A Passage from Middle-earth Volume One of Beyond the War of the Ring : The sequel/conclusion to The Lord of the Rings , The Silmarillion and The Hobbit by J. R. R. Tolkien Approximate Word count : 111,111 Author's Note: With the exception of locations, proper names, and some song lyric (which have been translated where applicably appropriate) all forms of communication have been rendered in modern English. A Passage from Middle-earth Homeward ( The Song of Samwise ) I stood upon a mountain and I thought about the wind and how I wish that I could simply fly to you, my friend I sat beside a fountain and I thought about the spray, how in their rush some droplets by the breeze are swept away I'm coming home to you There're just a few things that I must do I'm hoping you'll understand that I must complete the Task at hand Sometimes the paths that we must take are not those we would choose Sometimes the things at stake are not the ones that we can lose But still in all I know the One who holds us in His hand And so I have to trust that all will turn out as He planned One day we'll be together And it will be forever I'm coming home to you There're just a few things that I must do A Passage from Middle-earth Chapter One: Hallowed Ground "This must be what it feels like to be an Elf," Samwise quietly observed. "You watch all of the things you love pass away while you remain." He took no notice of the sudden concern in the eyes of his companions as they quickly fastened upon the trembling form of their friend. All he could see was the stark interruption in the blanket of grass before them, the mound under which his beloved Rosie, after many long decades of blissful marriage, now lay. The newly awakened blades already sparkled like shamrocks in the swift Shire spring. But his gardener's gaze uncharacteristically took no notice of the arriving life, only of the departing one. His friends spent the next several moments searching for something appropriate to say. "No one can hold onto any of it," Pippin finally said softly, his statement revealing the wisdom that long reflection on their adventures had produced. "But I have to wonder if maybe even the parting won't last forever. Gandalf once spoke to me of the Far Shore. And it sounded to me like it was a mutual destination, an eternal gathering. I think we'll see all of our friends again there one day." Pippin did not mention Frodo by name, and Merry took instant notice of this. It occurred to him that his friend was trying to comfort the one-time Ring Bearer without being too specific about the other losses they had experienced over the years. On their way back from the trip they had taken, decades before, to attend the marriage of Faramir and Eowyn in Edoras, the trio passed through the gap of Rohan on its northernmost side. He and Pippin had wanted to introduce Samwise to Treebeard. In the course of their visit, they had all shared large cups of Entwash. Not only had the Ents' mysterious beverage added inches to the heights of each diminutive recipient, but it was becoming clear that additional years had been added to their lives as well. They were outliving all their friends. Of the trio from the fabled Fellowship, the spouse of Samwise was the last to pass. They had no way to tell if they would now live, like trees, into their hundreds; but Merry understood only too well the sentiment his bereft companion was trying to express. And he could see why the Elves had finally chosen to leave Middle-earth. Such had become the topic of their far too numerous, graveside conversations. Pippin politely reminded his friends that a large meal had been prepared for Rosie's wake. Samwise hardly looked hungry, but he allowed himself to be ushered along the idyllic walkway that led out of the cemetery. The rest of his family had already vanished up the path. Upon reaching the house, they found that numerous staples and delicacies had already been laid out. It was in fact the most food Sam had ever seen in his kitchen at once. Apparently, he thought, his children were afraid that, if he were left to his own devices, he would starve to death and waste away. A large number of the items had also been presented in ways that would facilitate easy storage and long keeping. No one had known if he would want to sit down for a formal dinner, and the grandchildren had been anxious, so the youngsters were already digging in. Indicating the bounty spread around the kitchen as he passed through it on his way to a sitting room at the back of the hobbit hole, Sam simply nodded his permission for everyone else to follow suit. Merry and Pippin paused just long enough to hurriedly fill plates before they quickly followed after him. As they watched him cross the living room, his two closest companions noted that there was much conversation in the normally quiet home. But as Sam passed by each of the ones who were doing the talking, they would abruptly pause. They seemed uncertain as to whether they should attempt to include the widower in their discourse or if they should respect his solitude. Merry and Pippin however had spent considerable time, before the ceremony, discussing ways to handle their grieving friend. Reminiscing about their old adventures, they had concluded, seemed to be the most reasonable course of action, even though they knew it was also fraught with many potential pitfalls. With one hand, Merry managed to secure the handles of two mugs of ale. The second was intended for their host. Sam had never really been much of a drinker, especially of late. But Merry doubted that he would abstain, especially if encouraged not to. They were not trying to lead him to drown his sorrows, as if Sam would ever resort to such things, but his friends did want to see him relax. And it did seem reasonable to conclude that a pint or two might help him get in the mood to share in the storytelling. They particularly liked hearing him recall those desperate moments when he had taken up Sting and the Light of Earendil and served as the Ring Bearer himself, rescuing Frodo from a monstrous spider and a tower full of Orcs. Their plan was to persuade him to dwell for awhile in such legendary personal history. If that did not work, they might have to try and recruit him for a journey. Oftentimes Merry and Pippin had slipped out of the Shire, usually just for short jaunts. Occasionally they would travel to the west and visit the Grey Havens where they had said farewell to Frodo, Gandalf, and the Elven Ring Bearers. More often they would journey east to the village of Bree, staying the night. On the way back they would cross through the Barrow Downs, entering the Old Forest. And there they would visit Old Tom Bombadil and Goldberry. Being both a devoted husband and father, Samwise had never elected to participate in these adventures. Merry and Pippin knew that they might have to try and assuage the sorrow of their friend with a change of scenery, possibly even taking him all the way to Gondor to visit Elessar, the Elven name adopted by High King Aragorn, and High Queen Arwen. But they also understood that a fair amount of convincing would probably have to be done to secure such enlistment. And that was the other reason for the ale. Sam accepted the ale, but he then did not seem particularly compliant with their request that he entertain them with the required tale. Since he was the only one not eating, Merry and Pippin had to rise to the challenge of maintaining the conversation while emptying their plates. Recent history seemed to be the most relevant subject, as obtained through their Seeing Stone of which Pippin was the official Keeper. One of the Seeing Stones had been recovered from Isengard. Another had been discovered among the ruins of the fallen Dark Tower in Mordor. High King Elessar had also found one in the White Tower, apparently used by the late Steward, Denethor, and responsible for driving him mad. A fourth had been unearthed in Moria. They were now in the White Tower of Gondor, Isengard in Rohan, Moria, and the Shire respectively. The Keepers served as the Eyes of the King in the far reaches of his realm. And for a time there had been many regularly scheduled meetings conducted with the use of the Seeing Stones. As the years had gone by however it had gradually come to the point where the only scheduled conference was held on midsummer's day. Occasionally Pippin would encounter another of the Keepers if he looked into the Palantir between the appointed meetings. But he attempted its use only infrequently now. Some of the others, the High King and Queen in particular, seemed to have the ability to bend the Seeing Stones to their will and make them reveal whatever was required. Pippin was not that adept. And he was somewhat embarrassed by this failing since he was called a Keeper. Between mouthfuls of food Merry and Pippin talked about how marvelous it was that Gimli and the Dwarves had been able to retake Moria. Clandestinely they were trying to sow seeds of interest on the part of their host. They talked about the rebuilding of the Bridge of Khazad Dum and how, after expelling the Orcs, the Dwarves had resumed their extraction of the only deposit of Mithril known to exist anywhere. Merry went so far as to fantasize about the royal welcome they would surely receive if they were ever to make such a journey. For many long years Gimli had been the Lord of the Glittering Caves of Aglarond. But at last his heart had been stirred to retake the fastness of Khazad Dum. Dwalin's son, Dwain, had come of age. To him, Gimli had diffidently passed the responsibility for maintaining the Citadel of Flowering Stones. King Eomer was saddened to hear that the Dwarf Lord, his good friend and compatriot, was passing beyond his realm, for Moria lay north of the borders of Rohan at Nimrodel. But he was glad that their alliance was being honored by a remaining Dwarfish presence in the caverns behind Helm's Deep. Pippin took the opportunity to mention that during their most recent communication with Gimli, through the Palantir, an effort on the part of the Dwarves to find an alternate location, where they could open a doorway in the west side of the Misty Mountains, had been referenced. There were a number of relatively unexplored tunnels that led to the north of where the old backdoor had been located, and they were in the process of trying to determine whether one of these might lead them close enough to the western face of the range to enable excavating through. Pippin suggested that, if they had succeeded, a journey to Moria would require crossing far less distance now than even a journey to the Gap of Rohan. Neither of Sam's disappointed companions detected the slightest spark of interest in the possibility of such a journey. But they kept shoving mugs of ale into his hand as they continued their discussion late into the evening. Merry made a final comment about how the Dwarves were not really much taller than hobbits, and how it would be good to visit an old friend that did not tower over them. This, to his surprise, actually produced a chuckle from their host. Despite not having actually intended to do so, it was quite apparent that they had