We were twins. I had midnight black hair, my sister had dark chocolate brown/black hair. She had ocean blue eyes, I had forest green eyes. Our complexions were clear and our face structures were the same, except she had a sharp nose and I had a button nose. We were born in 1901, in Mississippi to a stuck-up couple that wanted perfect children. When me and my sister turned eight though she started to have dreams of the future. She told me all about them every time she would have a dream. Most of them came true and after a while she told our parents what was happening. That night they had her committed to an asylum. I didn't speak to my parents starting that night and for the next several years until I turned eighteen. I had gone to visit my sister that day and we had a little party in the sun room. I had backed us a small cake for two as I had to sneak into the kitchen late at night to make it. Our parents didn't approve of my visits to my sister, but they had no more power over me since the day they took her away. I brought Alice a gift that day to that she had to sneak back into her room. The asylum people didn't believe in their wards having jewelry. But I had found the perfect set of matching necklaces for us, and I couldn't wait for my sister to have hers. I helped her place it in a little pouch I had made in a bra for her. No one would be able to find it, and Alice could keep it with her. When visiting hour was over we hugged goodbye, but Alice held on to me not wanting me to go. I didn't want to go either, so the orderlies had to pull us apart and away from each other. Alice went kicking and screaming back to her room, and I had to be dragged out of the front doors crying for my sister. They locked the doors behind me that night and I had no choice but to start the journey back home. Clouds were building up in the sky on my way home and a big storm was brewing in the air. You could just feel and sense the anger of the weather. I hoped to make it home before the storm broke but I had no such luck. And instead of waiting it out under a store overhang or something like a smart person would do. Well I wasn't smart, I was stubborn and thought I could make my way through the storm and get home faster than waiting it out. I never did make it home though. Someone had attacked me on my way home, and I woke up three days later in the woods close to my home. I could feel that something was different about me and noticed that all my senses had been enhanced. The sun started to shine through the trees than and hit my arm. I jump back in shock and look at my arm. It was normal right now just a tad bit paler, but when I put it back into the light. My skin shone like I had diamonds embedded in my flesh. I stepped fully into the light and was astonished as my whole body was light up and sparkling. I stood there for a minute just admiring my skin. When my throat started to burn and I could feel a hunger come over me. Luckily a cougar was up in the tree stalking me. I hadn't even noticed it though, that was until my heart started to speed up and I could sense it up there watching me. I stood still then and just listened to the chirps of the birds and the rustling of the grass. As I waited for the cougar to make its move. That tiny scratch of nails on bark warned me of his movement before I sensed him leap into the air behind me. I stayed still and turned snatching him from the air in a blink of an eye. I had the cougar on the ground and my teeth in its neck before he even knew what hit him. I drained the cougar of his blood and stood back up completely sated. I dug a quick and deep whole then and buried the cougar out of respect. When I got back up I could see that my clothes had mud and dirt all over them and were torn in some places. My necklace was still intact and around my neck and that was the only thing I really cared about. I made my way out of the woods and came up to my back yard. Since it was still early in the morning my father would still be asleep and my mother would just be getting up to make breakfast. Anger and hatred filled my mind as I thought about my parents. And I somehow knew that when I stepped into that house my parents would be in their beds dead. I didn't know how I know, I just know that I could sense it in the air around me. Like how I could sense my prey without seeing it at all. I walked into my house and upstairs to my room not even bothering to check in my parent's room. I didn't really care that they were dead. To me they had died the day my sister was put in the asylum. I packed my clothes and special belongings in seconds, took all the money in the house. I went into my sister's room then and packed up her treasures to take with me. I left my home then and travelled all the way to Antarctica. There I spent many years practicing my hunting skills on water and land. I did not touch the penguins though as they were just too damn cute to even think about hurting. I ended forming a kinship with the penguins and protected them from predators. I stayed there with the penguins for a couple of centuries before I started to miss human contact. I also knew that my sister was alive and like me, so I decided that it was probably time to find her. I left Antarctica after a tearful farewell with my penguin friends. Then went right back to the states where I haven't been in forever. I take a couple of years learning all about all that has changed in the world before starting the journey to find my sister. I went to all the places I sensed she visited, and soon found out that she had found her mate. And joined a vegetarian coven. The vampires that told me that sneered at the word vegetarian, but I just laughed and said that that was perfect. I knew that my sister wouldn't hurt anybody on purpose, and I was proud that she was a vegetarian like me. I soon learned from other vampires that they lived in Forks, Washington. They were going through a situation with the Volturi who I found out were like the royal family to vampires. And they were after my sister and her family. Their family were currently gathering witnesses to stand with them against a crime they were accused of. Something about making an immortal child that wasn't an immortal in the sense that we were immortal. If that makes any sense at all. I made my way to Forks, Washington and was having fun jumping through the trees and playing with the nature around me. When I had gotten back to the states I had learned that I had control over the plants and trees. The trees came alive under my touch and helped me swing from limb to limb always catching me if I jumped to short. Which I did on purpose just for the thrill of it. The flowers and plants would bloom under my touch and try to wrap themselves around me. I haven't practiced anything else as I didn't really have the need to. So, for now I was just enjoying my gift of nature. The snow made the trees a little slippery but they kept a tight grip on me helping me land each time. My senses kicked in then and I turned direction toward a house as vampires and some wolf shifters came at me. I had to stop when the trees ran out and was in front of a gorgeous house with many vampires around. I sat down high in the tree and waited for the others to catch up to me and protect the ones in front of me like I knew they would. When they did come, I was in the middle of a staring contest with a female that was hiding a child behind her. My sister loved this woman like a sister and that made me a little bit jealous. The fact that she had a new family with parents and brothers and sisters made me jealous. But I would get over it and help protect them like Alice would want me to do. The other vampires and wolves finally arrived after five minutes all stopped right in front of the woman I was studying. "Who are you?" A blonde older man asks. He looks like the head of the Coven to me so I can answer to him. Rather than having the message go through several people to get to him. "You're the head of this coven correct?" I ask. The blonde nods and I smile gently at them all. "I am not here to harm anyone, I am here to help your family." I say. "Who are you?" He asks again. "Oh, forgive my manners. My name is Allie, not short for anything. I came because of Alice." I say. "Alice, you've heard from Alice?" The woman asks eagerly stepping forward. "Well no, not exactly. But I knew she would want me here helping her family." I say. "How do you know Alice exactly?" The man standing beside that woman asks. "I knew her when she was human and that's all I'm going to say on that subject. Now, is it safe for me to come down? Or are the shifters there going to attack me?" I ask pointing to the wolves. They shifted back at that moment and I knew it was safe for me to come down. I tap on the tree branch I'm sitting on and it gently lowers me to the ground. The little girl behind that woman looks up at the tree in awe when it goes back to its rightful position. "Alright that's much better, so who are all of you?" I ask looking around once I'm firmly on the ground. "Shouldn't you know who we are, if you know Alice?" A woman beside the blonde man asks. "Nope." I say popping the 'p'. They all look at me suspiciously and I take a step back a little worried. Hmm maybe I should have waited for my sister to be here before coming to help. But I knew that she would need me here for the beginning of the battle that was coming. I may not have seen her since our 18th birthday, but I still knew my sister, we still had that twin connection even if she didn't feel it anymore. "Alice had no memories after she was changed. If you're really her sister, you can tell us what happened to her when she was eight." A man says with a knowing look on his face. I studied them all for a minute and figured that Alice had told them about the asylum. "Our parents placed her in an asylum." I say growing cold at the thought of my parents. "Alright, we believe you." He says. Everyone introduces themselves then and I even