A/N: Quite a while back I read a book called "The Magic of Ordinary Days". It's also a move, one that I think is really good, and it's been in my dvr listing for a while. The other day I was deleting some stuff in there and I got bit by a plot bunny. That book gave me the idea, but this story isn't verbatim: I just wanted to give credit to my inspiration. Having said that, I don't own the Hunger Games either. Just am awfully glad someone does. -m A Marriage of Convenience Prelude "Panem is at war, Katniss." Gale's grey eyes, the same shade of stormy sky as mine, bore into me, pleading me to understand. "No, it's not. You are rebelling and it's only going to get us all killed." I cross my arms over my chest. How many times we have to hash this out is beyond me. "If we don't do something, then it'll never change! We'll die in this misery same as our fathers and theirs before." He runs his hand angrily through his dark brown hair, again, the same color of mine. "It's not as if I like living like this either, but the alternative is much worse." I bite out in frustration. "I have to do this!" He cries out emphatically. "And-" his voice breaks off unevenly. "I don't know if I'll make it back." I clutch at him, fear rising in the back of my throat, bitter and scalding. His hands pull at me, almost feral like. And I let him. He lays me down onto the bed of clover and high grasses where we've been sitting, miles into the forest where no one can find us. I don't love Gale, not like he wants me to, like he says he does me. But I do love him in my own way. He's my best friend, my only friend. And now he's leaving, most probably to die. His hands tug and pull at our clothing until we're both naked and then his lips press down on mine. I feel his hands roam my body and then he pushes in and the pain in incredible. I turn my head, tears trickling down my cheeks. As I feel him moving inside me, I know it should never have been like this. I never wanted it like this. But this is all I can give him. All I can feel is pain, and I don't know if it's my heart or from what Gale is doing. As his hands squeeze and pinch at my breasts his breath hitches, groaning my name. His body jerks and he grunts harshly then I feel him release deep inside of me. He lays there, still inside of me, his body pressing heavily down on mine for several minutes trying to catch his breath until he finally rolls off of me, turning from me to gaze off at the far off, hazy mountains. "I'm sorry, Katniss." He whispers, so soft that I almost don't catch it. I rise, dressing quickly. "It's okay, Gale. I don't mind." But I do. I wanted my first time to be special, to mean something. But now it never will. I thumb a tear from eye, hoping he doesn't notice. He does. He dresses quickly, too, then pulls me into a tight hug. "Thank you, though. I'll take that memory with me, cherish it always. I love you Katniss." He places a kiss on the top of my head then we turn to leave. I don't know how to respond, so I don't. As we march silently back to the Seam, only one thought keeps replaying through my mind. One that makes me hate myself. I don't know what will be worse, if he doesn't come back or if he actually does. Chapter One Katniss's POV Gale is gone. He crept away in the middle of the night, hours after we were together. He and a few others stole away to join the rebellion. I haven't heard from him in over a month, but I don't expect to. It's not as if he'll be able to simply drop a letter with the postmaster. His mother, Hazelle, is beside herself. Gale's absence, besides breaking her heart and making her fear for his life, has left her to care for her three other children with hardly no income. Gale worked at the mines, his paycheck basically providing for the whole household. She takes in laundry when she can but most of us in the Seam don't have the expendable money to pay for her services. A few Merchant families come to her, but not many. I help her out as much as possible with my hunting, but there's only so much I can do as well. I still have to put food on my family's table too. The Peacekeepers have been by several times, asking various questions about Gale and the others that left. Who their friends were, where they went, things they talked about. No one tells them anything. Every time I see a Peacekeeper, whether it be on the street in passing or when they knock on my door, my heart stops. It's not unheard of to be imprisoned simply for knowing a dissident. I rise early today, hoping to be back from the woods before school begins. I slowly pull on my warmest clothes. Even though it's still early in the fall, the temperature can be quite cool deep in the forest. The last thing I pull on is my old leather jacket. It is my most prized possession, one of only two things I have that was my fathers. My father died when I was eleven and Gale was thirteen. He and Gale's father and several others were caught in an explosion deep in the mines where they worked. That's actually the reason Gale and I are even friends. I met him in the forest, doing my best to forage and hunt for food when I ran across him. In the beginning it was a begrudged partnership, forged from the need to survive. Over the years we have grown close, as close as two people can get. It was perfect until this summer, when Gale declared his love for me. I tried hard to return his feelings, I buried deep inside myself searching for the possibility that I could love him too, but I couldn't. In the end I knew it wouldn't be fair to either of us to lie like that. In the end we'd just hate each other. For a few weeks after he told me his feelings, things between us was strained. I didn't know what to do, what to say. He kept looking at me with eyes full of hope and unspoken pleas, touching my face or hair. Finally, things resumed back to normal and he stopped gazing at me with those questioning eyes. But honestly, things were never the same. There was still a tiny bit of oddness lingering in the air whenever we were together. I began to miss the old, easy camaraderie that we had shared. Now, I was seventeen and Gale nineteen. After high school Gale had grudgingly applied to the mines, resigning himself to the same life his father had lived. I'm in my last year of school, and frankly, my future looks just as dim. Most of the girls I go to school with plan for a marriage, even one of convenience, to provide for them. I refuse. I've never wanted marriage, or children for that matter. After watching my mother suffer and fall apart from my father's death, I knew that I would never allow myself that fate. It took years after my father's death for my mother to pull herself together. It almost took all of us dying for to eventually come around. It was all I could do to provide us anything to eat, and that included rummaging through garbage bins in the middle of the night. Peeta Mellark saved us from dying. He took a beating to throw me two loaves of burnt bread in the pouring rain. Two loaves that I ran home and was able to feed my family with. That night, I laid awake trying in vain to find the words to thank him for his generosity. The next day at school, finding his eyes on me, my courage failed me and I couldn't do it. As I lowered my eyes to the ground instead, I noticed a dandelion, bright and yellow. And then it dawned on me how I could feed my family. That's when I became a hunter, a forager. And ever since, though I've never been able to thank him for his kindness, Peeta Mellark has always remained my dandelion. A bright sun in an otherwise grey and dreary life. But I try not to dwell on Peeta and the way I've failed him. It's not as if I've never had another opportunity to repay his kindness. He and I have gone to school together since kindergarten. We've shared classes, passed each other in the halls of school. And so many times I've caught him staring, his beautiful blue eyes boring into mine. But when I look his way, he averts his eyes and moves on. I also try not to dwell on the way he makes me feel every time he stares at me. It's like a million butterflies have hatched in my stomach, fluttering around in there. My heart will speed up until I'm sure it will burst from chest. My body breaks out in a cold sweat and I find myself struggling to breathe. I wonder, sometimes, if my aversion to marriage isn't also based on Peeta Mellark. Because I'm not stupid. Someone as generous and kind, someone as handsome as Peeta would never look my way. Not for that. He stares, I think, because we both know he saved my life, took a beating for it, and I never, not once, ever said even a simple 'thank you' for it. How he must hate me. And how I secretly love him. I scrub my face in the icy water of the washstand, pulling myself back to the present. Best not to think of things like that, especially Peeta Mellark. He's a pipe dream that I've struggled to suppress for years. I don't bother leaving a not for mother as to where I'll be, but she has left me one. It's a list of herbs and plants she needs while I'm in the forest. She's the district's unofficial apothecarian. In truth, she was once a legitimate one. Her parents, long since dead, ran the now defunct apothecary. After she met my father and married him, she was basically shunned from her former friends in the merchant area. Except for Peeta's father, Mr. Mellark. My mother doesn't talk much about her former life, but she did tell me once, that she and Mr. Mellark were very close, very good friends. After his wife died four years ago, they slowly rekindled their friendship. Suddenly, as I collect my hunting bag to leave, my stomach turns itself inside out and I find myself vomiting. My stomach rolls and lurches, until I'm left dry heaving painfully. I rinse my mouth out, recalling that that's the fifth day in a row I've done that. Now that I think about it, I have been feeling off lately. My breasts have been tender and I've been extremely tired. I think nothing of it, the nausea has passed, and I head off for the forest. I trudge, quickly but quietly, to my favorite spot to watch for game. As I wait, listening for the sounds of an animal, my brain cries out to me, something that's been right in front of my face the whole time. I'm late! I'm late and I've been throwing up! My heart starts pounding in chest like a caged animal desperately