Hello everyone! Before we start, there are a few items that I want to get out of the way. This is my passion project. Twilight is the guiltiest of pleasures for me. I'm using this platform to work on true character development. I write FF by adding another character and researching and hypothesizing how canon characters will adjust course. There are a few changes that I've made in the story as well, which you will see as we progress. I had to shift the timeline just slightly to fit my plot, and it follows the book not the movie. Currently rated T, may move to M. Disclaimer: This is a work of fan fiction using characters and locations from the Twilight world, which is owned by Stephanie Meyer. I do not claim ownership of the characters and words that I am borrowing. All characters, with the exception of the protagonist, and created and owned by Stephanie Meyer. The air was crisp, almost bright despite the gloomy grey clouds that perched as vigilant sentinels across the crowded sky. Alaina hadn't been here long, but it seemed as though a never-ending stream of gloominess encompassed Forks, Washington, but if she was being honest, Alaina didn't mind. She'd always loved the chilly, cloudy days of Autumn in the Midwest, and even though it was February, it felt just like October at home. Home . The thought sent a pang through Alaina's chest with intense longing. The weather may have reminded her of the bustling streets alive with the highs and lows of humanity, but the similarities ended there. God, she missed Detroit. The tangy smell of diesel announced the arrival of the bus before Alaina was actually able to see it and she couldn't help but scrunch her nose in disgust. She didn't know why, but something about busses made her motion sick before even sitting down on the uncomfortable seats. The dirty yellow bus slowed to a squeaking stop, the doors catching and jolting as they slid open. The driver looked down with a kind smile. "Good morning!" The bus driver said, giving a short nod in greeting. Alaina flashed him a nervous smile before heading inside. Luckily, there were only a few other students sprinkled around, so it was easy to find a spot near the back to sit by herself. Swinging her backpack off her shoulders and onto the empty space beside her, Alaina scooted close to the window and placed her forehead against the cold, frosted glass. Sighing, she closed her eyes, willing her heart rate back to normal as it had immediately started to pick up pace as she felt the driver shift gears and jerkily resume its route. The acid in her stomach began to creep up, and Alaina took a shaky deep breath. She wasn't positive if all this was a result of motion sickness or her nerves getting the better of her. Seeing as she was on her way to a new school in a new town in the middle of the school year, she strongly suspected the latter. Either way, she was miserable. The feeling of dread that had settled in the pit of her stomach since the moment she had woken up had not eased in the slightest. This was all wrong. It had started with waking up in the wrong bed, in the wrong room that was the wrong color. Even the smell was wrong. Now she was headed to the wrong school, surrounded by strangers in the wrong town. Alaina spent the entirety of the bus ride taking deep breaths, and adjusting her forehead to a new cool spot on the window once she had warmed the glass too much for her liking. The occasional jerky stops and starts as the driver completed his rounds picking up the small handful of students did little to settle her stomach and Alaina did her best to ignore the increasingly noisy chatter that started up around her. She caught more than a few students giving her curious looks as they entered the bus, but Alaina ignored this as well, doing everything she could to avoid making eye contact and praying fervently that everyone would just leave her alone. Alaina didn't know if it was because she craved her solitude, or the other students - consisting primarily of freshmen - were too hesitant to approach someone who was so clearly an upper classman, but it worked, and they blissfully left her alone. She knew she stood out, even beyond her obvious status as a new kid. This was the kind of town that was full of All-American kids with All-American families, with their All-American dog living in a house behind an All-American white picket fence. Alaina, with her thick brown hair and thick hips and deep set eyes that easily gave away her immigrant roots was obviously...not. "Have a good day everyone!" The bus driver's cheery voice broke Alaina out of her silent misery and she blinked as she looked around. She was the last one on the bus, and the kindly man was looking at her expectantly. Heaving a giant sigh, Alaina gathered her things and leveraged herself heavily to her feet. "Watch your step," the driver intoned. Alaina gave him a weak smile before dropping down the last step onto the wet pavement. Even the day was wrong. Who starts a new school on leap year? Starting your new life on a day that barely exists seemed like a bad omen. She didn't want to be here. She didn't want to have to try and make new friends. She didn't want to deal with any of this. It was still raining so Alaina threw the hood of her gray zip up over her hair. She hoped that she was projecting a sufficient "I don't give a shit" vibe to make an adequate first impression to be left alone, but no one seemed to be paying much attention. As she maneuvered through the school parking lot, a large red truck caught her eye. It felt like an accident, something so bright and commanding so much attention in a town that was so dull. Too soon, Alaina heard a bell ringing in the distance so she picked up her pace, bounding up the stairs to the school that were still slick from the never ending rain. She lost her footing on the last step and stumbled, trying to catch her balance. "Watch it!" Alaina was just able to grasp the slick handrail before her knees collided with concrete. Awesome. Off to a great start. "You ok?" Alaina turned to find a tall boy jogging towards her, his letterman jacket glistening with moisture and collecting in his shaggy blond hair. There was concern in his eyes, but a boyish grin spread across his face once their eyes met. "Uh...Yeah, I'm fine." Alaina said, nervously wiping her damp hands on her black jeans before pointlessly adjusting the strap on her shoulder. "Slipped." The boy nodded with a smile before gesturing for Alaina to continue, using his long legs to easily keep pace as she quickly darted away. Once they reached the squat gray building in front of them, he opened up the door, waiting patiently for Alaina to walk through before following her inside. The courteous gesture made Alaina strangely uncomfortable. Her plan to slip through this wrong day in quiet anonymity was not getting off to a good start. "You're new." He could have worded it like a question but she supposed there really wasn't a point. This seemed like the kind of place where everyone knew everyone and if he didn't recognize her, there could only be one reason. Alaina considered ignoring him, but decided that it would be best not to be overtly rude. However, he noticed her hesitation, and his brow furrowed. Accepting that there was no way out of the conversation, Alaina sighed, reaching up to free her hair from where she had tucked it in her hood. "You caught me." The boy smiled at her sarcasm before switching his bag to the other shoulder to free his right hand. "Mike Newton," He said, holding it out for a handshake. A handshake? Oh man, she really wasn't in Kansas anymore. Alaina took the outstretched hand and was momentarily surprised by the firm grip that met hers. "Alaina Pawlowska." Alaina retrieved her hand and continued walking, Mike trailing close behind as she followed the sign for the main office. "Russian?" "Polish," Alaina answered absently, frowning as she scanned the tiny door plaques for the one that would save her from further interaction. It's not that Mike wasn't nice; he really, really was. But that sick feeling from earlier hadn't quite dissipated, and she wasn't really ready to delve head on into the schools social aspect. "I know. It's weird." "Hey. No. It's cool. Interesting." Mike replied with a laugh. "It's better than Newton. How boring is that?" Alaina shifted her backpack on her shoulder, trying not to squirm in her discomfort. The attention was unnerving. It almost seemed as though he was… flirting? Alaina dismissed the notion almost the same second it came to her. She knew better. Boy's weren't interested in her. Only time they were is if they wanted something. The thought and the accompanying ghost of memories made her shudder. Alaina spotted the door she was looking for with a wave of relief and slowed to a stop. Mike was still looking at her expectantly, so she awkwardly cleared her throat and pointed to the door. "Is this the main office?" she asked. Mike blinked, seemingly a little confused by the abrupt change in subject. He glanced at the door before nodding his head. "Cool, thanks. I'm going to get my schedule. I'll see you around?" She was already half way through the door before she finished her sentence, unable to hear his reply as the door closed just as he was opening his mouth. Leaning heavily against the door, Alaina rested her head back and closed her eyes. This attention isn't permanent. You're shiny. You're new. It'll fade. "Ms. Pawlowska?" The receptionist asked, causing Alaina to jump at the sound. A short haired and plump brunette seated behind the desk surveyed her over a pair of thin reading glasses, holding a folder of papers expectantly. Alaina cleared her throat and pushed herself away from the door, nodding as she neared the desk. The older lady smiled at the confirmation. "Welcome to Fork's High. We are very happy to have you." The woman stood behind the desk and offered her hand for another handshake. Formalities completed, she began pulling papers out of the folder in her hands. "My name is Mrs. Cole and I am the office secretary. Please feel free to come in and ask any questions you may have, though I'm sure the other students and teachers would be more than happy to lend a helping hand." She handed over a sheet of paper. "Here is your class schedule" and pointed to another she had placed on the desk, "and this is a map of the school. You'll see each building marked on the map and there will be a number hanging above each of the main entrances. Easy enough?" Her smile was genuine, and Alaina tried to return it earnestly, however the expression felt a little odd on her face. She really didn't want to be here, but at least the people were nice, albeit quite fond of handshakes. For a moment, Alaina allowed herself to consider that maybe this wouldn't be as bad as she thought. Maybe she was being a little bit dramatic… "Easy enough," she agreed, taking the papers from her. "Thank you." "Just doing my job" Mrs. Cole said with a friendly wink. Alaina's smile came a little easier this time. She held up her hand in an awkward wave and turned to walk out before Mrs. Cole's voice stopped her. "Oh. Honey.