A/N: Wow, first dramione fic! Sorry if it sucks, but here it is. Read and review! The first time Hermione wore a red dress was during their third year—Draco remembered because he couldn't recall her ever wearing something of the likes before. It was a questionably timed trip to Hogsmeade; rain was coming down in droves intermittently, chasing everyone under awnings and into the warmth and dryness of nearby shops. This particular time, it began with a light sprinkling, the third of the day, and immediately Draco let out a monstrous sigh and dragged Blaise, his Hogsmeade partner for the day trip, towards the nearest shop just as it began pouring down rain once more. "Shit!" yelled Blaise as he caught the first of the downpour, covering his head with his hands in a meager attempt to shelter his hair from the rain. "Don't be so dramatic," Draco muttered and slipped into a shop he didn't bother to read the name of—if it was dry, it was good enough. "Does it look like I can get my hair wet?" Blaise pointed to his dark curls. He was incredulous, and Draco didn't care. This entire trip had been more or less a bust, and Draco was still too damp from the first bout of rain to enjoy much of anything past their brief encounter with Dogweed and Deathcap, some Herbology shop Blaise had insisted they stop at. Blaise tripped over something and stumbled gracefully forward, stepping on Draco's robe. With a muttered apology from Blaise and a growl of annoyance from Draco, Draco looked up around him. Shelves and shelves of books towered around him and looked placidly upon the pair of Slytherins, and Draco let out an exaggerated sigh, accompanied by a mumbled "dramatic" comment from Blaise. They were in Tomes and Scrolls. Normally the idea of being in a bookstore might intrigue Draco—he wasn't illiterate and could, on occasion, enjoy a story on his own time—but the smell of old books wasn't soothing his damp robes or his disgruntled mind, and the idea of staying in a bookshop for any longer than a minute, much less until the rain let up, was unappealing. "Seriously Draco? Of all the shops—" "Shut it Blaise." Draco shrugged off his wet outer robes and draped them over his arm. There was no attendant in sight, he saw with a glance across trite shop. Blaise followed suite and they began to wander the shop aimlessly, awaiting the ceasing of the rain. It pattered on the tin roof, a sound that, under different circumstances, might have been pleasing to his ear. Instead, it managed to nearly drown out the thoughts in his head with its noise. Draco peered absentmindedly at the titles of books for so long that when he turned, he found that Blaise was not behind him and had, in fact, stopped several minutes prior to flip through a novel. With another long sigh, his third of the day, Draco stepped around another shelf, where he found, to no one's surprise, Hermione Granger sitting cross legged on the ground and reading from a thick, ancient text. Or, at least, that's what it looked like from his vantage point. But Draco wasn't exactly intent on staring at the book—his gaze was on her. He had never seen her wear anything remotely similar to what she was wearing. It was a dress (could you call it a dress if it was on Granger? He thought she only wore frumpy pants and sweaters) with flowers on it, a sharp contrast to the actual weather outside. It fanned around her and her book, and she ran her fingers through her mass of hair absentmindedly, flipping it to the side, he was stunned by— "Malfoy?" she had looked up at him and he nearly startled, but kept his steady demeanor in check. "Granger." His reply was curt and smooth. She raised her eyebrows, speculating, and when she realized there was nothing suspicious about his being there, she relaxed. "Do you need something?" "I was just looking for a book." "Well, if it isn't Magic in Muggles, or another book by Antony Dantoine, then it isn't here." Draco racked his brain for wizarding authors with a last name beginning with D, knotting his hand in his still-damp robe. "I'm looking for Dzuden," he said, and when she raised her eyebrows at him once more, he added, "Velma Dzuden? Have you not heard of her?" "Of course I've heard of her, I'm not daft," she retorted closing her book. "Do you need help finding it or something? Or is there another reason you're standing there bothering me?" "I think I can manage myself, thank you very much," Draco said, but Hermione was already standing up and brushing imaginary debris from her dress. It reached down past her thighs, barely showing anything but her knees, and yet… "It's probably over there, I bought Sprouts and Sprites the last weekend we were here, and I remember it being on the second shelf from the bottom on the shelf behind there." Hermione pointed to a stack of books and Draco looked up from the hem of her dress just in time to meet her eyes. "Why are you interested in a Herbology author?" "I thought Blaise might appreciate her work." She shrugged in acceptance of the lie and looked back at Draco. They stared at each other for a moment, saying nothing, until Hermione shifted awkwardly and looked down at her discarded book. "Was that all, or—" "I didn't ask for your help, Granger," Draco scoffed, and Hermione rolled her eyes. "Anything to get you out of my hair, Malfoy." He was already walking away from the girl in the red dress with her hands on her hips, a scowl marring his pristine features. What a twit she was! Draco rounded the corner, finding Blaise already sitting in front of the Dzuden section. The rain had let up, Draco realized by the distinct lack of noise on the ceiling, and he pulled Blaise to his feet, murmuring a "time to go" before shoving him out the door. Merlin, how he hated red. 888888888888 "Malfoy, you prick!" Draco turned his head over his shoulder to peer at the redheaded boy behind him with a sneer. "Something wrong, Weasel?" "Did you take our damned foxglove?" "No, I'm afraid you've managed to lose that all by yourself." "Sod off," Harry said from next to Ron. "If you took it, just give it back Malfoy, we don't have time for this." "I didn't take it, you pair of idiots, so—" "Malfoy, could you be not horrible for a moment and just give it back?" "You arsehole! I know you took it!" "Weasel, maybe you should spend more time looking for what you lost than insulting me." "If you hadn't taken it in the first place, then he wouldn't be insulting you!" "Potter, I swear to—" "Ronald, is this yours?" Amidst the flurry of loud and angry whispers, Hermione Granger had snuck up on them and was now holding a bundle of foxglove in her hand. She looked at the silenced boys expectantly. "Well?" "Where was that?" Harry asked, and Hermione nodded her head towards the ground. Draco laughed and Ron let out a sigh, running his hands through his hair and lying his head on his desk. "I told you, you probably lost—" "Malfoy, didn't you push it off their desk?" Hermione looked at him, a small smile tugging at the corner of her mouth. Not that Draco was paying attention to her mouth, or even her for that matter— "Granger, why can't you leave me alone? I'm trying to work, and you're exhausting me." She rolled her eyes at him and dropped the foxglove on her friends' desk. Hermione sauntered to the front of the room and handed Professor Snape a slip explaining her tardiness, and sat down in the desk next to Malfoy's, her partner a Hufflepuff named Everly. Malfoy watched her set down her books and frowned at her. "Why is your robe buttoned up, Granger?" he asked, and he thought he saw her ears turn a little pink. "I'm cold." She glanced at him, attempting to keep an even face. "And wasn't I distracting you from your work?" "Please," Draco scoffed, turning back to his partner and his potions ingredients. "You could never distract me." He saw her ears turn a shade darker from the corner of his eye and she huffed, nestling herself into her chair and beginning to work. Several minutes later, he caught himself glancing over at Hermione once again, her robe still clasped even with the rising heat of the room. She shifted, and the edge of her robe fell off her knee, exposing a glint of red from underneath—definitely not uniform. "Granger," he drawled, but she didn't look up at him. "Granger!" "What, Malfoy." "Your robe is still buttoned." "It is, Malfoy." "Is that within the dress code?" She paused, her hand halfway to the cauldron before her. She turned to meet his eyes. "Excuse me?" she asked, and he smirked. "My buttoned robe is most certainly dress code. You're allowed to be cold." "I didn't think red was allowed, outside of your house emblem," he said, a smirk growing on his face. Hermione looked down at herself and shrugged the fallen corner of her robe back over her knee where her red dress had become exposed. Wait— had Malfoy been staring at her legs? "Why the dress, Granger? Did you come here from somewhere? Is that why you were late?" He stared at her, smirking. "What's it to you?" "My, does Granger have some sort of date?" His voice rose a little, and Hermione shot him a glare. "I must say, I'm a bit surprised." He waited for her to explode, but she didn't—she smirked back. "Maybe I did." She smiled to herself and turned back to her work. "Now, try not to be so distracted by my robes, Malfoy." He rolled his eyes and went back to work. It was subtle, but she had won this round—she knew she had. The real story was that she had not been able to properly wash her clothes (she'd forgotten) and had to resort to an old red dress of hers. it looked quite silly with knee socks and her school shoes, but if it angered Malfoy, it was worth it. And he had definitely been looking at her legs. 888888888888 It was fifth year, and the last of the latecomers were arriving from Christmas holiday at home. Hermione had come early, of course, and was in the library, of course, reading ahead on a class on ancient Wizarding Languages. She herself had coerced Professor Binns to include this work in his teaching, and she intended to know enough about the text to be able to converse with her classmates about the subject—all 6 of them. Hermione flipped a page and felt her sleeve rustle against the paper. Her parents had gotten her a dress this year for Christmas—red, they said, like Gryffindor, but it was a bit too scarlet to properly match her house colors. She admired their thought, though. Hermione was halfway into a passage about the creation of spells from Latin language when she noticed a presence. The witch stopped and looked up, meeting the eyes of Draco Malfoy who stood in front of her with his arms crossed. His blonde hair was ruffled from the train ride home, she assumed, and he had street clothes on, much like her. "Malfoy," she said, polite and curt. After sitting near each other for a semester of tiring History class, they had resorted to sharing notes a bit and didn't shy away from helping the other as much as they used to. She didn't exactly care for the Slytherin, but he was tolerable—for now. "You're wearing a dress," he stated, looking down at her. "Yes," she said, surprise