Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Summary: He said it would be as if he never existed. He thought it would be a gift. He had no idea the curse he was giving her. "Memory is all we are. Moments and feelings, captured in amber, strung on filaments of reason. Take a man's memories and you take all of him. Chip away a memory at a time and you destroy him as surely as if you hammered nail after nail through his skull." ― Mark Lawrence, King of Thorns Time is fuzzy these days. Bella stares at the spoon in her hands then looks at Charlie, who is eating dinner across from her. She pokes her mashed potatoes with her spoon and frowns. She doesn't remember making dinner. Honestly, she doesn't remember coming home from school. Everything seems to blend together these days…ever since Edward— Bella flinches, pressing a hand to her chest, and then blinks slowly. What was she thinking about? "Are you going to eat that?" Charlie asks, and Bella looks down at her eggs, then out the window. It was morning. Bella nods, stiffly, and mechanically picks of her fork, eating without saying a word. Charlie's paper says it's October 4. Bella thought it was the 16th of September. ….. In her mind she can see herself acting normal, cleaning up the dishes, driving herself to school, and going to each one of her classes but in reality she moves stiffly, slowly, like she's half asleep, being tugged around on a string. She's fine. Mike says that holding a conversation with her is like talking to someone on drugs. He pauses after he says it and looks at her in concern. "You're not on drugs are you?" Mike asks, slowly, eyes shifting nervously around to make sure no one is listening, "Because if you are we can get you some help—" Bella hears a velvety voice whisper in her ear, something about heroin, and feels a phantom pain in her chest, then she doesn't think about anything at all. She opens her eyes, and realizes that she's in bed. Her alarm clock is blaring. She reaches over, and turns it off, then gets out of bed. She has to get ready for school. … Charlie knows that she goes in and out, and sometimes there's no triggers. She could be washing dishes in the kitchen, and then she'll blink and be sitting on the couch next to Charlie. He'll be looking at her, like they were in the middle of a conversation, and Bella won't know what's going on. "Bella, are you feeling alright?" Charlie asks, and Bella nods. "I'm fine," she says, because it's true. There's nothing wrong with her. She stares at the TV and her face twists up in confusion. "What's wrong?" Charlie asks, and Bella shakes her head. "He said it was October 29th," Bella muttered, and Charlie nods. "It is," he agrees, and Bella frown deepened. She thought it was the 16th of September. ….. She's in the kitchen, making lunch, humming to herself. She tries to remember where she heard the song, and a memory of pale hands on piano keys comes to mind. It hurts… She blinks and looks around, biting her lip. She's in the woods. She looks around but can't see her house. Why would…? She'd been thinking about something…? She must have walked here. She looked down at the ground. It will be as if I'd never existed. She blinked. What was she doing again? She noticed something on the ground and picked it up. Her shoe? How did her shoe get in the woods? She remembered putting them on this morning before she went to school. She looked down at her feet. She was wearing boots. She shrugged, and turned to retrace her steps and go home, her shoe clenched tightly in her hand. She hummed to herself as she walked home, a song she was pretty sure her mom used to play around the house when she was little. …. She's in Jacob's garage. She watched his back as he works on his car, asking for tools over his shoulder. He doesn't seem to care that sometimes she checks out, so he has to repeat what he wanted…twice. She's been trying to keep track of her blackouts, but she can't seem to figure out the trigger. "So Valentine's day is coming up," Jacob says, turning to look at her, a sunny grin on his face, "Any plans?" Bella stares at him blankly. "How can it be Valentine's day?" she asks, "It's September," "No, it's February 7th," the boy says, slowly and Bella goes quiet for a long time. "Who are you?" she finally asks, and the boy smiles warmly. "I'm Jacob Black," he says, without hesitation, "Your best friend," Bella nods, and Jacob goes back to working on his car. Bella passing him tools. He only has to repeat what he wants twice. … She screams sometimes at night. Her eyes open and a scream burst from her throat without her permission. She presses her pillow to her face to smother the screams, her chest aching with fathom pain, as if someone literally ripped her heart out. Once the screaming stops, she sobs, breaking to pieces over a nightmare that she can't even remember. "Bella!" Charlie calls, coming into her room, and Bella removes the pillow from her head, tears streaming from her eyes, "What's wrong?" Bella doesn't answer. She doesn't know why she's crying. Charlie sits next to her and rubs her back. "Look, I know that Edward leaving was hard but—" Charlie starts, and her brain gives up on trying to stay in the present. It hurts too much… She's eating cereal across from Charlie. She doesn't remember making cereal. She doesn't remember getting out of bed. "So, are you going to hang out with Jacob after school today?" Charlie asks, and Bella nods. "I guess," she mumbles, confused. Who was Jacob? She looks at Charlie sitting across from her, and notices the date on his paper. It's February 13th. She thought it was September 16th. … "Happy Valentine's!" Jacob says, holding out a small, pink box of conversation hearts. Bella stares at him for a long moment. "It's Valentine's day?" she asks, and Jacob nods. "I should have gotten you a calendar," Jacob jokes, as Bella took the candy, "But then again, I guess you've had a lot going on with—" "Thanks," she says, interrupting him, she thinks her face is smiling but she can't be sure. She stares at the candy hearts and feels pressure building behind her eyes. A single tear slides down her cheeks, and Jacob pulls her into a hug. "Who am I?" Jacob asks, rubbing her back. And Bella tries to think through the sludge in her brain. A beach…a conversation she can't remember. "Jacob Black," Bella says, slowly, "You're my best friend." "Aw, Bells" he says, pulling away to look at her, a warm smile on his face, "You remembered," "How could I forget?" Bella jokes, but something feels wrong. She looks at the hearts in her hand. "Where did you find Valentine's candy in September?" Bella asks, and Jacob's smile falls for a second. "A novelty shop," he answers, letting go of her and taking her hand in his, "Want to go see a movie?" "Okay," Bella says, opening the candy, and offering one to Jacob. …. Sometimes it hurts to be around Jacob. Bella doesn't know why. She loves being around him. He's the only person who doesn't look at her like she's strange. And she thinks she blanks out less when she's around him. But sometimes, she looks at him and she doesn't know who he is. Where did they meet? Sometimes, when he speaks, all she hears is the sound of waves crashing on to the beach. She covers her ears and it gets louder. "Bella?" Jacob says, pulling her hands away from her ears, "Are you alright?" Bella looks at him, and blinks. "What were we talking about?" Bella asks, and Jacob lets go of her hands. "I asked you to hand me that screwdriver," he says, pointing to the tools beside her. "Oh," Bella says, grabbing the screw driver and passing it to him, "Who are you?" The boy smiles, but his eyes are sad. "Who do you think I am?" he asks, and Bella frowns. "Uh," she presses her hand to her head. "I'm Jacob Black," he says, taking her free hand in his, "I'm your best friend," "Jacob," Bella repeats, then nods, "Okay," Jacob presses a kiss to her forehead, and then goes back to working on his car. He asks her for tools, and she passes them to her. He only has to repeat what he asked for twice. …. She's sitting at the lunch table with her friends. She doesn't know who half the people at her table are, but she doesn't want to come off as rude by asking. "Bella, do you want to go see a movie with us this weekend?" Mike asks, and Bella shrugs. "Okay," she says, and feels people staring at her, "What?" "Nothing," says Jessica, "You've just never agreed to go somewhere with us so easily," "Really?" Bella asks, confused. "Yeah, you used to be so far up Edward's ass that we practically had to pry you out with a crowbar," Lauren hissed, and Bella flinched. "Edward?" she repeats, and she can't breathe. Her head snaps toward the empty lunch table and then back to Lauren, whose eyes have gone wide. Bella gets up from the lunch table and storms out of the room, her head spinning. She makes it halfway to the Cullen's house... She blinks and frowns. Where was she going again? She looks around and nothing looks familiar. She must have made a wrong turn on her way to Jacob's. She turns around, wondering why her heart hurts, brushing tears off her cheeks. The man on the radio says it's February 27th, Bella laughs because it must be a joke. It's only September 16th. … She can't stop moving. The boy watches her pace around his Living Room, with patient eyes. "Who am I, Bella?" he asks, casually, and Bella freezes, "Bella, who am I?" Bella can't control her breathing, pacing faster, before she trips over the coffee table. The boy steadies her before she can fall. He pulls her into a hug, and Bella clings to him. "Why would he do this to me?" Bella asks, "Why would he leave me? How could he just—?" Bella can't finish, it hurts to much, "Who are you?" The boy's arms tremble around her, but when he pulls away his gaze it steady. "Look at me, Bella," he says, "You know me," Bella cringes, as a painful tangle of memories flash before her eyes, gone before she has a chance to distinguish them. She sags against him, suddenly tired. "Jacob," she mutters, "What were we talking about?" Jacob sighs, and pats her head. "We weren't talking about anything," Jacob says, and Bella nods, closing her eyes. She wakes in Jacob's bed and can hear him talking to Charlie in the living room. She's too tired to even attempt to focus on what they're talking about, though she hears her name mentioned a few times. Jacob comes into the room, with a plate of sandwiches. "Dinner time," he says, cheerfully, and sits next to her on the bed. They eat in silence, and if Bella forgets where she is, Jacob is kind enough not to mention it. "He shouldn't have left you," Jacob says, and Bella nods, though she has no idea who he's talking about. Who left her? … She's fine. Some days she can go the whole day without blanking out. But those days are hard, and she finds her hands shaking and her head hurting. "Pencils down," her teacher says, and Bella looks down at her blank