A/n: Just a little story featuring the Queens and Bella that I felt like doing for fun. Not sure how many chapters I'm going to put into this, but for now, I hope you enjoy! Author: Deadly Tigress (No Beta) Warnings for this story: Blood/Gore, Graphic Violence, Language, Sexual Content Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement was intended. Roses in the Dark Chapter One - Following the Trail Bella was having an odd dream again. This time though, she was in the middle of a dim hall which appeared to stretch on for miles into endless darkness. Lit torches built into the stone walls was the only form of light nearby; the warm glow encircled her small form like a possessive lover's arms, holding her without even thinking of letting go. It's a pleasant feeling , she thought with a glazed smile as she gazed down at the ground. To her numbed surprise, she found herself garbed in a plain white dress that flowed down to the cobblestone floor in a single wave. Said dress matched the crown of white roses that lay delicately on the top of her head, giving her the sweet appearance of a virgin maiden. Feeling a strange sense of ease, Bella did not react to the sudden bouquet of red roses that appear in her clasped hands, or when her bare feet began to shuffle forward to the magnificent set of oak doors that stood powerfully before her. She sensed something equally alluring and dangerous on the other side of the wood barriers, which caused her to hesitate on grabbing one of the black handles that hung above her. It didn't matter though. The doors opened up on their own accord, revealing the horrors from behind. Splattered against the marble walls and gathering in a dark-red lake, the copper stench of blood stained the air in an invisible cloud as the physical substance settled on the floor of the grand ballroom. Strangely enough, the blood did not leak out the opened doors as she expected it too. Instead, it stayed in the mausoleum of a room with the steady movement of waves that drifted in the opposite direction of her. Raising her indifferent gaze from the floor, Bella too looked forward and was not surprised at what she saw. In the middle of the murky lake, several rows of wooden benches stained with the crimson liquid were lined up evenly on the sides with about a hundred people sitting forward in motionless silence. Standing on the other side of the room above the fallen blood, and garbed in regal night-black dresses, three striking women gazed at her with an eerie wave of love that radiated across the room and enclosed her with a deadly thickness like morning fog. Several rays of vividly rich moonlight glowed down from the windows above the women, embellishing the women's lovely faces in an ethereal radiance of silver. Hanging from their necks were golden chains with a small gold crest in the shape of a sharp V. The lava-red rubies engraved at the top and bottom of the emblems caught the pale light, giving the jewels the appearance of flames flicking inside their cores. Arched behind the trio were a regal canopy with black, velvet curtains and equally black roses spiraling around the rigid poles. From what she could see, only shadows crawled in the space, waiting to snatch any creatures of the light in the suffocating gloom. Bella turned her attention back to the mysterious trio. The woman on the left was the shortest of the three, possibly even shorter than Bella, with a devilish grin and a mischievous glint in her gaze to match her child-like appearance. Her raven-black hair flowed down in curly waves, caressing the edges of her back as she bounced on her toes with apparent excitement. The sight made Bella smile in amusement before she turned her eyes to the two other women. The woman on the right was the tallest of the three with platinum blond hair that dropped to her shoulders in curled spikes. She appeared to carry herself with the strict nature of a general, though she too had a hint of playfulness in her cool stare. Her hands held behind her back in a disciplined manner, she puffed out her chest and tilted her head slightly with a curious raise of one of her eyebrows. It was almost a direct challenge to Bella, who simply blushed and looked at the final member of the trio. The last woman, who stood in the middle of the trio, was the obvious center of the three. An aura of silent power radiated off of her, strong and deadly, but was quiet enough to be hidden. Unlike her two companions, her golden blond hair was tied up into a elegant bun that showed off her oval face more. Slowly, she crossed her arms over her chest with a small smirk that brimmed with mystery. Bella smiled back and scanned over each woman again. Each one of them were different, but had one thing in common… Their irises were the same color as the roses in Bella's hands, but were far more enthralling. The mere sight of them stunned Bella into place, leaving her with a sensation of warm shivers that slithered up and down her spine. Apparently amused at her hesitancy, the women's petal pink lips curled into persuasive smiles as they raised their left hands in synchronization. Without even thinking about it, Bella took a step into the lake where she immediately sunk to her ankles in the thick liquid. In an instant, the rolling waves changed course, consequently splashing and staining her white dress. The blood was hot, very hot, but cooled the closer she moved to the three women. Unknown to her however, the white roses in her hair wilted the closer she got to them as well. All the purity of the roses simply perished. The white petals darkened into an unpleasant brown and hardened until eventually cracking off; they drifted down to the crimson waters waiting below, where they floated on top like the tossed petals of a phantom flower girl. The beautiful people on the benches watched her proceed with varying expressions of delight. All of their eyes, which were endless caverns of blackness, took in the sight of her now bloody dress and dead white roses with mirth and approval. Finally reaching the three steps where the women stood, Bella gazed behind her at the still opened doors. If she wanted, she could still leave the madness surrounding her. Somehow she knew no one would try to stop her. The only problem was… She looked up at the three women, who watched her with an almost desperate tinge to their composed expressions. Serene, she smiled at them in a way that was affectionate and reassuring, that of which they returned with pleased smiles of their own. …She didn't want to . Lifting a bloodstained foot, she placed it on the first step to the three women. Encased in moonlight, the lifeless crown on her head sprung to life within a second. Dark buds inched out from the vines, growing and spreading to fully mature black roses which released a sweet scent of death that made everyone in the crowd sigh with pleasure. Bella moved on to the second step, her feelings of bravery stronger than they had been. Immediately, her dress's pure white color changed into a ghastly brown. It was like a dying flower, gaining the texture of something hard but fragile. Spreading to every inch of the cotton fabric, a cracking sound pierced the silence with an ominous echo that sunk into the marble white pillars. Everyone, including the three women, observed as the dress shuddered with violent shakes and then abruptly burst apart. Bella was startled in place as she watched pure black silk instantly sprung from the white remnants of her previous garment. It trailed down her exposed body in smooth waves, almost touching the lapping edge of the blood lake. Pulled over the silk was bright red lace with detailed patterns displaying every variety of winter flowers there was. The guests watching from the benches whispered and visibly gushed over the new dress. A few women even twisted their red lips in bitter jealousy, their black eyes narrowing as they watched her with plain envy. In the darkest corners of her mind, Bella smiled vainly at the fact that the black dress she wore now was far more beautiful than the white dress she first had on. In the joy of the moment, she tossed the bouquet over her shoulder to the row behind her. Immediately, animalistic shrieks came from some of the women who rushed to get the rose bouquet first. Rotating her eyes back to the three women, Bella smirked and cocked her head in a coy manner. The golden-haired woman smiled back, and reached out her glowing hand for her to grab. Taking it with her left hand, Bella took the last and final step to her destiny. The moment both her feet was planted on the marble step, the smirking women pulled her back just as the curtains of the canopy untied from the poles and closed shut behind her. All of the light from the moon was gone instantaneously, substituted with a pitch-black darkness. Bella didn't feel scared though. The shadows comforted her; they were soft and soothing, like a childhood blanket. Swiftly, the cool hand clutching hers twisted her around and pulled her back into the cold chest of the woman who had helped her up the last step. She released her palm, preferring to wrap her arms around Bella's waist and embrace her closely. Two other pair of hands reached for her without hesitation as three mellifluous voices whispered in her heightened ears, "You're almost with us, amata. Just follow the trail of roses." Bella opened her mouth to ask them about the trail, but an abrupt flare of light in front of her sidetracked her thoughts. Feeling herself being pulled away from the darkness and backed into the light, she squeezed the hands that were in her own and snuggled closer in the arms that held her in place. " Don't worry. I'll find you," she whispered back before fading away into the growing light. Light was shining down on Bella's blurry eyes as she cracked an eyelid open with an aggravated scowl. Aimed down on her was the fabricated glow of a flashlight, which was gripped in the left hand of a smirking blonde girl. Irritation settling deep in her empty stomach, Bella glared up silently at Jessica who smiled back with an image of innocence while hiding two new dresses behind her back. Stonily silent, the brunette rose and perched herself on the edge of her hotel bed, and crossed her arms and legs with a growing frown that spoke volumes of her anger. Her friend stared back at her with a playful grin and a carefree attitude that only annoyed the brunette more. Jessica stared down at Bella with a determined expression on her face that made her looked like she would not crumble. However, it took only a narrowing of the brunette's dark eyes to finally break the strawberry blonde, who let out an exasperated groan while dropping her hands at her sides. "Bella, come on," Jessica moaned with a sagging of her shoulders. "You promised me once we did what you wanted to do, we do want I want to do." A soft sigh trailed out of the brunette's lips at her friend's whining. "First of all, thanks for waking me up from my nap so rudely. Second of all,