September 9th, 2018 The sun was barely rising when the door was blasted out. The three men inside the room had just enough time to turn their heads and quickly dive behind a nearby table before spells erupted from every direction. The youngest one took a quick glance at the door remnants, but the thick dust prevented anyone to see who was firing. With a grim look at each other, they all drew out their wands, waiting for the spell deluge to calm down, which proved to be quicker than expected. Their attackers seemed to think their targets must have been hit by a curse (and who could blame them, for there were ray of lights exploding everywhere for a full minute at least) and began to advance carefully into the devastated room. A man's voice could be heard in the sudden silence: "Wasn't that bad. Guess Jeanne was overestimating them..." With a smirk, the three wizards stood up at once and silently cast curses at the people who entered. The man on the right was blasted away across the room and hit the wall with a sickening noise; he spat blood as he fell on the ground. One curse hit a woman straight in the face; she crumpled with a shriek of agony. The third spell missed his target by inches, making a hole in the concrete wall behind. Fragments flew in every directions, knocking down two men who had begun to move to help the woman whose face was seemingly melting. The attackers, caught completely by surprise, began to retreat under constant fire; only one woman stayed, trying to help the poor witch writhing as scars and burns appeared on her face. The three men periodically tried to curse them too, but the Shield charm raised seemed to hold on. Suddenly, a blue ray flew across the air and hit the table behind which the wizards were taking shelter, reducing it to dust. Before they even had time to shield themselves, a dark cloud formed over their heads, and a powerful wind began to blow, knocking two of them to the ground and preventing them from standing up. The third pointed his wand to the crouching witch behind her Shield, but before he could even think of a spell, the floor under him seemed to melt, making him fall mid-chest in what was concrete seconds before. His fall had been such a surprise he didn't have time to adjust his position, and his wand was now stuck inside both his hand and the once again hard floor. Raising his head, he saw his defeater. She was neither tall nor small; she looked like she used to laugh easily when she was younger, but now only small wrinkles were left to prove it. She seemed to be in her mid-fifties, but something in her grey eyes betrayed her real age; she must have been at least 20 years older. Her short brown hair was dusty as many curses had hit the walls, and a long scar was running from her right ear down to her hand, which seemed to be stuck in a claw-like position. She stopped to make sure the curse hurting the other witch was over thanks to her protector, and crossed the room to check up on the unconscious man. With a quiet voice, she called the rest of the attacking group, and made a small sign to two of them. "Stéphane! Ambre! Please take care of him. He may have broken ribs; move him with care." The rest of the group divided in two; one going to the witch who was trying to calm down after the pain, and congratulating her protector for her courage, and the other going to the two incapacitated men struck by the wind. She then went to the sunken boy, who watched her with furor and resignation. "So you've finally found me, Jeanne. You must be so proud of yourself, right?" "Mister Launoy. For you, it will be 'Madame Cognazur', thank you." With a gracious heel-face turn, she began to walk away, checking how the two groups were doing. She clearly had led the attack. "The Minister will be very pleased to see you at least, and so will the Healers. I dare hope you will help us fix the damage you've done, Mister Launoy." He snorted. "As if you've got anything against me. The Aurors seem to attack anyone now, that's all I see... Or is it a crime to spend some time with friends without sending an express owl to the Justice Ministry?" Jeanne Cognazur turned back to him. She seemed to enjoy herself, even if her face remained quite neutral. "With friends? Of course not. But then you won't deny you know those two?" Launoy looked confused, and perhaps even angry after himself. A small grin could be seen on Jeanne's face. "You see, those two and I have a common friend. They seem to be well-known in England, and our friend has done a great deal to find them. May I introduce you? You may know him, though..." A man, who had been busy roping Launoy's two accomplices and securing their wands, came to Cognazur with a grim smile. "Rowle and Bode Jr won't be a problem anymore. I take it this is Mr Maxime Launoy?" The man was slightly taller than Cognazur, with messy jet black hair and green eyes behind round glasses. He gave Launoy a disgusted look. "Mr Maxime Launoy, this is Mr Harry Potter, my English friend. Harry, this is the third man you were looking for. We're going to have a long discussion..." July 5th, 2008 "Cognazur! Would you please come to my office?" The authoritative voice coming out of the chimney was met by a sigh as Jeanne stood up and began to walk to the now green fire. With a flick of her wand, the quill at her desk which was still writing a report stopped and stood still, waiting for the spell to be resumed. Shaking her head, she stepped into the fire and called "Minister Mekerbeche's Office!" before being warped into a burst of flames. Mekerbeche was a tall and slender man. He was quite old, but his eyes were still full of energy, and even his detractors agreed he thought before acting. He was reading a letter when Cognazur came out of his chimney with a small cloud of ash. "Sit down please" he told while dispersing the cloud with a small swish of his wand. "I've received news from Minister Shacklebolt." "Good or...?" "Both, actually. He seemed to have named Mr Harry Potter as head of the Aurors." "The contrary would have been surprising... He's got quite a reputation, and apparently didn't steal his job." "You're right. Potter has expressed the wish to create tight bonds with his continental counterparts. He is planning to come pay us a visit soon enough... Tomorrow, as a matter of fact. He is today in Ireland, if this enclosed planning is to be trusted." "And what are the bad news?" "His visit's reasons... According to this note, there are still Death Eaters on the loose. Potter seems to fear they are in hiding out of Britain... And thus probably in France." "Can't say I'm surprised. But if it's true, they were careful enough to keep quiet..." They stared at each other. Voldemort never extended his influence into France (Grindelwald did though, and this memory was still painful in many French minds), but they knew who he was and what he did. If some of his supporters were on the loose in France, then peaceful times were most probably behind them. "Another thing I wanted to say. Have you heard of Professor Veridian?" "Yes, of course. I went to his burial. He taught me, remember?" "I forgot." he admitted. "The thing is Olympe still hasn't found anyone to replace him." "You're not doing smalltalk here, right?" she said slyly. "No. I want you to go to Beauxbâtons and become the new Charms and Jinxes teacher." The silence following his words was so thick anyone would have sworn the office was empty. "Madame Maxime is very proud of her independence, and I quite agree with her." she said stiffly. "I am not planning to force her. But I'd like you to go and try. We need to protect the students." She couldn't help but agree with him. The only problem was that she had to be accepted as a teacher. Mekerbeche seemed to understand her worries and smiled gently. "I wouldn't be sending you if I didn't think you could do it. You have been head of Aurors for 6 years now with quite a record, and you won the Beauxbâtons duel tournament twice during your last two years. It would be surprising if Olympe turned you down." She smiled grudgingly. "Alright, alright. I'll attend the meeting with Potter tomorrow, and I'll leave to Beauxbâtons straight after that." "Thank you Cognazur. Any plans for tonight?" "Well... There's a match you know. Amiens Gothics versus Carnac Stonecarvers. Wouldn't miss that." Mekerbeche dismissed her with a wave and a broad smile. "Sure. Potter will be here tomorrow at ten. Try not to celebrate too much" "Seeing the last results, odds are I'm rather going to drown my sorrow in eau de vie..." The Minister laughed as the witch stepped back into the green fire, shouting "Auror's Office!". Back at her desk, she resumed the spell on her quill and began to read old files with a renewed interest. So Death Eaters were suspected to be here, in France. While she couldn't say the possibility never occurred to her, a small part of her had hoped the English would have kept them... But the chaos in which Wizarding England had been in 1997 had lasted until the last months of 1998 when Minister Shacklebolt finally succeeded in creating a full-fledged government and in stopping the last Death Eaters before they could achieve their plan to overcome again the Ministry. With all that, and the large number of Muggleborns witches and wizards who had crossed the Channel to escape the hell Britain had become, it was no wonder some of Voldemort's followers could have sneaked their way in. She sighed and leaned back in her chair. As if they didn't have their share of dark lunatics here. Last year she had arrested a warlock who had threatened to pour some Draught of Living Death into wine bottles if the Minister did not pass a Muggle-torturing bill. The resulting fight had made her right hand effectively unusable (luckily she was left-handed, otherwise the fight could have ended with a far worst result), but at least the wizard had been stopped. And now they would have to deal with the evilest English wizard's supporters? She had a nasty feeling years to come would be exhausting. Her quill raised and began to gently scratch her head, waiting for the rest of the report she would write. Seizing this opportunity to think of anything else, Cognazur began to dictate the conclusion of her report, pausing only once to take a sip from a glass of water on her desk. Once done, her mind began to wander again and stopped on Potter. She had heard of him, how he had defeated Voldemort 10 years ago, how he had risen within the ranks of the English Aurors, and of everything he had done since he had left Hogwarts. She remembered reading a note on him, and Summoned it with a negligent flick. A second later a sheet of parchment landed in front of her, and she began to read the various data they had collected on him, from his record as an Auror to his personal life. Near the end, a name caught her attention; apparently, one of his brothers-in-law had married a French woman named Fleur Delacour. She knew of her mainly thanks to her father who was the French