Minds and Hearts "The Revolution was affected before the War commenced. The Revolution was in the minds and hearts of the people" - John Adams Haymitch wasn't getting any younger, and maybe the best explanation for his agreeing to let the woman write his biography was that he wanted to have some say in how the world remembered him if it remembered him at all. "You don't know how much this means to me, Mr. Abernathy," the young scholar gushed. "Just meeting you is such an honor, but writing your biography borders on amazing!" Her toothy grin and rambling adulations both irritated and intrigued Haymitch. He wished he was the man she appeared to believe that he was. "Yeah, yeah. Let's get one thing straight right now, Freckles, I am no hero." Clarice almost fell from the porch step when Haymitch Abernathy called her 'Freckles!' Yes, freckles dotted her face, a fact that was evident every time she looked in a mirror and did not require any further emphasis. It had been years since anyone had made fun of her freckles. Was Haymitch Abernathy making fun of them? Should she be flattered that he gave her a nickname or insulted by the one he chose? And what of this denying that he was a hero? To Clarice, Haymitch Abernathy certainly was a hero and always would be. "So you've got some kind of advanced degree, have you?" Haymitch asked her as he leaned on the porch railing. He did not sound convinced that having such a degree represented anything positive. "Yes, Sir. I have a PhD in history," Clarice explained. Haymitch smiled mischievously. "Actually, you have two PhDs don't you, Freckles? One in history and one in psychology?" He crossed his arms smugly, proud of catching her in what he considered a lie. "Yes. But I thought the one in history was more relevant to writing this book," she deflected. Haymitch smiled again, took a few steps towards the door, and stopped. Clarice watched, wondering if he had changed his mind about letting her into his private world. But to her relief, Haymitch opened the squeaking front door of the house and gestured with his arm for Clarice to come inside. "Well, you can check that psychology degree right here at the door, Freckles, because I don't have any interest in being analyzed even if the person doing the analyzing did graduate from the Capitol's best university, twice." Clarice admired him, always had. Boundaries established early have the greatest meaning though, and she decided to set some as she entered the old victor's house. "Let me get something straight with you also, Mr. Abernathy," she began quietly. "I am honored to meet you and write this book, but I have no intention of being abused in this professional relationship of ours." Clarice felt her back straighten involuntarily as she finished stating her ground rules. Haymitch smiled one more time. What Clarice didn't know was that she was the twelfth historian who had attempted to write Haymitch's biography. Several of them had not made it past the front porch because Haymitch ordered them off his property for being generally annoying. "Certainly, Freckles. No problem," Haymitch agreed. I like this one, Haymitch thought. Maybe she can actually put up with me. / "I'm not going to talk about that," Haymitch maintained as their interview progressed. "You have to talk about your something, Mr. Abernathy. You've already said you won't talk about your relationship with Katniss Everdeen or Peeta Mellark." "They're married, you know. She doesn't go by Everdeen anymore." Clarice looked at him impatiently and sighed. In the Capitol women didn't change their names when they married, and she could not understand why a strong and self-assured woman like Katniss Everdeen would. Why would she want to give up her identity even if she did love Peeta Mellark and want to become his wife? Clarice didn't think she'd ever marry, and she supposed that a woman willing to change her name as Katniss Everdeen had must have dreamed of marrying her "prince charming" all her life. "Katniss Mellark then," Clarice corrected. "And what do you want to talk about, Mr. Abernathy?" Haymitch's heart lurched in his chest, and he hoped his anxiety didn't show on his face. He worked hard to maintain his façade of indifference, but answering her question would require him to let her see him for who he truly had been and who he really was. Sixteen: Haymitch felt a weight on his shoulder. He thrust the knife in his hand forward with all the force he could muster, which wasn't much. With the movement an excruciating pain seized him from the middle of his body, and he started to double over. But even that proved agonizing, and a moment later he stilled every muscle as his body tried to release the pain with a long involuntary moan. The weight grew lighter and moved to his face, running down the side of his cheek. " Don't worry. They'll patch you up." That's right. He was "safe," having been pulled from the arena by a hovercraft. How long ago was that? Minutes? Hours? Days? Haymitch pulled his eyelids apart just enough to see the blurry image of his mentor, Rainey. She loosened the knife from his hand, and he saw that it wasn't a knife at all but his token, a small oblong necklace that belonged to his sweetheart, Selena. Only in his fuzzy mind could it be mistaken for a knife. Selena had given him the necklace when she visited him to stay 'goodbye' at the justice building, but they had never said 'goodbye.' At first Selena had intertwined their fingers while the shock of being chosen in the reaping slowly rippled through him. As the realization that he would be dead in a few weeks hit him, she wrapped her arms around him tightly. Neither of them was foolish enough to believe that Haymitch had a chance to survive the Hunger Games. No matter how smart or strong Haymitch was, merely being from District 12 meant the odds were not in his favor. Selena stood by quietly as Haymitch held his mother and brother in his arms. Nobody asked her to leave. When Haymitch's mother fainted Selena fanned her with a piece of paper until the peacekeepers could carry her outside to get some air. Then without hesitation Selena returned to Haymitch's side. " I'll take care of her," she told Haymitch, and he could tell that Selena meant what she said. When all the things he hadn't said and done flooded his mind, overwhelming him with regrets, Selena was there beside him. Most of the regrets couldn't be remedied in the waning minutes of this 'goodbye,' not with his mother passed out, his brother panic-stricken, and his father long dead. " Selena, I want you to know that I've dreamed of us being together forever, and if I have any control over what I'm thinking when the time comes to leave, then I'll be thinking of you." Haymitch told her honestly. Selena knew he was talking about dying, not leaving the train station bound for the Capitol. She wanted to be strong for Haymitch but a troublesome lump began to form in her throat. She didn't want to imagine what the next few weeks would be like for him or for her. " I hope you have a happy life, a husband who truly loves you and a family if that's what you want. But will you do one thing for me?" Haymitch whispered, "Will you close your eyes?" Selena shut her eyes obediently, causing two large tears to roll down her cheeks. Anything for him right now, anything. And his request had been so simple. She only wished he hadn't seen her cry. " No, no Sweetheart," Haymitch explained. He placed his hands on either side of her face and gently wiped her tears away with his thumbs before kissing each closed eyelid solemnly. His own eyes closed reverently as his he touched her, and he wondered why this moment felt so incredibly intimate. " When it happens," he continued, his voice trembling, "whatever it is that happens to me, I want you to close your eyes so you don't see it and don't remember me that way." Selena couldn't bear it anymore. Her eyes flew open. She let her grief go, raking her fingers down his chest and pressing her lips against his frantically. They spent whatever time they had left that way, and when the peacekeepers finally pulled them apart Selena screamed for him. " Haymitch! Just come home, and we can be together forever. And I won't need to close my eyes. Just come home." But she did need to close them. When the insides of him spilled out from the wounds the career tribute inflicted she hid her eyes, her face, and her head in the folds of her skirt. If she could have Selena would have run from the viewing. The nearest peacekeeper granted her some mercy by not requiring her to look at the screen again until Haymitch "won." Then he roughly pulled her up by her chin to feign compliance with the mandatory viewing. / The phone at the training center hit the floor with a thud. Haymitch stumbled backwards and caught the bed with his hand. The rest of him slid down the side of the mattress until his rump finally hit the floor. He'd just lost everything that mattered to him, and he knew his life would never be the same. " Haymitch! Time to go. Where are you? You can't be late for this interview." Rainey called to him. Haymitch already had a reputation for being a bit rebellious, always thumbing his nose at the Capitol even in these early days of being a victor. And he hadn't played the game the way the Capitol had intended in the arena. Haymitch wondered if that's why his family had just been killed. He certainly knew that their deaths were no accident. Everyone in District 12 would know that, perhaps even the whole country. " Just a minute," he snapped. " No way; let's go!" Rainey, never one to respect boundaries or personal space burst into the room just as Haymitch buried his face in his open hands and drew his knees up to his chest. " What's gotten into you, boy? We have a job to do." " They killed them, all of them! Even Selena," He moaned. " Who? What are you talking about?" " You know who," he said angrily, hating the Capitol more with every syllable he spoke. "They killed my family." Then Rainey understood. She'd seen this before. The Capitol would take everything that still mattered to a victor if he stepped out of line for a moment. Rainey hadn't warned Haymitch at this early stage of his life as a victor, and now she knew she should have. / "My family, Freckles. I'd like to talk about them. Especially my brother," Haymitch answered. "He never got to make his mark on the world." Clarice laid her pencil down on her notebook. Perhaps she could still crack the defensive walls Haymitch had been maintaining during their interviews. So she listened hopefully and carefully. "He was eight years younger than me, so when I was reaped at sixteen he was eight years old." Clarice's gut tightened uncomfortably when he said the word "reaped." Being a history scholar she intellectually understood the processes involved in conducting the 75 Hunger Games that had taken place, but she'd never actually met a tribute. The few of them that still lived kept to themselves, especially Katniss Everdeen, Peeta Mellark, and Haymitch Abernathy. To imagine the man sitting before her at sixteen being taken from his home and placed in an arena to kill or be killed made bile rise into Clarice's throat. Outside the window Clarice caught a