[AN: This is an "Everlark" AU story set during World War II. I have tried to make it as authentic as such a thing can be. I hope you like it. I have about four chapters written so far, and the writing is going well. Thanks for reading.] Chapter 1: "Fire" Aboard B-29 Bomber (June, 1944) The plane bumps around so much that I drop the compass. It lands with a clang under my seat and begins bouncing around on the metal floor. After a minute or two I reclaim it by blindly reaching one hand under the sharp metal legs of the seat until my fingers touch it. A navigator's work is never done. Record this, record that. Check this map. Watch this flight path. Make sure we're on course. Check for any anomalies. What's the weather like? I'm good at it all because I'm meticulous by nature. My eyes squeeze shut for protection from the bright sunlight that's streaming through my station's window. But as my eyes adjust to the sun I see that the propeller on one of the engines has stopped moving. My heart skips a beat or two before I see flames begin to lap at the edges of the engine from within its core. "Engine fire," I whisper under my breath. Then I scream it. "Engine fire! Engine Fire!" I drop my compass and push my maps off my desk. Then I pick up the first heavy instrument on my desk that I can get my hand on and bang it against the metal wall as hard as I can, still yelling about the fire. Record this, record that. Where's the fire? What's our altitude? Much too high for this, that's what our altitude is! B-29's have not been in service that long, but my first impressions of them were all related to their tremendous size. The wings span 141 feet, and there are two engines on each wing. But at the moment the capacity of the fuel tanks comes hurling to the forefront of my mind. Thousands of gallons of fuel slosh around in the wing tanks alone. With open flames visible outside my window all I can think of is how that fuel threatens to explode at any moment. "John!" I shout to the pilot. I can see his hands fumbling with the controls. He knows what's happening, and he'll try to set us down safely. Everything will be fine. Suddenly, the propeller of the damaged engine snaps off and hits the side of the plane with a clatter. Flames shoot out from behind the wing. I push my whole body against the cold wall, as far from the window as I can get, as if that will save me. Denying the outcome of this flight any longer seems pointless. I grasp for anything solid to brace myself. The plane pitches hard and begins the rapid descent that I knew to be inevitable. I'm still screaming about the fire every few seconds, hoping any other crew members who are not aware of the fire already can hear me over the noise of the trembling metal plates of the plane. But if they are also calling out to me or each other, I can't hear any of them. Surely they all know by now. I see the boots of the gunner stationed above me as he slides down to my level of the plane, his eyes wide with fear. The second engine on our side of the plane suddenly erupts into flame. The plane drops again, knocking me from my feet and onto the metal floor but not pulling me from the metal bar I'm holding. No hope. We'll be a fireball in moments. I only hope we won't feel much. I look back to the cockpit. John's still trying to regain control. He turns his head. He's moving his mouth, but I can't hear him. The gunner is pulling on my arm and starting to shimmy down to the opening of the pressurized tube that connects the front and back sections of our plane. Beside it is the unpressurized cargo area where the bombs are stored. Out of the corner of my eye I can see John waving his hands at me, motioning for me to go with the gunner. John's a great pilot, highly dedicated. He won't bail out with any of us still onboard. But I'm afraid his devotion will only get him killed this time. If anyone gets out of this bomber alive, it's going to be by jumping. The gunner pulls my arm, and I follow him into the tube. The next few moments run together. One second I'm on the plane, hoping it doesn't explode before we reach an altitude low enough for bailing out safely. The air's full of smoke, making knowing when to jump almost impossible. The next moment, I'm pulling my chute and sucking in a deep breath for what feels like the first time since I saw the flames lapping around the edges of the first damaged engine. My parachute catches the wind and violently pulls me back. My eyes dart from one section of sky to another, but I don't see a single other parachute even as the plane and I grow further apart and the smoke clears. The inferno that is our plane grows larger with every second. Even though I'm well clear of the flames, my skin burns, making me writhe with pain as I hang from the parachute straps. I make noises like blowing out a candle and try to pull my legs upward without even thinking about how stupid that is. And even though I try not to look at the horror unfolding as the plane plummets into the open field below me, I hear it. No parachutes. I'm the only one. How can I be the only one? The very air shakes as the huge plane explodes where it burns on the ground. The fuel that spills into the water ignites, making the water glow unnaturally with flames. The fire ball rivals anything I've seen in more than two years as an airman. Debris and dark gray smoke shoot straight up into the sky several times as explosions continue to rip through the debris covered field. I twist my fingers around my parachute straps nervously as I realize the fire also serves as my entire crew's funeral pyre. They're gone. All of them. I'm alone. I'm the navigator, and I know for certain that we were much too far away to be picked up on radar or visualized by anybody who could readily help me. My feet dangle over the shallow clear water of the rice paddy field I'm floating toward. I imagine the water splashing onto my boots and soaking through my uniform. What will I do after that? I know exactly where I am and could point it out on a map, but this is such a remote area. What will I do when I reach the ground? This part of rural China is controlled by the Japanese. Although Japan has not been able to conquer all of China they have captured and occupied much of the eastern side of the country. I'm nowhere near any allied base. Our missions are very long-range and bring us into enemy controlled territory often. My closest realistic help is probably hundreds of miles from here. I continue to drift toward the ground, and when my feet finally touch the earth I hear a sickening crack and immediately fall into the shallow water. The parachute spreads out behind me, then on top of me. I flail my arms to push it off of my face before gathering it into my arms. / I wake with a searing pain shooting through my thigh. It hurt when I first fell, but not like this. I suspect I've been unconscious instead of asleep. My head throbs, and I seem to remember it hitting something metal during the fire on the plane. A metal bar, perhaps? My uniform snagged on something as well. I don't remember details. All the details blur, and perhaps they should if I'm to survive this. My fingers dig into the mud and intermingle with the tangled roots of the water plants. Bending the leg that's not injured at the knee I try to get up from the water, but my head spins. I quickly drop back down. Muddy water splashes my face, and I instinctually pull my head up again and rip a few water plants out of the mud in response. The sudden movement sends my head spinning for a second time, and I gasp. I'm not drowning. It's just a little water. I'm okay. Maybe not okay. But I'm not drowning. That's when I see her. She looks like a shadow against the gray smoke billowing through the sky above us. Her shirt appears to be a dusty blue color, making her even harder to see. Her dark, piercing eyes stare at me with what I think is curiosity. Her hair is pinned back, but a few strands fall onto her forehead as she leans over me. Her eyes sit somewhat close to either side of the bridge of her small nose, which makes her look even more mysterious…and, well, beautiful. Though injured and frightened I can still appreciate a pretty face. Just after my eyes meet hers she kneels and holds her hand briefly over my forehead before dropping it into the tangled curls of my hair. They must be matted together because as she begins pulling her fingers apart to free them from one another I feel a gentle pull on my scalp. Then she runs her fingers through easily. It feels oddly intimate because her touch is slow, tender, and methodical. And honestly, it's been a long time since any woman has so much as brushed against me much less purposely touched me. But I get the impression she's just curious. In rural China, and sometimes even in large cities, most people have never met a person with blonde hair. This isn't a sensual touch, at least not for her. I wonder silently, when she tires of playing with my hair, will she finish me off? I mean, will she kill me? Or bring her father, husband, or brother back to kill me? Perhaps turn me over to authorities for money? I shudder. The girl must feel it. She stills her hand on my forehead, and miraculously my head stops spinning. I exhale slowly. But something catches in my throat. Perhaps it is the smoke. I raise my head and cough violently, displacing her hand and causing her to lean away. Each cough is accompanied by a stabbing pain in my head, and I finally moan in frustration when the coughs subside. The girl watches, and she quickly places her hand in its former position on my forehead when I become still. As the smoke clears I can see her other hand is streaked with blood as well as water, and it trembles against my side when she lays it on my shoulder. An earsplitting boom causes her to jerk her hands away from me. The plane. The fuel tanks. On fire. Everything ablaze, I'm sure. I wonder how many explosions there will be before the fire burns itself out in the shallow water of the rice paddy. Suddenly, I feel the water splashing around me. The girl stands. As her clothes drip water and mud onto my face and arm I notice the fresh red blood stains on her sleeve. They must be my blood, but I don't know where I'm bleeding. Tiny lines form between the woman's thin eyebrows, as if she doesn't really want to do what she's thinking of doing. Then she turns and takes off running without a sound other than the splashing of her feet through the water. I call to her, "Wait! Wait! Stop!" She doesn't