I Will Love You Always SeverusxLily Rated T Disclaimer : I do not own Harry Potter or its characters from the franchise. That honor belongs to JK Rowling I Will Love You Always Lily stood on the pier watching as the waves roared and splashed against each other while the heavy rain pelted down upon her, soaking her through her clothes until they clung to her. Her fiery red hair was also stuck to her face as the wind howled around her. Her usually bright green eyes had lost their light and were now filled with pain and sadness, her eyes rimmed red from the hot tears she was crying and hated how they mixed with the rain on her face. Many people that passed by wondered why this woman was standing in the pouring rain and staring out to sea and not inside where her husband of five months waited for her to return. However as he decorated the table with a pristine white cloth, two candles, and rose petals while a romantic dinner was on the brink of being finished, his wife decided that she wasn't going to return, not when she knew she could never be truly happy with him. Green eyes looked up to the dark, grey sky as Lily thought about what day it was. After all it's not like she could forget it; it rained on this day without fail every year, just as it had for the past five years since…since… "Sev," Lily said brokenly as a sob escaped her mouth as she thought of her friend and love. " Sev!" Lily called as she ran across the courtyard to her friend. She ignored the hisses, jeers, and insults of her fellow third years from Slytherin House as she approached her tall friend. Severus looked up from the book he was reading and he smiled at her, his black eyes taking a shine to look almost brown. Closing his book he wrapped his arms around Lily as she slammed herself into him for a hug, her red hair flying behind her gracefully. Lily giggled and looked up at Severus, asking, "Are you excited to go to Hogsmeade Saturday?" " Of course, because I'm going with you," Severus answered truthfully, laughing when Lily's face turned bright pink. Like Lily, he couldn't wait for Hogsmeade. " Don't listen to them, Sev. They are just being rude as usual. You are ten times the wizard that they will ever be, and there is no way you'll ever follow You-Know-Who," Lily said as the Mauraders walked past the table they were sitting at in The Three Broomsticks, James and Sirius insulting Severus on the spot, calling him stupid and a poor excuse of a wizard, and calling him a future Death Eater. Severus looked up from the Butterbeer he was sharing with Lily and smiled at her, saying, "I never do, but thanks for the reassurance anyway, Lily-flower." Lily smiled as she hugged her friend, but was shocked into oblivion when Severus planted a sweet kiss on her cheek. She pulled away to stare at the dark haired boy as he took a sip of their Butterbeer. Severus wasn't particularly touchy-feely and had just started hugging Lily last year. And now he was suddenly kissing her on her cheek? Black eyes turned to look at her and regarded her strangely. Severus tilted his head and asked, "Are you alright, Lily?" " Y-Yeah," Lily stammered, her face turning redder than her hair. " Hey Lily, I um, I need to ask you something," Severus started as they sat doing their Potions homework in the library. Lily looked up from her report and smiled, brushing some of her hair behind her ear as she said, "Sure, Sev. What is it?" Severus appeared nervous to Lily and it seemed like he was taking time to get his bearings together. Finally he said, "As you know, the Yule Ball is next week and students Year Four and up can go. So, I was wondering, if you wanted to of course, would you like to be my date for the ball?" He really hoped Lily said 'yes'. He had had a crush on Lily since they were twelve and he realized just last week that he was in love with her. Was he a little young to be feeling this way? Maybe, after all he was fourteen, but he knew what he felt. He had never felt this way before about a girl and he realized that only Lily Evans could make him feel this way. Lily's eyes widened as she heard what her best friend just asked her. He wanted to go to the Yule Ball with her? She couldn't believe it and she was sitting right here. Her best friend, her crush, was asking her to be his date for the best night of the year. Before she could stop herself she let out a squeal and leaned across the table, her arms instantly wrapping around the Slytherin's neck. Hugging him close she answered, "I would love to, Sev! I would really love to!" Severus grinned widely as he returned Lily's hug, ignoring the looks of their peers that were frowning disapprovingly at them. But he didn't care one bit; the most important person in his life other than his mother was going to be his date to the Yule Ball. Lily smiled happily as she laid her head on Severus' shoulder while they slow danced. They had gotten numerous amounts of surprised, confused, and disgusted looks when they had walked into the Great Hall arm in arm, Severus' tie for his dress robes coinciding with the color ball dress Lily wore, making it obvious to everyone that they were each others' dates for the night. No one else was more ticked off by it than James Potter, Sirius Black, Lucius Malfoy, and the rest of Gryffindor and Slytherin that had a problem with them being around each other all the time. However it didn't matter to her; she was quite happy where she was right now. Severus stopped their swaying for a moment and softly said, "Come outside with me." The redhead smiled and nodded and allowed Severus to take her hand and pull her out of the Great Hall and towards the entrance to the giant castle. They walked outside on the grounds for a bit coming upon the Herbology greenhouse. Lily looked up when she noticed that it was snowing before looking at her best friend. " What is this about, Sev?" she asked him curiously. Severus' face had taken on a pink hue before he mumbled, "Just do it already, Severus." Lily frowned and asked, "Do what?" Black eyes stared into green before her question was answered, though not with words. Thin, yet surprisingly soft lips gently pressed against her own in a surprising kiss. Lily's eyes widened in surprise as she felt her heart begin racing in her chest before she closed her eyes and returned Severus' kiss, her arms wrapping around his neck as his arms wrapped around her waist. Snow gently fell upon them, seeming to actually wrap around them as though being manipulated by magic. The two of them didn't pull away until their lungs were begging for air and when they did they were both gasping for breath. Lily stared up at Severus before she giggled and said, "I want to your girlfriend, Severus Snape." " Good, because I want to be your boyfriend, Lily Evans," Severus replied with a smile, everything about him seemingly brighter in the moonlight. He chuckled when Lily reached up and kissed him once more before he suggested they go back inside. And as they walked hand in hand back to Hogwarts, Lily couldn't help but think that nothing could make her feel otherwise about the boy she was now dating. " James Potter, stop it right now!" Lily called out as she rushed to the front of the crowd that was surrounding the Mauraders and her boyfriend. When she finally pushed through the ground she gasped at what she saw. Severus was hanging upside down in the air with his robes hanging over his head and his trousers around his ankles. She looked around for Severus' wand and found in twirling in Sirius' hand. Growling she took her own wand out and sent a Stinging Hex at all of the Mauraders, including Lupin for doing nothing, hitting them all and making them cry out in pain. Thanks to her distraction James dropped Severus to the ground and she rushed over to him to make sure he was alright. " Damn it, Evans! You didn't have to do that!" James cried. He then smirked and said, "After all, we were just putting Snivellus in his place." Lily glared at the boy and said, "You are absolutely horrid, you arrogant toerag. You have no right to be doing this, and why Professor hasn't punished you for continuing to do so is beyond me. Why can't you just get it through your head that I don't like you and never will? I don't understand why any girl would want to be with a spoiled brat who throws a temper tantrum when he doesn't get his way, anyhow." She knew her words had struck several nerves when she saw James flinch and frown, him taking on a hurt expression before leaving, followed by Sirius, Peter, and Remus who hesitated before following. The crowd, realizing that there was nothing left to see, dispersed as well leaving Lily and Severus alone. Lily let out a sigh as she began to help Severus untangle his robes from around himself. She knew her boyfriend was being influenced by his fellow Slytherins to follow You-Know-Who and he seemed to be rather distant as of late. She was doing all she could to keep Severus from going down the Dark Path, but she didn't know how much longer she could hold out until the boy she cared for dearly was lost to darkness. Severus had heard everything that Lily had said and felt humiliated that she had to come to his rescue in front of everyone that was a witness. He was never going to be able to live this down for the rest of his Hogwarts career and suddenly felt angry. He had been feeling angry since the summer due to his mother's passing and he knew Lily was just trying to help, but he was pushing her away despite her help. It didn't help that the Slytherins were expecting him to follow the Dark Lord and truth be told, he was thoroughly considering it. He hadn't told Lily, but he knew that she knew he was. There was too much going on for Severus at the moment. He was still dealing with his mother's death and was being pressured to take the Dark Mark and become a Death Eater. It was bad enough he was still getting tormented by the idiots of Gryffindor House at fifteen years old, but the final straw was being humiliated in front of everyone and being saved by a girl. Growling in frustration he finally ripped his robe off and stood, yanking his trousers up as Lily looked up at him in concern. He gathered his books and wand that Sirius had dropped before stalking back towards the castle. " Sev, Sev wait!" Lily called, but he continued to ignore her. She caught him right before he entered the castle and said, "Severus, wait. What's wrong?" Finally snapping Severus yelled, "You didn't have to do that! I could have handled myself, Lily!" Lily stared at her boyfriend for a moment before frowning, replying sarcastically, "Oh yes, you definitely had everything under control." " Don't mock me, Lily." " Severus, you needed help from those jerks. You should be grateful that I helped you." " I don't need you to come to my aid all of them time!" "