Hogwarts Helps Summary: Hogwarts felt their tears pooling within her, she felt their ache and pain, and she gathered her magic and created a door. Takes place after the final chapter before the epilogue Disclaimer: As much as I wish I could live in/own the Potterverse, sadly, I do not. Nor do I make any monetary profit from this slight alteration of a great piece of fiction. A/N: This was originally a 'Characters read their own books' story. It was removed by our Hosts for using song lyrics (which it Did Not have, Spirits does). So I jumped ahead in my planning to what I would have written after they finished reading the 7 books ... a time-travel fic. ENJOY! P.S. Chapter one is nearly identical to the original Hogwarts Helps. P.P.S. Special, uber, mondo, gigantic, colossal, enormous, humongous, MEGA thanks to Kitty279 for having saved the original story and sending it to me, YOU ROCK! Chapter One Heartache and Healing " I'm putting the Elder Wand," he told Dumbledore, who was watching him with enormous affection and admiration, "back where it came from. It can stay there. If I die a natural death like Ignotus, its power will be broken, won't it? The previous master will never have been defeated. That'll be the end of it. Dumbledore nodded. They smiled at each other. " Are you sure?" said Ron. There was the faintest trace of longing in his voice as he looked at the Elder Wand. " I think Harry's right," said Hermione quietly. " That wand's more trouble than its worth." said Harry. "And quite honestly," he turned away from the painted portraits, thinking now only of the four-poster bed lying waiting for him in Gryffindor Tower, and wondering whether Kreacher might bring him a sandwich there, "I've had enough trouble for a lifetime." As the three friends slowly made their way through the wreckage of the once beautiful castle, making several detours around damaged floors and ceilings, they each fell deep into their own thoughts. Harry, though he tried not to, was reliving the brief moments he'd had with his family, with his parents, Sirius, and Remus. Already wishing to see them again, he knew he would not go searching for the stone, but the powerful yearning in his chest would not be ignored. And his thoughts constantly returned to them. Ron was still in a state of shock, he now realized how blind he'd been through the war. He saw those he knew and cared for falling around him, but he honestly never thought any of his family would be hurt. It had scared the life out of him when Bill had been mauled, and still he believed that the Weasley Clan would come out whole in the end. The death of Fred, right before his eyes, had shocked him to his very core, and he could not erase the image of Fred's last ghost of a smile from his mind's eye, and the anguished cry of George as he discovered the death of his twin was echoing over and over in his head. Hermione, ever the clever witch, could tell from the expressions flitting across the faces of her best friends that they were in enormous pain, and trying to hide it. Her heart broke for them both and she ached to sooth their hurt. Then, there we're her parents to consider. If she couldn't find them, and retrieve their memories, she didn't know what she would do. As well as what they would do if and when she did restore them; would they hate her for what she had done? She missed them dearly and longed to be wrapped in their soothing embrace again. The three were so focused on their thoughts and memories that they almost collided with two hunched figures standing before a large pile of debris. The ceiling and outside wall had collapsed here and the remaining walls had been scorched black by fire. There was an iron rod dangling from the broken wall that had once held a tapestry, but it had been burned completely away. Dust and bits of stone were still falling around them. Harry looked into the dirtied and bloodied faces of the two, and was shocked to find it was George and Neville. He looked to Neville in askance, knowing that George would never talk in the state he was in; he was surprised he had actually left Fred's ... body. Neville breathed a deep painful sigh, "He had to get away. He was on the verge of a complete breakdown." He looked with pain filled eyes at the rubble before them, "We walked for about five minutes, maybe less, and he suddenly had to come here. He couldn't be talked out of it." Harry suddenly realized they were at the collapse where Fred had died, on the seventh floor. He looked again to George and reached out tentatively to take his elbow, "Come on, mate. It's not safe here." George made a half turn to leave before stopping and staring at a spot some two feet in front of him, "I-I'll miss you ... Fred." He whispered, "All the ... f-fun ... we could have had ... the j-jokes." Suddenly he sank to his knees, wrapping his arms around himself and sobbed, "Why did you do it! Why did you leave me alone! We swore we'd n-never leave each other alone! I can't do this ... I c-can't be j-just George ... I n-need my t-twin back, I'm n-not whole without you! We were m-made to be t-two halves of a whole ... I c-can't be just one half of G-g-gred and F-f-f-forge!" He doubled over, dropping his forehead to the floor, his body wracked with soul deep sobs. The four others in the hall had each fallen to the floor, weeping for not only George's loss, but for their own as well, as Neville too, had a loss of family that cut him just as deeply as the others. Hermione and Ron were clinging to each other, cheeks pressed together, and tears mixing and streaming down their faces, falling from their chins. Harry was leaning back against the undamaged wall, his knees tucked to his chest; his tears spilled from his emerald eyes and fell unchecked to the floor. Neville was beside George in much the same position as Harry, though is arms were crossed over his knees and his head was down, his tears cascaded down his hands to drip off his fingertips. The mourners in the hall seven floors below them all raised their eyes to the ceiling as the image of the sky above them went dark and disappeared, revealing the arched wood and stone ceiling beneath the enchantment. Throughout the castle, portraits were freezing in their frames, torches were dimming, and moving staircases ground to a halt. In the crumbled corridor on the seventh floor, the five distraught teens wept on; unaware of the magic pooling around them until the wall started to glow. Hardly noticeable at first, the entire inner wall that they could see began to glow a pale gold. Hermione noticed it first, and her gasp immediately alerted the others. Harry scrambled away as the glow intensified. Before long they could see tendrils of magic swirling and flowing down the wall to collect at a point in the centre of the wall and directly in front of them. As the magic brightened again they shielded their eyes and backed up as far as they could, still mindful of the missing wall behind them. With a sudden pulse of magic felt throughout the castle, the grounds, and the Village below, a rather plain wooden door appeared in the wall. Harry, Ron, Hermione, Neville, and finally George stepped towards the door and peered closely at it. It seemed to be just a door, wooden with rounded corners at the top and a round, globe-like, golden knob. Harry reached tentatively for the knob and lightly tapped his forefinger on top of it once, twice, three times; before grasping the whole thing and giving it a turn. The door clicked open and Harry swung it inwards. Within was a rounded room with soft, overstuffed, royal purple chairs, couches, and settees set in a wide half circle around what looked like a giant marble pensieve set in the centre of the room. As they stepped further into the room and up to the pensieve the door shut quietly behind them with a soft click. They spun around and had taken a step as one back towards the door, when there was a soft chime from the pensieve. Turning again to face it, they were amazed by what they saw within the basin. Standing in the centre of the pensieve, head held high, was Fawkes. The phoenix had not been seen since Dumbledore's funeral and many had assumed he would never return. Trilling a soft note that immediately soothed and calmed the five, Fawkes spread his fiery wings and sang. But, when he sang, the teens were amazed to find they could understand him, as if he were speaking words, "Fret not, my children. Hogwarts has heard your pain and had done what she could to alleviate it. Within this room she has given you the opportunity to reunite with those you have lost." George gave a choking gasp at these words and Fawkes nodded, "Yes, dear ones, it has taken a great deal of her magic but she has achieved it." Fawkes looked to the ceiling briefly and then to the door, "Those from beyond the veil approach." The five in the room spun around to the door again and gaped as it opened to reveal unnatural darkness and a freckled hand grasping the knob. Into the room stepped Fred Weasley. George gave a strangled sob and launched himself into the open, waiting arms of his twin. They held each other in vice-like grips, neither willing to let go of the other, squeezing their chests together as if to fuse themselves together as one. Teetering on legs weakened from emotion, they tipped sideways to the small couch situated closest to the door, and themselves. As they did so the view to the still open door was revealed. Harry blinked and fell to his knees. Standing there in the doorway was Sirius, Remus, Tonks, and his parents. They rushed to him as he fell and the door closed behind them. Harry could hardly believe his eyes and was fearful of touching any of them lest they disappear and he awake. Finally he reached out a shaking hand and brushed his fingers against the open palm of his mother. Lily Potter broke into a watery smile as Harry choked back a sob and leapt from the floor into her embrace. He flung out an arm and wrapped it around his father's shoulders, pulling him into the hug. Reaching out with his other hand he caught Remus' arm and dragged him into the group. With both arms occupied he could only send a pleading glance to Sirius and Tonks and they joined the cluster. Neville, Ron and Hermione all stood in various states of shock. These people had died, some of them right in front of their eyes, and yet here they were, happily embracing the two boys for all they were worth. Fawkes trilled again and they turned to him, noticing that his wings were closed again, "Neville Longbottom. Your circumstances are quite unique, quite the challenge for Hogwarts to overcome." Neville hung his head, his shoulders shaking. "Never fear, dear boy! For, she has done it! Look to the door!" as Fawkes spread his wings again Neville spun around so fast he almost overbalanced. Catching himself on Ron's outstretched arm, he stared in awe and wonderment as the door opened again and revealed the healthy, happy forms of his parents. Alice Longbottom was already in tears as she ran to her son and