A/N: This is basically just my take on the development of Nico and Will's relationship through the first year. It's a series of firsts that occurred inside the Hades cabin (not like that you pervs), as seen from their point of view. I have thought my other story, Hey You, to be a sort of continuation for this, as that is where they have another first (yes like that you pervs), and I'd appreciate it if you read that after this one. I have included here some of my favorite headcanons of the two. And I dare say I'm really proud of how this turned out. So please read and review. :) The first time that Will held Nico's hand (that one time on the Half-Blood Hill during a war didn't count – there was nothing romantic about baby satyrs and that hideous tropical shirt), he didn't exactly ask for permission. Nico wasn't big on physical contact, that much Will had figured out during the last few weeks, and he kept touching to the minimum. Apart from the occasional check for pulse or spread of healing cream on a bruise Will kept his distance to Nico, and he was okay with that. He figured he'd just have to find other ways to show the boy his ever growing affection. After a while, though, Nico stopped flinching away from his touch. The son of Hades stopped trying to get as far away as he could and started sitting closer at campfires. He stopped shaking like a leaf every time Will got close to him and started hanging out in the infirmary just to be near him. He stopped pulling his hand back right the second he thought Will had gotten his pulse and started to linger. And there were smiles – barely a tug on the boy's lips, but clearly there, always sent towards Will, never to anyone else. Will was positive none of the other campers even knew if Nico di Angelo actually knew how to smile. But Will knew that Nico did smile, and that smile was breathtaking. The two of them had taken to hang around in Nico's cabin. Nico still didn't feel comfortable in crowds, but Will sensed that both of them felt the urge to spend time together. The Hades cabin was in serious need of redecorating from the whole Dracula scheme, and at first the project gave them a chance to get to know each other. Later, when the cabin had long since been finished, they just simply stayed behind. Talking, or not talking, and sometimes just looking at each other and trying to figure the other out. Sometimes, like on that particular afternoon, Nico would sit at his desk learning about burial rites in different cultures, and Will would sit on top of the desk, leaning his back against the wall and reading a medical book or one of Nico's many books. (Annabeth had tried to suggest Nico get a real book case, but he had refused, so the books were just lying around the cabin in neat piles.) They'd stay in silence – apart from Will's occasional humming, which Nico didn't mind as much as he said he did – and would only look up from their respective works hours later, at the sound of the horn informing dinner. This time, however, Will wasn't really reading. Yes, he was holding the pre-med chemistry book he'd found from the infirmary, and it was open in his lap, but he hadn't turned a page in half an hour. He wasn't even looking at the book anymore. He was looking at Nico, the way the boy's black hair cast shadows on his forehead, and the faint spray of freckles that had only emerged a few days ago. Nico was leaning on his left elbow, and his right hand was lying on the desk next to Will (really very close to his thigh, actually), and every so often a frown appeared on the young boy's face, when he read something he didn't entirely understand. Will thought the son of Hades looked like an angel (which, of course, sounded corny even in his own head, and was also kind of ironic, considering Nico's last name). He felt a small fond smile appear on his face, and didn't bother hide it. "Stop looking at me like that", Nico suddenly mumbled, not even looking up from his book. A tint of pink had appeared on his cheeks, hiding the barely there freckles, but Will didn't mind – Nico looked just as beautiful with a blush as he did with freckles. Will just continued smiling. "Like what?" Nico huffed, but didn't answer. He continued reading, and slowly, very slowly, the blush left his cheeks. Will didn't even think of turning his gaze away. He felt like he couldn't get enough of Nico, and all he could do was stare. The silence between them was comfortable, even after Nico made it clear he was aware of Will's staring, and it almost felt like time had stopped entirely. Will almost wished it did stop. Calm and quiet, peaceful moments like these had been so very rare for the past few years, and Will wanted to make the most of this one. After a while Nico turned another page on his enormous book, and laid his hand back on the table between them. He started silently tapping on the wood, not really making a noise but certainly drawing Will's attention from his face. Nico had long, elegant fingers, a lot like a pianist, and for a while it almost looked like he was playing without keys. Will was fascinated. Without saying anything, Will slowly reached out and touched the back of Nico's hand with his fingertips. Nico took in a sharp breath, surprised, but didn't pull his hand away. That was a good sign, right? Will traced the barely visible vains under the still too pale olive skin, carefully keeping his touch light as a feather, the smile never leaving his face. He drew meaningless patterns on the pale skin of the boy's wrist, marveling on how surprisingly warm Nico's hand was under his, then slowly turned Nico's hand around. "Wh-what are you doing?" Nico's voice was small, merely a whisper, and he had finally turned his eyes from the book and was now looking at their hands. Will smiled at the deep red on Nico's cheeks, feeling his own face heat up quickly, too. "What does it look like I'm doing?" he asked with a voice just as small as he laced their fingers together. Nico responded to his touch without a second thought, and Will was at awe when he realized how perfectly the smaller boy's hand fit in his. "Yes, but…" It sounded almost like Nico was afraid to speak up, afraid to break the spell. Wll felt the same. "But why ?" Will chuckled quietly and felt his blush deepen at how nervous he sounded. "Because I want to, you dense dork." Nico could have stopped him. He could have taken his hand away from Will, or told the other boy to stop, or even asked Will to leave, but he didn't. He didn't even flinch, and instead he slowly turned back to his reading, still letting Will hold his hand, and once he was fully relaxed, he gave Will's fingers a light squeeze. It wasn't much at all, but it was still a big reassurance, and it was enough to make Will smile brighter than before. They could have stayed like that for hours – Will finally returning to his book while still stealing a warm glance at the son of Hades every now and then, and Nico deep in thought and letting go of Will's hand only to turn a page and then immediately taking hold of his fingers again. It was a small change for some, maybe, but to them it felt huge, and every once in a while Will noticed one of those tiny smiles tugging at the corners of Nico's mouth. At some point Will started tracing his thumb in a soft caress, and heard a barely audible sigh leave the younger boy's lips, so quiet Will wasn't sure if he'd just imagined that. Soon – way too soon – the sound of dinner call broke their small bubble of bliss, and Nico's whole person snapped like coming out of a trance. He quickly stood up from his chair, letting go of Will's hand in the process, and started gathering his stuff in neat piles on the desk. He didn't look up even after he had moved the same book three times around the desk. Will couldn't help but feel a little disappointed at the sudden change. He had been feeling the progress in their relationship (or was it still just a friendship, neither of them really knew), but was afraid he had read too much into the situation. "Nico – " "I'm sorry", Nico said hastily, not looking at Will. "I mean, not sorry about – about that ", he gestured somewhat vaguely to the general direction in which their hands had been tangled on the desk before running his fingers nervously through his hair. "Sorry about… sorry." To someone else, Nico's babbling wouldn't have made any sense. But Will had learned to read Nico's body language and moods better than the others in camp, and had a general idea of what Nico meant. "Okay, well, what is it, then?" he asked, even though he could pretty much guess what the problem was, now that Nico didn't seem to mind him holding his hand back there. (Will was unnecessarily happy about that.) Nico took a few deep breaths, and Will didn't push it. "It's… I mean, that was nice", Nico mumbled, and his face turned red once more. "That – that thing we just did. Really… really nice. But…" Will watched as the son of the Underworld struggled to find words, waiting patiently to fully understand what this was all about. "Can we not, I mean – I hope we wouldn't – you know… out there." Another vague gesture, this time towards the door. "I mean, it's okay here – more than okay, really… but just…" As Nico fell silent (and looked extremely nervous, fumbling with the strings on his hoodie and staring at his shoes and looking unbelievably adorable), Will had a feeling he understood. Nico didn't like to be touched, and he didn't like crowds. It wasn't exactly a surprise he wouldn't like public displays of affection that much, either. Will felt privileged to be one of the only people (or, rather, the only person) who could touch Nico without the boy immediately flinching away. And yet… "Okay, sure, but why, exactly?" Will made sure to keep his voice steady and understanding, so that Nico wouldn't feel like he was prying or forcing him into anything, even if he felt slightly hurt about the fact Nico didn't want to hold his hand in public. "It's not like it wouldn't be as nice", Nico said, but then scrunched his nose. "No, wait. It wouldn't – I mean", he ran his fingers through his hair, desperately looking for a way to make Will understand what he was trying to say. "It's just – this , this thing, it's…" And then, when Will had almost come to the conclusion that Nico didn't make any sense after all, the son of Hades sighed heavily. "It's private ." Will almost had to smile at that. So this was a thing, now? "Care to elaborate? And please, Sunshine, use your words." Nico gave him a quick annoyed look, but still didn't meet his eyes. "I mean that it's no one else's business what we do." It was almost scary how red Nico's face now was. "It's private. And it's not like I don't know that most of the other campers already believe we're dating – " something they