A/N: I'm back again with yet another AU! Soulmate AU is my jam; pretty much any version makes me grin like an idiot. Enjoy! When Nico gets the first letter of his supposed soulmate's name, he's fourteen and positively pissed off. "Is it a W or an M ?" Leo asks, turning his head from side to side and squinting his eyes. Piper slaps the back of his head, and Nico rolls his sleeve back down angrily. "What? It's a valid question!" "But it's not the point !" Nico growls, feeling his whole face turn from pink to a shade that is probably closer to purple than red. He kicks the gravel and thinks about spitting to the ground, but doesn't do it because he knows Jason and Piper won't like it. "The whole soulmate thing is stupid. Who says I even wanted a soulmate? I don't need some fucking idiot – " "Since when do you swear?" Sounds like that's Jason's biggest problem. "Is it because it's not a P ?" Leo teases, and Nico wants to strangle the guy. He doesn't even like Leo, and he doesn't understand why they keep ending up hanging out together. "Because I hate to break it to you, buddy, but he already has all of his letters, and they don't spell Nico di Angelo ." Jason grabs Nico's shoulder to keep him from attacking Leo physically. "Leo, that joke got old two years ago. Give it a rest." Jason doesn't say anything about the way Nico still blushes whenever Percy talks to him, and if Nico wasn't so pissed off he'd be grateful. "And who cares if it's a W or an M ? We'll just have to wait and see." Easy for you to say , Nico thinks once he's on his way back home. Jason is two years older, and he's gotten his letters in an abnormally fast speed. He already has Piper's whole first name, and she has most of Jason's, getting letters on a weekly basis now, so they're pretty sure they've found each other already and all is sunshines and rainbows and cotton candy for them. Nico is fourteen and he has a stupid crush on a guy that's three years his senior and also his cousin, and he's got his first letter but that doesn't make anything better. He lied a little, when he said he doesn't care about soulmates. He does care, just not as much as most people seem to. The idea of there being someone out there designed just for you, someone who is your perfect match, someone who will be your best friend, your other half, whatever you need them to be… Even Nico has to admit that it's intriguing. But Nico isn't sure he wants to know who his soulmate is. What if they don't like him? What if they only like him because they're supposed to like him, to be soulmates? What if they end up being someone he already knows, and doesn't like? The last question is probably pointless, though. Ever since Nico first saw the letter this morning, he's been going through all the people he knows. He can't recall anyone who's name starts with a W , and only two with an M – and while Malcolm already has three letters on his shoulder (and doesn't like talking about it, which Nico respects), Meg is only seven, and won't be getting her letters any time soon. Nico highly doubts he knows his soulmate yet. He feels like that should make him feel at least a little bit better, but it doesn't. It just makes his stomach turn. It doesn't get any better when he gets home. He severely regrets telling Bianca about getting his first letter, because now it's all his mother talks about. " Il mio bambino , all grown up already!" she exclaims and insists to see the letter, no matter how many times Nico tells her what it is. "And such neat and graceful handwriting! I can already tell she's wonderful, Niccolo." It's Nico , Nico thinks, but the words don't come out. He's tired of arguing about that. Mother has her letters on her neck. Nico has last seen them when he was six, and all he knows is that the name is not his father's. He doesn't know what happened, or why mother didn't end up with her soulmate, but he does see why she only wears shirts with high collars to hide the mark. It would probably be upsetting for father to be faced with another person's name every time he looked at mother. Then again, Nico muses during dinner, he doesn't know anything about father's mark. He hasn't seen it, and father doesn't talk about it. Does he have mother's name tattooed somewhere on his skin, or does he have another name like her? Does he have a mark at all? Nico has heard of such cases, and truthfully he'd been hoping to be one of them. How easy it would be to live his life without worrying about someone who he might never even meet in person… "As soon as you find her, you will bring her for dinner", father announces, and that's all he says for the matter, and the discussion ends. Nico nods, because it's expected of him, and turns to stare at the food on his plate. It's probably something fancy with a complicated name, but it looks like brains in confetti. He doesn't have an appetite. (It doesn't escape his notice that his parents seem to assume his soulmate is a she . He doesn't feel like correcting them. Not now, anyway.) Later that night Nico lies in his bed and traces the letter with the tip of his finger. He thinks it might be a W . There's a tiny swirl at the end of the thin black line, giving the letter a fancy look, and Nico imagines his soulmate perfecting their signature to the point it looks flawless. The thought brings a small smile to his face, if only briefly. In the grand scheme of things, the soulmate business is stupid and stressful, and it makes Nico's head ache. He chooses a long sleeved shirt to wear to bed on purpose, so he doesn't get the temptation to look at the stupid letter again. Next day after school he goes to the mall with Piper and buys a barely fashionable leather bracelet, wide enough so that it covers the whole mark. Piper gives him a long look but doesn't say anything about it. Six months later Nico is fifteen, an orphan, and has to go live with Percy Jackson. He gets his second letter but doesn't even look at it. Will only finds his letters when he's almost sixteen and has already got the first two. And he only finds them because Cecil is clumsy and spills Dr Pepper all over his shirt. "You didn't tell me you have two letters already." Will's initial reaction is to say that he doesn't. His next one is to point out that it's actually none of Cecil's business if he has letters or not. But he turns to look at his friend with a confused expression while pulling on a clean shirt... "I have letters?" " Dude , you didn't know?" Cecil grins so wide that his own letter L on his left cheek disappears to a dimple. "And to think I once thought you to be the first of us to find your soulmate." "Shut up Cecil. Where are they?" Cecil rolls his eyes. "Upper back, between your shoulder blades." Will takes the shirt off again, and Cecil leans closer to examine the small letters. "Hard to tell yet, but I'd say that's cursive. Want me to take a picture?" Will fishes his phone from his pocket with trembling hands and holds it out for Cecil. "Please." He has waited for this for so long, and he can't believe he's missed two letters already. The letters are tiny, way smaller that Will has expected. They're neat and, yes, slightly cursive, and Will desperately wishes he could see them with his own eyes instead of looking at a phone screen. It's a little unfair. Still, his heart does cartwheels when he thinks that this is it , he has the first clues to his soulmate, to the one he's destined to be with, to – " Ni ", Cecil reads aloud this time, poking the letters rather harshly. Will feels offended; why should Cecil touch his letters when he can't touch them himself? "You know, that's a whole name, in some parts of the world. You don't think – " "Honestly", Will says, and he can't take his eyes off the letters. "I don't know what to think." He feels strange. Not at all what he always thought he'd feel when he finally started getting his letters. Because, after all, that's all they are – letters. They don't tell him anything yet. It's a little anticlimactic, to be honest. His other friends burst out laughing downstairs ("Lou, give that back – " "No, Clovis, you're just gonna fall asleep again!"), but for once he doesn't feel like joining them. Cecil seems to get that. "I'll go down, tell them you need a moment. Is that okay?" Will nods a little, tapping his screen before it turns black so that he can still see the letters. "And hey, don't think too much. It's only the first two letters. You'll get more soon." Cecil means well, Will is sure of that. But still, once he's alone in his room, shirtless and looking at the two tiny letters on his too bright phone screen, he feels a bang of sadness. It's only two letters . Will isn't sure if he wants more. Getting more letters means getting to know the name of his soulmate, and suddenly he's really scared – which, of course, is stupid and unnecessary. What's so scary about soulmates anyway? Will puts the phone back to his pocket and walks to the bathroom in a daze. Once in front of the mirror, he turns around and tries to see over his shoulder, to get even a little peek of the name. All he sees is a small smudge of black near his left shoulder blade, the beginning of the N . He tries to reach it, to touch the mark with even the tip of his finger, but gives up after a while when all it does is make his shoulder and wrist ache from the weird angle. It's really frustrating. Why does his soulmate mark have to be somewhere he can't see, somewhere he can't reach? It's not like Will wishes it'd be somewhere where everyone could see; not like Cecil with the L in his face. But he'd still like to see it, trace his fingers along it and imagine his soulmate writing it down. What are they like? he finds himself thinking, still looking over his shoulder at the letters. Have I met them already? Do they have any letters yet – two, like me, or more? Will turns his head, checks if he can see better over his other shoulder. He can't. Where are they? Nico notices he has four letters when he takes off his leather bracelet after school one day. His heart doesn't jump. His eyes don't linger. He simply registers that his lonely W has turned into Will sometime during the past year, and wonders if that's the whole first name. Then he turns his attention to his English essay and doesn't look at the mark for months. His friends are curious, have been ever since that first letter. Leo still ponders if it's a W or an M ; Nico doesn't tell him. Piper takes careful notice of the way Nico always seems to be wearing the leather bracelet that covers the letters. He knows she wants to