A/N: Like promised, here I am with Will's POV of my soccer mom au. And I managed to keep my deadline! Anyway, I'm going to leave the long notes about this story to the end, because I know you want to get inside Will's head already, but I do have one warning. As you might have noticed in And I can't stop , Will is a silly romantic. And that was just what he lets out; now we get to see his thoughts, too. So I'm warning you, this will probably be the most sugary sweet story I have ever written. HOX! Before going any further, I would like to recommend you read the aforementioned story first, if you haven't already. This is just one side of the story, and I'm afraid it won't make much sense without knowing what happened in Nico's POV. Will can't quite recall the exact moment when he became friends with Cecil. They were room mates first, back in college. He does remember the move in day, the excitement buzzing everywhere in the dorm building and the short guy that waved at his dorm room door with a grin that made him a little uneasy. Will remembers getting acquainted and setting rules and falling into routines, but when he tries to understand when room mates turned out to be friends and eventually best friends , he's at a loss. He does, however, remember a night at the end of the first semester, right before Christmas break. He keeps telling Cecil he doesn't (because Cecil keeps saying it's so fucking embarrassing ), but he does. Cecil had met a girl that day. A girl he had quickly claimed to be the love of his life and who in time turned out to be just one of those stories you tell your embarrassed grandchildren about. Cecil had acted on impulse and asked the girl out, right there in the busy hallway in front of everyone, and she had turned him down in the most humiliating way possible. She had laughed . Cecil, of course, had been miserable, understandably so. Will, being the good room mate and always eager to make people happy and comfortable and ease their pain in any way he could, had offered to cheer him up. It had turned out that Cecil's idea of cheering up included a lot of cheap alcohol and sappy 80's classics. Will doesn't remember minding that much, lying on the floor and staring at the ceiling fan that had long since stopped working and was now just collecting dust. "Do you believe in love at first sight?" Now, years later, Will can't remember what his answer had been. Had he believed, back when he was twenty and finally done with his first semester in med school, letting out the stress of that morning's chemistry test, listening to Cutting Crew and Alphaville from broken speakers and thinking that maybe this kid Cecil wasn't so bad after all? Had he believed then that you could fall in love with someone simply by looking at them? Will really doesn't know. But if Cecil was to ask that question now, when Will is standing by the bleachers of a soccer field, surrounded by twenty three seven-year-old girls, twenty two suburb moms in jeans and button ups and an exotic looking guy with deep brown eyes and gorgeous bone structure and lean frame all covered in black clothes… Now, Will is pretty sure what his answer would be. It doesn't take Will longer than twenty minutes to learn that the guy's name is Nico di Angelo. It takes even less to see that there's no wedding band on his finger, and Will scolds himself for being so stupidly happy about that. Nico di Angelo looks too young to be Ciara's father, but the girl looks so much like him that there's no question about it in Will's mind. When the soccer practice starts properly and the moms climb the bleachers, Will notices that Nico di Angelo keeps his distance and sits alone in the back. When the practice ends and Ciara runs off, Nico di Angelo nods to Will and blushes slightly before turning away to attend to his daughter. To Will, Nico di Angelo is the most beautiful name in the world. To: cecil: [17:01] do you believe in love at first sight? From: cecil: [17:03] i'll be there in 5 From: cecil: [17:03] this ought to be good Will regrets the text as soon as he sees Cecil's reply, but then again, he does want to talk about it, right? He's never been good at keeping things to himself. Here's how it usually goes: if he's sad or miserable or frustrated, he cries. If he's happy or in love or even just really really glad, he most likely cries. If he's hungry or miserable or in love, he calls Cecil – and probably ends up crying, most of the time. So yeah, Will cries a lot. That's not necessarily a bad thing. He also talks about things more than Cecil probably wants to listen. Cecil helps himself in with the spare key and drops on the couch next to Will without a greeting. "So", Cecil starts, and Will can already tell his friend is way too excited about this. "Who is it? Is it someone I know? Wait, probably not, you did say first sight ." Will sighs (not paying any attention to Cecil's teasing tone, thank you very much) and hopes he doesn't sound as dreamy to Cecil as he does to his own ears. "His name is Nico di Angelo." It's the first time he's said the name out loud, and it tastes like sunlight and warm days of spring. "I met him today at the season's first soccer practice." Cecil tilts his head to the side like a confused dog. "A guy at the little league soccer practice? I thought it was usually mostly moms that go to – wait a minute ." He turns so that he's fully facing Will now, one leg folded under him and left arm thrown over the back of the couch. His face looks funny, almost like he wants to yell at Will for doing something he shouldn't have. "You fell for a dad ? Will, I thought I taught you better than this!" Will ignores the fact that Cecil actually thinks he could ever have taught him anything. "It's not like that. I mean, he doesn't have a ring, and he's the only one listed as his daughter's contacts. He could be single." "But he's a dad ! Will Solace, you are twenty eight years old. I refuse to believe you have fallen for some boring dad guy with a mortgage and a mid life crisis and a bitch for an ex wife." "Why do you say mortgage like it's some kind of a disease?" Will asks before shaking his head. "No, actually never mind. Cecil, he's not middle aged. I think he's actually younger than me. And – okay, I have to admit that the idea of an ex wife is kind of unnerving, now that you mention it, but it's not like anything's happening yet. I met the guy today , for god's sake. I didn't even really talk to him!" "Yet you talk about love at first sight." Will stops for a second. "Okay, you got me there." He leans forward to rest his elbows on his knees and hides his face to his hands before letting out a long, frustrated sigh. "I don't know. I just – I don't think I've ever seen anyone so beautiful before in my entire life. He has these eyes that are just crazy brown, and unbelievably thick lashes, and his jawline is just heavenly . It's been two hours now, and I haven't been able to stop thinking about him for more than thirty seconds." Cecil laughs, and without looking Will knows that he's rolling his eyes. "Okay, so you met a hot guy you want to bang. Sorry to burst your bubble, buddy, but I don't think that exactly qualifies as love at first sight ." "No! It's not – " But who is he kidding. Nico di Angelo is gorgeous, and yes, it had been a soccer practice, but that doesn't mean Will hadn't noticed how fit Nico is. Not just anyone could rock skinny jeans like that. (Will had most definitely not stared when Nico had walked away with Ciara.) "Yeah, so okay. But that's not all. Okay? Banging him wasn't my first thought about him." It had been the third or fourth, but Cecil doesn't have to know that. "I saw him, and I kind of thought, wow, this guy is going to change my life and everything I thought I knew about love ." "Yeah, okay, Nicholas Sparks", Cecil says as he gets up from the couch and heads to the kitchen. "Do you have any beer? Because I need, like, six if you're going to keep this up." "You tell me, you're the one who fills my fridge with drinks anyway." Will feels a little stupid. He knows Cecil is probably right, and the whole thing is probably just sexual attraction, nothing to do with love. After all, isn't it said in every book and movie he's ever read and seen that you need to know someone in order to love them? Will saw this man today, exchanged maybe six words in total (eight, not that Will is counting), and watched him walk away. Now he's suddenly convinced that Nico di Angelo is the love of his life? For the second time that day, Will remembers the drunken night in college. Except this time he realizes he's Cecil. And that's never a good sign. Still, he can't shake the feeling that maybe this is it. Someone (Will can't remember who; could have been Lou Ellen, or maybe his mother) once told him that he could walk past the love of his life in an escalator and never know. Will remembers thinking that no, I would know; I have to know, right? because the thought of seeing the love of his life has always been a big deal for Will. He doesn't believe in soulmates, not exactly, but he does believe that there is one person out there that you will love most of all, no matter how many times you fall in love during your time on this earth. Well, Will thinks he's been in love once in his life. And seeing Nico di Angelo had felt a lot like that. Only a little better. "Hey, Cecil", he mutters a few hours later, blindly staring at the cop show on TV without understanding what he's looking at. It's probably a re-run anyway. He's only a little drunk (Will didn't have any beer, so they had to make do with the wine Will had stashed away for a rainy day), but he's warm and fuzzy and his head feels light when he thinks about Nico di Angelo's polite smile and that jawline and those incredibly brown eyes. "Cecil, have you ever seen a man so beautiful you wanted to cry?" Cecil sighs heavily, turns off the TV and puts his glass on the table next to Will's feet. "That's it. I'm done. You, sir, are drunk and in over your head, and you need to go to sleep it off. Come on, up with you now", he grunts as he coaxes Will to his feet. "Jesus Christ, you're heavy." Will falls to his bed and slowly registers that Cecil lies down with him. He thinks it's kind of nice, having another person there with him. Just before he passes out, he tries to imagine Nico di Angelo there instead of Cecil. Lou Ellen isn't much better than Cecil when it comes to understanding Will's feelings, but at least she doesn't crush his dreams right away. "I don't