Will grunts and hits his phone blindly to stop his alarm, only swiping his thumb the right way on the fourth try. Opening his eyes seems like way too much work at five-thirty on a Friday morning, but he doesn't really have an option, now does he? "Nico", he mumbles to the mess of black hair in his face. He really should be used to the runaway hairs that stick to his lips and make him feel gross. "Nico, come on. Get off me." "No." "Seriously, I gotta get up." As expected, Nico doesn't move. There's a part (a very big, very loud, very in love part) of Will that doesn't even want him to, but he knows he can't be late again. He won't get an internship this good ever again if he messes this up. Will tries to be gentle, at first, even though he knows it won't work. He pokes Nico's shoulder with his fingers a few times, then tires to push his side a little and slip from under him. It works pretty much as well as it's worked every other time in the past four and a half years. Nico makes a small sound at the back of his throat, nuzzles to Will's chest and tightens his hold around his waist, and Will huffs in annoyance (even if his heart is swelling just a little, or maybe a lot). He gives the other a real shove, now, regretting it the second he does it but knowing it's necessary. "Nico, I'm going to be fucking pissed off if you make me late again." Will hates using that tone with Nico (or with anyone, really; he doesn't like being angry at people in general), but he knows it's the only way. With a displeased whine, Nico rolls off Will, taking the duvet with him as he curls up on the other side of the bed facing away from his boyfriend, making sure to kick Will's hip quite painfully in the process with his heel. Will is left in the cold in only his underwear, and he rolls his eyes as he climbs out of bed and heads to the shower. They're really not morning people, either of them, but Will has accepted his fate years ago. He hates leaving the warmth of their bed, but he braces himself and does it every day, gritting his teeth. He takes a shower that's just a tiny bit too cold for his liking but is very effective in waking him up. He puts on the clothes he's picked up the night before and makes his way to the kitchen, working his way around without having to think much. He doesn't bother turning on any lights before he realizes he can't remember where he placed his keys last night and has to look for them (they're on the coffee table under one of Nico's notebooks). Just like every morning, Will stops by the bedroom once more before leaving. Nico has rolled himself into a human burrito inside the duvet, and all Will can see is his hair sticking out at the top. He chuckles under his breath ( oh fuck I love that idiot ), kneels down next to the bed and pries on the covers just enough to see Nico's face. "Hey", Will says gently and tucks a lock of slightly curling black hair behind Nico's ear. "I'm gonna go. There's coffee ready in the brewer. Get up before lunch, okay?" "Fuck off." Will bites back his laughter and leans in to press a soft kiss on Nico's forehead. "I love you." Just before he steps out of the bedroom he hears a tiny voice replying. "Love you, too." He closes the door and leaves for work with a slightly lighter step. From: nico: [10:34] Watch This On YouTube: /... To: nico: [10:36] i feel obligated to remind you that you have a deadline coming up and watching cat videos really isn't all that productive From: nico: [10:37] neither is texting your boyfriend when you should be treating patients yet here you are To: nico: [10:37] coffee break. you should be honored that i'm willing to divide my attention between my caffeine and you From: nico: [10:38] i'm honored. touched, even. abashed. maudlin. mawkish. To: nico: [10:38] get to work you fucking dictionary To: nico: [15:17] class cancelled, but we're having a study group in the library From: nico: [15:29] you're a fucking nerd To: nico: [15:31] shut up you love me From: nico: [15:31] sometimes i wonder why From: nico: [18:54] just a heads up i'm going to use the rest of the milk From: nico: [18:54] can you pick up some on your way home To: nico: [18:57] heading out now. do we need anything else? From: nico: [18:59] bring some fruit. and whatever you want to eat this weekend. also if you happen to find me an inspiration with less than ten bucks i'll love you forever To: nico: [18:59] i can't even tell if you're joking or not Will comes home to Nico sitting on top of the kitchen counter, pouring milk to his bowl of cereal and wearing yoga pants and Will's basket ball team shirt from high school. He looks messy and half dead and gorgeous, and Will wants to take a picture and set it as his lock screen background before kissing Nico everywhere . "I see you're adulting again", Will notes pointedly as he puts the grocery bag down next to Nico and heads to the bedroom to change. He knows Nico is rolling his eyes even with his back turned. "Being an adult means I can eat whatever I want whenever I want, so shut up." They've had this conversation at least a hundred times, so Will doesn't feel like pointing out that there's a fault in Nico's logic. Instead he changes into sweatpants and a t-shirt with a large coffee stain in the hem and makes his way back to the kitchen, his bare feet making slight swatting sounds on the cold hardwood floor in the otherwise silent apartment. Will starts putting the food away, and Nico has already finished his cereal by the time he's halfway through the bag. Will knows better than to expect help; Nico might never say it, but Will knows he enjoys watching Will do domestic shit (Nico's words, not his). Will doesn't mind. He shots his boyfriend a displeased look when Nico doesn't bother getting down from the counter to properly rinse the bowl, but at the same time he finds himself humming some stupid pop song under his breath. "What the hell, Will." Nico's leg shots up to block Will's path in the tiny kitchen, and their eyes meet. Will is awkwardly holding a packet of discount chicken breasts. "Get over here. Now." Will leans in to peck the corner of Nico's mouth softly, but doesn't linger. He has to work to hide his smile when Nico almost whines. "One minute. I have to put away the groceries; we don't want all that dairy to get sour." Moving around in the kitchen, Will can feel Nico's eyes on him, all over him. He's seen this moment coming for days, now, and anticipation builds in his stomach as he opens the refrigerator and tries not to put the milk away too hastily. He doesn't need to give Nico any more power than the man already has. For a moment Will feels like stalling and spending a lot of time to organize more space for a packet of pasta in the pantry, but he gives up rather quickly. He turns back to Nico and moves to stand between his legs, where Nico immediately pulls him closer by the shirt and locks his ankles behind his back. Will can't help but smirk a little. "So I take it that you missed me today?" "Fuck you, Will." The way Nico kisses is very different from the way he talks. That's one of the things Will remembers being almost shocked about, back when they were teenagers and everything was brand new and every little thing Nico did was a surprise. Because while Nico is brash and snappy, and he swears a lot and orders Will around (or at least tries to; most of the time he's not very successful), it's all turned upside down as soon as their lips touch. Nico absolutely melts under Will's touch. He lets Will guide him, opens his mouth in invitation and lets Will in, whimpers when the tips of Will's fingers as much as brush his hips. Nico is so very sensitive to Will's touch, to everything Will does, especially when they've both been too busy for basically anything more than soft good night kisses the whole week. When Nico presses his back with his heels and pulls him impossibly close, Will can feel Nico already hard against his stomach, and it sends tingles down his spine. Will needs to pull back for air, and there's that whine again. Nico nibs on his lower lip while they catch their breath, and Will swallows a moan and grips Nico's upper thighs. The smooth material of the yoga pants is intoxicating, and Will makes a mental note to appreciate them more. Leaning in, Will kisses Nico again, this time slowly and making sure he maps put every part of Nico's mouth. "I've missed kissing you like this", he whispers against the puffy lips, licking them and loving the sound that escapes Nico's throat. "We haven't kissed nearly enough this week." "You're a fucking sap." It's almost cute how Nico tries to sound like he minds at all. Their kisses get sloppier quickly; less lips and more tongue, less careful touching and more ambitious groping, and Nico keeps making those little sounds and Will likes them a little more than he ever cares to admit. As much as he loves the feel of the yoga pants, he loves Nico's skin even more, and so his hands travel up and under the faded t-shirt, where Nico is soft and hot and so alive. He slips one hand under the waistband of the pants, just enough to feel the hip bone and trace his thumb down, down, down , and Nico all but moans and lets his head fall back against the cabinets. "Please, Will." Will has been expecting those words, that tone, that tug at his hair, but it still makes him growl against Nico's shoulder. "Please." Another wonderful thing about the yoga pants is that when Nico moves his hips, Will can feel everything . Every little detail from the curve of his erection to the way the muscles on his thighs tense to bring their bodies even closer. Will caresses Nico's hips and sucks on the junction between the man's neck and shoulder. "How do you want it?" One of Nico's hands holds Will's head tightly in place while the other works up the back of his shirt. Nico's neck tastes like sweat, and Will understands how stupid his question actually is. "It's been almost a week and you have me up on the counter. You know exactly how I want it." Because the thing is, Will absolutely does know. Knows it even before he asks; hell, he's known it long before he has even touched Nico in the kitchen that night. Because they've been together for years and like Nico said, it's been almost a week and Will knows exactly how Nico wants to be taken – how Will wants to take him. Will doesn't waste time starting to pull down the yoga pants and underwear. Nico lifts himself up by his thighs to help the clothes down, and wow , if Will didn't love those thighs before he does now, feeling them clench around his waist. He dives down to kiss every part of Nico's neck and jaw and collar to smother his own moans, and he can feel Nico's rapid heart