A/N: For some unknown reason I got the first sentence of this fic stuck in my head and it wouldn't go away until I wrote it down. And then this happened. I'm not saying I'm proud about this, but hey, it's not exactly my worst story. Besides, who doesn't like a soccer mom AU? And soccer mom!Nico? Anyway, please excuse me for the fact that I know absolutely nothing about soccer (football). Please read and review and try not to judge me too harshly. Nico has a thing for his daughter's soccer coach. It's stupid, really. He's seen the guy less than five times, probably (nine, not that Nico's counting), and most of the times he's been too far to see properly. But even from his spot from the bleachers Nico can make the lean form of Coach Will (as the coach has the girls calling him), the board shoulders and bright smile and that stupid mob of beautiful golden hair that Nico just really wants to run his fingers through. Nico knows he shouldn't be staring like that. He knows it's weird and creepy and totally inappropriate. He knows the lady to his left has probably noticed, or will in the next few minutes if he doesn't stop. But then the coach turns again and Nico gets a better view of his back and the curve of his ass, and no, he's not going to stop just yet. "Which one's yours?" the lady asks kindly, and Nico spares her a quick look. She has curly blond hair that she has tied on a pony tail, and he's fairly certain he recognizes her from previous weekends. Nico turns his eyes back on the field an points out Ciara. "There. Number thirteen", he says and doesn't bother concealing his pride as he sees her taking the ball from another girl and making her way to score. Nico doesn't know a thing about soccer if he's being perfectly honest, but he knows enough to know that Ciara is doing well. From the corner of his eye Nico sees the lady nod. "She's got good leg work", she mutters, maybe more to herself than to Nico. "I'm afraid mine has just a little too much energy to focus", she points out a black haired girl that's mostly jumping up and down and running aimlessly around other players. "We thought soccer might help her channel her energy, but she seems to be even more vivid after practice. Takes after her father, I guess." Nico smiles pleasantly as Ciara manages a goal and his eyes wander off to the coach again. Ciara high fives the coach and then turns around to give Nico a thumbs up. Nico returns it and slowly registers that the coach, too, has turned to look at him. Or maybe not him, but the parents in general. Could be even watching the traffic behind them for all Nico knows. But that bright smile is there again and Nico has to look away before he does something stupid like blush like an idiot. No one is supposed to smile like that while coaching a bunch of seven year olds. After the practice all the girls run to their parents, and Nico is only slightly mortified as he notices he's the only dad there. It shouldn't bother him, he's often the only dad, and always the only parent and only family Ciara has. Has been for seven years now. But yes, sometimes it still bothers him, and on this particular Saturday afternoon he really has to work on his smile before Ciara reaches him. "Did you see that last goal, Dad?" she asks him, excited and full of life and looking so much like Bianca that it almost hurts. Almost. "It was a tough one, I almost got tackled, but I feinted and then I ran like the wind just like Uncle Jason has told me to!" "Yes, I saw", Nico smiles as he gives her a jacket, even though he isn't certain if he had been paying more attention to Coach Will or Ciara back there. He really needs to get a grip. "And Jason will be really proud of you when you tell him. Did I tell you we have dinner with the Graces tomorrow?" Judging by her surprised reaction he hasn't told her, and that's basically all the girl talks about on their short walk home. Ciara loves Jason and Piper and their two year old son, and Nico has a feeling she really likes it when Piper does all that mother-daughter-stuff with her. Nico tries his best to give Ciara everything she needs, but he has long since accepted that he can't be a mother to her. Not really, no matter how hard he tries. But he sure will be the best damn father she could get. "Oh, and Dad?" Ciara says as an afterthought once they have reached the door to their apartment and Nico looks for his keys. "Coach Will asked me to tell you that it's nice to see a dad on the bleachers for once." Nico almost drops the keys but makes it look like he's doing it on purpose. He makes it a point to not look at his daughter right then. "Did he now?" "Yeah, and then I told him that I only have a dad, and then Sophie said she only has a mom, and Hannah heard and said that she has two moms, which I thought was kind of cool, and then Coach said it's good for us to see that even if we have different kinds of families we can still play the same sports, and I don't really understand what that had to do with anything so…" Ciara keeps talking, but as Nico opens the door and they proceed on their after-practice schedule, he can't really listen. He hates to admit it, but the fact that Coach Will has (although indirectly) talked to him makes his insides all mushy in a way nothing has in years. It takes three glasses of ridiculously expensive wine for Nico to tell Jason about his stupid obsession. He's really grateful for Piper for offering to teach Ciara how to braid her hair by herself so that he can have a chat with his best friend – even if it means volunteering to do the dishes. "And it's just all fucking stupid", Nico mutters, still a little afraid Ciara would hear him from the living room as he dries the plates. "I mean, I haven't ever even talked to him. I only see him on the soccer field. For all I know, he's probably married. He coaches seven year olds. He could have his own kid on the team. Isn't that what people do?" "Yeah, or he could be really into you", Jason rolls his eyes. "Seriously, Nico, we've talked about this. You always assume the worst. That's why you've been single for – " He pauses and looks thoughtful. "Hold on, how long have you been single for, exactly?" Nico resists the urge to throw the towel at him. "As in real relationships or flings?" he asks anyway, and grimaces as he realizes how long it's been. "Either way, years." Nico blames the wine, because had he been completely sober he would never have admitted that to Jason. Jason stops what he's doing and turns to look at Nico. "Wait, are you telling me you haven't had anyone since Ciara was born?" Giving him a nasty glare, Nico puts the plates in the cupboard. "Of course I have. Two or three. But that was still years ago." "How many years?" "I'm not discussing my sex life with you, Jason." "Yes, you are. How many years has it been, Nico?" Jason looks like he's getting both angry and worried, and Nico would give anything to not be in this situation right now. "And don't even think about lying to me, I'll know." Nico listens to the sound of Ciara's happy giggle coming from the living room, hears the childish babble of little Tom and Piper's laughter. He counts. "Five years." Jason almost drops the pan he's washing. " Five years ?" His voice is full of disbelief, and Nico just really wants to slam the pan to his face. It's a miracle they can both keep their voices low enough to keep the kids from hearing their conversation. "You haven't had sex in five years ?" "Shut up , Jason!" But Jason lets out a huff, and Nico knows his wondering what it would feel like to not have sex for five years. Not good , Nico thinks bitterly and keeps his eyes on the dishes. "Seriously, di Angelo, that's messed up. We gotta get you laid. Soon. I don't even care if it's from that coach or someone else, you need to get some." "No, Jason, I don't", Nico growls, even though the idea isn't all that bad. "I'm fine. Besides, it's not like I have time for that – I have Ciara, and my job, and I can't just go randomly hitting on guys – " "Why not? It's what everyone else does." Before Nico can argue, Jason has already made the decision for him – like always. "Tell you what. Next Friday we're going out. Vodka and tequila and dancing, the works. There's a new club on Sixth Street. We'll go there; you, me, and Leo." "No." Nico knows it's pointless to argue, but he has to try. It's bad enough he has admitted all this to Jason – it will be worse if Leo finds out. "No, you're not bringing Valdez into this. No way." "Of course I am. Leo's the best wingman you can get", Jason finishes with the dishes and turns off the tab. "Seriously, Nico, you need this. Don't argue. I'm only looking out for you." "By throwing me into some stranger's bed? How very kind of you." "You'll thank me." Nico has a feeling he won't. Nico may have a thing for his daughter's soccer coach, but if the man doesn't stop blowing the god damned whistle Nico is going to kill him. Piper had offered to take Ciara to practice today, and right now Nico is thinking that might have been a better idea. But he's there, and it's too late. He swears he's never been that hungover before (he has, but it's been so long he has mostly forgotten), and it's all Jason's fault. And Leo's. Fuck, Nico is never ever going to drink tequila with Leo Valdez again. The whistle splits the air again, and Nico flinches involuntarily and adjusts his sunglasses. He knows he looks terrible, and he can practically hear the soccer moms giving him scornful looks. ("You do realize you're basically a soccer mom yourself?" Leo's voice from last night taunts him, and he wants to hit something.) He's been the odd one out since the season started, being the only dad and also at least six years younger than the rest of them, but showing up hungover to the practice was a low blow even for him. Nico scowls and takes another sip of his coffee. He really should have let Piper take Ciara. "Long night?" Nico looks up and sees the lady who had talked to him the week before. He grunts an answer, knowing he's being rude but not really wanting to engage in conversation that will probably just end in her telling him he's a terrible father. It has happened before, Nico doesn't need a recap. But the lady sits down next to him anyway, inviting herself to his personal space, and Nico wants to tell her to fuck off. He doesn't. "I don't blame you, if that's what you're thinking", she says after a moment, and when Nico glances at her she's looking thoughtfully out to the field. "God knows that I'd like a night off every now and then. We're only human, right? Even