Chapter 1 (Katniss POV) I place my hand against my flat stomach; this is where our child is supposed to be. Moving around happily, kicking me so hard that I will not be able to get any sleep. A boy? A girl? What would have it been? I guess I would never know because he is gone to the world and it was all thanks to me. I killed my baby with the help of his father. I should have never gotten close to him, nor should have tried to bring him back from the deadly images that cursed and poisoned his mind. He was never going to forgive himself for what he has done to me and our child. I wouldn't be surprised if he never came back at all, if he decided to stay as far away from me as possible. I had to remain positive and not think like that, He loved me too much to stay away from me like this and I loved him too much to back down without a fight. I wasn't going to give up on him so easily, and I wasn't going to let him vanish from my life. What if he tried to take his own life while he was in the capitol? What if the guilt of killing our baby was so bad that he decided to end it all? No, Haymitch and Effie would never let him do such a thing, He was under supervision. Besides, I knew he wouldn't do that to me; he would not kill himself and leave me all alone to deal with his death. However, those thoughts were still lingering in the back of my mind. When Peeta left me, not only a couple weeks ago, he made Gale (of all people) promise to take care of me and make sure I didn't do anything reckless or stupid. Gale had punched him square in the face and yelled at him for hurting me so much, not just because of the baby, but because he was tearing my heart into two pieces, but then after the first couple punches, Gale promised him he would take care of me. He grabbed him by his collar and threatened that if Peeta didn't come back to me and I remained a heartbroken young women for the rest of my life, then he was going to hunt him down to the end of the earth and kill him. Gale usually keeps his promises, too. I slapped Gale when he told me all of what he had done to Peeta. He didn't need to be hitting and threatening Peeta at a time like this. It was a dark time and I just wanted it to end. I was curled up in a ball on our bed, staring at my beautiful pearl ring the glittered in the moonlight. The light was seeping through the curtains and illuminating my entire bedroom with a beautiful, soft glow. The large empty space beside me brought tears to my eyes. This is where he should be, holding me, kissing me, whispering in my ears, telling me how much he loves me. I can't stand the fact that Peeta is out of my reach, and is so many miles away from me. He should be close to the capitol by now. That vile place that filled my head with so many memories; so many scars and terrors. It was their fault, they did this to him. They made him live a life of hatred and despair. He never has really gotten over the episodes, and never had a break in between them, like he told me he did. I later found out that he had been lying to me all this time about not having as many as he used to. However, in reality, he was having more and more by the minute and I was so afraid that the poison in his mind was expanding and that eventually it would cause him to drop dead. Was that why he left me here in District 12? So he could die in the capitol by himself? So I wouldn't have to see him die? I cried into his pillow on the opposite side of me and tightened the hold I had on it. I inhaled any scent I could get from the pillow, hoping to catch his scent, but nothing pierced my nostrils but the smell of laundry freshener. My mother had just cleaned the sheets and pillows on the bed so any scent he left behind, was now gone thanks to the long wash in the washer downstairs. I thought everything was peaceful; we had been living together so wonderfully for the past five years and all of a sudden our peace is interrupted by this horrible situation that we find ourselves in. I lost my baby, the love of my life and, once again, my sanity. I couldn't function without him, and he knew it, but yet, he stayed away from me. We were so many miles apart from each other, I could barely stand it. I sobbed into his pillow. Eventually, those sobs turned to agonizing cries and soon, I was crying so hard that snot made its way out of my nostrils. I could feel my face heat up. My body was shaking and aching, my head pounded and all I wanted to do was find him, curl up next to him and have him hold me in his strong arms. But no such luck. He was gone and I didn't know if he was going to come back to me or stay in the capitol. I cried and cried and cried, not being able to stop the horrible tears that were staining Peeta's pillow. I had my head buried into the pillow while tears streamed down my face, while thoughts about him never returning bounced around in my mind. We didn't end on good terms; I had gotten a bit mad at him because he was leaving me and because he had told me to move on to someone else if he did not come back. I threw my ring at him and I knew it hurt him so much, but the anger I felt towards him that day forbid any type of compassion. More tears were flowing from my eyes as the door to my bedroom creaked opened, but I did not care as to who it was. I looked towards the two shadowy figures that were now present in my room. They were making their way across the floor and over to my large empty bed, but I paid very little attention to them and kept crying my eyes out. I was lying on my stomach in the middle of my bed with nothing but Peeta's pillow wrapped in my arms. Both sides of the bed dipped down and I became aware of someone was wrapping their large, strong arms around me. As this was happening, a small sized hand began stroking my hair and patting my forehead. I much rather be in Peeta's arms, than my best friend Gale Hawthorne; who was finally started to accept the fact that I was madly in love with Peeta. He knew how much I loved Peeta and how much it was hurting me to be away from him. He was trying his best to comfort me, but it wasn't his comfort I wanted; it was Peeta's. Gale was trying really hard to be a good friend and I thanked him for that. He no longer yelled at me for being in love with Peeta like he did when he first came back to District 12 about four or five months ago. He was really mean to me and that was only because he was in love with me. Hell, he was still in love with me I could see it every time his hungry eyes looked at me. He couldn't help it though; nobody could help who they fall in love with. I only hope Gale would fall out of love with me in time and move onto someone that would actually love him with all their heart and soul. He deserved that much. I just couldn't be the person to love him like that. "Katniss," came Delly Cartwright's (Peeta's best friend) voice. Her voice was soft and somewhat soothing to me. She patted my head in a comforting way as I cried and cried. I couldn't stop the tears from coming. I was lucky to have friends like Delly and Gale. They were the only ones that agreed to move into my house with me until Peeta made his return. Until the venom in his head was gone and he was able to think clearly. When was that going to be? When was he going to come home to me? What if he got to the capitol only to find out there was no cure to the venom? Would he stay there and work for President Paylor just so he wouldn't have to come back to me? My mother also lived in the house with me, but I hardly ever see her. She was too busy working at the hospital and taking care of people; it's like she doesn't even live here anymore. The only time I see her is at breakfast, dinner and when it is time for bed. Gale does live here somewhat but he is always working at the mines and taking care of his younger siblings. Ever since his mother died, he had to take the role of a parent in order for his family to survive. He doesn't work as much as he used to, when he first came back because he had received a huge amount of money that was long overdue from working in District 2. The money was like a final paycheck and he got a whole shit load of it. "He loves you Katniss." Delly said as she continued to stroke my head. "He loves you more than anything in the world. He is doing this for you" "Come on Catnip, no tears" "H-he...L-left me" I managed to choke out and gripped his pillow tighter. "Katniss, he knows what he is doing. I know Peeta... he will come back to you." Delly says, and pats me gently on my head. "You need to stop crying now, alright sweetheart?" Gale hugs me closer to his body and I refuse to bury my head into his strong chest. If I had my way, I would not be in his arms at all. I knew he was just trying to comfort me and all, but there was only on person's arms that I wanted to be wrapped up in and it sure as hell wasn't Gale; although I knew his intentions were good. I just wish these two would just leave me alone and go back into their rooms that were right next to mine. Delly's room was right of mine and Gale's was left. So, if I started sobbing like this, chances are they would hear me because these walls were somewhat thin and it was very easy to hear things. I was screwed either way because my mother's room was right across from mine so if neither Gale nor Delly heard me cry, then my mother would be the next person to comfort me. "I-I want...him...b-back." I sobbed. "Mellark won't abandon you" Gale says with confidence. He obviously doesn't know Peeta like I do; even if he does come back, Peeta was never going to touch me again. Not after having killed our child by accident, not after throwing me down a flight of stairs. Cutting me with a kitchen knife was one thing, but tossing me down a flight of stairs and causing me to miscarry our baby seemed too ruthless; even for his hijacked side. Thank God Haymitch was in the room when Peeta threw me. He was able to