This is just a stupid little story I came up with about Katniss and Peeta and their kids on Christmas. They throw a small get together and visit with their friends and family. I hope you all like it and I hope you all have a Merry Christmas and A Happy new year. I know I will have a happy new year it is my birthday :D. Anyway please read and review. Enjoy. Peaceful Night "MOMMY!" My daughter voice fills my ears and its full of panic. I'm in my son Keren's room; breast feeding him when I hear my daughters cries for help. Is she hurt? Has someone broken into our peaceful little home in the victors village? I softly tug Keren away from my breast. He wails in protest; not ready to be ripped away from his meal. He's only a couple months old and can't drink out of a bottle yet. I button my shirt, hiding my exposed breast and place Keren quickly in his crib. I bolt from the room and fly down the stairs. Only to be greeted by the horrible stench of smoke. Shoot The Ham. I knew I should of left the cooking to Peeta. I bolt into the kitchen to see my daughter sitting in the chair waving her little arm at the oven hoping to get rid of the smoke. It's actually a funny sight. She thinks the air from her hand is going to tame the smoke and fire. I quickly grab the fire extinguisher from the nearby wall, cock it, open the oven and pull the trigger. Large puff white cold, substance spray from the extinguisher, quickly allowing the fire to die down and dwindle into nothing. After the fire is put out for good we open a few windows (despite the freezing cold air that is seeping through are windows) and allow the smoke-smell to drift out of the house. Saffra looks at me with raised eyebrows and a small smile. "Daddy's gonna be mad at you. AWWWEEE" She says with a giggle. I set the extinguisher in the corner and come over to my daughter examining every inch on her, making sure she doesn't have a scratch on her; which she doesn't, but being the worried mother that I am I had to make sure. I pick her up out of the kitchen chair and hug her tightly to my chest. "That was a very big girl thing to do, Saffra, thank you for telling Mommy there was smoke coming from the oven." She giggles and wraps her arms around my neck. I set her down on the ground again and take a look at the ruined Ham while Saffra goes back to her drawlings. I take a quick glance at her pictures and smile softly. They are beautiful; she has drawn the sunset and for a five year olds work; its beautiful. She becomes more like Peeta every single day and for that I am grateful that she is like her father than me. She has his eyes and his facial features. She acts like him, scowls like him and loves baking and painting. The only thing she has that belongs to me is my hair which is a dark, jet black. Typical for the people of The Seam. I was upset when I gave birth to her and she had a patch of dark black hair. I wanted her to be like her father. Which she is. She has everything except his hair. "Mommy, is Santa going to bring me more presents since I did a big girl thing?" "We'll see baby" I say. Peeta and I decided on an old tradition our ancestors used to tell their children. Santa Clause; A big, fat, cheerful, jolly old man that flies around the world in one night leaving presents for good little boys and girls. As if one guy can do all that, but its fun for me and Peeta to leave our children presents without them knowing its from us. When they get older we will tell them that there is no such thing as Santa clause, but for now it will be fun while it lasts. A large wail comes over the baby monitor we have in the kitchen. Keren screams his head off, trying desperately to get my attention. He wants to finish his dinner that I so rudely interrupted. Saffra goes back to drawling her picture and I stumble towards the kitchen door. I peck my daughter on the head before exiting the kitchen and going back upstairs to fetch my son. He is in his crib wailing, his tiny hands are fists, his face as red as an apple and his little legs kick up in the air. I can't get over how incredibly tiny he looks laying in a large crib like this. I unbutton my blue blouse and free a breast. I offer him my breast and he quickly latches on, his tears subside and I rock him as I eat. He is such a beautiful baby. Blond hair like his father, gray eyes like me and he has my facial features. He looks like me, but hopeful when he grows up he will act like his father. I'm not so sure he will though, when I take him outside and set him on a blanket in the grass. He is so fascinated with the mysteries around him that he never wants to leave and go back inside. When Peeta or I take him back into the house He screams. Its obvious my son is already in love with the outdoors; sadly one of my traits. I love my woods with a passion and wouldn't mind taking my son into them everyday when he gets older. Keren lets go of my breast and lets out a soft whimper. I gently place him on my shoulder and pat his back. He burps a couple of times and that is the indication that his meal is over. He opens his tiny mouth and lets out what I believed to be a yawn. After his yawn he begins crying and I know I have to sing and put him down for a nap. I sit in the rocking chair in the corner and begin rocking us back and fourth while beginning to sing to my son. Oh Holy night The Stars Are brightly Shining It is the night of the dear Savoir's birth Long lay the world in Sin and Error Pining Till he appeared and the soul felt its worth A thrill of hope the wear world Rejoices For yonder breaks a new and glorious morn Fall on your knees OH, hear the Angel Voices O night divine, then night when Christ was born Oh night, oh holy night, o night Divine I don't have to finish the rest of the song because my sons tiny head is on my shoulder and he is drooling all over the place. I get up from the rocking chair and gently place him in his crib, stealing a quick kiss before I leave to go back downstairs and clean my mess up before Peeta gets home from the Bakery. He's closed it down for the holidays so it hasn't run in days. He has just called his workers back to give them all their holiday money and presents. He is such a wonderful human being and I will never, ever regret marrying him or having his children. I hope tomorrow when he opens the present I gave him he will be lost for words and stun. I pad down the stairs and back into the kitchen, I walk around the corner expecting to see Saffra still drawling her beautiful picture, but she's not. She has moved a chair across the kitchen floor, next to the fridge. She is on her tiptoes trying to reach for the cookies that Peeta stashed away on top of the refrigerator. She doesn't see me so I quickly tiptoe into the kitchen without her realizing it and stand at the front of the chair with my arms crossed. I muster up a scolding look and tap my foot against the ground. She still doesn't know I am behind her. "Saffra Marie Mellark, get down from there before you hurt yourself" I lightly scold. She jumps out of her skin at the sound of my voice and glances over her shoulder to give me a dirty look, but she listens and carefully climbs off the chair and onto the ground. She sits on the chair, crosses her arms over her chest and pouts. "Those are for dinner tonight, Saffra" "I just want one before Grandpa Haymitch and Grandma Effie come and eat it all" She pouts. "Don't worry darling I'm sure your father can bake more" "Humph" "Saffra, why don't you clean up your crayons and papers while Mommy cleans up this mess" "Can I have a cookie if I do?" "No, You got to wait" "But Mommy..." "Now, Saffra" I say calmly. She gets up from the chair and stomps her way across the kitchen titles. She grabs a handful of paper, crinkling it in the process. With her free hand she grabs the crayons and stomps up the stairs loudly. I hear her slam her bedroom door and I can't help but roll my eyes. She is just acting up over a cookie. A cookie which she will not be receiving if she keeps it up. Peeta and I both agreed we will be firm with our children. We will teach them good manners and behavior and if they don't listen to us there will be punishment. Of course we will NEVER give them a beaten. We both agreed that we will not lay a hand on our children, no matter what they do. Not like Peeta's mom. She hit them hard, held their hands on hot oven racks, smacked them in the side of the face with rolling pins. Peeta said he got the worst of it though because he was the youngest. She used a belt on him more than one time a day. No I will never do that to my children. I will stand them in the corner, make them sit in time out and take away their toys, but I will never hit them or send them to bed without any dinner. I starved when I was growing up and I don't want my children to starve. I glance at the clock. I still had a long time before our guest showed up for our small get together or Christmas party. Whatever you want to call it. I haven't even decorated our large living room or covered the table in red and green table clothes. Haymitch was supposed to be here 20 minutes ago to help move in another table and a couple chairs. As if he read my mind the door opens and in stumbles Haymitch. His stumble worries me; he better not be drunk on Christmas Eve because so help me god if he is I will push him face first in the snow and watch the drunktard roll down our steps. As long as he doesn't get hurt I will laugh. "You better not be drunk" I scold him when he comes into the kitchen. He ignores me and sniffs the air, he coughs and then waves his hand in front of his face. "Sweetheart I am surprised you haven't burned the place down by cooking. What was Peeta thinking in letting you control the oven and No I'm not drunk, I just tripped over your damn rug." "Cheerful as always I see." I reply smartly. "And Peeta didn't really 'let me cook' I just thought I'd get things going before we run out of time." "Sweetheart it's 8 in the morning you got until 3 before everyone shows up. Who's all coming anyway?" "Well I invited the Hawthorne'..." He