This is just a short one-shot about Peeta chasing Katniss into the woods after a fight, them talking and expression their feelings for each other. This is a hot, heavy detailed sex scene so if your under the age of 18 please leave now. Other than that please enjoy and feel free to leave a review. The Rain Cries Blue. I'm crying my eyes out, willing my legs to pump faster than they are capable of pumping. The rain hits my bare arms, my tank-top and jeans are completely soak as I run as fast as I can through District 12 towards the fence that will lead me to the only place that will allow me to hide. My woods. He's behind me I can hear the loud thump of his leg and the loud splashes from the rain puddles. I can't believe he has gotten this fast at running. I'm faster than him though I only need a bit more energy and I've done it, I would have outrun him. He's got to be tired by now we've been running for five minutes, since the moment I've left the dinner table in full fledged tears. What started out as an innocent conversation around the dinner table turned deadly as he brought up the only thing I wanted to tiptoe around and that was his feelings for me and mine for him. It's been a year now since the end of the war and all was going well. We started a memory book together, We hunted and baked, I've been teaching him and he's been teaching me. We even started sleeping together in order to keep the nightmares away, Everything was going perfect until he said that one thing, those three little tiny words that have frightened me all my life. He slipped, while there were a couple 'awes' that came from our guest at the dinner table my prep team mostly and Effie. Haymitch had cracked a large smile and had said 'hear we go' as I began to shake my head multiple times at Peeta's slipped confession. At first I told him not to say something like that, that it was a very serious thing to say to a person. He told me he knew what he was doing and that he meant every single word of it. I don't know how it happened but soon we were yelling at each other, spilling words at each other that neither of us meant and it was over something so stupid. those three little words caused us to become so mad at each other. He told me I was selfish and that I wasn't in control of how he felt about me. We brought up things that happened a year ago, during the war, during the games. It wasn't until it really got vicious did I end up running out in the rain crying. It wasn't until he said 'I regret ever throwing you that bread', the words are still fresh in my mind, they play over and over again. He regrets saving my life, regrets all the progress we've made. I continue sobbing and pounding through the streets like a manic, I looked like a crazy, axe murderer. I glance over my shoulder to find him still in hot pursuit. I pumped my legs a little faster, making a break for the meadow. I can hear him shouting my name over and over as he chased me down. He had to be getting tired, I know I was and If I was tired he had to be, lets face it I am in better shape then him anyway. I charge into the meadow, now that he knows where I'm going I'm hoping he'd give up and go back home instead of facing the forest and continuing after me. The fence is no longer there so its easy to get to the trees. Just when I thought He went home, that the woods were too much for him, a hand reaches out and grabs me by the arm. I don't have to guess I know its him and boy does he have a lot of nerve to touch me. As furious as I am at him he's lucky I don't break his fingers, instead I turn around and crack him hard against the face, leaving a nasty, red hand-print. If I weren't so enraged I would of felt guilty, but I'm so mad at him that a hit in the face doesn't seem like enough. I raise my hand to slap him again, but he catches it and forces it in place. He's so strong and so massive that I'm unable to move. Period. "Stop it. Stop running from me" Peeta hisses. "Let go of me now!" I shout. "No, I'm done with this. I can't take no more, Katniss. This has to end right here and now." "I swear to god Peeta if you don't let go of me I'll hit you again" "If run again I'm just going to chase after you again." Peeta warns. "You need to leave me alone" I sneer. "Sorry, sweetheart can't do that." He hesitantly lets go of me and I'm standing there in the rain shivering up a storm, there is not much he can do to warm me up considering he is soaked from head to toe as well. I glare at him with as much hatred as I can muster up, tapping my foot against the mushy earth, waiting for him to get started on his big speech he has planned. I can't believe this is happening, why does he have to have more. Do I even want more with him? He's kissed me throughout the year and each time he has kissed me I've wanted it to go farther and farther but it never reaches that point. "Go ahead. Talk! I'm waiting." "I love you, Katniss. I have always loved you, will always love you, but I'm tired of tiptoeing around our feelings for each other. I'm open about my love for you, I'm not hiding it, not denying it. Your what I want, Despite what The Capitol made me think about you all those months ago. You heal me, I don't regret anything..." He takes my face between his strong hands and forces me to look at him, his thumbs wipe the tears, mixed with the rain. "I could never, ever regret throwing you that bread do you understand me" I nod. "I love you and that stupid fight means nothing to me, I didn't mean it. I didn't mean a thing." "I did Peeta" I pull my face from his iron grip, "I can't fall in love with you. I can't" Peeta paces back and forth for the longest time. I thought about taking advantage of his distraction and continue my way to the cabin, but he would just follow me anyway. We were doing this here and now, the time has come, the moment I've avoided all this time, since we came back from the war, back from the games was finally here. I had to tell him the truth, even if I didn't know it. "Why are you so afraid to admit you love me?" "because..." "Because why!?" "Because I love you like I my mother loved my father." "So you do have feelings for me." "I don't know" "Bullshit" He rarely ever curse that's why I'm kind of shocked that spewed from his mouth. "I need to know right here and now, Do you love me?" "Peeta" "Please tell me, I can't take the mixed messages you've sent my way. I can't take the kisses, I don't want to keeping wondering or guessing. Do you love me?" "I can't" "I'm suffering so fucking much Katniss, My feelings for you hurt so much. I want them to go away so badly, I wish and pray that I didn't love you this much, but I do and there's no stopping it." "I don't know Peeta, I will never know" I wrap my arms around myself and start walking towards the cabin. Its freezing out here and the rain has no signs of letting up. I hear Peeta sigh in frustration and then he yells so loudly that it disturbs mother nature. "DON'T PUSH ME AWAY" He yells. He grabs my arms and before I know it, his lips are on mine, hard, firm, warm, at first I don't respond. He wraps his strong arms around my waist and pulls me tightly against him. "Let me in" He mumbles against ours lips and I can't help it anymore I run my hands through his soaked head and kiss him deeper and deeper. We stand there in the middle of the storm kissing each other. All my instincts are telling me to push him away, but I just can't seem to pry my lips away from him. "Peeta...*kiss*...stop" I get out. "Be quiet" He replies and deepens our kiss even more. I don't know how we managed to make it to the cabin I just sort of tugged him that way, refusing to let go of his lips. My hands were everywhere in his hair, down his sides, across his shoulders and back through his wet shirt. I had enough of that shirt so I guided my hands under it, he breaks the kiss for a couple of seconds, allowing me to get his shirt over his head. Then his lips were back on me kissing me with as much passion as he can muster up. The cabin was a little tiny old wooden house my father had built a very, very long time ago, he started it when he was 16 years old and had finished it by the time I was first-born. It wasn't much but it was cozy and warm if you lit it right, it was one big room, nothing special was inside, just a small cooler I'd gotten from the hob and a dark blue cot that was meant for only one person. A large thick gray comforter engulfed the cot. I used it for emergencies only, like if I was caught in the middle of a storm while hunting. Other than the cooler, the cot and the comforter, nothing else but a couple of spare arrows and some books, candles and a couple extra-large blankets littered the room. There was also a small fireplace in the corner across from the cot. Peeta and I stumbled through the front door, both of us gasping and panting, our lips were swollen, his hair was sticking in every direction from my nails clawing and tugging at his scalp and hair. His shirt is completely off, revealing his large and I mean large muscles. I couldn't believe how large his muscles were in his chests, arms and shoulder holy shit. I parted our lips and took a moment to drink in his incredible beauty. I had no idea he was this built. I trail my fingertips down his chest, his sides, up his back to his shoulders coming to a rest around his neck. "Your so beautiful" I blushed. "I love you" He blurted out and there was that word again. That word that had gotten us out in the rain and into this position. Those three deadly, serious words that changes everything. I connect our lips not wanting him to talk again. I move my body closer to his until there is no space between us, he and I shiver at the same time as my wet body makes contact with his bare chest. That's when I pull my shirt up over my body and rid myself of the soaked fabric. My shirt makes a wet slapping noise as it is tossed to the ground. I don't want to stop, I will really die if he stops or pulls away. He goes for my lips again, but I hold my index finger up between us,