Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. ~0~ ~~Bella~~ The bar was becoming crowded and noisy. I loved working amongst the buzz of laughter and clinking glasses. The vibe of a bar was usually perfect, but it seemed as though the entire population of twenty-somethings had decided that this, seemingly uncool hotel bar, was the current hot spot in Vancouver. I had been in the bar for two hours and had spread my paraphernalia—pens, notes, laptop—across the table. I sensed someone was watching me and I felt suddenly self-conscious and anxious. When I looked up, two gorgeous young things with the shortest of mini skirts were waiting expectantly and ready to pounce and claim my table. If only I knew of a quieter and a less crowded bar in which to write. I also wondered why this bar was suddenly so packed on this particular night. I'd been coming here for five nights, and it had never been this busy, not even on the weekend. Something must be happening tonight. The mostly female patrons were animated and giggly and dressed to impress. It was a Tuesday; maybe it was happy hour? I looked at clock on my laptop. It was 11:47pm. Can't be happy hour, surely? I attempted to gather my papers in order, and before I had even closed the lid on my laptop, the two slim wanna-be super-models dived towards me. "Are you leaving?" they immediately placed their rather fruity but non-potent looking cocktails on the table and then stood straight and possessive. "Yes, feel free to sit down" I smiled, and hastily assembled everything into my bag. I sculled the last dregs of my wine and headed through a sea of scantily clad bodies out the door. Once I hit the lobby, the sound morphed from noisy bar to the whisperings of classical Debussy playing softly throughout the hotel's hidden speakers. I paused. I didn't want to go back to my hotel room to write. I needed people around me, people to observe, people to make noise and interact. I couldn't write a thing cooped up alone in my room. I trudged over to the concierge desk. It was Mike on duty. He was sweet and very helpful and I was sure he could suggest somewhere local I could go to get what I needed. "Hi Mike!" "Good evening Ms Swan, enjoying your evening?" "Well, I'm busy with writing, but the bar is just so crowded tonight, and I can't really justify taking up a whole table to myself. There is obviously something exciting happening, and what I really need is somewhere not so crowded, but with people and a bar, and um, somewhere close-by, as I usually work through the night, and want it to be easy to come back to my room. Can you suggest any bars locally that fit the bill?" I didn't know why I gave him so much information. I had the habit of rambling incessantly, especially to people that I didn't know well. He looked pensive for a moment and then he leaned in and said, "We have a private bar on the 25th floor, it's open 24 hours and is only used by our VIP guests." Mike leaned behind the desk and held up a purple unmarked swipe card. "Of course, I get to make the call on who is a VIP guest, so here". He handed it to me and smiled. "I think you'll find it an inspiring place to write and they have a larger selection of Australian wines than the lobby bar." "Thanks heaps Mike!" I had mentioned to Mike that I was homesick the first night I arrived. He had smiled at me knowingly and after I had set myself up in the lobby bar, a young waiter had approached my table with a bottle of Brokenwood Chardonnay 'with compliments'. I could have kissed him (and Mike), but instead I'd handed him a generous tip and thanked him about twenty times. It was amazing how much work I had gotten done once I had the familiar bottle in an ice bucket on my table. Mike's smile interrupted me from my reverie and he stepped out from behind the concierge desk and guided me to the lift. "Simply swipe the card over the card reader and press 25. The bar is at the end of the hall on the right. It doesn't look like a bar from the outside; just go on in. I'll let the bar-staff know you're on your way up." And with that, the lift doors opened and he told me to enjoy my evening. Once in the lift I swiped the card and pressed the button for the 25th floor. I hadn't given Mike a tip. I think I should have, but I didn't know. I was still trying to get my head around what the etiquette was for tipping, but hey, he knew I was from Australia, so I'm sure he wasn't offended. I mentally reminded myself to give him one the next time I saw him. I walked down the hall and looked at the door at the end. The only indication that I was in the right spot was a purple rectangular plaque on the door. It was the exact same shade of purple as the swipe card. Wow, this must be a really exclusive bar . I swiped the card and pushed on the door. When I stepped inside I was blown away. The room was expansive, but my eyes were instantly drawn to the floor-to-ceiling glass windows, revealing the city lights beyond. The shiny glass also reflected back the muted ceiling lights. There were intimate circular booths with glass-topped tables that were scattered around the outside of the room. The bar was on the far right along the wall. In the middle of the room stood a shiny black grand piano and a square of parquetry dance floor. The carpet was a rich burgundy and little candles in red glass holders flickered on each table. There were low plush chairs with knee height circular tables in clusters along the breadth of the glass windows. Beyond the glass was an intimate balcony, accessed by double glass doors that were propped open. "Good evening Ms Swan." A young and handsome waiter greeted me and offered to take my bag. He looked like he should be on the cover of a men's health magazine. His crystal clear blue eyes sparkled; his dirty blonde hair was pulled back neatly into a slick ponytail, secured at the nape of his neck. His lips kind of curled up at the sides in a smile that looked a little sexy. You could see the strain of his white cotton shirt across his broad shoulders. I could only imagine what a magnificently buff specimen he was underneath that shirt. I blushed at the thought. "Hello." I gingerly handed my bag strap to him and he led me to a booth that had a spectacular view of the room. It was the only table that didn't have a candle. Instead, it had a bright halogen light illuminating it, making the shiny black glass reflect a soft glow. I sat down and scooted across the deep red velvet upholstery to sit in the middle, my hands stretched out running across the lip of the table. It was the most opulent environment I think I'd ever been in. I looked over the piano admiring the view of the city lights beyond. The waiter placed my bag delicately on the seat next to me. "Please let me know if I can get you anything," he said, handing me the wine list that was luxuriously bound in red leather. "Thank you." I let out the breath I was holding and he casually strode back to the bar. I noticed that the binder was marked with gold ribbon, and when I opened to the marked page the wines were displayed in order of price and the ones highlighted were Australian. Mike was excellent at his job. I instantly recognized my favorite and even the price was pretty reasonable. Before I could call the waiter back, he was standing in front of me as if he appeared from thin air, ready to hear my selection. "I'll have a bottle of the Bridgewater Mill Sauvignon Blanc please." "Certainly Ms Swan," and he retreated with a smile when I returned the list. I leant back into the soft velvet and sighed. This was the life: luxury in Vancouver Canada. My mouth watered in anticipation for the wine that would soon be presented to me and I felt instantly re-energized as I hurriedly unpacked my bag: laptop, notes, pen. It made me giddy to think that just seven days ago I was busily packing in my apartment in Sydney, Australia. I was on the trip of a lifetime, to visit a foreign country with the sole purpose of finishing my novel and using the prize money that I just simply never thought I would win. How lucky could a girl get? ~0~ I visited the 'purple' bar every night at about 10pm. I knew I really should have gotten over my jet lag by now and been living on Vancouver time, but I was on a writing roll and I didn't want to disrupt it. There is nothing worse than writer's block. The bar was fantastic, and even though it had some quiet times where I was the only guest, from around 10:30pm-2am the odd VIP or two sauntered in to sip expensive whiskey or champagne as they watched the city lights and then they would disappear onto the small balcony to smoke cigars or cigarettes and then saunter in to finish their drinks. There were no more than five people in the bar at any time. The guests were not at all like the fashionistas in the lobby bar. I had observed they were generally older businessmen in very expensive looking suits, or elderly American couples that were obviously retired and traveling. I hadn't really seen another guest that was younger than about fifty-five. At home, I would have called this the old fogies bar. However, I welcomed the change and didn't feel uncomfortable without people of my own age present. In fact, I think I preferred it. They left me be and I didn't feel the need to socialize, or worry about what I was wearing. I was in writer's heaven, I could just sit and it all came to me so easily. I had to stop only to take a savoring sip of my wine, nibble on some cashews, or use the very luxurious ladies room. For the last few days, I hadn't really left the hotel. I would write all night, and then crawl into bed and sleep the day away, only being re-energized again to get up, showered, dressed and catch a meal in the restaurant downstairs or call room service before gliding up to the bar itching to write and drink in the atmosphere. Pouring the last glass from my bottle of Vintage Croser, I let it drip, drip, drip into my flute and I stashed it back in the ice bucket, neck down. I closed my eyes as I slowly sipped; savoring with pure delight the memories it brought back to me of home. Then I sighed, placed my glass on the table and continued to write. I hadn't even looked at the time, and even though my eyes felt dry and tired, I told myself to just keep going and let it all come out. I assumed it was pretty late, but I just didn't want to stop when it was flowing so freely. Then I noticed someone