Chapter one. Melted butterscotch. A/N; warnings for; anorexia, cruel Snape, and language, ignorant Remus and dealing with depression. i'm going to be honest folks, as much as i love cooking i'm a disaster waiting to happen in the kitchen.I don't own any of the recipes, or the is much shorter than my other works but a nice stress reliever. read) "Harry, my boy!" the jovial man excited, spreading his arms. Harry nodded politely, pulling his trunk after him in the circular office. "Sir." he looked at the portraits, half missing and the other half sleeping, it was a depressing sight, because the sleeping portraits looked like they were dead. "I believe everything went as expected?" Albus Dumbledore, the headmaster asked kindly, extending his hand from his pocket he gestured at Harry. "Sherbet Lemon Harry?" Harry declined politely and settled down on a antique chair settled across the desk, the tall brute man standing behind him. Blue eyes and freckled face, with his red hair pulled in a ponytail behind his back, Bill,Weasley was at the peak of his life, as of now he was one of Harry's advance Guards, escorting the boy to Albus's office as earlier planned. "You'll be fine on your own?" He asked the raven haired boy, even though the boy was already fifteen, Bill and Charlie both felt extremely protective of him since they had met him when he was twelve. Harry smiled slightly and nodded his head. "I will, thank you Bill." he shook the curse breakers hand and smiled softly. Bill nodded at Albus again before departing by the floo, shouting out 'the burrow!' loudly before disappearing in a whisk of flames. "Has Bill told you anything? About your current situation Harry?" Dumbledore settled down on his own chair, popping another lemon drop in his mouth. The teenager nodded curtly. "Yes sir, he explained everything." Albus eyed the boy warily. "And what do you think?" his baby blue eyes were twinkling madly and he was hiding a huge grin behind his long lengthy grey beard. Harry shook his head, fumbling with the small plastic bird like key chain. "I'm not sure. Not really, if you could..." Albus nodded, smiling widely. "Harry, first you have to understand that this is the best solution the order could come up with, as you know Voldemort is getting more powerful as each day passes and the blood wards might not be enough anymore." The old man snapped his fingers, a small plate of pastries appearing on bis desk. He was aware of Harry's sweet tooth, had heard from the sugar rushes the boy had from the order members and knew that if the boy who lived had any weaknesses, it would be sweets. Harry eyed the plate warily, he would not take that pastry, he was on a diet. You're on a diet! He thought desperately. "Do you want to try one?" Harry could swore the man was laughing at him when he couldn't take his eyes off the plate, those delicious looking scones and butterscotches just sitting there on that plate, waiting to be tasted by Harry, he would kill for the secret recipe, he had been trying to get out of the house elves for a while. What made those scones so perfect and delicious, or what made the butterscotches taste so crunchy but soft at the same time. Just one, he pleaded, wrestling with his self will. Just a fingertip...you're on diet! He whimpered, looking away. "I can't." he answered the headmaster, looking ready to cry. Albus laughed, shaking his head. "Whatever happens in this room, stays here Harry. Feel free to eat as your heart desires." Harry felt like he was being bribed, but he couldn't focus, his entirety was focused on those scones, oh how much he wanted one right now... "I can't." yes you can, just take one. Where's your Gryffindor courage? You're on a diet Potter! Get a hold of yourself! Albus heaved a regrettable sigh and snapped his fingers again, the plate disappearing with a loud clank. "Alas, that was our best made scones, with fresh butter and milk." "Fresh?!" Harry looked ready to melt, why hadn't he taken it? Damn you Potter, damn you! Dumbledore, chuckled, seeing the devastated look in the boy's eyes. "Moving on, I believe this temporary arrangements will be good for the both of you Harry, Spinners end is more secure than here or the burrow at any rate and you shouldn't worry at all when you have Professor Snape with you." "Good for whom exactly Professor? We'll both be dead by the end of the week if left alone for too long." Harry grumbled, spinning the key chain in his palm, the motion calmed his super hyper nerves. The headmaster laughed once again, stroking his beard. "No Harry, but believe me when I say, both of you could use each other, Severus might be a little stubborn, but I'm sure you get through him." Harry grunted, he absolutely /hated/ this turn of events, just last week, he was at the burrow longing on Ron's bed, or helping Molly in the kitchen, life was good. But now... He was being shipped off to live with Snape, to who knows where for who knows how long, being cut off from the rest of the world without nay means of communication or human exhibition for at least twenty miles away. Well, aside from Snape, but he really didn't count /him/ as a human being. More like a giant bat. He thought snarkly. "Now there Harry, be reasonable, Professor Snape has accepted to take over your guardianship until you're of age. You should be grateful." he scolded the sour teenager softly, watching the inner conflict with interest. Harry heaved another sigh. "Yes sir, but are you absolutely sure.." "Yes Harry I'm sure." he said firmly. "I'm afraid there is no way out of this one." Harry sighed in defeat, he didn't look forward to living with Snape at all. "How did he even accept this arrangement? He hates me!" this was the only question really bugging Harry for a while. They both hated each other, that emotion was certainly mutual, he hated Harry and Harry hated him back out of spite. There was no questioning it, it was just the way things were. What changed that? "I believe that is the question we both want to be answered my boy." Albus drawled in amusement. He sighed and stood up, gesturing Harry closed. The shorter boy scrambled to his feet. "Sir, just be to be sure, I can't send or receive any owls, right?" his tone was laced with dread, he couldn't even imagine himself locked up with Snape in a rundown house with no means of communication, completely secluded. Once again fate was messing with him. They had an interesting relationship, he and fate, she just insisted to kick him in the face again and again when he thought nothing else could go wrong. And he just kept getting kicked without giving any blows. "Yes Harry, but don't worry, I'm sure your friends will be delighted to send your packages through Dobby. Whenever required." he added silently, putting his hand solidly on Harry's shoulder. "I have a portkey waiting for us in three minutes Harry, be prepared." Harry did so, by clasping his hand around the truck's handle, he stuffed his key chain back in his back pocket, and made sure that he still had his wand. "Can I communicate with you sir?" He asked suddenly, he wondered how long it took Snape to throw him out of the house, or floo Dumbledore to come and retrieve his golden boy. Or better yet, kill him in his sleep. Harry shuddered, he had to lock his room. He decided, one never knew if his potion Processor had homicide urges. "...Harry? "Albus called him, waving his hand in front of his green eyes. Harry blinked owlishly, snapping out of his stupor. "Excuse me?" "I said do you have everything you need?" Harry nodded distractingly, looking around the office for the last time for who knew how long. "Sir you didn't answer my question." he said suddenly, looking at Dumbledore. Albus sighed and grabbed the portkey, Harry hurried after the man and grabbed the edge of the cooking magazine. What a irony, he thought slyly. "Just tell Severus Harry." the old man winked before Harry felt a sickening pull behind his navel, feeling as if his guts were in his throat and his heart was beating next to his brain, the couple whirled in a mash of colors, spinning madly. Harry let go of the portkey just in time to crash against the cobblestoned street, groaning as he felt his trunk dropping on his side with a loud crash. Ouch, he winced, cursing under his breath. Harry climbed to his feet slowly, wincing as his hip protested. That's going to bruise, he thought before looking around, feeling his mouth go dry all of a sudden. Spinners end was exactly the way Harry had expected it to be, grim. Even the air was heavier and more humid, the street was narrow and he could smell trash even from where he stood. He looked around the deserted street. More like an alley. He thought, awful neighborhood, and dogs barking. Great, he thought sarcastically, exactly his image of a perfect home. "Shall we Harry?" the old man didn't wait for him to answer, instead he took off to one of the houses far off the narrow cobblestoned alley. Harry shuddered, biting his lips self consciously before following after the headmaster. Every ounce of self doubt and dread was back, this place looks like a dump. He thought to himself, wincing inwardly. Lock the front door and your bedroom and lock the windows Potter, maybe he should keep a kitchen knife with him. Just in case. Harry trailed after the strolling man, who seemed oddly out of place in his bright purple robes and his waist length beard, popping sweets in his mouth and strolling as if he was in a park. Crazy, all of them. Harry thought, shaking his head. What would Sirius say? Seeing me like this? Harry had no idea since the man was currently in Belgium with Remus, doing merlin knew what, probably on a mission. He knew that Sirius rather let Harry die than let him spend his time here, living with 'snivelous '. They reached a dingy porch, and an unhinged gate standing awry and a little bit rusted. Harry sighed warily, this place was safe? Harry's cupboard had more bolts on it than the gate. "Come Harry." Albus called, already at the door. Harry followed hesitantly, not quite sure why he had agree to this. Because you had no choice. His mind snapped back at him. Oh, now I remember, Harry rolled his eyes. Yes, he did remember the headmaster flooing in yesterday, while Harry and the Weasleys were enjoying a good beef stroganoff made by Harry and a particularly good chocolate pudding, also made by Harry as a celebration, and then Dumbledore just had to barge in right then. Right as Harry was about to eat his first spoonful. The only desert he was allowed to have for the week. Stupid old coot. Harry frowned darkly, dragging his trunk past the gate, careful not to hit it to the gate, it looked ready to fall off already. Harry didn't need Snape down his throat the moment he got there. The door, not so surprisingly was open, honestly the whole house looked deserted. Harry followed Dumbledore swiftly, once again making sure to pick up a kitchen knife as soon as he unpacked. Dumbledore walked down the grim filled hallway and into the house, Harry left his trunk by the door and followed the man hastily. He looked around the empty walls. Nothing, no pictures, no wallpaper, no cobwebs. Grey walls. It's just two years Harry. Two years from