chapter one. What makes the little Bastard think I don't care about him? That was the question that Severus Snape asked himself everyday since last week. The question that revolved around his son's latest temper tantrum since last week. And the damn question that didn't leave him alone no matter what he did. He even woke up with the thought swirling in his mind. What had he done to make Harry think he was being neglected? Severus was a good parent. He knew that, even if he wasn't the best, he was always there for his son, no matter the situation, Harry always came first. Now be it clothes, or his job, or his love life, his position in the school, in every situation Harry was first. It was always about Harry's comfort, if he was hot or cold, hungry or sad, had been arguing or had deserved a detention. Ever since Severus Snape adopted Harry after his parents abounded him, it had always been Harry. And he loved that, don't get him wrong, Severus loved showing his son and rest of the world just hoe much he loved his son, Harry was always dubious, he was always self-conscious about his self worth, ever since James and Lily had left the child in the streets, with nowhere to go to. Telling him, just how much they hated him and no one could ever care for him. That was the main reason why Severus always made sure to be two steps ahead of his son, sometimes even spoiling him when he went into one of his depression fits. It wasn't normal at first, the boy would completely shut down, lying motionless on his bed for days until something snapped him out of it. Severus got curious, and investigated the situation. There was another thing to be worry about apparently , he had found out two months after adopting Harry, the reason why he suffers of depression. Lily and James didn't just neglect the child. They out right abused him, it made his blood boil, knowing that his long time friend, Lily who had known just how destructive abuse could be. Turned into an abuser. After that sudden discovery, he stepped into great lengths to make sure Harry was always loved and happy. He knew what Harry even wanted, before the child could open his mouth, of course Severus never out right spoiled him, spoiling was a Form of abuse it self, and Snape was against that anyway. But learning that his son never had any toys or never had eaten an ice-cream, broke his heart. And Harry, always the kind loving boy, never took advantage of it. Never, did he whine or disagreed with him when he knew that Severus was right. He even took to calling Severus dad after two years of living together, it came so naturally to him, that Snape wondered if he had ever called James by his title. Ever since the child was ten, it had always been him and Severus, with the exception of his annoying friends Granger and Weasley, who still hated him as much as he hated them. But that was no reason to withhold his son from seeing his friends. So he had tolerated their presence down in his Chambers or in his home twice a week. Ignoring them as much as they kept ignoring him, all of the retreating when it came to Harry. It had been so normal for the two of them to wake up at noon, take turns to clean the house or do the laundry, or their evening sessions, always filled with a sugar hyper Harry describing his day for his dad, and expecting advice when needed, excitedly telling him about his grades, just to see Severus smile at him or tell him how proud he is of Harry. Life was easy for them, but never boring, not for Harry anyway. Severus nearly had a heart attack when he heard Harry facing a mountain troll, or when he saw him trashing on his cursed broom, he felt a few white hairs appear in his hair when he found Harry and his friends unconscious in the hospital wing. And that was only the beginning, that was the first time he had ever punished or lectured Harry. He could barely believe it himself, his Harry, kind, Angel like Harry, who didn't even think about breaking the rules had broken down the traps and had went after the damn stone. Explicitly after Snape told him not to. He even blamed it on Weasley and Granger at first, claiming that they had been a bad influence on his son, and that he wanted Harry removed from the Gryffindor dormitories and back in his own room. For a moment there Harry looked shocked himself as Severus listed off the school rules /and/ the personal rules he had broken, Harry had then hanged his head down in shame, and to everyone's horror started crying. Severus had froze mid lecture, pondering whether he was too harsh on Harry or not. That was the moment Granger and Weasley started hating him. He rushed to Harry's side, asking if he was in pain of not, and all ready to call Poppy if needed. The child shook his head and continued crying, Severus, at his wits end, ended up pulling the boy in his lap, hugging the boy to his chest and muttering sweet words in his ear to calm him down. /him/, Severus Snape, the bat of dungeons, the greasy git sat there on a dingy hospital bed with his son on his lap, comforting him in front of a jovial Dumbledore and two gaping Gryffindors. His ego never recovered. After finals asking why Harry was crying, Harry had tearfully reminded him that he would throw Harry away, and that he was sorry to be such a stupid useless freak. That led to another discovery. The boy's aunt and uncle, whom Harry had stayed with every summer before being picked up by James and Lily, were terrified of magic, which led to them to pushing Harry at every whim and over petty reasons, calling him names and then reporting his /freakish/ behavior to James and Lily. Snape had almost committed murder the night he learned the information. The night after the infirmary accident, when he tried to punish Harry by spanking him. After nearly sending Harry into another hysterical fit, Severus swore to never raise his hand on his son, ever again. He punished Harry by taking away privileges, or in extreme cases, which hardly happened at all, he would make him sort out the disgusting ingredients, or made him scrub cauldrons, threatening to do so until Harry's fingers fell off. Harry took him very seriously, and never did anything the whole summer. Severus almost wished he had, after the second year came around. Aside from the Dobby incident, and the warning letter from the ministry, Harry had been miserable ever since the whole school found out that he was a parseltongue, his whole house, except for his friends turning back on him and the whole chamber of secrets chaos happened in the midst. Even the Hufflepuffs thought that Harry was Slytherin's heir. Harry was devastated, of course, and Severus felt responsible for not stopping Harry from talking to the snake, or being quick enough to banish the thing. Granger's petrified figure, was the last straw, sending his son, and Weasley, once again in danger. Down in the /chamber of secrets / with that idiot Lockheart following them while Snape was too busy making the potion that would return them all to their normal states. The boy had /fought / a giant basilisk! Of all things lacking down in that damned chamber had to be a bloody basilisk, even the thought made him nauseous. Harry had battled the animal, killed it by stabbing it through its mouth and being poisoned in the process. He was / poisoned / by a basilisk, the deadliest creature with the deadliest poison, Severus's heart did give out that night, he had spent the night with Harry and Granger in the hospital wing, lecturing the boy within an inch of his life and grounding him for the whole summer, which Weasley thought was very unfair. It was startling to see the differences, between his innocent sweet nine year old son, who always obeyed him and loved him, kissing him on the cheek everyday and telling him how much loved him no matter the public to this accident prone Harry, who always endangered his life to save the others. Breaking the rules as if they were naught . Even going so far as to /stole / from him to make a dangerous NEWTS level potion in a bathroom. Three twelve years Olds. Severus really wanted to spank the boy that night, spitting in rage and worry at the same time, switching between the worried dotting single dad, to a shouting mess. That night, was the first night Harry had ever argued with him. Claiming that he had to do what he had done because there was a life at risk and he was the only parseltongue in the school. He stood his ground, saying that as Harry's parent, he had every right to pull Harry out of the school right then and there, knowing that they would hire him as soon as he resigned from his post at Hogwarts. That made Weasely and Granger hate him more. That was also the first time that Harry gave him the silent treatment. The first time that he stopped kissing him on the cheek every morning and the following week, Severus was angry, beyond his imagination, and had done nothing when the boy stopped his evening sessions. They apologized a week after that, Severus finally feeling guilty for shouting at Harry in front of the whole infirmary, and Harry admitting that he was scared to death and needed insurance instead of yells and shouts. A week after Harry's birthday, Severus met her. Janet Luciano, shopping in an apothecary store at the same time as him, also a potion mistress, with shiny black hair and blue startling eyes. They started as friends, a coffee here or there, or a outing with Harry often tagging along. They had so much in common, their hobbies, talents, likes and dislikes... Everything matched. Severus couldn't help but get more interested. And so was Janet. They started dating by the time Harry started his third year, and progressing each day, falling passionately for each other. Severus couldn't be more happy, everything was in place, he had a son, a loving girlfriend and a good career, life was good. And Harry... Well Harry did say that he was happy for the both of them, giving his blessing when Janet decided to move in with them. Janet absolutely adored Harry, already acting like a dotting mother, making his favorite foods, packing him clothes and doing what every other mother did. Harry, on the other hand... Was not as happy. He hid it well in front of Janet, Severus gave him that, but the potion master knew his son better than that, he could read distrust and disdain all over him as they interacted with each other, he saw how Harry made subtle faces as he saw Janet occasionally calling him son, or making his favorite food. He let if go unnoticed for three other weeks, before he couldn't take it anymore. He had asked Harry if he was still fine with his choice in partner and Harry had once again given his blessing, admitting that he was a little over worked because of his studies. Severus never believed him, but let it slip again. The relationship progressed even further, by June that year Severus was considering to ask Janet to marry him. At first he felt like it was rushing it, but then decided that he would propose after Harry's birthday, and they