Chapter one; prologue Fully edited. tell me if there is something wrong with the contents please. read and review enjoy. Pain. That was all Harry James Potter knew. Pain. Bone crushing pain, the kind of pain that ate away at your body like acid, the kind of pain that laeves you feeling like you never get back up, when your world's come crumbling down all around you and you just stand there, knowing that things will never be the same again. Only it was worse. It was worse than any kinds of pain Harry Potter had felt in his short life, including the endless Crucios he had received from Voldemort's wand just minutes ago. It was just as endless, but not any less painful. His body was on fire, on fire with rage, and sorrow and pain... But mostly pain. He didn't even try to comprehend what happened around him. With his mind blank unblissfully . The kind of blank when you try and try and oh god, try! To keep the thoughts from invading your mind, only to have them shredding your brain like pieces of glass. He just didn't want to think about it. The only thing he wanted to do, was to just lay there, on the ground, his body in a crumbled heap on the top of his dead lover's corpse. With his face firmly attached to his chest, waiting for a heart beat he knew wouldn't come. Nothing else mattered. People could all die at that moment. He could die right there and then and he didn't give a damn. He didn't care how many times Ron and Hermione called his name in vain, trying to comfort him, or no matter how firm Dumbledore 's hold was on his wrist, trying to detach the boy from the body. He ignored every sob and scream thrown his way. Nothing mattered, because he was in pain. Immense pain. He could've screamed. He could've raged and rambled on. Or more importantly, he could've saved Cedric. But he didn't. He didn't and now... here he was. Lying motionless on the top of him, clutching the body like a lifeline and refusing to let go. He did not scream, he did not rage or cry. He just laid, his eyes gazing in Cedric's dead grey eyes. If it hadn't been for his uneven breathing, they would've thought him dead too, with one of his arms around Cedric's waist and the other firmly gripping the damned cup. He felt a familiar voice soothing his nerves, it might have been Remus's, gently telling him to let go, or it could've been Ron's... Harry couldn't bring himself to care. Not really. His heightened sense picked up distant cries, a feminine cry, not unlike his own mother's. And Harry felt sad for that voice, he really did. He should get up to calm the voice, but really didn't have it in him, so he just lay there, his breath hitching with each passing second as he tried to rid the thoughts away, only to let them come back in, racking him like a typhoon. " such a handsome boy. " Voldemort cooed, titling Cerdic's face with his foot. " Don't touch him! " Harry screeched through his tears, his whole body shaking in binds with each loud sob. Harry clamped his eyes shut and scrunched up his nose, biting his lip hard enough to draw blood, and he did... The warm crimson liquid dripped down his chin seconds after. " you take the cup. " " No. we take it together Ced... It'd be a Hogwarts victory anyway. " he paused for a second before adding. "I love you. " " I love you too. " Cedric said without hesitation. His vision blurred as he opened his eyes again, even more so without his glasses. Shaking his head savagely. " want to dance with me? " " in your dreams Diggory. " " you mean this isn't a dream? " Is this a dream? Harry wondered. It could be a dream, a really bad one, but still a dream. Then he would wake up. That's what people did after dreaming, waking up. And then everything would be better, the world would be brighter and Cedric would be there to nag at him for hours to wake up. He needed to wake up. Harry deciede, blinking owlishly at the harsh colors gracing the stands, hundreds of students being escorted away, familiar faces swimming in the crowd, faces that did not belong to Cedric. Harry opened his eyes again, willing the dream to end, only to open his eyes and see the same scene again. " don't do it. Don't enter the tournament Ced. " " what is a life without risks? " he gave a cocky grin. " a life without you. " Harry snapped. " don't be ridiculous Harry. It's just a game. " Just a stupid game. A game he lost. Harry was right, wasn't he? He was always right about these things. " you know what else we have in common Potter?" Voldemort cackled madly, his face inches from Harry's. " we're like a poisonous fruit, a forbidden one. We spoil everything we touch. " the voice was still as clear as it was an hour ago. Spoil everything we touch. The sentence should've been making sense to him by now, but he was in too much shock that his brain couldn't even process the words, or filter them into meanings. And Harry didn't bother to find out, the more he stayed in his fatal position, the more he liked it, he and Cedric hadn't been really open about their relationship before, but now...now that...that Cedric was... Harry's eyes snapped open, and he sat up with a gasp, his hand still clutching Cedric's cold body . He threw the cup away carelessly, his body still on Cedric's and his other hand tentively caressing the corpse in a disbelieving state, the cold flesh flexing under his soft touch, the grey stormy eyes still open as Harry's clouded mind began to clear. The field fell into a nournful silence. No one dared to move, no one dared to make a sound, no one dared to breath as Harry inspected the body, his hands pausing on the body's chest, it lingered, with Harry's eyes still fixed on Cedric's, the palm shifted, searching for a heart beat... Everyone knew in vain. Everyone knew Cedric was long gone by now, even his parents who were as silent as the others. Just watching Harry with widened shocked eyes. The hand pressed down softly, as if urging the heart to start working. Harry's glazed over eyes suddenly widened, his uneven breathing turned into a complete hyperventilation as the hand frantically moved to Cedric's mouth and nose, checking for a breath... The other hand left its post on Cedric's chest and joined the other in Cedric's bronze locks. Harry's loud gasps filled the clearing, everyone was still as silent as a mouse, no one, not even the minister, nor Dumbledore, no one uttered a word as they watched boy calling Cedric's name. " Cedric? " The whisper broke. Harry shook his head, leaning down. " Cedric, wake up. "he urged, the voice was hoarse from the gut wrenching screams, but strong enough to reach everyone's ears. " Cedric wakeup! " Harry raised his voice slightly, not taking his eyes off of Diggory's face. Harry snatched his hands away suddenly, recoiling as if burned, holding them in front of his mouth. Covering the agape bloodied lips, And he screamed. At the top of his lungs, he screamed and screamed. Harry scrambled away from the body still screaming as he drawn his knees to his chest. The screams now had a direct purpose. " CEDRIC! CEDRIC! CERDIC WAKE UP! PLEASE WAKE UP! I'M SORRY! I'M SORRY! " the screams never died, turning into loud heart breaking sobs, Harry screamed and sobbed, his eyes were locked into Cedric's unsseing ones as if pleading him to wake up. Harry sat there broken and sobbing, screaming his love to Cedric at the top of his lungs as he apologized over and over. Dumbledore made a move to get to him but his friends were faster. Ron raced to his friend, Hermione on his tail as they caught their friend in their arms. " RON! RON! TELL HIM TO WAKE UP! PLEASE! IT'S A DREAM! " Potter sobbed in his friend's chest. The scene was so disturbing that even Snape turned his head away, unable to see it without losing his stoic mask. " WAKE UP... " Harry's frantical screams trailed down to sobs, as his brain finally caught up with the facts. " kill the spare! " " NOOOOO!" Harry was on fire, every bit of his skin, was on fire, his body squashed between Ron and Hemrione's bodies, and his cries dampened, by the sudden chaos, muffled by Ron's and Hemrione's silent soothing. It finally settled in his head. Cedric was dead. Dead as in not coming back. As in not breathing or eating or sleeping. Dead. His lively, beautiful Cedric was dead. Dead and gone and never coming back. Harry cried harder, his sobs once again erupting to screams. " Out of my way! Out of my way! " the school's matron pushed her way in, with Mcgonagal and surprisingly Snape trailing behind her as the ministry officials and other professors ushered the students back to the castle. Madam Pomfrey raced to Harry's side, the boy hidden between his protective friends, hushing the boy quietly. " Let him go Mr. Weasley, I take it from here, you too Granger. " the healer said softly. Obediently but still reluctant the teenagers moved away, still holding Potter's hands in their own. Harry wasn't even aware of anything. His eyes were clamped shut and his mouth was frantically moving, mouthing words that no one could hear. The boy didn't even seem aware of his surrendering, with his knees still drawn to his chest, his left leg heavily bleeding along with his left forearm, and his whole frame shaking with the after affects of prolonged exposure to Cruciatuse. Poppy was surprised that the boy was even alive. He cannot walk, the matron concluded, conjuring a stretcher with her wand, gently lowering the heaving boy on it with a quick levitation charm and then raced towards the castle. Hours after that was all chaos and everything in between was a big blur, even for the headmaster. Diggorys finally found some alone closure with their dead son in the headmaster's office. They couldn't move the body in the infirmary with Harry still in it. Severus and Minerva found the imposter posing as Mad eye moody, when Snape found moody drinking polyjuice potion from his cap, he and Minerva handed Barty crouch. J. To the minister himself, while the minister stood there, blubbering like an idiot, finally demanding to know what happened, but after a quick trip down to the infirmary for interrogation,although after seeing Harry's hysterical state, he hastened his way out, mumbling about contacting him at the moment's notice. Hooch and Sinistra ushered the children in their common rooms, positioning the perfects and the head girl to stop anyone from leaving. it was basically a school lockdown. Pomona left Cedric's parents to grieve and left for her own chaotic common room, leaving Albus with nothing to do but to sit in the infirmary, listening to Harry's anguished screams as the boy raged and sobbed hysterically, even after downing four adult doses vials of calming draught ;five would be over dose. All the windows shattered by his accidental magic twice in a row, while Sirius and Remus tried to hold the boy down enough so Poppy could do her work. Ron and Hermione were both huddled in a corner crying themselves , forgotten by the adults as all the focus was on Harry. Who was trashing in the bed,