These are not my characters or world, I'm merely borrowing them to play for a bit. Warning: This story does, vaguely, reference adult relations and the subject of suicide. Not directly, and the ending is hopeful, but I'd rather have someone not read the story because of this warning than have it cause distress. She felt a fool. The shieldmaiden of Rohan, she who slew the Witch King of Angmar, was reduced to pacing the walkways of the gardens. Even knowing that she was playing the fool she could not help herself, and she was able to sit on one of the many stone benches that lined the path for only short moments before nerves drove her to walk again. It wasn't that she was not going to be happy to see him! He was her brother, the only family she now had left, and until recently he had been her closest friend and confidant. When she had received the letter he had written to her from Cormallen, containing the news that he had not only survived the battle at the Morannon but was unhurt, she had wept with relief. Four times he had ridden to battle in as many weeks, and each time he had returned with little more than scratches and a few bruises. Surely he was blessed by the gods, whatever else he might be. But so much had happened since he rode from Minas Tirith. There was so much to tell him, to make him understand, and she still hadn't settled on the best way of explaining it all. How could she make him understand when she didn't fully understand herself? Impatience drove her to rise and start walking once more, her eyes moving to glance at the door from the Houses. Still no sign of a messenger. She turned and walked to where she could look over the wall and survey the Pelennor. The camps had been established, the corrals built, and even from this distance she could see the standard that marked his tent. Clearly he was making her wait. Her brows drew together as a new thought occurred to her; was he punishing her? Was this some sort of payback for not obeying his last summons? It would be just like him, the stubborn man… There was a crunch of gravel behind her, and she spun towards the sound, then smiled warmly as she rushed forward. "Merry!" The hobbit's face broke into a grin as he continued towards her. When they met, he offered a deep bow, making her laugh as she shook her head. "Merry, you have no need to bow to me, my friend!" "Ah, well, my lady, I'm not here as your friend this evening. Well, not just as your friend at any rate." He grinned again and gave a small tug to the tunic he wore, which was of a deep green with the white horse embroidered on it. "I'm here as a messenger, you see. Eomer King has asked me to bring you to him. At your convenience, of course." She answered dryly, remembering her previous frustration with the delay. "Of course. And I am certain he worded it in just that way." Merry looked slightly abashed and shifted his feet. "My lady…" She laughed, putting her hand on his shoulder. "I only tease you, Merry. A messenger has to be gracious with his words, while a brother has less need for courtesy. I had begun to wonder if he was ever going to send for me at all!" She laughed again. "Well, Meriadoc, Knight of the Mark, take me to him. And on the way tell me of your time in Ithilien!" Together they left the Houses of Healing and passed through the city, winding their way down to the camps on the Pelennor. Eowyn was content to let Merry prattle on as they walked, and he told her all about what had happened since he had left the Houses weeks before. He did not speak of the battle, or of any dark news, but rather described the ceremony to honor Frodo and Sam, the dances and gatherings, and of course the food. The guards posted at the perimeter of the camps let them pass unchallenged, and they wove through the tents until they stood near three large tents. One was marked as Eomer's by the standard of the white horse on a green field, and next to it was a tent bearing the standard of Dol Amroth. The third bore no standard. Eowyn placed her hand on her escort's shoulder again as they approached the tents. "Merry, I do not wish to be announced." When he hesitated, she smiled. "It is just… It will take some getting used to, my brother being the king." Merry sobered, and nodded. "It will take some time, my lady. But I think he will be a good king, once he gets a feel for it and all." Eowyn smiled fully then. "Aye. I know he will be an excellent king, and he will serve our people well." She put her hand lightly on his shoulder. "Thank you for fetching me, Merry, and for your company. I am glad to see you again, my friend, and in good spirits." Merry smiled then bowed to her again, "Good night, my lady." "Good night, Merry." For a moment she stood lost in memories, but then she lifted the tent flap just enough to slip in and saw her brother. He sat on a camp stool, leaning one elbow on the small folding table and rubbing his temple with his fingers while reading a report held in his other hand. Eowyn had often seen her uncle in a similar pose while reading reports, and for a while she simply stopped in the entry to the tent and smiled fondly as she watched her brother stepping into his new role. It wasn't until he sighed deeply that she interrupted him in a soft voice. "Westu Eomer, hal." He looked up, and then stood so quickly that the stool fell to its side, the report dropped carelessly on the table as he circled it. "Eowyn!" He scooped her up in a bear hug, lifting her off her feet and making her laugh as she threw her arms around his neck. It was a long while before he finally set her down, keeping his hands on her upper arms as he searched her face closely. "I am glad to see you, sister! You are well?" She smiled widely as she nodded. "I am glad to see you also, brother! And I am more than well." When he dropped his hands but continued to stare at her she reached out to give his shoulder a gentle shake, "Truly." She had reached out with her left arm, and the motion made her sleeve fall back slightly, revealing the binding on her arm. He looked at it, then back up at her, eyebrows raised. "Your arm is still bound? I thought that was only to be for six weeks. Has it not healed as expected?" She shook her head, pulling the sleeve back more so that the cloth strips could be seen clearly. "It is but a precaution because the break was so severe. The strips are made from a more loosely woven cotton that has been cut on the bias so that they can be wound tightly enough to offer support to the bones, but they will still stretch and move with my arm. I had never heard of such a thing, but the healers here apparently use it often, and with great success. This style of bandage can also be used to protect wounds on the arm or leg much more effectively than a traditional bandage, as the fabric moves with the muscles while staying in place. It really is such a small change but it can make such a difference! I plan to share it with the healers in Edoras…" She trailed off as her brother started chuckling. "Do you laugh at me?" Eomer simply shook his head, still chuckling softly. "I have seen you excited about a new sword, or a new saddle, or even on hearing a new song. I had never thought to see you excited by a new bandage!" She laughed as well, seeing the humor and truth in his statement. "Well, what else was there for me to do while waiting for you but to learn from the healers? They refused to let me out of the houses, save to the gardens! And even needlework was impossible until recently..." Eomer took her elbow lightly to guide her to a second camp stool, and then brought his own around the table and sat with her, taking her right hand in his left as he leaned his elbows on his knees. His voice was low and earnest. "Then why did you not come to Cormallen? There were healers there who could have tended your arm, but you wouldn't have been trapped within stone walls. That is why I sent for you, because I knew you would feel confined." She sighed, looking at the ground for a moment to gather her thoughts. "Eomer… I wanted to come. I was relieved beyond words when I heard that you were alive and unhurt, and I knew that you were anxious to have me near you, but…. I could not face it. The shadows did not leave me fully until well after your invitation came, and once they had… I found I had grown fond of the Houses, and I felt no desire to leave them." She smiled and gave his hand a small squeeze. "I do thank you for your consideration, Eomer. I knew you were trying to make up for insisting I stay abed for so many days. I had not thought of how it might make me seem ungrateful." He laughed, shaking his head. "It did not. I had thought the open fields might be incentive enough to lure you from the city, but I understood." Casting about for a new subject of conversation that would not lead to discussing the serious topics that lay between them, Eomer released her hand and straightened on his stool, rubbing his palms on his thighs. "So… Merry tells me you have befriended the new Steward of Gondor. Faramir, is it?" She did not notice that she ducked her head slightly at the question, or the smile that curved her lips at the mention of his name, but Eomer did. It was not until she glanced up and saw the expression on her brother's face that she knew what she had done, what she had revealed, and then she could not stop the blush that crept up her neck and into her cheeks. She closed her eyes and sighed softly, cursing herself for playing the fool once again. For a moment Eomer did nothing, and simply sat frozen in place. Then he stood and walked to the other side of the tent, stopping with his back to her. She knew his habits well, and so knew by the angle of his head that he was pinching the bridge of his nose between thumb and finger, his attempt to find calm before speaking. When at last he spoke it was in a low and carefully measured voice. "Eowyn…" His hand dropped to his side, then clenched into a fist as he turned to look at her again. "I do not understand, sister. How…. You could not…" He stopped and ran a hand over his mouth and beard, sighing in frustration, and his voice was no longer calm but grew in volume as he spoke. "Not two months ago you rode to war, seemingly with the intention of deliberately seeking death because your affection for Aragorn was not returned. You had not even met the Steward six weeks ago, and now you blush at the mere mention of his name? I