AN: So I'm a little late to the Harry Potter AU party, but this idea just wouldn't leave me alone. If you enjoy (or not) I'd appreciate hearing about it in a review. AN2: Just so we're clear, this is not a romance fic, and definitely not a Hermione/Snape fic. They are the two characters highlighted above because they get the most screen time. ooOoo Hermione approached the Sorting Hat with some trepidation as Gregory Goyle lumbered off to join his friends at the Slytherin table. She was feeling the pressure of this moment more acutely than her yearmates, most of whom seemed happy not to have to do anything more strenuous than try on a hat before being placed in a house. Hermione had put in hours of extra reading and practice so that she could earn the right to the house of her choice, and losing control of that choice to an inanimate object was frustrating. Hermione's Hogwarts acceptance letter had opened up a whole new world. Not just a chance to learn magic, it also represented a chance to start over. To meet a group of people that didn't know the eager beaver, Granger the bookworm, teacher's pet... She shook away her thoughts as she reached the stool and dropped the hat on her head without hesitation. Showing nervousness wouldn't be very Gryffindor-ish, after all, and she didn't want to do anything to hurt her chances of being sorted into that house. A disproportionate number of famous wizards had come out of Gryffindor, and everything she had read suggested that it was the house of the cool kids-popular, well-liked, able to do what they wanted and face a slap on the wrist at worst as a consequence. " Well, well, what have we here, " the hat's voice suddenly sounded in the back of her mind, and Hermione had to suppress the urge to bolt upright. She sat quietly and focused on thinking brave thoughts. " That's not going to do anything, you know, " the hat said, sounding amused. " You can't cover over a lifetime of work with a few stray thoughts. " Hermione felt her heart plummet at the thought of being sorted into Ravenclaw-the destination her parents had picked out as soon as she had finished describing the house system to them-the last thing she needed was to be sorted into a whole house of nerds. She desperately cast about for an argument against the inevitable. " Dumbledore! " She thought, desperately. " Dumbledore must like books, and he was no Ravenclaw. " " You fancy yourself the next Dumbledore? " The hat asked. Hermione thought she detected a faint note of mockery. " Well, not exactly, " Hermione couldn't imagine ever matching the famous Headmaster, although she did fancy taking a run at his record of seven years of top marks. " I just hope that I can learn to be brave and noble like Dumbledore- " " You're about a hundred years too young to pull the wool over my eyes, child, " the hat interrupted, although it didn't sound upset. " But that kind of effort and ambition should see you in good stead in SLYTHERIN! " When she realized the last word had been spoken out loud, Hermione reached up to remove the hat and stood. She set it back down on the stool-absently noting that her hands were shaking-and then turned to size up her new housemates. Her first thought was that they looked surprisingly normal. Slytherin was famed for prizing ambition and cunning, and more recently had gained notoriety as the house that produced more Death Eaters than all of the others combined. For all of that, the students in front of her could have been any other group of eleven year olds, except for the matching green and silver ties. Hermione took a seat near the other first years and settled down to watch the rest of the sorting process. A "Greengrass, Daphne" followed Hermione to Slytherin, while "MacMillain, Ernie" went to Hufflepuff. The Sorting Hat settled in to a steady rhythm, and its periodic announcements were the only sound in the Great Hall... at least until Harry Potter was called down to be sorted. Whispers broke out as soon as his name was called, and the conversations only intensified when the Hat seemed to linger on his Sorting. Hermione realized she was clenching her fists hard enough to feel painful, and chided herself as she relaxed her hands. Harry had been friendly enough on the train, but he hadn't struck her as anything particularly special. There was no reason to get so invested in his house placement. She still felt a pang of disappointment when the hat announcement of "GRYFFINDOR!" sent the red and gold decorated table into an uproar. Across the table a blonde boy-"Malfoy, Draco," if memory served-snorted derisively. "I knew that prat was Gryffindor through and through," Malfoy declared. "Harry's not that bad," Hermione replied, "he seemed perfectly nice when I spoke to him on the train." "You actually met the boy-who-lived?" The girl next to her-Tracy Davis-asked, eyes wide. Hermione related the circumstances of her brief encounter with Harry and Ron, pleasantly surprised by the rapt attention she was receiving from her housemates. She had read about Harry's fame in the wizarding world, but she hadn't really had the time to internalize it the same way that somebody brought up on stories of the boy-who-lived would have. They were acting like she had met the Queen. Eventually Hermione's story wound down and conversation turned to other topics. Most of the discussion-only briefly interrupted by Dumbledore's "speech" at the end of the sorting and the appearance of their dinner-centered around everybody's hopes and expectations for the coming year. Inevitably the discussion came around to Quidditch and Draco, as he had been doing throughout the night, decided to use the topic as an opportunity to flaunt his family's wealth. "First years aren't even allowed to have their own brooms." Hermione said, interrupting Draco's loving description of the horrendously expensive broom his father had bought for his last birthday. "I know that," Draco said, glaring at her. "But at least I know what it's like to fly on quality equipment. Have you ever even taken an old Shooting Star out for a spin?" "No. I've never flown at all," Hermione admitted, feeling herself blush. "But it's not like I could, I only found out about all this a few weeks ago." The little knot of Slytherin first years froze, forming an island of silence in the sea of noise throughout the Great Hall. Draco was staring at her in shock while Tracy, who had been sitting companionably close to Hermione, began to edge away. "You grew up... muggle?" Draco asked. "Yes," Hermione snapped, upset by the reaction to the news, "my parents are dentists. Muggles." A ripple of shock ran through her classmates, as they actually recoiled away from her before turning to discuss the situation amongst themselves. Hermione couldn't hear everything they were saying, but she got the gist of it. "A muggleborn in Slytherin? This should be amusing," Blaise Zabini, the last boy to be sorted, commented with a sardonic grin. "Ugh, the sorting hat has gone as crazy as the Headmaster." Pansy Parkinson said, her face scrunched up as if she had just smelled something foul. "My father says Dumbledore gets worse and worse every year, but this just tears it!" Draco said, just before Hermione brought her hand down on the table with a sharp crack, temporarily silencing the other Slytherins. "Don't talk about me like I'm not here!" Hermione said, glaring around the table. "I belong here just as much as the rest of you, you'll see." None of her classmates said anything in response, shaking their heads before returning to their meals. As the momentary flash of anger that had prompted her outburst faded away, Hermione felt as if an icy hand was wrapped around her insides. These people were supposed to be her family for the next seven years? ooOoo The next morning a pair of prefects gathered the first year Slytherins together in the common room. None of the younger students seemed inclined to talk, which suited Hermione just fine. After the revelation of her muggle heritage, she had yet to hear a friendly word from any of her house mates. Hermione had never imagined that entering a whole new magical world also entailed confronting a whole new kind of prejudice. It still seemed sort of surreal to her-as if she woke up one morning in a world that virulently discriminated against people who part their hair on the left. It hurt, of course, to have any group of people looking down on her, but Hermione's primary reaction was bafflement. She could understand wizards looking down on muggles. Not that she condoned that kind of thinking, but the simple fact was that wizards could do magic and muggles can't. It would be easy enough to build a theory of racial superiority on top of something like that, but where was the sense in extending it to muggleborn wizards? Hermione could perform magic at least as well as anybody else her age. Or at least she thought she could-Hermione made a mental note to go over her charms book again as soon as she had a free moment. "All right, firsties, listen up," Arnold Parkinson called out. Hermione immediately focused on the fifth year prefect, who was glaring at the first year Slytherins with an intense look on his face. "The Sorting Hat put you in Slytherin, so I'm sure you'll all be fine," Jennifer Nott said. The other fifth year prefect smiled at them, but there was a little bit of an edge to her expression. "The most important thing to understand is that Slytherin is a house of winners," Arnold said. "Losers always whine about playing fair and trying their best. Winners go home with the House Cup. Whatever it takes." "The second thing to remember," Arnold continued, "is that in pursuit of your goals, everything is permitted... as long as you don't get caught." "And let's be honest," Jennifer said, smoothly cutting in. "You firsties don't have any idea how to get away with anything, and you're not really in a position to help Slytherin out a whole lot. So you guys should really focus on not screwing things up for the rest of us." "Right," Arnold said, nodding. "And on that note, the third thing to remember is this: you're not going to like everybody here, and that's fine. But any problem you have with another Slytherin, stays in Slytherin. None of the other houses like us much, and the last thing we need is to show off a weakness to everybody else." Hermione found the whole talk a little bit disconcerting, but also oddly reassuring. Keep her head down, follow the rules, and earn points for Slytherin. She could do that. She tried to keep that thought foremost in her mind as the prefects led them all to breakfast together, and her house mates broke into conversation that conspicuously excluded her. And when they sat down for breakfast, and nobody sat down beside her or addressed her throughout the meal. She could do this. Transfiguration class was a relief. Hermione had always preferred the structured environment of the classroom to the labyrinth of social interactions with her peers, a preference that was only enhanced when all of her "peers" seemed determined to ignore her. Class stared off with a bang, as Professor McGonagall demonstrated two spectacular pieces of transfiguration-transforming herself into her cat, and her desk into an enormous pig-before setting the class to the relatively modest task of transforming matchsticks into needles. Hermione was glad that the matchstick proved as easy to transform as the one she had used at home. She gratefully accepted two points for Slytherin-the first time anybody