INSIDE, Pairing: Legolas/Melpomaen, Rating: PG-13 Title: On the Inside Author: dapper scavenger Type: FPS Pairing: Melpomaen/Legolas Rating: PG-13 Warnings: none Disclaimer: Tolkein's. Not mine. Summary: Legolas and Melpomaen meet. This chapter fulfils the 25fluffyfics prompt 02: Hobbies. ----------------------------------- It was on yet another truly glorious day that Legolas Thranduilion found himself wandering through the maze of paths that connected the many various parts of Imladris. There was a mildness to the air; neither too warm, nor too cold and the great broad-leaved trees lent a dappled shade to his eyes despite the lack of clouds to obscure the sun still high overhead. His golden hair lay limply over his shoulders, still damp from the bath he had taken after the morning's swordplay. He had acquitted himself well but was very much aware of a lingering soreness in his back, shoulders and arms. He smiled ruefully to himself. One did not challenge the mighty Glorfindel and expect to get away with it unscathed! Abruptly he altered course and followed a path to his right that appeared less well travelled, if the weeds poking through the walkway were anything to go by. Today he wanted to send some time alone. He had no real destination in mind, unless you could count the sorting of one's thoughts into a clear and decisive course of action as a destination and, really, that was the kind of complicated idea that had led him out here in the first place. Although, to be honest, he wasn't exactly sure where 'here' was, save that it was nowhere near where anyone might think to look for him. He frowned at the inward spiral his thinking was taking and forced his mind back to the issue at hand. It was not lightly that Thranduil, his father, had sent him to Lord Elrond's beautiful lands. Every able-bodied warrior was needed in his native Greenwood, for the darkness that threatened its borders was growing ominously closer. Attacks by both orcs and spiders were now so commonplace that travelling between the two realms had required twice the escort than his previous visit only a hundred years prior. He was glad to have come, however. A few months under Elrond's roof would be a welcome respite before having to head home. Here he could let go; there was no need for him to stay at battle-ready alertness, constantly waiting for the next attack and heading out day after day to fight. And yet, he thought with a sigh, even though I finally have a chance to enjoy other pursuits, I spend all my time in the training grounds, practising my archery and sparring with the guards that accompanied me. It was as though none of the Greenwood elves remembered how to relax. He did enjoy the company of Elrond's twin sons, Elladan and Elrohir, however. They were excellent sparring partners, admirable in both technique and experience, though their methods were … different. They flung themselves into a melee with gleeful chaos. It was a stark contrast to the grim fluidity of his own style. He supposed it was a result of their different circumstances. The twins hunted orcs for the satisfaction of revenge but for him it was a matter of survival and pride. An odd noise interrupted his contemplation and he paused, glancing about. It sounded like scratching, like stone against stone though much softer, less harsh. It stopped and started at frequent intervals, long scratches, short scratches, a pause, and then a flurry of scraping accompanied by muttering. How intriguing! With careful, quiet movements the blonde elf followed the strange sound to its source. The path opened up into a small, round garden of sorts. Around its circumference stood several pale columns, maybe two heads taller than himself, connected by ivy-covered lintels. At the centre lay a round, flat stone, greenish-grey but for a round brown-grey marking at its centre. Clearly something had sat upon that base for a long time before its removal. All this he had noticed in an instant but it was not the setting that had caught his attention. A lone elf sat sideways upon a curved stone bench opposite, his back resting against one of the pillars. Long, dark hair obscured his features just as his loose grey robes concealed his form, pooling over the edges of the bench. It made him seem very small; he must be very young. His knees were drawn up to form a rest for the several pieces of paper he was furiously scribbling on. Legolas was pleasantly surprised as he recognized the source of the mysterious sound. It was a peaceful scene, so unlike those he had grown accustomed to at home. Innocent. He was truly surprised he had been able to get so close to this strange elf without having been noticed, even though he had moved to stand out in the open and was now staring directly at the writer. If I were an enemy he would be dead a dozen times over! What sort of elf has this sort of life, where he feels so safe that he has no need to be constantly watchful? What must that be like? In the end, curiosity won him over. "What is it you are writing that has you so engrossed, I wonder?" Though softly spoken, his words cut through the air as piercingly as if he had shouted them. Long, silken hair whipped round with a cry of surprise and the quill fluttered to the ground. Dark, startled eyes fastened onto his own, wide and flustered. This was no youngster, Legolas realised, somewhat embarrassed at having thought so in the first place. His eyes were honest yet held the depth of knowledge only experience could bring. No, he was not a child but neither was he ancient. The elf before him was incredibly, well, petite. There was no other word for it. He watched, entranced, as the dark hair settled into place, a few errant strands clinging to perfect cheekbones, which were currently flushed with colour. One delicate hand fluttered nervously as it suddenly found itself devoid of the writing implement it had previously held. "My apologies. I didn't mean to startle you," Legolas continued, though in reality he wasn't sorry in the slightest. He'd rather liked the reaction he'd gotten from this mysterious stranger, but he was nothing if not well-mannered. "No. I mean, it's alright. You surprised me." The stranger flushed and looked away, his eyes darting towards the quill resting on the ground. He leaned forward to retrieve it. "Not many come this way anymore. I'm used to having it to myself." Legolas didn't answer. He was riveted. As the elf had moved forward out of the shade, his hair had caught a shaft of sunlight and it glowed! It was not black as he had originally thought but a deep, dark shade of reddish-brown. It made him feel warmed from the inside out. Ai, Elbereth! he thought, stunned, how is everything in Imladris so beautiful? "Melpomaen." Legolas blinked, confused. "My name," the stranger said, uncertainly gesturing to himself. "Melpomaen." He seemed to be waiting for something. At that moment Legolas realised he had been standing there staring at the poor thing for some time. He jolted into motion rather ungracefully and swiftly crossed the courtyard to take a seat at the other end of the bench, forcing a practised mask of casual indifference into place. "Mae govannen, Melpomaen, though you have answered a different question to the one I asked." Apparently this was not the response the dark-haired elf was expecting, as Legolas was rewarded with a bemused look. "I'm writing a poem." Melpomaen met the wood-elf's gaze, challenging him to make something of it. There was a moment's pause as the two considered one another, until Legolas gestured towards the document. "Will you read it to me?" Melpomaen hesitated, regarding the blonde elf uncertainly. Legolas began to wonder if he had asked too much, but then his reluctant companion seemed to gather himself and, after a deep breath, started to recite: "The withered trees of yore are watching Leaves are turning in the wind Hear the weeping willow grieving How her children must have sinned …" The blonde warrior felt his eyes widening but fought to maintain his cool appearance. While it was true he preferred more physical pursuits such as riding and archery he was, nonetheless, a prince of his land and therefore required to be well-read in the more scholarly arts of music, history and literature. He had studied the various forms of poetry; the use of rhythm and rhyme, assonance and alliteration, metaphor and simile, but this… the verse that had just been delivered had to be, without a doubt, the worst he had ever heard in his entire life. He wasn't entirely sure how to react. The smaller elf glanced nervously at him as he continued. "Brok'n by the leafy bough-age Sunlight falls on last attempt Shining on the deep'ning lovers Clasped hands show what once was meant" Legolas felt his lips quirk of their own accord and gripped the edge of the bench tightly, forcing himself to concentrate on the bite of gritty stone into his palm. He desperately struggled to maintain his composure as the would-be poet eagerly pressed on, those dark eyes shining with a strange anticipation. "Darkly now the moon regards them Sitting on that verdant shore Joined by a silvered …" Legolas snorted. He couldn't help it. His hand flew to his mouth as he valiantly sought to retain self-control, but a snicker escaped through his fingers. His eyes screwed up and then he was lost, uproarious laughter bursting from his lips. "Oh, Melpomaen… Forgive me," he managed to choke out. "It's just… I don't…" The dark-haired elf was staring at Legolas incredulously. "Tell me," he breathed, and the tone was so strange, so full of need and hope, that Legolas found his bout of mirth receding. Guilt now set in and he opened his eyes to look at his companion awkwardly. He faltered, unsure of what to say, for there was no feigning praises now; the little scholar would surely see through them. The blonde heaved a regretful sigh. "To be honest with you, I think that was the most dreadful poem I have ever heard." Melpomaen gasped and drew back, and Legolas dipped his head sadly. What a shame, he thought, that I have driven away this beauty so soon. He was completely unprepared, therefore, for the quiet laughter that floated to his ears. It was at once happy and sad, and ended in a contented little sigh. Legolas snapped his gaze back up in disbelief to find Melpomaen smiling gently at him. "Thank you." "umm…" came his rather inarticulate rejoinder. "I have waited a long time for someone to say that to me," Melpomaen explained apologetically to his bewildered companion. "You have?" Legolas was dumbfounded. "Why?" Melpomaen shuffled his papers into a neat bundle and set them to one side, placing a small stone on top to keep them from the wind. The quill, however, he kept in his grasp, twirling the soft tapered end in his fingers as he thought about his answer. "I started writing poetry a few years ago. I knew I wasn't very good, but I had spent hours studying every word written in our library and I was enchanted by the notion that I could one day contribute something to those shelves myself. At first, I tried very hard to write something… beautiful, profound… something that made the reader laugh out loud or weep with sympathy or gasp in horror. I wanted to make people feel." Legolas recognised that faraway look of wistful melancholy on the dark-haired elf and felt a sympathetic pang of nostalgia in his heart. He'd had dreams too, in his youth. "It didn't take very long for me to realise I was never going to achieve that particular ambition; I haven't the talent.