A QUIET PASSION, Elrohir/Legolas, Rating PG-13 Title: A Quiet Passion Author: Dapper Scavenger Written for: Tripledogdare challenge prompt: Hair Disclaimer: Tolkein's. Not mine. Author's notes: This is the toned down version, with a large section removed. For those with more more carnal appetites, there is an NC-17 version at OEAM, LoM and on my LJ. Summary: Elladan wishes his brother was a little less reserved. . . "I can not wait until tomorrow, 'Roh." Elladan was bubbling over with excitement. In the last hour he had worked his way around every available seat in Elrohir's rooms, from the ornamental canapé in the entrance hall, to the chair at his desk, to the edge of his bed. If Elrohir had actually been watching, he would probably have been made quite dizzy by Elladan's restless pacing. "It's been nearly seventy years since he last visited!" Elladan rambled on in animated fashion. "Aren't you even a little eager to see him again?" Elrohir sighed. "Aye, I suppose." "You suppose?" Elladan rolled his eyes as he followed his younger brother from the lounge out to the balcony, where Elrohir's latest creation awaited him. There were times, Elladan thought as he perched himself on the stone balustrade, when he wondered if he might get more attention if he were a palette knife. "You could at least try to sound enthusiastic. It is not every day that we receive such an attractive visitor." "Attractive?" Elrohir snorted, sparing a sceptical glance before turning back to add a few delicate strokes of watery grey to the stormy blues already gracing the canvas. "You are joking, 'Roh? Tell me you are joking. You must have noticed." "Aye, well," Elrohir waved absentmindedly in Elladan's direction, sending a spattering of colour through the air, "if you're interested in that sort of thing." "Only you, toren, would not be interested in the Prince of Mirkwood." Elladan nimbly dodged the splash of paint that hit the marbled floor. Elrohir had the most colourful balcony in Imladris. "I just don't see what the fuss is about." Elrohir shrugged, straightening up and regarding his progress with a frown. "That is because you never look! Honestly, 'Roh, if you spent half as much time in the Hall of Fire in the evening as you do here, you would find your eyes opened to a whole world of sensory delights." Elrohir raised a fine eyebrow at his brother but made no comment. They had argued this same point so many times he had long ago ceased caring what his brother thought. Elladan just didn't understand the joy and satisfaction his art brought him. It took skill to bring the images in his mind to life. Any talentless idiot could indulge in Elladan's twisted idea of a hobby, jumping from partner to partner in less time than it took for his signature to dry. "Just give it a try," Elladan urged. "One day, that's all I'm asking. Spend one day in the Prince's company and I guarantee you'll see what I mean." "As if I have a choice. Ada would have my head if I didn't play the perfect host to our Mirkwood guests." "Oh no. You are not doing what you did last time. You are not hiding in here, only coming out for official functions, during which your body may be present but your mind most certainly is not. This time you are going to spend a whole day, including your leisure time, with us and you are going to actually participate!" "And why would I want to do that?" "Because if you do, dear Elrohir, I promise never to question your painting again. If the exquisite Legolas Thranduilion cannot get through to you, nothing will." Elrohir sighed. "Very well. If that's what it takes to get you to leave me be, then I shall spend the day with your paragon of beauty." "And you'll give him your full attention?" "As you wish, toren. For one day I shall give the Prince my undivided attention. But only one day, mind you. Our bargain goes no further than that." Elladan's grin could not have been more triumphant. . . To say that Legolas was surprised when both twins offered to escort him around Imladris would have been an understatement. Certainly he had expected them both to greet him upon his arrival – decorum demanded it, after all – but his prior visits had revealed the younger twin to be a cool, aloof character who had little desire for socializing. It was almost impossible to reconcile that image with the charming, if softly spoken, company he was currently enjoying. Elrohir was exceptionally attentive. Under the younger twin's care, he had felt neither hunger nor thirst, nor had the urge to rest made itself known. With ostensible ease, Elrohir smoothly steered the conversation towards topics the Prince found pleasing. The younger peredhel catered to his needs before he even had a chance to voice them. Despite being more than used to elves fawning over him, Legolas could not help but find this solicitous regard flattering. There was a refreshing honesty in Elrohir's courteous manner. There was no underlying motive to his actions; hard won experience had taught Legolas to recognise when one was attempting to win his favour. Indeed, it almost seemed as though Elrohir was doing this for his own gratification. Legolas was delighted. That was not to say he did not also enjoy spending time with Elladan. The elder brother was cheerful and energetic, and it had been easy to develop the beginnings of a friendship with the gregarious quipster. After his first visit to Imladris, he had idly debated building upon that foundation. Who could fault him for entertaining such thoughts? Elladan was undeniably handsome! He had not pursued the notion, however. He rather felt that, to the light-hearted, playful Elladan, he would be just another way to pass the time. Legolas had long since tired of such meaningless dalliances. He wanted more. He wanted a lover who would be his completely, whose only thoughts were for him. He wanted someone who would look upon him as if he were the last living creature in all of creation. In short, he wanted a lover who treated him much the way Elrohir was treating him now. This, Legolas decided, most definitely had potential. He suppressed a mischievous smirk at the indecent path his thoughts were taking and brought his drifting mind back to the conversation. "You could do worse than Nólaquen's 'Eyewitness to Edhellond.'" Legolas said in response to the question Elrohir had posed. "I find it to be the most insightful account of the period." "I have heard of Nólaquen but, regrettably, we have none of his works in our library," Elrohir said. "I could have it copied for you, if you wish?" the Prince offered, and was warmed by Elrohir's grateful smile. In truth he was gratified by the query. All too often, the Noldor thought they boasted the only academics of note. What would a Noldo know of Edhellond, compared to the esteemed Nólaquen, a Sinda who had lived through those times? "Ai, do not give him another book to read, Legolas! He will only ensconce himself in his room until he has finished it!" Legolas smiled as his peripheral vision caught Elladan rolling his eyes in exasperation. They had been discussing the founding of Edhellond for some time; poor Elladan was probably bored witless. Elrohir, he'd discovered, was remarkably learned; well versed in literature and history. Elladan could be no less knowledgeable, he supposed. Both had been tutored by the inestimable Erestor, a renowned scholar, but it was obvious the elder twin preferred more physical pursuits. Elladan was much more comfortable on horseback or sparring on the training grounds than he was in the council chambers. He wondered the reverse held true. "All the more reason to enjoy the glorious sunshine we have been blessed with." Legolas swiftly stood, grinning at the identical expressions of curious enquiry that followed the movement. "I have not tested your skills with the blade for some time, Elladan, and today is the perfect day for it." Elladan immediately perked up. "Now that is a fine suggestion!" "And you, Elrohir? I have never had the pleasure of sparring with you. Will you join us as well?" Elrohir acceded gracefully. "It would be an honour, of course." Legolas smiled. Soon he would be sparring with the twins on a hot, sunny afternoon - a very hot afternoon that would likely have their shirts off the backs faster than he could draw his bow. This day was getting better and better. . . Legolas quickly realised that he could not rely on his knowledge of Elladan's technique to aid him against Elrohir. Elladan was relentless, his attacks bold and his blows punishing. He was like the earth: firm and certain. Fighting Elrohir, on the other hand, reminded Legolas of swimming upstream. Elrohir's fluid movements were as cool and analytical as his accompanying expression. The younger twin's blade did not so much cut through the air as glide. It skimmed against his own twin knives so frequently that the sound of scraping metal became a constant. It was so unlike Elladan's unwavering zeal that he was finding it difficult to anticipate Elrohir's attacks. Not once did the younger twin counter his fierce blows directly, instead blending himself with that energy and redirecting it. By investing very little of his own strength, he was steadily wearing Legolas down. It was the perfect foil to the Prince's style: all quick, fiery passion. He knew he had better find an opportunity soon, before Elrohir's patient attrition lost him the match. He let loose a flurry of ferocious blows that looked nothing short of reckless to the watching Elladan. His opponent fell back under the vicious assault. Legolas almost growled in triumph as he twisted his knives around Elrohir's defences and saw the peredhel's grey eyes widen with surprise. The sun flared brightly against their singing steel. He felt the flat of one of his blades touch padded flesh; heard Elladan's startled gasp. He saw the flicker of gold slide along Elrohir's sword, slither from its edge and drift to the ground. He blinked. Elrohir's sword was frozen in place mere inches from his throat, having neatly severed one of his hard-earned braids. Legolas wetted his dry lips before attempting to find his voice. "A draw, then?" he offered with a weak smile. That had been a little too close for comfort. Elrohir nodded and withdrew. "It seems we are well matched." Elrohir looked down at the lock of hair resting forlornly in the dirt. He bent to pick it up. Legolas watched, bemused, as Elrohir ran the short strands between finger and thumb. "What are you doing?" Elrohir flashed him a guilty smile, reminding Legolas very much of an elfling caught with his hand in the honey-pot. "I wanted to know if it was as soft as it looked," he answered quietly. Legolas blinked again, sharing a glance with Elladan. The elder twin shrugged and shook his head. He had no idea what was going through Elrohir's head either! "Well, you will not find out from that little scrap," Legolas finally answered. Caught by a sudden whim, he grasped hold of Elrohir's hand and brought it to the part of his hair that was unbound. Elrohir started in surprise, his eyes automatically drawn to the silken waterfall slipping through his fingers. He took a step closer. Legolas felt his breath quicken as Elrohir's startled confusion gave way to riveted fascination. Nimble fingers deftly wound themselves through his golden hair, brushing his cheek and neck and running dangerously close to the sensitive tips of ears. A strong scent of sage and woodsmoke and clean sweat assailed his senses. Legolas struggled to contain the shiver that ran down his spine. "Well?" he managed to ask. When Elrohir finally tore his gaze away from that mass of