Putting The Breakfast Club on hold for now. It's gotten incredibly dramatic (but fun) and so, I want to start something else... Hermione Granger has always been one of my favourite characters and I feel as if she deserves some spotlight. Enjoy! :D It was a beautiful, warm dusk. The sea was especially calm and perfect. The sky was just turning to pinks and purples, the sun was on its way down for the night. What a wonderful sight it was-the cliffs overlooking an endless ocean, a small breeze blew through the hairs of the crowd, just enough to keep people comfortable; not too hot, not too cold. Just perfect. Hermione sat on the small, uncomfortable chair, beside other uncomfortable chairs, staring down at the coffin in the deep hole. She was completely unaware of how perfect the world looked at the moment. Only what was in front of her. She wasn't crying. She didn't have enough tears to cry with anymore. She could feel her nerves, especially when she looked down at her hands. They were still shaking. A hand reached over and placed it gently on her own. Long fingers, pale hands, carefully painted nails; Ginny. Hermione smiled to herself and placed her other hand over Ginny's warm one without looking up. She appreciated the gesture and glad for the comfort it brought. Hermione wasn't listening to the sermon, she didn't care about it. All she knew and cared for was the dark, heavy-glossed black coffin being slowly lowered into the ground. She cared about what was inside, who was inside, where he might be going. She sighed softly and stared as hundreds of beautiful individual flowers were being placed inside the hole, landing gently on the coffin. In front of the 8x5 hole, was a headstone-the usual "Here Lies..." the few words that couldn't possibly describe the thoughts Hermione had swirling around in her head of what he was like, who he was, her beloved. Beside that headstone was another, and another, and another. Hermione was tired, tired of death, betrayal, and violence. Hermione closed her eyes briefly and sat there silently. One-by-one, people began to leave, slowly, sadly, not forgetting a passing murmur in her direction, a sorry, their condolences, their grief. She didn't care. Hermione felt a squeeze and looked up to see Ginny and Harry watching her carefully, small smiles and sad eyes lingering on their faces. They were on their feet, the last to leave her side. Careful and watchful. "We'll see you at the pub?" Harry said, softly, looking at her. Hermione nodded her head, "Yes, yes, I'll be there." "Okay." Harry said leaning forward and giving her a kiss on the cheek. "Oh, darling." Ginny said, reaching down and giving Hermione a strong hug, her tears having left stains on her freckled cheeks. Hermione smiled over Ginny's shoulder, a sad smile. A smile she didn't have a name for but it felt good and kindred. Ginny let go and mirrored Hermione's unnamed smile, "We'll see you soon." Hermione nodded, her attention back at the coffin. She wasn't sure how long she stood there, watching, perhaps hoping...for what? She couldn't stay long. She didn't want to watch more bits of dirt covering what was left of someone she loved, gone from her life, out of her control. Hermione stood up and closed her eyes to take in a deep breath, trying hard to subside the feelings of anger she had deep within the crevices of her mind. She placed her sunglasses firmly on her head and shoved her hands in her coat's pockets. She heard a shuffling close by and looked up. Two tall, familiar figures were heading in her direction; Kingsley Shacklebolt and Gawain Robards. "Minister. Sir." "Please, Hermione, it's Kingsley, today." Shacklebolt replied in his deep voice. He reached down and gave Hermione a strong hug which she returned, "It was a beautiful ceremony." "Agreed." Robards said, giving Hermione a small peck on the cheek, "Shacklebolt and I were discussing on a wager about this place. We might just have to force Bill and Fleur out ourselves and retire here." Hermione smiled and began to walk with them, away from the sea, away from the uncomfortable chairs, from the hole in the ground, him, "Heading to the pub, then?" "Wouldn't miss it." Shacklebolt said, nodding his head. "I think Ron would find it highly offensive if we didn't make an appearance." Robards said kindly, placing his hands in his robes, "That man could outdrink all of us." There was silence then Kingsley started almost casually, "I saw Esme today. Will she be at the pub as well?" Hermione looked at him suspiciously. "Shacklebolt." Robards started, almost warningly. "Nothing about past lives," Kinglsey said, quickly, waving his large hands, "Just wanted to speak with her. She left rather abruptly." Hermione looked at him briefly and nodded, "Yes, she'll be there. She'll be playing tonight." Robards led the way toward Bill and Fleur's cottage. They had left it open so that others could easily travel to the pub through Floo Powder. The Grapes and Fox was a small pub and not the best idea to suddenly apparate, save someone's neck breaks because of an accidental landing. The three of them stepped inside and Shacklebolt reached for the pot of silver powder over the fireplace mantle. "See you in a bit." Hermione watched as Kingsley stepped through the fireplace and left in a green flame, Robards followed behind but not before turning and winking at Hermione, "I'll make sure he keeps away from Esme, Hermione. We don't need that tonight." Hermione nodded and watched him disappear. Hermione sighed reaching for her own pinch of silvery powder. For just a split second, she wondered whether she should even go. No, she should. There was a sudden creak behind her and she turned, her hand already in her pocket, gripping her wand. She didn't say anything for a moment, merely observed the tall, stoic figure. Hermione gave him a nod and a very small smile, "Malfoy." Draco Malfoy nodded his head toward her, his grey eyes unblinking and attentive as he stood at the doorway. This wasn't the same spoiled little school boy Hermione knew in Hogwarts, he had changed quite a bit; his attitude, his fears, his very nature. He was older and wiser. His pale hair was receding slightly, wrinkles of worry on his forehead had swept away what was once a very smooth, naive face. He had become an important man now, a man of power, not a coward-brave. But he was always quiet, taciturn at the best of times, and serious all the time. The two of them stood there, silently, the seconds passing by. "You could've have joined us, you know." Hermione finally said. "No." Malfoy replied, shaking his head, "I prefer the shadows. I doubt my presence would have been completely welcoming, besides." "We're not children anymore, Malfoy." Hermione said, but she understood Malfoy's position. His very profession involved shadows, it was a constant reminder, "Listen, we're all heading down to the pub. You should join us. ...He would have wanted it." Malfoy said nothing for a moment, his face indecipherable, "Perhaps." "Esme will be playing." Hermione continued, smiling to herself, but her face still, "I'm sure you saw her earlier." "Esme. Yes. I did." Malfoy's often steadied and resilient composure was off by just a beat, Hermione saw it, but he said nothing else. Hermione gave him a nod and reached for the Floo Powder. "I'm sorry, Granger." Malfoy finally said, sincerely. "Thank you." Hermione said throwing the powder into the fireplace, muttering under her breath, "Everyone is." Hermione could hear the roar of laughter and the sounds of joy before she even arrived at the pub''s fireplace. It was a favourite hangout for many of them and she would not have preferred it any other way. Ginny and Harry had set it up, they knew him best. She smiled to herself, despite her feelings and stepped through, brushing ash off her shoulders. Large glass mugs of beer were being thrown from the bar and caught by hand from the air by the owners, colourful fires of bright greens and light blues sat merrily in the corner fireplaces as more people arrived. Small house elves were quickly making their way through the crowded pub, picking up dirty dishes and piling them high on their heads. It was incredibly loud and so very cheery. Hermione couldn't help but smile. All faces turned toward Hermione and the noises lowered and pitying smiles ran through everyone's faces. "What's with all this melancholy?" Hermione said, hating the faces, "It's Ron we're talking about." "Cheers, love." Said a voice in the back, a glass in the air. There was a loud chorus of "aye" and laughter, glasses raised and at once everyone took a long drink. "Hey! Hey!" yelled another voice, shouting over the noise, "Some salutes are to be made." "To my son." Hermione looked up and saw Arthur Weasely, his tall, gangly frame holding a glass over his head. His other hand was grasping his wife's, her eyes filled with tears. Hermione could feel her chest tighten, wondering what Molly could possibly be feeling. Arthur swallowed and turned to face Hermione, standing silently by the fireplace. "He loved you so much, Hermione. He was a wonderful human being." He gave Hermione a nod and drowned his half-pint. A chours of "aye" and everyone took a drink. "To Ron." spoke up another familiar voice, George. He was standing tall, his glass over his head, looking at everyone with a rare sombre look, again, other glasses followed. There was silence as people watched George speak, another around his older brother Percy, "May the bastard rest in peace. He never did give back me quid from the last game." Hermione smiled knowingly and laughter resounded throughout the pub, "To Ron!" "To Ron!" another voice yelled over the raucous, another glass lifted, another familiar face, Dean Thomas, "May the man finally blowout his own home, the cheeky arse." More laughter as Hermione made her way further into the pub and toward the bar. The pub owner, Mr. Wilkes, had already pulled out a pint for her and leaned in to give her a kiss, "There love, come back as much needed." "Thank you, Wilkes." Hermione said, quickly draining half her glass. She sighed, dropping her mug upon the wooden top and looking out at the many faces in the room. "To Ron." Another voice popped up, Harry. Oh, Harry. He was hit harder than any one of them, even Hermione. His eyes were bright and red, Ginny's hand on his arm, her other wiping tears away, "To Ron. The best friend, the best man anyone could have ever known. A good man. A brave man. A terrible Quidditch player." More sounds of laughter. It was a booming sound, a welcoming sound. Hermione made her way to a table and with the help of Seamus Finnigan and Neville Longbottom, she stood tall on the table, her half-finished pint in her hand and over her head. All eyes turned to her, small encouraging smiles flashing between faces. "To Ron." Hermione started, finally feeling tears forming once again. Must have been the alcohol, "My best friend, loyal to a fault, and foolish enough to save every person in here without a thought to his own. That is what he did. It was his life." "Aye!" Voices yelled. "Also! Also." Hermione continued, feeling brave. Definitely the alcohol-Wilkes always had the best, "The best lover I've ever had!" There was a "HA!" and more laughter ensued. Hermione drained her drink before making her way to Arthur and Molly Weasely. They looked very much more at ease, now that the talk in the pub was more about Ron's antic. Arthur's face was turning red from the drink, his face full of joy. Molly was wiping tears from her eyes, but from