Chapter 1: Hogwarts At Last Nervous. That was all Astoria Greengrass could feel as she exited the Hogwarts express, even though she had her very protective older sister, Daphne was right by her side. It also didn't help when she saw a swarm of students all crowding on the platform to enter the school, and a huge giant-man was yelling for first years to climb aboard some small rickety wooden boats that looked they would sink at any second. She exhaled. It was her first year at Hogwarts, but she was fourteen. And it was all because of an illness. One damned illness that had been with her since birth. It was called "Albraxnia" (A/N: That is not the name of any existing illness or disease that I know about. I literally came up with it 5 minutes before typing this), and it was worse than most illnesses. It was extremely painful, one that would eat her up from the inside, slowly and terrifying. If it weren't for the expensive treatment her parents could afford, being one of the 12 remaining Pureblood families, she definitely would not be alive right now. The special rehabilitation center she went to, or rather spent nearly three quarters of her life at was called Madam Maher's Home for Incurable Cases. She had mildly enjoyed her years there, as there were many extracurricular programs, such as , and she did have a private tutor, Ms. Muse, to teach her what she was missing during Hogwarts, including spells and potions, so she did have a wand. She had bought it from Ollivander when she was 11, though she wouldn't be attending Hogwarts, which she had wanted to do badly ever since Daphne. It was quite simple, a bit over 15 inches long, slender, black, and with a spiral design on the entire thing. The core was made of unicorn hair, and the rest of dragon heart string. Astoria had always found it amusing that a hair from a sweet, gentle creature from a unicorn, and then something from the heart of such a fierce, vicious dragon had ended up in the same wand. Then the thing actually worked fine, not bothering to realize that two animals, with drastically different personalities, were combined within it. Nevertheless, both creatures were beautiful in their own way. She winced as she felt the familiar sensation within her, and made a mental note to take a potion later. The scientist her parents had hired 1 year ago, a brilliant young wizard named Vicnur Aldor, had recently made a breakthrough. He had discovered a drought to, number one, reduce the pain, and, number two, to take away the illness from her system permanently. But to do that, she had to take a certain terrible tasting potion for three months. But it didn't matter. Compared to how she would feel when she still had the illness, it was nearly umpteenth times better. All she had to do was take 2 of the draughts Mr. Aldor had brewed for her a day, and, in exactly 2 weeks, she would be alright. No illness. No worries. She could enjoy her time at Hogwarts freely. But still, she shuddered just thinking about the feeling of when she still had Albraxnia in her system. During peak times, the pain was unbearable. It was indescribable. You could only come close to how the pain felt when it was described like this: Imagine eating something spicy, really spicy, then the aching burn at the back of your throat. Then picture yourself crying, and trying to hold in the sobs and the screams. Feel the hurting in your throat, like a tiny ball of flames, pent up inside, waiting to escape. Last, picture being just inches away from a raging fire. Then imagine yourself being engulfed in that same flame, the small tendrils of heat painfully tickling your feet, slowly inching up to your knees, then your chest, then swallowing up your face, and your entire head, causing your eyeballs to boil in their sockets, your blood to bubble, resulting in torture beyond recognition. It was like there were dozens of white-hot feathers kicking and screaming inside of her, pushing up against her thin layer of skin. Like hundreds of prickling needles poking her vigorously, scratching up her insides, so they would never heal, even scarring her heart and her chest. At serious times, this was exactly how Astoria felt, and she would scarcely have the energy to writhe around in her bed, much less even scream. (A/N: I hope that description was painful enough.) But really, that was only a way to describe the feeling of the pain. To describe how much agony she went through. What really happened was that some type of acidic poison in her blood would start to attack her internal organs and her muscle tissue, her abdomen, and clog her heart vessels, making it difficult to breathe. Finally, it would push at her skin, slowly eating it away. The real problem was that it began to kill her blood-cells, causing her to pass out and go unconscious at bad times. But it had stopped, since Mr. Aldor had created a substance that would kill the poison in her bloodstream, and turn the dead poison cells into red blood cells, so she wouldn't suffer from blood loss. She had the illness because of a curse. Decades ago, Astoria's Great-great-great-great-Grandfather, Andrei Greengrass had attended a banquet with his pregnant wife, Blanche Greengrass. He had gotten drunk, and had begun to boast about how he was from the purest, richest, and most powerful family present. Abraxas Malfoy, Leonard Nott, and Philip Runcorn had all disagreed, but let it go because Andrei was young, foolish, and drunk. Cygnus Ravinde, a man from another pure blood family, also happened to be heavily drunk. Unfortunately, he got very angry and lost his temper. He was an ancient old man, who was at least 150 years old. He knew countless spells, charms, and hexes, and he did, of course, get offended. Raising his wand, he cursed, not Andrei, but his wife, Blanche, to have a baby who would carry a illness so dangerous that it would ruin Greengrass females and kill them, painfully and slowly. Andrei got equally angry and a duel broke out. In the end, both men were injured, and the two families remained rivals for many years after that, until the Ravinde family died out, as a certain heir decided he didn't want to marry or have children. "Astoria!" Daphne's sharp voice cut in, and her tone made it clear it wasn't the first time she had called out her little sister's name. Astoria jumped, and yelped, startled at the sudden sound. "Astoria, are you feeling alright?" Daphne inquired, a note of worry in her voice. She felt her sister's slender, long-fingered hand clamp down protectively on her shoulder. "Y-yes. I'm fine. Just a bit scared, that's it." Astoria managed. before she stopped walking and gasped. Hogwarts was beautiful! Way better than Daphne ever described it. It had what seemed like thousands of crystal chandeliers, and intricately weaved tapestries on nearly every single wall. Daphne told her that there were more than a hundred stairwells in Hogwarts, and that many even shifted! There were even "trick steps" that you could sink your foot in, and fake doors that were really walls. Why, there were even ghosts! There was one for Slytherin, Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, and Hufflepuff! That reminded Astoria. Her sorting! How was that going to take place? She hadn't gone with the first years in the boats to be sorted! What now? She wasn't even eleven! Her cheeks burned. Did this mean she would have to get up from the tables and get sorted? How embarrassing! Surely, everyone would laugh at her! They would make fun of her! A 14-year-old getting sorted with a group of first-years! Panic rose in her throat, and her heart began to beat faster. "Daphne!" she whispered. She didn't seem to hear her. "Daphne!" This time, Daphne heard her. "What is it, love?" "How am I supposed to be sorted? Or will I just be in Slytherin?" Daphne cracked a grin. "You're going to be sorted separately. In Dumbledore's office, before everyone else. Don't worry, Mother and Father got it all figured out." Daphne smiled. "Come on. If we want that to become true, we'll have to hurry and go to the old codger's office. If you ask me, anyone would run this school better than that geezer. " she finished, still rambling on about how Albus Dumbledore should have gotten replaced by someone better ages ago. Astoria knew that all her family hated the man, but she didn't share that same viewpoint. She didn't even like being under the rule of the Dark Lord. But she never told anyone, not even Daphne, who was probably the one person she trusted the most, even more than her own parents. Her father, Edmund Greengrass, was even a death eater, though she was sworn to never tell an outsider. "SLYTHERIN!" the sorting hat bellowed. They were in Dumbledore's beautiful, circular office. It was elegant, with the portraits of previous headmasters, and many detailed little figurines on his polished mahogany desk. There was even a breathtaking sword in a glass showcase, in the corner. It's hilt was made made of deep red rubies and the blade was gleaming. But that wasn't important. Astoria was now a Slytherin. Slytherin. She was really hoping for something different. Like Hufflepuff, or even Ravenclaw. Well then, maybe it was destined for her to follow her family's tradition, after all. She tried to hide her crestfallen face. "Oh my god! Congratulations, Tori! I knew you would probably follow family tradition!" Daphne squealed, not even bothering to notice the flicker of amusement in Professor Dumbledore's eyes, which did not go unnoticed by Astoria despite his half-moon glasses. "Very well then, Ms. Greengrass. Congratulations. Now now, you must go back to the Great Hall. I am definitely sure your sister has many things to catch up on with her friends. As for you," he said, gesturing toward Astoria, with a twinkle in his eye, "you have many friends to make, I'm guessing?" "Right, right, come then, Tori, let's go." Daphne replied curtly. Dumbledore nodded politely. If he noticed her sister's distaste, he didn't show it. "Come on, Tori. I'll introduce you to my friends. You'll love Pansy and Violet. Oooohhh! Tashiana is also in our year! You'll get along with her just fine..." and with that, Daphne spun on her heel and left the office, presumably buried in her own thoughts. Astoria stayed a moment longer to continue admiring the beautiful room, and the quite alluring phoenix she had just spotted in the corner. The bird was majestic, with scarlet wings and a tall frame, probably 3-4 feet or so. "I doubt you'd want to miss the first meal of the year, Ms. Greengrass." Professor Dumbledore cut in, "Hurry along, now. It should be starting any minute. Maybe you can come in here another time and meet Fawkes." he told her cheerily, snapping her attention away from the astonishing creature. She looked up at him. He was a weird man, eccentric in every way. Especially his blue robes that seemed to fade from sky blue to dark blue , and ebony black wizards' hat with the white pearls sewn onto the brim that sat crookedly on his silver hair. Both were, ironically, printed with white wands and crescent moons. His long beard, that had to have measured at least two feet, was neatly combed and tied with what looked like a bright red witchs' hair tie. Realizing that she had stared at the man's attire far too long, she quickly averted her eyes. "I , er, I- yes, sir. I'll be on my way." she managed to squeak out meekly. Much to her chagrin, the headmaster had probably noticed the way she looked