Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. I am just borrowing the characters for some fun. Warning: This story will contain Swearing, Scenes of Torture and Sexual innuendo. Eventual Slash. Summary: Nothing is going to plan. The order is three days late to pick him up and Lucius Malfoy has somehow managed to get out of Azkaban. Remus always wants to talk, but Harry can't bring himself to even think of what happened in June. It was time to face facts: Harry's life belongs to the cause and his own feelings don't matter. Begins after Order of the Phoenix. Eventual Slash. Chapter One: Settling In In the town of Surry, on a street called Privet Drive the lights had gone dark. At number 7 Mr. Woodhouse had brought in his dog, after his final outing of the night. Up at number 10 the Hamilton's had finally fallen asleep warm in each other's arms. At number 2, Ms. Fig's cats where heading for a drink of milk before calling it a night and curling up next to their master in bed. And at number 4, Harry Potter had fallen asleep in a rickety desk chair that pointed towards the window. He jerked awake with the suddenness that is born of someone who dreams in nightmares. Unfortunately the sudden movement only caused his muscles, which had been moments before resting in such an unnatural position, to groan in pain. He sighed and reached a hand up to rub his neck, before jumping up to look closely out the window. "Damn it!" he threw his hand forward as if to punch the wall, but stopped just short for fear that the noise would wake his relatives . "Where the fuck are they?" He spun to meet the unimpressed gaze of his owl. Hedwig seemed to sigh with frustration at her owner's demeanor. After 3 days of a high strung 15 year old Harry Potter, she was well used to this kind of show. Harry was beside himself. 3 days late! 3 days late when Voldemort was on the loose, and ploting his demise! Three days without letters or information or any indication that the last five years had not, in fact, been some kind of crazy dream. Three days of dread, and time spent waiting on anything. For all he knew they had come to get him, but had been ambushed on their way over and everyone was dead. In which case it was probably a stupid idea to leave the house, but he could not stand to stare any longer at the bare walls of the spare bedroom of his relative's house. It was certainly not his room, and he was certainly sick of seeing the look of disappointment on his relations face every time he showed up for breakfast in the morning. His uncle had taken to waving sausages about as he ranted about the timeliness of those Freaks. Harry could hear it now. Boy! What is the meaning of this? Do they not even own a bloody calendar? Or do they keep to some freakish calendar? Probably mixed with some satanic ritual, I have no doubt! Bleeding freaks are probably off dancing naked at Stonehenge and forgot to take you with them! His aunt always pursed her lips in such a way that Harry knew she was thinking something vile. Then, she ticked her spoon steadily against her bowl, until Harry had to fight the urge not the flip over the table. And the most sickening was Dudley's muttered agreements with his father as he dribbled his cereal all over the table. No. Enough was enough! If they did not get him tonight, he was leaving himself. At this point he would rather be Avada Kedavra 'd then spend one more day doing chores and being bullied by the other occupants number 4 Privet Drive. It was 1 am, and if he did not see someone from the Order of the Phoenix within the next two hours he was getting the hell out of this place until next summer. They could all just fucking deal with it! And maybe the next time they set some plans, they'd damn well keep them. He turned and almost knocked over Hedwig's cage when he heard some noise coming from the street. She chirped her disapproval as he rushed back to the window. But it was only two teens that were stumbling home drunk after an evening at the pub. They were leaning on each other heavily and walking down the middle of the street in a zig zag pattern. Harry could even hear some faint singing. He leaned his head against the glass and wished that he could have a nice glass of Firewhisky to calm his nerves. "Hello Harry." Harry spun and pulled his wand at the same moment. The chair tipped over in his haste and he winced at the noise. Standing in front of him was a shabby looking Remus Lupin holding his hands up in peace. Harry's eyes narrowed. "What do I hear when a Dementor comes close to me?" Remus looked sad for a moment and then squared his shoulders. "You hear Voldemort killing your parents. You could have picked a more pleasant item to question me on." Harry's wand dropped to his side. "I guess I am not feeling in a particularly pleasant mood." He whispered. "Don't talk so loud you'll wake my uncle." Remus gestured at his wand and smiled. "Silencing charms." "Oh in that case...WHERE THE FUCK HAVE YOU BEEN FOR THE LAST THREE DAYS!?" "We ran into some difficulties" said Remus, completely non-pulsed by Harry's attitude. "DIFFICULTIES is being late ONE DAY! I would call this a fucking CRISIS!" Said Harry "Harry, I am sorry. The day watch detected some potential problems and we could not risk it until tonight." Remus explained. "Since when did you get such a mouth on you?" "Since I had to wait 3 F-ing days for news that the whole Order had not been blown to smithereens! I have been out of my mind with worry! And not one shred of news! You would think that someone on the day watch could poke me and tell me that Voldemort had not won while I was stuck in this muggle hell!" Harry turned abruptly, to hide the wet feeling that was coming to his eyes. He had never been so relived. "I'm sorry Harry." Remus righted the knocked over chair that was in his way and walked up behind Harry, so he could rest his hand on his shoulder. "I know you must have been terribly worried. But we don't have time to talk about it now. Fred and George are waiting for us. I promise to explain everything when we get to our safe location," Harry nodded and blinked several times. "Alright, I guess I can't say that I am not eager to get out of here. What's the plan?" Remus dangled a pastry in front of his face and Harry turned to face him properly. "You just need to eat this pastry and I will be on my way. One of Fred and Georges creations actually. It transforms you into a canary. Canary creams I believe they call it?" Said Remus "This is actually an improved formulation that will have you keep that form long enough for us to get to safety." Harry's mouth dropped open. "You're joking!" Remus gave a genuine smile for the first time that night and looked entirely too pleased with himself. "Nope." "What are you going to do with a canary? Stuff it in your pocket? That sounds a bit uncomfortable." Said Harry Remus's smile grew to alarming proportions. "That's the general idea. Of course, it also knocks you out so don't worry about any discomfort. When you wake up you will be safe and sound in bed. I thought it was rather brilliant. " Harry laughed somewhat hysterically. "Of all the ways wizards can travel and you lot choose this ?" "Unfortunately most of those ways are also tracked by the ministry." Remus said matter-of-factly. "We are not too keen on them at the moment." Harry thought back to that night at the ministry...he shook his head. Not now! "Apparition?" "Not possible within the bloodwards." "Seriously?" Harry whined, starting to give in. "Could we not just fly?" Remus rolled his eyes. "Oh yes and make you perfect target practice for Voldemort. If you travel this way, we also have the advantage of him not know that you are with me. Normally one does not conceal a person, under their robes. Anyone watching will just see me and I will be apparating once out of the wards, for a quick getaway. Hopefully Voldemort will continue to assume that you are residing under the protection of the blood wards. " Harry was still not exactly pleased by the proceedings, but seeing as he could not offer an alternative, he succumbed to his fate. "Fine. Hand it over." Remus handed over the pastry almost vibrating from mirth, and Harry was reminded that he had once been one of the most famous pranksters of Hogwarts. "Tell me if it tastes as good as it looks." It did in fact look pretty good. It had a nice puff pastry on the outside, that seemed to be brushed with some kind of glaze and someone had sprinkled hard sugar on the top. As he picked it up he felt, what promised to be a delicious custard cream filling. Harry took his first bite not knowing what to expect, but he was pleasantly surprised. It was not half bad for a poisoned pastry. "S'not bad at all." He mumbled. Remus was making himself busy shrinking Harry's trunk. He also released Hedwig into the night and shrunk her cage to fit into his pocket. Harry started to feel a bit light headed a few bites to the end. His head felt so heavy, and he had to talk himself into eating the last bit. Suddenly the need to sit was overwhelming. Luckily the room was small and he was able to turn and plop onto the bed. His last thought was that he hoped he had a softer mattress wherever he was headed... Harry woke up alone in a dark bedroom. It was a bit disorienting to feel like he had missed a step in his journey, but it did not take him long to recognize the dreary decor of number 12 Grimmauld Place. Someone had obviously tried to spruce up the room a bit for him. A vase sat on his bedside table with fresh flowers and clean crisp sheets lined the bed. His trunk was placed on a small stand at the end of his bed and Hedwig's cage sat on a desk in the corner of the room. These little touches, while pleasant, did little to calm the churning of his stomach. This house just held too many memories. Sirius singing Christmas carols, Sirius fooling around at dinner, Sirius pranking the twins relentlessly... Even the happy memories where tinged in regret now. Sirius had hated this house, and ultimately, it has been his need to get away that had lead to his death. Anger surged inside Harry and he did not know how to calm it down. How could they bring him back here? He had assumed that he was headed to the Burrow or some other location. Dumbledore certainly must have other safe places hidden away somewhere. There had to be somewhere else he could go besides here. It could not have escaped anyone that this place would hold painful memories. But Dumbledore had never been one to minimize Harry's pain. In fact he would probably babble on about how it would be good for him to confront these feelings. After all hadn't he said something like that after the Triwizard Tournament? Now that Voldemort was back, the resounding message seemed to be that Harry Potter