Author's Note: Hello and welcome, intrepid readers! Note well: This story is the third and final installment in a trilogy of fics that I have written over the course of the last few months, beginning with "The Weary Trail of Deathless Days" and continuing with "Into the Arms of Forever." Although it is not absolutely essential to have read those two stories before diving into this one, I would earnestly recommend that you do so. I do recap some of the more salient points of the first fic in this particular chapter and will probably be referencing other past events as the tale goes on, but it will be a bit easier to follow if readers have already familiarized themselves with those stories. Then of course, there is the simple (and somewhat selfish) fact that it would make me very happy to have more people reading - and even happier to hear your reviews, if you are so inclined. Thoughtful, constructive commentary is always valued, and a kind word or a note of encouragement would just make my heart sing! As a final note, I have been deliberately vague about the timeline all along, but suffice it to say that this story picks up many years after the ending of the previous fic. I am not very concerned with exact specificity as far as the ages of the hobbits go - just know that by this point they would be uncommonly old for their kind as a consequence of their long tenure in the Undying Lands. XXXXX Where All Roads Converge Chapter 1: An Unannounced Visitor Everything was changed. Perhaps not changed precisely, not in the exact sense of the term, but rather, intensified in a way that was ineffable, a way that was impossible to pin down through the ordered logic of reason. There was an unaccountable sublimity at work, a sense of exaltedness and even sanctity that rendered the earth as consecrated ground. The eyes of the world were more watchful, more keenly discerning and intelligent, and this strange simultaneity of outside perspective seemed to heighten one's sense of self-awareness. The wind spoke not with inaudible breath but with intelligible words in a forgotten language, disseminating its message to the remotest corners of the world – a message that was communicated through the rustle of tree leaves and the resonating vibrato of birdsong. There are moments of complete self-contemplation when one has freed his mind from all extraneous thought, when one's very soul seems to escape from his bodily thrall and looking at himself as from an outsider's view, he thinks to himself: How must the flower in all of its beauty apprehend me, uncouth as I am? How low must I appear to the nightingale perched loftily in its bough? How does the turf underneath my feet suffer my weight so unprotestingly? And it is as though he is at once being scrutinized and looking out from the vantage point of nature in all of her guises. So it seemed to Frodo at this very moment. He thought perhaps that he had found his way back to Valinor, that divine sanctuary of the mighty Valar, though he could not for the life of him remember being conveyed across the Sea from his home in Tol Eressëa. He had touched upon those shores before on more than one occasion, and he was quite familiar with that sense of burning oneness with the universe that he had known during those sojourns in that holy land. He remembered feeling as though his body had housed some torch that had reacted fiercely to the sudden immersion in the hallowed air reserved specially for the Ainur and the High Elves, that that fire must surely devour him with its potency and its desire to escape its fleshly prison. But here, it was not so. Here, there was none of that urgency, none of that inner frenzy searing him with its yearning to be freed. Here, he was not outside of his element the way that he had been in Valinor but was assuredly in concert with his environs. His immortal essence was not at odds with his mortal self, but the two walked together in perfect harmony and even ballasted one another. "But if I am not in Valinor, where then am I?" he thought to himself bemusedly. He had no answer and indeed, was so ensconced in his own soul's rapture that he little cared what the land was named. So he walked on, praising the grass between his toes all the while for granting him passage, praising the glory of the Sun that lit his way, praising wind and sky and space for each lungful of air, for gracing him with their endless splendour, for allowing him to subsist on the nourishment of their heavenly breath. The land began to rise gradually and Frodo saw mounting before him a grassy knoll whose crest was kissed by the lowering Sun. He fancied that he saw a figure minutely eclipsing the light, thought it might have only been an upright finger of rock or some other topographical feature that had caught his eye. He made his way forward, heading always toward the Western light, that crown jewel that balanced on the summit of the hillock. The climb grew steeper, but his exertions cost him no weariness. As he drew nearer to the top he could now see that yes, there was indeed a certain someone ringed against the erumpent Sun, looming blackly against the white light, but he could only squint blindly against such powerful luminosity and was forced to shade his brow with a hand if he tried to make out the person's features. It seemed that the individual was looking outward in the direction of the Sun, unmoving and perfectly unaware of Frodo's presence. When Frodo had finally completed the long trek to the top – and truly, it felt as though the ascent had been taken far longer than he had projected when he set out – he found himself looking at a hobbit whose back was to him. The hobbits' arms were clasped loosely behind his back, as though he were pondering some deep philosophical question, perhaps, or else ruminating on what to serve at the next mealtime (which was the likelier alternative, Frodo thought to himself). " What a strange place to meet another hobbit ," Frodo mused. " I wonder how it is that he arrived here ." He extended an arm to him and touched him gently on the shoulder, but there was something uncanny about the ordinary manoeuvre, as though a puppeteer had pulled an invisible thread connected to his arm and compelled him to the motion. The mystery hobbit unclasped his hands at Frodo's touch and slowly turned his curly brown head to face his unannounced visitor. Frodo gasped and took an astonished step backward, nearly stumbling over his own feet in the process. The hobbit chuckled mirthfully, but without any trace of condescension, and the hairs on the back of Frodo's neck stood up at the noise. If he had not heard the sound of that laughter, he would have sworn that the light had dazzled his eyes and so deceived him; but now, he could not deny the proofs that had been laid before him. "Bilbo?" he said aloud, wondering that those syllables should escape his lips. "Hullo, Frodo lad," Bilbo hailed him serenely – but it was not the Bilbo that had cohabited with Frodo in Tol Eressëa. This Bilbo was young, as young as Frodo could ever remember seeing him, his physiognomy unlined and his complexion rosy and healthful. "Uncle…" Frodo murmured in awed overtones, a suggestion of lingering disbelief evinced in his address. "Yes, Frodo, I am here, so you may stop goggling at me once you have thoroughly convinced yourself of the fact!" he gibed with his typical irreverent humour. "Forgive me, Uncle, but I had not expected to see you here – and looking so well, at that!" Frodo replied dumbly. "I daresay you didn't, my boy, but that is no reason to go gaping and gawping at those you meet, chance encounter or not, now is it? But never mind. Though you might not have expected me, I have certainly been expecting you ," said Bilbo. "But…where are we?" Frodo queried, sweeping his head from side to side to survey his surroundings. Bilbo turned his back suddenly, resuming his former stance as he gazed toward the western horizon. Frodo stepped forward and stood by his side, looking searchingly at his uncle's profile. "Do you not know, Frodo?" Bilbo said at last, meeting his eye. He took one of Frodo's hands into his own and raised it eye-level. Frodo's brow wrinkled faintly as he tried to divine his uncle's meaning and his breath caught in his throat. He tore his hand away precipitously and splayed his fingers out in front of him, naked shock displaying itself on his visage. All of his fingers were present and accounted for, all ten fingers . Slowly, his eyes reconnected with Bilbo's, and a new thought occurred to him, one that he could not believe that he had neglected to remember. "Bilbo… have I died?" Frodo asked tremulously. "Let's just say that you are a long way from home," Bilbo said. Frodo sat down in the grass dazedly and buried his face in his palms. "I don't understand, Bilbo, I don't understand any of this," said Frodo, uncovering his face after a space. "How did this happen?" Bilbo lowered himself beside his nephew, stretching his legs out before him with an unconcern that Frodo found unbefitting. "Now there, Frodo, you needn't look so down in the mouth. Where is that dauntless Baggins spirit that I know so well?" Bilbo encouraged. "You are not even sure of where you have got yourself landed in and yet already you fear for the worst." "No, I do not know where I am, but I do remember what's become of you , Bilbo. And if I am with you now, then that could only lead me to one conclusion." "Yes, that's all very sensible and reasonably stated – but then, we Bagginses were not always known for our good sense, now were we?" said Bilbo with a droll smirk. "No…no, perhaps not. But it's all so strange. Strange that I should be sitting here with you like this…and you so young, and me with…" he glanced down at his hands. "Oh, Bilbo, I have not greeted you at all in the way that I should but I am very frightened and terribly bewildered. If this is what it is to die then it is not at all what I supposed." "And why is that, Frodo?" asked Bilbo. "Well…certainly it is beautiful here, beautiful in a way that I am hard put to describe. But it is also rather more desolate than I would have expected – but perhaps desolate is not quite the right word. It certainly seems as though the place is alive, but oddly enough, there is not a soul to be seen as far as I can tell, present company excluded of course. I feel as though I was still in transit, so to speak, like I have not yet arrived at my true destination. Tell me, Bilbo, have I really died or am I not just wandering through a dream?" "Perhaps neither. Perhaps both, for who says that the dead do not dream? In either case, you are stuck with me now and you might as well make the best of your present situation if you want my advice," Bilbo replied. "I wish you would speak plainer – you are worse even than Gandalf! But I am glad to see you, though I have done a poor job of showing it. Only, it's all so strange. I cannot think of how I came to be here at all. I cannot