" Yuletide Evergreens" ~This night we pray our lives will show This dream he had each child still knows; We are waiting, we have not forgotten.~ 0000000000 "Uncle, where do you want these books to go?" Bilbo Baggins turned to find his beloved nephew Frodo Baggins standing behind him, holding a stack of heavy books of Elvish lore in his arms. "Oh- ah, just a moment more, dear lad." Hurriedly, Bilbo searched for a good place to put the tomes out of the reach of the children who would be coming to Bag End tomorrow. Finally, he grinned. "Right here, Frodo. Up top on the cupboard. We don't want your young rascal of a cousin getting his hands on these, do we?" "No, Uncle," his nephew agreed, sharing Bilbo's fond grin. "Can you believe it, though? Pippin will be five this year! And Merry—why, Merry's practically a tweenager now!" "Yes, Frodo-lad, it is quite remarkable, isn't it?" Bilbo chuckled and placed the last book on the pile, out of sight and reach of any of the small hobbit children's hands. "Ah, well—at least now you will have one more cousin to be a playmate to." "Oh, Pippin is a real imp, he is," Frodo replied. "Did you hear Uncle Paladin and Aunt Eglantine talking about how he poured the sugar bowl onto Cousin Pearl's dress during the festivities in the fall?" Bilbo roared with laughter. "He never did!" he exclaimed, still laughing. "My, he's given you a run for your money in scandals, hasn't he?" Frodo flushed, his pale cheeks going slightly red with indignation and embarrassment. "I haven't done anything of the sort since I came up here to live with you in Bag End, Uncle Bilbo." Bilbo laughed again despite himself. Sometimes, Frodo took a joke that he made too seriously. Of course, growing up in Buckland the way that he had been… Shaking the thought away, he clapped a hand on his nephew's shoulder. "You should know when I am joking by now, Frodo-my-lad." Frodo's flush deepened as he realized how he had reacted, but instead of clamming up and walking away like he would have with anybody else, he merely grinned in self-chagrin. "I suppose," he conceded. 000000000 It was the eve of the beginning of a new year, the day before the Winter Solstice would end and Spring would be on this side of the seasons. In Hobbiton, the festive cheer was at its all-time high. Celebrations had been held for countless days for the coming New Year, and today would reach its pinnacle with feasts and parties and the several families living in the area would meet for fellowship and fun. The air itself was laden with the smells of hundreds of different foods Gammers had set to steep and fine turkeys and freshly-cut ham, complete with dishes of potatoes and greens and all manner of foods that Hobbits loved. Hobbit lads and lasses could hardly contain their excitement, knowing the food that awaited them, and the fun that would follow afterwards—because they were all given permission to play in the freshly-fallen snow that blanketed the ground. Over the bridge in Hobbiton there came a tall figure which walked bent and leaning on a gnarled walking stick, dressed in simple robes of grey and a pointed blue hat that protected his face from the snow. This man was a not-so-often-seen visitor of the Shire, but every one of his visits had been memorable so far. After all, Gandalf the Grey was a wizard, and everyone knew how a wizard loved to leave an impression. He walked all through Hobbiton up Bagshot Row and to the door of Bag End, where he hastily knocked upon it with his staff. "Coming!" called a familiar voice, and soon the door swung inwards to reveal Frodo, who blinked seeing their visitor, before smiling broadly. "Gandalf!" he exclaimed, happiness blooming on his face, and he immediately turned back to the hall behind him and shouted, "Uncle! Uncle, Gandalf's here!" Then he turned back to the waiting wizard and stepped back. "Come in, Gandalf! It's much too bitter to be standing outside for too long, especially with what you're wearing. Aren't you cold?" Gandalf smiled through his thick beard. "Perhaps a bit, Frodo," he conceded, and ducked inside the waiting door of Bag End. He was immediately hit with the aromas wafting through the air of cooking food and knew where Bilbo undoubtedly was. Sure enough, he heard footsteps padding down the hall, and Bilbo appeared from the kitchen, his own face lighting up with his surprise and pleasure of seeing an old friend. "Gandalf!" He came forward and wizard and hobbit embraced, as Frodo took Gandalf's hat and staff to put up. "We didn't expect you until later this evening, I'm afraid," Bilbo began apologetically as he drew back. "We were just preparing the mid-day meal and our dishes for the festivities tonight. Oh, that reminds me—Frodo!" he called, and immediately his nephew appeared around the corner again. "Frodo, will you check the ham for me? It's just about time for it to sit." Frodo obeyed, disappearing back into the kitchen with a smile for Gandalf. "It's been a very busy day already, old friend!" Bilbo continued as he led Gandalf farther into the smial. "The party starts when?" Gandalf asked, looking at his surroundings like he did every time he came around. "Oh, around suppertime," came the reply. "And it is said this will be the largest Hobbiton has seen in fifty years!" The wizard chuckled as he was led into the kitchen area to a seat at the small table. "I'm sure it will be, my friend." "Will you come with us, Gandalf?" Frodo asked from the slow-cooking oven where the source of the smells was coming from. Gandalf looked thoughtful for a moment, then, as if deciding some important matter, nodded in a decisive way, his eyes twinkling with mischief. "I do believe I will, Frodo. After all, I cannot miss a Hobbit's home-cooked meal, can I?" 000000000 The festivities were certainly all that had been promised, and more. Hobbits of all ages came to the dinner to eat all that they could, which was a lot, and then sing and dance their celebrations of the season. The yule log burned brightly in the center of it all. Merry Brandybuck, Frodo's younger cousin, was especially curious about the yule log, and followed Frodo around that evening, acting like a small puppy, asking questions, catching up on news, and all the while Pippin Took was following them, as close to Merry as the latter was to Frodo. "Frodo?" "Yes, Merry-mine?" "Why do we burn the yule log like this? Isn't it just a log? Why do we have to keep it burning for so long?" Frodo smiled to hear his cousin's questions, knowing that Merry Brandybuck was among the most curious Hobbits he knew (unless he counted himself, which he did not), and that thirst for knowledge had certainly not diminished at all since he had left Buckland two years ago. "Well, Merry," he began, picking up Pippin as he did so, "we burn the yule log not only because it's a tradition, but also to keep evil spirits away and bring good luck to us all during the next year." "Frodo?" "Hmm?" "Will you tell me a story later?" Frodo's explanation had sounded like the beginning of a story, and he loved his cousin's stories. Frodo looked at him, considering, and then grinned. "Of course I will, dearling." Of course, word spread around among the rest of the children there that Frodo Baggins was going to tell a story, and they all begged to hear it, too, so Bilbo laughed to hear of the situation, and told them all to go to Bag End and warm themselves by the fire. The festivities were ending, anyway, so the parents allowed them to go. 000000000 The children all followed Frodo back to Bag End, eager to hear a story from him. Merry, however, stopped for an instant, spotting something in the snow a few feet off the path, and went to pick it up. His gaze brightened when seeing what it was, and he looked over at Frodo almost eagerly. As the rest of the children piled into the doorway and shrugged out of their coats and scarves and hats, he instead approached his older cousin, holding his surprise behind his back. "Frodo," he said, to catch his attention. Frodo smiled at him. "What is it, Merry-mine?" His smile turned curious seeing Merry was hiding something. "What do you have, dearling?" "I found it in the snow," Merry explained, bringing it into view, and Frodo's smile softened. His younger cousin held a frozen sprig of evergreen, its needles covered with ice and powdered with snow, a brilliant bluish-green. It must have fallen from a bundle as someone brought limbs of evergreen to their holes and been snowed on during the night. It really was quite beautiful, Frodo thought, and Merry could see that expressed on his face, so he held it out to his older cousin. Frodo took it into his own hands and felt its still-soft needles. The other children noticed his fascination with the small plant and watched him curiously, and followed him as Frodo made his way into the living room by the hearth, where he sat down on an armchair, his gaze turning thoughtful. The other hobbit children huddled around him, and as he watched from the kitchen doorway, Bilbo smiled. Frodo was often considered a mite odd by living in Buckland and the nasty rumors spread by Lobelia Sacksville-Baggins, but that did not matter in the least to the children of Hobbiton. To them, Frodo was not the least bit strange, but instead a gifted storyteller and a play-pal, as he was almost always willing to play a game with those younger than himself. He could keep them entertained for hours with his tales and songs, and it was clear how much he loved children. Bilbo watched Pippin scot up close and rest against Frodo's legs, and Merry did the same. Frodo smiled down at both of them, and took the sprig of evergreen in his hands that Merry had given him. "Have any of you ever heard of Old Man Green?" he asked softly, his blue eyes warm. He loved telling stories, and it showed. At all of the lads' and lasses' responses of 'no' , his grin widened to a smile and he bent forward. "Many years ago," he began softly, so that all the young ones' eyes were fixed raptly upon him, "before there was ever any hobbits of any kind here in the Shire, nor any other type of race of Dwarves or Elves or Men who had yet set their boundaries or kingdoms, there lived a being known to us today simply as Old Man Green. Some say he looked like a Man, with a long beard and mussed clothing. Others say he looked like a Dwarf, short and plump. But one thing all agree on is that he loved the color green. Everything he owned was green, even his eyes were green. And he loved trees. Oaks, elms, maples, lindens, every type of tree that ever there was. "But there was something missing. Old Man Green knew his heart despaired, and there came a time in winter when life brought him no joy." The children all leaned forward as Frodo's voice softened. "One day in the month of Foreyule, he realized that winter had no color. Everything was different in his time, so winter came with snow in every corner of the earth. If you ever see snow like that outside it seems so white and beautiful, but you begin to despair of ever seeing color and life again. And Old Man Green wept, because he felt that winter was a hopeless time bereft of laughter and