the game of life i. After the war, the second war, everything slowly started going back to normal. (Or as normal as demigods can get.) Leo came back with Calypso, who Percy was beyond uncomfortable greeting again after two years. Nico and Will started to go steady, surprising everyone in Camp Half Blood. Jason and Piper were going to stay year-round, and Frank, Hazel, and Reyna et al. went back to Camp Jupiter. The deaths were mourned, the injured healed, and the goodbyes were said before Percy and Annabeth prepared to start their senior year in Goode. It seemed that everything was just as before. Percy explained his sudden mid-year absence by claiming that he went on an exchange trip. Some favors were pulled and plenty of Mist was used, but in the end, with Paul's persuasion, he was able to continue on in the school as a senior. Annabeth moved into the Jackson-Blofis apartment as a new member, after much insistence from Sally. Percy was more than okay with that arrangement. In the beginning, everything was fine . Percy even thought that his mom was too concerned at times. After all, he's already seventeen and a two-time world saving hero! He doesn't need someone to fuss over him all the time. (Or maybe he was just very secretly embarrassed about because Annabeth lives with him now and she is present for all those times when Sally pats his cheeks lovingly or kisses his forehead or something .) After a while, when everything is too normal, Percy started getting those nightmares and flashbacks and hallucinations and—oh gods. Those images in his nightmares terrified him beyond belief, and he did not want to say anything about it. He was good at hiding things. He pretended there was nothing wrong; everything was absolutely perfecto . It was not until one sleepless night he heard Annabeth crying in the guest room ( the room that Gabe used to inhibit , Percy thought with disgust) and Percy found her, hugged her, and whispered that it's okay we're okay everything is okay again even though he didn't quite believe it himself. It turned out that she was hiding the same secret as well: she kept dreaming that something went wrong in Tartarus and one of them never made it back. That Leo never came back with Calypso or that she fell into Tartarus by herself. That Luke killed Percy a long time ago and this was all a dream. That her mother stayed crazy because Annabeth never succeeded in her quest finding the Athena Parthenos. The two whispered about their fears, and then refuted these fears because that's all they were, scary what-ifs that won't happen ever again. They fell asleep in each other's arms often after that, and Sally let them be. After the initial months, the rest of the year flew by like a breeze. With Annabeth's constant probing, Percy somehow managed to take all the standardized testing he needed to apply to colleges in New Rome (who takes holistic admissions to a new height—you've gotta be good in at least three of the five demigod survival skills) and passed all his classes to graduate. At the graduation ceremony, when Percy's name was called, Sally could not look any prouder. ii. College passed by with another blink of the eye. Surprisingly, Percy didn't jinx them when he said that he and Annabeth would get four years of peace and nothing else. Just concentrating on their studies (marine biology and architecture, of course) and their relationship. Being a former praetor obviously had its perks. Being a former praetor's girlfriend had its perks, too. Being the two who saved the world, twice? Well, that's basically a stable job in the demigod world right out of college. Soon, they discovered that there were connections outside of the camp's immediate bubble, too, so the two moved back to New York, several minutes away from Sally's, to continue on with their lives. They wanted to stay close to Olympus (Annabeth did not quit as the official architect, after all). The two established a particular sort of routine—Annabeth works for Olympus from 9 to 5, and Percy works for a big-time aquarium researcher, coincidentally the mortal father of his demigod roommate in New Rome. It went on for two or three years, until one night Percy brought Annabeth on a date, dropped down to his knee, and asked if she would marry him. Of course I will, you Seaweed Brain. She said. Didn't you give up an eternity just to be with me? I would be kind of unwise to let you and your dorkiness get away. Yeah, yeah I did. I love you, Wise Girl. Just like what he said at the Parthenon before defeating the giants. Percy decided that life could not get any better. iii. The wedding was a small gathering with friends and family, and it would go down in history as the only time in centuries where Athena and Poseidon endured each other for the whole day without fighting. The gods don't usually come to their children's weddings. The others said, jealous and happy for them at the same time. The other gods did not show, but just their closest family and friends were enough. They requested to dance to the song they heard so many years ago on Olympus, when they had their first dance as awkward thirteen year olds, when they just got their grey streaks from holding up the sky. (It completely grew out years ago, but the two could still pinpoint where the other's exact strands where. It never faded from memory.) This time , Percy thought, the song was not just sad and a little bit hopeful anymore. It was plenty hopeful and definitely a melancholy sort of happiness, for all the sacrifice they have gone through to get there. They danced a lot, they drank a lot, and that night was absolute heaven. (Ahem, Elysium. But whatever.) The two were finally happy, really, really happy. All those years paid off in the end. iv. It wasn't long after that Annabeth was pregnant, and Percy scrambled around to make as much money as he could to support his family. His family—a new one that he is responsible for. Percy was determined to become the father that he never had. Annabeth, too, would be the best mother little Sophie could ever ask for. It's not just her arrogance speaking, you'll see. Baby Sophie was a handful. Annabeth refused to hire a babysitter, because who knew what kind of monsters might be attracted here? Two demigods and a newborn that was the legacy of two gods—now, that was risky business. The couple did not want to move to New Rome either, since they wanted to be able to participate in the outside world, and stay close to Olympus and Camp Half Blood. After all, they were still Greeks at heart. Finally, Annabeth resolved to take Sophie up to Olympus with her so she could still work regularly. No one had any objections, and the matter was settled. The Jackson child (children, if you count Everett, who was born two years after Sophie) would grow up with the knowledge of the gods. Raising children was hard. Percy respected Sally more than ever because he did not know how in Hades she managed to raise him all by herself. He was already having enough trouble taking care of Sophie and Everett with Annabeth—Sally was all alone back then. Talking about Sally, she and Paul came over to visit on a near weekly basis. She would kiss his forehead and rub his cheeks affectionately but that did not bother Percy anymore. He missed his mother. Sometimes, he would think back to the times when he was a teen and all he wanted was for his mother to be safe, not worry about him, and not embarrass him in front of Annabeth. Now he would settle for the weekly visits, but he would rather face ten thousand more monsters than not having his mother around to care for him. Tartarus was at the back corner of everyone's minds now. It seemed tediously slow in the process, but Sophie and Everett grew up quickly. It was Sophie's first day of kindergarten in a blink of an eye, and then the first teacher-parent conference in another. Mr. and Mrs. Jackson, I'm sorry to say that your daughter has ADHD and dyslexia… But Percy and Annabeth just blinked and laughed. They thought the teacher was about to say something so much worse . Then one day, Sophie came back from kindergarten, crying and sobbing hysterically, and Annabeth panicked, not knowing what to do to stop her crying. It didn't seem like there's anything wrong. She called Percy, who called Blackjack so he could come home quick enough and beat New York City's traffic. Sophie immediately hugged Percy and would not let go—there was a monster attack in school. Dark and dreadful looks were exchanged. Oh Sophie, don't worry about it now, Mommy and Daddy will protect you. Percy whispered, guilt filling him up all of the sudden. I know, Sophie muttered, you came to help me today. But Percy didn't. Annabeth and Percy looked at each other, and then realized what was happening. It was Poseidon, the only being who actually looked like Percy, helping out. Percy muttered a thankful prayer and gave his father an extra sacrifice that night. He swore to himself that he would protect his children better from then on, to avoid any future confrontations like this. That night, he went to Camp Half Blood, "borrowed" some of the Golden Fleece, and make his daughter a bracelet to protect her as best as he could. v. Percy and Annabeth should have known that trouble still followed them and that some tragedies were inevitable. Sooner or later, one of their friends would have his or her life cut short. After all, what were the chances that all seven of them demigods will have a long, happy life? A demigod's life usually doesn't last long, and the Fates were proving their cruelty yet again. Hazel, beautiful and timid Hazel, died for the second time. They did not ever see it coming; it was not even any Greek mythology-related beings' fault. It was a nasty car crash , right outside of San Francisco Bay. She was out in the city doing somethingwhile Frank was in New Rome, looking at apartments that the two could move into. He was about to ask for her hand in marriage. She died peacefully , the police said, hands clutching a small cotton bag tightly, putting it right by her heart. Frank was devastated, of course, but distance did not dampen the sadness that Percy and Annabeth felt as well. They flew to New Rome for the funeral, crashing in Annabeth's mortal family's for the weekend. Jason, Piper, Leo, and Calypso were all there. Nico arrived via shadow traveling with Will, devastation and desperateness evident in his eyes. But he healed from years before, and he knew that some deaths were inevitable. When they finally meet Frank, it was at the funeral. All of them gave a short speech, remembering Hazel for her prowess on the Mist and how brave she was in life, but Frank said nothing. When Hazel's friends from New Rome left, Frank tried to leave with them, only to be followed by the others secretly. When Frank took out the small pouch and his firewood and tried to burn it , Percy took away and encased it in a sphere of water and he would not give it back unless Frank reevaluate what he is doing. For the first time, Frank cried. Then the nine (including Nico, Will, and Calypso) sat together and tried to get Frank to calm down and maybe somehow okay again. It's hard for anything to be okay again , he muttered, and everyone