Harry Potter and the Trouble With Neurotypicals: Book Four. Or, "Autistic Potter and the Goblet of Fire." Note: I do not own this. J. K. Rowling does. This is just fan fiction. No money is being made. Not by me, anyway. Note 2: There may be a few bits and pieces lifted word-for-word from the canon material. I tried to do that as little as possible, though. And the more this deviates from canon, the less that will happen. But some descriptions and things like that are too good to skip or try to reword. Note 3: Just as a reminder, so I don't have to shoehorn in descriptions in the text of the story as a reminder, but in this fanfic Harry and Hermione, apart from having Asperger's Syndrome, are both black as well. Note 4: I'm just as bad as Rowling at forgetting about birthdays of characters other than Harry, at least in this fic. So I'll just act as though Harry and the others remembered in the past offstage, and I'll try to be better in future to at least mention them. Chapter One: Dog Star Man Harry had been met at the train station by Dumbledore again, who was his escort to the Dursley house, since Netty couldn't be seen by Muggles. Harry was excited, because in just one short week, his godfather would be picking him up to take him to Sirius's house. Dumbledore was wearing a purple suit with a silver tie, a purple pork-pie hat, and black shoes with white spats. Harry eyed his outrageous outfit and suppressed a laugh at the thought of the Dursleys' reaction to him. "Ready, Harry?" "Yes, sir." "Netty has already taken your things ahead, I believe. So if you take my arm, we can apparate there." Harry nodded, and took the man's arm. This time, Harry managed just barely to avoid being sick. He looked around and saw they were in a blind alley. Dumbledore started walking out of it, Harry following behind. "I know it was a bit unexpected," Harry said, "but did you get my letter I sent you from the train?" "Yes, Harry, I did." "And what do you think?" "I did as you suggested and checked the room you referenced, and did indeed find the cobra from last year. Interesting that you've managed to keep such good care of it for so long." "Yeah. But I can't really keep it as a pet, so, uh..." "Agreed, Harry. As you said in your letter, I agree Cleo is better off in a zoo. I had Professor McGonagall take care of it. It will likely take a few days to be taken fully care of, as there is the Muggle government to deal with first." "Yeah, that makes sense. So she really is a real snake?" "It would appear so. If not, then she is such a remarkable facsimile as to be utterly unique, and I cannot imagine such magic coming from a second-year student, even one as clever and academically gifted as young Mr. Malfoy." "And Snape wanted to destroy her." "Indeed." "If I got another snake, one that isn't venomous, would that be allowed?" "Despite what the Hogwarts letters say, we do allow more familiars than just cats, toads, or owls. It's just that it would be rather tedious listing all of what is allowed or not, in the letters." Harry nodded. "So Sirius's house is supposed to be really big, at least on the inside. That sounds neat." "Agreed. But the best part, Harry," Dumbledore said as they walked down the street, "is that Sirius's parents had put every imaginable ward and security measure on the house. It is also unplottable, meaning it cannot be put on a map. It has everything one could hope for in a secure location, shy of a Fidelius Charm." "I've been wondering something about the Fidelius Charm, Professor." "I will endeavor to answer you, Harry." "Was there some reason one of my parents couldn't have been the secret keeper? I mean, it's like the old adage goes, 'Three men can keep a secret if two are dead.'" Dumbledore chuckled. "Well, now that is complicated to answer. The simplest answer I can give is that the charm is already highly complex, and part of it is a complex ritual. The complexity of that ritual triples in difficulty if one of the people subject to the charm is the secret keeper." Harry thought a moment. "But sir, isn't it just keeping the secret of a single location? Anybody could be in there, if they had the secret divulged to them. You could theoretically put a Fidelius Charm on Hogwarts, even, if you needed to, couldn't you?" "Another part of the difficulty of the charm, Harry, is that if there are people who already know the secret before it has been placed under the charm's protection, the complexity of the whole thing increases the more people knew the secret before the charm went up. If there were three of me, Harry, the three of myself could probably band together to cast the Fidelius Charm on all of Hogwarts, but I'm afraid the effort of doing so would kill all three of myself." "That doesn't really answer my actual question, which was 'why can't we just cast the Fidelius Charm so that someone living at the secret location could be the secret keeper?'" "It is a complex answer, as I said. Perhaps I will send you a letter to explain it. It would be rather a long letter. Anyway, we should probably go inside before your uncle has a fit of temper at us on the lawn for talking of magic in front of his house." "Oh yeah, okay." Harry knocked on the door, and it immediately flew open, Uncle Vernon glaring at Harry in undisguised hatred. "Don't worry, Uncle Vernon," Harry said, "I'll only be here a week. You stay out of my hair, I'll stay out of yours, okay?" Vernon grunted angrily, then said, "Well are you coming in or not, boy? You're letting all the cold air out of the house." "Sorry, coming now." Dumbledore stepped inside as well. Uncle Vernon looked like he wanted to object, but he didn't. He just slammed the door behind Dumbledore. "Mr. and Mrs. Dursley," Dumbledore said when he spotted Petunia crossing her arms and chewing her tongue, "lovely to see you again. I won't take up much of your time, but there have been some updates over the past school year that you should be made aware of." Petunia snorted. Vernon stood beside her and glared at Dumbledore. "Well get on with it, then." "It seems that Harry had a godfather who was being falsely imprisoned for a crime he did not commit, and so was unable to take Harry in after Lily and James died. His name was cleared at the beginning of June this year, and he has been released. Harry will be going to his home at the end of the week. He needs to stay here for a week to recharge the blood wards that keep him and your family safe from Voldemort and his followers. Harry will also need to come back for a time next summer as well, and on until the summer of his 17th birthday." The Dursleys nodded curtly. "Excellent. Netty?" The little female house elf appeared with a crack. Both Dursleys present jumped (Dudley was nowhere to be seen; probably out bullying some first graders), but had apparently been expecting this enough to not scream. "Netty is here now for Harry Potter, Dumbledore sir." "Thank you, Netty. Now, are there any other questions, Mr. and Mrs. Dursley?" They gave non-committal grunts. "Excellent. Now Harry, you may go to the library during the day, but take your wand with you. I do not think you will be attacked by anyone or anything from our world, but best to have it with you just in case. With that in mind, I shall now be going. See you at Hogwarts in September, Harry." "Wait, so does that mean Sirius is picking me up?" "Yes, he is. I believe he's planning to send you an owl about it, so you two can settle the details." "Cool. Thanks, sir." "You are most welcome, Harry. Now one last thing before I leave. Netty, you have brought all Harry's things to his room already, correct?" "Of course, master Dumbledore sir. Netty is being waiting in Mr. Potter's room for you to be calling Netty, sir." "Excellent. And now, at last, I go. Au revoir! " Dumbledore tipped his porkpie hat and went out the door. "Sirius?" Aunt Petunia said. "Why does that name sound familiar?" Harry thought about that a moment. Netty looked to him for permission to speak. Coming to a decision, he shook his head ever so slightly. As fun as it might have been to let them scream in terror when Sirius showed up on their front stoop, he worried they might have a gun and shoot him in self defense. "Sirius Black is his full name." The Dursleys frowned in thought. It looked painful. Vernon was the first to figure it out. "What the bloody Hell do you mean, boy? How can he be one of your lot? He was on our news!" "He, uh... he escaped from our prison. They thought at the time that he was dangerous enough to warn the Muggles, since the crime he was framed for involved the murder of 12 Muggles with a single curse. But this year, we found out one of his supposed victims was the real murderer, and there was proof, so he's free now." Petunia snorted. "I remember now. They even canceled the hunt for him on the news. And here was me thinking he'd been caught again." "He was innocent." She snorted derisively at this. "Not Guilty and Innocent are two different things. Now go get out of our hair like you promised." Harry sighed, and climbed the stairs to his room. He didn't bother to unpack, but he did look through his trunk and took out a book to read. He wasn't sure he wanted to leave the house or not yet, because the Dursleys got angry if he was out later than Dudley, and he didn't exactly trust them not to damage or destroy library books. He was just about to read his book when an unfamiliar owl came to the window bearing a letter for him. Getting up, he got the owl some owl treats and took the letter. It was from Sirius. Dear Harry, I made a plan with Hagrid to pick up my motorbike this week at The Three Broomsticks. I don't know if you'd want to ride on it or not, I understand you have a problem with loud noises. Let me know one way or another soon, so I can know whether or not to get you a helmet and dragon-skin bike leathers. Heck, I might get you something in dragon-skin anyway, if you don't have any issues with it, because dragon skin is very resistant to magic, and can deflect a lot of hexes. Oh wait, silly me, I can just put a silencing charm on the motorbike. There are enough charms keeping us safe from Muggle traffic that the noise isn't really necessary. But let me know if the vibration, the wind, or anything else is likely to be a problem, okay? Love from, Sirius Harry sat there and thought about it for a few minutes before replying. Dear Sirius, Well, every form of magical transportation I've experienced thus far has been horrible in some way or another, so I might as well try something as relatively Muggle as a motorbike. Silencing it would be great. I've never felt dragon hide clothing before, so I don't know how I'll respond to it yet. I know we have dragon-hide gloves, but I've never felt their