The Many Faces of Harry Potter By = Fayanora Chapter One: Feeling Sic Harry Potter was awoken by the sound of banging on the ceiling above him as his cousin Dudley stomped and screamed at him. It was Dudley's birthday, and this made Harry dread the day even more. But, meek little slave that his aunt and uncle had made of him, he got up and went about the business of cooking breakfast for his relatives. At least it being Dudley's birthday, Harry would have one day away from them when Dudley got taken to the zoo. True, it meant he would have to put up with Mrs. Figg's many cats and her obsession over them, but that would be a welcome respite from cleaning and gardening. His life was such that he felt like he could cry all the time, but he'd stopped being able to do so years back. So anything that made him feel a little less miserable was good to him. Thankfully, he managed to cook the food without burning anything, and his aunt and uncle seemed satisfied. Well, they seemed like they could find nothing to complain about but telling him to comb his hair, anyway. That was practically a cheerful 'Hello' for them, though. Dudley, of course, was a spoiled little brat. Where Harry was the secret shame of the family, Dudley was the golden boy who could do no wrong, even though he was morbidly obese, a nasty bully, and a spoiled rotten brat. But to Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, he was perfect. His very shit might as well be made of gold bouillon, they way they carry on about the great lump, came the inner commentary of the sardonic aspect of his mind. He almost snorted with laughter, but luckily held it in before it could escape. It's very sad, the way they treat him, said another part of his mind, one that sounded motherly. Oh? asked the Sardonic Harry voice. Yes. That is not a healthy weight, to say nothing of his personality. And everything he's witnessed them do to you... He sighed. He knew, of course, that his situation wasn't normal. He knew it wasn't normal for one child to be worked half to death, abused, and neglected while the other one got everything the other didn't get. He knew his aunt and uncle were messed up in the head. Of course, there was nothing to be done about that; he was too afraid of retribution to report the situation to an adult. Too afraid that instead of being taken away from the Dursleys, he'd end up beaten to death. Or worse; beaten to within an inch of death and forced to work through the pain. So when Mrs. Figg was indisposed to watch him, and none of the others the Dursleys could count on to keep the secret were able to watch him, and they reluctantly let him come to the zoo with them rather than let him have free reign of the house, he knew it was too good to be true. The whole time there, he kept waiting for the other shoe to drop. Every time something good would happen, like he got a lemon ice lolly because it was easier than explaining to the zoo employee why he wasn't allowed one, or he got to eat a giant ice cream because Dudley wasn't satisfied with its size, he just knew something bad was going to happen. And the better things went, the worse he knew the end result would be. Still, a part of him did dare to hope, to dream, to be a little happy. He ended up in the reptile house, looking with fascination at the snakes and other reptiles, but Dudley and his friend Piers were being prats and banging on the glass, among other annoying things. Normally frightened or resigned at this behavior, he felt an inexplicable surge of annoyance, even anger. He glared at them as they went across the room, then sourly looked over at the snake they'd been bothering. "Sorry about that," he said in a voice that was his but slightly different; he recognized it as Sardonic Harry speaking aloud. "Stupid prat does worse to me, though, so count your blessings." The snake looked up at him, actually lifting its head as though it understood him. "What? You can't understand me, can you?" The snake looked momentarily confused, then nodded. "Oh. Well, stranger stuff has happened to me, so okay. Let's go with that. Where you from?" The snake pointed its tail at the sign that said it was from Brazil. "Brazil, eh? What was that like?" The snake once again pointed. Harry read the sign again, which was getting difficult. He took his glasses off and it cleared up, which he thought was odd, but he was used to weird things happening by now. And he was talking to a snake, which was very weird indeed. "Ah, bred in captivity. Yeah, I know how that feels. I never knew my parents either." Just then, Piers shouted that the snake was doing something interesting, and he and Dudley pushed Harry aside. Harry felt a surge of rage, glaring with clenched teeth at the two idiots. As he did, the glass disappeared, and the two boys screamed in surprise. Feeling a vindictive pleasure he'd never felt before, he looked at the snake and said, "Sic em!" The snake looked confused a moment, then shot forward to try to bite them. It was, of course, a boa constrictor, and therefore was not venomous, but Piers and Dudley didn't know that. They screamed, and Harry laughed with a vindictive glee. The part of his mind that told him this was very very bad was quiet, and he just grinned and slicked his hair back, not noticing that his normal permanent bed-head was gone, his hair lying flat for once. His aunt and uncle ran forward, and he pointed at them. "Them too," he told the snake. It chased after them, and he laughed even harder. "Now be free! Be free, my pretties!" All the glass in the reptile house vanished, and a bunch more snakes fled at his command. Chuckling darkly, he ran off. His rage had been replaced with a soaring happiness, which was something of an alien sensation to Harry. He ran, and ran; he didn't care where to, he just no longer gave a damn. He was on a bus downtown when something inside him shifted, and Sardonic Harry was replaced with Just Harry. Gone was the happiness, even the rage. Now there was only fear and anxiety. What the bloody hell had he DONE? Was he out of his bloody MIND? Never mind the glass disappearing, or the snakes taking orders from him, he had run off. Run off, with nowhere to go except back to an aunt and uncle who would be angrier than they'd been in their entire lives. Getting off the bus, he sat down on a bench and ran his fingers through his hair, which was no longer lying flat, and had gone back to permanent bed-head. But he was too terrified to notice something so trivial. Okay, okay, let's not panic, Motherly Harry thought. Panic isn't going to help. We have to think. What will happen if we go back to the Dursley's? "I'll get locked in my cupboard until the heat death of the universe, and won't get food." Yes, and if we just... don't? "Still no food, unless I get some out of a garbage or I beg for money or something." "Now why would you need to do that?" asked a stranger standing feet from him. He jumped, and looked up. Then his mind boggled. Before him was a man who looked like a very tall and thin Father Christmas, and was dressed in the most ridiculous pin-striped Zoot Suit with a big floppy sun-hat that didn't match. Harry felt Sardonic Harry return. "What's it to you?" The stranger blinked at him, surprised. Harry stared back. "Listen, if you're going to kidnap me, well... whether I cooperate or not depends on how what you plan to do with me compares to what I already go through with my relatives. I won't be a sex slave or anyth-" "Oh now, boy, such language!" The way he said it made Harry think. Sardonic Harry left again, and Just Harry returned. "Sorry about that, sir," he said in his best meek, passive voice. "I'm just a little keyed up." "Natural, after what happened." The man looked around a bit before continuing, "Vanished some glass and set a snake on your relatives, correct?" "How did you—I mean, er..." Blue eyes twinkled gaily. "Don't worry, my dear lad." He sat down next to Harry on the bench, close enough to whisper but not too close. "Harry," he began. "How did you know-" "Please let me explain." Harry nodded. "My name is Albus Dumbledore. And, Harry, I shall just be blunt with it: you are a wizard." He stared at the man. "What?" "I said, you are a wizard. You possess magic." His eyes narrowed in suspicion, Harry asked, "What of it?" "Well, as it happens, so am I." "Right, sure you are." He looked around, then took out a long piece of worked wood, and waved it about a bit. "Yeah, nothing happened," Harry said. "Nothing happened that you saw , Harry. That was not a demonstration, just preparation, as we are among Muggles – non-magic folk. Here, now, is the demonstration." Albus Dumbledore pointed his wand at a stone, and the stone turned into a turtle, which walked toward them slowly. "Okay, you're a wizard too. Doesn't explain why you're here talking to me." "Well, Harry, I just so happen to be the headmaster of a school of magic, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. When the Ministry of Magic informed me of your rather impressive display of magic back at the zoo, and that they had not found the wizard responsible – though they knew who you were, I came looking for you." "Oh. Did I break some secrecy law, sir? Am I going to go to prison?" "No no, nothing like that. Harry, you are young, and do not have a wand, and you were raised by Muggles. So it is forgiven. Doing magic in front of Muggles is not a crime until you have started going to school, and even then there is some leeway." "Oh. Good. So... er... what happens to me now? If I go back to the Dursleys, they'll lock me in my cupboard and not feed me for a month! And my relatives turn white and beat me if I so much as talk about anything that might be magic, they'll never let me go to this Hogwarts, sir." Dumbledore looked in some concern at the boy. But the boy was telling the truth, not exaggerating. He scratched his beard to give himself time to think. "Be that as it may, Harry, they cannot prevent you from going. Even if they will not pay for it, there is a fund to pay for those who cannot afford it. But because your parents were well-off when they died, that fund will not be necessary." "Pardon?" "Oh, Hagrid will explain it to you in more depth. I shall have him come round to collect you to go shopping later in the year, as the letters have not gone out yet." "Please, sir, I can't go back to the Dursleys! I'm not exaggerating, they beat me and starve me and work me like a slave all hours of the day! I can't-" "Calm down, Harry, I believe you." "You do?" "Yes. It makes me very... displeased... that I so misjudged your aunt and uncle. I put you with them because I thought you would be safe there. But I see now that was a mistake." He looked at