Seth's Battle Chapter 1: Encounter Disclaimer: I wish I owned everything, but sadly, I don't. Stephenie Meyer owns it all. A/N: This is basically the inciting incident. The problem is that in the inciting incident, there wasn't much time to introduce Riley Pratt, the main girl character. I promise this is a SethXoc story. She ties into this story a lot, but this is also largely about Seth. I t's time for Seth to finally have a problem instead of just getting a girl with a bad home life like in most fanfics about him. So. Just wait until Riley and Seth really meet in the next chapter. Seth's POV It's funny how little time seemed to mean once you moved schools for so long. I was talking about a hundred years of different high schools. I didn't mind. I used to hate it, but I actually enjoyed watching the kids sort out their social class problems eventually. It was much easier to watch now since I have learned about everything I needed to know. Thank goodness back at home, people were used to kids looking younger than they are. The Cullens were personally responsible for that, but Sam's pack probably was, too. This time around I didn't have to go through the drab high school. There was too much risk of them remembering my track record. I finally got to take college classes. But that's way ahead of us. It was just the beginning of summer when my life began again. I'll start from the move... As we passed the house, I called, "Stop! Stop the car!" Alice slammed on the brakes, but I was already tumbling out the door. It didn't hurt me. I hurried to my feet and sprinted to the soil by the door. After exhaling, I already knew we had missed her. "She's not here. Maybe she's still searching," Jake breathed down my back. Jake and I were pretty close, but nothing like a sibling bond. I used to find Leah so annoying. Boy, was I ever naïve? Even if all Leah did was complain, I would have taken that before getting cut off completely. But that's what I was: stupid. "You mean maybe she isn't dead, which is the most logical idea, and she's just looking for an imprint, which we aren't even sure female wolves can get?" Rosalie, the vampire version of Leah, the pessimist, said from the car. "I already checked the books. She promised, she promised she'd come back if she got imprinted on. It was her last words to me," I sighed, tossing a bit of dusty dirt from my hand. It spread in the wind, dancing and dissolving. Leah was like that dirt. She didn't really dissolve, but it sure looked and felt like it. "She wouldn't stop phasing and not tell us, Seth," Jake squatted next to me with a brotherly protection. Nessie was at my side soon. She was the most adorable woman I've seen, but it was not fair she got to treat me like I was the younger kid. I was there longer! Just because she had a huge crush on Jake – surprise, surprise – didn't mean she's older than me. She went by 15, but I went by 17. "If we want to see Collin and Sally, we'd better go. I heard they were hanging on by a limb," Nessie whispered quietly. She got her grandfather's compassion. Renesmee hated when people were upset. I pouted my way back into the car. Collin and Sally had moved into the Black's house long after Billy had died. Of course, it brought back bad memories for Jake. We had talked to Collin a few years back. He helped plan our return. Collin had mentioned the low numbers of the tribe so we weren't sure what to expect. Jake planned on becoming the leader again. He already felt terrible for abandoning his job for so long. Collin was really close to Brady and I. Brady had stopped phasing after about ten years. Collin and I felt like there was something holding us back…something to do with an imprint. I hadn't found mine, but when Collin found his a few decades back, it gave me hope. We were surprised when we came upon the empty house. It smelled unfamiliar. There was something drawing me in. It was intoxicating…and totally not Collin. "Something's wrong," Alice and I said at the same time. "Where's Collin?" Jake jumped out of the car. "He's bedridden. He has to be in there, unless…" Nessie stopped him with a hand on his shoulder. I had been afraid we were too late. "No. I'm getting visions again. They have decided to stay. Oh no, this is terrible," Alice muttered, trying to find a complete thought. Running madly, I knocked on the door of the house, not even caring about Alice's vision. Jake walked solemnly behind me. I had to see for myself, I just did. An enticing woman opened the door. For a lady in her mid forties, she was seriously beautiful. "You looked up the entire phone book and didn't stop to look at the new number here," Jake muttered to me lowly. The woman somehow caught wind of the comment even though normal human ears could never. "A phone book? I have one in here. Can I help you?" the bright-eyed lady asked. I blinked, surprised, I'm not sure what of, but just shocked by something. Jake seemed to be feeling the same effect. "Collin…Littlesea. We thought he lived here. Our mistakes," I backed off the porch quickly. The woman snapped her fingers with a puzzled look on her face. Let's get this straight. In no way was Jake or I attracted sexually to this woman, but her beauty still shocked us both. "My daughter will know why that name sounds so familiar. Why don't you come inside? It will just be a moment. My name is Julie Pratt. Riley!" she called, dragging me inside as I glanced back awkwardly. "Yes?" an enchanting voice sang. It was soft and velvety, like the sound of church bells ringing. "Do you know anyone named Collin Littlesea?" "'Heard of him. He died a few months before we moved in here. His granddaughter is that bitch who threw the glass at my hand. Of course, it left no mark. Why?" the angelic voice asked. Riley must have been her name. I seriously wanted to climb those stairs so I could put a face with the voice. "Riley! Hush your mouth we have company. I'm sorry, what was your name?" Julie asked. Compared to Riley's voice, Julie's was as good as a smoker's raspy breath. It was disappointing to hear Julie's voice instead of Riley's. "Like I care!" Riley exclaimed. Ah, there it was. "Uh…" I said. It took a few minutes, but then it dawned on me. Collin was dead. "I'm sorry, what about his wife, Sally?" "Are you okay? She's at a nursing home. It's all coming back to me. Yes, do you know them? Grandson?" Julie asked, but I was already out of the door. "Well I never!" They all heard the confrontation. There was no need to explain. I suddenly felt lonely, so lonely I was terrified. That was it. If Leah was gone, there was nothing connecting us to our tribe anymore. All my brothers….gone. All my family…gone. "Let's find Sally. Collin wouldn't have been dumb enough to leave without having her tell us what to do," Jake muttered. His voice choked with tears. I didn't dare speak. I'd cry if I did. The tears burned my eyes, but they didn't fall. . . . The door squeaked upon our entrance. An old, but familiar lady lied on the propped up bed. "I told you! I don't want any more medicine," her voice rasped. Sally…she was always a feisty girl. Jake and I only visited a few times, but Collin was obsessed with her. "You have visitors Mrs. Littlesea," the nurse shut the door on Jake, Nessie, and I. She was old and wrinkled like a prune. I tried my best to smile through my tears when she opened her eyes. We all sat on the worn couch beside her. "Seth Clearwater and Jacob Black…damn, I was hoping to outlive you. But Collin just had to have a stroke," Sally muttered. Never was there a more stubborn lady you could meet…or so I thought. "Is that what happened to Collin? Sorry, I am Renesmee Cullen, Jake's friend," Nessie held out her hand. Sally looked like she wanted to spit on her hand and not shake it. Ness let her hand drop awkwardly. "I understand he left you with a message for us." "That's right. So shut your yapping and I'll get down to the point. Collin Dead," Sally coughed vigorously. Old people made me skittish. They were either smelly and sweet or rude and gross. I never knew how to exactly handle them. "Hold your tears for later. You two are the last of the tribe. Our generations have gone down due to low numbers of cold ones. But a new threat has nearly run over the population of Forks and LaPush." "Yes, Alice said that there was another group of carnivore vampires trying to hanker down," Jake spoke. "Has anyone phased?" Sally snort turned into a cough, but it was worth the thought. "No. I suspect two boys, but I couldn't check because of all of these nurses who don't know what's good for them! All they want to do is give me pills hidden inside of jello! I don't even-," she rambled. "Focus," I choked out. Jake and Ness were almost emotionless, but I was definitely feeling their losses hard. "What are their names?" "Hell if I know. There's something off about the family staying at my old house, though they are mostly all girls." Sally sighed, trying to figure out what else to say. "You all already know the new leeches are staying at the Cullen house." Nessie held back a growl. "Have they been feeding in town?" Jake asked. "Only a few times about three years back, turned one even. Collin was so weak he couldn't even make a treaty. We did get them to agree to stay off our lands until Collin died. There was one death already. It seems like they are picking their time until I die. Once a month they visit me, those bastards!" Sally seemed ready to go on a rampage. Nessie covered her mouth in surprise. We have all seen some pretty gory things, but this hurt the most. Nobody can hurt our hometown! "Is there anything else you need to say?" "Just to please start the pack up again. You two are the last. The generation has fizzled out right now, but they have had a good amount of boys. We were expecting a good outcome coming up in nearly a few months, but we are never sure. Hell, it can begin with you two," her wrinkled finger pointed to Nessie and Jake, both with cheeks burning. "Oh no, we aren't together," Nessie insisted. I started laughing so hard it hurt. Hmm, Sally could grow on me. "He obviously imprinted on you," Sally rolled her eyes before yawning. Nessie whispered, asking what imprinting meant. Oh boy, that would be a fun talk I haven't heard in years. "If you have further questions about the recent pack, my son may know a few answers, but don't count on it. His name is Johnny Littlesea. He lives only a block away from that weird Pratt family. Now if you excuse me, it's time for my nap." We all nodded our thanks as a nurse walked in. But just as we were about to close the door, Sally whispered, "Thank you." "For what?" "For coming and letting me die without worry," Sally sighed and winked before another nurse closed the door on us. That was