Disclaimer: This story is based on characters created and owned by Stephenie Meyer. No money is being made and no copyright infringement is intended. I also do not own Stay Alive, I just really love that movie. Josef and dear little Timothy however is mine, the little chant, poems and songs belong to me as well. Summary: Halloween is about trick r treating or when your in high school it's about having the best Halloween party ever. So how is that Bella ended up in a dead Halloween party with nothing to do but watch her friends play a game called Shadow's Keep. She didn't know that by saying a few words and falling asleep while they played, that she would wake up having to fight for her life and her friends lives as well. Will Bella make it out alive or will she become just another shadow for the game to consume? A/H, OOC, OC Pre-read by: SparklingFae Beta'd by: flamingpen18 and Mama4dukes "Stop moving. You'll ruin your makeup!" The brunette shifted again in her seat as she shot a glare at her torturer. "Why do I have to wear makeup again? I mean, I'm dressed as Alice, and if you haven't noticed, she was too busy chasing after a white rabbit to care about her looks. You know what? Forget it. I told you before. I don't want to go to this stupid costume party." The tall curvy blonde rolled her eyes at the brunette. "Yes, you do, Bella. Besides, the party is at Edward Cullen's house. You know that you are dying to see inside that house as much as everyone else. And let's not forget the crush you have on him." The blonde's lips curved into a mischievous smile. "We both know how much you've been wanting to get his attention. So what better way than this to show that you aren't just a little bookworm, and that you know how to loosen up than to be at this party." "Rose, please don't make me do this." "Now Bella, you promised that you would come with me and Alice to this party." Bella sighed and sat still as Rose applied some eye shadow to her eyes. "I know and I will, even though I don't want to. Speaking of Ali, where is she?" "I'm here." The young woman with short black hair cut in a pixie style named Alice, who preferred to be called Ali said as she walked into the room. Her light green eyes were shining bright in the light of the room. "Ali? What the hell are you wearing?" Bella asked as she turned to look at her friend. She was glad to finally be free of Rose's torture. The petite, elfish looking young woman looked down at her body which was clad in a tight short green corset dress that was tattered at the bottom, fishnet stockings, and green calf high stiletto boots. "What? I'm Tinkerbell's hotter sister. Check out my wings." She turned around so that Rose and Bella could get a good look at the iridescent wings that were secured to the back of the dress. Bella rolled her eyes as Rose clapped her hands together. "Alright bitches, it's time to party. Let's do the check first." Bella sighed as she stood next to Rose and Ali in front of the mirrored sliding closet door in Rose's room. "Make up is perfect, check. Costumes are straight, check. Breath smells fresh, check. Adjust the girls so they look perky, check. Alright then, ladies, we are ready to search and flirt." "Um... don't you mean search and destroy?" Bella asked her as she pressed the skirt of her costume down once more. "Same thing," Rose said as she puckered her deep cherry red lips and blew a kiss at the mirror. "I look too fucking hot to be anything but a tease," she emphasized her words with a shake of her butt. "You know, Rose, I still say you should have gotten a red wig to go with that costume. After all, Jessica Rabbit was a redhead," Bella told her as she flicked her dark brown hair over a shoulder. "And Alice was a blond. Besides, Jessica Rabbit would have looked better as a blond. Therefore, I'm giving everyone the upgraded version of Jessica Rabbit." "Bella, you know better than to argue with her and her inflated ego." Bella nodded her head as Rose huffed. The girls headed down the steps and yelled a quick goodbye to Rose's mom and dad. They all climbed into Rose's red 1996 Toyota Camry. As Rose pulled away from her house, she spoke to Bella and Ali. "So is everything all set? Bella, did you tell your dad you were staying at Ali's house?" Not really paying attention to Rose, Bella gave a nod as she stared out at the dark surrounds that they passed. "Yeah, my parents won't be back home until late tomorrow night, so we have the house to ourselves," Ali told her as she fiddled with the radio. The drive to Edward Cullen's house was short and uneventful. Rose parked the car and the girls got out. They looked around, noticing that there was only a few cars there. "What the hell kind of party is this? There's no one here," Rose stated what was the obvious. "Like we know. Perhaps, you should ask Edward," Ali told her as they stepped up to the door and rang the bell. They could hear booming laughter getting closer to the door. Rose's beautiful face was set into a scowl. Ali looked curious and Bella, well, Bella looked like she'd rather be anywhere else but there. The door swung open, revealing the smiling face of the high school varsity wide receiver, Emmett McCarthy. "Hey, ladies. How's it going?" Rose simply brushed past him. "I thought this was supposed to be a party? All I see is your Jeep, Jasper's truck, and Paul Lahote's charger. Is this the only way you football jocks could get girls? Anyway, it doesn't matter. What matters is what happened to this massive party? You know the one that was going to be the ultimate party that will be talked about for years to come?" Emmett opened his mouth to answer, but it was not his voice that replied. "Lauren fucking Mallory happened. Her parents are, apparently, out of town, so she has the whole weekend to party. Whereas, I only have until midnight. Apparently, the thought of having no interruptions all weekend sounded more appealing," Edward said as he leaned against the walls. Bella sighed as she stepped into the house. She gave Rose an evil glare, which was returned with an inappropriate gesture. Ali moved up beside Rose and looked over at Edward. "Now what are we supposed to do? We don't want to go to Lauren's, because, to be honest, we can't stand her. We got dressed up for a costume party, and it looks like Emmett is the only one dressed in a costume." The girls eyed Emmett's gladiator costume. "That's not true, girls." The girls heads snapped toward a door that was way off to the side where the low raspy southern drawl came from. There, standing in the doorway, was Jasper Whitlock in what looked to be an Confederate Civil War costume. Ali was practically drooling as she took in the sight of the school's varsity quarterback. "You do know that the Yankees won, Jasper? Right?" Bella asked with a smirk as she gave his costume a look. "Yes!" He snapped out at her with a roll of his eyes. "But I refuse to wear a Yank costume. That would be going against my southern upbringing." Bella rolled her eyes and sent a smile his way. He returned it with a smirk and wink. Her eyes briefly flickering over to look at Edward who was still leaning against the wall. His jaw set in a scowl. He looked up when he noticed someone watching him. Seeing it was Bella, he gave her a crooked smile that made her blush. "So, again, what are we to do now? I didn't get dressed like this just to go back home," Rose said with a wave of her hand down her body, interrupting Bella and Edward's moment. "Well, girls, you're just in time. You see, Jasper has somehow procured a game that has yet to reach the market. We were just about to play. So you in?" The three girls looked at each other. "Might as well. I'm in," Rose said while flipping her hair. "Me too," Ali added as she bounced on her toes. "I think I'll just watch," Bella stated as they followed the guys back into what looked to be the entertainment room. There, sitting on the floor in front of a fifty inch, big, screen LCD television, was Paul Lahote and Jacob Black in what looked to be a Biker and Michael Myers costumes. The game was already being loaded, and the new game screen was showing. Bella looked at the screen and rolled her eyes at the name. "Seriously? The game is called Shadow's Keep. What kind of name is that?" "Don't know, don't care. All I know is this is a virgin game, and it's calling us to pop it's cherry," Emmett said as he loaded the players screen after giving Rose and Ali some controllers. Rose sat on the couch next to Emmett. While Ali sat on a cushion on the floor next to Jacob, one of her many new crushes. Bella opted for the love seat. There were only ten players you could choose from. Eight dark characters that portrayed the Shadow players, whose tales were being told in the story, and two heroes, a male and female. "Check out the Shadow players: the Puppeteer, the Jester, the Mad Hatter, the Carver, the Countess Reborn, the Seamstress, the Wolf, and the Immortal. The Shadow Keepers, or should I say heroes, the Knight and the Maiden look weak. I think I'm going to be the Jester," Emmett said as he chose the creepy looking Jester with a wide smile and a bloody hatchet. Everyone else followed his lead, none of them wanting to pick an hero. "Bella, are you sure you do not want to join us? I'm sure there must be another controller around here somewhere," Emmett asked her as he cast a brief glance her way. Bella shifted on the love seat beside Jasper. He looked over at her and gave her a panty dropping smile, his dimples showing briefly, before he turned back to the screen. "No, I'm sure. I'd rather not. Those Shadow characters look a bit grotesque, don't you think? Almost lifelike, yet horrifying at the same time," She said as she tried to calm the blush that was spreading across her face. Her friends looked at her with small smiles on their four guys in the room were chuckling a bit. "This is what you call great graphics, babe?" Paul mumbled as he glanced back at her, giving her a wink before returning his attention back to the big screen. "Relax, Bella. No harm can ever come from playing a game," Jasper said in his raspy southern drawl. He placed a hand on her thigh and gave it a gentle squeeze, letting his hand linger for a moment before he removed it. "Yeah, Bells, it's just a game," Emmett told her with a laugh. "Yeah, sure, just a game. I think I'll sit this round out." Emmett shrugged his massive shoulders. "Suit yourself. Now let's see. It says you have to say this little prayer." "Why the fuck do we have to say a prayer?" Edward asked as he leaned in closer from his gaming chair beside Paul to look at the words. "I don't know, Eddie. Just humor us and say it with us," Paul said, clapping a hand on Edward's shoulder. "Fine, but