Disclaimer: This story is based on a few characters created and owned by Stephenie Meyer. No money is being made and no copyright infringement is intended. Those characters that are not recognized as Twilight characters were made up by myself and Kim Ginsberg who helped me a bit with a few names. Except for Andrej Pejic, that ladies and gents is the name of a real model who works both sides of the runway. The words that were shown for ' Kiss the Night' are mine as well as the words for 'Holiday Jam' . However I do not own ' Have yourself a Merry Little Christmas' those lyrics belong to Hugh Martin who wrote the song with Ralph Blane. Nor do I own the title for ' White Christmas' . Beta'd by:Fallgoddess The beat was thumping and she could barely hear what her best friend was saying as they pushed through the crowd. She looked up at the stage nervously and tugged at the short deep red corset dress she was wearing. "Kim, how did I let you talk me into this?" the short brunette asked as she tugged once more at the dress before giving up. Her best friend turned her head and gave her a wicked smile. "Because you love me, besides the bands rock and you and I, both know, you wouldn't miss a chance at good music for the world. So just relax, Michelle." She huffed as she glared at Kim's back. She would rather be at home, but here she was in a short dress that just made her uncomfortable and stilettos that were going to be the death of her. She wobbled a little bit before gaining her footing as she hurried to keep up with Kim. "So how did you get these tickets anyway?" Kim stopped and looked at her friend with a sly smile. "What would you say if I told you I knew one of the bands?" "I'd say that you were evil and you have something up your sleeves." Kim giggled as she ran her fingers through her short, wavy, brown hair. "Well you're right about one thing; I am evil, but I have nothing up my sleeves. Come on, Michelle, we just have a little further to go." She scrunched up her face in confusion, they were already in front of the stage. How much further could they go? She didn't have time to think about how strange Kim was being tonight as she hurried after Kim's tall frame, clad in, what she called her version of the little black dress. "Kim, who is the band you know….Kim?" Kim had disappeared behind a door, leaving her to stand alone in the dark hallway. Her heart was thumping as she twisted her hands together, dark brown eyes darting back and forth as she bit her bottom lip. Kim poked her head out and looked at her friend, letting her fidget for a moment before she cleared her throat. "Michelle, come meet my boys." She took a small step forward before stopping. Taking a deep breath and closing her eyes a bit she gave herself a mental pep talk. 'You can do this, you're a big girl, and big girls don't get nervous over hot guys in bands. Just keep calm, and don't giggle, and whatever you do, don't stutter.' She opened her eyes and stepped toward a very amused Kim. "Done having your mental freak out?" She rolled her eyes as Kim giggled at her. "Is Bella working tonight?" she cut into Kim's giggling before she could start with the full belly laughs. "No, she's hanging out in the dressing room with Edward. His band is playing tonight, they're pretty good, but you knew that already." "What's their name again?" She knew the name but she still mentally rolled her eyes at it. The name made them sound like a bunch of vampires. Kim snorted as she tried to push her toward the door, knowing that she was stalling. Kim didn't understand why, I mean these guys were her friends and it's not like they would bite...well, not much anyway. " Tempt the Night . I know you've heard their latest song, Kiss the Night ." "Yeah it was pretty good, you can tell Edward obviously wrote it. I love that verse. Never have I seen such perfection as you. I love all the flaws that make you, but it's when you took my hand that I began to feel again. And we'd dance until the breaking dawn, but it seems as if I haven't dance so long. Kiss the night goodbye and hello morning dawn. Please tell me you won't stay away and your love hasn't gone- " She was swaying as she sung the song, but stopped as soon as she heard the clapping. Her eyes snapped open and a blush rose up in her cheeks, blending beautifully with her cocoa color skin. "Kim never said that you could sing." She blinked and dropped her eyes to the floor. "I think something must be wrong with your hearing, I've heard cats yowling better than my singing." "Then you clearly haven't heard what I just heard. By the way my name is Bruno, nice to finally meet you Michelle," he said as he stretched his hand out for her to shake. She gave a sidelong glance at Kim before grasping his hand and giving it a shake. "Oh you've heard of me, that's funny because I know next to nothing about you. Well except for what you hear on TV, and you really can't trust hearsay. I am curious as to what Kim has told you about me. I mean, not that I would think she would say anything bad or that she would say anything good-" He chuckled as he watched her work herself up, before he decided to cut her off. "Relax Michelle, I don't bite. Well not unless you ask." She mumbled under her breath. "You can bite me anytime." He smirked as he heard her quiet words, but decided to tease her a bit. "What was that? Did you just say that you wanted a bite?" Her eyes widened and she looked over at Kim to see her silently laughing and leaning against the door frame. "U-um no, I mean that's okay...um I don't need, ahhhh." Her face flamed a deeper red and she looked away. "I was just kidding Michelle. You know Kim was right about you, she said you were a bit shy and easily embarrassed. Come on in and meet the guys." He stepped aside and ushered her into the makeshift dressing room. "Guys, meet the one and only Michelle that we've all heard so much about." She gave a little smile as he wrapped an arm around her shoulders. The three guys that were in the room gave small waves as they leaned back in their chairs. Kim came and stood by her side and smirked at her when she glanced her way. "Surprise, see nothing was up my sleeve just behind a closed door." She sighed before glaring up at Kim. "Evil, pure evil. Don't worry, Kim, I shall have my revenge." Kim snickered as Bruno gestured to the three guys. "Michelle, meet The Animals, my band. That's Mike with the bowler hat and the drum sticks, I'm sure you already know he's the drummer. Jordan right there is the lead guitarist, don't let his young face fool you, he's a genius when it comes to the guitar. Last, is Chris on the keyboard, this guy is a natural when it comes to the keyboard and harmonica. So, now that you know a little something about us, you'll stay and party with us after our set?" She blinked at him as if he were speaking a different language. Finally she snapped out of it after a sharp jab from Kim's elbow to her side. "Um, sure, I mean, if you want to party with me. You know I should probably stop talking. I just can't believe that Kim knows you and I mean because well you're you and well you're just...um yeah." He laughed as the other three guys snickered. She could see Kim shaking her head. Well, she could tell now that her pep talk was for nothing, she was obviously making herself look like a lovestruck fool with a problem of rambling. She could hear the owner announce that Tempt the Night was getting ready to play and she was starting to fidget as she stood in front of the man she's had a crush on for the last two and a half years. She tuned out the conversation that Kim was having with the guys as she heard the song that she had just being singing over the speakers. She hummed along with the song before her humming became mumbles of the words. " Twilight is here again, and we meet under the starry sky. You are just as beautiful as you were last night. That same ol' shy smile as I hold you close-" "You really do love that song, don't you?" She bit her lip as she looked up into his dark eyes. "Yes, I suppose I do. This was the song Edward dedicated to his girlfriend Bella. It's beautiful," she whispered the last two words. He moved a little closer to her as she tugged at the bottom of her dress, trying her hardest to cover her knees. "I take it this is not something you usually wear?" He gestured with a hand toward her dress and stilettos. She shook her head. "Not at all. This," she gestured down her body. "Was all Kim's idea. I told you, she's evil." He smiled as he picked up one of her hands from her knees. "I don't know, she can't be so bad, after all, she is your best friend." She gave him a wicked little grin as he entwined their fingers together and squeezing before letting go. "That is true, Mr. Bruno, but who said I wasn't a bit wicked myself." "True, but then I figured there must be something more behind that innocent smile. So Michelle, tell me something about yourself that I don't know already." She let out a small laugh as she relaxed a bit. "And how do I know what you don't know already?" He shrugged as he leaned closer and whispered in her ear. "You don't." She shivered and pulled away slightly, heart racing as she licked her lips nervously. "Alright, lets see; I have a terrible sweet tooth, I can drink thirteen shots of tequila and not get a hangover the next day, I'm a klutz, and my right foot is proof of that: fractured it in three different places, I have three tattoos, I love to write poetry and short little songs, but refuse to read any of them out loud. Oh, and I have a cat named, Ichabod. See, I'm not a very exciting person, the most excitement I get is when I get a new order for an graphic design." "That's where you're wrong Michelle, I don't see a boring person. I see someone that is very exciting once you get past the shy exterior. Plus, you seem like you love the job that you have, if you could see the way your eyes light up when you mention graphic designing. It's a beautiful sight to see." Just as Michelle was going to ask more about him, there was a knock at the door. Chris called out for the person to enter. Bella peeked around the door, shock slid on her face as she saw Kim and Michelle sitting with Bruno and his band. Shaking her head she smiled. "Two minutes till showtime, guys. Hey Michelle, did you hear Edward's Christmas song? Kim heard it already, but I wasn't sure if you had heard it." She shook her head. "Sorry, I didn't hear it." "That's