Dearest Readers: WELL, I have finally relented and decided now was the time to upload a story. This one isn't what I set out to write in the fall--that story is about 10 chapters long now & needs lots of work--but this idea came to me & I couldn't help but write it out. Right now, I'm not sure how far I'll take this (it may depend on the response I get), but it probably will be a rather short flick. If you are coming to this after reading my Witches of Twilight, I hate to tell you that this isn't the sequel. The sequel is in the works... but because of the changes I made to Twilight, it is nearly impossible to follow the storyline of New Moon or Eclipse or Breaking Dawn. That said--I'm not done with my witches yet, bear with me and I shall give you another story that is NB/Eclipse/BD and something completely new. SO, let me know what you think of the little situation that I have placed Edward in... poor Edward, I really do enjoying toying with him & making him squirm. Child Services will be a story only told from Edward's point of view--I am not a writer to jump or change POV. I hope I have captured his mind well enough. Remember, I don't own Twilight & no infringement is meant. Enjoy, -Raca ***Italic words are thoughts Edward is thinking. Bold Italics are thoughts he is 'hearing'.*** Child Services EPOV: Chapter 1: Foster Family "This really isn't happening…" I spoke my disbelief aloud as Carlisle paced the room. Yes son, I'm afraid it is. Carlisle's thoughts were laced with anger and sadness. He appeared at my side and rested his palm on my shoulder. "I wish there was something we could do to fix this… but I'm afraid, my hands are tied." My anger flared again. "Jasper's broken into harder places. Why doesn't he just log into the Child Service agency and fix this?" "Edward," Carlisle sighed, "He would, but—what with all the attention the Federal Government is giving me right now—we can not risk something like that." I should have stuck to Hospitals—the private practice only created problems. Carlisle's mind wander off to the audit that the IRS had began. He had started his own business three years ago and now, after some remarkably profitable years (thanks in most part to Alice's stock market foresight), the government was investigating him. The family was clean on paper; we were always so careful to cross every 't' and dot every 'i'. Not even Alice had predicted what they would dig up so quickly. My adoption papers, or more accurately the fact that my adoption papers didn't exist. At one point, Carlisle had filled out the appropriate information for the current family, but it seems that the state misplaced it. The state had all the paperwork to 'prove' that Emmett and Alice were 'younger siblings' of Esme and that Jasper and Rosalie were 'adopted twins', but there was no paperwork regarding Carlisle's adoption of me. My information had fallen through the cracks and now with the Federal investigation, the State was suddenly concerned with my 'well being'. "The Child Services representative will be here in three minutes." Alice called from down stairs. I'm sorry Edward. I promise, as soon as this is cleared up, we'll have you home. Carlisle apologized for the hundredth time. I shook my head. "I know it isn't your fault—I just don't understand why they are sending me so far away." Carlisle picked up one of my suitcases as I took the other. We walked down the hall and stairs at a slow human pace. Neither of us wanted to rush this. We were walking on uncharted ground and I was going to have to do most of the traveling on my own. I had spent nearly a decade away from my vampiric father, but we had never been forced apart before. His thoughts mirrored my own—it felt as if we were being punished. The state was consciously breaking apart our family—removing me from them and sending me hundreds of miles away. And for what reason? The answer left a sick feeling in the pit of my being. I was being punished and sent away because it was the only thing the state could do. Carlisle's past was perfectly clean and my missing adoption papers was the only flaw they had found in Carlisle's façade. We were halfway down the stairs when there was a knock at the door. Esme appeared at the bottom of the steps followed by a short, middle-aged man. His thoughts were nervous and scattered. He was equally confused on the why the IRS had notified him. "Um, Edward Cullen?" He asked while he took in my assembled family. "Yes." I responded coldly. I still was in disbelief that this was actually happening. The man met my eyes briefly and perhaps he could sense my hesitance. "I'll give a moment to say good bye. I'll be out in the car." He let himself out and Esme arrived at my side and took me in a hard hug. Her mind was a mess of sadness and disbelief. I dropped my suitcase to wrap my arms around her now shaking body. Silent, tearless sobs shuddered through my sweet mother's body. "I'm not saying good bye Edward." She told me with a strong voice. I am just saying that I'm going to miss you so while you are gone. She tightened her grip on me before pulling back and fussing with my messy hair. Now try and behave yourself—please don't scare your foster family too much. I chuckled softly and kissed her forehead. "I promise to be on my best behavior." "He's poor foster family." Emmett said, shaking his head, but with a playful gleam in his eyes. "Depressed, brooding Edward—they are going to be begging Carlisle to take you back." Rosalie quickly smacked his head and then turned to me. You know I won't say it, but we'll all miss you—in a way. I smiled at Rosalie's semi-affectionate thoughts. Just don't do anything stupid that will keep you away longer. I nodded a response and Alice pounced on me. Her grip around my neck was stronger than Esme's and much more forceful. I still can't see the end. But I'll keep looking. I'm so sorry Edward, I'm so sorry. "Alice…" I started, but she interrupted me with her thoughts. I've found a way to get around their 'no contact' rule. They might be sending you away, but I'm not going to let them disconnect you from us. I promise, as soon as I know how, we'll have you home again. I knew, next to Carlisle, Alice felt the guiltiest for my current situation. She believed that if she had seen this coming, Jasper would have been able to replace the paperwork before they ever new it was missing. "Have you seen anything new about who they are sending me to?" I asked. "No." Alice huffed in frustration, "The Child Services people are so disorganized—they haven't even figured it out yet. They found a 'temporary' home, but even that vision changes—I'm not very confident of any future right now." I gave Alice a firm hug and the set her on her feet. "I look forward to hearing from you—soon." Jasper and Emmett gave me quick, 'manly' half-hugs before the Child Service's man came back inside to see what was taking so long. My family followed me out the door to the porch and watched in silence as I climbed into the car. "Okay kid." The man addressed me, "Let's go." Sergeant Dan Gibbs struggled with one of my suitcases as we walked the steps of the Fork's Police Station. The ride from Seattle to Forks was uncomfortable and gave me little insight as to who I was actually going to live with. Gibbs was too nervous around me to think clearly and so I was surprised to pull up in front of the Police Station rather than my foster family's home. We walked into the stuffy entryway and Gibbs placed my bags next to some chairs. I glanced around the room to see if anyone was thinking about a teenager coming over, yet found no thoughts along that line. "Wait here and I'll get the Chief." Gibbs said to me with a shaky voice. He wound his way around the desks to the only office in the back. The man behind the desk was on the phone, but waved Gibbs inside and then mouthed 'bring the boy in'. Gibbs reluctantly returned to me, "This way." The plate on the door read 'Chief of Police Charles Swan'. Chief Swan finished his call and stood. "Gibbs thanks for picking him up. Go ahead and transfer his bags to my car." Gibbs nodded and gladly took his leave. The Chief remained still for a moment and watched me with discerning eyes. I grew uneasy as I tried to capture the Chief's thoughts, all I was getting was a garbled mess of words and static—like an old radio that couldn't tune in on a frequency clearly. "Are you taking me to my Foster family?" I asked in attempts to make his thoughts focus and become clearer to me. "Yep." The Chief's one word response did nothing to answer my many questions or clear his mind to me. We stood for a moment more analyzing each other before the phone rang again. "Swan." He answered, settling back into his seat. I focused to hear the other side of the conversation. "So, do we have a guest?" The person on the other end was a woman. Her words confused me slightly— Did she mean that I would be staying with Him, with Chief Swan? "Yep." Chief Swan was a master of words. I rolled my eyes at my sarcasm. "Well, I hope he isn't a vegetarian, would you ask for me?" I couldn't help but smirk at the choice of wording of the woman on the other end of the line. Chief cleared his throat and acknowledged me, "Bella wants to know if you're a vegetarian." I smiled a little more and shook my head. Trust me, nothing your wife could fix would be even somewhat appetizing. "Nope Bells, you're in the clear." "Good, cause I already put Italian sausage in the lasagna." Chief Swan hummed in appreciation as the girl continued, "Dinner will be ready in twenty." "Alright, we'll head right out." The Chief hung up and stood. "Let's go Edward." "So, I'm staying with you?" I asked, trying to get some kind of information out of him. "Yep." He said, eyeing me closely. Better be for a damn short time. I swear if he so much as looks at Bella funny I'll ship him off. I'm doing the state a favor here, but it won't take much for me to send him on his way. Chief's thoughts faded back into an indecipherable hum. Once we were in his cruiser I pressed for more information and tried to start with something rather innocent. "So what is Mrs. Swan cooking for dinner?" The Chief looked at me in confusion. "Mrs. Swan?" He laughed shortly, "There isn't a Mrs. Swan… hasn't been for more than fifteen years." "Oh, I apologize, I didn't mean to bring up… I'm sorry, sir." I mentally slapped myself— First conversation and I bring up his dead wife! The Chief chuckled again, "Renee is now Mrs… actually, I don't recall Phil's last name at the moment. Anyway, Isabella is my daughter." "Oh." You better keep up that innocence. Chief's mind fussed over his daughter for a moment before his thoughts cleared again. If he thinks of touching her, so help me, they'll be sending him home in pieces. I had heard over-protective thoughts before, but I still found myself curious as to what Isabella was like. I reviewed the clearer thoughts