Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings. Anything you recognise belongs to JRR Tolkien. Many Meetings A fair haired young girl was standing in a brilliantly beautiful field of flowers, her face tilted toward the sun's rays. Her name was Caladwen and she was the youngest daughter of Elrond, Lord of Imladris. Currently the little elleth was visiting her grandparents in the Golden Wood. However, as she stood on that field, her elder brothers, Elladan and Elrohir were on their way to escort her back to the Valley. Miles away, in Mordor by the shadow of Mount Doom the Eye awakens. The creature Gollum has spoken and the Dark Lord summons his servants. The nine are dispatched to the Shire and in the Orthanc friendship turns to betrayal. Saruman the Wise has become Sauron's puppet and Gandalf the Grey is imprisoned, his staff broken. In the wilderness a Ranger makes his way to Imladris with four halflings, the bane of Middle Earth around the neck of one of them. In Weathertop they are attacked and a Morgul blade tastes flesh. Elrond's twins arrive in Imladris with their youngest sister only to leave immediately in search of their adopted brother. They rode the fields in search of the Dúnadan and the halflings but spot nothing. In light of such news, Arwen and Glorfindel are also sent out. Meanwhile the youngest daughter of Elrond keeps to the Valley aiding her father in healing Mithrandir. The old wizard had escaped Isengard thanks to the eagles but his injuries were considerable and had been left untreated for long. As Gandalf the Grey recuperated in Rivendell, a contingent of Mirkwood elves rode toward the elven heaven and on the way ran into a group of dwarves. They however we're not the only ones making their way to the Last Homely House as during the coming days many others would also journey there to seek council with Lord Elrond. It was early on a cool morning when Arwen and Asfaloth brought through the borders of the valley a gravely injured hobbit. The she-elf had managed to keep him from the shadows long enough to get him to her father. Many long hours did the elven lord and his youngest daughter fight for Frodo's life until at last he was out of danger. It was then that the little blonde elleth finally left the halfling's room. She wondered aimlessly through the halls of her father's house until she came out into a garden. The moon was high in the sky casting its silver rays over everything. She breathed in the calming scent of the night air before sitting down amongst the flowers and loosing herself in thoughts of the future. It was in that position that her elder sister found her in much later. The dark haired elleth looked at her younger sister and sighed. Caladwen had never known their mother; Celebrían had departed for the Undying Lands a mere month after her youngest daughter had been born, the emotional wounds her kidnapping had produced had proven too deep for even her husband's skills in healing. While Arwen had been young at that time, she at least had some memories of her, but Caladwen did not and now that darkness was creeping once more over the lands, the Evenstar knew that her sister felt that loss keenly. "Caladwen," she called softly making the blonde turn her way and noticing the worry that was deep in her sister's beautiful green eyes. "Arwen, I thought you would still be with Aragorn," the younger elleth replied in a soft whisper. Arwen smiled and moved further into the garden, "Ada and Mithrandir needed to speak with him and I wanted to see you." The little blonde gave her elder sister a questioning glance at this but said nothing no doubt waiting for the Evenstar to explain the need to see her. The dark haired elleth moved close to play with her sister's long blonde tresses, "I've been worried about you. Caladwen this is the first time I've seen you out of Frodo's room in a week." Caladwen sighed as she listened to her sister, she knew they would worry, "Muinthel," she interrupted, "ever since Frodo and Sauron's ring passed through the borders of the Valley, I haven't been able to rest." Arwen's hand continued to run through her sister's hair, "Have you mentioned this to ada?" "No, I do not want him to worry about me, Arwen and I have not Seen anything since that vision of Estel and the hobbits at Amon Sûl," Caladwen whispered. Not many in the valley (or outside of it) knew that like her father and maternal grandmother, Caladwen had the gift of foresight. The morning star, as most in the valley called her because of the way her golden tresses shone in the early hours of the day, did not like her powers as she often saw things she would rather forget. Arwen watched as her younger sister's hands started to play with the chain of her own star pendant, the necklace she wore gave off a soft gold glow while it's twin, which now hung around Aragorn's neck, glowed a soft silver. They were a symbol of the royal blood that ran through the veins of both sisters and they were meant to be given to the one they deemed worthy of their heart. The Evenstar had long before given hers to the Ranger, in contrast her sister, whom was oh so young, hadn't yet met her other half. The pendants were also symbols of the choice available to the sisters. Since some mortal blood ran through their veins, they could choose to which race they would belong. The two could decide if they wanted to be counted among the Eldar or if they wanted to accept the Gift of Men. Arwen knew what she would choose, mortality, for that would be the only way to be with the one she loved but she knew not what her sister's choice would be. "Caladwen," Arwen began only to be interrupted by the fair haired girl. "No, Arwen, I know what you're going to say but I won't tell ada." Before Arwen could protest any further some noise alerted them to the presence of another. A maid stood by the entrance to the gardens looking apologetic for the interruption, "Forgive me, my ladies, but your father requests your presence." Arwen nodded and the maid curtsied before leaving the sisters alone once more. "I'll do as you ask and won't mention your trouble sleeping to him, however I'm pretty certain ada will notice," the older elleth told her younger sister. Her sister said nothing as she rose from the ground and started walking toward their father's study without a comment. Arwen sighed before following after the retreating figure of her blonde sister all the while wishing the little blonde wouldn't be quite so stubborn. The Mirkwood elves and the dwarves continued making their way to the valley after having called a reluctant truce. The leader of the elven contingent was Legolas son of Thranduil King. The young (for his people) ellon was as fair haired as his father with deep blue eyes that revealed his longing for adventure. He had long been a friend of the ranger Strider, known to the elves as Estel but he hadn't seen Aragorn in some time. The two hadn't actually spoken since Estel and Mithrandir had brought the creature Gollum to Mirkwood. Legolas sighed as he thought about Gollum, he still felt responsible for the creature's escape. He and the other elves had been too lenient with Gollum and he had used that to escape. Locking that thought away, he looked at the dwarves that were traveling along with them and recognised one of them as Glóin. He had been a member of the company of Thorin Oakenshield and he made Legolas think on Tauriel. They had been friends (still were) and nothing else even if at one time he had thought they could be more. She had been hurt greatly by the death of the dwarf and she was still hurting from it. The loud chattering of the dwarves shook the prince from his thoughts and as he looked up, he saw the magnificent waterfalls that made up the backdrop of Imladris. This was not the first time Legolas had visited the Last Homely House but the beauty of the place always managed to take his breath away. He saw Lord Elrond and his twin sons in front of the steps as he, and those that traveled with him, approached the gates. To the side stood Arwen and Aragorn and with them Mithrandir. He dismounted his horse and immediately exchanged greetings with his host. Then moved over so that Glóin and his friends could do the same. "Mae govannen, Thranduilion," Elrohir greeted him. He smiled and returned the greeting; the twins being good friends of his even if the two could be very annoying when they wanted to be so. The three of them moved over to where Gandalf, Arwen and Aragorn stood, "Mithrandir, it is very good to see you." The blond said as he gave a slight bow to the old istari. Gandalf smiled widely making his eyes sparkle, "It is always good to see old friends, Legolas," he said simply. Then Arwen and Aragorn captured the attention of the Mirkwood prince and the old wise man chuckled as friends were reunited. A glint of gold not far off caught the wizard's eye and he saw a little blonde elleth start making her way toward them. Mithrandir moved to Elrond's side wondering if the elven lord had seen what he had and one glance at his face confirmed that he indeed had. Elrond's face was contorted into that of a father's who knew he would soon stop being the most important male in his daughter's life. Gandalf could understand; long ago had he, Elrond and the lady Galadriel foreseen a union between the two youngsters. The vision had not yet come to pass because Legolas and Caladwen had never met. By some twist of fate whenever the Mirkwood royal family came to visit the hidden valley, Caladwen had been in Lothlórien. Elrond had of course not minded as he didn't wish to part with his youngest daughter. The two older males whom were joined by Glorfindel couldn't keep from smiling at the beautiful young elleth as her distraction was obvious. Caladwen was walking along with one of the few elflings that had been born in Imladris in the last 3 centuries. The little boy was no more than a human toddler although he was close to 300 years of age. Despite the age gap, the youngest lady of Rivendell did not mind spending time with him or with the other two children currently residing in the valley. For Elrond the sight of his youngest daughter with such a small person made him think of when she would have little ones of her own and his heart gave a painful lurch. "Legolas, my friend, you have been greatly missed," Aragorn said before giving his friend a warrior's greeting. "You have been missed as well, Estel. I am glad to see you and Arwen together and happy once more," the blond prince replied. "I am always happy when I am with Aragorn," Arwen said softly before embracing Legolas softly. Just then she heard the unmistakable sound of her younger sister's laughter and turned toward the sound. The dark haired she-elf knew that her sister's laugh was one of the most loved sounds in Imladris for the trees themselves seemed to dance in response to it. Arwen knew her friend and her sister would get along well and she was looking forward to the two blonds meeting. Aragorn and Legolas started a conversation with the twins to her right, but she herself was barely paying them any heed, her