This is an au where Tom and Harry are in the same year at Hogwarts. Their backstories are basically the same, except it was Grindelwald that killed Harrys parents, and he never comes back after that. ... Harry listened to another one of Tom's long spiels as they sat together in an abandoned classroom. It was less dusty than the other abandoned classrooms in the castle, mostly because Harry and Tom had been using it as their meeting place for almost two years. Tom was talking animatedly, waving his hands and speaking loudly, trying to get his point across to Harry. Harry, on the other hand, had heard this speech before, and already had his reasons for his disagreement with it. He let Tom go on for a while, but eventually cut him off, "No, Tom, we can't." He felt like they were having the same argument over and over, as he shot down Tom's suggestion once again. Tom just scowled and continued on. "I really think we should-" Harry sighed rather loudly, cutting him off and repeated once more, "No, we can't. You know why." Harry turned away, back to his essay trying to signify the end of their conversation so they could put the touchy subject behind them, but Tom ignored that and scooted closer, "Harry, come on, you know that's a stupid excuse. They're your friends. They won't care. Or, well, if they're your friends they shouldn't care." Harry frowned, looking back at Tom. They'd had this conversation too many times before, but Tom never seemed to understand. "You don't know what they're like, they really do hate you." Tom scoffed, "Hate me? Why would they hate me?" Harry rolled his eyes and then looked pointedly at Tom's Slytherin tie. "Oh, I don't know... according to Ron, you're 'a stupid, pompous little git' and that's just Ron's opinion... Hermione isn't very impressed by you either." The Slytherin just waved a hand dismissively, "Oh, you know Granger only dislikes me because I'm above her in all our classes. And Weasley is just an idiot, why are you even friends with him?" Harry rolled his eyes at that comment. "Ron is not-" he was cut off when Tom put a hand over his mouth and used his other hand to pull Harry closer to him in the small bench they were seated on. "Ah, don't, I know what you're going to say…" Tom's hand slid off his mouth, as the Slytherin scrunched up his face in an unflattering manner and attempted to imitate Harry. "Ron is not an idiot! He's wonderful and he is my best friend!" Harry gaped at Tom's playful and mocking demeanor, "You got it all right, but, I do not sound like that!" He said, pretending to be offended even as he laughed. Tom smiled at his reaction and then gasped, "Wait a second, somethings not right here…" Tom narrowed his eyes at him suspiciously and Harry did his best to look innocent. "I call Weasley an idiot and you immediately defend him? What did you do when he called me a pompous git?" Harry grinned at this, moving slightly farther away as he responded, "Oh, I agreed with him. You definitely are a pompous git." Tom let out an exaggerated gasp and grasped his chest, "Choosing your friends over your lover! You wound me Harry!" Harry laughed as Tom pretended to look devastated at his 'betrayal'. "Shut up, you know you're a pompous git, and you're proud of it, stop pretending." Even as he said it he couldn't stop the small laughs from coming out as Tom gave him a wide smile. He always loved seeing Tom so carefree and happy, and he liked to think he was more of those moments since they had gotten together. "Hmm, yes, I am rather…egotistical, but I'm also Head Boy, and I'm at the top of all my classes, and I've been told that I'm very good looking...so I think I'm entitled…You know what? You're lucky to have me, Harry Potter." Tom paused in his shameless gloating and reached his arms out to drag Harry closer again. This time, Harry was pulled straight into Tom's lap with a small squawk of protest, and Tom turned them around so he could lean against the table they had been working at and Harry could lean against him. Harry settled down into his lap comfortably and Tom gave him a kiss on the head before trailing his lips down the side of his neck and resting them at the small dip in his neck. "And I'm lucky to have you..." he said lowly, his mouth pressed softly against Harry's slightly tanned skin. The green eyed boy hummed in contentment and Tom tilted his head back up slightly, before letting out a small dramatic sigh. "Unfortunately, nobody knows you're mine because we have been sneaking around the past two years." He said the last part loudly, as if he was trying to announce it to the whole school, even if they couldn't hear him. Harry groaned at this comment and tried to stop this whole conversation from happening again. "Tom-" he was interrupted by Tom's rather loud and questioning response, "No, Harry, I don't understand! Why are you so against this? Why don't you want to everyone to know we're together?" Harry went to answer him, but apparently they were rhetorical questions because Tom just continued on. "I mean, just imagine, Harry. Having everyone know of our relationship... we could eat in the great hall together, walk to class together, I could kiss you in front of everyone, show them you're mine..." He trailed off and leaned back seemingly lost in thought. Harry sighed and leaned back onto Tom. It did sound very appealing, even if half the reason Tom wanted to come out was because he wanted to be able to keep people from continually pursuing Harry. He knew that many people would love to be with him, mostly because he was the 'Boy-Who-Lived' and had apparently survived a killing curse as a baby and destroyed the dark lord Grindelwald. That alone made him fairly famous. Never mind the fact that he managed to be the youngest seeker in over century, having gotten the position when he was just a first year. Tom also complained frequently that people other than him were starting to notice the fact that Harry was growing out of the scrawny boy he used to be. He was still short and almost everyone in their year towered above him, but Tom said he was small in the most adorable way, and other people were starting to notice that too. Of course, he later denied ever saying the word adorable, which was fine by Harry because then he could deny ever being called adorable. Tom's possessive and jealous nature was sometimes annoying, but mostly it endeared Harry how worked up Tom could get over a small, even slightly suggestive glance his way. Of course, no matter how worked up Tom got about any leering passerby's, Harry never him do anything about it, which he was sure was a main part in his frustration over keeping their relationship a secret. There was silence in the room for a while as Harry leaned his head back on Tom's shoulder, contemplating all of this, and Tom absently ran a hand through his messy black hair. Eventually, Harry decided to speak up. "I know," he paused for a second, trying to find the right words to say this, and have Tom understand, without being an asshole about it. "I know you want to come out. And I do too, I just... I need more time... Ron and Hermione don't even know I'm gay, so how am I supposed to tell them I'm dating their least favorite Slytherin who just so happens to be a man named Tom Riddle?" There was more silence as they both seemed to think through this, and then Harry started up again, "And, I'm supposed to be the 'Boy-Who-Lived' and all that crap. What are people going to do when they find out I'm dating a Slytherin? I get stared at and bothered by people enough as it is. We've made it almost two years like this, and we are going to graduate soon anyways. Why not a little longer?" Tom, who had had his arms draped loosely around Harry's waist, tightened his grip and kept his mouth near Harry's ear as he said quietly, "We both know that's not the whole truth about why you don't want to go through with this. You're scared. Come on love where is that Gryffindor courage of yours?" Harry stiffened slightly at Tom's words knowing he was just trying to bait him into another one of his impulsive decisions, and hastily made to get up. He shook himself off of Tom's tight embrace, ignoring Tom's small noise of protest. He started to gather up his things and pack them into his bag muttering about it being dinner soon. Tom sighed at his lover's stubbornness. "Harry-" "No, Tom, You don't know what it's like... you don't understand...I don't want... never mind. Let's just go. We're going to have to be a dinner soon, and I'm sure Ron and Hermione are starting to wonder where I am." Tom huffed at being dismissed so rudely and watched as Harry snatched up his bag and darted out of the room. Tom was left sitting there wondering what he would have to do to get Harry to agree to this. Harry repeatedly complained that Tom didn't understand that being the famed 'Boy-Who-Lived' was a chore that would only be made more difficult if he revealed he was gay and dating Slytherin's heir. Tom sat there all through dinner, knowing he could just go to the kitchens for something to eat later. He stared at the wall intently, trying to conjure up a foolproof plan to get Harry to agree with him. When it was time for him to get back to the Slytherin common room a couple hours later and he finally gathered up his work and grabbed his bag to leave, he was walking out with a small satisfied smile and a brilliant plan. ... The next day, Tom was studying quietly in the library at his usual corner in the back when Harry hesitantly approached him and plopped down in a nearby seat. Tom had a brief moment where he wondered how managed to fall in love with such an unrefined Gryffindor, but he brushed that thought aside as Harry proceeded to take out his wand. Harry smiled shyly at him and cast a silencing charm around them before tucking his wand back into his back pocket. Tom's eye twitched slightly in annoyance at seeing that. He had repeatedly told Harry not to stuff his wand in his jeans pocket, and Harry had repeatedly ignored him. Harry was such an infuriating and stubborn person, it was a wonder that Tom put up with him at all. He watched as Harry got increasingly more nervous as time went by and Tom had yet to greet him. He was biting his bottom lip unsurely and bouncing his knee slightly in his unrest, and Tom allowed a small smile to creep into his face as he observed his lovers endearing habits. The smile didn't fade, even as he told himself that he was supposed to be angry- or at least pretending to be angry- so that he could unnerve his dear Harry before coercing him into going along with his scheme. Harry glanced up briefly, and brightened at seeing slight upturn of Tom's lips and his amused and somewhat fond expression. Harry straightened up a little more at sighed softly before finally speaking up. "Tom, I'm sorry for yesterday... I didn't mean to be so rude... Why weren't you at dinner?" Tom let his smile grow wider at the apology. His little lover was so predictable.