If We Could Change the World (Would You Try?) Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games, Catching Fire, or Mockingjay, Suzanne Collins does. There are a couple of line directly from the books, scattered here and there, and I don't own them either. Summary: One moment Katniss is barely hanging on, relearning how to live and the next she's surrounded by her Prep Team, trying on dresses, just before the Quarter Quell. With the memory of all she's loved burning around her, Katniss is determined to change everything. UA. Author's Note: So I just finished the Hunger Games trilogy again, and it kind of sparked my desire to write fanfiction again. And what kind of fan fiction do I love the most? Time Travel, re dos, fix it, whatever you like to call it. So I decided to try my hand at one. Trigger Warnings: cannon violence, cannon mentioned forced prostitution, some cannon character death Pairings: mostly cannon, will probably be Gale/Katniss/Peeta though. OT3 Chapter 1 I wake up choking, too many names to call out, too many faces flashing across the back of my eyelids. I don't even know who I was dreaming about anymore: Boggs, Prim, Finnick, Jackson, Leeg 1 and 2, the little girl in the yellow dress….they all merge and swim across my mind, mucking up my thoughts. I swallow gulps of her, block out the bright light from the window and try to reorient myself, try to place where and who I am. I'm Katniss Everdeen. I am seventeen years old. My home is District 12. There is no district 12. We are rebuilding district twelve. I was the Mockingjay. We brought down the Capital. Snow is dead. Coin is dead. Prim is- The door cracks open, loudly, and I immediately shoot out of bed, blood pumping through my veins, looking for something to hold, to use— "Surprise! Oh, you're awake!" And then Venia, Octavia, and Flavius are excitedly squeezing into my room, looking me up and down. They almost immediately delve into complaints: my nails, my hair, my skin, the whip mark on my face-my hand shoot up to touch it, and I must look devastated because they stop their usual histrionics about me the deteriorated state of my beauty to rush to reassure me it's not too bad, it can be fixed, you'll still be a beautiful bride. I walk in a daze. They break me down to Beauty Base Zero in an excited chatter and all I can see is— - Venia telling Octavia I won't hurt her, Octavia and Flavius, so flat and despondent, not looking me in the eye. The three of them huddled together. The drain pipe in the middle of the room- I feel sick, can feel a scream bubble in my throat, want to take someone by the shoulders and demand answers, strangle them out if I have to- "Oh, I know it's quite exciting!" Octavia gushes to me, taking one of my shaking hands. "But remember to breathe, dear!" Venia gently rubs my shoulders and adds: "It's alright to be nervous." I smile haltingly and let them blabber on, let them push me to the living room where my mother and Effie are. I dig my fingers into my palms until I can feel the fake nails digging half-moons into my skin, try to quell the rising panic. Where am I? What's happening? How is this happening? Where's- "Where's Peeta?" I manage to gasp out in between the bites my other feds me. Just like last time , I think, and then what's going on! "He's getting fitted himself, dear," Octavia squeals. "He's looking dashing!" Flavius says, adding just a touch of his trademark purple lipstick – he's somehow managed to keep his orange corkscrew curls intact, but he's missing his usual vibrancy, his trademark purple lipstick- It's just at this moment that Prim walks into the door, and all I can see is her burning to death surrounded by screaming children, the scent of fire and burning, bubbling flesh, the feeling my own skin bursting open in a sea of red-hot pain— And I'm vomiting on the floor, my stylists squealing and jumping back, Effie frantically calling out orders to save the dresses, Prim worriedly checking my temperature my pressing the back of her hand to my forehead, and then blackness. ~.~.~. I wake to Prim and my mother huddled over my bed, trying to wake me from my thrashing and screaming. When I stop thrashing around Prim holds one of my hands, telling me: "I'm here, I'm here, I'm OK." I must have been screaming her name , I think, gulping down air and then slowly sipping the water my mother passes me. "Katniss, are you alright?" Prim asks me, and I don't know if I want to stare at her, to memorize the features of her face or to back away and run, run, run until I can't move. How is Prim alive? How am I back here? Twelve burned to the ground, Prim burned. The last thing I remember was tentatively walking down to the lake with Peeta to teach him to swim after a talk with Dr Aurelius— "I don't know," I manage to choke out. My mind is swirling, throbbing just as much as my ankle is— -From when I dropped out of the tree to get back home, because Head Peacekeeper Thread had turned on the electricity— I run a shaking hand through my air, clench my fists in my lap and close my eyes. Dr Aurelius talked to me about breathing exercises just last week, just last— I break this thought off and just try to work on my breathing. In and out. In and out. In and out. Until my head clears a little and I can think a little better. I don't know if this is a dream, if this is Tracker Jacker venom, it can't be, it can't be, it's too real, to calm and quiet. There is no shiny, tipsy quality that accompanies Tracker Jacker venom, none of the otherworldly quality. Just us three, the faint moonlight through my window, and the rushing of my blood clogging my ears. I don't know what this is, but Prim is here, she's alive, and so I take her hand and press it to my check. "It's just nightmares," I say, looking at her, studying her face. She's the same as I recall, the soft blue eyes, the light hair, the little freckles at the corner of her eyes and forehead. Prim hums, pressing her other hand to my check and I sigh at the coolness of her hands. "Her fever is a little better," She tells mom, who swoops down to check my temperature herself with shaky hands. "You had a high fever this morning, sweetie," mom says. "It's probably not making your nightmares any better." I nod, my throat closing in on itself. The water, the breathing exercises have made things a little easier but I can't wrap my head around where, when, I am. Prim and mom excuse themselves, tell me that I know where they are if I need help, but not before mom makes me eat a roll and gives me a dose of a foul tasting medicine that's supposed to help with my fever. The second they close the door is the second I'm out of bed, pacing, trying to ignore the throbbing in my foot. Octavia, Venia, and Flavius were just here, this was when I was trying on my wedding dresses, just like before, which means that next…that next the Quarter Quell is going to be announced, that I'm going back in the arena for a second, no a third time. The panic rises in my throat again, and I have to sit down on the floor and physically restrain myself from running at the thought of being trapped in there. Again. Like a bug under a microscope, fighting to live, the Capital sitting around and watch for entertainment while I bleed, cry, and everyone dies. I don't know how long it takes me to calm my breathing, to clear my mind like I've been practicing for a week now. In and out. In and out. Repeat my mantra, remind myself who I am, ground myself. It works considerably less because I don't know who I am now, don't know where I am, but I try because if this isn't a cruel dream then it means I can fix things. I can change things. The sun is barely rising when I get dressed and quietly leave the house. There are hints of spring in the air, and I'm not surprised to see Haymitch, tipsy, moving around his kitchen. Hazelle hasn't shown up yet, though, because I don't hear her sweeping, don't hear her footsteps. I look him straight in the eye, know that he'll understand me when I say: "It looks nice out, doesn't it? Too nice not to take a walk." Haymitch looks like he's about to say something contrary, but stops when he looks at me. He swirls the contents of his bottle almost regretfully, then stands up and follows me. We make small talk until we get far enough away from the others. When we get far enough away, we stand shoulder to shoulder and I rub at my chin thoughtfully to hide my mouth as I rush out what I know he'll think is crazy. Normally I would speak in our shorthand, but I really don't know how to say this in a non-straight forward manner and get him to understand, not when I barely understand myself. "The Quarter Quell is a re-reaping. It's all victors," I say, lowering my hand and adding. "Crazy, right?" I can feel Haymitch tense beside me, can practically feel his confusion. I don't care if he believes me now. He doesn't need to. If I can build up a rapport for being right, maybe I can get someone to believe my crazy story, maybe I can get myself to believe it while I'm at it. What, that I'm from the future? I almost don't believe it myself. But every second I'm here, every second I see people in the street, the intact houses, Prim, is a second I can feel my panic quell and my anger ignite. I can change this. I can save these people, my people I can save Prim, can make sure Peeta's never captured— Never Highjacked. I continue talking before Haymitch can interject, can scornfully throw away what I said or turn and walk away. "I've been thinking about being a mentor, you know, I'm so excited to meet Johanna and Blight, Finnick and Mags, Chaff and Seeder, Woof and Cecelia," I say casually. "Do you think the Morphilings will be the mentors? Of course Enobaria and Brutus will be. I'm a little embarrassed to say I don't really recall the names of the others, but I'm sure I'd know them if I saw them". "Sounds like a real party, sweetheart." Haymitch is looking at me, strangely, and I can feel he thinks I'm crazy. So I smile, pat him on the shoulder, and tell him to wait for tonight after they air my wedding dresses. My mother scolds me when I get back for leaving the house sick, makes me take some more medicine and stay in bed until Prim comes home after school, bubbling over about the mandatory announcement and when she says it's probably my wedding shoot I smile and agree. She's too happy about the possibility of seeing the wedding shoot that she only gives me a halfhearted scolding and tells me to try not to move around too much until I feel better. I smile and agree again. Silently, I tell Effie: See, I have this smiling thing down. For a second I wonder how they'll get the last two dresses I missed when I vomited. Probably shop me into