Chapter 1 Harry woke up to kisses being pressed along his neck and a hand caressing his chest, it was a very nice feeling. But what happened last night, he did not remember or atleast it was fuzzy. He whimpered and burried his face further into the soft pillow. "Good morning." A french voice purred into his ear. Ah now he remembered. It was Fluer and Bill's pre wedding party and he had gotten completaly wasted. He had gotten chummy with Fluer's friend and had eneded up telling him his life story. Needless to say he had gotten laid after that one. The kisses had now travelled to his shouder and one finger was circling his nipple. It felt so good. He let out a small breathy moan. He blushed when the rest of his memories came flooding back, last night was.. something else. "Aah so you are awake, good morning beautiful." Harry gave a pleased hum and turned around in the arms that were holding him. He smiled. "Good morning." Grinning a little now, he accepted the little peck that he was given. "What is the time?" he had to ask. He had to be back before a search party was sent out for him. He wriggled out of the bed much to the disgust of his lover who just began stroking up and down his spine. "Dont ask that question beautiful, I dont want you to leave." All the while, Harry had been stretching and was now in the process of getting up. "You know I have to go back, I would rather stay here, but I have to." He searched arond for his pants and found them lying haphazardly on a chair nearby. Pulling them on he turned around in hunt for his shirt, his company was not having it. Strong arms pulled him back by his waist and a face burried into his back. "Let go of me Alain, please." Harry did not want to go but he had to and the stupid veela holding him was making it very difficult for him. Harry pulled on his shirt and pulled out of the warm embrace as soon as he was out he regretted it. Those kisses were intoxicating. "I am leaving now, thank you, for last night." He said pressing one final kiss to his lover. "You are saying that as though we are never going to see each other again, I am going to see you again in a few hours." The arms were back around him. Clingy veela. "We are going to see each other, but it wont be the same now will it?" Harry wraped his arms around Alain's neck and looked at him, he was so handsome, it was difficult to take his eyes off. "It could be." That caught his attention, that and the sultry grin he was being given. "What do you mean." This time he went willingly when he was pulled down into Alain's lap. "I mean, things don't have to change between us." When he saw Harry's face begin to screw up in confusion he quickly spoke, "Let me explain, from what you told me yesterday the only conclusion I could come to is that you are miserable in your current residence and if you could, you would happily leave. Now what I am asking you is, will you leave with me?" The veela wrapped his arms tight around Harry's waist as he waited for his lover to understand what he just said. His grip was strong and comforting and he could feel Harry melt. He was surrounded by his veela and that feeling was the safest he had felt since Sirius, it felt so good. He was almost tempted to be selfish for a change, he wanted this and he wanted it badly. But he still did not understand what was happening. "Alain, I still dont understand what you are saying. You are a veela, don't you have a mate?" Harry was getting frustrated, he wanted to believe this was happening but he could not. His crazy veela was not making any sense. Alain sighed. He looked up and Harry and kissed his nose. "I want you to be my mate." Now Harry was flabbergasted. "I am a dominant veela and a very powerful one at that, to balance that out I need a submissive and a powerful one, someone who can keep up with me. And you are perfect for the role. Not just were you wonderful last night but your personality, grace and your overall existance is singing to me. You would make a wonderful mate and a wonderful mother as well, yes I saw you cast the contraceptive charm." As he kept talking the bush on Harry's face became deeper and deeper till it was a nice cherry red at the end, damn he had kept that a secret for so long. Alain laughed and continued, "Think about it, I am going to be here until the night. I will leave immediatly after the reception party, think about it and make your decision. Whatever you choose, I will accept." Harry ducked his head and just let everything sink in. Here was a very handsome and powerful veela offering him an out. He really liked this veela and he knew he would be treated well. And with time he was sure he would come to love his veela. So it was a bit of a no brainer but thinking about it when he was a bit more sober would give him a better idea. He looked back up at Alain, "Thank you very much for your offer, I will certainly give it a thought." He wanted another kiss and so he leaned in for one and got it. It was slow and languid, as though they had all the time in the world. The kiss deepened and Harry moaned, his hands went up to tangle in his lovers cherry blond hair, hands crept around his waist and one came to rest on the small of his back and the other one grasped his thigh. When he felt the hand move up is when he pulled of. "Now I really have to go, I will give you an answer though Alain." Hary then got up and with a little hope beggining to blossom in his chest he left the tent and walked back to the burrow. Maybe he would survive this madness after all. Maybe he would be happy, but at what cost. It was around nine o clock and everyone had just woken up, so Harry was able to slip in easily without anyone being the wiser. He rushed up to the room he shared with Ron and found him still snoring. Glad he had not slept in the same room as him the other night, he grabbed his toileteries and rushed for a shower before someone could use up the hot water. He cleaned of and for the first time in quite a while actually, used all the grooming charms he knew. The last time he had used grooming charms was for the yule ball. His official date had been one of the Patils but he had danced most of the night secretly with the Slytherins. They could not go together openly so they did so discretly, he never thought he could have so much fun. Nobody knew even today. He got dressed in a nice pair of deep violet pressed chinos and a white shirt and pulled the same coloured vest on top of it. It showed of his figure perfectly, his lithe body and his plump perky bum. He was not normally this vain, but after last night and for what might happen in the future he felt like showing of a little. As a final touch he tied his now shoulder length hair up with a violet ribbon and pulled on a pair of black dress shoes. He looked ready to slay. He walked out and the first thing he saw was a bedraggled Hermione who had just emerged from her and Ginny's room. She dropped her bag as soon as she saw him, he caught the look of jelousy before she covered it up. "Harry you look.. wonderful" she forced herself to say, "But should you be dressing like that, I mean would Sirius approve?" she tried to give him a dissapointed look. Ugh they needed a new phrase. He rolled his eyes and answered. " Yes I think he would, these are his clothes after all. I am finally healthy enough to look nice in them" and like he expected that comment shut her up and she walked past him with a huff. She was so annoying, why did she have to bellitle everything he did. He went back to Ron's room and pulled all his stuff into his back, not everything of course, just his Gringotts key, his cloak and firebolt. All of his expensive clothes and everything else he had put away in his vault when he realised where he would be staying this summer. Sirius had told him a little about his inheritance before he had been cruelly ripped away, Harry had since then tried his best to look decent at events like this. He did not know much but he knew enough. He was searching for an excuse to go back to the bank and find out the rest though. He was ripped out of his thoughts when a voice next to him made a rather crude coment about his bum under its breath. He knew he was not supposed to have heard that so he pretended like he did not and kept his back turned. He then shrunk his bag and shoved it into his vest pocket and turned around. Ron by then had fully woken up and was staring at him creepily. Harry sighed and waved a hand in front of his face, no response. The crazy boy had a girlfriend, one as crazy as him but anyway. Ugh what had he seen in them? "Ron, hello anyone there." That woke the idiot up and he gasped. "Oh hey mate." He rubbed his eyes sleepily. Harry shook his head and left the room, he had things to do. He quickly made his way to the kitchen to see when breakfast would be ready. Mrs Weasley was already there and was cooking. Damn he wanted to cook. "Hey Mrs Weasley" he greeted as he came close. "may I help." Mrs Weasly jumped and turned aorund. "Oh Harry dear, I did not realise you were up. You look wonderful dear." she came nearby and gave him a once over. If she was not so overbearing he would actually be very fond of her. But she was and she kept trying to set him and Ginny up so that was moot point. "Why dont you set up the table outside dear, everyone will be down soon." He nodded happily and waved his wand making all the cutlery follow him. He went outside into the crisp fresh morning and rolled up his sleeves. With one wave, all the tables were set straight. They had two long tables and chairs would be put in such a way that the guests would be facing each other. He then made the chairs dance over and settle. He had to wait for everyone else to come to put up the canopy but he could do everything else. With a few more swishes the plates were set and the cutlery floated and settled next to them. The cutlery did not match but the set up looked beautiful anyway. Just as the last plate fell in place, a familiar pair of arms circled his waist and a head came to rest on his shoulder. He looked behind him into warm honey eyes and smiled. "Hey, nice timing." Alain kissed him sweetly before stepping back to admire him properly. "You look beautiful." Harry blushed