Chapter 1 ' For my birthday I wish for a everything ' Zehir woke up with a start , she was not in her bed in the Gryffindor dorms , she was not even sure if she was in Hogwarts. She was however in a magical area so that was something. She looked around , she saw that she was in a place very similar to the Leaky Cauldron, just cleaner. ' Excuse me Miss are you okay?' a voice from above asked. She looked up to find a man about 30 looking at her with an apron wrapped around his hips. It was definitly the Leaky because that was a younger version of Tom staring at her. She got up and looked around , people were wearing clothes from the thirties. Her brain was not accepting this. What the hell happened but Sirius had always told her , that when in doubt go to Gringotts so that was what she was going to do. ' Yes Sir , I am fine but can you please tell me the way to the bank , I think I am a little lost.' She asked as politly as possible. ' Sure miss , follow me. ' said Tom and walked to the back of the inn. The fact that he did not call her crazy confirmed her belief. So she followed him. He opened the gateway to Diagon Alley and told her to follow the Alley to the very end beacuse that is where Gringotts is located. She thanked him and made her way to Gringotts. On the way she did an inventory check and realised that she still had her wand and a trunk in her jeans pocket. She ducked into a corner and pulled out the trunk. Inside the trunk were all her most valuable possesions, her album, cloak , marauders map, her firebolt and a locket that Sirius had made for her. It was a platium and diamond locket in the shape of a cirlce with lilies on it embossed with diamonds. Inside the locket was a picture of her with Siri when she was a baby and another one of older her and Sirius. The locket had padfoot engraved at the back of it, she also had a bag of galleons , not much but enough for a day or two. She repacked her trunk and made her way towards Gringotts. On the way she spotted a street vendor selling the daily prophet. She payed and picked up a copy. She saw the date on it and freaked out for a second , it was the first of january 1942. Holy shit , she was in Grindelwald's time , the dark lord she knew had not yet risen. She continued reading the paper while she walked into Gringotts. She walked up to the nearest teller and waited for him to look up. ' Yes ' he asked slightly snootily. ' Good Morning Lord Goblin may your money flow and your enemies roll at your feet. ' she had successfully shocked a goblin. But he recovered quickly and with a much warmer voice replied. ' Good Morning may your coffers fill and your magic prosper, what can I do for you lady Witch?' ' I would like a lineage test , parental test and inheritance test done Master Goblin as fast as possible.' She said . the goblin seemed to note her urgency and called for another goblin to lead her off to the private rooms at the back. She was taken to a room and shown inside where another goblin was waiting for her with a few pieces of parchment and a dagger. ' Please place a few drops of your blood on each of these pieces of parchment ' the goblin said. Zehir slit her palm and placed drops of her blood on each of the pieces of parchments in front of her. The first one was her parent test which read: MOTHER : LILITH JASMINE PEVERELL nee' BLACK FATHER : HADRIAN PEVERELL Shock number one , she decided to save the inforation that she was a pureblood in this verse away and move on to the second sheet of parchment which showed her lineage and family tree. She was apparently the only heiress to the Noble and Most Ancient house of Peverell and had three seats on the Wizengamot for that house on her father's side and she was the neice of Cassiopea Black on her mother's side. The Black family branch went on for a long time while the Peverell line stopped short. She saved that information away as well and moved on to her inheritance paper. She was .. wow. Apparently she was Lady Gryffindor-Peverell-Shafiq. She inherited all three from her fathers side but from her mother's side she did not inherit because it was not the direct line. She was filthy rich and had a lot of real estate and invstments that raked in even more money. She looked at the goblin in front of her. ' Master Goblin, I need an account manager, laywer and advisor. Also I would like to finish my education before I take my seats in the Wizengamot so I would like a proxy. I do not wish for a guardian.' I stated , from what I knew about goblins they liked respect and they liked buisness. I gave them that . ' Miss Peverell , I believe all of that can be arranged for a price of course and I believe you will want descretion' the goblin replied with a smirk ' Yes Master Goblin that would be appreciated and if a thousand galleons left my accounts and ended up in your possesion no one need know right?' asked Zehir with a smirk of her own. ' Not at all Miss Peverell and I suggest that you use Shafiq as your last name else you will have problems at Hogwarts. The current deputy headmaster is known for sticking his nose in places that do not belongand if he catches wind of your power you will be harassed and tortured till you join him.' Sid the goblin with a surprising amount of concern. ' Now if you will follow me we will find you a lawyer and I volenteer myself for your account manager. Your lawyer will double as your advisor and I will be your account advisor. As for your proxy, I believe it would be wise to keep your seets frozen until you find a necessity to do otherwise. This is in your best interest.' ' Very well master goblin I will adhere by your advice and I would be honoured to have you as my account manager.' So saying Zehir followed the goblin through the halls to the floo room from where they flooed to Abel Malfoy's office. There they were greeted by his secratary who asked them to wait a while she informed Mr Malfoy. They sat down on the couches and waited less than ten mintues before they were invited inside. ' Thank you Carol , you may leave now 'said a cool voice with a slight french accent. Zehir thought it was very similar to Draco Malfoy's accent. They sat down opposite to the man and got down to buisness. ' Sharpclaw I was not expecting you today , to what do I owe the pleasure and who is this charming young Lady you have brought with you , a new client perhaps' the man said. ' Yes Abel this is a surprise visit and yes she is a client ,a very wealthy client and a powerful one too. May I introduce is Zehir Laila Shafiq Lady to the Most Noble and Ancient Houses of Shafiq and Peverell and the Most Noble and Imperial House of Gryffindor.' Said Sharpclaw with a flourish. 'Now she is in need of an advisor and lawyer and I recommended you to her. Care to take it up?' Abel smirked at Sharpclaw before saying ,' Miss Shafiq it is a pleasure to meet you I am Abel Malfoy of the noble and most ancient house of Malfoy and I believe that it would be beneficial to both parties if I were your lawyer.' And that was that. ' Mr Malfoy I believe the same. Now, I am sure you are a very busy man so how soon can we start buisness?' asked Zehir her smirk not leaaving her face. ' We can start now Miss Shafiq what would you like to do?' asked Malfoy with an eerily similar smirk. ' First job , I wish to complete my education so I will be joining Hogwarts the next semester which I believe is the day after tomorrow but I want all formalities finished today. Secondly no one is to know of my titles unless I allow it, thirdly Albus Dumbledore, I want a restraining order against him on moments notice. I am not fond of him and never will be oh! and please call me Zehir'. Zehir was on a mission ,ever since she realised the date she decided to change her game and for that she needed independence and a lack of Dumbles in her life. ' As you wish Zehir, the second and third are easy , the first however you must take a few tests in the ministry. That can be arranged by today evening but it will come with a price because of your confidentiality clause also what of a guardian figure'. ' That is no problem , just have it done, I would like fifth year tests and i want them at the earliest. As for guardian I have muggle ones so spin it around that. And do call me Zehir' ' Very well and please call me Abel , I will have your appointment by 3 this afternoon , which is in another 4 hours. I suggest you ge some lunch Zehir and pick out a place where you will be living. ' replied Abel . ' That was the plan Abel. I will be living in a cottage in Wiltshire, it is on the small size but I will be living alone and would like my privacy and safety. The place is of Shafiq property so it is the best option'. Zehir said with a smile, she knew that Malfoy Manor was there and was hoping to make friends but she was not going to be revealing that. ' That is a wonderful plan , my brother Clement Malfoy and his family live there in Malfoy manor. He is the Lord of the Malfoy family and he has an heir in Fifth year. I will take you to wiltshire myself and you can meet them. ' Abel gave Zehir exactly what she wanted and she agreed. She and Sharpclaw then flooed back to the bank to collect her Lady ring and her cottage portkey. She then got a sack of money and a list of books currently being used by the fifth years and went shopping. She headed out into Diagon alley and headed for the nearest pub and got lunch. She had a light lunch of a beef salad and a glass of pumpkin juice. Thinking about all that had happened today gave her a headache so she decided to save it for the night. She went out to the alley once again and headed for Flourish and Blotts first. She browsed the shelves and pulled out all her course work books which included books for transfiguration, charms, DADA , hebology , arithmacy and ancient runes. Apparently during this period arithmacy and ancient runes were core classes along with maical theory. She also got potions books but she got more than necessary as she was interested in some of the titles she saw. After that she got books on wizarding law, the pureblood directory and a few more books she thought would be useful. She also got many packges of