Disclaimer: I do not Hunger Games it is without prejudice property of Suzanne Collins, Scholastic Press, Color Force, and Lionsgate. I own nothing but my own character creations, I merely borrowing a group of fascinating characters. I will return them relatively unscathed…well I return them anyway. No money is made from this and no infringement of copyright is intended. This will be removed if contacted. This story is not for monetary gain but purely for enjoyment purposes. I claim no ownership with exception to my own original characters and ideas. No recognizable characters are mine, merely my own creations. Pairings: Katniss/Peeta, Madge/Gale (Eventual), Haymitch/Effie, OC/OC Summary: War was coming. It was as inevitable as changing of seasons. The flames of rebellion had been fanned, and would soon surge through the districts. Wild and untamed. A single red blossom told me it was time. Time to take my place among myth and legend. My name is Madge Undersee and I am the kindling that will ignite the girl on fire into a raging inferno. Ashes Fall Prologue: The cold metal of my seat bit into my bare shoulders, the thick nylon belt tethering me in place refused to give an inch- and with each bout of turbulence- pressed me further into unyielding metal. The pinches of pain was a welcome relief however, as for a moment, it distracted me from the suffocating tension that permeated the hovercraft. Beside me-golden, wig askew and ashen faced- sat Effie Trinket. Buckled snuggly to her seat, her emotional stability dangled a hair. Her trembling hands working frantically as she buffed the hemline of her dress together trying to rid herself of the bright red reminder of the violence she had born witness too. Releasing my grip on the thin rail that divided our seats, I reached over and as gently as I could pried her raw fingers from the material, and wriggled my fingers into her clenched palm. Giving her perfectly manicured hand a comforting squeeze, Effie's tear reddened eyes finally tore away from the stains and flickered toward me. "Oh Madge!" she gave a broken sob and buried her face in my shoulder, as her body began to shake with the force of her silent tears. I shushed her, my shoulder popping as I contorted my body to wind my free arm around her small shoulders rubbing a soothing hand over the lurid green sleeve of her dress. Her tears plastered my mussed hair to my neck uncomfortably- making my neck itch- but I didn't have the heart to push the woman that had done so much for me and that I had willingly deceived, away when she needed me most. I had known Effie since she had become the escort for District 12. At nine years old, I had been unimpressed by the woman who flounced into town once a year, to take two children away to their doom. At my young age, I hadn't understood that Effie was merely a product of her environment, just as I was. She was no more responsible for the Hunger Games than I was and I had no grounds to hate her, but I hadn't cared. Year after year, I watched as she hustled children gleefully onto the train bound for the Capital-never to return- and hated her for it. Time and experience soon changed my views, what had once been black and white was suddenly bathed in hues of gray. Effie Trinket was suddenly gray. And I slowly began to warm to the woman whom knew no better. Despite my initial distaste for the bubbly woman, she had taken a liking to me right away. Bringing me small trinkets every year when she would arrive from the Capital and settle into the guest room (the one I had helped her arrange to her exacting specifications) opposite mine. On some subconscious level, Effie had understood I was not a fan of Capital opulence, so her gifts were mostly things she had picked up in another District on her long journey back to twelve: a set of silk hair ribbons from One, a small painted wooden figurine of a forest cat from Seven were among my favorites. It was then I started to notice Effie was a bit more perceptive than I had realized. On the morning of my first reaping, Effie had pulled me aside and hugged me tightly and whispered "May the odds be ever in your favor, dear" in my ear. By then I knew that what she really meant was "I hope it's not you." On my fifteenth birthday, Effie surprised me by sending me a gift with a Capital courier delivering documents to my father. That had been her most lavish gift by far, a small pair of glittering silver earrings in the shape of butterflies, once again from District One, their tiny wings inset by pink and green enamel, and a note offering her a job as her apprentice once I turned sixteen. Out of district, apprenticeships were very rare and to be offered one in the Capital even more so. So sure, I would accept Effie had filled out all necessary paperwork and already arranged for me to take the graduation exam a year early. To be quite honest I had no desire to be a District escort, but it provided a golden opportunity that I could not afford to pass up. Access to the Capital. For years, my mother and I had been awaiting the signal that would tell us L'Ordre du Coquelicot was ready. Ready after years of discord, poverty, and torture to begin again the work our ancestors had begun centuries before- to topple oppressive government and bring freedom to the people of Panem. L'Ordre du Coquelicot (was French- an extinct language still spoke by my familial line-for The Order of the Poppy, after the flower that then had been one of remembrance) was a secret society formed by a rogue secret government agency during what was called World War II. One that had survived the tidal wave that had leveled what had once been the Eastern seaboard, and the bitter war that had followed. Keeping to the shadows, they had watched as Panem was born. Always there, always watching. Then came the Dark Days. From the shadows, they stepped once more- though never once was the order mentioned to those outside the bloodline, so it remained, as it was intended secret- to fight on the side of the rebel forces. Woefully unprepared the surviving members retreated, preparing, waiting…waiting for a spark. I had been barely nine when I had learned the existence of the Order. After swearing me to secrecy-to which I pointed out I was friendless, and just whom would I tell- my mother had taken me down into the basement of our home. Stowed beneath the rickety wooden steps that lead to the basement was an old trunk. Too look at it; it didn't seem to be anything special just an old dusty trunk that had seen better days. But it was so much more. Beneath the lid was just what one would expect, balled up linens and ancient moth eaten curtains, but when tossed aside was a worn bottom, but if pressed in precisely the right spot the bottom would fold away revealing a trapdoor with a small black window in the center. Pressing her thumb to the glass the screen flashed green and with a mechanical whir the door wild away revealing a worn oaken ladder. Entranced I followed my mother down the rickety rungs until my feet touched stone. Undaunted by the darkness my mother picked her way easily across the room, to a small glowing key pad. Upon entering the code, a soft beep echoed through the room and the overhead lights flickered on and I was given my first look at what would become my sanctuary. A low swoosh and a loud click of a lock above my head startled me. Mother chuckled slightly and pointed up at a security door that slid into place above the entrance. Red in the face, I turned my eyes around the secret bunker beneath my home, it was a small room with thick steel walls barely visible behind ancient wooden bookcases that lined three of the walls. Along the fourth was a large computer terminal. A large screen bolted to the wall and resting upon the large metal desk beneath it was a large humming box (that encased the complicated guts of the computer) , another smaller screen set into the metal and a small black keyboard rested atop it. Turning in circles I gaped at the new wonder around me. I grinned when I found a large arm chair of plush green velvet, a worn warm throw blanket folded over one arm, and a delicate glass floor lamp crammed into the small space between the desk and the first book shelf. Crammed on the shelves were priceless tomes in every possible color, with worn leather bindings and smelling heavily of must and aged paper and ink. Endless stories of freedom, adventure, and happiness that had been hoarded away by the L'Ordre du Coquelicot in one of many of their heavily fortified underground bunkers. At that moment I craved nothing more than to select a book and curl up on the chair for hours. Knowing me too well my mother laughed lightly and and tipped her head toward the case, as she set to work at the terminal. We spent hours down their that day as mother worked and I was swept away to a place called England and Northanger Abbey. Before we left,mother had me lay my hand on the desk screen as she punched a random keys -the screen glowed as a bright white line scanned my palm cataloguing my prints so I too could enter when I wished – and she showed me how one of the book cases popped out to reveal a tunnel that would lead to the woods beyond district 12. An emergency escape that could be sealed behind us, allowing us safe passage beyond the fence where the order could extract us to safety without detection. Soon after we made a trip to the Capital to meet Auntie Inala the head of the Order. After that the rest is history. Everyday after that I awaited the sign. Years went by and weapon were planned and created, improved armor invented, and hovercrafts acquired yet that ember that would ignite a rebellion was woefully missing. Then Katniss Everdeen volunteered, for her sister and a spark was born. Standing in the crowd I knew as I watched Katniss mount the stage that this was the moment. My best friend was going to set the world on fire. When the crowds dispersed I ran for the Hall of Justice on trembling legs, plowing down the narrow corridors like a runaway bull-like I had once seen in 10- I nearly up ended three Peacekeepers and my fathers undersecretary before I reached the chambers that house the tributes. Taking my place in line behind Prim and Mrs. Everdeen. After a moment Darrius - the only peacekeeper I would call friend- opened the door and Prim flew in with a sob of "Katniss" her mother following behind. The door slammed closed behind them. Bouncing nervously on my toes I fought with the catch of my pin, trying desperately to unlatch it,just as I was reaching the end of my patience and was going to simply tear from my dress the needle popped free. Gazing down at the golden pin in my palm my eyes misted, this was the best I could do. The Order had long recognized this pin, it had been crafted by my great-great-great grandfather at the end of the Dark Days as a symbol of hope. The Capital could not control the mockingjay and it could not control the Donner family. And they would not control Katniss Everdeen. I