Consequence Rating: PG Disclaimer: The works of J.R.R. Tolkien are none of my property and I make no money of the usages of such. References? Yes, to Mask of Innocence , but reading that is not necessary to understand this story. (But reading and reviewing it sure is welcome!) Summary: War threatens Thranduil's realm, and while he knows his son will fight Thranduil questions the willingness of his heart to let him go. One-shot. Well I'm back...finally! I'm sort of working on another piece, a long one this time, but I'm not sure if it will ever get to a stage of posting. I'll keep in touch, don't worry! Please read & review; flames accepted. Blades flashed bright beneath the canopy as two warriors twirled about in duel. Their swords were gleaming and bright, clean of blood and tarnish. The metal had seen hundreds of years of battle, but they remained as sharp as the day they were forged. Today they met with resounding ringing and clinking as friend fought friend beneath the eaves of Greenwood. But Greenwood it is no longer. Thranduil surveyed the sparring pair with scrutinizing critique as he watched. The sun caught the silver metal as one of the duelers did a magnificent twirl with his blade high in the air for an instant, and there was a brilliant flash of white light before the sound of steel striking steel filled the air of the clearing. Several applauded and cheered at the fantastic display of swordsmanship, but it was not the duel itself that Thranduil now watched. He was looking at his son. Pale-gold hair rippled as it was caught up in the breeze as his son spun about magnificently, the strong, slender body nimbly avoiding the strikes of his friend and parrying others. He smiled widely when their swords crossed, and as his sweet voice was released in a gentle laugh he spun away once more, raising his sword with one perfect hand in challenge. Sapphire eyes sparkled beneath dark lashes on the beautifully chiseled face, and many a time Thranduil had ruefully wondered to himself why his fair child had failed to announce a betrothal to some swooning maiden. But at this moment Thranduil did not see his child in such a light. True, he was fair, but he was looking at Legolas' heart. Many things he was burdened with as king, many of which the Crown Prince was subject. Mithrandir had come to them not a day past, and with him he brought tidings of darkness and war that Thranduil had not needed to hear. Sauron was gaining power in the East, and was summoning the armies of darkness to his side. "War is inevitable," Mithrandir had told him gravely. "And you shall suffer with the rest of Middle-earth in the years to come as long as Sauron remains in power." But they were already suffering. His people had been suffering for many years now, ever since the Watchful Peace had ended. They had suffered before that as well, especially in the year leading up to the fleeing of Sauron, shortly after the 14th yén of the Third Age. Legolas suffered perhaps most of all. Thranduil did not want to think of what had happened then, and he forced himself to forget that horrible year they had endured, when he and his child had nearly lost their lives and their realm had been threatened. Too many of his people had been lost, and those that were not slain lost friends and kin. All of them had been affected in some way, big or small. Then for nearly four centuries they were granted the peace they needed so desperately, but then it all came crumbling to the ground once more when Sauron returned with renewed strength to his ancient stronghold of Dol Guldur. It had crushed his peoples' morale, and Legolas had sworn vengeance against the tyrant that had caused the death of grandmother, grandfather, uncles, aunt, mother, and nearly that of his father. For many years he raged a campaign against the Orcs that had once more infiltrated their lands, but he had been wise enough in his anger to realize that an attack against Sauron would serve nothing more than to destroy himself and many of his people, and would not benefit his father. To this day he and Captain Taidîr still led warring parties against the yrch and spiders that seemed to be constantly encroaching upon the Wood Elves' land no matter what they did in defense. But now a battle for the dominion of Middle-earth was about to begin. The Elven-king knew in his heart that Sauron would not pass by his realm in his efforts to raze the realms that stood in his path, and already they had begun readying defenses and preparing stores of food and water should his people need to be evacuated to the caverns that housed his palace. He wondered, though, if his warriors could absorb the attacks that Thranduil dreaded but understood would occur. Legolas undoubtedly would fight for his king and for the quiet revenge that lay smoldering in his heart. Legolas would rise up and join the fight to destroy Sauron once and for all, to end what should have ceased thousands of years ago. He would fight to defend the beauty and love left in the realm and in the world, and Thranduil knew without a doubt he would go to whatever end to protect all that was good in Arda. Even, perhaps, to death. Thranduil closed his eyes in pain. He could not handle another of his family dying, not again. One more death would shatter the weak barrier he had. He wanted his son to live; he wanted to see the proud face greet him with a warm smile when he came home weary from patrols… But he had received word from Elrond of a council being held in Rivendell in October of this year. It was late September now, and Thranduil had not much time left to make a decision on who to send as ambassador. He knew he ought to send Legolas, for he was excellent in politics and negotiations, nearly as well as his father. But something would not let him surrender that beaming son that was now walking with his friend across the sparring field, his laughter filling the expanse beneath the trees. Legolas had become more precious to him – if that was at all possible – ever since the attack that had nearly killed Thranduil's childhood friend and stolen away his child that was only an Elfling at the time. Thranduil could still remember - with startling clarity - the morning he had sat at his dying friend's side and listened to the painful tale of how his child had been dragged away by the foulest of creatures that walked this earth. The same son that had been brought back quaking in terror and pain now stood before him, strong and skilled and far older, but yet still incredibly young compared to the rest of those in the realm, speaking with another companion over some trivial matter that Thranduil did not hear. His heart was torn over his love for his son yet his desire to let him be free. Rarely did Legolas leave the forest, and although he had been kept plenty occupied with patrols it was partly out of fear that he would never come back that made Thranduil refrain from sending him off on adventures or foreign-affair excursions. Thranduil knew that although the road to Rivendell was laden with dangers and several times travelers had been waylaid Legolas could fend for himself; the sparring match today had proven the point as he had successfully beaten the warrior who had before been believed to be the greatest warrior in Lasgalen besides the King himself. The Elven-king knew that was not the reason he was reluctant. It was because of the rumors he had heard. From the Havens to Gondor the word was being spread; the weapon of the enemy had apparently been found. Thranduil had been given reports of increased activity in the enemy's whereabouts and witnesses claiming yrch and goblin activity in areas where previously there had been none. And there had been whisperings of late that the Nine were on the move once more. If the rumors about the enemy were true then Isildur's Bane must have been found. It would therefore make sense why Elrond was calling a meeting, and that a representative from all of the realms of the Free Peoples of Middle-earth were required to attend. They would want to discuss how to best deal with the problem, and Thranduil knew that should the need arise Legolas would give his right hand to join the ranks of those who would fight to bring down Sauron in whatever way. Legolas was still brash and hot-headed at times, and Thranduil feared that this time it would cause his downfall. No longer did they live in a childish world where if he fell or caused some small trouble his father could come running and kiss all the pain away. This was reality. Reality was not perfect. In fact, it was far from perfect. War threatened everyone, and one wrong step meant death and destruction. But he is a grown prince! A part of Thranduil argued against his father-like thinking. He reached adulthood almost half a millennium ago. Let him decide for himself! Legolas had now disappeared from sight after waving farewells to his friends, and ventured off for some sort of relaxation found only in the branches of an ancient beech. Thranduil had watched him leave with something akin to confusion and anxiety, but seeing the strength and self-assurance in his son warmed his heart. I shall speak with him tonight. It will be his decision, not mine. No longer is he an Elfling for me to dote upon; he is a mature prince, and I must understand that. I+I+I+I+I+I+I+I It was after sunset and well into the starry evening before Legolas was summoned to his father's chambers. His sapphire robes shimmered in the dim light as he strode silently down the hallway (robes that had been specially tailored to match his eyes), silently pondering over his father's unusual silence during supper. I can only pray that nothing has befallen the sentries and the patrols again. He knocked quietly on the oak doors that guarded his father's bedroom and other chambers before entering, opening the door only enough to let him slip in. It clicked shut behind him, and he peered into the king's study, expecting him there. "My lord?" No response. The room furnished with a myriad of tapestries and relics and innumerable documents – some as old as Legolas still stuffed into old books on the messy desk – was not where Thranduil had placed himself. On a hunch, Legolas skipped the formal setting room and other smaller rooms and headed to his father's bedroom. But when he reached the spacious room, he paused at the doorway. Something lingered in the air that unsettled him, and immediately he sought out his adar. "Father ?" Thranduil said nothing as he stood in front of a tapestry that Legolas had seen hundreds if not millions of times. Legolas felt his father welcome him with his thoughts, but remained wary. "You are troubled," Legolas murmured quietly. He stepped forth to lay a hand on his father's shoulder to comfort him, and the king did not turn. "A beautiful rendition of you and your mother, do you not think?" He spoke softly, pale fingers gesturing at the painting before him of the luminescent mother and child and the strong king embracing them both. Legolas nodded in silent response. "Aye. It is the most beautiful painting of Naneth in this palace." "That is why it is here," Thranduil turned to look at his son, a faint smile lifting his lips. "So I