Disclaimer: Obviously nothing but the plot and the OC's belong to me. Everything else belongs to JK Rowling. Edit: This is edited on July 31st 2015 for the reason that the mistakes bother me XD ~Of Silver and Gold~ Chapter One: The Beginning A sunny morning brought warmth to the house of the Potter family. Today was a very important date, for it was Harry's first birthday. Harry's first birthday would be their last moment in the light. They had decided to go to hiding after the near death experiences with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named three times prior. Today they had enjoyed their little get together with their friends, and as the night ended, the only guests left were the Blacks. Lily turned to face her close friend. After Severus had broken their friendship, she found a friend in the least suspecting person. Amorette Black nee Deville, former student of Salem Witches' Institute and new Slytherin, had become her friend after their mutual dislike of the Mauraders. In a Slug Club meeting, they managed to have a conversation how annoying Sirius Black, and James Potter were. So many things happened after the fateful meeting, from laughter, teasing, and newfound love. In their last year, James had managed to get Lily when he let his pompous ways go. As for Amorette, she led Sirius into near desperation. She tamed him and made him stay celibate for a year. When he managed to lose all hope, one day after a Quidditch game, she walked over and gave him a kiss right on the lips. That is after the Slytherin won a game versus the Gryffindors with her as the Chaser. He was in a daze that he had managed to get something from the elusive girl. When he touched the ground once more, he learned she had gone to celebrate with his brother, the seeker of Slytherin. A year after Lily and James married, Sirius had finally managed to ask her, only for her to tell him 'Took you long enough, I saw the ring a month ago'. Lily smiled slightly and her thoughts were interrupted. "He's rather lovely" Amorette cooed at the child. Lily could not help but smile. She truly was lucky to have a perfect small family. When she questioned why she would go into hiding, she reminded herself that baby Harry was worth it. Nearly a year old and he had stolen the heart of whoever laid eyes on him. "He is, isn't he?" Lily said softly. "Hope my little bundle is just as darling" Amorette smiled touching her stomach absentmindedly. It seemed that Sirius was really trying to catch up to James. Eight months after Harry's birth, did the Black family announce they were expecting. James teased Sirius relentlessly at how he was always steps behind him. Sirius waved him off, merely stating that his little boy would be better than Harry in every way…and right after he would coo to Harry at how he would love him even if he was second best. Amorette herself crushed that idea, when she told him that she would be expecting a girl. Then the idea came of the Potter and Black house uniting with through their future wedding . Amorette and Lily gushed while James and Sirius rolled their eyes. "I better be the godmother of your child!" Lily teased. Amorette waved her off. "But of course" she said flipping her blond hair behind. "Who else would take your place?" Lily smirked. "Lucius, and Narcissa Malfoy perhaps?" Lily questioned. Amorette laughed. "Oh I love them I really do, but Sirius would die if I did" Amorette said. "…. Maybe I will" That earned her a swat by Lily. She was a Slytherin at heart. She was cunning and ambitious. She always got what she wanted, even if it meant manipulation. Pureblood and aristocratic, many wondered why she ended up with the blood traitor such as Sirius, but she didn't care. She still managed to continue a loose friendship with the Malfoys and Snapes. Sadly the friendship began to show cracks from the moment she said 'I do'. They would never get along with her new family and she accepted it. She was of course invited to the birth of their dear Draco and they would be invited to the birth of their daughter, a few months from now. But the closeness and family feel was gone. "I'm sorry about them and you" Lily said. "Oh hush, it's okay, if they don't accept Sirius, then I don't bloody care" she said shrugging. She ignored the tears that rose, blaming it on pregnancy. "If they can't accept him how could they accept my baby? No." Lily smiled as baby Harry slept. Amorette really was stubborn when she wanted to be. Just as she managed to rock Harry, their two men flew into their house laughing. Lily groaned as Harry began to cry. "JAMES POTTER!" she yelled. "Could you be any more childish?!" Amorette hissed. James and Sirius were flying over their heads laughing, that is until the scream was heard. They frowned and knew they were in trouble. As their feet touch the ground they were met with two angry wives, and the noise of little Harry wailing. "We're sorry love" was the first phrase that came out of Sirius' mouth. "James and I didn't know that Harry was sleeping" "You aren't the child of the house anymore James" Lily replied ignoring Sirius' comment. James smiled a lopsided grin and leaned over to kiss his lovely fiery wife and then gave one to little Harry on his forehead, only to meet the same shade of green eyes that were glaring at him before. "I love you Harry," he cooed taking a sniffling Harry from Lily's arms. Lily merely glared as he managed to stop Harry from crying. Sirius immediately went to work and turned to Padfoot giving Harry a little ride. Harry gurgled and giggled at their antics and Lily couldn't help but smile. She looked around wondering where Amorette had gone off too, that is until she saw her returning. "What happened?" Lily asked. "Sirius surprised me so much that it made the baby kick my bladder," she said rubbing her wrapped his arms around his wife and smiled at her kissing her forehead. She couldn't help but smile and leaned against him, letting him rub her belly. "It's almost time to leave" Amorette commented and Sirius replied with a groan. "Must we?" Sirius asked frowning. Amorette sighed. "You know what Dumbledore said, it's for their safety" she mumbled. Sirius pulled back and nodded. "You're right," he said. "We have to go Prongs, Lils" Lily and James turned to face them sadly. The room had sobered up almost instantly. It had to happen, they could only be there for a while, and then they had to leave as to not raise suspicion. "You'll be back right?" Lily said softly. "But of course" Amorette said. "We still have Christmas, plus you know I can't away from my favorite boy!" She lifted Harry to her arms and hugged him close. Harry giggled and tugged her hair. Sirius rubbed little Harry's head, smiling at the mop black hair growing from the one year old. "See ya soon Harry, Happy birthday" he said smiling. "Hope you like your broom" Harry merely giggled. Sirius and James hugged a one armed hug and the girls embraced kissing each other's cheeks and smiling fondly making promises they would making sure to keep. Lily and Sirius embraced, and Sirius muttered. "Don't start a Potter farm like the Weasleys" earning him a swat. Amorette giggled and gave James a friendly kiss, asking him to be good to Lily. "We'll see you" Amorette said as they walked into the Floo Network. "Goodbye" James and Lily said in unison. Sirius winked and wrapped his arms around Amorette. "Number 12, Grimmauld Place" she said clearly. A green flame encircled them and they disappeared. Lily sighed and looked down as Harry was frowning. "It'll be alright you two, what's a week?" James said. Lily cracked a smile. "You miss them too," she said. James shrugged. "But of course, but it's not like this is the last time we spend time with them." James walked off towards his study while Lily remained there a small smile on her face. "Men" she said shaking her head. Harry simply cooed and it was official, she had to give her baby a bath. ….. Three months later… "Sirius…where are you going?" Amorette asked now seven months pregnant. "It's late." Sirius frowned. "Peter isn't here," he said "And neither are Lily nor Prongs" Amorette sighed and nodded. She knew that no matter what she said he would be stubborn enough to get his way. She had to admit that she was nervous as well. "Go on, I'll wait here" she said smiling. He let out a sigh of relief. He knew that Amorette wouldn't hold it against him. "I love you" he said and kissed her softly. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed back, always enjoying his little touches. If this wasn't love, she didn't know what it was. "See you soon," she whispered and pulled back hugging her stomach with a smile. Sirius opened the door and walked over to his beloved motorcycle. He saw Amorette looking from the window with a half-smile. He winked and turned on his bike speeding off towards Peter's home. ….. As he reached the home he looked around wondering why the house was so quiet. He didn't like it. There were rumors of Voldemort attacking the Order, but Wormtail was not in danger, only the Longbottom's and Potter's were. He took out his wand nonetheless. "Peter?" he called out. "Peter!" He looked around, it was impossible for Voldemort to attack and leave no remnants of a struggle. He had a bad feeling about it. The halls were dark, and there was no response what so ever. "Prongs" he whispered. His eyes grew wide and he began to run towards his bike immediately heading towards Godric Hollow. He felt the cold wind in his face, but he only sped up, needing to head there as quickly as possible When he arrived, he knew something was wrong. Pushing the already broken door, his breath was caught at the scene before him. "Oh Merlin" he cried out looking at James thrown to the side. He ran over and fell to the ground only to pull James' body towards his. His best friend, his first friend...his brother was lifeless in his arms. His body frigid and his eyes lost his gleam. He looked down at the dark eyes and he lifted his left hand to close them. He closed his eyes and let his tears fall on befallen James. They had been friends for ten years. Ten years. The room was lifeless, so quiet, that is until he heard wailings of a child. "Harry" he whispered reminding himself to keep it together. He kissed his dead friend's forehead and laid him down carefully. He ran over towards the stair, going up the stairs two steps at a time. He slipped into Harry's room and soon he saw Lily. She too was in the same way that James was, her vibrant red hair somehow looked dimmed. He ran his fingers down her cheek and shivered at its coldness. He closed her eyes as well and laid her down, walking towards Harry's crib. "Oh Harry" he said and lifted the baby to his arms. Both of them shared a long cry. He heard footsteps coming their way and he turned to face Rubeus Hagrid who also had wet eyes. "Lily" he croaked out "James" Hagrid walked over and patted Sirius' back. "Dumbledore sent me" he said in his gruff voice. "He wants me to take Harry-" Sirius turned to face Hagrid immediately. "I'll take him, Amorette and I will," he said holding Harry closer to him. "We'll take