A/N: This was written for Panem for the Hunger Games Spring Fling on AO3. Panem's prompt for this story was "a variation on the Book of Ruth." This started out as a smaller Book of Ruth-focused Everlark story, but gradually got bigger as I felt compelled to add background. Thanks to sunfishdunes for being a great beta, as always. Also thanks to daydreaming-of-jhutch for pre-reading and providing lots of encouragement. Please review and follow me on tumblr (soamazinghere) if you are so inclined! Gale Hawthorne wasn't supposed to win the 74th Hunger Games. It wasn't necessarily Gale Hawthorne himself who wasn't expected to win; it's just that everyone has low expectations for the tributes from District 12. Tributes from that far-away, coal mining district rarely make it even halfway through the Games. They fight just as hard as any of the other children who are reaped, of course, but the dark-haired, olive-skinned teenagers who usually represent the district are so scrawny, weak, and pitiful that they just don't stand a chance. No one could figure out how it happened, but Gale Hawthorne wasn't like any other District 12 tribute in recent memory. You couldn't tell it from his skin, hair, or facial features – no, in all those respects, he was just like any other boy from 12. But he was tall and he was strong. He had a fierce determination in his eyes that simultaneously frightened and intrigued the Capitol viewers. Being eighteen years old, as well as one of the most handsome tributes in his Games, certainly worked in his favor as well. That year, the Capitol fell in love with the boy from District 12. (His district partner, a typical, pathetic-looking young girl, has long since been forgotten.) With his natural strength and help from the many sponsor gifts he received, he reigned as the Victor of the 74th Games. The sponsor gifts that were so immensely helpful in securing Gale's win didn't appear solely due to his looks and abilities, though; district mentors and escorts also play a key role in "selling" their tributes. Unfortunately for District 12 contestants, however, their only mentor – the only living Victor from 12 – was the perpetually-drunk Haymitch Abernathy. And he was rarely seen at the events occurring throughout each year's Games, where mentors mingle with the wealthiest Capitol citizens and representatives from large, money-laden businesses to solicit donations and gifts to support the tributes. Much of that effort fell to District 12's escort, Effie Trinket. It wasn't exactly in the escort's job description to coordinate sponsor gifts, but she was well aware that securing the success of her tributes would only help advance her career. So she stepped in where Haymitch wouldn't. Unfortunately, the tributes she was typically trying to promote had so few talents and so many flaws that even her relentlessly positive attitude was useless in garnering support for them. Until the coming of Gale Hawthorne, that is. Finally Effie had a tribute who she could effectively campaign for. And campaign she did, down to the very last second when Gale was named Victor. Effie's contributions to the victory of an incredibly popular contestant – which was so improbable, having come from a poor, outlying district – were not overlooked. And with such an accomplishment under her belt, Effie Trinket finally got what she had been clamoring for all along – a promotion to a better district. "Katniss! Katniss!" She whips her head around at the insistent tone of the woman running toward her. "Marcus wants to talk to you right now ," the woman tells her seriously. Katniss nods her head, removing the microphone from the waistband of her skirt and handing it to a nearby cameraman. Marcus Lagerfield is not someone you ignore. He isn't a Gamemaker, but he is the person who directs all of the other on-air aspects of the Games – the interview shows where the contestants are introduced, the reaping broadcasts, the Victor recap shows – everything . It takes hundreds of people to produce the broadcasts that the citizens of Panem watch so intently each year. And he has the last word in every piece. When he asks to see you, you don't keep him waiting. So Katniss Everdeen is understandably nervous. She stops in front of a mirror as she hurries down the long corridor to Marcus's office, smoothing her skirt and ensuring that every last strand of her green-dyed hair is in place. As one of the small cadre of young, attractive reporters who appear on-air during each Games, she knows she has a job that many would covet. Her involvement in a variety of televised segments that are broadcast when there are lulls in the action – some of her past features have included talking to mentors about their tributes, discussing favorite contestants with her fellow Capitol citizens, and touring memorable locations from past arenas – also makes her popular with viewers. She hopes that hasn't changed; she's never been called to speak to Marcus by herself before. She attempts to reassure herself that she's unlikely to be fired. After all, she's good at her job – her segments consistently get high ratings, the producers always tell her as much – and she's unfailingly professional in all her interactions with other Hunger Games staff. Although he's never admitted it, she knows that she only got this position through her father's influence, which is considerable due to his high-ranking position overseeing Panem's defenses. Because of that, she's always made a point to put in extra effort to show people that she's capable and willing to work hard; she's not just the spoiled, rich daughter of one of Panem's elites. Stopping in front of the door to Marcus's office, Katniss takes a deep breath before knocking. "Come in," he calls from inside. "You wanted to see me, Mr. Lagerfield?" she asks hesitantly as she approaches his desk. "Yes, Katniss, please have a seat," he says, gesturing at the small, silk-covered sofa near where she stands. She sits timidly on the edge of the cushion, waiting expectantly for him to speak. He finally turns to face her. Marcus Lagerfield is an extremely unassuming man given his powerful position within the Hunger Games. He's short (only about Katniss's height, and she's average for a woman), very thin, and what little hair remains on his head turned white years ago. Katniss notices how fragile he looks and wonders how someone who appears so weak managed to gain so much authority. But she has little time to consider this before he begins speaking. "I've heard excellent comments on your reporting for the Games, Katniss. And after watching you for the past several years, I'd have to agree. Would you be interested in possibly taking on a new role within the Games?" he asks, leaning back in his chair to gauge her reaction. "Absolutely, Mr. Lagerfield," Katniss responds immediately. She's satisfied with her current job, but she's also smart enough to realize that you don't say 'no' to this man. "What is the job, exactly?" "You've heard that I recently promoted Effie Trinket to become the new escort for District 5?" Katniss nods in response. "Good, then you must realize that we need a new escort for District 12. And I'm offering you the position, Katniss, if you're so inclined." Katniss can hardly believe what she's hearing. Escort positions are very hard to come by and are quite prestigious. But they do require a good deal more work than her current job. She'd be expected to spend most of her days before and during the Games either with her tributes or working on their behalf, in addition to traveling to and from the district for reapings and other events throughout the year. But she knows she can't turn down this opportunity for numerous reasons. She would likely damage her career irreparably if she turned down a position that Marcus Lagerfield personally selected her for. Just as importantly, she wants to make her family proud and repay her father for everything he did to help her succeed. So with no hesitation in her voice, she tells him, "I'll take the job, Mr. Lagerfield. You won't be sorry." Before Katniss became an escort, she had never personally spoken to a tribute. As a matter of fact, the majority of the Hunger Games staff never see or talk to the actual contestants. They are sequestered in the Training Center for the most part, brought out only when necessary for certain special events like the tribute parade. And it's become an unspoken rule that only Caesar Flickerman gets to interview them. Reporters like Katniss talk to mentors, fans, and occasionally Gamemakers, but never to the tributes themselves. So, most of her knowledge of the tributes came from watching the Games on television. Katniss, like many residents of the Capitol, grew up entranced by the Games and everything associated with them. She and her younger sister, Primrose, spent hours watching the non-stop footage of the Games and arguing over which tributes were likely to win. When they were little girls, they created mini-arenas in their playroom and staged Games with their dolls. As they grew older, they swooned over the most handsome boys and felt irrational jealousy toward the prettiest girls. Due to their father's clout in the government, they were able to attend the tribute parade every year. Katniss admired the tributes for their bravery, fearlessness, and willingness to lay down their lives for the good of Panem. Suffice it to say, Katniss had a lot to learn during her first two years as an escort. When she conducted her first reaping, she was surprised at how uncomfortable the entire situation was. The people in the crowd—both the children and adults—seemed almost hostile toward her. And the boy and girl whose names she picked didn't act honored to be chosen; they just seemed scared. Meeting the tributes and talking to them on the train as she escorted them to the Capitol was the worst part. That's when Katniss learned exactly how frightened and angry these young people really were. None of them wanted to be in the Games, which astonished her and went against everything she'd been taught growing up. But as hard as she tried to reassure her tributes, tried to remind them of the great honor of their position, and tried to be just like Effie – nothing worked. And as their escort and a citizen of the Capitol, she often received the brunt of her tributes' anger. She was ashamed to admit to herself that she had never before given much thought to the fact that the tributes – despite all the honor and prestige of their position – were being sent to die. And die they did; all of her tributes during her first two years serving as District 12's escort. Winning the Hunger Games didn't do anything to staunch Gale Hawthorne's anger at the Capitol. It didn't suddenly make him begin to respect the power that the Capitol wielded over the districts, and it certainly didn't make him feel lucky to be alive. If anything, he was angrier than he'd ever been. He hated himself a little bit for accepting the money and the house that were his "rewards" for being a Victor…but he was practical, and after all he'd been through, he wanted to at least make sure that his mother and younger siblings were well taken care of. But after his Victory Tour, he couldn't bring himself to return to the Capitol to face the Games again. He knew what was expected of Victors, but he was more interested in preserving his sanity by staying at home. Haymitch, who Gale learned actually had more wits about him than people gave him credit for, warned him to be quiet about how he felt. He took pity on Gale, knowing how it felt to be a new Victor, and allowed him to