6:45pm Every last person on the airplane sits nervously, hoping their name hasn't been picked. Hoping that the elderly flight attendant working her way slowly down the aisle isn't looking for them. The flight was oversold and the airline asked for volunteers to take tomorrow's flight, but who in their right mind was going to volunteer to give up their seat? Anyone who's been watching the weather – anyone who even bothered to look out the window – can see that a blizzard is starting. Since no one volunteered, the airline informed us that they are going to pick some unlucky people to leave the flight. I shrink closer to the window, as if moving away will make her less likely to call my name. Glancing outside, I can see the snow starting to come down harder. If I don't stay on this plane, there's no way I'm making it home anytime soon. We've already boarded the plane, and it really doesn't seem fair to me that people with seats will be kicked off to accommodate people who aren't even here. I wish I had elite status with the airline. Then I wouldn't have anything to worry about, right? The flight attendant slows as she approaches my row, squinting at the piece of paper in front of her. "23D…Primrose Everdeen. Sorry sweetie, but I need you to grab your bags and come with me." Prim gives me a panicked look and starts to grab her things. I grab her shoulder to keep her in her seat. There's no way I'm letting her leave this plane. Tomorrow she has an interview with the pediatrics program at the hospital where she hopes to do her residency after she finishes medical school this spring. Missing that interview is not an option. "Sit down, Prim," I whisper to her quickly. "I volunteer," I state loudly to the flight attendant. "I volunteer to give up my seat. Can she stay if I go?" The flight attendant looks a bit confused. "Why didn't you volunteer when we asked earlier? We can't give you any compensation now, you know." "I just don't want my sister to miss this flight." "Alright," the flight attendant sighs. "23E…what's your name, miss?" "Katniss Everdeen." The flight attendant makes a note on her paper and points to the front of the plane. "Grab your things and go see the gate agent up there." Then she shuffles off to find her next victim. "Katniss, thank you so much. I'll make it up to you, I promise!" Prim wraps her arms around me tightly before I leave, and shoves a stack of celebrity gossip magazines into my arms. "Take these! You might be stuck here for awhile," she says guiltily. I hug her back. "Don't worry about me, little duck. I can handle a few hours of boredom." I'm secretly worried that it's going to be longer than a few hours – maybe a lot longer – but I keep that to myself. "Good luck tomorrow. Call me after!" Prim nods as I sling my backpack over my shoulders, making my way to the front of the plane. I lean forward and peek out the window as I walk, only to see the show falling more heavily than before. Ugh. I don't think I'll be leaving this airport anytime soon. 7:00pm Well, this completely and utterly sucks. The unhelpful gate agent standing near the front of the plane told me and the other non-volunteers that we needed to make our way to the rebooking line to get new flights, then sent us on our way. He didn't even tell us where this so-called "rebooking line" is. As I look back, I feel a bit better seeing that Prim's plane has moved away from the jet bridge and is being de-iced. If I have to be stuck in this airport for who knows how long, I at least want her to get to her interview. I make a mental note to check later and see if her flight actually takes off. I'm kind of regretting this trip now that I'm stuck. It was a spur-of-the-moment decision – I was already coming here for a work meeting, so Prim and I decided to tack on a girl's weekend at a nearby spa. This part of the country is beautiful in winter, mountainous and snow-covered. So different from home. Lovely to visit, but it is definitely not lovely to be caught here when all of that beautiful snow is actually falling. Looking down the concourse, I spot what must be the rebooking line. I can't think of any other reason why hundreds of people would be standing there. Sighing, I drag myself and my suitcase towards the line. As my heels click on the tile floor, I'm reminded that I'm still wearing the uncomfortable suit I brought for my meeting. There is no way I'm leaving my work clothes on for this ordeal. Making a mental inventory of my suitcase, I groan as I remember that I stuffed most of my clothes into Prim's bag. The only comfortable clothes I have with me are my pajamas. They'll have to do. I'll change as soon as I get rebooked on another flight. Pulling up to the end of the miles-long line, I pull out my phone and start tapping out a quick email to my boss, letting him know I won't be in the office tomorrow. Thank goodness I have my laptop with me – I'll just find a quiet corner and work from the airport tomorrow until my flight home. Please let my flight home be tomorrow! I don't even want to entertain the thought of being stuck here longer. I'm staring into the distance thinking about the work I want to accomplish the next day when I feel an insistent tapping on my shoulder. I look up, narrowing my eyes in confusion as I meet the gaze of the smiling blonde man standing behind me. What could he possibly have to smile about? I'm irritable right now, and seeing someone smile annoys me. He laughs. "You were really off in your own world! I've been trying to get your attention for a few minutes now." I roll my eyes. I'm sure he has. "Do you think we're going to be stuck in the airport all night?" I'm not sure why he's asking me this. Up and down the concourse, I can see people camped out on the floor, lying on backpacks and rolled-up jackets. It looks like a refugee camp or something. I assume if there were hotels available, no one would be voluntarily sleeping on the airport floor. "I think so, but I don't know any more than you," I respond quickly and pretend to be engrossed in emails on my phone. I don't like chatty strangers. Minutes pass, or maybe hours. Who knows? I've lost track of all time in my utter boredom, and my feet are killing me from standing so long in these shoes. I shift back and forth uncomfortably from foot to foot. I've moved maybe ten feet since I got in this line. "You ok?" the man behind me asks. "I'm fine," I reply quickly and turn around so my back is facing him. "You don't look fine," he persists, angling to my side. "You haven't stopped scowling since you got here." I swear this man is just looking for an excuse to talk. He better not be on my flight, because he seems like one of those people who like to spend the whole flight talking to their seatmates. Whereas I like to put on my iPod and stare silently out the window. Thankfully the odds are good that we aren't both going to the same place. I audibly sigh before I answer. "It's nothing, my feet just hurt." "Take your shoes off," he suggests. "No way. I'm barefoot without them." He nudges my suitcase with his foot. "Don't you have any socks in there?" I do, but that's not the point. I was purposely trying to avoid opening my suitcase with all these people around. You never know what might fall out while you're rooting around. I was planning to take it to the restroom and open it in private once I'm through this line. But he's probably not going to let this go. He thinks he's being helpful . "I can get them later," I state, hoping that ends this line of questioning. It doesn't. "You sure? We're clearly going to be here awhile. Might as well get comfortable," he replies, gesturing at the impromptu camps set up all around us. "Do you want me to hold your backpack while you get in your suitcase?" I tap my foot and stare at my suitcase. I really want to change my shoes, I just don't want to open my suitcase in front of anyone, much less a cute guy. (I will grudgingly admit to myself that this blonde man is really good looking.) Giving in, I set my backpack on the floor in front of me. There's no reason he needs to hold it for me. "No thanks. I've got it," I mumble, avoiding his gaze. Kneeling down on the ground, I unzip my suitcase just enough to slip my arm inside. No way am I going to just flip the top open. I feel around for my sneakers and pull them out, along with a pair of socks. I sit on the floor and exchange my heels for the sneakers, stuffing the heels into the bag. I sigh in relief as I stand up. "You had sneakers in there the whole time? What were we even arguing about?" he teases, giving me a wide smile. "I thought you just didn't want to stand on the floor in socks." He raises his eyebrows at me when he sees me finally smile. "That was worth it, wasn't it? Scowl's gone!" I laugh, I can't help it. I'm feeling so much better. 8:10pm "Alright, Ms. Everdeen, you're rebooked for flight 635 tomorrow at 11:55am. Check the monitors in the morning to find your gate. If anything changes, we'll give you a call." The agent hands me my boarding pass and points out the flight information monitors behind me. "Thank you so much," I reply as I stuff the boarding pass into my backpack. I trudge away from the counter, looking for signs of the nearest restroom. As I make my way down the corridor, I can see that the weather outside still looks pretty bad. Heavy, thick snowflakes are falling steadily. As relieved as I am to be booked on a flight home tomorrow, I know that there's still a good chance that my flight will be cancelled or delayed. The hour or so I spent in line passed a lot more quickly than I thought it would. I spent nearly the entire time talking with the chatty blonde guy. This is not something that quiet and antisocial Katniss usually ever does. I generally can't think of enough things to say – especially with people I don't know well – but somehow this conversation was easy. It was certainly a nice distraction. I found out that he works in his family's bakery and had been on a skiing vacation with some college friends. They had all left before the snow started, so he was alone, like me. He asked me about myself, but I was a bit evasive. I hate talking about myself to strangers. I did tell him about my weekend with Prim and her residency interview, though. That seemed safe. Glancing up, I see that I've reached the restroom and thankfully, it's fairly empty. I wheel my bag into a handicapped stall and lay it on the floor to open it. My pajama pants are bright red and covered in pink stars, but they're so much more comfortable than my slacks. And if I'm going to be sleeping