Summary: What happens when Legolas falls in love with the woman his brother is supposed to marry? Rated M (for sexual content) by Caitie (Arwen & Legolas) Year 2866 Three young Elves ran through the corridors of Elrond's Hall. Two boys, twins, chased a smaller girl, who held a bow. "Arwen! Give it back!" shouted one of the boys. "You'll have to catch me first, Elladan!" she called back. Arwen ran through a doorway leading to a courtyard. She turned her head to look at her older brothers behind her, as she continued to run. They scowled at her as she ran away with Elladan's weapon. But soon their expressions changed to those of warning. "Watch out!" shouted Elrohir as he and Elladan skidded to a stop. Before Arwen could turn her head, she ran into someone. Arwen looked up to see the face of her mother, Celebrian. "Arwen," she said calmly. "Mother," Arwen said. "She stole my bow!" Elladan shouted. But as soon as the words came out of his mouth, he regretted them. "Be calm, Elladan," their mother stated. "Arwen, give him back the weapon. You, and your brothers, need to clean yourselves up." "Why?" asked Elrohir. "Your father has invited King Thranduril to Rivendell to plan an alliance. You need to be on your best behavior. Elrohir, Elladan; that means no teasing your sister. And Arwen, no more stealing your brother's weapons. You must be lady-like." Celebrian scolded. All three children bowed their heads. "Go and get ready now." The children walked off to do as their mother instructed. ..::.. Elrond, Celebrian and their children awaited King Thranduril's arrival. He arrived, with an escort, on a white steed. He dismounted and walked up to Elrond and his family. "Lord Elrond," Thranduril said as he bowed his head politely. "King Thranduril," Elrond said as he did the same. "Come; let us talk in a more private place." Elrond then led the king inside. "It is settled then," said Thranduril. "Your daughter will marry me eldest son in the year 2510 of the third age." "Yes, they shall. And with their marriage, Rivendell and Mirkwood will forever be united." Said Elrond. The two Elves sat across from eachother in a private dining room. A variety of foods laid out before them. Both Thranduril and Elrond picked up their wine goblets. "Yes, we shall." said Thranduril. They tapped their cups together then drank the contents. ..::.. Year 2966 The blade cut through the air, missing its target's neck by an inch. However, it managed to sever a chunk of her long black hair. "You're going to pay for that," warned Arwen. She lunged at her opponent, Elrohir, catching him by surprise and knocking him off his feet. Elrohir did not stay on his back for long, he did a backward somersault. When he got to his feet he lunged for his sister, but she was already on the move. She had crept behind him and quickly held the blade up to his throat. "Do you surrender?" she whispered in his ear. "If I must," Elrohir said. Arwen sheathed her sword. "You've gotten much better." "Of course I have," Arwen stated as she and her brother started to walk away from the practice arena. "Elrohir! Arwen!" The siblings looked up to see their mother walking toward them. "King Thranduril, and his sons, Hadrin and Legolas, are coming to Rivendell. They will arrive sometime this evening." She paused, waiting for some sort of response. When she received none she said, "Go get ready!" ..::.. Arwen's attendant stood in the center of Arwen's room. Arwen walked past her to a changing screen. She removed her training clothes and draped them over the top of the screen. The attendant handed her a thing silk robe which Arwen put on. The two ladies walked into another room, this room contain a large in-ground tub, Arwen shed the robe then walked into the steaming pool. The attendant washed and brushed Arwen's long hair. After that was done, Arwen walked out of the pool and dried off. When she finished drying off, she turned around to see her attendant, who's name was Lynia, with a pale yellow dress draped across her arms. Lynia helped Arwen into the dress, then finished preparing Arwen for their guests. Lynia knew that the King was only coming to inspect Arwen, the future queen. But Arwen, along with her brothers and Thranurils sons, were completely oblivious to the fact ..::.. Elrond, Celebrian, and their three children stood in front of the entrance of the home. They didn't have to wait any longer than a minute before they saw Thranduril and his entourage. When the group, of at least 20, dismounted, they walked over to Elrond and his family. Thranduril bowed his head in respect to Elrond. "Lord Elrond." Elrond did the same while saying, "King Thranduril. Welcome to Rivendell. May I present to you my wife, Celebrian, daughter of Celeborn; my two sons, Elladan and Elrohir; and lastly my daughter, Arwen." Thranduril walked over to Arwen and took her. He raised it to his lips and kissed. "It is a pleasure to meet you," he said eloquently. "These are my sons, Hadrin and Legolas." He gestured to each one as he said their names. Each son, in turn, took Arwen's hand and kissed it." 'Come, let us go inside and eat," announced Elrond, for a feast had been prepared for the King's arrival. The main conversations that took place was one about the future of Middle Earth. And only Elrond and Thranduril took part in it. The sons, on rare occasion, talked about warfare and weapons, Arwen was left to talk to her mother. When the meal was over, everyone retreated to their quarters. ..::.. Arwen had not been alone in her room for longer than a minute when someone knocked at her door. She opened the door, there stood her brother, Elrohir. She gestured for him to come in. The siblings sat across from each other on Arwen's bed. After a short moment of silence, Elrohir spoke. "Why do you think is King Thranduril here?" "I don't know. Why was he here last time?" "Him and Father talked about forming an alliance." "Maybe Mirkwood is in danger," Arwen suggested. "I don't think so, we would have heard something about it." "True," Arwen stated.. "A personal matter, then?" "I suppose," said Elrohir. They were silent for a few minutes, each thinking why the King was here. Neither of them came up with betrothal. "Tomorrow morning, Legolas, Hadrin, Elladan and I are going to train. You should join us." Elrohir said as he stood up from the bed. "Mother and Father would never allow it. I must be lady-like." She replied. "True. When Mother watched you fight, she cringes every time you take a hit or give one." The siblings laughed. "I should go." ..::.. Morning came and the two families again congregated in the dining hall for another meal. After the meal, Thranduril, Elrond, and Celebrian talked in private; the boys went off to train, and Arwen went off on her own. Legolas and Elrohir were the last to leave the training arena. As they left the weapons shed, Legolas noticed a long curved blade. "Who uses this?" he asked. "That Arwen's blade, Hadafang ." Elrohir answered. "Your sister fights?" "Yes, she's quite good." "Then why did she not fight just now?" "Our mother discourages Arwen from fighting." "If Lady Celebrian did not know, would your sister fight?" Legolas asked curiously. "Most likely. Why do you ask?" "I want to see her fight," Legolas stated plainly. "Then we must find her. ..::.. Elrohir and Legolas ran through Elrond's Hall looking for Arwen, but she was nowhere to be found. They went to the stables and found that Asfaloth, her horse, was still in it's stall. After searching every room, the stable, and the practice arena, Elrohir suggested checking the courtyards. Sure enough, there she was, sitting on a stone bench reading. Elrohir and Legolas walked up behind her; Arwen spun around and grabbed him around the neck. "Elrohir," she said as she released him. "What are you doing?" She narrowed her eyes. "Mother and Father are still with King Thranduril," Elrohir stated. "And you're telling me this, why?" "Because, I know you. And I know you want to fight." "Mother would never allow it." "Yes, but as I just pointed out, she's indisposed." "You want to lose for a second time this week?" "No!" Elrohir shouted. "You would be fighting a new opponent. Legolas" Arwen looked over at Legolas who stood calmly behind Elrohir. His hands were clasped behind his back as he watched her. "Will you fight?" asked Elrohir. Both young men looked hopefully at Arwen. ..::.. Legolas and Arwen stood across from each other in the practice arena. Each had one sword, no other weapons. Arwen had changed from her green dress to her training clothes. "Alright, only one rule: do not let Celebrian find out about this." Elrohir told the two Elves. Leaned over to Legolas he whispered, "Don't go to hard on her." Legolas lunged towards Arwen's left, she blocked it easily. With Legolas now behind her, she spun quickly to find he was gone. She spun again to find him three feet in front of her. Sword pointed at her throat. "Drop Your sword," Legolas commanded. Arwen did nothing, just smiled. Legolas looked at her puzzled. Arwen swiftly dropped down and swept her leg behind Legolas' legs, causing him to fall. Quickly, Arwen put her knee on his chest, holding him down, and held her sword to his throat. "Do you surrender?" She asked. Right as Legolas began to answer her, Celebrian burst through the crowd. "Arwen!" All heads turned to Lady Celebrian. "Stand up and dispose of that weapon!" she commanded. Arwen and Legolas quickly stood and dropped their swords. "You, Arwen, are coming with me. And you, Legolas, why would you agree to fight a lady?" Elrohir and Hadrin snickered as Legolas fumbled for words. "Elrohir! You are not innocent in this matter! I know it was you who arranged this bout! Your father shall be hearing about this!" Celebrian then grabbed Arwen's hand and whisked her away. ..::.. It had been three days since the bout and Arwen was only seen at meals. Her mother had confined her to her room for most of the day. And when she was allowed to leave her room, she had to be silent. Legolas and Elrohir could often be seen sitting on a bench in front of Arwen's balcony, hoping she would talk to them from it, but her doors were never opened. One night, Legolas decided that he would speak to her no matter how much trouble he would get into. Then sun had set hours ago. The Elves residing in Rivendell had all retired for the night. All except one. Legolas crept through the gardens and courtyards. Silently finding his way to Arwen's balcony. Her balcony rested 20 feet above the ground. There were no vines or trellises leading up to the top. There was nothing but the rock that the building was made of for him to use. Legolas took a deep breath, approached the wall, and started to climb. ..::.. Legolas' hand grasped the railing of the balcony. With his next step up, he managed to get his arms over and hoist himself over the railing. Legolas stood in front of the double doors leading into Arwen's room. He straightened his tunic and stood a little straighter before gently knocking in the glass. After standing there for a few minutes, Arwen opened the door. Her hair was tussled, she wore a thin silk robe over her night clothes, and her eyes were half closed. But she looked as beautiful as ever. "Legolas," she said groggily. "What are you doing?" "I came to apologize," he said. "Apologize for what?" "I am the reason that