A Lifetime of Friendship Chapter 1 : Friends stick together She couldn't help but stare as Sirius Black ran his fingers through his hair once more. Her eyes widen, seeing the handsome Gryffindor leaning back in his chair. She quickly began to look over her answers once, pretending that she wasn't staring Sirius, who was sitting in front of her. Professor Flitwick called the time and had them all stop writing with their quills on the desk. Emily watched her parchment roll up and zoom to Professor Flitwick, who was promptly knocked over from the numerous scrolls flying at him at once. She, along with many others of her peers, chuckled at the sight while a few helpful students pulled Flitwick back up to his feet. With a squeaky voice, Flitwick dismissed them. "Emily!" She whirled around, her bag swinging dangerously around her as she rose from her seat. She looked over to her fellow Hufflepuff next to her. Emily felt her face burning, seeing the mischievous smile on her friend's face, glancing in the same direction to see Sirius Black laughing along with James Potter. She ducked her head, adjusting the strap of her bag as she muttered, "Shut up, Adeline." "I didn't say anything." Adeline tossed her wavy blonde hair over her shoulder, flashing another smile at her friend. Emily gently bumped their shoulders together, the two walking out of the Great Hall. Many fifth-years took advantage of their time, soaking up the warm sunlight. Their written exam was over and many were taking a quick break before resuming their strenuous studies for their practical exam after lunch. "It's such a nice day," Emily sighed, looking up at the bright clear sky. "Let's go to the lake, Adeline. The others will probably be there too." "Great, more people can hear how badly I performed on the exam," Adeline groaned, her shoulders slumping as she tossed her head back. "I'm sure you did fine, Adeline," Emily tried to reassure her friend, giving her a smile. "I sat next to Snape. He wrote a foot and half more that I did—and his writing is tiny," Adeline complained. She let out a dramatic sigh, laying down at the edge of the lake, using her bag as a pillow. Emily sat down next to her, taking off her socks and shoes to dip her feet into the cool water. "There you are." Marlene McKinnon dropped her bag next to Adeline, taking the empty space between Emily and Adeline. She, too, dipped her bare feet into the lake, letting out a sigh of relief. "Oh, this is nice." "You should be careful," Lily Evans warned as she sat on the other side of Adeline. "The giant squid might just pull you two into the lake." Marlene scoffed. "Please, the giant squid doesn't care about a couple pairs of feet dipped into the lake. As if it had nothing better to do." "It might think that it's snacks," Adeline told them, her arm still thrown over her eyes. "A couple of first-years were feeding it last weekend." Emily quickly pulled her feet out, eyes wide. "You're joking, right?" "Of course she is," Marlene replied, rolling her eyes. "When was the last time you heard that the giant squid attacked a student? It's Godric Gryffindor, after all." The other three let out a snort at the infamous rumor about the giant squid being Gryffindor's animagus form. "Speaking of Gryffindor," Adeline called out, rolling over to waggle her brows at Emily. "Don't you dare—" "Well, you were staring at him a lot today. Was it because he was leaning back in chair? I never knew your face could turn that shade of red, Emily. I mean, he was practically inches away from you." "Who?" Emily bit her lip, seeing Lily and Marlene looking at her expectantly. Her eyes darted away to avoid their gazes, but the heat of their stares bore into her. She shifted, closing her eyes shut before she whispered quickly, "Siriusblack." "What?" "Emily!" "It's not like I meant for this to happen," she defended herself, hands raised in front of her. She gave a helpless shrug along with an apologetic smile. "It just happened, you know?" "I thought you still liked Remus!" "No," Lily corrected Marlene. "She stopped liking Remus before the winter holidays. Right before Easter, she began to like Mark Davies. But apparently, she has moved onto Sirius Black." "When did this happen?" Marlene demanded, folding her arms. "I don't know," Emily reluctantly admitted. "Maybe it was during Transfiguration when he was helping me vanish the mouse or when he was standing up to the seventh-year Slytherins bullying the first-year Hufflepuff." "But isn't he a bully as well?" Adeline frowned. "He and Potter always tend to pick on Snape and other Slytherins too." "Not everyone is perfect," Emily quickly defended. Marlene laughed, patting Emily on the shoulder. "Oh, you've got it bad, Emily." "I know," she moaned, resting her head on Marlene's shoulders. She closed her eyes, feeling the reassuring pat on her head. "Well," Adeline sighed, pushing herself up into a sitting position. "At least it's not as bad when Emily liked Isaac and—" She let out a shriek, seeing Emily lunge toward her. Adeline quickly rolled away, laughing as Emily shouted after her, "You said that you wouldn't talk about that anymore!" With Adeline out of reach, Emily sat back down next to Marlene again. She caught sight of a group of boys sitting underneath a beech tree. Too easily, she recognized Remus Lupin, bent over his Transfiguration book, intent on continuing his studies. Her eyes lit up at the sight of Sirius sitting next to him, looking haughty and bored but handsome as ever. Spotting him glance in her direction, she quickly looked away, tucking a lock of hair behind her ears. Her gaze flickered over in his direction a few more times, realizing after a moment that the bright glint in the air was a golden snitch. Not to her surprise, James Potter was releasing and catching it with ease, glancing over in Lily's direction to see if she was watching him. "He's staring over here," Emily spoke, hiding a yawn behind her hand. "Who?" Lily asked, leaning over Marlene. "Who else?" Adeline replied, laying her head in Emily's lap. She scowled up at Emily, whose fingers caught a snag in her hair. "That hurt." Lily let out a groan, resting her head on Marlene's shoulder. "Maybe if you two weren't so loud—" "Emily was going to attack me!" Adeline defended herself. "Of course I was going to scream. Don't you know her rank in the Dueling Club? She's one of the top members!" "Maybe you shouldn't have talked about my former crushes." Emily childishly stuck out her tongue at her friend. "Besides, I'm number sixteen out of fifty ranked members, Adeline. I'm not one of the top members. I mean, Ethan's at number twenty and Regulus' at number fifteen." "Regulus?" Adeline asked, her eyes lighting up at the sound of his name. She and Emily often laughed about their crushes being identical twins. Although he and Sirius shared the same handsome features, Regulus liked to keep a proper appearance, his long hair often tied back with a ribbon and his uniform crisp and clean with his tie fastened around his collar. Placed side by side, it wasn't difficult to know which twin was which. "See, you make fun of me whenever I see my crush, but you..." Emily trailed off, giving her best friend a pout as she finished braiding Adeline's hair. She let out a laugh. "But Emily, you have so many former crushes while I only have two." "I know," Emily chuckled, shaking her head. "You're too picky while I just fall in love too fast and I fall out of love just as quickly." "Who else have you liked?" "You're asking the wrong question, Marlene," Adeline grinned, arching her neck so that she was staring at Marlene upside down. "The question you should be asking is, who hasn't she liked?" Emily let out a groan, pushing Adeline off her lap and moving to sit next to Lily while the other two giggled about her former crushes. "You won't be as mean as them, will you, Lily?" "Of course not," Lily replied, giving Emily a sympathetic smile. "I wouldn't be that mean if you tell me who your former crushes were. I want to know too." She gave Lily a good-natured shove, shaking her head at her three friends who had dissolved into giggles. Emily rolled her eyes, wondering why her friends were so mean when a flash of light caught her attention. She turned her head sharply, eyes widening as she saw another spell had the Slytherin falling over. "Lily." Lily immediately turned around and in a flash, was on her feet, marching to save her best friend. The other three watched as Lily attempted to save Severus, only for him to throw a slur into her face. Emily gasped, her hand clamping over her mouth as Marlene let out a few well-chosen swears. Immediately, she was on her feet, her wand grasped tightly in her hand. "I'm going to—" "Snape is Lily's friend," Adeline told her, gesturing to Lily with a nod of her head. They watched as Lily coolly turned away from Severus. "She can handle this." Emily watched as Lily walked away, head held high. She sat in the middle between them, wiping the tears from her cheeks while the others sat next to her in comfort. What could they say to her? Her best friend had just insulted her in front of everyone—even worse, he said it to her face. They all went to dinner together, huddling around the Hufflepuff table as Adeline and Emily took control of the conversation, debating on wizard and Muggle contraptions. Marlene quickly took Adeline's side while Lily slowly defended Emily. "But the pen already has a built-in ink bottle inside of it so we don't have to carry an ink bottle around." "Sure, but do you have Sugar Quills that you can suck on in class without the Professors knowing?" Marlene demanded. "No, but we've got bubblegum in our lollipops so we win, ha!" Emily shouted, slamming her fork on the table. Against the loud chattering in the Great Hall, no one paid attention to them. "Ah, but does your bubblegum last more than an hour?" Adeline asked, raising her brows at the two muggle-borns, giving them both an expectant look. "Do you have a container that keeps your drinks hot?" Lily shot back. The four argued back and forth, even as they were walking out of the Great Hall. Adeline, seeing Lily's expression, stopped in mid-argument and reached out to clasp her hand. "Hey, you know you can always stay with us in the Hufflepuff Common Room if you don't feel comfortable, Lily," Adeline told her quietly. "Marlene will join too." "Yeah, we have these alcoves and—" "Thanks, but I'll be fine," Lily told them with a soft smile. She gave both Emily and Adeline a warm hug before she'd headed off to the Gryffindor Tower with Marlene. The two watched them leave before they continued their trek down the corridor, past the kitchens to the Hufflepuff Common Room. "Are you heading to the library?" Adeline asked as she and Emily both dropped off their bags next to their beds. "Actually, I have Dueling practice," Emily explained, tossing her robe onto her bed. She began pulling out a black notebook from her stand before rummaging through her bag for a self-inked quill she had been carrying around earlier. "Oh, okay. I'll see you back in the Common Room later then. I think I'll start studying for Divinations," Adeline told her, walking out of the dormitory. Emily made her way to the seventh floor, her notebook tucked underneath her hand. Spotting the club door already opened, Emily peeked inside to find Isaac Westwick