What if Percy defeated Kronos but with a price. Annabeth. Rated T Warning: Might be sappy Pertemis I don't own PJO Romance Percy was angry. He watched as Annabeth was smacked across the room by Kronos. He was even about to admit that he really liked her. "Annabeth!" Percy screamed. He felt like his organs had been ripped out and stuffed in in different places. Then he did the most stupid thing he could think of: He charged the Titan King. While he was charging water started to form around him. Eventually he was a 30 ft tall 16 year old. Weird right. Percy started to land blow after blow on the Titan King. Soon Percy had him trapped in a cocoon of water. "You can not do this to me, I am the Titan King!" Kronos bellowed. Percy started making the water squeeze around him, suffocating the Titan Kronos. Kronos kept struggling. Kronos slashed at Percy, but Percy ducked under the hit. Soon Percy had him cornered. Their weapons were in a X position. Percy was strong, but Kronos was stronger. Kronos pushed him back and Percy stumbled. Kronos was about to deliver a strong blow, maybe the final, even with his Achilles' Curse, when he evaporated in a blast of fire. Where Kronos once stood now stood Hestia. "No one touches my nephew," Hestia said calmly though she looked ready to defeat the Titans by herself. "Thank you Lady Hestia," Percy said as he bowed quickly. Percy then remembered Annabeth. He ran over to Annabeth and checked her pulse. It was gone. Percy felt like he had his heart ripped out. It couldn't be. It just couldn't. But it was true. Annabeth was dead. Then the gods came in and looked ready to battle. They looked around until they saw Percy over Annabeth's dead body. "Percy, what happened?" Percy's father, Poseidon said. Poseidon looked around and didn't see Kronos. "We need a shroud, for the son of Hermes, and the daughter Athena. They will always be remembered as the Heroes of Olympus," Percy stated. "Percy Jackson!" Poseidon boomed. Poseidon's eyes shone with pride. It even looked like his clothes shone. Yeah. I walked to Zeus' throne and bowed. I then walked over to my father's throne and knelt. I wonder what my reward would be? Tyson got a spiked club and became General of Olympus' army's. Grover became one of the Cloven Elders. Malcolm, her brother, became the Architect of Olympus. "Does anyone think my son is not deserving?" Poseidon asked. No one besides Athena and Ares raised their hands. Poseidon's eyes narrowed at the ones that raised their hands before Zeus spoke, "Perseus Achilles Jackson, we offer you any gift." "Any gift?" Percy questioned. Zeus let out a heavy sigh. He looked like he didn't want to say something but had to. "Yes. Any gift. We know what you will ask for. If you want to, you can become a god," Zeus said disappointingly. He probably didn't want Percy to become a god. Percy was shocked. A god? As Percy looked around he saw Grover looking at him in awe. Tyson looking at him sadly. Malcolm probably thought Percy was going to become a god. In fact they all probably thought he was going to become a god. Percy then thought about all the unclaimed campers. So many of them were from the Hermes Cabin. He knew my decision. "No," Percy said. As Percy looked around he saw everyone looking at him in shock. All though Tyson looked at him in happiness. "Wha-wa why? Zeus stammered. Zeus definitely thought he would have chose being a god over a demigod. "Because, Lord Zeus, I don't want to use my wish for my own selfish needs," Percy answered truthfully. "All I wish for is partial immortality, kinda like the Hunters of Artemis. I also wish for there to be cabins for the minor gods at Camp Half-Blood too. Finally I wish for every kid to be claimed at the age of 13," Percy also said. "Very well," Zeus stated still in shock about Percy not wanting to become a god. Zeus thought everyone would want to be a god. Artemis and her hunters were hunting some rogue monsters from the Titan War when they came into a clearing. In the clearing sat Perseus with his eyes closed. He soon started singing. Hey my name's Percy I was kicked out of six schools Guess I didn't follow the rules Got a horrible step-father He didn't really bother Got no brother Have no father I learn I get to go to the beach After all it's not hard to reach I ask my mom who my father is She says he's pretty handsome I'd say he pretty ransom I see a bull Or is it a man I've set a goal I wish they could ban They say I'm the one What do they mean Why would I need a gun I don't know what i've seen I was blamed I capture a flag I was claimed I carry my bag I get a quest I'm scared I won't be the best I wared I chose Chase and Grover It's gonna be a race and over We don't got a mace Grover got a base Train skids off of tracks Someone was furious Annabeth sees their back Is there a mood called berious I see an emporium It not glory or dumb I see snakes Do they bake I see a monster I need some water I jump off the edge Or is it a ledge I meet a god Why he got no lodge I need a scarf I wanna barf We see animals There isn't random bull I fight Crusty He's pretty rusty I free my friends We turn a bend We go into DOA I see a baby We go into an elevator I want a rater We meet Hades I don't want rabies I free my mom Ares might dom I meet my dad Uncle is mad The hunters stared at Percy. He may be a male but he at least had a good voice. The lyrics were kinda weird though. Hades and rabies? Suddenly Percy was shocked with a small bolt of electricity. Percy yelped loudly and brought of Riptide. Once he saw the hunters he lowered his sword a bit. "My lady," Percy said. He bowed then looked panicked. " I must be taking my leave. My father is under attack by Oceanus," he said then disappeared in mist. "Well that was weird," Thalia stated. We all agreed. Then Artemis panicked. Poseidon was under attack? Why would Oceanus attack now that Kronos was defeated? When Percy bowed to Artemis he heard a voice in his head. He recognized it as his father's voice. " Percy, please come quickly. Make up a believable excuse," Poseidon sounded urgent like it was bad. Like, god level bad. Percy then said that Oceanus was attacking his dad. Percy Vapor Traveled to Atlantis and saw his dad and Lady Hestia. "Percy, we know of all your great deeds you have done for Olympus-" Poseidon was cut of by Hestia. "So I would like you to become my champion, you would go around bringing campers to Camp Half-Blood. You would disappear from everyone." Hestia finished. She sounded very happy at the prospect of having a champion. Percy was stunned. This was the first time Hestia had a champion. He thought about his life. How would his friends react? How would his mom react? As if reading his mind, which she probably had, she said " You would also disappear from your family. We would say you died. Only Poseidon and I would know you were alive." Percy thought about. His mom would cry in sorrow while most of camp would be extremely sad. Then again he would get to rescue multiple half-bloods. Half-bloods just like him. Half-Bloods being chased by monsters out for blood. He knew his choice as he didn't want another minotaur incident to happen. "Yes, I accept Lady Hestia. It would be an honor to be your champion," Percy said bowing. Then a thought came up in his head: "Why do I have to 'die'," He asked putting quotation marks around die. "Others would be jealous," Poseidon replied simply like someone asked why they had to die everyday. "Also, Perseus, you get powers over fire. You can use the hearth to heal as well. You can also summon homecooked meals," Hestia said. She then proceeded to touch Percy's forehead with an orange glow on her fingers. Percy felt warmth spread throughout my body as he seemed to emit an orange aura. It was calming yet powerful. "Thank you, it was very kind of you Lady Hestia," Percy said kindly. He was grateful for the gift of the hearth. Hmm, that had a good ring to it. Gift of the hearth. "Now, you will start your adventures, my son," Poseidon started, "There are three half-bloods on the run. Coincidentally, they are a daughter of Zeus, a daughter of Athena, and a son of Hermes. Sound familiar?" he finished. Percy knew why they sounded familiar. They sounded like Thalia, Luke, and her. Tears started leaking down my face. He tried not to think about her. Soon one of them (he don't know which) teleported me to a clearing in a forest. The trees seemed like they tried to cover the sun. They were leaning in to the clearing. Percy noticed he had a hood on as well. Percy didn't know till a voice in his head said, " Just wait, my champion." Percy recognized the voice as Hestia. He waited a long time. He waited about an hour until he heard a rustle in the bushes. He took out his pen and was itching to uncap it. Soon three people came out of the bushes. They each looked to be about 10 years old. One had sandy blonde hair and amber eyes. He looked like he just came from a war. Scratches covered his body. The others had black hair. One had electric blue eyes while the other had dark grey. They too had scratches on their bony figure. Following behind them were seven hellhounds, the minotaur, one drakon, about 40 dracaena. "Here we go again," Percy muttered, looking at the minotaur. How did the minotaur reform so quickly? Anyway, Percy soon started to charge them. He threw a ball of greek fire in the horde of monsters. It disintegrated multiple dracaena and a hell hound. He started slashing everything around him. Soon he got to the drakon. The drakon opened its mouth to breath fire but didn't get the chance to as Percy stabbed Riptide down its mouth. He soon killed every monster until just the minotaur remained. He charged the minotaur. He ducked as the minotaur swung his ax with immense force. He then wasted no time in stabbing Riptide in the minotaur's back. It soon disintegrated into golden dust. As Percy looked around, he saw the children looking at him in fear. He shivered as he looked at the daughter of Athena. She looked just like her but younger. Well, okay, the daughter of Athena had black hair instead of blond. All three of them reminded him of the trio containing, her , Luke, and Thalia. As Percy walked over to them, he drew his aura back, so it wasn't as powerful. After all, you were sure to have a strong aura having Poseidon as his father and Hestia as his patron. For a while, Percy talked to them. He introduced himself as Blaze. He learned that the son of Hermes' name was Kyle, the daughter of Athena's name was Naomi, while the daughter of Zeus' name was Thalki. He talked to them until he realized that that it was almost dark. "Ok, hey guys, what do you want to eat. It can be anything you want,"