In the Light of the Red Dawn Chapter 1 The circumstance under which she arrived at the inn was anything but pleasant. Just one glimpse at her was enough to tell that she was furious. As she threw the door open to enter into a wooden building, a silence fell upon the merry men inside. Her steel gray eyes took a cursory glance around the tavern before she walked slowly forward to speak to the innkeeper. Gradually the noise level returned to its normal boisterousness as the mortals lost interest in the newcomer. They took no notice of the animal at her side, a wolf that could be mistaken for a common dog if one wasn't looking hard enough. As she approached, the innkeeper hid his unease at her presence with a smile. "Good evening," he said with as much cheerfulness as he could muster. "Welcome to the Snapping Turtle, my name is Boniface. What can I get for you tonight? We have every type of drink from your heady ale to your delicate red and white wines, if that tickles your fancy." "One room, one night," the stranger replied stiffly, ignoring his invitation for her to drink. The poison in the alcohol wouldn't affect her anyway. Boniface's smile became one of relief; he didn't want anyone to stir up trouble and though this guest's ears were pointed and she held a delicate air about her that indicated she was an elf, she didn't look to be as peaceful as the stories of the elves from Rivendell he'd heard. Being that the inn was located in an outpost built next to one of the many trails stretching across Eriador and on toward the hidden elven city, many of the elves used to travel that way. His family had lived there long enough to know of some of these elves. "Alright, that will be three silver, if that's all that you want," he informed the she-elf. The elf nodded and tossed the coins onto the counter carelessly. The innkeeper replaced the coins with a key and motioned to the back of the room where a staircase led to the upper level of the building. "Your room is up those stairs and to the left, third door." The elf grabbed the key and nodded stiffly. She moved to the back of the room to follow Boniface's directions, her wolf remaining loyally at her side. In the furthermost part of the tavern she passed by a solitary man, his face obscured by the shadow that his hood cast over his eyes. She took no heed of him, even as his eyes followed her until she had disappeared. Once in her assigned room she pulled off her cape and threw it onto the bed with a small scowl. "No matter how many times I reside in a human's quarters I will never get used to the pungent odor or the closeness of the barren walls," she snarled. "Well, it is the penalty of departing from our home, is it not?" a deep voice asked her. She turned to the black wolf who was sitting just inside the door with a smug look on its face. "If you do not have anything helpful to say, Ishta, then don't open your drooling mouth," the elf snapped irritably before she began to familiarize herself with the surroundings. Ishta only chuckled with a toothy grin toward her partner. "You have begun to sound exquisitely like your father, Lorelei," she countered. Lorelei paused in her inspection of the room and turned to glare at the wolf. Calm, purple eyes met her own steel gaze and for a time they stared at each other in a silent battle of wills, until Lorelei turned away with another scowl. "That might be so, but at the least I do not call for valor while I hide away in my throne room and give encouragement from afar," she mumbled under her breath. Her father was the last creature on Middle-Earth she wanted to be compared to. "I still think you're judging him too harshly for what he's done," Ishta said, now serious. "He only seeks to-" "Ishta, if you finish that sentence I will make ready my blade and silence you myself," Lorelei interrupted. "If he worries so much for my well being then he should not have raised me with the desire to protect my people. There isn't a day in which I would stand by and watch someone take the life of a child, and if my father imagines it will threaten my people then he is mistaken . The humans have conjured up enough superstitions to keep any threats away from our forest. Stepping out for a moment to end something that should never have been started isn't going to incite a mob of livid farmers with pitchforks to burn down the trees of our forest." "Do you really believe it is that which troubles him?" Ishta asked with a note of disbelief in her voice. "It is one of the reasons," Lorelei grumbled under her breath as she turned and flopped on the small twin bed pushed against the back wall, her face pressing into the pillow. Ishta looked at the girl and sighed. Though they were the same age, Lorelei did not have the maturity that Ishta did when it came to her father and Ishta often needed to look out for her. The only problem was that the stubborn elf wouldn't listen to a word she said unless she agreed with her opinion. It wasn't the way they normally worked, and it often frustrated Ishta. Lorelei was one of the smartest, most cunning elves that Ishta had come across. She could talk her way out of many bad situations and she handled the matters of her people with gentle, compassionate words. The two of them worked well together and Ishta couldn't have asked for a better partner. All of that wisdom was lost, however, as soon as Lorelei's father came up to subject. "Lorelei," Ishta finally said. When the elf didn't answer, the wolf stood and trotted over to the bed. She grabbed hold of the end of Lorelei's braided light brown hair and tugged on it lightly. She said again, "Lorelei." A sigh came from the elf and she turned to look at her companion with a raised eyebrow. "However long you run you will have to return and attend to the matter at some point," Ishta said. Lorelei huffed and sat up with frustration. "I do imagine I've made clear, I am not returning. If that is your wish then go ." Ishta narrowed her eyes as she stamped a paw on the wooden floor of the room. "You know very well that can't happen." "Then stop pestering me about it," Lorelei insisted and swung her legs over the edge of the mattress. Ishta side-stepped the she-elf as she stood and walked toward the door. "Where are you going?" Ishta barked. "To get a drink and hopefully drown out the sound of your nagging whines," Lorelei said harshly. She opened the door and shut it harder than she intended once she was outside, causing Ishta to flinch a little. It was rare that the two had fights and even rarer that Lorelei got so worked up, but the damage was just too deep. What her father had said and done hurt Lorelei enough to sour her normal quirky attitude for three weeks: the length of their travels outside of their home, a forest called Narmo Rilli that rested just north of Rivendell on the base of the Misty Mountains. Ishta took a deep breath and sighed. Oh, how she longed for the days when Lorelei hadn't any reason to be hurt or angry. She had always been so uplifting and fun to be around that Ishta used to think nothing would ever dampen her spirits. That wasn't the case anymore. She just hoped that the men downstairs knew well enough to mind their own business; there was no telling what Lorelei would do in her state if she was provoked too far. Lorelei hadn't realized that she wasn't wearing her cape until she was already halfway down the flight of stairs leading to the bottom floor of the tavern. By then she didn't have the motivation to turn around and get it, despite the fact that without her cape all of her weapons were on display for the humans to see. If they hadn't thought she was menacing before, when they saw all of the blades she carried they most certainly would be, at the very least, suspicious. She had a pair of dual swords strapped to her hips that were a cross between elvish and human make. Instead of being curved and elegant like a normal elvish blade, they were shaped in the same way a human's sword would be, although not quite as hefty. The design was thin and caused the blades to cut through the air much quicker than a knight's sword, however it was also strong and meant to deal more powerful blows than simply clean cuts like an elvish weapon. Aside from that, she had a dagger strapped to her right thigh, as well as an almost countless amount of throwing knives and arrows, with which she used to hunt. Her bow was secured around her shoulders. All in all, she had maybe fourteen blades on her person, merely because in a battle she rarely had time to retrieve her weapons if she had to throw them. It could be seen as paranoia, and it probably was, however she found no reason not to have so many weapons. The more the merrier. When she reached the bottom level of the building she did her best to remain unseen. She chose a seat at the very edge of the bar, where no one was within a five foot radius. It couldn't get much better than that, the tavern was crowded being that it was the only one around for miles on end, and the road it was on was pretty popular. The bar tender noticed her a few moments after she was seated and walked to stand in front of her. "What do you want?" he asked, not stiff but not exactly friendly either. Lorelei chose to ignore his tone. "Your strongest," she replied simply. The bar tender raised an eyebrow before he turned around to fetch the purest ale kept in the tavern. He might not have been an expert on elves since they hadn't entered the land for near ten decades, however from what he'd heard it was unlike most elves to consume alcohol made by humans. It was his job to ask questions, but this was one such time he wouldn't. It was obvious there was something on the elf's mind and that was all he really needed to know. He served up the drink and the elf took it with a small huff. She drank slowly, not bothering say anything further although the barkeep was watching her over his shoulder as he catered to the other guests. A while later he made his way over to her again. "So what's your name?" he asked when she was about halfway done with the drink. Lorelei paused a moment to look into the thick brew and lick her cracked lips before she responded. "Lorelei," she said softly, "of Narmo Rilli." "Narmo Rilli?" the bartender asked with a furrowed brow. He had never heard of that kingdom, if it was a kingdom. Although, that wasn't saying much since his knowledge of the elves was very limited. Lorelei rolled her eyes and took another swig of the ale before responding. "It is better known to humans as Wolfwood." The reaction she got was exactly as she expected. The bartender paled and did not speak for a long while before he nodded and slowly turned to continue with his job after he