Hi All - So as I have many ideas, I'm going to put them in a series of one-shots. Then I came up with this other idea while reading a fanfic by ozhawk? Is that their name? There was an author who came up with these ideas of soulmate bonding and I decided that I too would like to write some stories like that. So, I like to credit the author for this idea, because it's brilliant. I don't know how to proceed from here. I will be crediting the author in every chapter but if there is anything else I am supposed to do, please let me know. don't want to get on anybody's bad side. Accidently did that a long time ago and it caused all sorts of problems. I am taking requests. I need pairing ideas. So anybody from the harry potter world to be paired with another from the same world or another world. I like femHarrys and if you want, give me a name, your name and you can be a Potter for a chapter, or another character...but that's the idea. I still have some of my ideas to publish and post, but when I've finished, I'll get started. So I own nothing but the stories. All Characters belong to JK Rowling and the creators of whatever fandom I'm using. In this chapter, it is the Hawaii Five-0 (2010 SERIES...Alex O'Laughlin is gorgeous and Australian!)... Happy Reading! Title – Once Upon A One-Shot Plot – Soulmate bonding/pairings within JK Rowling's Wizarding Universe. Rules are - Pairings with one character from either universe that pairs up with another person from either that universe or another. As I have so many ideas and stories, I decided to change them into one shots and see if they are worth continuing. So pairing a femHarry or Hermione from another character either in the universe or another universe – femHarry/Tony Stark as an example… Pairings - Many…Mostly Harry Potter Universe crossover with another. Title – Breathe In Now Universe – Hawaii Five-0 Pairings – (FemHarry)/Steve McGarrett Face-Claim for Dr Elena Potter - Katie McGrath This was pointless…I couldn't believe I was doing this. I had a job, a perfectly wonderful and reasonable job as a profiler, magical enforcer and operational psychologist in a joint program between the MI6 and the Ministry of Magic but no, my boss had decided he wanted to a MI6/Magical liaison with American police task force, and not with just any task force. Oh no, this little liaison-whatever-the-bloody-hell-this-is with another police task force was the smallest of its kind, located in on the tropical islands of Hawaii and it was called Five-0. Apparently the newly elected Governor of Hawaii was old friends with my idiotic bastard of a boss and when the Governor called up his old friend needing a new profiler that had the same qualifications as the previous liaison that was on Five-0, my boss, Derek, suggested me. And so, here I was, leaning against my Ford Mustang that I had forced Derek to ship over from the UK along with myself, Hermione, her daughter Ronnie and all our possessions. I had reluctantly agreed, after many tantrums and conversations with Hermione but we had agreed, thinking that maybe a change was needed. It has been nearly twelve years since the battle of Hogwarts and while we had stayed in England, as the place contained the only memories we had of our family, of Ron and the rest of the Weasley clan, but we needed space. We had wanted a life away from it all. The defeat of Voldemort told us it was a victory, but it also told us what we lost. Among the ashes buried in the grounds of Hogwarts, were our fallen friends, including Ron, who had bravely died protecting his soulmate, Hermione, who had been 3 months pregnant with their daughter, Ronnie. Ron and Hermione were destined from the day they had met, speaking the words that were written on Hermione's wrist, and Ron's chest. Of course, their pathway to their love took a little longer as the two of them loved to fight, but it was inevitable. They were made for each other. My words however, were written in a tiny and messy script just above my hip bone, and said the words, "Uh, Sorry Ma'am…After you, of course..." Like honestly, anybody with manners and charm can say those words and while they have been a few times that someone has said those very words, it was tough to figure out who. But I hoped that one day, the next person who said those words would be my soulmate. It was strange, the words of a soulmate appearing on your skin and that's the person you spend the rest of your days with. Nobody knew how the words appeared or how fate worked when it came to soulmate bonding and words, but almost everyone I knew had words written on them somewhere on their bodies. Although I had no soulmate to spend my life with, I really had made a good life for myself, applying to university and studying my degree in psychology and then gaining my masters and doctorate in the subject. It was a difficult process, as I had spent most of my schooling life at Hogwarts, but the help of Kingsley and McGonagall, both Hermione and I had been able to apply for university and I had been able to do my degrees and masters. I had started working as a profiler/magical enforcer during my years of studying and then was asked to apply for MI6, to be a part of a joint task force between the magical community and MI6. It seemed that all law enforcements now knew about the wizarding, considering the mass deaths and clean-up that the Battle had needed. Hermione had Ronnie, a daughter that looked exactly like her, but had the personality of Ron. It was a shock, considering the timing and the fact that Ron had perished in the battle but it was a very welcomed gift. About six months after the battle and while I was in my first year of studying psychology, Rowena Elena Weasley was born and we nicknamed her Ronnie. She was named after Ron, in a way, and after me. I was also named godmother to Ronnie, and her guardian as Hermione was a single mother. Hermione made a good life for herself too. After Ronnie's birth, she enrolled into university and studied teaching, aiming to teach young children in primary schools. As Ronnie got older and was in pre-school, Hermione had time on her hands and so went back to become a qualified middle and high school teacher, specialising in English and History. Ronnie, however, was smarter and brave like her parents. She had excelled in primary school and on her eleventh birthday, she was accepted into Hogwarts. She had nearly completed her first year, until I got the work offer and thanks to McGonagall, she had completed her studies at Hogwarts and was soon starting her second year at the American wizarding school. Hermione was sad that Ronnie would not be attending Hogwarts, but perhaps it was a good thing. I sighed, shaking my head of memories and fixing my black belt up. I was wearing a beige pencil skirt, with a white buttoned blouse that had sleeves that went to my elbows. I had on a pair of sleek black Jimmy Chu heels and my hair was up in a messy bun, despite the fact that I had brushed it a million times and it still was as unruly as it was before I brushed it. I pulled my sunglasses up, so that they were resting on top of my head and I scanned the building before me. I had opted to wear contacts today, as I didn't know what to expect during my meeting with the Governor and I kept my black oval shaped glasses in my bag. I had on a pair of black studs, a sliver bracelet and on my middle finger on my right hand, was my enchanted copper spiralled ring with an emerald stone. My ring was enchanted, allowing me to work around electrical gadgets, as magic tend to go haywire around anything that involved technology. Strapped to my harness against my thigh, was my holly and phoenix feather wand, with my skirt to cover it. Sighing, I held on to my black handbag, clutching it to my side as I walked towards the front entrance of the Governor's building, which happened to be located in the middle of the city Honolulu. As I made my way to the double doors, I reached out for the handle only to be stopped by another more masculine hand and I looked up, staring into a pair of blue eyes. The eyes belonged to a handsome man, whose face was squared and defined and had stubble along his cheeks, and short brown hair. His body was masculine, and dressed in a pair of black pants, combat boots and a dark navy polo shirt with an unbuttoned navy blue dressed shirt and a badge and gun in its holster on his belt. Apart from looking like a cop, he also screamed military, like someone who was in the Navy. If I had to guess, by the size of him and the way he stood, he was a former SEAL, and he had a story. " Uh, sorry Ma'am…After you, of course ." He said, his voice deep. I froze, hearing those words and I nodded, giving him a smile. Those words, ones I had heard of before, were spoken from him and I felt my heart flutter a little, wondering if I should say something. But he spoke again, opening the door and holding it open. "Really, I insist." I nodded at him and walked into the building. I heard him close the door and follow after me. I had no clue where I was going, and so I just walked down the corridors, taking in the sight of the massive building and trying not to give into the temptation to look him. I decided not to speak to him, as I wasn't sure if I was ready to test and see if he was my soulmate. Not that he wasn't bad looking, but if he was, it could change my life. I kept walking, hoping to find another person there to talk to. To my luck, there was a woman sitting behind a large marble desk and I walked to her, giving her my best smile. "Good day…I'm Dr Elena Potter. I am here to see Governor Denning?" I spoke. The receptionist nodded. "Of course Dr Potter…Please take a seat. The governor will be with you shortly. And the same goes for you Commander." "Thanks Nellie…What does he want me this time?" the man behind me asked as I walked over to the seats near the window and sat down. It was a couch, with a coffee table and another couch in front. "You'll see Commander." The receptionist, Nellie, replied. So, the man really was in the military. Commander…looks like one. The said Commander took a seat in the couch opposite me and picked up the magazine that was placed on the coffee table in between us. The lobby, or waiting area as some may call it, was modest, with tall windows, chairs, desks and various pot plants scattered about. I then decided to give in, and strike up a conversation with my potential soulmate, but he seemed invested in the magazine he was reading. I then had to cringe as the sounds of 'Ignition' by R. Kelly suddenly burst through my bag and I sighed. I really needed to get Ronnie to change the ring tone of my phone. I pulled out my iPhone and looked at the screen. It was Hermione calling me from our new house phone in