Safe by being his Daughter Author: FelesMagica Disclaimer : I don't own Harry Potter or any of these characters (they belong to J. K. Rowling), nor the idea of Harry being the heir of Voldemort or Harry becoming a girl. I don't know who owns them, to say I'm sorry for borrowing them. If I would know, I would ask. However, I do own my plot. Summary: After having been kidnapped by Death Eaters, Harry Potter is offered a unique opportunity: to die or to become someone else. But could a new life that would be dictated by his archenemy even be something worth considering? And could death truly be so much worse? Harry has to find out what he wants to do with his life and time is not on his side. Genre: Drama / Romance Warnings: This story may contain some swearing. Furthermore, it contains intelligent, independent Harry, not so nice Dumbledore, several dead characters, friendlier but not nice Death Eaters and Voldemort, a gender change and some minor bashings. In later chapters original characters will appear and play an important role. If you don't like any of that, then please don't read further. 1. Demonstrating Perfectionism Out of nowhere the Death Eaters attacked them. It had been a shock to all of them, nothing had prepared them for that possibility. In the middle of the night a loud signal had shrilled through the former quiet of and shook them from their peaceful sleep. During the welcoming feast Headmaster Snape – it still felt rather fool on his mouth having to address the bastard with that title when it would forever be associated with the face of person of Albus Dumbledore – had informed them that in the case of acute and utmost danger this signal would alert them. Should they ever hear this sound, they were to leave their classrooms, common rooms, dormitories or wherever they currently were and gather themselves in the Great Hall. There they would receive more the necessary information and further tasks, depending on the situation and danger at hand. Some had laughed about this measure going so far as to joke about it. Most of those who laughed and rolled their eyes thought the measure useless. Others, however, were rather happy about the new safety system the school was provided with. There were after all several known or suspected Death Eaters teaching at Hogwarts at the moment. The Alecto siblings had been appointed the task of teaching Dark Arts and Defence Against the Dark Arts whereas Professor Snape had even been made Headmaster. If those three thought it prudent to use this signal system then it probably was. It had been strange returning to Hogwarts knowing full well that Dumbledore their former symbol of hope and success had died, murdered by some of the very Death Eaters who were now teaching at Hogwarts. With him their hope had died, every possibility for them to win the war and come out of this horrendous situation alive had vanished. No one expected them to be victorious anymore now that Dumbledore was dead. It had been their back step to reality, a rather harsh one that was it. Sadly the more people realized they were in a tricky situation with the Death Eaters looming and roaming freely everywhere, with Dumbledore dead but Voldemort alive and kicking, a lot of people suddenly looked at Harry differently. Now that there was nothing more to hope for many decided Harry had to be the one to safe them all. They didn't know how he could nor did they even want to think about the possibility that maybe he couldn't. All that mattered was that Harry Potter had faced him five times and each time he had come out of the situation alive. He was the one to safe them. He had to be. He just had to be. Stumbling out of his bed and rashly shrugging in his school robes, Harry could see his friends already leaving their dormitory. A frown appeared on his face. At the beginning of the year they had agreed on should this case of emergency ever happen that they would wait for each other, wake the others up and help them should they need something. But now that they had this exact case of emergency suddenly no one seemed to be able to remember this agreement anymore. All they could obviously think about was rescuing their own skin and waiting for a friend could only hinder them. A soft curse escaped Harry's lips when all of a sudden his world had turned black for mere seconds. Worry gripped Harry's heart, but he quelled it forcefully. Those tiny black-outs had started half a year ago and were appearing with ever increasing frequency and intensity. While he stumbled through sudden black world Harry hadn't seen where he was going and as he didn't know what was happening Harry had hit his foot at Ron's bedpost rather painfully. It seemed to happen more often and regularly and with sudden dread Harry realized one day he might not only collapse all of a sudden but just break down without any signal to alert neither him nor an explanation as to why it would happen. One day he wouldn't just collapse and wake up minutes later. One day he might break down and never weak up again. This time, however, he had finally managed to leave the dormitory and stumble out of the common room. Harry could see that he was not the only or even the last one to head for the Great Hall. Several groups of younger students, some of them had to be first years they were so small, were looking around widely, their horror struck wide open eyes scanning the area for any potential danger while running towards their supposed to be safe destination. It didn't ease Harry's worries at all. They were in danger. The longer they stayed outside the safe walls of the Great Hall the greater the chances that something might happen to them. Before he could take action, Harry realized that he didn't have to fear the other students' safety. He rather should worry about his own. Whereas the other students may be late they still were able to run and that rather quickly. Harry on the other hand had grave difficulties with only stumbling forward. Every now and then his vision would blur, as if he had forgotten to take his glasses with him. His heart was beating painfully in his chest and sometimes he would suddenly have difficulties with breathing. As if a hand had wound itself around his heart and lungs, squeezing down harshly. This couldn't be normal; something was happening to him, something caused him to feel so horribly weak. But he didn't know what. From far ahead of him Harry could hear the distinct sounds of battle. People were shouting, curses were yelled, something was crashing against the walls and something was breaking down the windows. There were people screaming in obvious pain and distress. With a faint feeling Harry closed his eyes and rested his forehead against the ice cold brick stone wall. His head hurt and his vision was spinning, not even pressing his heated skin against the wall would lighten this motion sickness. He was feeling weak; like something had rolled over him and an invisible string was constricting his lungs and heart. He was sick, so very ill and there was nothing he could do against it. He had to fight and come out alive of this. Gathering all his remaining strength Harry pushed himself from the wall and stumbled further forward. Just as he opened his eyes, he could the see the flash of poisonous green light breaking through the darkness. The green would forever haunt him in his nightmares. Feeling his heart sink and an enormous feeling of dread and fear grow in his frantically beating hearth Harry tried to move faster. He had to save them. Remus was there, as was Tonks, Molly, Arthur, Bill, Charley and Moody. A group of full trained Aurors was stationed somewhere on the castle grounds, only waiting for the Death Eaters to show themselves. It was good to know, it gave him a better feeling. They would be able to protect the students when he couldn't. But the Order and Aurors would never use the killing curse. It was something Harry didn't want to think about. Reaching around the last corner Harry's hearth almost swelled in relief. He could see the doors of the Great Hall. Students and teachers were running around, the later shouting orders to the fearfully waiting students. He could see some of the older students following the teachers as they obviously prepared for the fight. With a proud feeling Harry noticed that Hermione, Ron and Ginny were among them. They would never just cover in fear and wait for all of it to end. No, they would always take an active role in such a dire situation. A fiery redhead girl was standing next to a red-headed boy and a brown haired young woman. The three of them were wearing stern and grave expression, light worry creeping over the females' faces while the male was trying to hide his discomfort and fear. In the background Harry could see the teachers charming the castle walls and the doors so that most of the spells and curses would be blocked. A light frown appeared on his sweaty face. Nearly all of them were present, only three of them missing. He didn't think it possible but with a sinking feeling Harry suddenly realized what their absence meant. There had been traitors among all this time. The current Headmaster of Hogwarts and two of the teachers were missing. If they weren't present among those who were gathered in the Great Hall then there was only one other possibility for them to be. Those bastards were with Voldemort. The greasy haired, pale faced and dark eyed Potions Master, the dark-red haired and blue-eyed crazy looking woman with her feral grin and her brother with the same facial features and only some more scars gracing his body, the Alecto siblings, were currently kissing their lord's feet. It was disgusting and revolting. Suddenly a loud, booming voice almost made him jump. "So, that's it." Professor McGonagall stood tall and proud as she addressed the assembled students. Naturally, she had taken the lead after their current Headmaster's absence. "Everything is ready. The walls and the doors are guarded; it will be impossible for the Death Eaters to enter. All students who wish to remain here in safety will go further inside the hall. I will guard and ward the doors so that they will open again once everything is over and there is no more danger." She paused and visibly steeled herself for what she was about to say. "All students who are in their last year and wish to fight, please step out of the hall and gather around me. I won't try to hinder you. But remember, once outside there is no way to get into the safe halls again." Her weary eyes implored them to think prudently about what their decision. "Your decision will be definite." There was a small pause, then a tiny group of students stepped out of the hall and gathered around the Professor. Harry's heart was jumping with gratefulness; most of those students were from his former DA group. He had trained them personally. It made him proud to see that his former students and class mates were confident and strong enough to face such dangers. But at the same time an incredible fear overtook him. All of a sudden he wished for them to remain inside the Great Hall. It was true, he had trained and prepared them as best as he could. But what if it hadn't been enough? What if they got hurt because of his