AN: So, this was for day two of the Gadge Week going on over on tumblr (the prompts being "lonely" and "holidays"), which was... yesterday. This is definitely late but I'm hoping that doesn't matter so much as I kind of let myself get carried away with this and let it become a full-fledged one shot. That way it actually works as I'm going to say this is the second installment of my holiday series following The First Thanksgiving, though they do not come from the same universe. One last note: this is unedited and I stayed up late writing most of it, so try to ignore any mistakes you find. Now, I hope you enjoy and let me know what you think! "Okay, what's gotten into you?" Madge knows she's all smiles, but she didn't think it'd be so obvious that even Katniss would pick up on it. She shrugs at her friend—nothing's gotten into her—but the wide grin on her face seems to say otherwise. Johanna rolls her eyes at the exchange and her drink sloshes over the sides of her glass when she gestures wildly at her. "Tsk, tsk, Brainless, how could you forget?" She shakes her head. "Our little Madgelet here has a visitor coming in—what? Two days now?" When Johanna looks at her for confirmation, Madge nods. "Three days." "Three days for what? What are we talking about?" Peeta asks as the boys join the table, dropping fresh drinks in front of Madge and Katniss and clutching their own. Peeta looks curiously between the three girls at the table, genuinely interested—of course he is, bless his heart—while Gale seems to zone out on the tabletop and Thom throws an arm around Jo, liking anything she might have to whisper in his ear more than the current conversation. Delly seems to eye the pair and Madge doesn't miss the reassuring hand Peeta places on her shoulder. "Oh!" Katniss nods, remembering. "Your dad, right?" "Your dad's coming for Christmas?" Peeta asks, sliding in beside his girlfriend. Katniss makes room for him and he gives her a thankful grin before turning back to Madge. "You must be so excited to see him." Madge starts to express exactly how excited she is when she's stopped by Gale's input. "Of course she is. Wouldn't we all be?" Normally, Gale doesn't direct much conversation towards her unless he's trying to provoke her, so Madge treads carefully. She eyes him warily but pastes a pleasant smile to her face. His gaze is still focused elsewhere, though, as he peels at the label on his beer bottle. "When's your family arriving, Gale?" "They're not," he scoffs. His stony silver eyes flash towards her and she sighs out of irritation, realizing she's said something wrong again. She can never win with him; he's always directing some sort of anger at her, no matter how much kindness she shows him. "Not all of us can afford the luxury, Undersee. No, the Hawthornes will be singing out-of-tune Christmas carols over Skype this year." Madge struggles to stay calm as he gives her another brief glance; it's one of near hatred and she knows she's gripping her glass a little too tightly but she might otherwise pummel him. Who is he to make her feel bad? He has no idea what her life is like. "Gale, I told you that you're welcome to come with us to the mountains over break," Katniss says through the uncomfortable tension. It helps Madge take a moment to breathe and she finds Delly looking at her clenched fist with wide, worried eyes. Releasing the hold on her vodka cran, Madge gives her friend a slight smile to say she's okay. She tunes back into the conversation, remembering that Katniss and Peeta and their respective families can't make the trip to meet each other either and instead are spending their break together in the mountain range a few hours away. Gale just scowls like it's the worst idea he's ever heard, and it probably is. It almost makes Madge laugh to think of Gale third-wheeling it for two weeks in a small cabin with the pair that can't keep their hands of off one another. On that thought, she turns her gaze to Peeta and finds him scowling all the same. She has to hide a giggle and thinks she's calm enough to sit and ignore Gale all night until Johanna purrs, "I'll go if you go, Hawthorne." It makes Madge want to strangle her—how could she flirt with the jerk right after he insulted her? At least Gale doesn't seem to be changing his mind on the offer despite Johanna's proposition. Not that it matters. It would actually help if Johanna could get Gale out of her hair for a little while. "Is anyone else going to be sticking around?" Madge asks diplomatically, turning away from Gale at her end of the table. "I'm going home with Thom," Delly explains. Well, Madge can support that—she knows Delly has her eye on Gale's best friend and that the two of them have some talking to do. Madge looks towards Johanna and her friend shrugs. "Hawaii, remember?" Right. Johanna gets to soak up some sun with her family on the beaches of Maui while she'll have the pleasure of being stuck in the same city as the guy that hates her. Sighing, Madge turns back to her drink and slurps loudly. When she chances a glance at Gale, she finds him smirking darkly at her. She knows if her mother was here she would berate her for it, but Madge rolls her eyes anyway and focuses on the idea that she doesn't have to see him or speak to him if she doesn't want to. Which she doesn't. It's his problem that he'll be all alone, not hers. She'll be too busy with her father, anyway. … As soon as she registers the sound of her phone ringing, Madge jumps up to get it, fumbling with the object out of excitement. Her father's probably calling to say he's about to board and that he'll call her once he's landed again but she's still eager to hear his voice. "Madge, honey, I'm not going to make it—" "What do you mean?" Her father sighs uncomfortably through the line and she feels her heart drop. "I rescheduled the flight for later in the week, but I can't promise anything." His voice trembles and Madge grips the phone. "It's your mother—" "What?" Madge squeaks. "Is she okay?" "Yes, darling, she'll be fine. You know how it is." Madge can hear the stress and sadness in her father's tone and it makes her feel awful for the disappointment she feels at his news. They should have known this would never work; her mother hates being left alone. She shouldn't have gotten her hopes up. "I'll let you know what happens…" "Promise to try your best?" Madge asks feebly, knowing that his best is never quite enough. Already, she starts preparing herself to spend the holidays alone. "Promise," he replies, though he doesn't sound like has much confidence in it himself. "Now go have some fun with your friends and don't worry about us. You have a few more days without your old dad hanging around so take advantage of that, okay, Magpie?" "Okay," she agrees—for his benefit. She doesn't see any sense in telling him that she doesn't have any friends around to have fun with; that'll just worry him more. From there the line sounds muffled for a moment and when her father returns he claims he's got to go. She tries not to sound too sad as they say their goodbyes but when they hang up, she drops on to the couch and stares at the blank TV screen. "Looks like it's just you and me." Well, Netflix and whatever leftover wine she can find in the apartment… … She plows through the first season of Scandal and a bottle of (Delly's) Merlot on the first day. The second day she goes on a baking spree and ends up with six dozen different cookies. They all greatly pale in comparison to everything Peeta's ever made, so she gives up on that by the third day, on which she attempts knitting a scarf using Katniss' needles that she left behind. It comes apart when she tries to finish it off, which is fine, because it looked useless anyway. On the fourth day she doesn't get out of bed until noon and wonders how she can be so untalented. That same day she gets a call from her father who says he has to push his flight back another few days, giving them only a week together. She can't possibly go another day on her own, doing nothing in the confines of her home, so she calls around to see if anyone else she knows is still in town. There's the hipster guy who takes a bunch of classes with her, but he's always flirting while turning his nose up at her and she really isn't into that, so… She finds herself back at square one. Madge (3:24pm): Ate a third of the cookies. Marvel is the only one who will talk to me. I'm wearing the same pajamas as yesterday. Madge (3:24pm): And now they're saying there's going to be a snow storm. I'll be sending a document regarding my funeral arrangements shortly. She knows she's probably bothering the hell out of her friend on her romantic winter getaway, but this is as much social interaction as she's going to get and the only way she's finding any amusement out of this situation. She's actually kind of worried about that snow storm and her impending death. Bad sugar cookies and old wine is not a diet she thinks will get her very far. Katniss (3:32pm): You. Are. Crazy. Go outside and get some fresh air. Of course Katniss would find fresh air to be the solution—although, Madge thinks, she's probably right. And she probably wants her to find something to do so she'll leave her alone. Fair enough. Madge bundles herself up and prepares herself for the cold, pulling a beanie over her ears and a wrapping one of Katniss' handmade scarves around her. She goes for a walk around the building and down by the shops, picking up some groceries and another bottle of wine. When she sees Marvel's perfectly coiffed hair and thick-rimmed glasses coming her way, she successfully dodges him, making a quick turn into another shop and hiding behind a shelf. She watches him pass by, look confused, and then turn coolly around like he didn't just chase down some girl, and when he's gone, Madge sighs in relief. She realizes she ducked into the family-run drug store on the street when she finds herself staring at methods of birth control. Well. She won't be needing that. She starts to leave and get back on her way when she hears a smart snicker from behind her. While she dreads turning around again, she does so only to find the source of more embarrassment. She doesn't even wait to hear what rude comment he has to say and exits promptly when she learns the laughter came from Gale Hawthorne, the one other person she wanted to avoid. Great advice, Katniss. … When she gets back inside, she puts her groceries away and decides to go for a long hot shower to warm herself up again. She also may have broken a sweat carrying her bags and trying to make it home—and away from the public—in record time. She slips into some fresh PJs and lets her hair air dry knowing that she's on her own again tonight. Turning the news on, she hears more about the upcoming snow storm and figures then is the right time to crack open the bottle of wine; if she's going to be stuck inside without electricity she