"Step-mom," I stated firmly, "I'm not going." The short, petite Asian woman in front of me frowned, "Why not, Annabeth?" I sighed. "Because," I began, speaking in an exasperated tone which implied I had said this before. Which I had. "I've been through every part of this huge compound. I've even run the perimeter of the golf field!" I hadn't really been to every part of the compound, but it was only a half lie, which meant it was also half truth, which, therefore, could be rounded up to the whole truth. "Annabeth, come on ." My step-mother spoke to me harshly. I refused to address her by anything other than 'Step-mom' or the occasional "Wicked Stepmother' and other such childish names to my friends, as she could never replace my mother. My birth mom had left without a trace but was never proclaimed dead nor alive. Even so, that meant she and Frederick Chase had never properly divorced and that she might still be alive, so I always saw my stepmother as the women her father cheated on my mother with. My younger twin brothers, Bobby and Matthew, who were the offspring of Stepmom and Dad weren't so bad though. The only bad thing was that my 'parents' paid more attention to the twins in one day than they ever had to me the entire time they've been together. I was sick and tired of it. "No." I stated defiantly again, "I am not going." My stepmother sighed. "Annabeth, I'm going over to have tea with a new friend who is moving in." I rose an eyebrow but said nothing. Who knew a person likelier could make friends? Well, I suppose it made sense. She was nice enough to the boys, but I'd always figured that was just done to spite me. "-a son your age." I hadn't heard her entire sentence, but I knew what this was leading up to. "Annabeth, you need to get out of the house more. Stop shoving your nose into all those dusty books of yours. Get a boyfriend! At least a crush. Or a friend." Ouch. That stung. I had friends, granted we weren't that close and I never brought them to my house, but we still hung out at school all the time and had sleepovers at their houses. Of course, she wouldn't know I had friends. She never paid attention to what I did. "I. Will. Not. Go." Stepmom," I dragged out the last vowel as I complained. "Hush, dear. You agreed that if I took you with me, we would go to the," my stepmom scrunched her nose up in distaste, which I found horribly offending, "the… library ." I swear to the gods, this woman… But I kept quiet. For a little bit at least. "But Stepmom… All the people who live her are good for nothing dirtbags. Or money bags." She huffed, and I knew it was because all she cared about was money and hoped to one day become rich. How? By lounging on your lazy butt all day and mooching off my father's hard work? Or maybe by making rich friends in hopes that, I don't know, you'll become rich too just by standing next to them! I snorted out loud, but if the step monster noticed, she didn't say anything. "Ooh, look!" She exclaimed, grabbing my arm, to which I recoiled at the touch of, and pointing over my shoulder. I turned my head as I yanked my arm away. Wow… This house was stunning. Just look at that- "It's over seven million dollars!" I rolled my eyes. It's all about the money with this lady. "I. Don't. Care." I ground out. "All these people here are just so dam…" I searched for the right word. "Snooty," I huffed out. Stepmom rolled her eyes, "Well, I have a money bag friend with a snooty son, and we're going to visit them. Be nice, maybe one day you two will get married." I shuddered in distaste. "Yeah right," I muttered under my breath. "The kids in this part of the neighborhood don't know how to appreciate anything. They just use their parents' money without a care and walk around like they're the gods' gift to the world. They're all so arrogant, and they think they look 'so good' what with their expensive clothes and makeovers, but most of the time they do look so infuriatingly good-looking! And they're rude, annoying, most are dumb and don't know how to work for anything, and they're just… just… so snooty !" I couldn't find a better word for it. "Well," a voice, much deeper and much more dreamy than my stepmom's voice said, the person's breath hot against my ear. I shuddered. "I wouldn't say all of us are arrogant and rude. My mom sure isn't," I was surprised whoever this man didn't deny it about himself but stood up for his mother only. "But I don't just think I'm 'infuriatingly good-looking'. I know I am." I sighed, "Arrogant, check." I slowed down to a stop and turned around. Dam, he was right. He was good looking. He had long, disheveled, raven black hair that fell perfectly on top of his head, covering some his gorgeous sea green eyes that seemed to swirl with different emotions and change like the tide in the ocean. His skin was tan and smooth without a single blemish on his face. He was tall, lean, and well built, but definitely not overly muscular. The perfect figure, in my opinion. Gorgeous? Check ! He was around six feet tall and towered over me. I was five feet and ten inches tall, but with his shoulders back and that cocky smirk, he just radiated confidence which made me want to shrink back. But I didn't. I held my ground and looked up at him. "Annabeth Chase." I held out my hand. "It's nice to meet you." He eyed my hand warily before letting out a small chuckle and taking it. "Percy Jackson. It's nice to meet you." He gave a boyish grin and I rolled my eyes at his childish behavior. "I already knew what your name was, by the way." I took a step back, away from him. He let out a light laugh, which sounded much better than his rich-kid-chuckle, and shook his head. "I mean, I was following you for a bit," I took another step back. "N-no! Not like that! I mean, just now, I heard you talking with your mom-" "Stepmom," I corrected. He nodded his head like he totally got it, "Right, Stepmom." There was an awkward silence before a sly smile spread across his lips, revealing slight dimples and gorgeous pearly white teeth. I never understood how people's teeth could be so white. I mean, sure, mine weren't a nasty yellow, but it wasn't completely white like those teeth whitening strips commercials. Or like Percy's. "So," I immediately came back to reality and looked expectantly at him. "Since we're going to be married one day, you said it yourself, 'yeah, right'," he changed the tone of my words though, "you can one day be my snooty schnookums." He 'booped' my nose and grinned that boyish grin again. "Don't call me that." He gave me an innocent smile. "What's wrong, my snooty schnookums?" He cooed, coming closer to me. I involuntarily caught a whiff of his cologne. It smelt of the salty sea, mixed with a hint of chlorine and cookies. That was no cologne sent. That was all Percy. I found myself leaning in. "Woah," he mock exclaimed. "Kissing before the first date? I mean, if you're really that desperate for a piece of Percy…" I punched him in the shoulder. He winced and I heard him mutter an 'ow' under his breath. I smirked victoriously. Looking over his broad shoulders, I noticed the stepmonster talking to a kind, middle-aged women a few yards behind. "That's my mom," I looked up as I heard Percy Jackson dreamily sigh. I smiled lightly. It was cute, how much he obviously adored his mom. "C'mon!" He said giddily, throwing his arm up and draping it over my shoulder casually. I was forced to be pressed against his side, not that I really minded. On this cool autumn day, he provided a nice warmth and he smelt nice too. I leaned my head into his side, just a fraction of an inch, and inhaled deeply. I felt his chest rumble and looked up at him. I glared at him, "What?" He smiled again, still laughing slightly and shook his head, "It's nothing." I looked at him weirdly, but a cool breeze blew by and I caught another scent of that ocean and cookie goodness that I couldn't help but lean my head back into him. His arm seemed to wrap around me tighter now, shielding me from the cold. Normally I would've killed a guy for acting so… bold around me, but Stepmonster over there took my jacket and scarf from me, claiming it was too cold. She'd taken it from me the second we stepped out the house door, when it hadn't even been locked yet. Typical. "Hey," he asked softly, "why aren't you wearing a jacket?" I scoffed, "See that hideous Asian lady over there?" I felt him nod. "She stole my jacket and scarf the second we walked out the door." His steps faltered, causing me to trip over my feet a little, but he continued on like nothing happened. "I did think act jacket looked a bit too big on her." "What, were you checking the step monster out?" He didn't comment on the naming part, but rose an eyebrow. "No, I'm just observant like that." I hummed in agreement. "Yeah, so observant that you didn't even notice your beanie fell off a few yards back there." I was lying, but I hoped he was a beanie wearing kind of guy. He took his arm off me, and I immediately missed the warmth, and turned around. I stifled a laugh. "Ha ha," he mock laughed. "You're just so funny." He didn't put his arm around me again, which I found somewhat disappointing. I mean, Stepmom took my jacket and scarf, and my 'family' never brings me on the 'family' vacations to the beach anymore, nor do they ever bake me cookies, so I guess I just found his smell comforting. When we got within a few feet of our conversing mothers, stepmother for me, Mrs. Jackson turned around. She gave Percy a big hug and he returned it, planting a kiss on the top of her head. She turned to me, "Was Percy nice enough to you?" I laughed, "Of course. He was a true gentleman and you did a fine job raising him, Mrs. Jackson." I felt kind of awkward saying that, it wasn't like I was in the place to judge whether or not she rose her child right, but Percy, who was standing behind her, seemed happy enough with my response, shoulders sagging in relief, and Mrs. Jackson beamed with pleasure. "Thank you, I tried my hardest. But please, call me Sally." "All right," I smiled, before adding on, "Sally." She laughed again and brought me into a hug right as I extended my arm and was about to say, "Annabeth Chase." I must've looked shocked because Percy smiled warmly at me and the Wicked Stepmother rose an eyebrow. A fake, penciled in eyebrow that is. I leaned into Sally 's embrace and hugged her back. When she pulled back, I felt slightly embarrassed at how hard I was clinging onto her, but he just smiled warmly, giving me an affection motherly gaze that made my heart melt. "Come along," she waved her hand in her direction as she walked to the front door, ushering us in. "We have cookies!" Percy perked up immediately and he ran the distance in record time, screaming, "I