A/N: So I never thought the day would come when I wrote a Bella/Carlisle story. Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against the paring, I just have been working on this story for so long that I didn't think I would ever be ready to post it, or brave enough. And while I know there are a lot of wonderful Bellisle stories on the site, most of them forces the main characters to go at a fast pace or they place several cusswords in each paragraph. So I thought I would write my own version of the couple. I should warned you, however, that the story will be going at a slow pace. Probably not as slow as a snail but not any higher than that. I will try to keep the story moving along, but I won't have Bella and Carlisle suddenly get into a romantic relationship together and then fall into bed with each other either. Also, I promise to keep Bella from sounding whining and annoying like she was in the books, especially when she wanted to make love to Edward all the time. Trust me, that won't be happening in my story. Finally, the first two chapters are like a prologue. We won't be getting into the story until the third chapter. Warning: This story is rated M for a reason. Most M-related topics will be mention further in the story, however, there are mention of cutting in this chapter. Don't read if this somehow trigger you. Furthermore, I don't intend to go graphic on the cutting scenes, but I will be mentioning them quite a bit in the story. I'm saying this now, so there won't be any surprises later on. Also, there will be cusswords, but again, I won't put as many in the chapter. And I will refrained from saying the ones with the Lord's name and the F-word as well. I believe those two words take away from the quality of the story and I won't have that here. Note: The timeline in the story is different from the one that Stephenie Meyer uses in the series. I will post the timeline I'm using in the bottom author's note. This chapter had been edited and seen by my beta, Goldielover. However, I would like to thank Kathy for pre-reading the chapter and encouraging me to published the story. I don't own the Twilight series or the characters in it. Stephenie Myers will only allow me to play with them, unfortunately. Chapter One Surviving (Bella's Point of View) Friday, September 2, 2005 For the millionth time in the past twelve hours, I stared at the white cordless phone which rested upright on one of the oak nightstands. As I lay frozen on my side on top of the bed, I squeezed my eyes shut tight and prayed fervently that I could make it all disappear. I knew it was childish and stupid, but I thought maybe if I closed my eyes and made my wish, everything would be back to normal again and I wouldn't be in such emotional pain right now. I wanted things to be normal again but when I opened my eyes, they weren't. They never would be. I still can't believe he's gone, I thought absentmindedly, my heart aching with sadness while my eyes burned from all the past tears I had shed. Suddenly, my chest tightened up in agony at the thought, making it difficult for me to breathe for a few seconds. Yesterday evening my life turned upside down when I received a phone call from the Forks Police Station. Deputy Mark Summers had some news to relay to me, bad news that would change my life permanently. And even though I wished to forget it entirely, I remember exactly how the conversation went down. " Hello," I greeted breathlessly as I answered the phone in the kitchen, almost missing the call since I was in my bedroom. I didn't have a cellphone yet, but I was planning on obtaining one very soon. " Hey, Bella," a somber familiar voice answered from the other end of the line. "This is Deputy Mark Summers from Forks Police Station." I already knew where the call was coming from because we had Caller ID. Plus, we only had one Mark living in Forks and he was a cop. Was it my imagination or did he sound positively wretched? Something wasn't right here. After all, Forks Police doesn't call the house when Dad is working if they needed to get in touch with him. And they especially don't call you at night if it wasn't of the utmost importance. " Deputy Mark, where's my Dad? Is he alright?" I asked, as fear and panic began to creep up from every corner of my body. " Bella, you should sit down if you're not already. I'm afraid I have some bad news for you, honey," Mark announced gravely. I ignored his instructions. I knew it was a stupid thought, but I thought if I didn't sit down like I was told, I would receive the information I wanted faster. "What happened?" I was getting a horrible feeling about this. Something terrible had happened to Charlie. I just knew it, because I wouldn't be getting this particular phone call if it didn't involve him. " I'm so sorry, Bella. Your father died while on patrol," Mark's composed voice cracked. I could tell he was crying from the soft sniffles coming through the phone. I pulled the white phone away from my ear, staring at it unblinkingly for a moment before pressing it back to its previous place. "I'm sorry," I began slowly, positive I had heard him wrong. "But did I hear you right, Deputy Mark?" Please, oh please tell me you were wrong, I pleaded desperately. That I misheard you somehow. That Charlie is simply hurt but will walk away from his injuries that he might have sustained from being on patrol. There was a moment of silence between us before I heard breathing from his side of the line. Then, "Yes, you did. I'm sorry," he spoke softly and gently, like I was a hurt wild animal and was about to experience more pain before I could fully recover from my injuries. I didn't know the reasons behind his tone other than the sorrow, but maybe he thought using a soft and gentle voice with me would prevent or even ease the emotional pain I would inevitably feel once I allowed the information to process in my brain. Unfortunately, it didn't. The gate that was holding off the numbness and shock, until I confirmed what I heard was correct, finally snapped open. And only moments after they were released, the effects quickly swept through me. The realization that I lost my father tonight, possibly only minutes or an hour ago, slammed into me hard like a wrecking ball would to a dilapidated building. Then the floodgates opened and I found myself drowning in my own intense emotions. I felt the pressure forming behind my eyes, and I knew that tears were only moments away from falling. A lump rapidly formed in my throat, making it hard for me to swallow as hot, salty tears silently flowed down my pale face. The news about my father's death rendered me speechless for several long minutes and the only sounds Mark was able to hear on the phone were the loud sobs that were escaping past my numb lips. " How?" I croaked out, only able to say that one word as my hands shook violently. Swaying unsteadily, I slowly lowered myself with the help of the kitchen counter onto the white tile floor; my legs feeling like Jell-O all of a sudden. I heard Mark's quick breathing on the line as he tried to calm himself again. "He was brutally murdered, I'm afraid," he declared seriously. I vehemently shook my head swiftly from side to side a few times before I remembered Mark couldn't see me. "No! No! No!" I screamed deliriously into the phone. It wasn't true! It couldn't be! " Bella, I'm truly sorry, but it's true, sweetheart. I would never joke about something as grim as this," he spoke soothingly, obviously trying to settle me down. "You know that." I did know that, but I still wasn't ready to fully accept the news that my father was dead. A part inside of me was still wishing to deny the fact that I would never see my Daddy again. His response brought a strangled cry from my mouth as more tears fell down my cheeks. In all of my short seventeen years of life, I never knew I could produce such a heart-wrenching sound as I did then. To my ears it sounded like a wounded animal begging for the agony to stop, to be put out of his or her misery. I felt the same way. " No! It isn't true! It isn't true! You're lying!" I shrieked, still denying the fact. That was it! Deputy Mark was lying to me, probably hoping to scare me or something. It wasn't funny and I planned on telling him so. It just couldn't be true! My father was not dead! " I truly wish I was, sweetheart. More than anything, I do," Mark whispered, his voice laced heavily with melancholy. I pulled my jeans clad legs to my chest, wrapping one red sleeve covered arm around them tightly while the other still held the phone, pressing it hard against my ear as I rested my forehead heavily against my knees. Oh God, I think I'm going to be sick! My emotions were swinging from one extreme to another. I'm sure if Jasper were here right now, he would be suffering from a severe migraine from the emotional roller-coaster I was on. First I went from panic and fear, to sadness, acceptance to pain, denial, then full acceptance and pain once again. Now, I was angry. Beyond angry, in fact. I wanted whoever had chosen to take my father's life tonight to suffer like I was, to feel the excruciating pain I was going through at that moment. " Who? Do you know who did this? Do you know who killed my father!?" The first two questions were stated quietly but the volume of my voice increased tremulously when I reached the final words, so much so that I found myself freely screeching into the phone. " Please calm down, Bella," he instructed me gently. "I won't tell you when you're this worked up. It isn't healthy for you." I quieted down and took a few deep breaths, a few hiccups escaping as I did so, while the tears continued to race down from my eyes. I didn't even bother wiping them away, more would just appear soon after. I felt another wave of sorrow pressing down hard upon my shoulders, trying to squish me like a bug on the floor beneath me. My chest continued to ache as I tried to fight the painful convulsions that were begging to be released once again. My breathing became labored as I tried to calm myself, both my anger and my tears, when all I really wanted to do was scream, and cry, and curse whoever took my father away from me until my throat was raw and I had no voice left. I wanted to punch something and break things so that the pain would become bearable for me, so I didn't feel like I was being swept away in a raging river. Most of all, I wanted my Daddy back. I would give anything to have my Daddy back, alive and healthy. After inhaling and exhaling raggedly, I pronounced softly, "Okay, I'm better. Can you please tell me who did this? Who murdered my father?" Static and Deputy Mark's breathing could be heard on the line. "We don't have a name at