The sun was shining bright in the afternoon sky as Harry Potter made his way through Little Whinging. His thoughts going back to the many times he had made escapes from this very same place. Without realizing it, Harry had begun rubbing his lightning bolt scar. As they passed the park that Harry used to hang out in, he thought about the dementors and Dudley getting sick after the attack. Few Muments later they drove past the alley where his Godfather, Sirius had first appeared to him in the form of a dog. Harry had been so sure it was the Grimm coming for him. Harry was pulled out of his past, from his youngest son Albus. "Dad, did you really grow up here? This place is…" His voice trailed off. Harry chuckled, "A bit too clean?" "YEAH, well no, it's like if no one really lives here?" Albus sighed and stared out the window, "How come we didn't use the floo powder to get here, I'm tired!" Harry's memory went to the night that his father-in-law, Arthur Weasley, had tried to use the fireplace in the Dursley's house. Not only did Arthur shock Uncle Vernon by traveling via the floo network, but destroyed the living room trying to get out of the boarded up fireplace. The car pulled into number 4 Privet Drive, "Albus, today we have to act like muggles, remember? This is your cousin Dudley's house now, but they aren't like us. Your mother told you about things, right?" Albus nodded, "I can't talk about magic, quidditch, Hogwarts or anything else… but what are we going to talk about?" Albus was eleven going on forty, he had such a seriousness about him that Harry found himself doing things just to make his son laugh. Albus was a mirror image of Harry, from the unruly hair, to his short stature. Anytime Harry looked at him, he wondered if he ever looked so innocent. Harry looked to the house, he could see a small face peering through the curtains. Harry turned to look at his son, "These are muggles, Albus, we have to be nice and only talk about what muggles talk about. Like the weather, or soccer, or even his school." Albus pouted, "Soccer is stupid, they don't fly or nothing, and who talks about weather Dad? Do you want him to think I'm a nerd? Hey, Grandpa wants me to ask how they make those people move on the vid-toe games! Can I ask that?" Harry undid his seatbelt, "How about we just play things by ear. Your mother wants me to invite them for dinner this summer, when you and your brother are home from school, but as I said, we will just play things by ear." As they walked up the sidewalk Harry smiled at the yard, knowing that Aunt Petunia would have a fit seeing the few weeds in the flower gardens. He rang the doorbell and waited, unsure of what to expect. Before he had time to rethink the visit for the hundredth time, Harry was standing face to face with Dudley Dursley. "Well, come in then." Dudley stepped back to allow Harry and Albus in. He led them to the family room. In there, sat a extremely petite woman with shoulder length mousy brown hair, huddled up beside her, trying to hide, was a boy close to Albus' age. The boy reminded Harry of Dudley all those years ago, but only in actions. The young boy looked a lot like his mother with his small frame and bright green eyes. Harry wondered if he had heard 'you have your mother's eyes' as much as Harry had in his own life. He did have Dudley's blond hair, and chin. Harry waited to have introductions, wondering if there would be any. Dudley sat in what was once Uncle Vernon's chair, "Harry Potter, this is my wife Julie and our son Oliver" Harry sat in one of the other chairs hoping not to spook Oliver, "Nice to meet you both, Julie, you know my wife Ginny, but we have never had the pleasure of meeting. I believe it is you and her that are responsible for today." Harry turned to the small boy, "Oliver, this is my son Albus, I think you guys are close to the same age." Albus gave Oliver a big smile, 'Wanna go play?" Dudley shot Harry a look, but said nothing to stop the boys when they headed outside. Harry sat back and looked around, the portrait of Uncle Vernon hung over the fireplace. Dudley saw where he was looking, "Dad has been gone for about five years now. Mum sold me the house and moved to a small flat a few blocks from here. She asked you not to try to find her." "Like I would…" Harry said, but quickly added, "I'm sorry, that was rude. "I am also sorry about your Dad, he and I didn't see eye to eye much but he was a good man." Dudley nodded in acceptance, "As I get older the more I appreciate him," Dudley said as the still looked at the painting. "Dudley, you look great!" Harry exclaimed, trying to steer the conversation away from Vernon Dursley. "How much weight have you lost? You look smaller than you did when we were seventeen." Dudley couldn't help but smile, "The weight loss is thanks to Julie, she has me on a diet that has food I will actually eat. She told me when she got pregnant that she wouldn't have an unhealthy child and trust me, I don't cross her." Dudley smiled fondly at his wife. Julie returned the smile and then looked to Harry, "I am not the big bully he is acting like, just a good cook. Now, Harry, how is Ginny? Why didn't she come with you? Is Lilly ok?" Harry instantly knew why his wife liked this woman. Julie was very open, sweet, and loved her family. "Ginny is good, so is Lily. Lily is at that age of trying to get into everything and, well… I didn't know about having her here." Dudley frowned, "Harry, I'm not my parents. I don't understand your kind, and still don't want too, but Oliver is my son and Julie wants him to know all his family." Dudley glanced to Julie, "Like I said, she isn't one to cross, so I am not going to keep my boy from knowing Mum's side of the family. Just don't be teaching him none of the boogie woogie junk." Julie burst out laughing, "Dudley Dursley that is the funniest way to explain Hogwarts I have yet to hear from you! Anyway, Ginny says it is a very nice place." The shocked look on Harry's face made Dudley laugh, "Look Harry, I'm just doing what I can to make sure our families know each other. You can say magic, or Hogwarts, and even hocus pocus. Just don't cross the bounds okay?" Harry nodded, "Agreed, but I have to admit, I never thought Hogwarts would be mentioned in this house without someone being sent to the cupboard under the stairs." Julie stood up, "The day is still young! Now you two catch up and I will go make some tea." Oliver ran to the swing set out back, "I WON!" Albus caught up, "But you didn't say we was racing!" Albus accused. Both boys started playing in the dirt under the swings, Oliver looked at Albus. "How come you got such a funny name? Don't your mum and dad like you?" Albus puffed up, "My Mum and Dad love me, and they named me after the greatest headmaster Hogwa…. I can't tell you about that." "What? You can tell me, I won't say nothing… swear!" Oliver held up a hand as if that proved he wouldn't utter a word. Albus pushed some dirt around, trying to decide if he should trust his new cousin. "Well, if you really swear we could do an unbreakable vow," Albus looked unsure, "but I don't really know how." Oliver sat up straight, "I bet we just shake hands, and both swear we won't tell what we say out here!" Oliver said with such a serious tone, it was hard not to put faith in that, but Albus wasn't convinced Albus shook his head, "No, it's more than that, you need a wand and everything to make it real." "A wand? Like a witches or a magician?" Albus looked surprised, "You know about witches? Dad, said you didn't!" Oliver looked confused, "Course I know, I watch TV!" "What's TV?" Oliver busted up laughing, "Ok that was funny, everyone knows what TV is!" Albus started laughing just so Oliver wouldn't know that he really didn't know what TV was. "Hey, my grandpa wants me to ask you how you play vid-toe games? Do you have one?" Oliver rolled in the dirt laughing, "You are really funny!" Oliver thought his new cousin was just joking, "I got the new racing game, want to go play it?" Albus shook his head, for some reason Oliver kept thinking he was funny, and Albus was pretty sure it was something to do with being a muggle. "We could just play out here, ok?" Oliver grabbed a big dump truck and started filling the back end with dirt, "So what was it about that head master thing? I did swear not to say!" "Well, I got named for the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had. My middle name is Severus, and he was another headmaster! This year I turn eleven so I get to go to Hogwarts, and I can see their portraits! Course I already know what Professor Dumbledore looked like, cuz he is on Wizard cards!" Oliver had stopped filling the truck with dirt, looking awestruck at Albus, "You think witches are real? They are only on tv, or run around on Halloween… aren't they?" Albus rolled his eyes, "those stupid people that dress up on Halloween are mug… just people, and they don't have any powers!" Oliver leaned in just a bit, "Do you have powers?" Albus did a very small nod, "Not much, mostly when I get mad, or when I get frustrated with junk." Oliver bit his lip, "I do that too… but you can't tell anyone… remember we swore!" Oliver looked around making sure they were still alone. "When I get mad, or really excited I can make things happen. Nothing bad but things just happen." He looked to the house and back to Albus, "Just last week, there was a new game that came out. I really wanted it, and I had kind a fit in the store hoping my Mum would buy it." Oliver leaned in, "Mum got really mad, and told me we're just going to leave and not even get the toy that she had already said I could have!" Oliver took a deep breath, "I was really mad and when we got to the car it had a flat tire." Albus didn't look as impressed as Oliver thought he should, "Don't you see.. I thought let the tires to be flat, so we couldn't leave." Albus looked a bit more convinced, "Well, maybe… but you better not say nothing, my dad says your dad don't like our kind." Oliver put a hand to his stomach, feeling a little queasy, he didn't want to believe he may be something that his father wouldn't like. Oliver's Mum came to the back door calling them for dinner, the boys stood up to dust the dirt off. The smelled dinner filtered out to them, Oliver rubbed his stomach again and thought maybe he was just queasy because he was hungry. He shrugged, running inside quickly, leaving the feeling of dread outside. The rest of the visit was spent together, leaving no more time for the boys to talk. On the way home, Harry and Albus were discussing what quidditch team would