Chapter 1: New Girl ~September 1~ I glanced down at my letter once more. Sure enough, it said "Platform 9 ¾". My eyebrows furrowed and I looked up again, checking and rechecking the signs of King's Cross Train Station. Platform 7, 8, 9…10. No 9 3/4, just 9… and 10. I rolled my eyes and placed a hand on my hip. Lousy Brits, I thought, can't even get a platform number right! I let out a frustrated sigh and leaned against my buggy, sticking my fingers in the cage to pet my owl. He was black with small white feathers around his piercing, red eyes. Despite his intimidating appearance, Hex was perfectly harmless… most of the time. "What now, Hex?" I asked the bird, absentmindedly. A chuckle came from behind me, immediately putting me on edge. I hadn't known I was being watched. The laugh hadn't sound too friendly and I didn't trust it. I turned around slowly until I was looking up into the grey eyes of a blond boy. He was smirking at me. "What do you want?" I asked in a slightly bitter tone. "Well, firstly, you seemed a bit lost," he replied. "And, second, you're in my way." He raised an eyebrow as he examined my appearance. I was wearing a black top with fishnet sleeves, tattered dark wash jeans, and black combat boots. My light brown, curly hair, dyed black in the back with a blue striped feather in my hair, was lazily draped over my shoulder. My nails were black and silver and I had a spoon handle ring on my right, middle finger. My make up was simple, the only thing on my face that truly stood out were the three Henna teardrop tattoos on the outer edge of my right eye. "Yes, you are definitely American," he mused with another low chuckle. "And you are definitely British," I replied, referring to his accent. I studied his appearance as well. He wore dark jeans, a pair of black sneakers, and a black t-shirt. His style complimented his pale, nearly albino skin well. I had to admit to myself that he was, without a doubt, the most beautiful boy I had ever seen. "Yes, but around here, you're the weird one," he told me. "Whatever," I was beginning to get annoyed. "Are you going to help me or not?" he contemplated this for a moment. "Will that mean you getting out of my way?" he asked. I rolled my eyes, refusing to answer. "Where are you headed?" "Platform 9 ¾," I told him, handing him my letter from Dumbledore. He looked at me with an amused expression. "But it clearly doesn't exist. I've looked and looked. Nothing." I complained. He burst into laughter. "You?" he gasped in between fits. I gave him and angry glare. "You're a wizard? You're so tiny and average, though! I was positive you were just another stupid muggle." He laughed at me more. He was really asking to be punched. Get a hold of yourself, Imogen , my conscience ordered, but it was too late. After checking to makes sure no one was watching, I ripped my wand out of my boot and pressed the tip to his throat. He immediately stopped laughing and threw his hands up in surrender. "Yes, I am a wizard," I hissed at him. "Now, where's the freaking platform?" he took the hand that I was holding my wand with and lowered it. "Fine, follow me," He said and made his way around my cart. I pushed my buggy close behind him, half tempted to run over his heels just to tick him off. He came to a stopped in front of a giant, brick column. "Ladies, first." He gestured to the column. "Excuse me?" I raised an eyebrow. He snorted. "Just go. It's magic," he whisper the last part. "Oh…" I mumbled. The blond boy rolled his eyes. "Are you going or not? You're wasting my time here," he huffed. "Alright, alright don't get your knickers in a twist," I mocked him in my awful, fake British accent. Then, I checked to make sure no one was looking, and charged straight through the wall. After a quick second, I appeared on a platform, surrounded by kids and their parents. This made me even more homesick. I blinked away the threatening tears. It wasn't like I had anything, or anyone, to go home to anyway. My parents are dead, killed by a dragon they were attempting to 'tame' in a wizard circus. The dragon, though professionally trained, was spooked when a boy leapt into the arena, attempting to show off for his girlfriend. The dragon went crazy, killing my parents and severely injuring the boy, who in my opinion deserved to die. My twin brother, Eddie, overdosed on painkillers and antidepressants a year later. He died, as well. The just left me, the freaky cutter girl who everyone hates, if not fears. The witch that was disowned by her muggle godparents. I don't cut anymore, though. That was two years ago. Therapy fixed that, but it would never fully fix me . "You had better board the train," a voice said, pulling me from my sad thoughts. I whipped around to see the blond, once again, watching me. "It's about to leave." I nodded and he started walking away, towards the back of the train. I grabbed my purse and smaller travelling bags and a train worker to my cart. "Hey, wait!" I called chasing after him. He didn't stop, but he slowed down so I could catch up. "Can I sit with you? You are the only person I've met so far. I don't want to look like some loser that sits alone." I admitted. "Why should I allow you to sit with me? I don't even like you," he gave me an annoyed look and I returned a fierce glare. "Then I shall rephrase," I told him. I stood on the tips of my toes, to try and look him in the eyes. He was at least a foot taller than me, but I didn't care. "I don't know anybody else, so I'm sitting with you. Deal with it, pretty boy." I smirked at his astonished expression. He was clearly not used to being spoken to like this, especially by a girl. Without another word, he boarded the train, gesturing for me to follow him. He led me to an already occupied compartment. Inside was a dark skinned boy who was already in his school uniform, and a dark haired girl with pug-like features and a seemingly permanent scowl on her face. The blond opened the door and I stepped in. "I see you've made a little friend, Draco," The boy said to the blond- Draco. "I'm Blaise Zabini." He spoke in a deep voice. "And who might you be?" "Imogen Ruinae," I said with the same confidence I had used around Draco. He took my hand and kissed my knuckles tenderly. I held back a blush. "Why are you here?" The pug girl sneered, staring me up and down. I gave her a glare. "Down girl," Blaise said playfully. "This is Pansy. She isn't a people person." "Well, hello, Pansy," I said in a mock-sweet voice. I could already tell already that I didn't like this one. She gave me a bigger scowl and I smiled at her. "And if you have to ask why I'm here, then you're as stupid as you look. I thought Hogwarts was a school for smart witches and wizards?" "I like this one," Blaise snickered. "She is definitely Slytherin material." I smirked, taking it as a compliment, and sat down beside Draco, across from Blaise. "Is that your house?" I asked them, looking over to Draco, who had said nothing in the past few minutes. He was staring blankly out the window. "What's it to you?" Pansy growled. "Yes, it is," Blaise said, ignoring Pansy's rudeness. "Who else have you met so far, other than Draco?" "Nobody actually," I replied honestly. "How did you meet Draco?" Pansy interrogated. It was obvious Pansy- 'Pugsy' as I have now decided to call her- was in to Draco. So obvious, it was entertaining. "Well, we were bored, waiting for the train and all, so we made out in a dark corner for a while," I said, deciding to mess with her. Pugsy's face was turning blood red, Draco snapped his head around and stared at me incredulously, and Blaise was about to fall out of his seat he was laughing so hard. I grinned triumphantly. "Good one, Imogen," Blaise beamed at me. "Now, how did you really meet our friend?" "I was lost and he helped my find the train," I shrugged. "How sweet of you, Drake," Blaise teased. "She was in my way," He grumbled back. I snorted. "Sure she was." "Anyway, I had to help. She held a wand to my throat!" Draco defended. "The batty witch would've hexed me into next week. Or worse…" I snorted. What a drama queen, I thought. "Yeah, and you whimpered like a sad little puppy," I cried, laughing with Blaise. "And just so you know, I don't need my wand to hex your balls off." I warned him. "Is that so?" he challenged with a smirk. "Don't test me, Blondie," I warned again. The last time a boy annoyed me, he ended up hanging from his toes, naked in the girls' bathroom. It was definitely a YouTube moment. Draco scooted closer to me, leaving a jealous Pansy to scowl even more. "Or, what?" he whispered in my ear, sending chills down my spine. Before I could respond, the compartment became cold and dark. I shivered, watching as the drink-bottle in Pansy's hand turned to solid ice. I rubbed my arms in attempt to keep warm. "What the h-" I tried to ask, but Draco clamped his hand over my mouth. Before I could protest, a dark, shadowy figure appeared outside the compartment door. The world began to feel darker and sadder, like all hope was gone from the world. The figure turned and faced our door, its boney fingers stretched out to grab the door handle. I slid away from the door as much as I could, until I felt something solid against my back. I was up against Draco. He tensed up, and I wasn't sure whether I made him uncomfortable or if he was just as scared as I was. He released my mouth and wrapped an arm around my waist, instinctively I assumed, just as the door began to open. The shadow hovered above the floor and slipped into the room, moving towards us, moving towards me. I gripped Draco's hand tightly, desperate to cling to something. The figure was right in my face now, staring me down. Behind it a new figured appeared. It was a human figure with long, frizzy, blond hair and a short, slender body. "Ecspecto Patronum," said the girl in a high pitched and dazed voice. Light burst into the room and a rabbit-shaped Patronus raced around the room. The shadowy figure backed away and darted from the compartment faster than I could blink. The room lit up again and the heat returned to my body. "Are you alright?" said the girl in the doorway. She had light blue eyes, red lips, and strange fruit-looking earrings dangling from her ears. She watched me carefully, not acknowledging the other three people in the compartment. "Yeah," I managed. "I'm fine." "Then why are you practically in Draco's lap?" Pansy sneered, glaring at our interlocked hands. Draco had been squeezing my hand just as tight as I was holding his. I felt a strange electric jolt between us, the power that emanated from between our hands. He was studying our hands curiously. I pulled my hand away quickly and removed his hand from my waist. I scooted as far away from him as I