Hi everyone! So... I couldn't stop myself. A week after I posted the last chapter of WGHGM I've started the next part of the story. So far, this is more like snippets into the life of Litawen. Each chapter will be at a different age, a different stage of her life, and each chapter title will tell us what that is. I don't think we would experience true, outright bullying, but considering how easily Elves hold grudges and prejudices it wouldn't surprise me if someone whose square peg didn't quite fit into their round hole became a little ostracised. Updates are unlikely to be as quick as with WGHGM, but I'll be going for once a week. Some chapters will be longer, some shorter – it depends on the chapter. *Big Reminder* - If you haven't read What Grace Has Given Me first, I strongly recommend doing so. Lots of love, and I can't wait to hear what you think. MM -x "Litawen?" I glanced up from my book, quill between my teeth. "Mhmmm?" "May I speak with you?" Dad looked stressed, and I nodded as I unclenched my jaw and let the quill fall from my mouth. I patted my bed and he came in to my room, closing the door behind him. I scrambled up from my stomach and closed the book of sums I had been diligently working on, set by my tutor. "What is it, Daddy?" I asked, crossing my legs. He assumed the same position as he often did, and he picked up the book I was working through. The sums were hideously easy, but my work was neat and thorough and I knew not a single one was incorrect. I could have done them in my sleep, so I was using the work to relax and unwind – it was almost therapeutic. "This work is good. You are far more advanced than this, daughter. You insist upon working at the level of the other lords and ladies your age but it is clear your mind is well passed this." I chewed my lip, eyes downcast. "You know why I do it." I had been telling them for many years that the other children, and then young adults, had taken some exception to me. At first it had been apparent jealousy and I had told both the children and my parents I knew it. That had gained me a little respect, or at least it had at first. I was seen as strong, as a little formidable. I didn't hide how easy I found any educational task set to me, As they got older, I heard the whispers from both the children and their parents. The friends I did have began to distance themselves, but for those like my cousins who I had grown up with as close to as if they were siblings. By forty it was clear I was different to to the others in a way I could not erase by simply besting them and staring them down as I had learned from my Dad. By fifty, I had learned how to pretend that I did not hear their words, but they cut into my heart painfully. Look at her, she thinks she is better than us. She thinks she is pretty, but she looks like a wildling. She climbs trees and throws herself from them at elves like Prince Legolas and Lord Glorfindel, and even Lord Celeborn when he passes. Her Mother is strange. She is strange too! Is her Mother a mortal? I heard she died not only once but twice, and the Valar let her return. Why do they favour her? Is it not the only reason they were permitted to Valinor because of her friendships with Lord Glorfindel, King Thranduil, and Lord Elrond? I heard she was a coward and ran away from Mirkwood. Why does Lord Haldir love a creature such as she? So uncouth, so rude, and she speaks in a language none understand... even teaching it to her children so they do not know that they are of elven kind! The gossip was painful, and though I had only reached my fiftieth summer I was more developed than many intellectually and physically. I was slight in height, but my body curved as a full-grown woman's would and I was certain I was not far from the physical maturity many did not reach until their hundredth begetting day. I did not need my own... my own freakishness to make anything worse for my Mum. More and more it was becoming apparent to me that whilst she was trusted for her medicinal skill, demanded for her bread, and occasionally requested for her music from those who knew her before in Mirkwood, she was otherwise only befriended by those who had known her before we came to this place. I became certain when I realised that she did not perform any sort of music in public any longer, and even in our home the songs were quieter than they had been in Gondor and Ithilien where I had spent my very youngest years. She was not well liked by those high-elves, and so that was filtered to her children too. I could have resented her, and I sometimes wondered why I did not feel so. Yet my bitter anger was instead reserved for those who instead chose to make a judgement before even knowing her, and I felt that was much healthier than creating a chasm where there didn't need to be one. "This goes too far, darling. I will not have you hiding your potential simply because others cannot manage to contain their jealousy." I sighed, closing my eyes and flopping backwards. "If it were all that was, the others could go hang." I confessed, and I felt him come to rest by me. "Can you keep a secret?" "That rather depends on the secret, Lita." He said seriously. "True." I considered how to phrase the real problems I was experiencing. "Tell me; do Gel and Cal have many friends?" I turned my head to the side to watch his expression. Dad gave a puzzled frown, his eyes fixed at a point in the distance. "They have many playmates, though they are yet young." Well, true – my brothers were half my age almost exactly at that time. Perhaps this would not be so easy as I had hoped. "And how many of those playmates are we related to by blood, by marriage, or by friendships forged away from Valinor?" I watched his features change from clouded, to confused, and then to downright horrified. "Litawen, are there troubles that you have not told us of?" He said it as a question, but the tone of his voice suggested he had realised we faced difficulties with others our age, and older too. "I can handle them, Dad – I clearly do so perfectly well, if you did not realise it." I rolled my eyes, sitting up again. "This battle cannot be fought for me. I cannot help much of it, but some of it I can disguise a little by not drawing so much attention to myself. I would never have Mum suffer, nor you. I love you both far too much for any more hardship to come upon you and the thought that it could ever be my fault tears at me like a knife. So yes, I pretend, but you cannot fault me for that." "Yet here you are, telling me. It bothers you more than you care to admit." He drawled, and I dared to flash him a grin despite my anger. "I thought you should know what the others say about you. It is awful, truly awful, and I am sick of not being able to defend you both. Mum has said a few things, it is true, but you both treat me as if I am still a child when it is obvious that I am long past childhood!" I snapped, finally losing the patience that I usually found easy to keep. "And there stirs the dragon within." Father sighed, and then pulled me to him so that I rested on his shoulder. "I am sorry, my darling daughter. I promised to protect you when you came in to this world, and the job I have done these past few years has not been a good one." I frowned, about to protest, but he hushed me. "I would speak to your Mother about this, and then see what she would do. We should have told you of her past in full earlier, but we had hoped... we had hoped there would be more acceptance here than perhaps there has been." "I thought that might be the case. I am not so innocent as to think that our family is normal, Daddy." I used the name for him that I had always called him since a little girl, and his lips turned up in a smile. "I know it. You are as intelligent as both your Mother and I, and just as curious as she." He played with my hair, golden curls about my waist. "I think there is no point in continuing your tutoring, Litawen. You speak two languages fluently, Quenya to a point, and of course Common enough to get by. Sums, daughter-mine? You can do them in your sleep. You are fascinated by history and you sing with your Mother almost every night. You need a new occupation." "Such as?" My brows rose, and I waited for him to respond. He was seeming to toy with an idea before he met my eyes, so like mine. "Have you thought about taking your archery further?" "Truly?" I sat up, excited, and he shrugged. "It will keep you out of trouble, at the very least. A Huntress can find easy occupation." "I have been using a full bow for the last ten years, it is about time." I picked up my book of sums again, and then threw it back down with a sigh. "I love you both, you know that don't you?" "Oh darling, of course." Father said, sitting up and putting an arm around my shoulder. "I wish I hadn't told you, but I felt you deserved to know. I hate secrets." I brushed a tear away angrily, furious at myself for becoming so emotional. He offered a lopsided smile, and then brushed away the remaining dampness on my cheeks before kissing my forehead. "I know. You are too much like your Mother for my poor soul to take." "You love Mum." I pointed out as he stood, and he smirked as he was prone to do. His eyes lit up, and he opened the door to leave before turning back. "Yes, the thought had occurred to me. Practice fields, one hour." He paused, and then sighed. "I shall be telling your Mother of what has been happening. Tonight, I think Gelluion and Callon will find themselves otherwise occupied with one of their Aunts or Uncles." I grimaced, my excitement dropping a little. I knew that he would tell her, but I had hoped he would at least try to hide it a little. I was a clever lady, as much as I hated it, and I was intuitive too. "Oh, and Litawen? If ever you try to hide who you are again, I shall personally ensure you care for your brothers every evening for the rest of the year." xxxXxxx I heard their roaring argument that evening after dinner, which included much door-slamming and a flurry of curses in my Mother's tongue which I filed away for future use with a smirk. It wasn't a real fight, but rather her general anger at all things high-culture that she had never been fond of nor forced to endure at any real length until now. "Sometimes, I wish I was sodding human again! No, Haldir, you don't get to give me that