A Reversal of Fortunes Reginald Tiberius Livingston III. A respectable sounding name attached to a less than respectable wizard. The Ministry considered him one of the most wanted wizards in England. Reginald, brimming with self importance, saw it as a great honor to make the top ten on the wanted list. He felt that it was a testament to the artistry he displayed in carrying out his crimes. After all, no one had ever stolen so many magical objects directly out of the Ministry before. He didn't doubt that the Minister wanted him stopped. Many of the objects he stole were a mystery even to those in the Department of Mysteries, but he didn't let that stop him. Some wizards would pay good money for a chunk of cold metal if there was a chance it held powerful magic. Reginald didn't see any reason why he shouldn't profit from it. Apparently the Minister of Magic didn't share his reasoning. That was why he had put two of his best aurors on Reginald's trail. Reginald never would have believed they would find him within a week, but he didn't have time to think about how they had found him. "Give it up, Livingston," Harry said as he stood in the middle of Diagon Alley with his wand trained on the crates Reginald was hiding behind. "We've got you covered. There's no way out." Reginald wasn't ready to concede that there was no way for him to escape. Granted, Potter had cast an anti- disapparation spell, so he couldn't go that way. Weasley had blasted the wand from his hand and it lay in pieces beside him, so fighting his way out was unlikely. They had already stripped away his disguise, so pleading a case of mistaken identity wasn't going to work either. "Come on, Reggie," Ron said as he and Harry worked their way closer to the crates where Reginald was hiding. "Don't make this any harder than it has to be." Reginald could hear their footsteps coming closer as he looked around frantically hoping to find an open doorway to make a run for. Shifting his weight to look behind him he felt the lump in his coat pocket. Taking it out, he wondered why he hadn't thought of it sooner. He already had a buyer lined up for the mysterious portkey the Ministry had gone to such lengths to protect, but he didn't think his buyer would mind if he used it to insure a safe, and auror free, delivery. Just as Reginald took out the wooden box, Harry appeared and shot a spell that wrenched the box from his hand. Reginald watched as the little box flew away from him and hit the ground near Harry. The lid popped open and a coin rolled out, glowing a very Slytherin shade of green. The coin rolled in a wide arc before rolling back toward Harry. Reginald lunged for the coin, but Ron stunned him before he got near it. Harry placed a binding spell on Livingston as soon as he hit the ground, but failed to notice as the coin stopped beside his foot and seemed to balance on its edge momentarily. Ron started to yell out a warning to Harry just as the glowing coin fell over onto Harry's foot. It wasn't an ordinary portkey. Harry knew that right away. Instead of the familiar tug behind the navel he felt as if his entire body were being torn apart and reassembled again. It didn't last for more than a few seconds, but to Harry it seemed like an eternity. Harry's feet hit solid ground, and he stumbled backwards a few steps as screams rang out around him. Looking around Harry could see that he was still in Diagon Alley. He didn't know why so many people were screaming as they ran for the safety of the shops. Harry surveyed the street, but couldn't see any danger nearby. Harry turned and walked further down the street and noticed as he did that terrified people were looking out of the shop windows at him even as more fled further up the street. Harry heard two pops behind him and turned to see the new arrivals. As he did his jaw dropped. By reflex alone his wand sprang into action to defend against the spells the two had shot at him. Soon after, he had to defend himself once again. Harry noticed that they were working together in a standard auror capture technique. Harry knew it well and had no trouble keeping them from successfully closing the trap. "Give it up, Potter," Draco said as he tried another spell that Harry countered easily. "I might be willing to if I knew what was going on," Harry replied. "I doubt that, Potter," Ron said as he shot a hex at Harry that was countered easily again. "I don't know how you got out, but I doubt you'll go back willingly." "Go back where?" Harry asked as he defended against a simultaneous attack. "Back where you belong, Potter," Draco said. "Azkaban." "Azkaban?" Harry asked in horror. "It couldn't have been that bad, Potter," Ron said. "After all, all of your death eater friends were there with you." "This is crazy, Ron," Harry said as he blocked another spell and sent one of his own off to keep Draco from maneuvering to his flank. "I'm not a…" Multiple pops rang out all around Harry as more aurors arrived and Harry knew his chance for understanding what was happening had temporarily slipped away. He knew he only had seconds to act before an anti-disapparition spell was cast over the area. Harry turned on the spot and disappeared with a pop. Harry reappeared in Godric's Hollow with his wand at the ready, but he was alone in the street. Lowering his wand Harry turned to look at his house. His confusion only deepened as he saw not the house he had built on the spot of his parents old house, but his parents house. It looked dark and neglected, but as whole as it had ever been. It was as if there had never been a fire that burned it to the ground. Harry felt his forehead and was, for once, relieved to find his scar where it had always been. At the moment it was the only thing that made any sense. Harry had taken no more than two steps toward the front gate when pops once again rang out around him. A quick glance around was all it took for Harry to see the wand tips raising against him. Again, he disapparated. Harry took small comfort that the shrieking shack was the same as he remembered. He wasted no time in seeking the entrance to the passage that led to the whomping willow. By the time he made it to the base of the great tree, darkness was setting in across the Hogwarts grounds. It provided a good cover for him as he ran toward the castle. He wasn't sure why he needed cover, but given recent events it seemed prudent. He paused momentarily as he spied the warm glow of light spilling from the windows in Hagrid's hut. He wondered if Hagrid wouldn't be a better person to get the truth out of, but he realized that Hagrid would also be unable to hide his presence if anyone asked him about it. With regret he turned again toward the castle. Knowing it could be dangerous to walk the halls openly, and not having his invisibility cloak with him, Harry levitated himself toward the window of the Headmaster's office. It was half an hour later before the door opened and the Headmaster walked in. Almost immediately the portraits started to try to warn her to of an intruder. "Professor McGonagall," Harry said as he stepped out of a concealing shadow in the corner of the room. McGonagall spun around with wide eyes at the sound of Harry's voice and said, "Harry Potter. How did you get in here?" "Forgive me, Professor," Harry said as he noticed how uneasy McGonagall looked. "I levitated myself through your window. I had to see you. I didn't know where else to turn." "I don't understand," McGonagall said. "That makes two of us," Harry said. "I don't understand anything that is happening to me." "I'm not likely to answer any questions at wand point," McGonagall said as Harry realized he was still clutching his wand at his side. "I'm sorry, Professor," Harry said as he stepped closer to her. "My nerves are still a bit on edge. I wasn't thinking." Harry stepped close to McGonagall and held his wand out to her. She looked questioningly at the way he was offering his wand to her and considered what trick he might be trying to play. Slowly she reached out and took hold of the wand, and he allowed her to lift it from his hands. Looking at his wand carefully she was surprised to recognize the phoenix wand he had used as a student. Looking back up to his face she caught sight of his forehead and reached out to move the hair out of the way. Her eyes went wide as she quickly removed her hand and stepped back away from him. "Even you're afraid of me," Harry commented. "Why is everyone so afraid of me all of a sudden? Why is my parents house still standing? Since when is Draco Malfoy an auror? I don't understand any of it." "You really don't remember?" McGonagall said as she crossed to behind her desk. "Most of us would rather forget." "Oh, I remember everything," Harry said as he took a seat in the lone chair in front of her desk. "Everything has just gotten so messed up since I was in Diagon Alley today. Its like the entire world suddenly turned upside down or something." "Tell me," McGonagall said. Harry took the next few minutes to relate everything about what had happened to him from the time he and Ron had cornered Livingston in Diagon Alley. During that time she sat at her desk and considered his tale. When he finished, she exhaled slowly. "You say that you are an auror and partnered with Ron Weasley?" McGonagall asked. "Of course," Harry replied. "We haven't been separated since we were both sorted into Gryffindor." "I see," McGonagall said. "What was wrong with the house in Godric's Hollow?" "I had a house rebuilt there," Harry replied, "but it doesn't look anything like my parents house did before the fire. That house looks exactly like my parent's house before Voldemort killed them." "Killed your parents?" McGonagall asked as if he had just insulted her. "Mr. Potter, I haven't the slightest idea why you remember things the way you do, but I can assure you that your parents are not dead. They're in Azkaban, and until today you were as well." "I tell you that isn't possible," Harry pleaded. "Voldemort killed my parents when I was a baby. He gave me this scar on my forehead when he did it. The only time I've ever been to Azkaban was to deliver a prisoner there." "Have you truly lost your mind?" McGonagall asked. "I'm beginning to think so," Harry said. "Why would you tell me that my parents were in Azkaban?" "Because I testified at the trial that sent them there," McGonagall said. "What?" Harry asked. "Why?" "Because they were death eaters," McGonagall said. "So were you." "That's crazy!" Harry shouted. "I'm an auror! Voldemort killed my parents, and I killed him in my final year here!" "No, Mr. Potter," McGonagall said. "It was Draco Malfoy's parents that Voldemort killed. He was the one who killed Voldemort in that terrible battle." "That isn't true though," Harry pleaded. "Draco and his parents were the death eaters." "You really have lost your mind," McGonagall said softly. "You're transferring Draco's life onto your own. Maybe you're doing