So I have decided, for the 100 th time, to attempt to rewrite this plotline. Partially because the idea of Harry having a sister appeals to me and partly because there are not nearly enough twin stories on this site and they seem to be dwindling faster every day. I cannot guarantee that this will end up being more satisfying than any of my other attempts, but as I grow older I feel that I expect more out of my characters and how I want them to progress. So I can promise to try to make the ride as enjoyable as possible. I will also say that, as it is my freshman year in college, I may not be able to update quite as frequently as any of you lovely readers (or even myself) would like me to. Just stick with me. As a side note: Constructive Criticism is welcome but no Flames please and thank you. If, at any point in the story, there is something you wish to see, feel free to drop a review or message me to let me know and I'll do my best to include it. Anyhow, enjoy the first chapter and I will try to update as soon as possible! Disclaimer: I'll only do this once because it gets annoying after a while, but I do not own any characters except my OCs. All story line plot and characters belong to JK Rowling and/or Warner Bros. and I make no profit off this story. Summary: As her third year of Hogwarts looms and a strange house-elf appears to coax Harry to stay away from the school, Nessa can already tell that this year will likely be just as stressful for her as the last. And with newfound attention from George Weasley and Ginny Weasley's strange behavior, how will she ever survive this one? Chapter 1 It was not for the first time that Vanessa Potter found herself basking outside in the afternoon sun, reading one of the many novels that she'd found somewhere in the depths of her aunt's untouched bookshelf. There was nothing she loved quite as much as reading, and if it got her away from her family's death glares and angry spats then that was just an added perk. Aside from the fact, she needed a break from all of the happenings that occurred on Privet Drive and the end of her summer. Unlike Harry, the summer's end for Nessa came with mixed feelings of elation and dread. Hogwarts was by far one of the most beautiful places that she had ever visited in the entirety of her life and the part of her that desired so deeply to travel could not help but be excited to see the castle again. Though this would be her third year at Hogwarts, there had yet to be any site better than the one she glimpsed when the carriages rounded the corner and pushed their way past the gate. She enjoyed discovering the castle's secrets during her nighttime wanderings and she absolutely loved strolling through the castle grounds in the morning before breakfast. She loved the challenges of her coursework and lounging in the common room in the late evening when everyone had gone to bed. And she absolutely loved the food, something that was a commodity here at Privet Drive. Just thinking of the mashed potatoes and baked chicken and Yorkshire pudding and treacle tart made her mouth water with anticipation. But with the return of Hogwarts came all of the other students as well. While Nessa was not entirely opposed to being around other people, she could admit that she wasn't exactly what one would call a people person. She was perfectly amiable for the most part, but she was socially awkward and shy at the best of times and completely silent at the worst. Not to mention she found herself frequently overwhelmed by the constant socialization that her classmates seemed to enjoy so much and had a tendency to hole herself up in the library for days until she felt ready to see people once again. As such, she barely had any friends at Hogwarts and sometimes she dreaded being the awkward loner who followed her best friend around like a lost puppy because she really had no one else. Her only friend, Victoria Hastings, was exactly her opposite: loud and obnoxious, opinionated, and rowdy. Her position as Chaser on the Gryffindor Quidditch Team also provided her with the social skills required to maintain a large group of friends. As different as they were, Nessa sometimes found it hard to believe that they had even managed a friendship at all. In hindsight, they almost hadn't. Nessa had first met her on the Hogwarts Express playing a prank on another innocent first-year with two red-headed twins. Which normally may not have bothered her had the first-year not burst into distressed tears and run off in the opposite direction. She'd had no idea what they'd even said, but watching them snigger at another person's panic was enough to make her angry enough to dislike all of them. This was only amplified when she realized that Victoria, or Tori as she preferred to be called, was just as obnoxious and rude in class as she was to those in her year. It was not until Professor Snape, noticing her distaste for the other girl, had vindictively made them potions partners after Tori had blown up her cauldron trying to create a simple Cure for Boils. To his dismay, the two seemed to hit it off upon a few minutes of terribly awkward and tense minutes. They had been joined at the hip since. Her friendship with Tori, however, did not extend to the Weasley twins. Not because she didn't like them, because she certainly found them amusing once she got past their sometimes insensitive pranks, but because they made her nervous in a way that Tori did not. If Tori could be considered rowdy, then the twins were positively explosive. And, while she had been invited to join them all on several occasions, she always found some excuse to avoid an encounter with them. The twins were likely the most well-known of anyone at Hogwarts. Their positions on the Gryffindor Quidditch Team coupled with their jokester persona and good looks made them quite easily the most popular pair of people to grace Hogwarts. She was hardly going to spend time with them and awkwardly make a fool of herself. With all of these feelings put together, it really was no wonder that she needed a break from her relatives and Harry. Reading was the easiest way to do so, but she had to be wary of her aunt catching her out in the backyard. It was well-known to the household that the bookshelf was used mostly for appearances sake. Her uncle and Dudley were hardly intelligent enough to determine where to start reading and her aunt was always too busy spying on any of the neighbors to spend her time reading. Even Harry couldn't be seen near the thing. If there was one thing that Harry wanted to read, it was their schoolbooks and homework under the cupboard they'd once shared. Something Nessa found ironic, considering that he never wanted to complete any of his homework while they were actually at Hogwarts. Despite this lack of interest in the family's reading material, if Aunt Petunia or Uncle Vernon caught wind of her taking books off of the perfectly managed and underused bookshelf, they'd have a conniption. The books were solely for the Dursleys and she was not entitled to touching things that did not belong to her. For reasons unknown to her, her aunt and uncle seemed to have a much stronger dislike for her than they did for Harry. So it really was no surprise that the sound of the back door slamming made her jump so high that the book she'd been reading fell out of her hands and she had to scramble to hide it behind her back. She sighed in relief when she recognized it was Harry. She'd disappeared after having helped him make breakfast, skipping the meal herself in her attempt to escape her family and enjoy the warm, sunny day. She'd heard the argument about Hedwig from upstairs before she'd managed to sneak outside. To top it off, she and her brother had been told several times that they would be staying upstairs for the duration of their uncle's dinner party tonight, pretending they didn't exist. But in her own attempt to get some peace, she'd forgotten that today was much harder on Harry. The Dursleys had, of course, pretended to forget that it was Harry's birthday, something that angered her a great deal. Sighing dejectedly, she stood up to take a seat next to him on the garden bench and caught the tail end of his sarcastic birthday wish. "…Happy birthday to me…" He stared miserably into the garden hedge without saying anything to her at all. She rested her head on his shoulder and held the silence; she didn't want to push him to talk, especially because she had been insensitive to him before in her own attempt for alone time. She also knew that it was hard for him, having his birthday in the summer, because he had not received any cards or gifts from anyone at Hogwarts. Not from Hagrid, who was rather fond of him, or from his best friends, Ron Weasley (she seemed to be surrounded by Weasleys these days) and Hermione Granger. His eager behavior and happiness at being able to return to Hogwarts at the end of the summer had slowly begun to dwindle to nothing when he hadn't received one single letter from any of his friends. In a selfish way, Nessa was happy that his friends hadn't written him. She'd always been jealous of Harry's ability to acquire friendships with ease, despite his shy personality. Which of course made her feel guilty for even thinking it to begin with. "Do you ever think about it?" Harry asked quietly, disrupting her thoughts, his gaze never leaving the hedge. "Leaving here, I mean. Just the two of us." "A couple times," she admitted, leaning her head back to look at the sky above them. "But then I think about how we could never possibly survive without money and food and water—" She was interrupted by the laughter that erupted from her brother. He was finally looking at her, mirth in his eyes. "Always practical, you are," he said, shaking his head and looking back at the hedge, this time with a grin on his face. She shoved him off the bench. "Well one of us ought to be." She said, rolling her eyes as he continued to snigger below her. They had been so interested in their own conversation that neither had heard the back door close as their cousin walked outside. It was not until they heard his loud, jeering voice that the Potter siblings stood to face him, Harry standing slightly behind his sister's smaller frame, a matching glare on both of their faces. "I know what day it is," Dudley jeered, coming right up to him. "Well done," said Harry. "So you've finally learned the days of the week." "Today's your birthday," sneered Dudley. "How come you haven't got any cards? Haven't you even got friends at that freak place?" "The only cards you get are from your parents, you great spoiled prat," said Nessa, her voice cold. "Run along, Diddykins. Mummy misses you." She'd never quite seen her cousin swell to that particular size before, but she smirked at having angered him so quickly. Harry's voice interrupted her amusement. "Better not let your mum hear you talking about my school," said Harry coolly. Dudley hitched up his trousers, which were slipping down his fat bottom. "Why're you staring at the hedge?" he said suspiciously. "I'm