GUYS, I'M BACK! I am back from my like six month long break and I am refreshed and renewed! I'm so back that I am even a beta-reader now, so if you guys need a beta-reader, then PM me ;)! I am really so so so so sorry for the long wait, but ya know writer's block...anyway's here's the first chapter of the sequel to The Nanny! It picks up right where it left off…..I don't have anything else to say except enjoy! Disclaimer for the entire story: I, sadly, do not own PJO. Chapter One: The Proposal Part 2 *Annabeth's POV* As soon as Percy and I got to the beach, we jumped out of the car and headed towards the water. He pulled off his shirt and waited by the shore for me. Percy laughed as I jumped on his back, wearing a green bikini, before he started to run towards the water. He closed his eyes and sighed in contentment as he breathed in the smell of the ocean. When he opened his eyes, he found me staring at him with a certain look in my eyes, a look that was mixed with lots of different emotions, so he couldn't decide which were present. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him closer to me. He kissed me back and then I pulled away a few seconds later. He pouted as I swam away from him teasingly. He glided through the water as he swam after me. When he caught up to me, he wrapped his arms around me and whispered in my ear, "You can't get away from me that easily, Wisegirl." After a while, we finally got out of the ocean to put our things in the cabin and to change into something more comfortable. I was sitting down on our beach blanket watching the glow of the sun on the water; the sun was about to go down. Looking around, I noticed that there weren't many people at the beach today. There were only a few couples on the beach, and a mother was walking up the beach shore with her daughter. Then I felt Percy sit down behind me, wrapped his arms around my waist, and rested his chin on my shoulders. I turned my head sideways in his direction and kissed him on the cheek. Percy grinned at me before he took my hand and helped me up. I looked at him questioningly, but he just shook his head and pulled me along. When we found an empty part of the beach, he stopped and laid the blanket that we had grabbed out on the sand. He sat down on the blanket, and I sat down between his legs. He wrapped his arms around my waist and rested my chin on her shoulder, like he had done a few minutes ago, looking out at the sun; we had at least ten more minutes before the sun sets. After we had been sitting there for a good five minutes, I broke our peaceful silence by asking him, "Are you going to tell me why you dragged me out here?" He looked at the sky to find that the sun had set. he looked at me and replied, "Yeah." "Well, why did you drag me out here?" "For this," He got up and pulled me with him. He kept a hold of both my hands as he took a deep breath and got down on one knee. I gasped when I realized what he was doing; it brought tears to my eyes. "Annabeth Chase, I love you with all my heart and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. Before you came into my life I was happy but I was still depressed over losing Calypso and when you came I felt happier than I had in a long long time. For once since Calypso died I didn't think about her constantly but even when I was with Rachel, all I could think about was you. The large empty hole that was supposed be my heart was filled when I met you. From the moment I first saw you at Starbucks I knew there was something special about you." He paused to take a breath before continuing again, "I know we had a difficult time when Ethan, Zoë, Bianca, Benkendorf, and Silena died and I don't think I would have been able to get through it if it wasn't for you. I know we haven't known each other for long but it feels like we've known each other all our lives. I love you, Wisegirl. I want to expand the family we've already created, you've been more like a mother to Adam than anyone else has been in a long time and he adores you, just like his father. I want to spend the rest of my life with you, and I hope you feel the same way about me. That is why I am going to ask you this question, ask you to be mine and I be yours for the rest of our life. Annabeth Chase, will you do me the wonderful honor of marrying me?" I stared into Percy eyes, shock paralyzing my ability to move my mouth. When I came to my senses a few seconds later, I grinned and shouted jubilantly, "Yes, of course I'll marry you!" When I hadn't said anything Percy had tensed up but know he was grinning from ear to ear as he stood up and slid the beautiful ring onto my finger. It was gorgeous; it had a simple platinum band with one diamond cut in a Marquise shape sitting in the center of the band. Percy gave me a peck on the lips before he pulled me into a hug. "So this is why you were so nervous this morning and you almost called me your fiancée," I guessed. "I should have known you noticed that." Percy chuckled as he pulled me into a hug. I smiled as he wrapped his arms around my waist and I wrapped my arms around his neck. "I love you," I whispered. "I love you, too." We stayed on the beach for a little while longer before we decided to go back to the cabin. My mind was reeling with wedding plans as we walked back to the cabin, and by walking I mean, Percy giving me a piggy-back ride. "Annabeth, you know I love you but you're killing me!" Percy cried out. I rolled my eyes and smiled, "Oh, stop being so melodramatic, Perce. I probably weigh as light as a feather compared to you." Percy laughed and sighed, "I guess you're right." "Like always!" I sang. "Oh, shut up, before I drop you." Percy threatened. "You wouldn't dare drop your fiancée, Perseus." I narrowed my eyes. "I suppose your right." Percy sighed with a thoughtful tone. I rolled my eyes and bent down bury my head in his neck. A few seconds later we were walking up the steps of the cabin. Percy put me down as before he opened the cabin door. "I'm going to go change," I told him as I headed to the bedroom to change out of my clothes and into my pajamas. When I came out of the bedroom I found Percy sitting on the couch watching TV. Putting my hair up I chuckled as I walked into the kitchen to grab a bottle of water. "Annabeth, can I ask you something?" Percy asked as I sat down and curled up beside him. "Yes," "Well, you know how you said that you wanted to start your own architecture firm?" "Yeah..." I say hesitantly, not knowing where he was going with this. "Well, I got you a office building." I sat up and looked at him with astonishment written across my face. Percy looked up at me with an almost innocent expression as if he didn't get why I was surprised. But the one thing that have him away were his eyes, they were full of mischief. "Percy, are you serious?" I asked my voice full of disbelieve. He just simply nodded his head, instead of an innocent expression on his face he was smiling softly. "Oh my gods!" Was all I could say seeing as I was still so shocked. I turned toward Percy and gave him a huge hug. "Thank you so much, Percy!" "No problem, Wisegirl. Think of it as an wedding present." Percy replied. "Gods, I love you so much!" I exclaimed as I pulled away from the hug to look at him. "I love you more." Percy murmured as he rested his forehead on mine. As always, my mind went blank when Percy closed the distance between us and the only thing I was thinking about was my future. From tomorrow to fifty years from now and Percy was by my side the entire time. The next day passed by in a breeze. Pretty soon, we had all of our things packed up and in the car. I was on the beach staring at the ocean when I felt Percy's familiar arms wrap around my waist. "Are you ready?" He asked as he planted his chin on top of my head. I turned around in his hold and said, "Never been more ready in my life," Percy lifted his head up from my neck and smiled, "Great. Are you ready to tell everyone, Wisegirl?" "I already assumed that everyone knew." "Well, you're right, but the only people that I haven't told are my Dad and Adam." "So do you want to go visit your dad before we stop by your parent's apartment to pick Adam up?" I asked as I leaned my head against his chest. I felt his chest rumble as he replied, "Yeah, let me go and call his secretary so he'll know were coming." He kissed my forehead before pulled away and took my hand and led me towards our car. When we got in the car, I looked out of the windows, at the clear sea blue waves that matched the sky so perfectly. I sighed in contempt as Percy started the car while he called his dad's secretary. The rest of the ride was filled with a comfortable silence. Every now and then Percy would grab my left hand and bring it to his lips. When we got to the grand opening it was crowed. There was a crowd around the front of the building. After we found a place to park, Percy and I started to make our way towards the front of the building. When we were finally able to push our way through the crowd we found ourselves in front of the doors. Poseidon, seeing us, opened them and pulled us in. "So, do you guys want to tell me what was so important that you couldn't wait until after I finished the grand opening?" Poseidon asked with curiosity twinkling in his eyes. "Sir, you start the opening in ten minutes." His assistant told him. "Well, what is it you wanted to tell me? Am I going to have another grandchild?" Poseidon asked excitement evident in his voice. Percy and I blushed a deep crimson, "No!" "Then what is it?" I looked at Percy and nudged him while raising my eyebrows. Percy glared at me before he turned his attention back to his father and told him, "We're getting married." "Congratulations!" he yelled as he swept Percy and I into a huge hug. "Sir, I'm sorry to interrupt but it's time to start the grand opening." His assistant told him. Poseidon pulled away from Percy and addressed his assistant, "Okay, and Nicole I want you to clear my schedule for the rest of the day." "Okay, sir," Nicole agreed before she walked off to go clear his schedule. "Dad, are you sure that's necessary?" Percy asked as soon as Nicole was gone.