The First Son of Artemis, Book 2: A Mother Trapped A:N) A quick note before the beginning of the sequel! THIS IS NOT A KANE CHRONICLES/PJO CROSSOVER! I know some of you have never read The Kane Chronicles, don't worry you people. This first little bit will be the only major mention of Magicians and Ancient Egypt in the whole book. There will be small mentions here and there, but don't worry, this will be all PJO after this! SO PLEASE ENJOY MY FRIENDS! Jay's POV (1 st person) Lightning sparked at the tip of the long wooden staff. I could feel the power radiating around me. It continued to spark more and more at the tip. Okay now was the time, I would finally be able to do it! Nothing could distract me this time around, I was going to do my first piece of magic if it killed me. I was finally about to wave the staff to let the lightning fly, when out of nowhere I was tackled from behind and I felt something on-top of my neck! "Ahhh Hades!" I shouted as I was taken to the ground. I looked up and Khufu, Amos's crazy pet baboon was on-top of me! Apparently according to Ancient Egyptians, baboons were worshiped for their intelligence. Me personally, I didn't see much of that. After the whole, finding out I was the first ever half demi-god, half ancient Egyptian magician ever born, Amos, the man who explained all this crazy Egypt stuff to me, offered to take me in for a few months, to at least show me how to control magic. That was 6 months ago, it was December now. Here I was 14 years old now, hard to believe I survived this long. I still had my mother visit me in my dreams regularly, and I was always talking to Percy and Annabeth via Iris message. My mother had been scaring me lately however. Her visits had become less frequent, and when she did see me, she seemed so stressed out a tired. Which may not seem like much, but since she's the goddess of the hunt, she never tires easily. However she had been very secretive to what was wrong, and she made more of a point to see how my magician training was going instead of telling me what it was that was bothering her. Well part of Amos's wall was now burnt to a crisp and I was laying on the ground with a baboon on my back, so you can probably tell how my magician training was going. Speaking of Amos's wall, when I first saw Brooklyn house… well let's just say it made my grandparents mansion look like a hobbit house. It was absolutely huge! It was a few stories high, with all sorts of ancient Egyptian decorations. A huge luxurious kitchen, a grand entryway, and more it seemed like it had enough bed-rooms to fit all of camp half-blood! However I must admit, the giant statue of Thoth, the Egyptian god of knowledge standing in the entryway, did scare me. "Get off me you crazy baboon!" I yelled pushing him off me. He did a back-flip, a better back-flip then I could ever do. He had his basketball with him and shoved it into my hands. "Ugh!" He urged, after being with him for a few months, I had learned to translate what those "ughs" meant. "No Khufu I don't want to play basketball right now!" I said tossing the ball back to him. I also learned that Amos's pet baboon, was very fond of basketball, and would make me play with him from time to time. Let's just say you've never officially had a crazy experience in your life, until you've played basketball with a pet baboon in Brooklyn. He made a few more baboon noises which were no doubt curses at me, before walking away. "Hold on Khufu, where's Amos? I need to talk to him." I asked. "Ugh!" He went pointing towards the back balcony. "He's over near the pool on the terrace?" I asked for approval. He nodded and ran into the living room to watch "NBA TV" on the sofa. I walked through the huge house, which I still got lost in sometimes. I had to ask Amos what I was doing wrong with this magic stuff. I had been here for 6 months, and I still had only managed a few simple spells. If I was really going to lose someone close to me this year, like my Uncle, the god of the sun and prophecies Apollo, predicted, I would need to at least know enough spells to do some damage. However I didn't know how much damage Egyptian magic would do against Greek monsters. I walked out and smelled the fresh Brooklyn air, and found Amos sitting at the table by the pool. Oh yeah, another thing this house had, was a pool on the back terrace over-looking the whole of the city. I could see the empire state building from here. I could pretty much feel the power of all the gods who were up there right now. In case you didn't know, the famous Mount Olympus from Ancient Greek mythology, always moved to wherever the seat of power was in the world. So since for the last few hundred years, America had been the main seat of power in the world, Mount Olympus was a-top the empire state building. "Ah Jay, please sit, how have you enjoyed the 21st Nome these last few months?" He asked me as I sat down at the pool-side table next to him. Of yeah I should probably explain that to you guys to. When the Ancient Egyptian Gods gave the Pharaohs of Egypt magic, as Pharaohs died and had children, there magical blood was passed to them. Eventually when there was enough magicians, they formed an organization called, The House of Life. The House of Life grew more and more as years went by, and they still continued their operations even after the fall of the Egyptian empire. As years went on the started to spread, and make more bases across the globe. Each base was called a Nome, and whatever number the Nome has in-front of it. So the base in Egypt, is called the 1st Nome, since it was the first base established. Brooklyn house, which was what Amos called this place, was the 21st Nome, which means it was the 21st house of life base created. The House of Life basically served as the police force for any problem that was Egyptian. "It's been great, I really like it here thanks. I just wish I could finally get this magic thing down." I told him sipping from a cup of coffee. He nodded, "Good I'm glad you're enjoying it. Please, don't fret about the magic part that will come. It took me months before I could cast any spells at all." He informed me trying to make me feel better. It helped a little, as I watched the giant crocodile splash about in the pool. Yes, yes I know Amos kept some very odd pets. The crocodile's name was Phillip of Macedonia, I know weird name. He was white with red, eyes and Amos had told me he was here for protection reasons. I had to admit he was rather intimidating. It would be suicide for anyone trying to rob this place. We were silent for a second, munching on donuts and sipping coffee Amos had brought. I finally had to break the silence, and ask him the same question I asked every-day. "So any-word on how Carter and Sadie are doing?" I asked. He nodded his head. "Same as every-day Jay. Carter and my brother are somewhere studying some Egyptian artifacts. Sadie, is living quietly in London with her grandparents. The two of them are both okay from what I gathered." He told me, the same exact thing he told me every-day I asked. I nodded. Amos went on. "Don't worry too much about them Jay. My brother is an even more powerful magician then I am. Sadie, you have my word that absolutely nothing will harm her, she's well protected." "How is Sadie well protected? I thought you told me her grand-parents hate magicians." I asked him. "Trust me Jay, no harm will come to her. Nothing bad will happen to her." He said in that tone that meant. "I mean what I say don't ask questions." I understood and didn't question further. "So, how do I not remember them at all? Or how-come I don't have any memories from that time at all?" I asked him. He leaned back in his chair and sighed. "Well first Jay you must understand, the cardinal sin you can commit in the House of Life, is interacting with any god in any way. It is punishable by banishment." He explained. I nodded. "Yeah I know that, you told me that before." "Well when I sat any god I mean ANY god. When the House of Life figured out your mother, was Artemis, they were outraged. We had managed to hide your mother's identity for 5 years, but once you started showing signs of being a demi-god, the house figured out. They were outraged at your father, so he was banished from the house along with his family." He said reminiscing. "So is that part of the reasons my grandparents don't exactly like me?" I asked. He nodded. "Yes, they were banished along with him. He was a great magician, he was one of the best students i ever had here. After you were about five years old the house figured out that your mother was a goddess. So, before they banished your family, they made sure you yourself couldn't remember anything about magicians and the House. They wiped your memories of all stuff magic, and that included Carter and Sadie." He explained with a grim expression. That answered a lot of questions. Like why my father kept his magician identity a secret from me. He wanted me to just focus on my demi-god side, and not the magician side. If I were to show my magician side, the House could have possibly found me. I didn't regret who my mother was at all, I loved her and she was a great mother, I was lucky. Most demi-gods can go there whole lives without meeting there godly parent, but I was lucky enough to be an only child. I don't know what I would do if anything happened to my mother, however I never worried about her safety. She was goddess, she couldn't die, and would never fade unless the moon got blown up or something. Nothing could cause her any serious pain. I was about to say something else to Amos, when the water in the pool began to splash furiously. Phillip was going absolutely crazy. I was about to press my belt-buckle, to summon the special silver daggers my mother had given me. However thankfully I looked up, and it was just an iris message. In it, was my best-friend, and favorite son of the sea god Percy Jackson. I smiled and walked over to the pool side. He was in him and his mom apartment, and looked like he was getting ready to go on a trip, which was weird considering it was the middle of December. "Percy! It's good to see you man." I said smiling. He smiled back. "It's good to see you to Jay. How's all the magic stuff going?" He asked. Percy, Annabeth, Grover, Nico and Bianca, and our friend Thalia were the only other demi-gods who knew about me being half demi-god, half magician. "It's going great! Is anyone with you?" I asked looking around. "Hey Jay!" I heard someone yell in the background. Into view, came my favorite daughter of Athena, it was Annabeth! Right behind her