What's a Little Death between friends? Chapter 1: Watch that First Step. "Harry Potter, what in blazes are you doing?" came a question that was half asked, half demanded from a voice behind him. Harry Potter froze for a moment at the sound of the voice, before he relaxed recognizing it and allowed his hand to continue tracing over the roughhewn rock in front of him. He idly noted somewhat to his own surprise that the rock alternated between feeling warm and cool underneath his touch. Given where he was he had guessed that it would be cool at all times. As far as he could tell it didn't seem to have any rhyme or reason for how it changed temperature. "Hello, Tonks," His voice was relatively calm at the unexpected interruption, and he didn't turn around to acknowledge the woman, "How are you this evening?" "I was a lot better before I did my rounds and found you down here of all places," the room sounded with her footsteps as she got closer to him, stopping several yards away. "You didn't answer my question." Harry noted that her voice was more tentative than usual. This wasn't an on-duty Auror demanding why he was in a restricted area of the Ministry. This was his friend. One of the few friends he had left. Though Harry could hardly blame her given where he was currently positioned. He was standing right in front of the Veil of Death and running his hands over the asymmetric rock that outlined its arch. "Do you ever wonder what's beyond the Veil, Nym?" Harry asked. It was a sign of the tension Tonks felt in the air that she didn't even attempt to scold him for a different use of her name. Though she was well aware that it wouldn't do any good. He had been calling her that for months, at least when he was speaking to her about serious matters, though usually only when they were alone. Secretly she enjoyed it when he called her that… but she would never actually tell him that. "I… yes of course I do Harry. Everyone does, I'm sure." Tonks replied carefully. She was no fool she could tell Harry was tense and given what she had learned about him over the past few months, he had an expression on his face that told her that seemed intent on doing something. The fact that he was in front of the bloody Veil of Death was not helping her mindset at the moment. She tried to keep her tone light as she moved a bit closer to him, all the training she had in her academy days about talking down suicidal people coming to the forefront of her mind, though she kept her hands away from her wand. Experience over the past year had also taught her that Harry could be jumpy, even with people he trusted. Her particular lesson had been learned when he had come into the house from a rainstorm and she had gone to cast a drying charm on him to be helpful and found herself disarmed, stuck to the wall, petrified and with a glowing wand pointed right between her eyes. He had apologized profusely to her and set her free a few moments later after he realized what she intended. She had mostly shrugged off his apologies, they had just lived through a war and she could be jumpy in certain environments as well. Though Harry seemed to be tense all the time. However she had learned that it wasn't an isolated incident. She had heard several other people whisper about similar experiences. She had seen when he had done nearly the same thing to Kingsley in his office, when he had gestured with his wand in Harry's direction. Of course he had also petrified herself and the other auror in the office at the same time. "I think we all find out eventually," Tonks said with an attempt at being lighthearted, "Most people just aren't in a hurry to do so." "No… I don't mean finding out about death in general," Harry paced both hands flat on the stone arch. "I mean literally. What is on the other side of this Veil? Why would someone go through the trouble of enchanting something like this… if it only 'killed you'? This thing has been here for at least six thousand years. Why put that sort of effort into something?" "No one knows… its all guesses and conjecture." Tonks replied uneasily. She was watching Harry carefully now. His entire manner seemed bemused and detached and it worried her a great deal. Harry's hands moved over the stone slowly, moving slowly around the side of the arch and then back, the silence hung for almost a minute before he replied, "I think… I'm going to find out." he said, his tone still quiet as he returned to the front and once more looked at the rippling doorway in front of him. "What?" gasped an astonished Tonks, "You can't do that… you'll die!" "How do you know?" Harry asked, his tone quiet and truly curious, his hands never stopping their gentle stroking of the stone before him. "It's a one way trip to death. Everyone who goes through dies…" she said with exasperation. "How do you know?" Harry repeated with that same curiosity in his tone, refusing to look away from the Veil, keeping Tonks from establishing eye contact with him. "Remember Sirius?" She demanded with more than a touch of anger creeping into her tone. She knew it was probably a low blow but she needed him focused on something besides the Veil. Harry looked back at her sharply before the anger in his expression faded to one of resignation, "Of course I remember Sirius. It was partially my fault he died," he replied. Harry's voice was sharp and tinged with a bit of bitterness and anger as his fingers traced over the rock slowly. Tonks moved to speak, to console or deny but Harry cut her off, "However the Veil didn't kill him. It merely took his body. The curse from his cousin was what killed him." He had lost both Sirius and Remus in that battle. Both of the last true Marauders had died. One had fallen to Bellatrix, and the other to a combinations of both male Lestranges. There was also a warning note to his tone, one that told Tonks she was walking on thin ice and to tread carefully. Tonks was quiet at that, she had been taken out of the fight by her insane aunt so she hadn't witnessed it. She had just been told later that he had fallen through the Veil. Harry seemed to take her silence as an opportunity to continue, "So we don't know what actually happens when someone goes through the Veil. And… I plan to find out." "How?" Tonks demanded her throat suddenly dry, she took a very careful step forward, fear of pushing him preventing her from moving any faster. Harry finally turned to gaze at her fully with a look that was combination scorn and incredulity, "By stepping through of course." "You can't!" Tonks gasped, reaching toward him and stopping herself when she realized that he hadn't yet taken a step toward the Veil. "Why not?" Harry asked, once more his tone was of polite but honest confusion. "Even…. even if it doesn't kill you. No one who has gone through has ever come back! It's just a one way trip!" Tonks sputtered. "So?" Harry asked, truly seemingly like he didn't understand where her complaint with that situation. "What… what about everyone here?" Tonks demanded as she gestured around. "What about them ?" Harry's eyes actually flashed with anger as he faced off with her, "The wizarding world has learned absolutely nothing. Everything we fought for, everything we bled and fucking died all for. They learned nothing ." Tonks made to reply but Harry cut her off, "Sure, Voldemort is dead, but everyone acted like that was it. He was gone and there was nothing more we needed to do. But the same problems remain. The same people are in power." "Kingsley has tried but the same people who hurt and killed my friends are blocking him at every turn," Harry's eyes flashed, "They're about half a step from declaring me a dark lord." Tonks winced at that, she knew Harry had a point. Kingsley and several others were staunch supporters of the last living Potter, but other than the absolute worst offenders of the previous regime, many of the Dark Lord's followers had gotten off claiming coercion or imperius once again. Draco Malfoy had even done so while under truth serum, and despite Harry now knowing exactly how the little shit had beaten the potion, there wasn't a thing he could do about it. That had led to loads of death eaters and other dark wizards getting off in the exact same manner. Of course their close call didn't stop their ambitions or goals which meant the Wizarding World was nearly in the same place it had been pre-Voldemort, with more of their opponents gone after Voldemort's constant purges. And many were definitely not fans of Harry Potter. It had barely been six months since Voldemort's fall and Tonks couldn't deny public opinion was being turned against him subtly, but slowly and surely. A big article in the Prophet had run just the day before wondering where Harry had disappeared to during his seventh year. Accusing him of being able to stop Voldemort much sooner, and having cowered and hid until he was forced to fight when he was trapped during the final battle. Tonks vividly remember Harry discussing how Dumbledore had let Grindelwald rampage in Europe for almost a decade and a half before confronting him. But Harry, who hadn't even finished Hogwarts yet, had been expected to snap his fingers and make the Dark Lord simply go away. What really got to Tonks about the situation was that it wasn't even Voldemort's old supporters that were the loudest voice. Yes they started the rumors and whispered the questions, but it was the Wizarding world of Britain that quickly took up the standard, much as they had done during Harry's school years. Given an easy scapegoat, one they knew wouldn't lash out at them, the mob didn't take long to forget everything Harry had done in favor of a new spin on his actions. "Wizards' disgust for 'lesser beings' is the only thing stopping them from going to the goblins and demanding the contents of my vaults," Harry half spat, "Despite the fact that I save them from being subjugated by a Dark Lord; they're still bitching about the people that died in the process. Saying that I owe them, of course nothing is said about the people I lost. Good thing I took everything the Potters and Blacks kept in the bank, otherwise they could try and take it all any day they manage to get the numbers for a vote. Greedy fuckers." "I should've just killed them all when I had the chance. Make the Wizarding world start over and drag them out of the dark ages kicking and screaming and bitching," Harry muttered almost to himself as he shook his head in disgust. "Who?" Tonks asked carefully watching Harry's expression. "The Death Eaters… the blood purists, the dark wizards that flocked to Voldemort's banner at the promise of easy chaos before I offed the bastard. All those who supported his policies and who even now keep those policies in place with almost no changes." Harry gestured widely "We're pretty much back where we started. And all those needless deaths were ultimately for nothing ." Harry's voice went from musing to helpless frustration as he turned and smacked his fist against the stone archway in frustration. "Six months ago I would have been appalled at the idea