Title: Fates Amiss Summary: "I love you, Leo Valdez." The time for romanticism had past, and they let it slip away. They were in love with each other just not at the same time, now they just loved each other because they were both in love just with two different people. "I love you too, Hazel Levesque." Setting : In the midst of Mark of Athena, post Blood of Olympus, and a little after Hidden Oracle. Ships : Mainly Leo Valdez and Hazel Levesque, the relationship and the friendship. Slight mentions of Percabeth and a background mention of Lukabeth. Author's Note : Because the lack of Lazel fics are just sad to me. I just read Trials of Apollo and I wanted my story to kind of fit with the new series. This is my first contribution to the PJO archive, hopefully it won't be the last. Also, I wrote this in just one seating so there're probably a lot of pronoun and grammatical errors. Just dismiss them, I'll edit them later… Maybe… I don't know. HAHA. Please enjoy! Oh and before I forget: Disclaimer : I do not own any of the characters or the PJO, HOO, and TOA series. If I did Luke Castellan never would have died, Leo Valdez and Hazel Levesque would have ended up together, and Apollo would not have been named Lester Papadopoulos. Leo Of all the people he could have fell in love with, he had to fall for the one he could never have. Sure, Leo had a knack for falling for girls totally out of his league but falling for, let's say, a daughter of Pluto with a very very muscular and bear-turning boyfriend? That one takes the cake. To be quite honest, Leo never realized that he had fell for Hazel not until he'd promised Frank he wasn't moving in on his girl. Apparently, self-realization was a jerk and decided to come after he purposely closed the door to any future he could ever had with Hazel. The talk with Hazel afterwards in the itchy—whatever horse fishes' palace wasn't any help either. It just confused him even more. So he did what other people in his situation would do, seclude himself in work. Every day since then he did all the repairs himself, refusing any help from anyone. Not even Festus. He reasoned that the nearer they get to Rome, the more attacks they got, the more serious the damages. He didn't want anyone touching anything especially when one wrong move can lead to them spontaneously combusting and when Leo pointed out that he was the only one immune to that kind of ordeal, everyone was sold. So for days he was alone in different areas of the ship. At times at the hull, sometimes below the quarterdecks, but tonight he was at his favorite place, the engine room. The gears hummed a faulty rhythm but Leo found it soothing. The com echoed as Festus squeaked and creaked, giving Leo reports and ETAs. After Festus was done, Leo nodded in understanding. "Thanks a lot buddy. I promise to give you extra Tabasco sauce next time. You deserve it." The bronze masthead squeaked happily at the thought and the com turned into silent static. Leo looked around to see that there wasn't really work needed to be done. Some of the gears needed cleaning and he needed to change one of the shafts that held Styx water and one of the pipes looked dented but nothing that would take Leo long to fix. After a little more over than twenty minutes, Leo had finished working and he went to marvel on his work. "You really did quite an amazing job here, Leo." Apparently, he wasn't the only one to do so. He turned around to see Hazel gaping at the engineering. Leo flushed, no one ever really admired his work before, much less a girl he liked. "You know, I don't think I've really ever been here before. It's kinda cool." "Kinda cool?" Leo raised his eyebrows. "It's awesome in here!" He said proudly. Hazel gave a slight chuckle. Leo blushed once more; he loved making her laugh but then another part of him made him feel a little guilt. You made a promise remember? Stick to your word, Valdez! His feet shifted uncomfortably. "Why are you here?" Hazel sighed and instinctively rubbed her arm. She did it sometimes, when she's nervous. Leo remembered seeing her do it in the mess hall when they were talking about her brother, who they have yet to save. "I wanted to talk to you… You know, about us." Leo's eyebrows knit and he scratched the back of his head. "I'm pretty sure I've said all that I could for that matter, Hazel." Leo said and Hazel reluctantly inched closer to him. The few feet that was once in between them now had turned into a few inches. Only then did Leo realize that Hazel looked really groggy. She had been vomiting all day again and as good as those centaur fish were with their healing abilities, Hazel's hit on the railings during that Shrimpzilla attack still affected her and he remembered Piper making Hazel drink a few meds from sickbay a while ago. But Hazel was so close Leo was stuck feeling like he was about to combust. Hazel's golden eyes bore into his chocolate brown ones and she smiled a sad smile. "You look just like him." Both of them understood what she meant. Leo's bisabuelo, Sammy Valdez. Something the Fates apparently decided to toss up into his already messed up life. He had the nagging suspicion that the Fates were watching him and got bored and got an idea Hey why don't we let his great grandfather be the first boyfriend of the girl he loves and make them look identical? That sounds like a great plot twist! But tossed the idea aside. Personally, Leo did not like the idea of him being turned into one of the Keeping Up With The Kardashians episode. "We should get you to your room. Here, let me—" Before Leo could finish his sentence, Hazel grabbed his face and crashed her lips upon his. Leo didn't think Hazel was even aware of it because the next thing he knew she passed out in his arms. He wasn't ready to catch her either because he fell on his knees right before Hazel could hit her head on the ground. Leo looked at the beautiful girl that, quite literally, fell for him. Her cinnamon hair all frizzy and untamed yet perfect in its own right, her chocolate skin, button nose and slightly chapped lips that had touched Leo's a few seconds before. Leo sighed and let one hand through his hair. He scooped Hazel up and carried her to her room. It was a good thing that Piper and Annabeth were battling a bunch of gryphons by the deck. Okay, so not really a good thing but you get the idea. He managed to go unseen and enter the lower decks. As he walked through the corridors, Hazel's arms flew to his neck and she cuddled closer to him. It must have been his body heat that inclined her to do so, Leo thought, yeah definitely that. Once he got into Hazel's room, he carefully set her down on her bed, tucking her in with her sheets. He was about to leave when Hazel caught his hand and sleepily muttered, "Stay." "I can't, Hazel." Was what he should have said. He should have released her hand and left her to sleep. But no, Leo decided to be selfish and sit next to her watch her mumble in her sleep which he found really adorable. He absently recalled the moments earlier, when Hazel kissed him. It felt electric. Like a bunch of cable wires being struck by lightning, even if it was just for a brief moment. A part of him felt happy, as if he was the luckiest guy in the world but the other part of him was slapping happy Leo at the back of his big fat head. Frank was his friend. They've had their ups and downs but he was family nonetheless. He shouldn't be moving in on his girl, he assured Frank he wouldn't. But some sick part of Leo's subconscious was trying to reason with him. Hazel was the one that kissed him so technically he wasn't moving in on her, right? Then it made Leo go back to that memory and it made him curious as to what Hazel wanted to talk about. He wondered what more she had to say. A hopeful side to Leo thought that maybe she wanted to give him a chance. To give them a chance. But that was preposterous. It made him feel like a bad person to just even let it cross his mind. He stared at Hazel's sleeping figure and sighed in exasperation. How he loved this girl! She was the complete package: smart, beautiful, kind, skilled in battle, and has a long patience for Leo's antics. Too bad her heart had belonged to someone else, and that she only saw Leo as a brother and, worse, a ghost from her past. " You look just like him." She had told him and somehow it broke his heart more than anything Leo had ever experienced, and everyone knows Leo was the leading expert on heartbreaks. Losing his mom when he was a kid, be given away by his own flesh and blood, crushing on the wrong girl and be rejected over and over again, even being definitely subjected as the seventh wheel by a biker goddess. Not that it was a bad thing, looking like his great grandfather, but for Hazel to see him as Sammy Valdez rather than his own identity, that totally knocked out Leo's already low self-esteem. Maybe the only reason he even got close to Hazel was because he looked identical to his bisabuelo, suggesting that their friendship was never even real in the first place. Come on, Leo. That's just not fair. He thought to himself. His subconscious was right. It was not fair to Hazel for him to think of her like that. She has been nothing but kind to him. He knew that despite the situation, Hazel was a true and sincere friend just as everyone was to him. Leo had no right to doubt her intentions or anyone's for that matter. "I'm so sorry." Hazel squeezed Leo's hand tighter, for a second Leo thought he had mentioned all his thoughts out loud. But when he looked at her he found out that he didn't and that she was still asleep. Her eyebrows were furrowed and she was just sleep-talking. "Sammy, I'm so sorry. I broke his heart. I broke Leo's heart." A tear escaped her eye and Leo stiffened. She was dreaming about him. He let his free hand wipe the tear off Hazel's cheek. "It's okay, Hazel. It's okay." He whispered to her, a soft smile escaping his lips. Hazel seemed to have heard him and calmed down and started sleeping soundly once more. Leo kissed her temple and let go of her hand, walking towards the door. He stopped as he held the doorknob to glance at his love once again, giving off another sad smile. "I love you, Hazel Levesque." He hoped the words would reach her but he knew it wouldn't so he turned to go, leaving the sleeping beauty and whatever feelings he had for her behind. Hazel She had been crying herself to sleep more often than she should have. The war was over, Gaea had lost and the world was saved but it never felt like a victory to her, not with him dead. Nico and Frank had tried to console her, telling her that what he did was for the best and that it was the annoying, stupid,