AN: I do not own The Incas trilogy by A. B. Daniel, nor do I own the Hunger Games or the Tudors. There is an important AN at the end of the chapter. Chapter 1 – Te Amo The Huaylas Cordillera, the 5 th of April, 1533 On foot, leading his horse by its bridle and carefully picking his way through the crumbling rocks, Peeta presses on. Only two porters bearing tent poles and canvases precede him. The path is just wide enough for his bay horse to follow him without shying. They had been travelling cautiously along a cliff top since dawn, pressing on through fog so thick that they had not been able to see either the sky above or the river that they could hear grumbling angrily far below. But now, the fog clears from the bottom of the cliff as though it had been suddenly inhaled into a giant's mouth. It stretches itself thin, coils into wisps and shreds itself to nothingness on the sharp rocky edges. A warm breath of air caresses Peeta's face. He blinks, puts one hand on his horse's shoulder, and comes to a halt. In an instant, the light becomes dazzling, the sky a pure blue. And in this sudden clarity Peeta realises that the expeditionary force has only come halfway along the cliff top. The path does not lead up into a great valley as they had imagined, but rather into a breach in the mountainside, a gully so narrow that it seems merely to have been cleaved open with a giant axe. Drops of moisture on the leaves and fronds of a myriad luxuriant plants clinging to the cliff face sparkle in the sun's rays. Six hundred feet below, the swirling river, fattened by the recent rains, growls like a wildcat. It is so full of earth and pebbles torn from its banks that its water is now a dark ochre colour, the same hue as the mud that the Incas use to cob walls. Although from this height it is difficult to make out the finer details, Peeta knows that tree trunks, branches, clumps of grass, orchids and cantutas occasionally float by in the turbid current. He glances back at the long column following some way behind him. It looks like an immense, variegated snake against the verdurous rock face. The column is headed by a hundred or so porters stopping under their loads of gold, while following them are almost as many llamas, packed like donkeys. Then come the Spaniards, leading their horses along by the reins, with Coriolanus Snow's blood-red feather visible even at this distance. Finally, the big dais of their favourite 'guest', the Inca general Woof, is borne along at the column's rear. Only a week after the Battle of Cajamarca, Peeta and Katniss had left the hut, their little sanctuary, where she had tended to his wounds with tender hands and where they had learned so much about the other, and returned to Cajamarca. Peeta had wanted nothing else but to stay hidden with her, but the more rational side of him knew that they could not survive in this new world on their own. Katniss could always seek refuge amongst her people, the Indians who are still out there in the mountains, waiting for the Emperor's summoning, that will not come. But Peeta needed the protection of the conquistadores. Fortunately for him, Katniss made it clear that she would not disappear into the mountains, but instead return to the Inca, to serve him during his captivity. Apparently she was close to Emperor Gloss, an adviser of sorts. Peeta will never forget the looks they received from his fellow conquistadores when they rode back into Cajamarca. Finnick and Thresh had been beside themselves with worry for him and welcomed him back with open arms, but the others glanced at him with disbelieve and loathing in their eyes. Shortly upon his return Coin had immediately pulled Peeta aside, although a bit roughly, to hear what his cause for abandoning them had been. Peeta had told him the partial truth; that Katniss, who was an important figure to the Emperor, had been in danger, and that he had saved her from certain death. He had deliberately left out the fact that Katniss already holds a special place in his heart and that he could never live another day without her. Coin had believed him and even patted his shoulder and complimented him on a job well done. Only a few days later when he was about to leave Coin's quarters after having been given his new assignments, he overheard the quarrel of the Snow brothers. Apparently Coriolanus had been furious and had tried his best to have Peeta condemned as a traitor to the realm. Fortunately for Peeta, Coin would hear nothing of the sort. 'I was told you considered my treatment of Señor Mellark far too lenient. You said he deserved a greater punishment.' Coin had said. 'Brother, I simply thought, that a man who..' Coriolanus had started, but he was quickly interrupted by Coin, with a force in his voice that Peeta had seldom heard. 'What business do you have to think? If I were you I would not think, if thinking makes me come to the wrong conclusions. If King Charles had seven peasants, he could make seven lords. But if he had seven lords, he could not make one Peeta Mellark. His Majesty treasures the boy immensely. Don't you forget that.' And apparently none of the conquistadors did forget that, and it was instead Peeta's abandonment, that had been forgotten and never to be spoken of again. Peeta had left Cajamarca five weeks earlier to join Coriolanus, who had gone south in search of gold – as much gold as he could possibly get his hands on. This is the return journey, and the goal of their mission had been more than adequately achieved. Coriolanus is as crafty as he is violent. He cheerfully uses both lies and brutality to achieve his ends, and somehow he had persuaded the captured Inca Gloss' chief general to accompany the conquistadors. Consequently, Woof, famous for his ferocity, is following them in his palanquin all the way to Cajamarca, with the intention of joining his master there. He has a mere twenty warriors escorting him. Peeta cannot help but admire Coriolanus' feat, despite his contempt for him – a contempt that grows more pronounced with each passing day. Certainly, the peaceful capture of the Inca general might lessen – perhaps – the men's constant fear. Ever since what the Spaniards had taken to calling among themselves 'the Great Battle of November', not one soldier had woken in the morning without dreading an attack by Gloss' army during the day that lay ahead. The rumour is that it is still a large and powerful force. " Hola!" grumbles Finnick behind Peeta. "Would his lordship deign to move forward, or must we stay planted on the spot until Christmas?" Peeta smiles without replying. Finnick had been grumpy since morning. He is tired of leading his horse instead of riding it. Or perhaps it is the absence of his usually inseparable companion, Thresh the African, who is walking a little further back in the column, that is the cause of his ill humour. They set off again, still moving cautiously, holding the horses' bridles close to the bit to prevent the animals bolting. Soon enough they fall into a regular rhythm of climbing up and up, happy to feel the sun warm their faces at last. A shadow passes over Peeta before veering off and travelling across the cliff face like a gust of air made visible. Peeta turns his face skywards: an enormous bird is gliding slowly, lazily between the two sides of the canyon, not once beating its wings. It looks huge to him, even though it is so high up and far away. What was it Katniss had called that majestic bird? A mockingjay? Peeta measures in half-day blocks the passing of the remaining time that stands between him and Katniss. It goes by excruciatingly slow. He would look ahead at each mountain ridge that they come to and hope in vain that it would be the last, that beyond it they will at last begin the descent towards Cajamarca. He misses everything about Katniss: her voice, her mouth, the nape of her neck, her skin's fragrance of dried grass and peppered flowers. He longs to kiss her shoulders and every part of her skin, but his mouth tastes only the mountain's cold breath. He would wake in the night yearning for her caresses and her whispers, for the infinite silver of her eyes, eyes whose gaze he would lose himself in when they made love. He dreams of her body whose delights she knew how to deny and give to him simultaneously, of her savage tenderness, of they way she would tilt her head forward and half close her eyelids when she whispered that she loved him. He laughs at the memory of her timidity when he had taught her that word in the language of Spain. Peeta would awake a bashful lover, and go outside, wrapped in his damp blanket, to wait for dawn. He would look for Katniss through the fog and the rain, on the mountaintops and in the depths of the valleys. It is at those moments that Peru, that unknown country as strange as a distant planet, will appear to him as magnificent: magnificent because it is hers. And sometimes, during the course of the expedition's long, long daily marches, he would look into the dark and fearful eyes of the porters and try to find something of her in her people's features. "Oi! The dreamer there!" Finnick mutters brusquely from behind. He points his gloved hand and say, "Have a look at what's up ahead." Three hundred paces up the path, set above a bend in the river, a rope bridge joins the two sides of the canyon. The bridge is so long that it sags like a necklace on a flat chest. Peeta slows the pace. Finnick, his cheeks pale, comes up beside him and mutters, "I don't like it. And the horses are going to like it even less." But Peeta does not hear him. Instead, he whistles appreciatively through his teeth. "By Santiago! How in the world did they build that thing?" "Who gives a damn, Peeta. Ask yourself instead whether it's going to hold and how you're going to get across it." "By placing one foot in front of the other, I imagine," teases Peeta, "You're not frightened, are you, Finnick?" "I'm not frightened, compadre! I just don't like it, that's all." "Well, old friend, I'm afraid that all you can do is learn to like it. But perhaps your horse will learn to fly, a veritable Pegasus…" But Finnick looks unconvinced. They press on to the end of the path. There they discover the massive pillars to which the ropes are attached. Delicately woven strand by strand, each rope is as thick as a man's thigh. The guardrails are made of a complicated system of thinner ropes and knots. The bridge is wider than the track that they had just come up. Peeta stands transfixed, full of admiration. The Inca builders and architects had managed to create a structure as elegant as it is beautiful, without recourse to any iron tools at all: no saws, no gouges and no planes. Three of the gigantic rope cables support a roadway built of meticulously laid-out logs. A layer of twigs and leaves had been spread on top of the logs, making the way across less dangerous and slippery, and smoothing the surface. "By the Sacred Virgin", grouses Finnick, "Look there! Look, Peeta, it moves! It sags…" "Yes. I see it." says Peeta. The bridge is indeed a heavy structure suspended over a very deep ravine,