AN: Disclaimer - I do not own the Hunger Games or the Tudors. Chapter 1 – The Great Undertaking It's five minutes until midnight and a small group consisting of six persons are standing close together due to the lack of space. They are feet deep in the cold sewage, that is running slowly towards its exit at its reservoir placed many miles from here. The only light in this dark place comes from their headlamps, which they keep on a minimum on purpose. The smell alone in this place is enough for nobody to ever come down here, but that does not mean that the security cameras have not been installed. They have been – along with booby traps placed in strategic places. It had been a struggle for the group just to reach this point, even if they did have the knowledge of the traps' positions. This first part of the mission was completed, the second is far more difficult and the third part, the actual escape, almost impossible. The leader of the group is holding out a detailed map of the building above them – or at least as detailed a map as possible, since the building they are about to break into is the most secluded and guarded building in all of Panem. Anyone just thinking about breaking in is thought to be mad, and any attempt would have been thwarted the moment the decision had been made. But not for this group. This group is a highly trained military elite unit, who have been practising for this exact moment for a whole year. They had received the command the moment the announcement to all of Panem was made; when it was announced that the First Lady of Panem was pregnant. Since then, every day had consisted of planning and training. Every scenario had been played out for this mission to run as smoothly as possible. "Everyone, listen up and gather round," their leader states in a hush voice. "Here is a very great undertaking upon which our lives as well as the lives of all the innocent souls in Panem will depend on. Be in no doubt, that those who posses the heir to the presidential seat of Panem, will very soon posses the seat itself. The malicious line of Snow must come to an end. This boy cannot be allowed to grow up and follow the path of his father. President Coin has ordered that the boy is to be brought back to District 13 to be formed into our greatest hope for Panem." The silence and the importance of their mission hang heavy in the air. The sound of the flowing sewage is the only reason that time seems not to have stopped. "You've all volunteered for this, so you know what is at stake. At this very moment, we're standing right under a large cupboard located in the east wing of the presidential palace. We've five minutes until execution. Every person here knows his or her individual tasks and place?" Nods of confirmation can just barely be seen in the sparse light. "Good. Nevertheless, I'll go through the mission one last time. We'll drill a hole in the floor, big enough for a man to pass through. It should take maximum 10 minutes. When we're standing in the cupboard, we will move from here and along the corridor to the south in accordance with the guards' rotations." As he speaks, the commander points out their route on the map. The red dots on the map indicate the positions of the guards and the map seems to be covered in rod dots. But no one seems to be frightened by the sight. This is what they are trained to do. "Now, as we advance, we will encounter the stationary guards. They have to be taken out without the slightest sound. Any sound, any mistake and we'll be done for it. This room at the end of the hall is our target. This is the First Lady's lodgings. President Snow and his wife sleep separately at the moment. The boy is only 1 month old and will still be breastfeeding, so he'll be near his mother at all time. Also, there will be guards inside the room as well, and we'll most likely be discovered here. The orders are simple; kill the guards, pacify the First Lady, and take the boy. At this point, we'll have to return to the cupboard from which we came as fast as possible. We'll be one man down, since one of you will have to carry the boy. Leeg 1, that will be you." The woman, known as Leeg 1, confirms her place in the mission, "Yes, commander Boggs." "We'll then retreat down here and follow the same path out as we came in. If we've been discovered, we'll most likely be able to run straight for the hovercraft. The guards will have turned off the traps in fear of harming the heir. We'll have to reach the hovercraft before they do." With that Boggs, rolls up the map, places it in a pocket and readies his weapon. The soldiers shift from one foot to the other, gripping their own weapons as they prepare for what will be their most challenging mission to date. As the watch tells of the beginning of midnight, it seems the soldiers turn into carefully trained robots. The procedures they have repeated ad nauseam are coded into their movements. One person marks the place to drill and another controls the small drill. And 9 minutes later, the soldiers are able to remove the piece of the floor and make their entrance. As they enter the cupboard one by one, they have to remove several items, so the whole area around the hole is uncovered and there is space enough for them all to be standing there. Commander Boggs goes straight to the door of the cupboard and pulls out an electronic device, which shows any human moments on the other side of the door. A patrolling guard is approaching the cupboard and he is right on schedule. With one hand in the air Boggs signals for the others to stand completely still, ready to go. As the guard has passed the door, the signal to leave the cupboard is given. In the blink of an eye, Boggs has managed to break the guard's neck and catch him before he hits the floor. Two other soldiers make sure to place the body inside the cupboard, to buy them more time before the next guard is to patrol the area. Everything goes fluently and according to plan. They manage to take out the guards in the hallway without making their presence known, whether it is by brute force or with specialized soundless guns. And soon, they find themselves in front of a huge white double door with beautifully carvings embedded with gold leaves. The commander turns to Leeg 1 as if to ask her if she's ready to grab the child. She gives him a slight nod and the commander places his hand on the door handle. Counting down from three with his fingers he turns the handle and the soldiers storm inside the room, guns at the ready and fires at every guard in the room. The sounds of gunfire from the peacekeepers' weapons echo through the hall. Quickly, Leeg 1 scans the giant room until she spots the elaborate crib made from solid gold and marble with curtains of silk. Obviously it did not take long to locate the baby. As she reaches the crib she looks down upon the baby inside it. He's starting to stir due to the noise in the room. Even at this early stage, it is clear that the boy has inherited his mother's beauty with his perfect features and tufts of golden, soft curls on his head. Leeg 1 is about to reach for the boy when she sees something in the corner of her eye that neither of her fellow soldiers have detected and no one has been prepared for. The First Lady has risen from her bed. Her beautiful, long, blond hair still has the perfect soft curls and her skin unblemished, complemented by her long white silken nightgown with laces at the edges. Even in a situation like this she holds herself with such poise that one would only expect of the highest-ranking woman in the country. Not a single person would have thought her to be in distress at this very moment; only her chest is heaving heavily which gives away her current physical state. In her hands she holds a gun, finger ready at the trigger, and the gun is pointing directly at Leeg 1. "Get away from my son, bitch." she snarls, her icy blue eyes sending daggers at the intruder. But before she manages to fire the gun, she stills. Her light blue eyes widen, her mouth opens in shock and she falls forward into her bed, where the expensive sheets slowly are getting soaked from the blood pouring from her chest. Leeg 1 looks up, and sees her sister, known as Leeg 2, still holding her own gun towards the exact same position where the First Lady had been standing a moment ago. The whole room falls silent; everyone is staring at the dead woman. The palace guards have been taken down and only two of the soldiers from 13 have a superficial hit, which they are desperately trying to bandage. It's the sound of the crying baby in the crib that brings them back to reality. Leeg 1 quickly reaches for the boy and takes him into her arms. She also takes his sleeping blanket from the crib and clads him in it. Then she tries to lull him back to sleep, but the boy clearly only wants his mother. Well, that's a bit difficult know. "Soldier, what happened?" Boggs commands. He is furious and he keeps looking from the First Lady to Leeg 2, not quite believing what had just transpired. "I said pacify, not kill the First Lady! Was that difficult to understand?" he rages. "It was an instinctive move, sir. She had a gun pointing at my sister. There was nothing else I could have done! I would have pulled the trigger a thousand times over to prevent her from killing any of us." Leeg 2 says. "Well, there is nothing we can do about it now. There's no reason to linger, phase 3 is initiated. Move it! Leeg 1, make sure you keep that boy from crying. He's giving away our position." As they run down the hallway towards the cupboard, the sirens start and all the light is turned on. Their time being unnoticed has come to an end. As they descend down the hole in the cupboard they can hear the sounds of guards heading their way. Boggs is leading the team through the pipes as fast as he can, making sure that no one triggers a pod. In the meantime he makes contact to District 13. "This is commander Boggs to headquarters, we have the package. I repeat, we have the package. Approaching evacuation point." Everyone lets out a sigh of relief when the confirmation comes from the communicuff, "Commander Boggs, this is headquarters. Hovercraft is ready for take off." "Good, that's not a moment too soon, because here comes the guards!" a soldier, named Jackson, shouts from the back as she actives a small hand grenade and throws it back against the guards that are approaching them in the pipe. "That means they have shut off the pods. There is no way they would have reached us this fast with the pods still activated. Now, run for it!" Boggs yells at them. They manage to reach the hovercraft before the Capitol has found their hiding place and soon the pilots have the hovercraft in the air. No one says a