This was my entry for the Red Eyed Edward Contest. It won 2nd place Judges' Vote and was judge Maxipoo1024's pick for Fic That Ruined Me. So many thanks to those who worked so hard to put on the contest. I loved writing for it. Thank you to KristenLynn, who ties up loose ends and spots my missing words. This wouldn't look nearly as good without you. Disclaimer: I do not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. ~Boy with a Broken Halo~ My mother's smile is brittle, like antique lace. Pale, yellowed white. Flaking at the edges, but no less beautiful for its obvious decay. "You'll get better," she breathes weakly. "The angel promised he'd save you. I'm only sorry I won't be here to see it." Though dull and glassy, there's still fight in her red-rimmed eyes — but it's not for herself. She has a basketful of delusional hopes for me, but she's given up on herself. A weak, wracking cough seizes her chest. She rolls to her side, doubling over on the filthy cot. Blood, bright like a flame, dots the corner of her mouth, smears the back of her hand when she wipes it away. At least we have cots. My family's status affords us certain privileges, even while we lay dying. Those less fortunate are left to die in alleyways filled with filthy snow and fetid garbage. "Of course, Mother." The lie tumbles from my lips like April snowflakes in Chicago — fallen and gone in a matter of seconds. Anything to set her mind at ease, here in these last moments. My voice is weak and every breath crackles in my chest. While I'll outlive my parents, I won't be an orphan for long. I stare at the ceiling, eyes unfocused as I dream of all the things I'll never have. A career, a family of my own… a woman. Mother has fallen into a fitful sleep, her shallow, rattling breaths the only sign of life. She's pale as death, her lank hair matted and dark with sweat. The bruises beneath her eyes make her look ten years older, and the gauntness of her cheeks lends her a skeletal appearance. Here, dying seems easy. It's living that's miserable . "Rest easy. It will all be over soon." A man lays a cool hand on my brow, the contact like heaven on my fevered skin. Cracking my eyes open, I find a familiar young doctor peering down at me. Desperate, I try to convey with my eyes what I don't have the strength to say with words: let me die. "I can help you," he says, pressing a clammy rag to my forehead. I close my eyes again and smile in relief. Finally at peace, I give myself up to Death. = # = I wake in a bed of flames. Voices surround me, lick at my mind as the fire crackles against my skin. Thoughts of the dying and the loved ones that lament them batter my brain, battle with the worries of those charged with caring for them. The inferno flares deep as I am lifted, easily carried away in a pair of strong arms. What I've done to deserve Hell, I cannot remember, but it's entirely possible I am there. = # = There's a fire in my throat and a cacophony in my head. Consumed with an unquenchable thirst, I'm desperate for silence. Months pass before I'm able to filter out the noise. The thirst, however, never stops. Decades of brutal self-restraint follow, and I toe the very edge of the pedestal where Carlisle placed me, playing the dutiful son. He has no idea — he cannot hear my thoughts like I hear his. If he could, he'd rip me apart and burn the pieces. I am not content. I am not… good. Not like him. The desire to live among humans, among anyone, is nowhere within me. The constant murmur of voices threatens to drive me insane. Carlisle tells me I can learn to temper it, learn to control what he calls a gift. I call it a curse. Most people I encounter live-stream nothing but thoughts of themselves. Even others of my kind aren't exempt. Immortality and ego go hand in hand among most vampires. The worst of all, however, are the humans. Their thoughts burrow and scratch and root themselves so deep I can never dig them out — the worst of which make me wish I could build a wall around my brain. They're the ones that breach the dam, spill venom over my tongue in a wash of rage and vengeance. It's not often that I encounter such a specimen, but when I do it's almost impossible to ignore. There's an itch beneath my skin, a tingle on my tongue, a longing to taste the blood of those who spill it. Animal blood just can't compare. After all, why should I spare those who do not extend the same courtesy to their own kind? = # = Since I made the decision to leave, I've ended more lives than I can count. I tried. I tried so hard to be one of them — a righteous Cullen, just like the other projects Carlisle collected along the way. Even surrounded by friends, I was still alone. Now, decades later, we trade postcards, texts, and the occasional phone call, strung between long, awkward silences. Since I walked away and wished my family a happy life, I've spent my days and nights cleansing the streets of the most vile specimens of humanity. Humanity … such a misnomer. On the whole, I've never encountered a species less humane. Animals hunt for food. Kill to survive. But there are humans and vampires who kill for sport. Torture for fun. Exploit and molest simply because it pleases them. The Italians may keep me from taking out the other vampires, but I can erase their human counterparts from the planet without conscience. Don't mistake me for a hero. I'm the bad guy. My prey might say I make Freddy Krueger look like a kitten. I'm a nightmare disguised as an angel. When I come calling — please, try to run. Try to hide. Try to fight. I like a good chase. A nice, bloody fight. I love what I do. And I like to play with my food. = # = I don't take innocents. I never have, out of respect for Carlisle. I can't hear this one's thoughts, but I know that's what she is. I can see it in her wide, dark eyes, the way she stares at me in terror and disbelief. Her full lips part in the slightest quiver as tears well, but don't fall. The poor girl seems to be in shock. Really, who can blame her? I'm not supposed to exist. Bad luck for her — I am very real. Bad luck for me — I think I'm about to break my promise. Savoring the remaining mouthfuls of blood, I sigh in pleasure as the man's heart stops. Relief swamps me as his last pathetic thoughts abruptly cut off, and I drop the drained corpse like the human trash he was. Wiping my mouth with the back of my hand, I go to the girl at a slow pace, taking advantage of her shock. I'm not thirsty, but I can't stop myself. Even more than the blissful absence of a constant barrage of mundane thoughts running through her head, there's something about this girl that calls to me, and I'm powerless to stay away. It's like she's a magnet, compelling me forward by the very laws of nature. It's unfortunate, really. I could just disappear, leaving her to call 911 and try to explain what exactly she saw tonight, but I won't. She smells too delectable, and the lingering taste of blood in my mouth amplifies the predator in me. I don't want to let her go. I'm not entirely sure what I'll do with her, either. Thrusting her hands up at me, she shouts, "Don't come any closer!" I smile. As if she could make me do anything. We do a little dance: she backs away and I advance, until she's trapped between me and the brick wall. I chuckle; she's literally between a rock and a hard place. It's a beautiful contrast, her soft warmth against my cold, stone-like frame. I raise my hand and caress her cheekbone with gentle fingertips, letting my touch linger down and across her jaw. Because I can't help myself, I encircle her neck with my fingers and stroke her pulse point with my thumb. Her reaction is as glorious as the silence of her mind. Her pulse gallops under my grip as a single tear falls from the outer corner of her left eye. Tormenting her is more fun than I've had in a long time. I tilt my head to the side and murmur, "Hello, love." She clenches her eyes shut and more tears fall. "Please. Don't." Breath leaves her body in a shuddering rush and I inhale it, closing my eyes as I savor every bit of her I can steal — until I can seize all of her. The silence of her mind alone is enough to make me want to keep her forever, even though I know it's not possible. I won't be able to resist the sweet call of her blood. I inch closer, lowering my head until our noses touch. " Don ' t what?" A whimper echoes in her throat as she presses her head back into the wall, exposing her neck to me. A growl rumbles in my chest and I drag the tip of my nose down to rub it over the place where her pulse pounds. She smells absolutely divine. I trail my tongue up the line of her neck, ending at the full curve of her bottom lip. It's perverse, really, how much I enjoy her fear. I should tone it down, but she's just too delicious to stop. "Please, let me go," she pleads, so prettily. Her voice is barely audible, or at least it would be to someone that was human. I hear her just fine, because I am definitely not human. Pity for her, this beautiful girl. Large, deep brown eyes plead up at me, fringed by black, thick lashes. Delicate brows wing down, painted by a master's brush. Silky, dark hair eddies and flows down her back, just begging me to wrap it around my fist. She's not going anywhere, but I still feel the need to make sure she's thoroughly enthralled. Exhaling a breath across her lips, I press my body to hers. I'm used to using every weapon in my arsenal to trap my prey — physical beauty, scent, speed, strength, the sound of my voice. This, somehow, is different. The more I entrap her, the more I find myself caught up in my own web, and I've never been so glad to be a vampire. If I were a human man, I'd have no chance at all in the face of her delicate beauty and her quiet gaze. Lucky me. I'm the perfect predator, someone she can't possibly escape. Lucky her, I can make sure she enjoys every moment of it. "I think letting you go is a terrible idea," I say honestly, and then I do something that surprises the hell out of me — I kiss her. In an instant, everything changes. Her body relaxes against mine, and what was borne in fear becomes lust. Her scent intensifies, and it's my turn to whimper. She bites my lip — bites me — and brings her hands up to encircle my wrists. Not to push them away, but to hold them in place. Her body arches up in supplication to mine, asking for more. Shockingly, I find I no longer ache to taste her blood,