Author's Note: This is my first fiction posted, but not necessarily the first one I've written. It will follow mostly canon ideas, and will contain a couple somewhat major OCs that is referenced are this chapter. Said OCs won't be doing much in the way of actual fighting and are more for comedy and minor guidance purposes than much else. Said OC will be strong, but so will Harry (due to time travel and actually caring about training). I'll be following canon closely at first, but every new action will lead to new situational possibilities, and the introduction of someone who wasn't around at first will be one such action. I will not be focusing on Harry's romance life, although that will be mentioned, and I will be trying to go through all his years at Hogwarts until the point where Voldemort is dead. Speaking of Voldemort, I will be trying to make him intelligent, not just crazy. He was winning a guerrilla war against a superior force while being the most intimidating and powerful Dark Lord in a long time. That takes brains, cunning, and a lot of strategic thinking. Every time he was faced, right up until the end, he seemed overly arrogant - although he was probably rightfully so, but someone like him would still have some sort of contingencies, or even contingencies on contingencies. I will try and update at least once a month, hopefully twice, but may update more often should I have a large streak of inspiration that has me writing chapters a lot, which is liable to happen. The Harry Potter series is the intellectual property of J.K. Rowling. I do not own anything aside from Original Characters introduced. Harry looked at the corpse of Voldemort as it fell backwards, the Elder Wand and Draco's hawthorn wand in his hands. The battle had fallen silent before the final duel, and it was silent still. Nobody on either side appeared to move. It then was suddenly alive with both the cheering of the students and DA and the cries of angered defeat of the Death Eaters. It was because of this raucous celebration that Harry never heard the spells launched by the Death Eaters. He only saw Hermione and Ron look at him, their eyes wide in fear, and the ensuing fiery explosion between his two friends. He felt shrapnel from the blast tear into him, his body spinning to the side, and then a sharp cutting pain from the side of his neck. A blurry haze fell over his eyes, and the sound of terrified yells from the explosion faded out. Harry could still barely make out the colors of spells firing between the students and Death Eaters, as the battle raged again, despite the death of Voldemort. As he felt his eyelids slowly begin to close, and his vision blur into darkness, a single thought went through his head. 'I guess this just couldn't be avoided.' Light. Harry could see the telltale pink on the inside of his eyelids as light poured against them, yet he couldn't feel anything. Not the hardness of a stone floor, or the softness that one would expect of a bed. He did not even feel any clothing of any form against him. Puzzled at this, he opened his eyes and saw… nothing. Not in the sense of an empty field, or unending darkness. He saw an endless white of nothingness. He felt no gravity, but he didn't feel as if he was floating. As he moved to feel his face, he noticed that they were clean, as if he had been scrubbed of the dirt of his final fight with Voldemort. When he touched his face, he felt no warmth from his skin, and yet it was not cold. It was merely there, like touching a pad of some sort. It did not feel like it was alive. He tried to turn to get a better look at the nothingness, to perhaps see if he was back in Limbo once more and find Dumbledore waiting to take him to the afterlife. Instead, he saw more nothing. Was this what the afterlife was then? Was he just to float in this empty whiteness for all eternity? "Harry Potter." An ethereal, echoing voice called out to him. It was soft at first, and it seemed to come from everywhere. He spun around once more, feeling the ground beneath his apparently bare feet. "Harry Potter." It called out for him again, this time, coming from above him. He looked up, but saw nothing. Yet it called again, louder this time, and from behind. "Harry Potter." He turned one more time, and still saw nothing but the same overwhelming white light that pervaded every corner of this strange existence. He tried to call out to the voice, his voice trembling and somewhat raspy, as if he had not spoken for years. "H-Hello?" The voice called out to him, this time sounding as if it were right next to him. "Harry Potter." He turned and was gazing into two olive green eyes, a strange ring of gold around the pupils. The owner of the eyes had their face practically right up against him, and Harry stumbled backwards in surprise, falling onto his back. Harry looked up and saw a tall, young man who seemed to be in his twenties wearing a tailored Muggle business suit. The suit jacket and pants were a solid black, and his shoes were brightly shining in the white space. The man had straight, short, black hair that was swept to the side. A well-trimmed, reddish-brown beard and mustache that connected was on the man. He was leaned forward slightly, hands clasped low behind his back. His eyes looked down at Harry, his lips pressed together as if contemplating something, most likely the Boy-Who-Lived sprawled before him. Harry took in a breath to speak, but was stopped by the man before him. "Are you going to get up off the floor any time soon, Mr. Potter?" His voice still echoed throughout the area, but now it had less of an ethereal effect to it. It only sounded as if he were somehow speaking in rounds. Harry quickly scrambled to his feet, stuttering out a quick apology, only for the man to raise his hand to silence him. "There is no need for apologies, Mr. Potter. I did surprise you. It is I who should apologize to you. Now then, please sit. We have much to discuss." He motioned behind Harry, who looked and saw a simple looking chair that one would expect in a Muggle office building for meetings. As he looked back at the man before him, he saw him proceeding to sit down as a highly ornate throne rose out of the ground, covered in turning gears, clock faces, hour glasses, sun dials, and other assorted time pieces. A similarly ornate desk slowly followed in front of the man, made of a very dark wood, with hour glasses carved to act as the legs, and the top surface carved to be the face of an old Grandfather Clock. "I guess you really like clocks, sir," Harry joked, attempting to still his growing nerves in this strange meeting, his voice strangely having that echoing effect the other man's did. The man's lips turned into a smirk, not quite like Malfoy's trademark ones, but close enough that it left Harry somewhat unsettled. "I guess you could say that. Time is typically on my side." His voice was level as he spoke. The two seemed to stare at each other a long silence reigning supreme, with the mysterious man leaning forward and placing his hands in front of his mouth in a sort of bridge, his olive-green eyes boring into Harry's bright green ones. Harry shifted uncomfortably under the man's scrutiny before the uncomfortable silence was broken by the man once more. "We have business to discuss, and you have questions to ask. Ask them, and I will answer you." Harry's back straightened slightly before he spoke starting with what he felt was the most pressing of questions, "Where am I, sir?" The man leaned back in his chair, drawing his hands over his stomach as he continued to scrutinize Harry, somewhat reminding him of a bored predator watching uninteresting prey. "You are where you are." The man was apparently not going to be helpful. Harry tried again, trying to keep the mild irritation out of his voice. "But where is that sir?" The man quirked an eyebrow up at that. His voice betrayed nothing of what the man may've been thinking regarding his scrutiny of Harry. "For lack of a better term, Harry Potter, you are in the Void, where all the Masters go should they be unable to pass on." The man was still as he spoke, almost like a statue. Curiosity prickled at the back of Harry's mind, and he asked the obvious continuing question. "Pass on, sir?" "To the afterlife, Harry." He blinked at that. So he was dead, or somewhere in between again. "But what about Limbo?" The man chuckled at that, his lips curling into a faint smile. "Limbo is not a place for the Masters. A Master is either dead or alive. There is not allowed to be an in-between." There he was about the Masters again. What did that have to do with him right now? Was he talking about the Deathly Hallows? What would they have to do with anything? "A Master, sir?" The man simply looked at Harry, as if he had grown a second head, causing him to shift uncomfortably in his seat once again. "It just occurred to me that I have not properly introduced myself. You may call me Bishop. I am the Master of Time, a member of the Masters, and the one assigned to... introduce you to a few things." He paused, letting what he said sink in before continuing. "The Masters are individuals or small groups of individuals who have somehow obtained complete power over an aspect of Magic or existence by fulfilling certain pre-requisites, effectively controlling that aspect like one controls a car." Harry looked at Mr. Bishop, the gears in his head churning to process the information before he spoke up, somewhat confused. "But Mr. Bishop, I thought the title Master of Death was a myth." Bishop chuckled, whether at his confusion or how quickly he appeared to understand it, Harry had no idea. "It both is, and it is not, and please call me Bishop. We are of equal rank. You are the Master of Death, and I am the Master of Time. To answer your unspoken question, Mr. Potter, my planned explanation will address the veracity of the legend pertaining to the Peverell brothers." The man brought up his right hand, and flicked his wrist slightly, a glass of water appearing in front of the both of them followed by a bowl of crisps that slid towards Harry on its own. "Before I begin to explain, do you have any questions? I will not tolerate interruptions if you forgot to ask anything." Bishop leaned forward, once more bridging his hands in front of his mouth, his glass of water between his elbows. Harry leaned back into his chair, and thought for a few moments. What did he have questions about that he wanted answers to right now? He was obviously dead, or somewhere between life and death, but what about his friends? Who killed him in the end? Those might not come up in the explanation, it was probably best to ask them right away. Harry opened his mouth to speak, "What abo- "and was promptly cut off by Bishop raising a finger out of his hand bridge. "Your friends are dead, Harry. Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger were killed by a Blasting Curse fired by Travers. Ronald died quickly to it, having taken a large amount of