I'm not yet completely sold on Solangelo being canon but I am so totally down for the count when it comes to this AU. Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or Heroes of Olympus. Life and Death Nico's boots echoed against the floor as he walked through the doors of Ogygia Medical Center for his shift. There weren't many people about, so he managed to get an elevator headed down pretty quickly. "Hey, hold that!" A voice yelled just as the elevator doors were about to close. Nico stuck his boot out to keep the them open, allowing a tall, lean man to enter a few beats later. "Thanks," the man said, ruffling his blond hair. When he saw Nico, his blue eyes brightened, and he gave the younger man a grin, his pearly whites contrasting brightly against his tan. "Oh, hey, Nico," Dr. Will Solace greeted. Then, as if he'd just realized something, he grimaced, "I took the wrong elevator again didn't I." Nico was torn between amusement and exasperation. Will had a bad habit of not paying proper attention to elevators. In fact, the first time Nico managed to have a proper conversation with Will was because of a similar situation. He chose not to point that out. "What're you doing here?" He asked instead. As far as he knew, Will didn't have any operations lined up for the night, or the day after. The blonde had been talking about the-night-he-was-fucking-finally-going-home-early all week, so it was weird for him to show up at the hospital, especially at 11 in the evening. Will shrugged, and the gesture caused the bright elevator lights to glint off of his silver earring. "I'm taking over for one of the other surgeons today. His wife is about to give birth in the maternity ward." He held his palms up as if to say 'babies, what are you gonna do?' He glanced at his watch, frowned slightly, and looked at Nico. "You're early. Did a body drop?" "Yeah, Annabeth mentioned something about a guy being found in Battery Park an hour ago." Nico replied. Will nodded. "Oh, cool. I might as well go say hi to her since I seem to be headed that way, anyway. Does she know Percy's here?" Nico looked at him curiously. "Most probably. Percy's here?" "Yeah. He got assigned to guard one of my patients." The rest of the ride down was spent with Will talking about how his patient was an important witness against a major drug ring in the city, which was why the man needed the NYPD to stand guard in front of his room while he recuperates from surgery. When they got to the morgue, Annabeth was already standing over a fresh stiff on one of the metallic examination tables, intensely focused as always. The chest cavity of the victim – male, Caucasian, most likely mid-40's – was already open, and Annabeth was knuckles-deep in his gastrointestinal track. "Hey, Annabeth!" Will greeted. "Bye, Will." She replied, not taking her eyes off of her vic. Will chuckled and, with one last "see you!" directed at nobody in particular, he turned around and headed back for the elevator. Nico switched his leather jacket for his lab coat, rolled up the sleeves, and traded his motorcycle gloves for a pair of surgical ones. He took his place next to Annabeth and joined her in prodding the body in front of them. They worked with their usual banter on what could have happened to the poor bastard on their examination table. Everything was like it always was, so it surprised Nico when Annabeth switched from talking about the vic's shattered sternum as a possible COD to asking: "So, are you and Sunshine together yet?" It was a good thing Nico had already placed the foreign debris he'd picked up from the vic's throat down on the tray, because he fumbled slightly with the forceps in his hand. "I don't know what you're talking about, Chase." But he totally did. He had a crush on Will, and he wouldn't put it past Annabeth to figure it out. Yes, Will Solace was hot as fuck with an amazing personality to boot, and Nico was attracted to him, but so was half the nursing staff of Ogygia. Nico didn't stand a snowball's chance in hell. "That's too bad," she commented, "seeing as he's totally into you." At that, he choked. Meanwhile, Annabeth was completely concentrated on the beat-up liver she was pulling out of her vic. "What?" "Ugh, I know, right. Vic was poinsoned. We'll need to do a full tox screen later, but judging by his other symptoms and the bag of meds I found in his pocket, he most likely OD'ed on acetaminophen. Probably Tylenol. Mystery solved. How… ordinary." "Annabeth!" He sputtered, not entirely sure if he was trying to berate her for her callous statement about the victim's death, or for trying to change the topic on him. "He's been coming by the morgue everyday for the past two weeks." She replied, referring to Will. "He's never done that before, nor does he have a reason to be here." "In case you haven't noticed, he works here." He pointed out, not believing for a single moment that Will could be into him. There was no way, no way in hell, that Will Solace, Ogygia's own McDreamy, liked him. "In case you haven't noticed, he's a heart surgeon . Last I checked, that requires patients with a beating heart; and this guy?" She pointed to the cadaver on the examination table. "He doesn't even have a heart anymore. I took it out just before you arrived." Nico tossed the forceps onto the tray, completely abandoning all pretenses of examining the corpse. "We bump into each other! As in, accidentally! " "And, what, he takes a scenic little detour to the lowest level of the hospital before leaving or, in today's case, going to the 18th floor?" Annabeth snorted, "For gods' sake, he even changed his aftershave and, judging by the infuriatingly immaculate state of his hair, he's been styling it just before he leaves his office for the night." Huh. So that's what's been different about Will. Nico had been trying to figure it out since last Tuesday; but he couldn't quite put his finger on it until Annabeth had pointed it out just now. Will normally smelled like a sunny day (and before meeting Will, Nico hadn't even known anyone could smell like sunshine). Now, as Nico was recalling, he smelled a bit earthier. Sandalwood, probably. Nico bet he could get Annabeth to confirm it, too— Hold on, that wasn't the point here. He scrambled for a counter. "He greets you every time he's here, too! You ever think he's here for you?" "I'm not the one he's constantly trying to impress." At his blank stare, Annabeth sighed. "Really? The hair, the aftershave, the calculatedly tired sigh about how his latest operation was 'so tiring but worth seeing that little girl smile and thank him for saving her brother?' The practically giddy way he looks at you for your reaction? Those are textbook 'notice me!' gestures. Hell, I'll even bet your 'accidental' meetings with him aren't accidental at all on his part." Whoa, there. "So, what you're saying is that Will has been purposefully finding ways to meet up and talk to me." He clarified. "You don't coincidentally bump into a person for two straight weeks, especially not with his unusual hours and your flexible shift." Well, she did have a point. "That's why I called you in earlier, actually. I didn't really need you until later, but I wanted to see what he'd do if you arrived out of your regular schedule. Given that he still managed to meet up with you, I'm inclined to assume he waits for you somewhere near the elevators." Nico figured he should've been angry that she dicked him around and used him as a test subject for an experiment again , but all he could do was incredulously exclaim: "Are you aware how crazy you sound right now?" Annabeth stopped fussing with the victim and directed her gaze straight at him. "People have done crazier things for the person they're crazy about." Her words and, more importantly, how she delivered them made him deflate. Holy shit, she was being serious about this. She seriously thought Will had a crush on him. He wasn't sure how to feel. Elated, maybe? Sure, a tiny part of him was starting to hope that Will really did like him. The rest of him, though… The rest of him still didn't want to believe Annabeth, even if she'd only been wrong less than a handful of times since he met her. Will is… amazing, for a lack of a better word. He's the youngest surgeon in the hospital, yet he can successfully perform operations that normally only have a low survival rate. The only other ones who could do that were the head neurosurgeon and the hospital director (both of whom were, coincidentally enough, Will's older brother and their father respectfully. Damn skill ran in the family). He even served as a combat medic overseas last year. Meanwhile, Nico was the strange medical examiner who, on more than one occasion, ended up striking a conversation with the dead. Granted, he was one of the best ME's Ogygia had, and his skill in determining specifics of a victim's death trumps even Annabeth's. But what's Will going to like about a guy who knows exactly how and when a person died, when he's off preventing deaths? Besides, it's not like Nico had the sunniest personality. He was sort of a recluse. He didn't really talk to the other hospital staff, especially since he worked the graveyard shift and rarely left the morgue. Before Will befriended him two weeks ago, the only regular (live) human interaction he'd had was with Annabeth, which mostly consisted of shop talk, and Jason or Reyna or whichever detective needed him to do an autopsy. A lot of the other staff found him creepy as well, partly thanks to his pasty skin and the dark circles under his eyes, partly thanks to his job, but mostly due to his socially awkward personality. He just didn't understand how anyone like Will, who was his complete opposite in looks and pretty much everything else, could even like him a little, much less in a romantic sense. "So, tox screen?" He said, pointedly changing the subject. Thankfully, Annabeth picked up on the fact that he didn't want to talk about his… thing with Will. The two of them continued the autopsy without any further topic changes. At around 2 A.M., just as Nico was starting to process the last of the evidence and Annabeth was writing their findings in the autopsy report, the elevator chimed. A few moments later, Percy Jackson came into view, still dressed in his NYPD uniform. "My shift is officially over! And according to my watch, yours should have been done an hour ago, you workaholic. And that's with overtime." He proclaimed, dropping a kiss to his girlfriend's temple. Annabeth let an annoyed grunt escape through her nose at his bothering her, but he only laughed. He then smiled at Nico. "Hey, Nico. What's up?" Nico grunted noncommittally, still focused on his work. "Hey, has Will been by yet?" Percy asked. At this, the ME looked up from his work. He stared at the older man strangely, sliding his incredulous gaze towards Annabeth before returning to Percy. She couldn't have told Percy, could she? "Uhh, yeah…?" He said, not really knowing how else to reply. "I hope he finally had the guts to ask you out." The cop said. "Poor guy spent days figuring out how to talk to you in the first place." Nico froze. No fuckin' way. "Told you." Annabeth said lowly, not once stopping or looking away from