A/N: If you're reading this after reading "Call Me Maybe", please remember this is not a sequel! It's got the same cast, but it's a whole other story; just wanted to make sure I didn't confuse anyone. ;) -x-x-x-x-x- The world was no more. Not what the elves that knew of it was, anyway. The lands of middle earth that held any trace of elven inhabitance had long since passed to foliage and animal life as the dominion of men came to rule at the turn of the Fourth Age. As the last ship sailed the west road to Valinor, change was already taking place. In Valinor itself, much was happening. Families of elves were reuniting and making new homes in colonies across the peaceful lands, starting new lives and finding new loves. Others that had found their loves before sailing were taking the opportunity to start the families that they wanted, but held back for fear of the worst during the War of the Ring. The former lords and ladies of the Greenwood and Lorien kingdoms were united by the bonding of their youngest heirs, Legolas Thranduilion, and Ithilwen Haldiriel, the second granddaughter of the Lady Galadriel. The bonding ceremony took place in middle earth, where friends mortal and immortal would bear witness to the exchange of vows and rings, as the pair had requested. Now that they were beginning to settle into their lives in Valinor, among the high talans so reminiscent of Lorien and Ithilien, the young couple were in talks of having their first child. As it happens in peaceful times, there is always that one ripple that can rock the foundation to its very core. It's never something that is intended to happen. Ithilwen was tending to some of the village's youngest elflings one afternoon. They were very animated for that time of day, when usually they would have been preparing to rest. She had taken on the task so that their parents could travel into town for the day's errands without stress because she felt like it would be a means of practice when she and Legolas decided to start their own family. She could smell the onset of the rain before the dark clouds rolled in, but she paid it no mind. If it were a sprinkle, they would enjoy the cooling effect and continue play. However, with any particularly hot summer day comes the likelihood of severe weather, and the afternoon's bright skies were ripe with possibilities. The rumble that followed shortly after the first sprinkles had the elleth corralling the younglings together. Some had wandered off from their group, and Ithilwen had to collect them while the eldest of the group led those with them to the nearest shelter. The children had been playing a game of seek and find, and the very youngest misjudged how far they had drifted. When Ithilwen found the little ellon, he was distressed to the point of tears, afraid that one of the bigger kids wouldn't find him. As she carried him back to the other children, the storm had reached their area. The winds had picked up, the rain came down harder, and the combination of the thunder and lightening were frightening the children huddled together. Ithilwen picked up speed as she carried the child in her arms, trying her best to remain calm. She was still a good distance from the little group, which made it all the more worse when the ellon's brother decided to break away from the group and run to his temporary guardian. Ithilwen tried to tell him to turn back, but the sounds of the thunder over their heads proved this a fruitless endeavor. The ellon grew worried that he couldn't find his little brother and simply wasn't thinking. This ill-made decision put him at risk, and he did not notice. For a ways distance in the closest stables was a horse that had yet to be broken of his wild lifestyle. The trainers were having no luck getting the beast to cooperate and comply to their orders. Having a sudden thunderstorm break across the sky with its booming sounds to accompany the bright streaks of lightning did nothing to soothe this horse's mentality. One strike had landed close enough to this particular horse's stable to send it into a fit, raising all manner of noise and destruction as it kicked it's stable gate into splinters and sped out into the fields. Ithilwen saw the horse coming before the stable hands could formulate what had happened. When she saw them attempt to chase the horse on foot, she knew they would never reach it, and its erratic path was directly in line with the older ellon that was currently running to her... "Go! Run!" Ithilwen shouted orders to the older brother as she broke into a sprint to meet him, pushing his little brother into his arms before shoving them aside quickly. The rogue horse was picking up speed, but she had sworn to those parents that she would take care of the children. But what could she do? This problem-horse was well-known for his bad behavior, and it didn't look like any more progress was made in taming him. The stable hands were still too far away, so it came to fall on her shoulders to stop this animal. Bracing herself, Ithilwen prepared to intercept the beast by leaping onto his back and calming him to a trot. If she could lead him away from the children, the older ones would keep them together and safe until the horse was subdued. She felt her shoulder connect with the horse's broad chest and she let out a yelp as she attempted to vault onto its back. Ithilwen misjudged the enormity of this creature, having never been this close to it. The shoulder throbbed as she clung to the horse's neck for her life as it continued to run. With a tug to its mane, she was able to steer the horse away from the children, but instead of leading the horse back to the stables as she had planned, the horse went in the opposite direction, further into the fields. While Ithilwen had been spending the day attending to some of the children, Legolas had been assisting his dwarven friend Gimli with the construction of some new homes. They were finishing up for the day early due to the unexpected weather when shouts were heard across the area. Extra stable hands were running to them, shouting about the rogue horse getting loose and somehow Ithilwen had managed to climb atop it. Before Gimli could ask the elf what he was talking about, Legolas had taken off in the direction in which another elf had pointed. He didn't know the whole story at that point and he didn't need to. Ithilwen was on a horse that he would have never let her near, and he had to save her. Running across the field, he could make out the form of the large horse in the distance through the rain. This wasn't good; the horse was going into a heavily-laden construction area. As he neared the area, the horse had become trapped in the maze of foundations and framework. Legolas didn't have time to warn Ithilwen that the horse was prone to bucking when frightened, but the uncalled for lightning proved to be sufficient. The beast neighed loudly, rearing up on its back legs suddenly. Ithilwen, having nothing but the slick strands of mane to hold onto, was pitched violently off its back. "ITHILWEN!" Legolas shouted as he ran into the construction zone. She landed in what looked to be a pile of debris, but as he neared closer he felt his blood run cold. Ithilwen lay amid a pile of discarded stone that was deemed unfit to use as foundation. Her body lay limp across the broken shards like a rag doll, with a nasty gash against her temple, leaving the rock beneath her head stained with blood. "Ithilwen! Ithilwen!" She was unconscious and unresponsive even when Legolas lightly slapped her cheeks. There was no one nearby to help him, and he feared even as he lifted her body up that he was doing more harm than good, but he could not leave her in the rain. It was apparent that she was badly injured, and from the way her body sagged in his arms, he feared for the worst. The healers that had attended to the young mate of the woodland prince would never forget the day that he had stormed into the building screaming for help. He was soaked to the bone, as was she, and even sported the dark-stained clothing from where she had bled as he held her against him. They would also never forget the time they had in trying to get him to turn her over to their care. It's not to be surprised, he was terrified, so they allowed him the opportunity to remain in the room. It was all Legolas could do not to swarm the healers as they stripped the wet clothes from his wife's body and began to dry and dress her in a gown. They were speaking in rapid Sindarin, and while he could make out the words "broken" and "deep", it was more than he could bear. With that, he silently excused himself from the room she was in, only to collapse into tears just outside her door. That was how his and Ithilwen's parents found him when they reached the healing quarters. Both ellith were in instant mother-mode, trying to calmly get Legolas to tell them everything that happened while at the same time trying to calm his frayed nerves. Legolas' voice cracked as he retold them of how he saw Ithilwen atop the untamable horse and how it threw her during the middle of the storm. Much later, one of the chief healers in the vicinity came out to greet the parents and the prince. His face was grim and he looked both tired and upset. "My Lords, My Ladies... We've done all that can be done for Lady Ithilwen. The wounds that she has sustained are far greater than our healing magic can repair. The stones that Lord Legolas informed us he found her on have broken six of her ribs, and from the placement of the fractures we can only assume she has internal bleeding." "That's something you know how to repair," Morwen said worriedly. "What are you not telling us?" The healer sighed and rubbed his face with his hands. "Ithilwen's spine has been severely damaged," he said finally. "Because of the sheer number of broken bones, we cannot turn her to inspect her spinal column without running the risk of doing further damage. This would require a long recovery on her part, if she is up for the fight. However...if she manages to heal her body, I cannot say for certain that she would walk again." "What do you mean?" Legolas asked. "My mate is as strong as any warrior that has been in these quarters!" "I am only suggesting that you do not set your hopes too high, my lord. Lady Ithilwen could have suffered nerve damage, which is irreparable. You must remember that she is bleeding internally. There is nothing we can do to stop the bleeding." The healer placed a hand comfortingly on the prince's shoulder. "I would suggest to prepare yourselves for the worst, my lord. There is the small chance that your wife can make it through this, but do not place all of your hope in so small a possibility." The healer excused himself to seek counsel with the others in the room, who looked less than comfortable, knowing that their talents were of no further use to the injury that was beyond them. The family that gathered around the frail elleth's bed had nearly succumbed to sobs, watching as Legolas took the eerily pale