Because I am out of my mind, I somehow came up with this mess. I plead not guilty by way of insanity. Crack!fic, OOC. My first real attempt at humour, though I probably failed miserably. I'm better at writing angst. Also, explicit language and somewhat mature themes, so be warned. Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games. Glitter Plant, AKA The Most Unlikely Alliance In The History Of The Hunger Games. Ever. Training, Day 1: Glimmer always liked striking things. Maybe that was because she was striking herself. Striking people, well, people who could still be striking when standing next to her were rare. When she was on the train to the Capitol watching the reapings, only one person ended up striking. Katniss Everdeen. The girl from District Twelve. The girl who, coming from a district that only had two victors in seventy-three years, hurled herself up there as a volunteer to save her sister's life. The Capitol may call it what they liked, but everyone else knew that she was dying for her sister. They all knew. So, Katniss succeeded in catching Glimmer's attention. That meant little. Lots of people managed to catch Glimmer's attention. Few of them managed to keep it. The first time that she saw Katniss after that was in the tribute parade. Her carriage went first. As a result, her carriage also stopped first, which gave her the chance to turn around and look back at the other tribute carriages. Katniss Everdeen was on fire. Oh, so was the weak little moron in the carriage next to her, but Katniss Everdeen was the really striking one. And then they held hands. Or, more specifically, Peeta took Katniss' hand, Katniss slapped at him and Peeta said something in undertone to her, when she finally relented and thrust her hand back into his. Right then and there, Glimmer decided that her and Katniss Everdeen were going to be allies. It didn't matter what Katniss said about it. Glimmer always got what she wanted, and she wanted Katniss Everdeen. Sure, as a Career Tribute from District One, Glimmer should have allied with Marvel, Cato and Clove. Instead, on the first day of training, Glimmer got her food and went over to the table that the two tributes from Twelve were sitting at. "Hi!" She said, in that perky tone that she knew annoyed everyone (Marvel) into being willing to do whatever she wanted, if only to make her go away. "Can I sit here?" Both the girl and boy stared at her in astonishment, and Glimmer took that to be ascent. She settled down at the table, both Katniss and Peeta gaping at her. "You shouldn't do that, you'll get premature wrinkles." She reached across the table to use her thumb to smooth the skin between Katniss' brows. "Doubt it's likely that we'll live long enough to get wrinkles, anyway," Katniss muttered, clearly unable to help herself. Peeta elbowed her in the ribs and Glimmer laughed. "Peeta. Would you mind letting me speak to your fellow tribute alone for a moment?" Both of them stared at her suspiciously before Peeta nodded and slid off in another direction. "Is white bread over there your ally?" Glimmer wanted to know. "No," Katniss muttered. "We just know each other a bit, from home." Her cheeks coloured. "My family went through a rough patch a few years ago and he helped me out some—and why am I telling you this? Why are you even here, One?" "Glimmer," she informed her with a beatific smile. "And because I want an ally." "And you , gorgeous Career Tribute from One, want me, the emaciated, starving, poor, average looking girl from the district that has had only two victors in the entire history of the Hunger Games?" "I like striking things. And not much catches my attention." "Figures that someone like you would be interested in an alliance because of my costume." "And because of the reaping," Glimmer answered cheerfully. "That—I have to say, it was the bravest thing that I have ever seen." "Cinna said that." "Cinna?" "My stylist." "Fire guy." "Yes," Katniss said warily. "Now, honestly, Glimmer , what exactly do you want? You've already got allies, they're over there. And I think that the guy from Two hates my guts. So if you're trying to get me to trust you, you won't." "Please, this is The Hunger Games. Nobody trusts anybody, unless they want a knife in their back. But those Careers would toss me to the wolves without a second thought. I—I've watched the Games before, I know what happens in those Career packs. I don't want to die like that. Maybe I'm going to die, but it shouldn't be because my own ally stabbed me in the back. And I don't want to be the kind of person that would win against them." "So why me?" "To make a statement? Because you're the Girl on Fire? Because I have a feeling that you're a lot more competent than you let on?" Somehow, Katniss must have sensed her sincerity. "So, One and Twelve. We must be making Games history." "Undoubtedly," Glimmer agreed with a smirk, offering a hand. Katniss hesitated for only a moment before taking it. Then she gestured Peeta back. "Peeta, this is Glimmer, from One. She's going to eat with us." "Sure, Katniss. If that's what you want." They ate mostly in silence, Peeta staring at Glimmer and Glimmer looking at Katniss, who was ignoring them both. Then lunch was over and back to the training room. "So, Twelve, what are you good at?" Katniss looked wary. "Please. If we're going to be allies, I'm going to have to know," she pointed out. "Shooting. I'm good with a bow. I hunt, outside the fence in Twelve and I sell the meat at the Hob—the black market." "That's good. We'll be fed. I'm better close range. Knives. So, I'm guessing that your mentor told you not to reveal anything. So did mine. I figure that we can do the survivalist stuff for now." Glimmer latched onto Katniss' arm like a leech. Katniss flinched, but did nothing to shove her off, and they instead made it across the gym to the edible plants area, where they discuss berries, nuts and other fruits. They could both feel the eyes on them, Peeta's with a faint air of bemusement and Cato, Clove and Marvel watching them with contempt. Glimmer didn't care. She had officially abandoned them before they could do the same to her. Unless something goes wrong, Glimmer and Katniss will part ways in the final eight or so, and then their alliance will be over. But Glimmer knew that Katniss was not the type of person to end an alliance with a knife in the back, and that's better than she would get with the Careers. Fortunately (or, unfortunately, as the case may be) by the end of the training day, or almost, Glimmer and Katniss found themselves becoming genuine friends. Katniss, when she actually opened her mouth to speak, had a dry, deadpan snark that thoroughly complimented Glimmer's more obvious bubbliness. And since Glimmer got what she wanted, she decided that they were both going to come out of this arena alive. She told Katniss this, but Katniss just shook her head. "Pipe dream, Glim," she said, eyeing the person that had recently become her best friend in the world besides Gale. "Won't happen." "If our alliance entertains the audience enough, then they will," Glimmer shot back. "Our banter, genuine friendship. That might get them to change the rules. And there's another thing, too." "What's that?" Katniss asked warily. She was already acquainted with Glimmer's idea of a plan, with some of the ideas that she had been dropping about the arena. "Come on, this way. Just play along." She grabbed Katniss' hand and dragged her to the door in the hallway that led to the Gamemakers. "Excuse me, we need to speak with Seneca Crane," Glimmer said winningly. She gave her most perfect innocent smile to the Gamemaker that had answered the door. "Speak—with Seneca Crane?" "Yes," Glimmer agreed, elbowing Katniss in order to get her to act more genial. "That's not against the rules, is it?" "No, no. Not at all. It's just—girls, it's just not done." "Well, we're doing it," Katniss snapped, not sure what Glimmer's plan was, but willing to back her up all the same. The Gamemaker backed away from the door, soon to be replaced by his boss, the young attractive man with a funny beard (but the way that fashion was in the Capitol, the guy was the height of 'tame') and a confused look on his face. "Katniss, Glimmer," he greeted. "What can I do for you?" "Maybe somewhere private? That's not against the rules, is it?" Shaking his head, Seneca Crane led them to a private office. "Now, how can I help you? I can't give you an advantage in the arena, that's not very sporting—" "That's not true. You give people advantages all the time, if they offer a good show. We're just being less covert about it. Everyone knows how this goes. We're promising you a very good show." "That's an... interesting assessment," he admitted. "But, nonetheless true. But why exactly are you telling me?" "Katniss and I have arranged an alliance," Glimmer answered candidly. Seneca Crane's mouth dropped open. "Exactly. The Career tribute from District One and the only volunteer ever to grace the stage from Twelve, allies. She's already given you a good show, between sacrificing herself for her sister and the fire. This, though, you'll make Hunger Games history. You'll go down as the Head Gamemaker who arranged one of the only alliances never done before. You'll be so famous, you can't walk down the street to the store without being mobbed. And all we want is a few things in return." "Like what?" He challenged, eyeing them interestedly. "Kat?" "A bow. Make sure that there's a bow and arrows in there. And plenty of huntable game. You give me those, and I can almost guarantee that we'll make it to the final eight. And you want that—it wouldn't do for this brilliant alliance to be snuffed out before it has a chance to light a fire under the viewers," Katniss sighed. "I mean, there's always chance. The Careers, the bloodbath at the cornucopia, if we can't find water. But we're pretty resourceful people. I know the woods like the back of my hand. And Glim's been trained for this her whole life. But the ones who have been trained for this their whole lives always team up together and hunt down the weaklings, then start stabbing each other in the back in the final eight or so. That must get boring after awhile. In fact, I bet that you've been trying to find ways to circumvent those alliances, but you can't do anything except start picking them off." "That's very true," he admitted. "A bow. Anything else?" "Well, if you could put it near her, that would be excellent," Glimmer offered. "The way that everything's always spread all over the cornucopia? Just have the bow close to her so that she can grab it and go. And it would also be nice if we could be standing next to each other, and maybe some other useful items as well." "Is that all?" "Well, any help that you can give us along the way would be appreciated," Glimmer said, her voice going low and breathy. "After all, you're the Head Gamemaker, you would know better than us how to keep a tribute alive. And also... if it comes down to us at the final two, it would be shame if we had to kill each other, yes?" Seneca Crane gulped as Glimmer advanced towards him, running a fingertip up his chest gently. "The most popular alliance in history, terminated by a technicality? Don't you