A/N: This story is basically a little fun at the Capitol's expense. It's a silly, dumb look at how Hunger-Games-related chaos could break loose in the Capitol, so don't look for canon here - this would never happen in the Panem the books talk about. The idea hit me after watching some news blooper videos on YouTube. I should apologize, though, to reporter Serene Branson (a real person), whose on-camera "burtation" was due to a latent medical condition and was no laughing matter. However, I thought something like it with a contrived cause fit into a more humorous setting. I hope you think so, too. I conjure up a few ridiculous Capitol fashions in the process. Inspiration? Search the net for pictures of "weirdest makeup ever". Though I intended the story to be lighthearted, there are dark undertones in the Hunger Games that I couldn't completely avoid. For whatever it's worth - enjoy! Kudos to Suzanne Collins for writing a real gem - and creating a world tempting enough to delve into on my own. All rights belong to her. Grandiose music, voiced over by announcer (think Morgan Freeman) : You're watching the Capitol Evening News. A lone male anchor sits at the news desk. He is wearing snow-white makeup and maroon lipstick that matches his suit. His spiky hair is green like grass. Anchor : Good evening, and thank you for joining us. I'm Publius Overtell. Our top story this evening: The Gamemakers have allowed an unprecedented sneak peek at the arena for the 48th Hunger Games, which our tributes will enter in about thirty-six hours. Our correspondents are on site with exclusive reports. First, we go to Antonia Lumen at the Cornucopia. Antonia, I understand there is quite a surprise waiting there? Antonia's hair is overlaid with strands of pale blue and pale pink tinsel. She has aqua eyebrows that match her dress and wears deep blue eyeliner to match her eyes. She wears a single silver ring in the center of her lower lip and four-inch-long teardrop-shaped silver earrings. She is standing on the right side of the screen in near darkness, illuminated by a camera's light which reflects off her earrings. Over her shoulder, the Cornucopia is sparkling in the camera's light. Antonia : Publius, you might say yes and no. It's a strange twist in comparison to past Games. But this year, our tributes will find nothing there which will help them survive. No weapons, no tools, no food - unless they find the snakes there appetizing. The snakes, however, will find them appetizing. They are muttations that resemble water moccasins but are readily differentiated by their luminescence. For the duration of the Games, their skins will emit a faint light visible from about 20 feet away in the dark. The light coming from their open mouths will be brighter and will illuminate the area ahead of them with the intensity of a typical flashlight. They use their own light to navigate, unless they are in the proximity of either fire or artificial light sources. Their hearing and sense of smell are sensitive. The latter, however, is limited to a range of about 20 feet. They strike prey by coiling and springing from a distance of about 10 feet, and they emit a sustained hiss for about two seconds before doing so. That hiss might give a tribute enough warning to avoid a dose of fast-acting venom. Publius : A strange twist indeed, Antonia. I assume from their use of light to navigate that they are nocturnal? Antonia : I understand they primarily hunt in darkness, Publius, but I do not know if they are inactive at any particular time of day. In this arena, though, I am told they will have plenty of opportunity to hunt, which implies there will be more darkness than usual. However, I do not have more details about that. Publius : Indeed you do not, Antonia. Correspondent Tacitus Sparrow has those details. Take it away, Tacitus. Tacitus, also illuminated by a camera light, is standing on a launch pad. In the distance behind him, the beam of a spotlight shines directly upward. He has long, shaggy yellow-gold hair that somewhat resembles a lion's mane. He has a matching fuzzy unibrow that could cover his brown eyes if it flopped forward, but it appears that will never happen. Tacitus : Thank you, Publius. Those snakes will definitely have the chance, because this year's Games will mostly take place in darkness. At certain points in time, the Gamemakers plan to trigger brilliant flashes of high-intensity light, inducing a temporary condition known as flash blindness in the tributes. The first flash will happen as the gong rings. Prior to that time, during the countdown, the lighting level will be equivalent to that of a cloudless, moonless night. The Cornucopia will be dimly illuminated, but it will cease to be as the gong rings. The lighting level within the arena will be varied later in the Games, but the Gamemakers do not currently plan to make it brighter than dawn or dusk. I am told it will be changed irregularly, primarily to affect the pace of the Games. This year, the arena is equipped with two dozen spotlights like the one you see behind me. These will often be used to trigger the flash blindness, but they will also serve as directional indicators. They will be raised, pivoted, and shined on fluorescent beacons. These beacons mark locations where food, water, the traditional weapons, handheld sources of light, and other essentials can be found. They will glow for up to two hours after a spotlight illuminates them. Publius : Tacitus, these elements of the Games are unprecedented. Not only are the lighting conditions a first, but it also seems the usual opening battle will not take place, if the tributes are blind to begin with! Tacitus : It will still take place, but no doubt with fewer casualties than usual. Stout wooden staves placed near each launch pad should be visible in the Cornucopia's light during the countdown. The Gamemakers believe some tributes will use them as a cane of sorts to feel their way while still blind. Some tributes will eventually make their way to the Cornucopia in anticipation of supplies there, and those will undoubtedly use the staves as weapons. Thus, there will be some initial casualties, but most tributes are not expected to remain at the Cornucopia long, due to the absence of supplies and the presence of the snakes Antonia spoke of. Publius : Thank you, Tacitus - Tacitus : I should add, though, that the beacons are expected to be the sites of smaller-scale battles as tributes discover the supplies there, but it is clear the battle sequence of these Games will be markedly different. Publius : Thank you again. This extraordinary turn of events will dramatically alter the dynamics of the Games! We now have previews of the terrain, flora, additional fauna, and other hazards which our tributes will encounter. Reporter Delecia Sabian is at a key location in the arena. Delecia? It is marginally lighter near Delecia, though she is still illuminated by a camera light. Thick trees, cattails, and a pond are visible in the background. Her pale skin contrasts with her long dark hair, black lipstick, and dark inch-long eyelashes that curl beneath and around the sides of her dark eyes. Delecia : Correct, Publius. The Cornucopia and launch pads are surrounded by an unbroken ring of wetlands with varying degrees of hazard. I am standing - Aaaah! Delecia slips but regains her balance. Correction - barely standing on the end a slick log that has fallen partway across a swamp. A number of small swamps like this one are present in this ring. Other sections contain only soft mud, ankle to knee deep, that will definitely slow our tributes down. Quicksand ... Delecia slips again, shrieks, and wildly flails her arms. Though she remains standing, she drops her mic, and the sound turns to gurgling. The coverage returns to the studio. Publius : Delecia and her crew seem to be experiencing some technical difficulties. We will try to return to them later in our telecast. Correspondent Serena Berengar is standing by at what may prove to be a game-changer. Serena, is that a - berry bush? Serena wears a curly pink wig, heavy silver eyeliner, and a centimeter-wide strip of bright red lipstick down the middle of her lips. Her ensemble is complemented by light lavender skin. Small dots of purple, red, yellow-gold, and creamy white adorn the bushes surrounding her. Serena : Several of them, Publius. This cluster of bushes contains four unusual species that have never before been in a Hunger Games arena. Each kind will be found growing on the inner and outer edges of the ring of wetlands, though not necessarily all in the same place, as they are here. The trainer at the edible plants station had samples of each this year, so for their own sakes, I hope the fourteen tributes that visited that station remember exactly what to look for. The other ten will be - literally - taking a stab in the dark. These species are differentiable by their size, texture, shape, and, if there is enough light, their color. Eating one of these dark purple, oblong, bumpy berries will cause a human's nervous system to fail. That person will first lose control of extremities, and as time progresses, limbs and facial features as well. Death occurs in five to ten minutes. They are very juicy, however, and they will undoubtedly tempt someone unfamiliar with them. These smooth-skinned red berries look like a cherry the size of a large pea, though they do not have pits. They will give whoever eats a handful about fifteen minutes of enhanced vision in the dark. After that effect wears off, however, that person will suffer intense nausea for about an hour. The remaining two kinds of berries are delicious. These white berries resemble squat, shriveled, unripened strawberries, and the seeds on their skin make them feel much the same. They look unappetizing, but they are perfectly edible and surprisingly filling. And finally, we have some smooth-skinned, yellow-gold teardrop-shaped berries that resemble miniature pears. Be careful when biting into one, however, and spit it out if it is too tart. Ripe berries are slightly darker in color and slightly less firm, but these differences are very subtle. Tartness is the best indicator of their ripeness, however. Ripe berries are less tart and pose no lasting ill effects other than mild indigestion, but only about ten percent of people experience that. Swallowing insufficiently ripened berries, however, can cause dizziness, blurred vision, or burtations. Publius : Serena, what exactly are "burtations"? Serena : They are strange, unexplainable kibbits of nonsensical words whose meanings are debaudging to rophothers, but teret darisons duposeously interposcate with spriptury hospires. Actula walwort satics fricamize lopics, taysan darisons are dangerous if nancessated. Allogividuals experiencing them must be restranitated or ... they begin to pliender violenial ... no, olential callention ballen people experim spribs ... Serena's face fades from cheery to blank to hostile. She begins to yell at concert-hall volume. Serena : Pollchit! Duposta hinglen spuzz! You're a brigenating ... Serena's audio cuts off as the screen goes black. Two seconds later, the black screen is replaced by Publius in the studio. Publius : We ... now ... uh, continue our exclusive tour of the new Hunger Games arena. Let's go to Pliny Swallowtail for details about the outermost terrain. Pliny? Pliny stands in what looks like pre-dawn light, beside an enormous pile of mud. One hand holds his microphone; the other, a blob from the pile which runs through his fingers. His chartreuse hair sticks up along the middle of his head, and it is spattered with small dollops of mud. He has a slender red lightning bolt tattoo that begins above one eyebrow and ends below