A/N: This was my entry for the Happily–Ever–After Twific contest. Didn't win (didn't expect to) but yeah. Here. Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight. This one's for all my fandom friends. We may only talk online but some of you mean more to me than my RL people. Thank you for your friendship. Special thanks to Agustina and Ana. Summary: An online friend, a support, a reason to go on. Emails that serve as a lifeline for two people who have known each other most intimately, just through words. Dear NotSoBadass, The beginning and the end are always very easy. It's the middle that taunts – reachable, but not quite. Touchable, but you can't feel it. Mirage. Elusive. The substance of everything you do is in the middle and sometimes it's just so hard to find it. What if you never find it? What if your life has a beginning and an end – like all lives do – but you never get a middle? What if your life is like someone handed you a creamless Oreo? What if you stay in the middle of nowhere, in a town where fun equals going to a restaurant where everyone knows you and still chooses to ignore you? What if you're nothing special? What if you're just a blip on the social radar – just a tiny little blip that people see and then look away? What if no one cares? What if you sit under your blankets one night before Christmas and wonder about where your life is headed and there are simply no answers? What if you've been trying to contact your 'friends' for hours and they are too wrapped up in their own lives to pick up the damn phone and just hear your 'Happy Holidays' greeting? What if you miss them and they don't miss you back? What if you moved away from the city and away from the only friends you knew, and after days of crying on the phone and promises of forever, the phone calls became weekly and emails became monthly and visits just never happened? What if they chose to move on too? And why shouldn't they when there's nothing special to hold them back? What if you have no one to kiss under the mistletoe, or when the countdown to the New Year ends, and that midnight will be spent lonely, possibly checking out Facebook, looking at everyone else's partying photos and resenting their happiness? What if you forgot what it's like to be happy and content? What if you're just plain lonely ? Because I think I just might know how that feels. Sincerely, ForeverAlone PS: I miss you. I don't know where you've been for the past three weeks, and I might be spamming your email id with emails I don't even know you've read. Or hell, maybe this is one more message on the internet, sitting in some server like a lost puppy with no home and no one willing to adopt it. (Your figurative absence is making me more melodramatic than usual. If you are simply ignoring me or if I said something to upset you, let me know so I can at least have closure. You owe me that much.) PPS: Merry Christmas. Dear ForeverAlone, I think your beginnings and ends are just ideas that you've been fed and fed and overfed since childhood. Who is anyone to decide when your life begins and ends? I don't think anyone qualifies to make that choice for someone else. Yeah, my biology teacher will probably define it in clear terms – you are born, you live, you die. I don't think that's life. I think that's existence . To live, you have to live . Life begins from the moment you decide to live it. Life ends when you no longer have the energy to curve your lips into a smile or let your eyes tear up. When you don't have reasons to go on. When your body chooses to confine you to blank walls and narrow, lumpy beds and mind chooses to torment you with memories of moments you wish you could have held longer. Then you wait for biology to decide when your time is up. You know I live in a similar town. Only, I am more than a passing blip on the radar. What if I told you it's nothing special to have fifty people around you, drunk and having the time of their lives? What if even in the midst of so many people, you couldn't relate to a single one? 'What if no one cares?' you ask. What if your idea of care was screwed up? Because if you think having your picture taken with a crowd at a New Year's party and having fifty 'likes' and a hundred 'comments' on it means that all these people care …you're wrong. They only care that their nose looks crooked, or that their paunch is showing, or that they are standing with the hottest person. And if they are one of the likers or commenters, they only care that you're standing with a bunch of popular kids so commenting on your picture will make them look like a part of that fun they can't have. By the way, why must under the mistletoe and New Year's kisses mean so much? Why should we need redundant traditions to show someone how much we care? Sincerely, NotSoBadass PS: I missed you more than my words can tell you. I was grounded for…reasons. On top of that I failed a couple of tests and my parents decided to overreact as always and take my internet away. Couldn't email you from school before vacations either because my computer teacher is always hovering, convinced I surf porn (I swear it was only once, and I was dared). Anyway, I have my internet back. I'm offended that you think I am capable of just abandoning you. Not cool. PPS: It sucks to care about those kisses. It sucks even more to have a tongue that tastes of bitter alcohol and vomit shoved down your throat at the start of a new year. (My brother did not have the best start this year, and I had to hear all about it. Still on the lookout for brain bleach. Help appreciated.) PPPS: If someone gave me a creamless Oreo, I'm fairly certain I would slap them. Hard. Dear NotSoBadass, I am so sick and tired of this teacher at my school. She relentlessly picks on me. It's like she takes one look at me and knows – just knows – that I don't know. And I don't. I don't know what she's talking about and I don't know why she keeps talking about it. It's nothing my books don't tell me. I just choose to not remember it. And why should I? What great life lesson can be learned from this gibberish? Does it teach me how to cope with loss? Does it teach me how to be my own person and not let myself be defined by the stereotypes that I know people use to define me? Does it make the ' loser ', 'emo twat', 'homo', 'crybaby' post–its on my locker okay? Does it teach me the courage to rip off those notes with dignity, tear them to shreds in the middle of a crowded corridor and shower the shreds on the persons who posted them, instead of coming to school early and getting rid of them before anyone can see? Does this education make it easier for me to answer where I'm going with my life? I don't let my grades slip, though. I always cave in at the last minute and just…fucking study. I don't want to disappoint my Dad. Though I think it might be too late for that. Sincerely, ForeverAlone PS: I'm sorry I offended you. I don't know why you put up with me, but I am glad you do. I can never thank you enough for that. Dear ForeverAlone, Last night I was in an accident. Well, a small one, where I didn't get seriously hurt or anything, but an accident nonetheless. You see, one of my friends borrowed this bike – which is a fancy way of labeling temporary theft – from his elder brother. Got a hold of the keys somehow and called me up past my bedtime – I promise I'm not ten, and it's just that I like routines, hence the term 'bedtime' – for a fun night out. And I thought – why the hell not? Was it not me who was preaching about living ? So I did it. I snuck out of my house for the first time, feeling this rush inside me. Like my insides were being tickled. Like my head was on fire. Like I could just do anything and be anyone. All because of the thrill that sneaking out gave me. And it was nothing compared to the thrill that that bike could create. Holy shit. So there we were on this empty road, speeding away to nowhere, breathing and laughing and feeling like the world was our game and we had just won. And then this animal came out of the woods; out of nowhere it was right in front of us. My friend hit the brakes but it wasn't soon enough. He panicked and swerved and we barely missed the creature (I think it was a deer but it was too dark to tell – also, I was a second away from shitting my pants to really care about what that thing was), but we were going too fast and skidded down the highway. I don't know who it was among the two of us, but in those five seconds of pure panic, one of us yelled 'jump!' – and it was stupid. So, so stupid. The whole thing. The bike, the speed, the brakes, the jump – all of it. But that's what danger does. That's what thrill does. It makes you senseless. So we somehow jumped and rolled over on the road, while the bike hit a rock and choked and coughed like an old man before dying completely. We dragged the bike all the way home, with shaking hands and foggy breaths and racing hearts and fear and gratitude. I actually thought I might cry. I don't think I ever felt so much before. My friend is grounded, obviously. He also has to earn the money to repair the bike. I haven't told my parents about it. They would freak out. My friend decided to keep me out of it…told others that he was by himself. Small mercies, I suppose. I just have a few cuts and scrapes on my body and this huge bruise on my back – the signs that last night even happened. It still seems a dream that was on the edge of being a nightmare. And the only real thing about all this is that in those seconds, mere seconds, when I thought I was going to die, for some reason my only thought was you. Sincerely, NotSoBadass (my name never suited me more) PS: I hate school too. But you already knew that. PPS: Those people who put notes on your locker are the losers, not you. Don't let them make you believe otherwise. PPPS (is there a limit to these things?): You put up with me too. In fact, I can safely say that you are the best friend I have. Thank you. Dear NotSoBadass, Holy. Freaking. Shit. You just scared the hell out of me. The whole accident sounds terrifying. I'm just…OMG. If I knew you in real life, now would be the time when I would buy a bus/train/plane ticket to get wherever you are and hug you. I would. I so would. Because despite knowing that you are okay, just reading all of that makes me regret that I haven't met you. I