Draco clenched his fists beneath the table, face impassive despite the anger burning his blood. The whispers along the Great Hall melding together imperfectly, several clear phrases making themselves heard over the noise. He grit his teeth tightly, feigning calm as he had been taught over the years. Blaise nudged him gently, a small concerned glance belying his neutral expression. "I'm fine." He replied to the unspoken question, wondering if he had just inadvertently lied to his best friend. He was fine at the moment but he wouldn't be for much longer. Smug bastard… just like his father… wouldn't be surprised if he ends up in Azkaban soon… heartless… arrogant… The whispers carried from varying areas in the room and Draco forced his fists to loosen, making an effort to eat something to quell his stomach. He glanced around, ignoring the glares and angered faces that had almost become normal to him over the last few weeks. His eyes skimmed over the Golden Trio, noticing their silence on the matter but discarding it quickly. Potter had been silent since the death of Diggory and his friends were far too busy with him to bother with the school rumour mill. Draco shifted in his seat, resting his chin on one elbow as he pushed food about his plate, eyes settling on the Head table. Twinkling blue eyes met his gaze and Draco raised an eyebrow in acknowledgment before glancing over at the Potions Master. Dark eyes lifted to meet his after a few seconds and Draco relaxed minutely at the concerned look Snape bestowed upon him. It was only the slightest thing, the smallest of changes in facial expression that only those few who truly knew him would be able to identify. "Draco?" He hummed idly beneath his breath, shifting to meet Blaise's gaze. "Are you going to eat?" Sighing, Draco glanced down at his plate, frowning at the mangled remains of Merlin knew what. "No." He raised his eyes, surveying the room once more and letting the flow of conversation pass over him. Emerald eyes met his and he tensed at the searching gaze, furrowing his brow at the unusual occurrence. They had avoided each other for a while now, Potter being too caught up in his own stuff and Draco ignored him in turn. The whispers continued and Draco grit his teeth, keeping his mask in place as it all became harder to ignore. Finally he snapped, climbing on the table before Blaise could tug him down and shouting for attention, uncaring of the hem of his robes getting dirtied or the trays and goblets he had just misplaced. "Listen carefully. I will only say this once." He glared round at those in the Hall, seeing all eyes on him and disapproving glares from the Head Table. "I am not my father. I am not a Death Eater." He pulled up his sleeve, baring his pale unblemished arm for all to see. "I will not bow to anyone ." He dropped his tone, deadly serious. "Especially not that filthy mud-blood, Voldemort. That fool has far too many screws loose. I will never choose that path." He glared at them once more, taking in their shocked expressions, knowing he was playing with fire and finding himself unable to care. "I will not choose that path even though it will cost me everything." He pursed his lips as Dumbledore rose, blue eyes flashing with disappointment. "Master Malfoy, please refrain from standing on tables to make speeches without permission. I have no choice but to give you a detention tonight with Filch for disturbing our meal." Sneering Draco met his gaze, forcing his voice to stay its usual drawl and wincing inwardly as it trembled. "I really don't care Headmaster." Turning on his heel, he stepped down onto the bench, stalling when the flap of wings cut through the silence. All eyes turned to the ceiling to watch a regal owl swoop in towards the lone figure on the table. Cold blue eyes watched it unamused. He knew this would arrive. The red envelope caught everyone's attention as the owl dropped its cargo before the Slytherin. He watched it with a bored gaze as it began to burn, opening and sneering at him. The letter must have arrived at the Manor, his family had made their choice as he had made his. He knew what it would say, leaning down to pick up a goblet of juice as the letter spoke. The voice was a low, level and controlled hiss compared to other howlers and Draco felt his stomach twist at the serious tone. DRACO LUCIUS MALFOY! HOW DARE YOU. YOU CANNOT GO AGAINST YOUR FATHER'S WISHES. IF YOU INSIST ON defying us you know what that means. YOU ARE NO LONGER OUR SON. Taking a small sip of the juice in his hand, Draco tipped the goblet over the howler as it spoke its last words, the curses muffled by the glass, rendering them ineffective. Watching silently as it tore itself up and burst into flames, Draco turned to the headmaster. "I think I'll go back to my common room now." He stepped off the bench in silence, striding across the quiet hall, feeling eyes boring into his back as he pushed through the doors. Cold air met him as he left and Draco kept his pace steady until the doors finished closing, feeling tears prick at his eyes and changing his walk to a run. No one could see him now, there were no pretences to keep up but those he had been trained too long in and Draco bit back tears he was not allowed to cry. He had known he would be dis-owned, was prepared for it but it still hurt. He had loved them in his own way, had expected the outcome but wished deep down for a different one… Sniffling, he slipped into the common room, rushing to his room and charming the door closed. His breath caught and Draco flopped onto his chair, still tear free, staring into the fireplace flames as they crackled. He was Draco now… just Draco. The doors closed behind the blond and the room erupted into chaos, people speaking over the others as they tried to figure out what that was all about. Malfoy had been disowned? Was no longer a Malfoy? He had defied them? Refused the Mark? To serve the Dark Lord? Speculation was writhe and Blaise clenched his fists, feeling the skin break as he glared about at the gossiping teens. "It was fake. Had to be. Bloody bastard would never be disowned by them. He obviously made it all up." Weasley's voice travelled across the room, easily cutting above the others and Blaise bit through his lip trying to control his temper. The headmaster looked concerned, staring at the doors as Snape leant close to whisper in his ear but Blaise was distracted by the red-head once more. "Git probably wore a glamour to cover the Mark, we all know he's a Death Eater…" Enough was enough and Blaise stood abruptly, bench shifting with the move and causing several Slytherins to spill their food. Glares came his way but Blaise ignored them, focused on one alone. "Shut the fuck up Weasley." He hissed the words, venom dripping from each one. "You know nothing." The other stared at him across the room, all eyes on him and Blaise fled after his friend, unnerved by the stares and wondering how Draco could stand it. He knew he would be in trouble later but now was the time to worry about Draco not him. Harry stared at the retreating figure, watching Snape follow quickly, cloak billowing in the way all Slytherins seem to have mastered. He frowned, turning over what he'd just seen in his mind. Malfoy… Draco had just been disowned… had lost everything… had turned away from all he'd been taught. He glanced round the room, hearing snippets of conversation all wondering whether Draco was faking or not. Had they not seen him tense as the owl reached him? Not heard the muffled curses sent by his own mother? That was unmistakably Narcissa Malfoy's voice and though Harry had heard it only once or twice before, you didn't forget Malfoys in a hurry. The blond's eyes had flickered, emotions smothered quickly and Harry wondered if he had gone to break down… His voice had sounded so defeated… so lost when he had spoken to Dumbledore after the howler… Ron growled beside him, annoyed at what Zambini had said and Harry wondered if anyone knew the truth about M… Draco. Snape grimaced at the sight of the Slytherin on the floor outside Draco's doorway. The teen sat curled in on himself, head buried in his arms. He stood in front of the other, watching him twitch as he noticed his presence. "He won't let me in Sir." Snape nodded, stepping round the huddled form and knocking on the door before him. "Draco." A slight shuffle met his ears, the lock clicking open but the door stayed shut. Huffing, Snape opened the door, stepping into the dark room and moving through the immaculate space to the figure sitting in the armchair by the fireplace. Blank eyes glanced up as he approached and Snape winced at the sharp pain that sliced through his heart. His godson was hurting. "Draco." He repeated, his tone softened as the blond stared up at him. Hard blue eyes glistened, tears building in their corners and Snape panicked as the boy broke down. He had not cried for a long time and Snape was not one people cried to. He didn't know how to comfort him. Draco sniffled before him, tears streaming down his cheeks and Snape crouched down, reacting as he had seen others do and pulling the teen into his arms in an uncharacteristic hug. Slim arms wrapped round him, clinging to his robes and a wet face was buried into his neck. "Sev…" He whimpered and Snape ran his hand over the others back, feeling the other shudder in his grip, breath hitching. "Draco," He pulled back, looking into teary blue eyes. "Do you mean it? You really disobeyed them?" The teen nodded, sniffling pathetically, lower lip trembling in a way Snape hadn't seen for many years. "I… I sent a letter… I don't want to serve him. I, I don't want to kill. I knew they would react like this but…" He broke off into a sob and nodding at the choked words, Snape pulled him back into his arms, glad no one was witnessing this moment. Draco shook in his arms, sobbing silently and Snape rocked him gently, patting his back in what he hoped was a soothing gesture. Thankfully, the sobs quieted after a few minutes, the blond collapsing into him as he fell asleep, drained from the emotional upheaval. Sighing, Snape picked him up, concerned by how light his young charge was and wondering if he would be enough to take care of him. Would Draco even accept him as his guardian? The teen seemed to like him… He glanced at the youth in his arms, seeing the child beneath the mask and wondering if this meant he had his trust. Shifting his bundle, he moved over to the bed, dropping him gently on the covers and running a hand through the silky blond hair covering the other eyes. Sighing once more, he moved from the room, closing the door behind him and nodding at Blaise who stood where he'd left him. "Is he okay Sir?" Nodding once more, Snape moved from the room, brooding pensively. "He will be fine." At least he hoped. Draco sat silently in his spot, hair hanging into his face, too drained to bother slicking it back today. Breakfast was dragging by and Draco wondered if he'd ever feel hungry again, nudging food around his plate idly as his stomach clenched painfully. Blaise's