Harry stomped away from the Ravenclaw common room, seething at his girlfriend… no, his ex-girlfriend's cheek. Cho had given him another chance at a relationship a few months after the final task and she had been quite feisty, bringing Harry's urges to a noticeable level. The once innocent boy was now a full-fledged red-blooded teenager. He ran a hand through his hair, irritated at the situation she had forced him into, taking blind turns in his fury. The world was so much easier when he only had a maniac after his life. Now, with the war over and Voldemort dead, he had to deal with these stupid urges which he'd successfully supressed for years. Worst still, the young woman who had accessed them had now dumped him. She had left him for some stupid Hufflepuff and then she had even had the nerve to spread rumours about him. Untrue ones… well… actually, maybe a tiny bit true… Gritting his teeth, he rounded a corner leading away from prying eyes and stopped to bash his head lightly against a wall. Luckily, sounds would be muffled at this distance and no passing ghosts or portraits noticed his strange behaviour. He sighed, turning to lean against the wall and slide down to sit on the ground. She had spread that he was insatiable. That he was always after attention, after affection constantly. That he had been too full on with her. Huffing under his breath, Harry straightened his glasses, staring blankly at the wall. He had been slightly clingy, that he'd admit, but the rest was her. She was the one always pulling him into corners, teaching him things he never knew and when refused she was the one flirting around until he satisfied her requests. At least the rumours had had the opposite effect of what she wanted, Harry at least had that much. All the students were abuzz; Harry Potter was single and apparently insatiable. His already high popularity had sky-rocketed. Gone was the innocent they looked at from afar… now, they could touch. The students were fighting each other, some literally – he had seen several duels taking place for the chance to ask him out – while the teachers watched from afar. He was now second only to the Slytherin who fought with him in everything, the Slytherin Sex God, Draco Malfoy himself. Harry hung his head in his hands at the thought. The blond had changed with the past few years, the war having left its mark on him and many others. The once uptight snob had gone; hair now loose around his ears, cut short enough to barely reach just past his eye line. His cold silver eyes revealing rare instances of softness before becoming indifferent in a split second. Even his behaviour had calmed some and his mightier than thou attitude had dwindled, making him more appealing to those he used to seem unreachable to. His clothing choice had taken a turn too and Harry had found his gaze often caught by lean legs in tight dragon hide trousers or pale hands peaking from a soft oversized sweater, once in Herbology he'd even spent an hour staring at a drop of sweat running down the back of the other boy's neck before being questioned by Hermione. Realising where his thoughts were now centred, Harry shook his head to clear them. Ron had warned him of this – not about his strange fascination with Malfoy but of Cho. The redhead had told him when she had first been seen flirting with others, had been concerned when she had blown off the first date of many for studying she was always on top off and had even been the bearer of bad news after overhearing her friends discussing their newest breakup before the thing had happened. Not that Harry had believed him at the time, calling him jealous, having been too wound round her finger to notice what was right in his face all along. Cho had always loved being in the limelight and now she had it. In all honesty, she was welcome to it. He had long since stopped liking the spotlight he always seemed to attract. Maybe he'd never be free of the limelight and those wanting a piece… Groaning, Harry raked his hands through his hair once more. He wished he had listened to Hermione, the girl having told him that Harry and Cho weren't compatible within the first week of their relationship. Now he had to suffer through her good natured lecture, apologize to Ron and beg forgiveness, all while dealing with the overload of teenage hormones and wet dreams that he had missed out on due to the war. It was depressing; how often he would find himself dreaming of smooth hands and tantalising kisses. Now he didn't have a girlfriend, he was done for. How was he supposed to deal with his needs? He didn't fancy dealing with them himself… not with how often that would need to be done… he needed someone. Someone to take the edge off. No relationship, just sex. Only problem, he didn't know how to go about doing that. Did you tell someone? Grab them and declare it just sex? He wasn't sure. Scowling at his lack of knowledge in these areas, Harry stared down the hallway he came from, the chatter having receded now to the occasional muttering and shuffling of feet. It was getting late. Harry strained his neck, catching a glimpse out the nearest window and blinking in surprise at the navy sky signifying dusk. Soon it would be night time and Harry would have to return to his common room, having wasted half of his free Sunday… to face Hermione and Ron. Huffing in resignation at having to deal with the disappointment of his friends, Harry glanced the other way down the corridor. He was sitting near a corner, one not used often by the looks of it. Mulling his thoughts over in his head, Harry licked his lips nervously. Most of the school wanted him and if he did do anything with them he was sure they wouldn't blab… save a few anyway but he doubted they'd come this way, being so near the Gryffindor area. Maybe he could steal a kiss? Just something to tide him over for now until he could get Hermione on his side again… She'd know what he should do. Standing and steeling his resolve, Harry moved towards the corner listening intently for any footsteps coming his way. He wished he had his map with him but the parchment lay in his trunk so he'd have to hope his luck was good today. Pressing against the wall, Harry listened for any sounds. He didn't want any heavy ones, usually characteristic of heavy people such as the teachers. He didn't want any too light either, signs of young students or Dumbledore. Biting his lip nervously and trying to keep his heart from leaping out his throat, Harry waited. He wasn't too fussed who it was; even the gender didn't really faze him, having once experimented with Seamus before the boy got together with Dean. Harry just really hoped he didn't choose one of his friends or someone already taken. Soft even footsteps broke his musings, the hurried scratch of a quill on parchment alerting Harry to their distracted attention. He could hear the faintest rustle of robes as the other strode in a quick manner, not yet fast enough to count as a run or a jog. Swallowing once more and taking a breath to steady himself, Harry inched closer. The footsteps neared. Hopefully, whoever this was wouldn't freak out. The steps reached him and gritting his teeth and closing his eyes, Harry shot out of his hiding place. He grabbed the collar of the other's robes, tugging roughly and spinning, pulling his captive round and forcing them against the wall. He ignored the dropped items spilling from the other's grasp, the clatter of the quill and parchment falling on deaf ears. Quickly, before he could change his mind or the other could recollect their senses, Harry captured their lips. He pressed himself tightly against the slender body held against the wall, pleased that the other seemed to be around his age and height. Their teeth clashed due to Harry's force, the other having smacked their head against the wall in his haste and Harry could taste blood on his lips. He'd hurt them. Panic flaring in his mind, Harry pulled back, only now opening his eyes to look at who he had molested. Wide surprised silver eyes blinked at him and Harry pulled back startled. Those eyes belonged to one person and one person only. Malfoy. His face flushed swiftly and Harry opened his mouth to speak but couldn't find the words. Did he curse the boy? Did he apologize? He had hurt him, touched him and kissed him without permission… but it was Malfoy… did he have to apologize if it was Malfoy? Apparently he had taken too long as Draco spoke, shaky at first but stronger with each syllable. "Wh- what the hell, Potter?" Harry tensed, watching the other dust off his robes and straighten his collar, not yet noticing or just plain ignoring the blood trickling slowly down his chin from where Harry had split his lip. Why did it have to be Malfoy? Licking his lips as he worked to formulate some excuse, Harry shivered at the sweet taste beneath the coppery blood. The blond had recently eaten something sweet… he knew it, knew he'd tasted it before but the taste was so faint, he couldn't place it. Frowning, thoughts taken by identifying this taste, Harry was distracted from the other's questioning gaze. "Potter?" Harry ignored the other's query, glancing upwards and putting aside the fact that the one before him was his rival. Malfoy was slim with lean muscle in all the right places, well-proportioned from years of Quidditch. Pale unblemished skin, pointed yet well-formed features, soft blonde hair falling to his ears free of his usual goop. Not to mention his eyes; orbs which flashed silver or blue, mirrors which hardly ever softened. Harry wondered what they looked like dilated; what the other looked like dishevelled with kiss swollen lips, feeling a jolt of desire race through him at the thought. He stepped closer, moving on instinct. "Potter? Answer me!" Silver eyes widened as he neared and Harry backed the Slytherin up against the wall once more. "Potter!" Sighing at the other's noise, Harry shook his head before meeting Draco's gaze. "Just be quiet." He stepped fully up to the other, pressing against the tense form and resting his hands on slim hips. Pale hands slid between them and pushed against his chest, not enough to force him away but enough to keep him one step back from being fully in contact. Harry was undeterred. "Just be quiet for once." He whispered. Pale lips opened to speak and Harry leant forwards, capturing them before any words formed. He nipped lightly at Draco's already bloody lip, feeling the other flinch and attempt to pull away. With the blond distracted, Harry raised his hands to tug the arms between them apart and allow him the option to step closer if he wanted. Harry licked lightly against the injury he had caused before, feeling the other wince but still not respond. Now feeling frustrated with the other's stillness, Harry tilted his head just slightly, licking once more at Draco's bottom lip and feeling the slightest bit of give as the tense form in his arms slumped against the wall. Emboldened, he stepped as close as he could, feeling their knees knock lightly as he guided Draco's hands to rest against his hips. Satisfied the other wouldn't immediately attack him, Harry pulled back to allow the other to speak, to protest against his actions no doubt. Confused silver eyes blinked at him, the blond