Harry sighed as he lifted his pint from the bar, twisting through the horde of revellers in search of a seat and becoming increasingly frustrated at the idiot who decided that now would be a great time for Harry to have a drink. Seriously, what idiot decides that the night of the most recent Quidditch match's outcome, a positive one at that, was a great night to go to the bar? Oh, yeah, him. That's who the idiot was. He scowled, slipping past a rowdy group, eyes focused between not spilling his drink and finding an unoccupied seat in what was usually the quietest pub in all of Wizard London. He stumbled, barely saving himself with a helpful hand from a stranger, smiling briefly in thanks as he spotted what he had been looking for. Harry moved carefully, eyes searching for anyone who could take his desired spot from him. He grinned as he finally neared, glancing at the only occupant of the small table in the back corner of the place. Years of war with Voldemort had trained his senses and Harry unconsciously assessed this lone stranger. Wisps of pale blond hair escaped the deep cowl of the hooded cloak they wore even indoors, thin long fingers gripping a glass of half-finished Firewhisky in one hand and as the other trailed along the pages of a large tome spread across the table top, obviously marking where they had read. Harry noted the tense posture of a typical pureblood wizard, maybe too tense to be just any old person so likely someone with a few things they wish kept hidden, the extra touch of paranoia tightening the lines of concealed muscle just one knot too tight. Busy with his observation, he flinched as a reveller bumped into him; their hasty apologies falling on deaf ears as Harry remembered why he had travelled through the crowd to get here. After a small cough to let the other know about his presence, he spoke. "Do you mind if I sit here?" The stranger didn't even glance at him, the hand wrapped round his glass releasing the drink to wave at the seat in a gesture of acquiescence. Harry grinned, flopping into the seat without any care for the contrast between the two of them. Harry didn't care that the other radiated such an atmosphere of grace and elegance that his usual lack of grace had become more pronounced. He didn't care that he looked like an uncivilised commoner swigging down his pint compared to his table-mate who sipped lightly at his glass between pages. Harry rolled his shoulders, trying in vain to relieve some of the stress that his job as an Auror was bringing him before settling back in his seat once he realised the futility of the gesture and turning his attention to those filling his usual safe-haven with noise and drunken cheer. Happy wizards and witches wearing the winning team's colours blurred together and Harry sighed into his mug. Ron would have liked this, he mused. The red-head was Quidditch mad but his new wife, together since fifth year and married barely a year since graduation, Hermione had decided that they were in a rut and needed some culture. All this meant that his two best friends were now away in sunny Spain at present, taking a cruise which would take them across the globe over the next few weeks, leaving Harry on his own for the next month. He did have other friends, Seamus, Ginny and Neville to name a few but Harry was in the mood for some alone time. He hadn't had much of that since the end of the war; first with the press and following that with friends and family, well what he called family, all trying to keep him occupied in case he fell into a state of depression as he had been prone to doing. In all, he hadn't really had any long period of time to himself in the past few years and now he had a whole month of it… and he was already wishing for some familiar face to provide company. It had only been three days. Harry scowled at himself, wondering when he had become so dependent on another's presence in his life before taking another swig of his draught and realising that in his thoughts he had drunk the whole thing. Slumping dejectedly and replacing his glass on the table, Harry eyed his silent companion, thoughts churning with ideas of the man's purpose. Was he here for the match? Not likely, he hadn't joined in the festivities and no colour marred his black ensemble save the wisps of fine hair. Maybe he was here due to a private matter? Harry's eyes dropped to the book before him, squinting through his glasses at the inverted words in hopes of catching one he knew. No luck, a foreign language, possibly French if the few words he vaguely recognised were correct but Harry couldn't be sure. Languages were not his forte and the words before him were in an elegant cursive. Handwritten, he supposed since small barely noticeable ink splodges stained the pages. Feeling the prickle of an inquisitive gaze, Harry raised his eyes to meet the glassy silver gaze of the seated stranger. He stared in silence, brain cataloguing information in habit from his job. The orbs before him stared unwavering; irises a silvery grey, speckled with clear blue. The man before him was already partially drunk, though only the slightest glaze to his eyes belied him. "Er, Hi?" Harry could feel his face heat up in a flush of embarrassment at being caught observing and he watched a half-hidden perfectly manicured eyebrow raise slightly as recognition passed through the gaze he was still holding. He frowned, not having seen the other notice his scar yet as most do, now unnerved by the fact that he couldn't remember this stranger and yet the other seemed to know him. He watched in nervous tension as the other shifted in their seat, closing their book without marking their page and taking a large gulp of their Firewhisky, draining their glass without choking. He shifted uncomfortably as the other's tongue swiped along soft looking lips and the figure before him took a steadying breath. "You don't recognise me?" A merest whisper, carrying across the din only due to the smallness of the table they sat at. Harry shook his head slowly. "Should I?" A huffed laugh followed his question and Harry tensed more as the other raised a thin wristed hand to call over a barmaid. Surprisingly the gesture was noticed immediately and Harry watched the other gesture to the glass before him and murmur a request to the homely witch serving him. A nod and the woman left, the stranger now returning his attention to Harry. Heavily robed elbows shifted to rest on the table edge and slender fingers steepled as a pale pointed chin rested on the surface created. Silence still. Harry felt annoyance bubble in his gut. This stranger infuriated him. The witch returned quickly and silently, placing a clean glass and two full bottles of Firewhisky on the table top with no acknowledgment given by the other except the handing over of several Galleons in payment. Harry glared at the pale hands that shifted to open and pour a healthy serving into both glasses. Agitated by the other's silence but not passing up a free drink that showed no signs of tampering, Harry took the glass, taking a sip of the burning liquid before asking once again. "Should I know you?" His stomach knotted at the quirk of lips before him, the smirk setting off alarm bells in his mind. Pale fingers raised, timed perfectly to Harry's next sip and tugging the hood back from a face Harry had thought he'd never see again. Malfoy. Draco Malfoy sat before him and Harry promptly choked on the small amount of alcohol he'd been drinking. A low chuckle met his gasps and coughs and Harry glared at the boy… no, man before him. Taking in this grown-up before him, Harry could see that the bully turned ally had changed only slightly with age. The few years, six or seven since graduation, had given him time to grow into his regal ancestry. Slim, graceful features now no longer pointed, all framed by soft wispy white-blond hair falling about his face to just before the back of his collar. The eyes should have set him off really but Harry could find none of the cold indifference or malice from their youth in the calm orbs before him. Draco's head tilted slightly, just enough of the mannerism to indicate his curiosity but not enough to make it too obvious. It seemed that most of his upbringing had stayed with him and Harry wondered what would bring the man before him out to such a common establishment. Then again, he didn't even know what had become of the young Malfoy after the war. Frowning at his thoughts as they spiralled out of control, Harry was grateful for the others decision to engage in conversation. "Remember me now, Potter? Or would you prefer me to call you…" Raising a hand quickly to ask for silence, Harry was pleased when the other stopped with only a raised eyebrow at the order. "That's not necessary Malfoy, unless you would prefer me to call you ferret? Just call me Harry. I haven't forgotten what you did for me back then." A wry smile and Harry watched fascinated as white teeth nibbled lightly on a lower lip before that tongue swept across the area once more. The man was almost twice as alluring as he was in his teenage years and Harry shivered at the thoughts conjured by the innocent gesture. "Harry?" The word sounded foreign from one who had always called him anything but and Harry tried to ignore the tingle the other's lilting voice caused in him. Instead he focused on continuing the conversation as he realised he had been given what he had wanted even though the companion he'd received was not one he would have sought out on his own. "So what brings you here… Draco?" The pale eyebrows that had only just settled rose once more at the use of his given name without permission and Harry tensed in preparation for an outburst. Only to shiver at the small smile that graced the others lips instead. "Well Harry, I was hoping to get away for a while and learn something from this book that I found at the Manor, " Those slim hands shoved the book more towards the centre as he spoke, moving back to grasp the glass of Firewhisky and raise it back to his lips for the briefest sip. "However, I appear to have chosen the worst possible time." At this, both turned to observe the rabble of celebrating fans that they had temporarily tuned out. Grimacing at their devolving behaviour, Harry turned back to meet Draco's gaze. "I had forgotten the Cup was due. I've been away in France for the past few weeks doing boring work that I couldn't pass on, so…" He sighed and Harry leant back comfortably, sipping at his drink and watching the more expressive man before him. It was difficult to match this Draco with the one from before the end of the war. Draco continued on without prompting. "I just couldn't face returning to that frozen hell and being forced to do something fitting to my 'standing'." The familiar sneer twisted his expression and Harry chuckled at the others animosity now that it wasn't directed at him or his friends. "Bored of the novelty of wealth?" He asked, swirling his drink before taking a sip. "I've been bored for a long time but now both my parents are gone, I have to do all the stupid mindless things to keep all our… my… businesses