Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson or the Heroes of Olympus Series A/N: First off I would like to thank all of you who previously read my story Shades of Gray the one shot I wrote a few years ago based off a pairing I was extremely into at the time. So this will be my first attempt at a long fanfiction after lurking on this site and reading fanfics for so long. Prior to me reading The Son of Neptune I had a great imagination for the Heroes of Olympus series, and was inspired greatly by many fanfics of this nature. I decided I wanted to write my own version of it to the best of my ability. The main premise is Athena was working with Hera when swapping Percy and Jason, and it causes an entirely new series of events to occur. AU of course and I apologize in advance if I get some facts wrong and since its AU some of the characters are obviously gonna be OC. Chapter 1: Blank Slate Olympus Hera's Palace 3 Months Before the Events of the Lost Hero December 13, 2009 Third Person POV "Athena, everything is going according to plan correct?" asked Hera. "Yes, Jason son of Jupiter, and Perseus son of Poseidon, will be swapped with Perseus being sent to Camp Jupiter and Jason being sent to Camp Half-Blood" answered Athena. The two Greek goddesses were currently discussing how to unite the two camps, Camp Jupiter and Camp Half-Blood in order to combat the upcoming threat of Gaia. Both the goddesses decided that taking matters into their own hands would be better than trying to get the entire council to agree on there way of approaching things, "Mother do you really think that Jason and Perseus will be able to bring the two camps together?" the Goddess of wisdom inquired. Hera turned slightly and faced Athena giving her a serious expression. Both Goddesses were extremely beautiful wearing white Greek togas outlined with gold, Athena with long flowing black hair reaching her mid back, and Hera with lush, wavy black hair and donning a tiara on her head only emphasized her role as Queen of Olympus. "Of course, Jason and Perseus both defeated titans of their respective caliber, Krios and Kronos, I believe that they can solve another impossible task such as uniting the Greeks and Romans" Hera said firmly. "Why do you put so much faith in Jason and Perseus, did you forget Jason is an offspring from one of your husband's affairs with a mortal?" Athena asked inquisitively. Hera glared at her step-daughter slightly before replying, "Of course I remember, for the goddess of wisdom, did you forget that I myself am the goddess of marriage which allows me to see every time a mortal cheats, which also includes my dear husband?" "Yes, I am aware of that Hera, but I thought you weren't particularly fond of demigods especially Perseus" "I have full faith in Jason to lead the Greeks he may have inherited his father's powers, but he doesn't have the arrogance his father has so I trust his judgment. As for Perseus, I have to admit that he is without a doubt a great hero, so leading the Romans should be easy for him, even if they are more volatile than the Greeks" Hera stated. The goddess of wisdom sighed softly and sat down on a nearby couch growing weary of this conversation between herself and her stepmother. "I don't think it's wise to leave the fate of the entire world to a roll of a dice that Percy and Jason will be able to get along with their respective camps, especially since their memories will be wiped" Athena said in deep thought. "I'll be able to restore their memories in time, but for now those two need to focus on the challenges ahead, and not be distracted by the reminiscence of the past. Especially Perseus, his feelings for your daughter developed further after the defeat of Kronos, Athena" Hera said smiling. "So? I still don't approve that seaweed brain's son romancing with Annabeth, nonetheless when Poseidon finds out about his son being swapped and losing his memories he will be angry without a doubt" Athena responded carefully. "Father won't be as mad because Jason gets to reunite with Thalia, but Poseidon values Perseus greatly, even more so than when Theseus was alive and Theseus was his favorite son" "I will deal with Poseidon when the time comes, as long as everything goes according to plan then we won't have any issues, thank you for the insight though daughter" Hera said thankfully as she walked toward her personal quarters to continue her work. Athena flashed herself out of Hera's palace and into her own, quickly throwing a drachma into a nearby fountain. "O, Iris, Goddess of the Rainbow, accept my offering and show me Perseus Jackson." the mist quickly shifted into an image of cabin three at Camp Half-Blood, with Perseus asleep. Athena knew that with the current swap of Perseus and Jason, there still might not be a chance that the Greeks and Romans would be fully united, Percy was too unpredictable and so she decided that permanently wiping his memory would be the answer. His fatal flaw was personal loyalty after all, if Percy knew about this friends on the other side of the United States were in peril or danger, it would only cause unnecessary distractions for him. Athena knew deep down that Annabeth would kill her if she ever found out she was the one who single-handedly destroyed her relationship with Percy, especially considering how much they had gone through together. She got to work on Percy's memories not once regretting it as she knew that this was all for the fate of the world. "The fate of the world…" Athena said to herself quietly. 6 Months Later June 1st 2010 "I swear this shit always happens to me" Percy said as he ran around a few trees and stopped to catch his breath. It had been a week since he had been on the run. He was constantly attacked by monsters and he didn't have any weapons to defend himself. Strangely, when the monsters attacked him, they didn't leave a scratch. He never felt pain, but the continuous stream of monsters was agitating. As hard as he tried, he couldn't remember anything from before the week. The only thing he could remember was his name and a dream from a few nights ago. Flashback Percy awoke in his sleeping bag late at night, startled by a weird sinking feeling in his stomach. It was strange as he tried to remember where he was exactly but couldn't name it as if it was on the tip of his tongue, but it just falls off like a piece of dust on the corner of a table. Suddenly there was a brief flash of light, and as Percy blinked out the dizziness in his eyes he opened them to see one of the last goddesses to ever visit him in his dreams. The goddess in front of him was wearing elegant style roman-like robes with an owl on her shoulder. She glanced at Percy as he regained his bearings watching as he quickly stood up and began to bow in front of her. "Lady Athena it is an honor…" "It's Minerva, Perseus, Athena is my Greek form, Minerva is my Roman form" Minerva said slowly. "Minerva? You mean the Gods have other forms?" Percy asked his eyes widening slightly. "Not forms, but aspects, ever since the center of the world changed from Greece to Rome, Rome wanted its own version of things, sculptures, monuments, cities, and even the gods themselves. Gods aren't just created Perseus, and with the heart of civilization moving from Greece to Rome back then, that is exactly what we did. It's what caused most Gods today to have two aspects a Greek and Roman one" Minerva explained. "I'd assume Lady Minerva, the Gods are able to swap between aspects at will?" There was a brief glow of light and Minerva disappeared replaced by Athena wearing Greek style robes, but with a spear sheathed on her back and the gray of her eyes much more prominent in this form. "Yes, however keep in mind that we Gods are not the only ones with different aspects, so do the titans, like Kronos who goes by Saturn, or Crius whose Greek name is Krios. Athena crossed her arms and continued, "There is a camp in California for roman demigods, Camp Jupiter, you'll meet others like you there, but first you have to go the wolf house and meet Lupa, she has to deem you worthy before you can go to the camp" Percy nodded his head as he recalled himself being a demigod, but struggled to remember who his godly parent was. "Lady Athena, my godly parent who is it?" Athena knew she had to choose her words carefully here, as this was crucial for Percy to understand in order to be able to properly lead the Roman demigods. She knew she had to keep the Greek Camp and everything along with it low key, or all the work she had done will be for naught. "Neptune, the God of Earthquakes, Storms, Hurricanes, Horses, and the Seas is your father Perseus, and before you ask yes there is a Greek version of the Roman camp, but as a Roman your goal will be to reach Camp Jupiter" Athena proceeded to send Perseus an image of where the wolf house was and who Lupa was, an ancient wolf who was there since Rome was born, as she mothered Romulus and Remus. "Remember Perseus, that the Roman demigod's Godly parents are the roman versions, calling them sons and daughters of their Greek aspects would not be the wisest thing to do" she warned. Percy nodded "Why me though, is it because of the prophecy?" "Yes the prophecy requires seven half-bloods and whether they be all Roman or all Greek is a mystery to even us, but we think you might be one of the seven so it is important that you reach the Roman camp" Percy nodded once more. "Good luck, Perseus" And with that everything faded to black as Percy's dream ended. *Flashback End* "Well what do we have here? a beautiful male just ripe for the taking" a silky voice hissed from behind. Percy glanced behind him and counted three empousa, all wearing ripped cheerleader's uniform with typical pale skin, a donkey leg, a fake leg, and glowing red eyes. "Shit, if only I had a weapon this would be over quick" Percy muttered as he tensed his legs preparing to run. "Now, now, honey don't you think it would be rude to turn your back on three beautiful women such as ourselves?" one of the empousa asked her voice laced with charm speak. Percy began to slowly walk toward the empousa as they grinned happily at such a delicious meal. As he got within melee range of the first one he grabbed her and quickly shoved her towards the other two making them stumble backwards and began to run. "Oh shit, I pray to the gods I can get out of this one" Percy swore as he ran around some trees to break line of sight and kept running straight, he knew the wolf house was around here somewhere and if he could get there maybe Lupa could help him. Percy stopped suddenly as a knife suddenly landed in front of his foot, a steel knife. He looked behind him and realized the empousa were gaining ground on him and throwing knives to try and slow him down. 10 minutes later he finally saw the Wolf House, and began to approach it as silently as he could. Percy lost the empousa a while back and didn't want to face any more