Alrighty- This is my first fanfiction. I hope you like it! Please feel free to let me know of any facts I may have been mistaken on. And please let me know if you think it's "Mary-Sue" ish and how I can change that! ENJOY! oxoxo I chose this life many a year ago. Exile from my people was a small price to pay for the relationship I would bear with the magical powers of the earth and her creatures. Every bit of the land spoke to me. Whispers among the trees told tales of secret love affairs… images upon the wind graced me with knowledge of lands from afar. Every stone, twig and leaf held a secret, whether big or small, begging to be shared with any ear that would listen. With this power was not control… but permission. Permission to listen, to see, and to feel what the land could provide. Permission to move, manipulate and utilize what Lady Earth had freely lain before us for thousands upon thousands of years. The gift of knowledge of the earth was widely rejected among my people. My people, although always explorative, studious and curious, feared this kind of magic. They felt it took away the mystery of life and its meaning, leaving the holder of the earth's knowledge a kind of empty shell… a being that has been so satisfied that they can no longer live, for once they have learned all the secrets, they no longer have a purpose to. I took these fears as a challenge. I knew of the witches that lived in the forests of Lothlorien…. They had built houses and cities like those among my people and thrived amongst themselves. I had first heard about the witches as a young child with my sister, and the young princes from around the realm. Stories that were supposed to deter my young mind from the lifestyle only made me hungry for more information. I would inquire about them to my father and once I was old enough, gather as much information on them as I could. After walking the halls of my father's house for nearly 70 lives of men I had abandoned those thoughts as a child's fantasy searched for my purpose. I had tried to follow in my sister's path. I learned to heal, gained foresight even learned to ride. I tried to act like a fair maiden, future wife, future mother. I courted a young prince from another realm. We had grown attracted to each other after spending our years growing up together, visiting each other's realms as we aged, relishing in passionate nights under the stars, and even considering becoming betrothed. But things had changed when, as my foresight strengthened, my curiosity for the power of Earth heightened. I could not forsake my visions, nor my unquenched thirst for this knowledge. I left my people, my family… my love… Without a word I disappeared… I had chosen to forsake my people and seek a new and fulfilling future that I had craved so much…. oxoxo Evil was coming. I heard whispers of it from floating leaves, and felt the tremors of the earth. There was talk of another war starting… like the wars of old. I rested my hands upon the tree next to my window… even there I could feel her fear, although slight as it was. Like people, even trees tried to hide their feelings to make others comfortable. During war, everyone and everything suffers. Upon a loss on the earth even the stones of the coldest mountains morn. I gazed into my mirror. Much had changed in the 50 years I had left my home in Rivendell. Although, still elflike, I no longer dressed like them, ate like them… spoke like them. My speech was more deliberate, less of a lilt and more of a cutting edge between my consonants and vowels. I dressed in only what was necessary unless desired or otherwise commanded by my queen. I was mostly free to do as I pleased as long as I respected Earth and all her beings. I lined my eyes with kohl as was the tradition amongst the Wood Elves with the Gift. I prepared myself for council to meet with the queen and the other Chosen Few. We all knew what was to be spoken of. There had been a council meeting called in Rivendell by Lord Elrond. All beings were to attend, including the Gifted Elves or "witches" as they preferred to call us. She was choosing five of us to travel together to help decide the fate of Middle Earth. I knew she would choose me to lead the company for I was the most powerful of the Chosen Few. My saddlebags were already packed. I was well prepared for the journey ahead of me… I had seen many ways in which my future could unfold from this journey and I was not afraid. My path was not certain but my intent was clear. I would help where I was needed. And I knew I would be needed. oxoxo My company led our horses into Rivendell as I felt no need to draw attention to ourselves riding in at full speed as the race of men or other elves had before us. They had destroyed much of the path and small plants beside it, we all said small prayers to Earth as we walked in, apologizing for the carelessness of others. We were met by servants of the house of Elrond and led to our rooms in a long stone hall. Nothing had changed in the years since I had left. Ivy still grew up the stone columns in elegant twists, the sun still filtered a golden gray and green through the thick foliage of the trees surrounding the house. It was still beautiful. But at that time I held more appreciation for it than I had when I was younger. Lady Earth had graced my old home with such beauty and such clarity that I could cry with happiness. I picked up a book from the shelf in my guest room and brought it to the terrace. It was one that I had read before, many years ago when I had still lived there. A story of how my father's people had come to be… moving to the lands of Middle Earth… cultivating it and bringing it to life. It was a beautiful story to be sure, but not one I was interested in. I opened it and pretended to read as I listened to the gossip gardens and stone bridges around me had to tell and watched more races of men, dwarves and elves come in through the gates below me. Most surprised was I to see three white horses enter bearing three white haired elves cloaked in silver and green. The first elf galloped in and gracefully jumped off his horse. At first the emotions in his eyes were that of fondness… but also a kind of deep hidden pain. I stood and watched him as he gazed at his surroundings. He stopped, almost as if puzzled and looked over his shoulder and up at me, as if he knew I was watching. His mouth opened slightly and his eyes widened in recognition. As he took a hesitant step towards me I set the book down on the rail and nodded to him before walking away. Shutting the doors behind me my heart was pounding. This is what I had feared. Not that I would still have feelings for the prince, for I knew I did not, but that he might still have had feelings for me or that I had hurt him in some way. It was beginning to grow dark. Supper would be served for all in the Great Hall. There would be feasting and celebration even in these times of darkness. And I would not attend. Let the elves of Rivendell believe I was performing unholy rituals in their halls. I did not care. For they would spin tales of me whether I was in their presence or not for ingesting strange liquors and leaves would have intoxicated them to believe many an untrue thing. Intentionally altering the mind of ones self was not something I was interested in experiencing for I feared it would harm my connection with Earth and her creatures. No. I remained in my room to rest my body and meditate for the following day. I prayed to Lady Earth for patience and drew courage and strength from the trees and plants around me. oxoxo There was a light tapping on my door later that night. It was already dark in my room but I was not sleeping. I was too anxious to do anything but stare into the darkness. I rolled out of the silk sheets, drawing power from the air around me I waved my hand to light the lamp at my bedside. "I am decent, you may enter," I said, pulling a robe around myself. Lady Arwen entered my room in all of her grace. She was still as beautiful as ever. Maybe even more than I remembered. Her white skin glowed in contrast to her silver dress and dark tresses, and her blue eyes sparkled in delight to see me. "My sister!" she gasped. There was almost a hint of relief behind her voice. As if she had been unsure all along of what truly happened to me. She glided over to me and took my face in her delicate hands. "My sister, I have missed you so." "And I you, my lady. How fair you in these dark days?" I asked keeping my voice low, and brushing my hand on a cut along her cheekbone. She looked at me incredulously. "Do not speak to me so! I have always feared for you and yet here you are before me asking how I am? You left us so long ago, not a word, not a note, just vanished. Father would not allow me to search for you." I shook my head, "I would have had it no other way." "Ariedta!" I raised my hand to silence her. "No, Arwen. You must understand. I did what I must. It is everything I have wanted and more. It is nothing like the tales of when we were children. Not a thing. It is a beautiful and strengthening gift, you must understand that." I crossed to the open window to shut the shutters. I preferred as much privacy as possible. I knew there were ears everywhere, not just in other elves, but other beings as well. "I left to protect you and father from being forsaken by our people. Just as you have chosen a human soul, I have chosen the Wood Elves. Neither of us made a wrong decision." Her eyes flashed towards me, surprised I would know such information. I motioned to the outside, "I hear things from the beings around us… lest you forget, sister." She shook her hand and took my hand. "Ariedta… you have worried father so. He felt so betrayed after you left. Not to mention—" "No," I whispered gazing towards the floor, "leave him out of it. I cannot bear to know how I've hurt him." Arwen took my chin in her hand and lifted my eyes to look into hers. "To feel emotions such as yours is to be a part of this earth. He searched for you for years. I doubt he has ever stopped loving you. Just as I have never stopped." She dropped my face and sat on the bed. "When you put things in the way you do, I understand how your choice was for your passion and not just out of greed for yourself. I do love Aragorn, Ariedta. I choose him over all else." I sat besides her, resting my head on her shoulder as we had done when we were younger.