-1 Of Farbarad, Trolls, Mind over Matter, and a Brawl in Combe Disclaimer: I (rather obviously) do not own Lord of the Rings, that belongs to JRR Tolkien and the Tolkien Foundation. Notes: This story is set in the year 3004 of the Third Age, (putting it at some 16-odd years before the 1 st Year of the 4th Age and maybe 14-15 years before the War of the Ring, give or take a year), and can be considered something of an A/U for a number of reasons. First, in this story, the Rangers of Eriador are more numerous than they were in the books. (at least by my reading) Not massively so, perhaps maybe 70-72 or so fighting men spread out throughout Eriador. Second, the date given for the tale puts it a ways after the Battle of the Five Armies in The Hobbit , but the AU part comes in in that the Orcs of the Misty Mountains, while broken and scattered, were still able to reinforce their numbers with warriors who escaped the fall of Dol Guldur and new troops sent to the mountains after the Nazgul reclaimed the fortress. This still small but growing army has led to a struggle in succession among the Orcs after Bolg's death, and Orcs from various factions have strayed into Eriador further than they had before in their search for plunder and slaves to maintain their troops. Emphasis on this being a small army though, say in the areas of 400-500 on one side and maybe 300-350 on the other from the Mountains, and maybe another three hundred and fifty from Dol Guldur, so it's nothing like what fought at the Battle of the 5 Armies. This puts a lot more work on the Rangers, but they are still able to keep the Orcs away from the people of Eriador, for the most part, and so the folk there still have the typical Bree-lander mentality we saw in the books. Third, Imladris is more of a small town than the impression I got of it from the books. Yes, the House of Elrond is the largest building and the town center, if you like, but there are some other houses and trade-shops in Rivendell, and it has its own little roadways. Finally, the bandits are a slightly bigger problem than they were in the books. It is also an AU because it centers around a Dunedain who is more mercenary and less noble than the regular men of Numenor. He still has his honor and principles, and will do the right thing, but duty and noble behavior are not concepts he's overly friendly with. These are notable departures from the Tolkien official canon, hence the alternate universe classification, though I hope this won't deter any of the audience from enjoying the story. Okay, very long-winded Author's Note done, on to the tale. Mornings in Eriador were a special time, and those who rose early enough to watch the sun rise over the Misty Mountains were in for a special treat. The sun's light would bathe the snowy mountain tops in color, and the morning air felt cool and fresh in one's lungs. Mornings also reminded the average traveler that Eriador was probably one of the safest places to be in Middle Earth, provided that one stayed clear of the Troll-Shaws at the foot of the Misty Mountains, or the large roads the bandits frequented, or the Barrow Downs, which were rumored to be haunted by the spirits of men long-dead. The remaining territory, and there was plenty of that, was closely guarded by the rangers, and thus fairly safe, and men from Bree and its surrounding towns and hamlets could go about their work without too much need of arms. The idea that some enemy may attack them was almost unthinkable to the folk of the Shire and of Bree-land, though there had been rumors of other folk of other lands being harassed. Orcs had been so rarely spotted in anywhere close to Bree-land that most who lived there thought them to be almost legendary specters of evil than anything else, and few Trolls ever ventured far beyond their fells to trouble the townsfolk of say, Combe or Archet. There were bandits in the area, but these were continually hunted by the rangers, though the Dunedain rarely received thanks for this from the men of the land. Yes, mornings were a time to reflect on the blessings one had in living in such a land. Unfortunately for some, morning was long past and evening was coming. For those living in western Eriador, that meant watching a gorgeous sunset, eating a good meal, and getting a quiet night's sleep. But for the rangers and other folk who guarded Eriador, especially its eastern lands, it meant a night of hard work. "Bah, night's coming, and it's raining as well. Wasn't the night bad enough?" The speaker turned his weary gaze on his companion, a small, fat, russet pony, and sighed. "I never should've come out here tonight, Card'." The man shuddered under the rain and cold of the early November night, and glowered at the sky. "Farbarad, old boy," Farbarad continued, "you should be in a warm bed, with a nice mug of hot milk and wine. Why are you even out here? Ah yes, because brother Haduil wanted to see you. And why did he pick such a Valar-forsaken night for our meeting? " He gave no answer to his question, choosing instead to curse the weather and his brother with complete impartiality. The Dunedain, Farbarad, as he called himself, was a somewhat shady, though outwardly respectable figure, known in several towns for his lively wit and willingness to lend a helping hand to anyone who had something to offer him, and for his penchant for sleight of hand and strong drink. He was reasonably well-liked by the folk of Bree-land, and much less so by his Dunedain kin. It was truly ironic, Farbarad mused: the men of this land were so willing to extend their hospitality to a man willing to get drunk with them, help them find a missing pin or lost chicken, to make foolish jokes, to cheat them and be cheated by them, yet they scorned and mocked the rangers who never failed to keep watch over all their little towns, keeping the servants of the Enemy at bay. "Brother." The voice caused Farbarad's spine to stiffen, and the tall, lanky man to whirl in his tracks, staring darkly at the dark-clad man before him. "Are you going to spend the whole night complaining to your pony?" there was a hint of amusement in the other man's deep voice, and the two Dunedain stared at each other disapprovingly. "I do't know, brother, perhaps I shall. After all, one cannot hope for better company than Cardolan here. What did you call me out here for? I would assume you come to me seeking my help, strange as it may seem that the mighty High Captain Haduil, leader of eleven sturdy Rangers, should come begging his brother's aid in a task." Haduil shook his head disgustedly. "I don't, won't, and never have begged you for anything, Farbarad. If you don't wish to aid me, then I will find another who will. I'm sure that there are other warriors in this land less burdened with pomposity and more aware of how little they actually possess." Farbarad spine, which had relaxed, stiffened again, and gave his kin a tiny, self-mocking smile. "You thrust the point home, Haduil. I will willingly admit that a gambler such as myself lives from hand to mouth. How may your humble servant be of service? What forced you to ask you to meet me here in the Chetwood?" Haduil's eyes narrowed slightly. "One of my scouts in the Chetwood reported seeing a score of Orcs and two Trolls in the heart of the woods about last nights. I don't claim to know how they managed to sneak past my fellow rangers, but they did. My men caught them roaming the woods last night. I and the four under my command ambushed them, killing many of the Orcs and wounding one of the Trolls, but the affair cost us. Tervail and Turemir were both moderately wounded, and others under my command have new scars to bear. "I'm sorry to say that at least a five Orcs escaped us, for all the carnage. My best guess is that they scattered to the east, so at least the men of Bree won't have cause to fear them. I detached those of my men that were uninjured to pursue the Orcs, and sent the rest to the nearest of our outposts. This leaves the issue of the Trolls. The other half of my ranger detachment in the area, five men under Captain Borbarad, is two or three days away, and I'd rather be rid of the beasts tonight. I tracked the Trolls down after the battle, and found that the Orcs had built the beasts a secure underground hold in the northern part of the Chetwood." Farbarad frowned, but reserved his outburst until he'd shared what information he had with his brother. "Ah, so that explains why the farmers around Archet and Bree have been losing so many sheep and cattle." Haduil looked up sharply, and raised a dark, bushy eyebrow. "Indeed it would. Tell me, brother, how long have the farmers been complaining about their missing livestock?" "Since last Monday, by Shire-reckoning. I've also found what was left of some bandits. I say what was left because there was nothing there but a few limbs, their weapons, and a great deal of blood. It appears that the Orcs and Trolls have been busy here a bit longer than they should, but it's obvious that they didn't want to alert you to their presence too soon." "Too true. Farmers have lost livestock before, and few folk here will report the deaths of few bandits. The Orcs are operating rather cunningly for being simple slaves of Sauron." "Aye, that is also true." Farbarad chewed on his lower lip and gave Haduil a none-too-kind stare. "So you felt I could handle a pair of Trolls on my own, eh?" Haduil grunted and shrugged. "Well, I must say in all modesty that I'm one of the better warriors you know of in the area, and you did right to come to me first. Ah, I can't say that mocking smile of yours warms the brotherly cockles of my heart, but I will try to destroy these beasts as a special gift for you. The Valar know that I've no more love for Orcs or Trolls than you do." "That is well and good, and thank you for giving this a try. You may keep whatever catches your fancy from the Troll-hoard. Despite our difficulties, I do hope that you find something in that hold that will help you make something of yourself…or at least keep you in wine or cards for a few weeks." "Ah, Haduil, you know me far, far too well." Farbarad laughed. "I just spent my last copper this morning, and the thought of finding silver or gold in coin or otherwise is a pleasant one to be sure. I'll begin the transfer of those goods from their claws to our hands posthaste, and will be long gone by the time you meet the other rangers and move out to destroy the lair." Farbarad and his pony broke company with Haduil and headed into the forest, though their speed slackened somewhat when they entered the forest proper. "I'm not overly eager to spring into battle with two Trolls, my bravado notwithstanding. I have some plans for a trap, but putting them into action will eat up what time I have. I must work fast. I shall leave you here, brave Card', you're too fine a pony to end up in