Title: Three Vampires and a Baby Summary: Immortals and perpetual bachelors Emmett, Carlisle and Edward find themselves the guardians of a mischievous human girl after she's abandoned on their doorstep. With the unexpected help of one of Edward's classmates, they navigate the landscape of raising a child, learning lessons in love and parenthood along the way. AU. Pairings: Canon Rating: M POV: Edward AN: I swear this isn't a crackfic, despite the title. I just thought it was funny. It won't be much like any similarly named movies… except for the fact there's gonna be three dudes and a baby. Expect a short and silly vamp AU. I'm thinking around ten chapters give or take. Probably give, knowing my penchant for going on and on. xx It was a dreary Monday when it happened. Wasn't that how all stories about someone's life being thrown into turmoil began? If that was the case, I defied convention because it wasn't dreary at all the day my life was turned upside down. The sun was shining brightly and the birds were chirping like life was good. The weather was the nicest it had been in Seattle since spring decided to show its face. Emmett and I were on our way back from hunting. There wasn't much else for a pair of vampires to do when the weather was nice. We couldn't go into the city with the sun high in the sky. Contrary to myths popularized by humans, sunshine isn't detrimental to us. It does, however, have the unfortunate side effect of making us conspicuous. Sparkling just isn't a common look unless you're in to drag queen circuit. Those who rule our world don't take too kindly to those of us who stand out in a crowd. I've made my peace with everything that comes with being a vampire, but let it be known it's my brother's fault we're here. Emmett is my brother and I love him, but he's done some questionable things. One of which led straight down the path to immortality. In 1930, at the height of prohibition, Emmett went out drinking with some of his buddies. He and his friends used to hang out behind the old town farmhouse and get smashed on nasty home brewed stuff they made. I supposed he had earned the right to let loose a little. He'd had huge amounts of responsibility heaped on his shoulders at an age even younger than I was at the time. Our parents had been killed in an accident when he was fifteen. In the space of hours he went from not having a responsibility in the world, to the head of a household and the only parent to his frightened twelve-year-old brother. We made it through five years with only one another to lean on. Emmett took control of our parents' estate and we got by well enough. Our father had been our town's only lawyer and he had left behind a generous insurance policy. It was enough that we could live comfortably until we'd both completed school and were able to stand on our own feet. I was finishing my last year of high school and Emmett was following in our father's footsteps, studying to be a lawyer. I wanted to be a doctor eventually. Emmett was worried our inheritance wouldn't stretch far enough to put me through medical school but, as always, he made it work. He cut back on nonessentials, sacrificing so he could make me happy. To most people Emmett seemed selfish and boisterous but I knew better. He put my happiness first, always. There was no one I trusted more than my older brother. Less than a month after I turned seventeen, Emmett told me he was going out drinking with his friends. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary, so I shrugged him off and buried my nose in my textbook. Sometimes he would ask me to join him, but he was aware I had a test the next day, so I knew that was off the table. Emmett was adamant that I do well in school. I lived for the times my brother let me join him and his older, more experienced friends. My high school friends seemed like such children next to them. I understood, though, why he insisted I put school first. Education meant security; something we both desperately craved having come from a broken household. I told him to have fun and that I'd see him in the morning. I didn't see him the next morning. If there was anything to know about my brother when he was drunk, it was that he became noisier and even more rowdy than usual. It wasn't uncommon for him to end up saying things he probably shouldn't have. That night, whatever nonsense he spouted alienated his friends. (Something crude about one of their girls, I'm betting, though he'll never admit it.) Whatever it was, it was offensive enough for them to ditch him out in the fields. Drunk and abandoned, he stumbled into the woods and, to make a long story short, he was mauled by a bear. Sounds glamorous, doesn't it? He refuses to go into detail about what happened, but the pictures paint themselves. He was found, hanging on to life by a thread, by a vampire named Carlisle. Compassionate to the core and unable to leave anyone to die, even my reckless brother, Carlisle took him under his wing, making Emmett like him. The next morning, I was awakened by the town sheriff, who explained that my brother was missing. A large quantity of blood presumed to be his had been discovered by one of his friends in the early hours of the morning. He was assumed dead after an animal attack, though no one could be sure without his body. At first I refused to believe he was gone, though deep down I knew he wouldn't abandon me. When he didn't return home for the rest of the week, reality hit home like a stone. I cried and raged for days. I had lost the final constant in my life. My parents had been dead for years. I had no other family. Emmett had been all that I had left. And suddenly he was gone too. I went on with my life with all the passion of a zombie. Looking back, I was more relieved than upset when he strode back into my life two months later. As much as I wanted to tear into him for abandoning me, the relief was greater. I didn't care that he looked odd or that his eyes were a startling red. He was still Emmett. The pained grimace he wore when his eyes landed on me hurt, but I could look past that. He'd come back and that was what mattered. I had every intention of insisting he take me with him this time. One minute I was appraising his strange new appearance and pondering how to phrase my demand without sounding childish, the next there was nothing but agonizing pain and consuming black fire. I didn't know what had transpired until three days later. I awoke in my parents' basement with my brother hovering over me, telling me how sorry he was and that he knew I was thirsty but there was someone I had to meet first. My throat burned like it had been rubbed raw with sandpaper. I wanted to ask what had happened to me but I couldn't push the words past the pain. Emmett explained that he had hid me until my transformation was over because Carlisle wouldn't approve of what he had done. I didn't know who or what he was talking about, but I could hardly focus beyond the pain and barrage of voices shouting at me from every angle. Emmett showed me that my eyes were red now, too, explaining he had made me into a vampire, like him. Carlisle was livid. I remember his anger very clearly. It was the first and only time I ever heard him raise his voice. He berated Emmett for taking a life that wasn't necessary. He yelled that I could have died and, given Emmett's newborn state, it was a miracle I hadn't. He was furious Emmett would risk my life for his own selfish desire to keep his family. But more than anything, Carlisle was pissed that Emmett had taken away my choice in the matter. Though those first few weeks of learning to overcome my thirst and handle the constant barrage of thoughts were some of the worst of my life, I have to admit that I wouldn't change a thing. I'd rather be a vampire with Emmett than alone as a human. It took years for me to come to terms with everything, but it was a breakthrough in forgiving Emmett. Deep down, I knew my brother had only done what he had because he couldn't abandon me. As for that sunny spring day that turned my life upside down? It had nothing to do with becoming a vampire. After decades as a vampire, I had come to accept my transformation as a natural progression in my life, akin to hitting puberty. It was a change, but one that was a necessary part of my identity. The thing it took to upend my life was actually something much smaller. It was a white bassinet. "What the fuck is that?" Emmett asked, nudging the crib on our doorstep with his toe as if the innocent piece of furniture might contain a bomb. I peered into it, more than a little curious why a bassinet was on our doorstep. "Well, Emmett, it looks like a baby," I pointed out sarcastically, after closer inspection revealed there was indeed a baby bundled inside. I was pointing out the obvious but with my brother sometimes obvious was the way to go. I was glad I could see into his mind. I wasn't sure I'd be able to make sense of him otherwise. I hardly remembered how I had lived with him for the seventeen years prior. He shot me a look, his tone dripping sarcasm. "Thanks for the clarification, Edward. What the fuck is a baby doing on our doorstep?" I plucked a crisp envelope bearing the name Cullen in neat writing from atop the sleeping baby. That could be any one of the three of us, though technically Carlisle was the only one who had been born a Cullen. Emmett and I had adopted the name later out of loyalty to him. I mirrored his tone. "Maybe this will tell us?" I slit it open with a fingernail, scanning the loopy writing. "Her mother is giving Carlisle custody of her," I explained with a frown. "It says she's unable to care for her and knew he would have the resources to do what's best for her. Carlisle was one of the doctors that delivered her." I flipped through the paperwork remaining in the envelope. There were a handful of identifying documents like a birth certificate and some official-looking forms signing over legal custody. I bypassed the identification, skimming the legal forms. I didn't know much about the legal system, but I was pretty sure that the person receiving custody had to be made aware of the fact they were the child's legal guardian to make it lawful. There was no way Carlisle would have agreed to raise a human child. The danger to her, being around the three of us, would be astronomical. "Give me that," Emmett insisted, wanting to see the proof with his own eyes. I handed over the envelope. My brother might look like a jock, but he held two law degrees, one of them from Stanford. If anyone could make sense of these papers, it would be him. His mind revealed he thought this was a cruel joke I was playing on him and was amazed that I'd made the documentation