Title: Lightning Summary: Bella hates thunderstorms. When she sneaks into her roommate's bedroom for comfort in the middle of a stormy night, she feels an electric spark that has nothing to do with the storm. Is it possible to fall in love with someone you've known since you were three? Bella and Edward are about to find out. AH. Pairing: E&B Rating: M, for the obvious reasons. Disclaimer: I own nothing. POV : Bella AN: My first real venture into AH… just for something a little different. xx Thunder crashes loudly and I startle awake, cowering in my bed. I hate thunderstorms. I always have. It's a childhood fear that I never grew out of. They're loud and obnoxious and in all honesty kind of scary. It's like mother nature is pissed and feels the need to let everyone in the vicinity feel her rage. The sheer power of something completely out of my control scares me. I suppose some might assume that means I'm control freak. I'm not really. I just like things quiet and well-ordered. I suppose that's an apt description for me in general. I'm the shy, tentative one who never breaks the rules. That's the antithesis to Edward. He's been my best friend since I could talk. He's never been afraid to speak his mind and has always been more of a people person than me. If it weren't for his influence, I'd probably have become a hermit long ago. We met in preschool. I'd been sitting quietly and minding my own business, building a colossus of a block tower when Michael Newton came sweeping in and, with the kind of self-satisfied smirk only a three-year-old can have, kicked it over without a second thought. Edward saw it tumble down and was quick to jump to my defense. Even at three he was a force to be reckoned with. His fierce green stare made Mike wither like a flower without water. I know now that Mike was only doing it to get my attention – how else do three-year-olds declare affection? – but at the time it was devastating. Tears welled as I mourned the loss of the tallest tower I'd ever made. Edward was my avenging angel. I looked on with awe, stunned by how brave he was standing up to Mike. Without a word he plopped down next to me in his pint-sized overalls and shiny Spiderman shoes and helped me rebuild. Together we built an even better tower. And friendship was born. I remember it like it was yesterday but perhaps that's because I've heard the story so many times I've manufactured memories. It's one of my mom's favourites. As our teacher, she saw it all transpire. Little Mike Newton wasn't smart enough to save his bullying antics until the teacher's back was turned. Edward has been my protector ever since. From thunderstorms, included. It doesn't matter that I'm twenty-four and I should know better. I don't want to be alone; especially since the crash echoing through my room seems even louder than the previous one. Pulling on my robe, I slip out of bed, my toes fumbling on the carpet for my fuzzy slippers. Finding them, I scurry out of my bedroom as quickly as my feet will carry me. A flash of lightning brightens our living room and I dash for Edward's bedroom, flinging myself onto his bed as soon as I get the door open. Thank god he didn't lock it tonight. He jars awake, springing into a sitting position. He spares a baleful glance at whatever has had the audacity to disrupt his sleep. "Sorry," I mutter, though I'm not really. I already feel safer with Edward next to me. I abandon my slippers over the side of his bed and tuck myself into his side. "Whuzrong?" he mutters, half-awake. He's aware something is off but not enough to worry too much about it. He's blinking and yawning and I wonder how he can sleep through a thunderstorm so easily. Another clap of lightning slaps the ground, thunder quick to follow. I cower, burying my face in his shoulder. Edward, a little more awake now, realizes the answer to his own question. A knowing smile stretches across his features. "Thunderstorm?" I nod, only the slightest bit embarrassed. Edward knows this quirk of mine well. It's not the first time I've snuck into his bed in the middle of the night, though it is the first time since we've lived in this particular apartment. Now that we're no longer starving students, we can afford a nicer place than the one we shared during college. Perhaps I should amend that statement – Edward's not a starving student. He's on his way to doctorhood. His salary as a resident is a fraction of what it'll be in a few years, but it's definitely better than mine. I'm a nearly starving columnist for a local paper. If we were both careful with our paychecks, we could probably afford our own places, but we're so used to having one another around now, living apart seems daunting. We've been roommates since we were freshman at NYU. Neither of us had ever lived without parental support. I learned to cook so we wouldn't starve and Edward learned how to do laundry and operate a vacuum so we wouldn't look like complete slobs. Together we make one completely self-sufficient adult. "Can I sleep with you?" I ask, though I don't need to, really. I already know he's going to say yes. He nods, lifting up the comforter so I can slip under it. I discard my robe and sink into the warmth of his bed. It's toasty under the covers where Edward's sleep-warmed body has been resting. I cuddle against him, shivering as another crash of thunder shakes through the room, illuminating Edward's face with an eerie glow. "You okay?" he asks, his tone brimming with concern. "I'm fine," I mutter, closing my eyes and trying to pretend the weather outside is bright and sunshiny. "I just don't like thunderstorms. Nothing new." He smiles. "It'll be over by morning. Try to get some sleep." I roll my eyes though Edward can't see me do so in the dark. "Yeah right," I mutter. Trying to sleep now is impossible. If he thinks I'm going to sleep, he doesn't know me at all. Light flashes. I bury my head in Edward's pillows hoping to block out the crash I know is coming. Instead of the woodsy scent I've come to associate with Edward, I inhale a familiar floral perfume. Recognition dawns and suspicion is quick to follow. "You hooked up with Tanya again?" I accuse. "Maybe," he says in a way that really means yes. Yeah, he might be smooth when he wants to be, but he can't lie worth a damn. In the dimness of the room I can make out his outline. Though it's dark, I can tell he's a little ashamed of this fact. If there's anything Edward is horrible at, it's hiding his feelings from me. "Why?" I cry. "She's a horrible, horrible person." The dark blob that makes up Edward's silhouette shrugs. "It was nothing, we were both just horny and desperate," he explains, as if that makes it better. "It was a one time thing. I promise." I bite my lip, forcing myself not to shout all the nasty slurs fighting for space on the tip of my tongue. I keep my volume steady though I have to grit my teeth to do it. "She cheated on you and then she lied about it. How can you trust her?" I might be a quiet person but there are a few things I have strong opinions about and cheating is one of them. Lying is another. When I'm passionate about something it's near impossible to keep me silent. Tanya is permanently on my shit list for what she did to Edward. I used to like her, really I did. I would have even said we were friends. Edward was notorious amongst our group of friends for having terrible taste in women. Tanya seemed like a breath of fresh air after an endless parade of weird, dysfunctional women. Not only was she gorgeous, she was smart and grounded, too. It seemed like she and Edward were going to be something permanent and I was happy for him. Less than a month before their first anniversary she confessed to me that she'd gotten drunk at her office Christmas party and "accidentally" cheated on Edward with her boss. The previous week she had received a huge promotion and an even bigger raise. The timing certainly seemed suspect. I suppose it was guilt that made her confess, though why she chose me as her confidante, I'm not sure. No matter how close we became, I was always going to choose Edward first. I didn't hesitate to tell her what I thought of her and where she could shove her worthless apologies. She left me to break the news to him, the evil slut. I was terrified he was going to think I was lying but he accepted my story quietly and without question. He knew me well enough to know I wouldn't lie about something so important. I hated seeing him mourn the demise of the relationship in the weeks that followed, as if she actually deserved that much. Nevertheless, I understood his heartbreak. Tanya had been the first person he had ever seen himself with forever and it really shook his faith in love. He wasn't quick to give his heart away. Not like I do. I fall hard and fast for guys who probably don't deserve it. I know a thing or two about mourning lost love. I must have gained five pounds eating ice cream, demonstrating how to adequately pine after a breakup. Though it's been more than a year, I have yet to forgive Tanya for her callous behaviour. Edward has always been a little more forgiving than I have, though. My stubbornness is legendary. Another flash of lightning and I see Edward's sheepish expression more clearly. "I swear to you, Bella," he says, green eyes serious, "I'm not starting anything with her. I've learned my lesson. It was just a one-time, meaningless hookup." I grumble but there isn't really anything I can do about it. Edward is an adult capable of making his own decisions, even if he makes questionable ones. How could anyone possibly hook up with an ex without there being feelings involved? "I hope you used a condom," I mutter, obstinate. "Can you imagine dealing with her for eighteen years?" He snickers. "I did." I can just make out him holding back a smile. "I'm not stupid. I was taught well by you, Miss Prude." I bristle. "I'm not a prude," I say hotly. "I enjoy sex as much as the next person. I just think it's important to do it safely. That's not a bad thing." Edward grins, so I know for sure he was trying to get a reaction out of me and got exactly what he wanted. After two decades, he knows where all my buttons are and how to press them. "I'm teasing you. Of course I don't think you're a prude. Remember Garrett?" I flinch at the memory. In the spring I had a relationship – or perhaps it's better described as a fling – with the lone trainer at our apartment's gym. Every time we went to bed together, Garrett was so… enthusiastic that my bedposts knocked against Edward's bedroom wall. It wasn't until I overheard Edward and our friend Emmett discussing it a week later that I realized it was happening at all. Though Garrett is long gone, I'm still trying to live that one down. And still avoiding Garrett for that matter. I can't look him in the eyes. "Kind of hard to forget when you and Emmett keep reminding me," I