Title : Stay Summary : A lot can change in five years. There's no way he's as perfect as I remember. Right? AH. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M POV: Bella AN: This is just something short I wrote to get me back in the AH frame of mind to continue Lightning (which will start posting next week.) It won't be continued. It was inspired (very loosely) by a song. If you can guess the song, I'll be impressed, and no, the title has nothing to do with anything ;) xx I catch a glimpse of bronze hair across the crowded bar. Even in the dark room with dappled blue glow thrown by the overhead bar lights, that hair is instantly recognizable. He turns, a laugh gracing his handsome features. My stomach clenches at the sight, even after five years. I wish, not for the first time, that the thought of him didn't make me so fluttery inside. Though twenty feet separate us, evergreen eyes find mine. He closes the space between us with confident strides, eyes scorching as he holds my gaze. I fight the urge to look away, hoping my cheeks aren't scarlet. I don't want to be that girl, the one who can't look her ex in the eye and be friendly. "Bella." His voice is smooth, velvet. "Edward." I sip the drink in front of me, hoping I appear as collected as he does. How can he be so composed when my insides are threatening a mutiny? I can't help but look at him. He looks good. Better than I remember, if such a thing is possible. He always seemed so much larger than life, even as a young twenty-something just starting to put the pieces of his life together. He's wearing a t-shirt and dark-wash jeans. He might as well be wearing a designer suit for as good as he looks in them. I fight the compulsion to smooth my hands over the crumpled grey skirt I donned for work this morning. He reaches for me, wrapping me in strong arms and the scent of his aftershave. I return his embrace, unsure if I love or hate that his first instinct is to hug me. His scent catches the air around me, causing long buried memories descend. I force them back into the recesses where they belong. He pulls away, a friendly hand lingering on my shoulder. His touch warms me, even through the heavy fabric of my blazer. "You look good," he murmurs, appraising me with kind evergreen that make me feel less like a wayward kid, and more like a confident, professional woman. He was always good at making me feel like the best version of myself. I tuck loose strands of hair behind my ear. "So do you." He chuckles gesturing to his casual attire with self-deprecation. "I'll bet." If only he knew. His complete unawareness of just how handsome he is… it's one of the things that drew me to him. I don't think I ever caught Edward staring in a mirror. Not once. Everything about him is simple, effortless, unplanned. "You're too hard on yourself," I return with a smile. "You look good in jeans." His eyes twinkle in remembrance. "You always did appreciate good denim." Is he flirting with me? If my cheeks weren't heated before, they are now. I appreciate that the forgiving ambient lighting shields him from the full force of my embarrassment. What is about this man that takes me back to the feeling of being a naïve 22-year-old without a moment's notice? "Jeans are a wardrobe staple," I assert lamely. His chuckle is warm. Mercifully, he chooses to gloss over my pathetic attempt at conversation. I sound like I belong on some awful show on E! "How have you been? Still working at the law firm?" I nod, glad for a reprieve from the inane conversation I started. "Yep, I passed the bar and everything. I'm officially Bella Swan, lawyer, now." His smile broadens. I can tell he's genuinely pleased. "Impressive." I sit a little straighter. "Yeah, well. It was important to me. My life's goal, you know?" I can't help the edge to my voice. It's not his fault we both had dreams… dreams that led us down separate paths. His eyes tighten infinitesimally. I remember his expressions well enough to notice. "I know," he says softly. He glances at the empty glass in front of me. "Would you like to get a drink, maybe catch up?" He gestures to a booth that has just been vacated by two tipsy-looking college girls. His evergreen gaze pleads with me to say yes. Helpless to resist, time, distance and other relationships be damned, I nod. A waitress slithers up to our table before we even get settled. This has nothing to do with me, and everything to do with the man across the table. Edward, ever the gentleman, offers a polite smile, ordering some fancy imported beer for himself. "A lemon drop for you, Bella?" I nod, touched that he remembers my favourite drink. It doesn't matter that it's no longer my favourite. The cocktails I liked when I was 22 are a far cry from the more sophisticated drinks (or so I tell myself) that I favour now. It's been long enough that he has every excuse not to remember. "You remembered." He shrugs. "I remember everything about you, Bella. I know we didn't part on the best of terms, but–" "Look," I cut him off, hoping I don't sound upset; I'm not. Not with him, anyway. I can hear the apology in his voice and I don't want spend the evening dwelling on our unsuccessful relationship. "This little dance isn't necessary, okay? I don't need to hear how sorry you are and that you wish things had been different. It won't change the past." He gazes at me, sincerity in his eyes. "Maybe it won't change anything, but it's true. Being the cause of your pain is something I regret more than I can say." His hand creeps across the table, slipping over mine. He clasps my fingers in his warm ones. "I know that," I mutter, squeezing his hand, hoping he accepts it as the conciliatory gesture I intend it to be. "It wasn't like it was all on you. We both made choices." With time and distance, and yes, some growing up, I've come to this realization. He might have been the one who packed his bags and left, but I was equally responsible for my choice to stay. The idea of taking a risk on him and trusting him to ground me as I started my life over in a new city terrified 22-year-old me. She's had to live with the what-ifs of making that decision ever since. "We did," he agrees. "But I still feel responsible." I shrug, noncommittal. "We'd only been together for a few months." I wonder how those few months, just four months out of over three hundred I have lived so far, made such an impression. Why has this man left such a lasting impact on my life? What is it about him, or me, that has made it so impossible to forget? It's not like I haven't had other relationships. Good relationships with good men; men who have made me happy. But the comparisons are always there, worming their way in, fighting for attention. Grass is greener syndrome is a bitch when you've already had a taste of the other side. "A few months or a few decades, our relationship deserved more respect than I gave it. It was a job. You should have come first." "It was your dream," I offer, much more charitable now than I was at the time. "It wasn't right for me to expect you to give that up when I refused to do the same." I remember the night that signaled the beginning of the end for us with alarming clarity. The memories have been imprinted in my mind: the arguing that got us nowhere; the too-quiet words spoken in resignation as we sat side by side on my couch; the final, cold realization that our relationship was over. Edward offers a tentative smile. "Chalk it up to being a couple of young and selfish kids?" I nod. It's in the past. There's no use in rehashing it now. At least that's what I tell myself. "So," I begin, wanting to talk about anything else now that we've come to an understanding about our shared history, "You're back in Seattle? Just visiting?" Edward's gaze flicks to me. He twists the beer our flirty waitress settles in front of him between his palms. "Actually I live here." "Hmm." I finger the stem of my martini glass, not wanting to to analyze how I feel about this confession. I know the twist of anger in the pit of my stomach is irrational, but I can't help it. He left without glancing back, and now here he is in Seattle again, like it was all for nothing. I shut down that line of thought, knowing it isn't fair to him or me. Edward is quick to continue, as if he's plucked the thoughts straight from my head. He was always good at reading my state of mind, whether I liked it or not. "Not for long. Just a couple weeks." He curls a fist into his hair, tugging at it. It's the first sign of uneasiness I've noticed from him all night. "Believe it or not, I was planning on looking you up. Are you still living over on thirtieth?" "No. Better salary, better apartment," I offer wryly. "Oh. That's great." I can't read his tone. I'd say he seems disappointed, but I can't see why he would be. My old apartment, while not a dump, was far from spectacular. I take a sip of my cocktail. "I think so." "So, you're a lawyer now, huh? You probably live in some upscale condo made of glass that's furnished with stuff that's all black and white." I chuckle. "It's not made of glass." "But it is an upscale condo with black and white furniture?" he teases. I laugh, even as my chest squeezes. I'd forgotten just how easy it was to laugh with Edward. I've put such weight how we hurt one another that many of the little things that made him special have gotten lost in my memories. "Maybe I'll show it to you." I realize the instant I say it how it sounds. The way Edward's connect with mine says he does too. He has the courtesy to pretend I didn't just offhandedly proposition him. "I'd like that. I've – well… I've missed this. Hanging out with you, I mean. I'd really like it if we could be friends." "I'd like that, too." My statement is true at face value, but it's also only scratching the surface of what I want. I've spent the last five years comparing every man in my life to him, after all. Given our little slice of shared history, I'm not sure if more is a possibility, but that doesn't mean I don't wish it could be. A familiar song cascades through the bar speakers. There's a giggly couple pressing buttons on the bar's old jukebox. Clearly this melodic love song was their selection. Edward chuckles, recognizing the song. He smiles at me in remembrance. "This takes me back. Remember Mike and Jess's wedding?" "I tripped the bride with my hardcore dance moves. She faceplanted into the wedding cake. Something like that is difficult to forget." Edward bursts into a full on laugh, probably remembering how epically I embarrassed myself, and poor Jess. Tingles erupt all over my skin at the sound of his laugh, despite the secondhand embarrassment on behalf of younger Bella. God, he's so pretty. It's not fair. I'd look like a Disney villain if I laughed like that. "I liked your hardcore dance moves.