Where Destiny Lies By Cheyenne Dancer Mithrandir was gone. The words sliced deep as a morgul blade thrust into the heart, pouring ice from that wounded organ to spread like a chill poison through his veins. Oh. Mithrandir. With each laborious beat of his heart, Legolas heard the echo of the words. Blinking back tears, he strode cat-quick away from the rest of the company. The men's sorrow was a low dull throb against his sensitive nerves. He wished fervently that he could leave them all behind, if only for a short span of time. He could hear Pippin's heart wrenching sobs and the hushed words of consolation being murmured by Meriadoc. Legolas could feel Peregrin's grief, as well, and knew that there would be no consoling the little one. The halfling's belief in his own guilt and shame weighed so heavily that it was a dark burden being broadcast to any who were sensitive. Legolas thought that perhaps he should ease Pippin's heart, but soft words of hope and mourning were lost to him, now. Perhaps, later, when he could forgive all that had come to pass. Perhaps, when the pain was not so near. Sam's tears were much quieter, though they were as a fanfare to sensitive elven ears. Gimli wandered erratically about the rock-strewn promontory, blustering in usual dwarfish fashion, yet Legolas knew that the dwarf's grief was no less deep than that of the periannath. Even here, perched atop a boulder overlooking the wooded valleys below, Legolas could feel the grief rolling off of Frodo. Legolas spared the young one a glance. The halfling hunched his shoulder as if in defeat, and trudged aimlessly away. He wished that he could walk away, too. Rapidly blinking his eyes to hide his own sorrow, he turned his back again upon the seven remaining members of the fellowship, wishing bitterly for Elrond's wise counsel. How could love hurt so? Deep burrowed his grief, for Elven mourning was not a light thing, nor intended for the eyes of outsiders. This, too, would need to be borne alone. For he was far from his beloved Greenwood and he had no hope of succor in the mythic lands of Lothlorien. And how could any of them understand? Mithrandir had bid him not speak of his love, their relationship. And he had not. Why had he listened? Would not there now be solace for him, if any knew that he had lost not just a friend, but one with whom he had shared his heart? When the ancient Maiar first visited the hidden halls of Greenwood the Great, Legolas had been but a stripling, all coltish grace and youthful enthusiasms. Before even had the wizard gone before Thranduil, he had graced the elflings with tricks of magic and light and kindly jokes and gifts of laughter. Legolas could remember peering around the bole of an ancient oak, feeling a bit left out but grown too serious with his knowledge of his position and his age, being just a few short seasons from his majority. He had had it drummed into him over his few short years what was appropriate for a Prince of Mirkwood and what was not. And though he longed to run free with laughter as the other young ones, he dared not. His was oft in a lonely state, his brothers and Father too busy to spare him much time, too old for his tutors and it being unseemly for a youth of his age to company his Mother in the nursery. Though while he was there, Mithrandir said nothing of these things to the young prince, he often came to sit with him and tell him tales of the Great World of Men and of Imladris and Lorien. That summer had been the best in his memory. And it was with great sadness that he had bade the old wizard good-bye. Subsequent visits flitted equally pleasantly through his mind, time spent with Mithrandir and easing balm against the bastions of loneliness and responsibility. The gentle teasing sparkle in compassionate blue eyes and benevolent smile bespelled Legolas, when Mithrandir was near, he felt a kindred spirit It had not taken much for the isolated elf to find himself in love. As his majority neared, his preoccupation with the wizard came under note to his Father. And though Thranduil made mention of it and had looked somewhat worried, he had pushed it off as a fancy of a young child and said no more. Legolas remembered well the choosing ceremony, for it was a custom among the Noldor, that when a youth or maid had reached an age, they could choose a companion, one to teach and guide them in the ways of the body and of tenderness and passion. And when the time came to discuss with his Father those that Legolas might choose from, Legolas had asked only after Mithrandir. Thranduil listened to Legolas's desires and bade him choose another. Thranduil warned him at his choosing a lover among Men, yet Legolas had, in the blissful ignorance of his youth, ignored him. For he had chosen not just any man of Numenor, but rather Mithrandir of the Istari, one of the Maiar. And though they did not live forever, as do the elves, they were long-lived, and Legolas had believed he would be well passed his middle years before he need fear losing his lover. Long had Legolas loved Mithrandir, the wizard whom Men called Gandalf the Grey. He was much infatuated with the crinkle of lines about mouth and eyes, showing a lifetime of laughter and joy. As an elfling, Gandalf's gentle ways and kindly sense of humor had often enthralled him, and so, when Mithrandir had appeared in their midst just a seven day before his choosing ceremony, he had begged the boon of his Father, to choose the Istari. Thranduil had not been happy with his youngest son's choice. Knowing that his Father had sought to only spare him pain, still, it had made the quarrels no less bitter. Yet, in the end, Thranduil had yielded, as Legolas had hoped he would-known he would-in his impetuous youngling heart. For though Thranduil was a firm and upright sovereign to the woodland elves, he was unable to deny his youngest aught. That first night, Legolas remembered well, he had taken Mithrandir's hand, a man not young, even then, yet much desired, by the young prince, and led the wizard away from the even' fires and towards the great trees that surrounded his chosen trysting place. A small stream bubbled over stone, and he had made a bed of soft, sweet grasses and bright colored flowers. Glowstones were set upon a flat boulder, as was a vial of scented oil. Mithrandir had stilled, sharp eyed glance roving about the small glen, before skewering Legolas with a piercing blue gaze. "I am flattered, young Prince, yet I would urge you to choose again." Legolas had been downcast, a shy color touching his fair cheeks as he searched for the words to convince the Istari that only he would suit to teach him of the ways of love between males. So deep in thought was he, that when the wizard gently touched his cheek with but two fingers he started like a deer at the hunter's scent. Shifting from foot to foot, he had glanced beneath his lashes at the tall man, his voice coming out in a quiet lilt: "I wish no other, Mithrandir. I would give my love to you... " Smiling kindly, Mithrandir had traced his lips, "what know you of love to a mere man, Prince among the Sindar?" "You are no mere man, Mithrandir. You are of the Maiar and will dwell forever upon this world, as do the Valar." "Unlike the Valar, the Maiar are as butterflies, we change and grow and pass from body to body, lifetime to lifetime. Though long-lived, we are not immortal, as are the firstborn of Iluvatar. I age in a way you cannot know. And it would but sorrow you to see my body become frail, weighted with years of passing ages, even as my mind ascends in the paths of learning." "I care not! I would give you my soul-gem and bind myself to you, if you but ask it!" "Shhh, child of the Greenwood, make no vows to me. I am not your destiny." "Then would I forfeit my destiny!" "Speak no foolishness, for you are not a stupid child" He had blushed at the harsh rebuke, but still lifted his chin stubbornly. "If you would not grant me your love, nor receive mine, will you not, at the least give to me your knowledge? For I feel you to be a kind and passionate man, and I would know kindness in this, above all things. And then Gandalf had chuckled, a smile breaking from behind his frowning visage, like the sun, reaching deep into a clearing, suddenly bringing each blade of grass into bright relief. With a soft touch to Legolas' face, he had brushed his fingers along his cheek, to lightly twine in his hair, tugging teasingly at a braid that Legolas' had adorned with a few simple love knots. "Stubborn elf." The wizard's tone belied his words, and Legolas would swear by all the Valar and the songs of the First-born that love-light did shine in the cool blue of the Istari's kindly regard. Legolas had answered Mithrandir's smile, then, with a shy, anxious one of his own, and stood upon his tiptoes, raising his face to the Man, sure that his hope and love must shine from his eyes like Earendil, brightest star of the night sky. Mithrandir had taken Legolas' face between his palms, staring deep into his eyes and slowly lowered his head until he brushed Legolas' lips with a surpassing gentleness that stole the young elflord's breath away. That first kiss had been teasing and sweet-a light touch of soft lips and wiry beard brushing his smooth face. And so the night had passed, and many a night after during the seven-day that Gandalf remained, with Mithrandir whispering to Legolas of worldly delights and elven beauty. The Istari teased Legolas's young flesh until the elf prince writhed and called his name, begging for release long before Mithrandir would take pity upon him and Legolas' world would spin away to dance among the stars of the night sky. Afterwards, the great wizard would hold him, whilst he shivered in the strong armed embrace, curling closer to the heat of the Man, head pillowed upon Gandalf's wide chest, Legolas' long blonde hair spilling about them like a curtain of silk. With soft, tender caress and loving whispers, Legolas had felt all the heady promise of young love fulfilled, e'en with no spoken vow. Each time they came together, Mithrandir steadfastly refused to speak of love or binding. Yet by his every caress and whispered endearments, he did betray how cherished and beloved Legolas was to him. A sadness touched Legolas as their time grew close, and he answered it with feverish abandon in the wizard's arms, as if to store up a lifetime of memories in so short a span of time. Mithrandir could sense the melancholy in the elven prince and answered the fierceness with a tenderness that was beyond the ken of men. Their parting at the end of the seven-day was bittersweet for Legolas. From the bleak look in his love's eyes, which had been the calm of a gray winter's day rather than the brilliant blue of passion's fire; he would take oath that Mithrandir felt the same. Surely, it was no easy thing for the Istari to leave the Greenwood, nor the pleasures of the elf prince's bed. Or so he told himself and wistfully hoped that the wizard would not stay away. For even then, he longed to reach out and beg shamelessly as a child,