Summary: In retrospect, perhaps he loved her from the moment he met her. Warning: Harry is female – hence, her name is Harriett. Neville Longbottom is The Boy Who Lived. I'm torn whether to make this a one shot or not because I feel that this story has so much potential so I'm giving it a chance. Hope I pulled it off, hehehe 1991 In retrospect, perhaps he loved her from the moment he met her. He'd been out in Diagon Alley with his old father who would not let him out of his sight, purchasing first year books at the store, when he heard the doors open with a chime and a sudden breeze chill the place. It was a cold chill appropriate for winter so he could not understand why he felt that sudden heat of awareness gloss down his spine. His father had stiffened and lowered his head, when he saw the tall figure step into the store. Draco had caught onto his father's discomfort early on, and curious, he turned to look. An old wizard was striding down the aisle, bobbing his head courteously to anyone who greeted him, although, it was the young girl whose tiny hand was clutched tightly in his that made Draco stare. Her hair was raven black and fell like a curtain around her face. But, as though sensing someone's eyes on her, she suddenly glanced up and met his gaze from several aisles away. There was that sensational prickle of heat again and he noticed, with a start, that her eyes were a beautiful bright emerald green. Almost apt, because with her hair the colour of the sky and her eyes bright like the stars, it almost seemed like she personified the night. And her eyes became brighter still when the old wizard whom she was with drew closer, coming to a halt by the bookshelf they were at. "Albus," greeted his father, in the kind of amicable voice he generally used for people he had business dealings with. "Didn't expect to see you here." The older bespectacled wizard nodded, "Good to see you, Lucius." His blue eyes landed on the small blond boy standing behind Lucius, and Draco boldly stared back, chin jutting out in an almost defiant manner even as he unconsciously took a step closer to his father. The corners of Dumbledore's lips quirked up in a hint of a smile and turning back to Lucius, he added, "I expect I'll be seeing your son at Hogwarts this Monday?" "Yes, he'll be there." Lucius glanced down at his son, saw him cowering behind his cloak and frowned, taking a firm step away. "I expect he'll have a pleasant time at Hogwarts?" There it was – a thinly veiled threat, but if the old wizard caught it, he didn't let his irritation show. "Of course, he will," Dumbledore said mildly, looking away from Lucius and down at Draco again. There was a definitive twinkle in his eye now – Draco didn't miss it. "I look forward to seeing you at Hogwarts, Draco." Draco blinked, taken aback by the man's pleasantry, however he was thrown even further off course when he accidentally met the gaze of the girl again. She looked just as amused as Albus, as if the both of them knew something he didn't, but it was the smile on her face that made his heart stutter. It was warm, bright and happy , and for a boy who'd known nothing but the cold before, she was everything he wanted to know. He glanced away, fidgeting with the collar of his shirt, as he ducked his head down and murmured something that sounded a lot like, "- uh, yeah, okay." Except the words were all jumbled together and it probably didn't make any sense at all when it came out as a kind of strangled sound, although, it made the older wizard with the long, beard laugh and his father grimace. Draco flushed and kept his gaze fixed firmly on his leather shoes. He didn't look up when they moved away, and by the time their footsteps faded and he chanced a quick glance up, they were already gone. *** When the term started and Draco stepped off Platform 9 ¾ onto the train, he searched everywhere for the girl with raven hair and green eyes. But she was nowhere to be found – not on the train, not on the boats, not even at the entrance outside the Great Hall while the first years were waiting to be escorted inside. Upon the insistent nudge of Blaise Zabini, his first friend at Hogwarts and the nagging reminder at the back of his mind in his father's distinct voice to make the right friends , he strode through the crowd in a manner that would make the Malfoy name proud, said something biting to a piss-poor ginger boy that he correctly identified as part of the Weasley clan and introduced himself (arrogantly) to the famous Neville Longbottom. All the while looking for the girl. He flubbed introduction, pegged that down to the ugly scar on the other boy's forehead that had made Longbottom so blindingly stupid and shoved past him to stride (just as arrogantly) through the Great Hall. It wasn't until much later, that Draco when beckoned up to wait for his turn to wear the Sorting Hat, finally broke and met the somber gaze of the old bespectacled wizard he'd met at the bookstore. "Where is she?" he asked the man with his curious grey eyes. The only response he had gotten from Albus Dumbledore was a fractional shake of his head, before Draco found himself pushed down onto the stool and the Sorting Hat bellowing, "SLYTHERIN!" the moment it touched the top of his head. He would lie in bed later and think about which house the raven haired girl with the beautiful green eyes would have been sorted into, had she actually been to Hogwarts that year. 1992 It was not until a year later that he found out which house she would have been in (or not been in). He'd actually almost forgotten about her – all that Quidditch and his raucous group of Slytherin friends had been good enough distractions to make a twelve year old forget about his stupid, little crush. Then he saw her again – this time in the Great Hall. She was perched atop a stool, wearing a familiar hat and looking so lonesome in such a vast room that he came to an abrupt pause. Cautiously, he stepped into the hall. All the while drawing his wand from his cloak as a preemptive measure (he wasn't a Slytherin for nothing) and gawked at her. As he drew closer, he registered two things – one, that she was in fact wearing the Sorting Hat and that two, the blouse and skirt she was wearing were definitely not from Hogwarts. "What are you doing?" he blurted at last, unable to stop his curiosity. The girl's head shot up, green eyes widening when she noticed him and gave an involuntary flinch back, which resulted in her promptly falling right off the stool. "Oh, shite." He swore under his breath and rushed over to help her. Because arrogant arse or not, Draco was first and foremost a Malfoy and Malfoys were always gentlemanly (unless it came to frizzy-haired know-it-alls or ginger-haired she-weasels, in which case all cards were off the bloody table). This girl, however, was neither and he did not mind at all holding out a hand to her. He did not expect her to take his hand right away, small slender fingers grasping around his larger pale hand in a tight grip that would send an unexpected pulse through him and he was suddenly very, very aware of her. She was laughing and apologizing profusely – to the Sorting Hat, not to him, as she swooped down to pick it up and placed it on her head again. Her laughter, he thought, had a knack of sounding real, like she was actually very happy about falling off of the stool and it made some of the tension from the Quidditch practice earlier ease off his shoulders. "- and I told you to stop moving!" scolded the Hat, as she righted it on top of her head, "Now how will I ever finish sorting you?" The girl snorted inelegantly before pressing the back of her hand to her mouth in faint embarrassment as she looked at Draco. "Hello, again." She greeted pleasantly and he faltered when he realized that she'd remembered him. Probably also remembered how he acted like a total dweeb in front of her and Dumbledore. "How have you been?" the raven haired girl inquired as her bright green eyes bore into him. Her voice reminded him of the kind of warmth he felt when he was out in the fields, playing Quidditch under the morning sun. "I, um –" Great, back to stuttering dweeb again . "- uh, I'm good and – what are you doing with that?" "Oh, the Hat?" she gently touched the wide brim of the hat, oblivious to the way it immediately scrunched up at the contact. "I was hoping that it'd sort me, but it's taking much longer than I expected." "Longer than you – are you having a Hatstall ?" "I'm not too sure if it actually counts as one because I'm not from Hogwarts," she explained so easily it almost felt like she was talking to an old friend, "And I've been asking it a lot of questions about the houses, so I don't think it's had enough time to properly consider me yet." "I'd sort you into Ravenclaw judging by the number of questions you're asking," huffed the Hat, sounding torn between exasperation and fascination. "So I'm in Ravenclaw?" she asked the Hat, then turning towards Draco. "That's the one with the bird, right?" He couldn't believe he was having a conversation with a girl and a Hat . And he couldn't believe that the words seemed to flee from his brain every time she stared at him. "Uh-" "I didn't confirm it," said the Hat stiffly, "I just said that you could be. " "Well, if I had a choice – I don't know if my choice counts for anything, of course – I think I'd like to be in Hufflepuff." Draco could not determine whether to be fascinated that the Hat simply could not decide or that she truly chose bloody Hufflepuff among all of the houses. What was wrong with Slytherin? "Huffle – what?" he asked at the same as the Hat said, " What ?" "What?" she appeared confused. "That's the one with the badger, right? Kindness and loyalty and hard work and –" "You could also be in Gryffindor for your daring or Slytherin for your ambition," the Hat pointed out while Draco wisely kept silent since it was killing him inside to admit that he actually agreed with a ragged piece of charmed fabric. "And if you – " " Miss Harriett Potter. " The voice was quiet and familiar. Draco spun around, his grey eyes widening in uncertainty when the head of his house strode down the aisle. Snape was intimidating all things considered, even though Draco had always known he was favoured by the Slytherin professor and the man gave not a sliver of emotion away as he swept a cold, cursory glance past him before holding out a hand to the girl. "Come along now," Snape spoke, in a voice that seemed reserved only for her as it was so tender that Draco could barely believe it was coming from him, "Albus has been looking all over for you." "Oh, right. I forgot!" the girl hastily scrambled off of the stool and pushed it back into place before placing the Hat onto the nearest table and giving it a soft