Percy, Annabeth, Jason and their friends are copyright R. Riordan. Yes, this is a continuation of Mark of Athena but it's also a bit of an experiment. Most of the scenes are already written and just need to be put in the right order. I wish I could hammer everything out for another month but something rather important is set to happen on October 8. This contains spoilers for Mark of Athena and books preceding. Because I have not read House of Hades yet, nothing in here can be called a spoiler, but I might have guessed correctly in a few places. One plot element is based the cover art. You do not need to read "Next of Kin" to understand this story. . . . An undulating green light filled the corridor, blazing and dying against what remained of the shell-studded walls. Greek fire. Greek fire and a lot of it. He'd been here before. Ahead of him, he saw a woman with flowing dark hair and a funny looking crown or tiara. Her feet touched the floor lightly, anchored by the weight of her pearl-embossed armor, but from the way she moved, he could tell she was underwater. Weirder, she didn't seem to stay a woman. Sometimes she appeared to have a rippling octopus body or even the elegant, knifelike tail of a massive eel. This was an immortal who was making no effort to hold on to one visible form. What had his father said that time? He reflected the state of his realm? Wherever this woman belonged, it had downed three triple-caffeinated Big Gulps, stayed up for three nights straight and then read some angry Internet threads. As his head cleared, she turned around, and he could see that her crown was actually two funny horns like lobster claws. Percy nearly jumped as he recognized her. Somehow, her eyes managed to blaze despite being black as basalt. She was Amphitrite. And she was pissed. "You said you would never bring any of them here. You said I would never have to look at them." He turned to see who she was talking to, then felt his throat tighten. Poseidon was worn to the bone. His armor hung off him like a hermit crab's shed skin, and his wrists were thin and bent where they grasped the shaft of his trident. "It was an emergency, my love. He was injured, and I needed to hear what he had to say for the war effort. I could not leave, so I brought him here." Amphitrite leaned back, hands on her hips. Weird as it was, Percy recognized that look as the same one his mom had always given Gabe Ugiliano whenever he was lying his ass off. Gabe usually lasted about thirty seconds before either trying to change the subject or coming up with a more convincing story. Poseidon beat Gabe's record by a good minute. "I wanted you to see him," he admitted. "Why?" "I had to know ...if I was imagining something." "You had to know if you were imagining something," she repeated in a pitch-perfect I-am-not-buying-this that would have made any born Manhattanite proud. There was a sound outside, and Poseidon's bony fingers tightened around his trident. He turned toward the noise, fixing the ravening sea serpent with eyes sharper than a knife. The water around the trident's tines boiled and a thick, angry humming shook the shaft. Amphitrite moved with a practiced grace, placing her hand on her husband's shoulder with a look of intense concentration, and Percy knew that she was adding her power to his own. He had a sudden flashback to Hazel following his lead as they'd fought back-to-back during the invasion of New Rome. They'd needed no words. There was a blaze of green energy interspersed with dark threads, like a tornado studded with flint shards, and soon the serpent was nothing but shreds of scale and gristle settling to the sea floor. Amphitrite stepped away, and the two resumed their argument as if nothing had happened. "When you met him, what did you see?" asked Poseidon. She shot Poseidon a look that should have speared him straight into the wall. Anyone but a god would have cowered like a scared guinea pig. Even though he'd figured out it was a dream, Percy suddenly wasn't feeling invisible enough. "Another of your bastards, my lord, and another broken promise," she answered pointedly. "Have you any further indignities before I return to the battle?" Poseidon stared at her silently for a moment and then raised his chin in what must have been a dismissal, because Amphitrite lifted her own weapon and hurried away, seeming to be a woman with a harpoon, a mermaid with a spear, a thresher shark with a lashing tail. For the moment, there was no one to see him, and Poseidon closed his eyes, looking wearier than Percy had ever seen him. Somehow, his father had lost something, and Percy didn't think it was the war. Poseidon's face was unreadable when he opened his eyes. He pulled in a breath and let out a defeated whisper, saying the name— "Percy, wake up! " And as his eyes opened and consciousness flooded back, he realized that not all of the crushing doom that had permeated his memory had come from the betrayal in Amphitrite's eyes or the fact that his dad had looked like he'd gone twelve rounds with Aqua-Rocky. Percy almost choked on the air. Every breath seemed to suck at him from the inside, pulling on his will, his identity. A moment of panic, muskeg panic, stiffened his muscles as he realized he couldn't move his arms. Annabeth was practically on top of him, Riptide braced in both hands as she sawed hard at something pale and giving. "Is that spider silk?" he asked, but it was wrong. Even in his head, it sounded wrong. "Cushioned our fall," she said quickly, but the words felt off, like a stranger's hands. Percy blinked and saw that she looked wrong. She was Annabeth and everything in his head told him that she should look familiar. He didn't have time to wonder, hearing a noise off to the side. The voice sent a chill through his already cryogenic bones. You will come too , it had said, only now it was screaming. At first he couldn't make out what was happening. At first it looked like a woman riding a round ball studded with spikes. As his eyes adjusted, he saw she was waving her arms around as something lunged at her from the shadows, something that seemed to be made of teeth. And there was more than one of them. One of the shadow-mouths clamped down on Arachne's fourth leg and there was a sound like a buffetgoer sucking the meat out of a crab leg. Arachne shrieked and beat at it with her human arms until another one, with the spiked feet of a grasshopper and a round mouth like a lamprey met her left arm with a hideous squelching sound. "I will suffocate you in webs and feed you to my children!" Arachne threw back her head cried out. "I will weave a tapestry to commemorate your demise. I will spin your shroud!" Her voice broke on a sob as something with claws hooked into one side of her face. "My children! Where are you?" "Annabeth, what are those?" he said. "I... I'll have you free in a minute," Annabeth whispered. Percy looked at her carefully. Gray eyes, blond hair, but... This was a trick. He was sure of it. He was in Tartarus and this was a trick. "Hold still or I'll cut your hands off," she said. He leaned toward her, eyes on Riptide. Whatever this thing had done with the real Annabeth, it was cutting him free. He could grab the sword and turn it to dust in five, four, three... It stopped moving. Turned its head toward his face. Imitation human eyes, empty as the pit, watched him as if wondering which part to eat first. It was as hungry as those things in the dark and Percy knew down in his guts that Annabeth was trussed up in some cave thinking that he would never find her in time. Its free hand reached toward him as if to pull his soul from his body, and Percy flinched back as fingers as cold as the Styx clamped down on his cheek. Dirt and calluses. Nails and a pulse. This was the hand he'd held a hundred times (and had smacked him a hundred more times than he'd deserved). When he looked back at her, she hadn't changed. Not a hair of the way she looked had changed, but the meaning was back. He could see fear and hope fighting each other in eyes that were definitely her eyes. He realized that she knew. She knew what he'd thought and what he'd been going to do about it. She licked her lip. "Better now?" "Yes." "I have to let go to cut you loose." He nodded. She went back to work on the web strings, and it was as if a film fell over his eyes. She seemed like a copy of herself, weak and warped and poisonous. It's only a trick , Percy told himself as she freed his leg. Annabeth breathed in through her mouth, the tip of one canine showing like a fang. He tried to shake it off, instead watching Arachne. She was still moving, but he could only tell because of the way the mass of predators around her bunched and recoiled. "Why are they attacking her?" he asked. Arachne was one of Gaea's crew. She'd hidden the Parthenos and tried to kill Annabeth. She should have gotten a hero's welcome. "She was human," Annabeth said quickly. "She still has a mortal soul and..." Annabeth breathed in as if the words were hurting her. "It's an artist's soul. She's capable of great beauty, great patience. I think they want to destroy that," Annabeth said with almost no sound, answering the question in his mind. "But then why did they— behind you ." Annabeth whirled, bringing Riptide up just in time to stop a rough-scaled creature with a single long, clawed foreleg from latching on to her neck from behind. It was a direct hit, but it only bounced off the edge of the blade, making a sound like a giant cockroach. The creature rose to its stunted hind feet and made toward them again. Percy yanked at the web behind him and felt it give partway around his left arm. He wasn't sure what he meant to do but he wasn't going to let these two chunks of evil duke it out. He shook himself. One chunk of evil and Annabeth. Annabeth turned quickly, slicing through the last of the web strands. Percy snatched Riptide out of her hands and brought it down on the beast just as it lunched toward her again. It bounced off again with no damage. Percy swallowed. Arachne's screams had given way to muffled groaning. He didn't want to know what would happen when the rest of the pack got bored. "Percy," Annabeth murmured, touching his arm so that the words were more than noise. "The doors. We have to get to the doors of death and..." And they had to be strong enough to actually make a difference once they got there. And they had no food, no help, no idea where to go and only one weapon between them, which wasn't doing much good anyway. Their eyes met in a moment of perfect understanding. They ran. . . . "You knew." The voice was smooth and heavy as a sandbar. A man turned around and smiled. "Actually I didn't," he said. The face was familiar, and the short black beard, but the statue in Cabin One hadn't shown the elegant smirk in