Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games or any of its original characters. Hello everyone! To all the wonderful people who read Water and Gold : I'm sorry this is coming so late, and I'm specially sorry that this is not what you expected ( Every Rose Has Its Thorn aka Beauty and the Beast is still in proof-reading process, but I promise that I'll publish it as soon as it's ready!). Why a President Snow fanfic out of the blue? The thing is, as strange as it might seem, I recently saw some promotional pictures from Gangster Squad, and I couldn't help but notice that Ryan Gosling has a white rose on his jacket... And I was inspired to write this little one-shot- thus the cover. (This has absolutely nothing to do with Gangster Squad, just so you know. I just happen to have an imagination that works in weird ways) Enjoy! :) " And now, on to our good President Coriolanus Snow," says Finnick. "Such a young man when he rose to power. Such a clever one to keep it. How, you must ask yourself, did he do it? One word. That's all you really need to know. Poison." -Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay The young man enters the room and immediately stops, surveying his surroundings: there's food, food everywhere- on the precarious-looking tables, on the plates carried by the Avoxes flickering across the crowd, and mostly between the fingers of men and women of every age, gone in a second through their lipstick-covered mouths. Otherwise it wouldn't be called a Capitol party. Everything's lit by an enormous chandelier that hangs from the ceiling, and the windows are open, revealing the balconies, almost as full as the room itself. It is easy for anyone to go unnoticed, to just slip into the darkness or disappear into a corner. But he's not here to go unnoticed. He's not here for the food, either. He's here to make friends. Coriolanus straightens his new tie, bought especially for the occasion, and checks if the white rose he's pinned to his jacket is secure before walking towards the nearest group of laughing people, his hand already stretched out and a charming grin plastered on his face. He knows the smile works wonders- at the tender age (by political standards, at least) of thirty-two, he's the youngest candidate to the position of President of Panem, and was voted the best-looking and the most camera-friendly among the total of four candidates. But as much of an advantage that might be over his older, fatter opponents, it's not enough: that's why Coriolanus spends his free time attending social events, blending with the voters, convincing them that he's trustworthy, one by one. Some nod and smile, looking genuinely convinced- or maybe they'll just believe in whoever makes the best promises, now that their stupid little brains have been called to duty and they actually have to take part in the election. However, others just look at him from head to toe, coldly or pitifully, and he can practically hear them say There's no way you can win this , Coriolanus Snow . Because he's young. Because he's not as absurdly rich as them, because he's just a nobody, born and raised in the outskirts of the Capitol, his backyard with a view to the ugly diamond mines of District 1, right down on the foot of the mountain. He hated those mines. They reminded him that there were people in the districts with a better life than him. Not many people know how little Coriolanus managed to climb up the social ladder so fast that he eventually landed a job as the personal assistant of the previous president, but he does- it took a lot of sucking up, carefully calculated persuasion, and some threats as well. When he got the job and decided to settle with it, everyone wondered- Why stop there? He could aspire to be so much more than a mere assistant. But Coriolanus stood his ground, even when President Lewis got sick, proving to be the most loyal assistant he could have asked for. On the days that he couldn't even rise from his chair, he sent his young shadow in his place- and that's how Coriolanus got his experience in presidential matters, while filling in the paperwork and attending meetings. Then, one morning, President Lewis was found lying on his bed, cold and still- his mysterious disease had finally taken him. "Now what?" people asked. It had been so long since the last elections that no one was absolutely sure about what to do. When that small inconvenience was fixed, Coriolanus was surprisingly nominated as one of the candidates. Reluctant at first, he ended accepting it. Of course that was all an act. He had every intention to be on the run for president, and if everything went for the best, he would soon be moving into a mansion in the City Circle and living there for the rest of his mandate- which is the same as saying he would live there until he died. But first he needed to win, and that wouldn't happen unless he gathered voters. Coriolanus's gaze drifts from the lavender-skinned old (and desperately trying to cover it) woman who has been purring in his ear for the past two minutes as if he's some filthy victor- he would give anything to have that kind of influence over the masses, though- and sets on a girl, standing in a corner with a cup in her hand and glancing around as if she's bored to death. With dark red hair- natural, from the look of it; a rarity around the Capitol- and porcelain white skin, he finds himself unable to tear his eyes off her. Especially because he's pretty sure he's seen her before. Excusing himself, he leaves his interlocutors and begins walking towards her. Angelica stares at the approaching young man with an eyebrow raised, taking her glass to her blood-red lips to hide the fact that her mouth has twisted with disdain. In an attempt to rival with Coriolanus Snow's popularity among women, her father sent her to this party in order to gather sympathizers- regardless of her own political beliefs-, and as a result she has spent her night being harassed. The fact that she hasn't made any effort whatsoever to increase his popularity and has been trying to convince people into joining her cause instead is her own little revenge. Holding her drink with one hand and a lighter with the other, Angelica manages to light up a cigarette, just as her newest suitor stops next to her. "Not interested," she says, without even sparing him a glance. Coriolanus doesn't even blink. "Excuse me, but I was wondering if you could spare me one of those," he says lightly, pointing at the small box she's about to slip into her bag. Angelica raises her gaze, ready to tell whoever it is to go the heck away, but instead she finds herself staring at a pair of icy blue eyes- eyes that anyone would recognize, and even though they're far from being warm, they certainly look more welcome than in the campaign posters. "I don't think this is good for your public image," she says calmly, but handing him the cigarette box nevertheless. Coriolanus shoots the girl an amused glance, holding the cigarette between his teeth as he fumbles with the lighter. He's still unable to place her, but there's no doubt that she is indeed beautiful, with barely concealed freckles sprinkled over her nose and green eyes that seem to be making fun of him. "Oh, just one won't hurt. Everyone's too drunk to notice anyway." Angelica rolls her eyes and exhales, sending a small column of smoke in Coriolanus's direction. "I was talking about being seen with me," she explains slowly. Coriolanus cocks an eyebrow, still not understanding, much to her annoyance. "You know… Affiliating with your enemies…?" Suddenly, realization dawns on him. "You're Terence Edeson daughter, aren't you?" Coriolanus stares at her, half-fascinated, and much more interested. Terence is leading the polls, but not for long- not if he can help it. "Took you long enough. The name's Angelica." She finishes her cigarette and carelessly tosses it away, watching as it lands in the punch bowl. "I don't have to ask who you are." Coriolanus shrugs apologetically, becoming increasingly more captivated by her bluntness as the seconds go by. "And what are you doing here on your own? Where's your father?" "Probably at a press conference." Angelica looks at him through the corner of her eye, wondering if she should tell him the real reason why she's here. Screw it , she thinks. He probably already knows and isn't letting it out, like all politicians. "He's counting on me to gather voters." "And how's that turning out for you?" He smiles as she snorts loudly- seemingly offending a woman passing by, who widens her eyes, scandalized. "Do I look like I'm about to shove a 'Vote Terence Edeson' flyer under your nose?" Angelica shakes her head. "No, I figured that since I was forced to come here, I might as well be doing something more productive." "What do you mean?" he laughs. Angelica shifts uncomfortably, aware that this is her chance- as much as she hates it, she needs to associate with big names. "I'm trying to get people to sign my 'Feed the Districts' petition." Before he can help it, Coriolanus bursts out laughing, and only stops when he realizes Angelica hasn't joined him. "Oh… You're serious." He clears his throat, trying to look ashamed. "Of course I am," she says coldly, but not ready to give up yet. "What's so funny about it?" "Well… Feed the Districts ? Really?" Coriolanus has to make an effort to keep his voice steady; if they weren't so useful, and if he had the power, he would starve those rats- with no exceptions. "The Capitol already does that, my dear. Every year we send food to the victor's distri-" "That's not enough!" He widens his eyes, startled by the sudden passion in her eyes and her voice. "When was the last time that… that District 12 had a victor? There are children dying right now- I know, I've been there-, and no one is doing anything!" He looks around nervously and motions for her to shut up. "Those are very dangerous ideas," Coriolanus whispers, now unable to keep a hard edge from his voice. "Noble, yes, but some people might… misinterpret them. Does your father approve of this?" Angelica glares at him. "My father can go to hell," she spits, once again surprising Coriolanus, who is getting even more attracted to her, despite the fact that the girl is obviously delusional. "This is just charity work! I was just hoping that now that we are about to have a new president, we could improve things around here." She dives her hand in her bag, once again looking for the cigarette box. This conversation has gotten on her nerves. "Seems I was wrong." She turns around, intending to walk away, but Coriolanus grabs her wrist; it has just crossed his mind that she might be a useful ally. Well, that and the fact he still doesn't seem to be able to tear his eyes off her. "Wait," he says softly, flashing his best smile. "I'm sorry I laughed at you. I'll sign your petition." Angelica gapes at him, not believing her luck. "You will?" In the blink of an eye, she takes a piece of paper and a pen out of nowhere and places them in the nearest table. Coriolanus leans forward, and sees that there are only three or four signatures on the sheet, before testing the pen and signing with his neat handwriting, Coriolanus Snow . "There you go." His cheeks are already hurting from keeping the smile on his face for so long, but