Hello everyone! This is a little one-shot that has been sitting on my folder for the last two years (give it or take it a few months). Those who are familiar with my other stories will find references to some of my OCs, but if you've clicked on one of my fics for the first time, don't worry (and welcome!): they have little to no connection to each other. That being said, I hope you enjoy this! Like I said, this story is a bit old, so I apologize in advance for any out-of-character-ness you might find. Please review! :) And thank you for reading! She owned a magic mirror, of which she would daily ask, " Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the fairest of them all?" Each time this question was asked, the mirror would give the same answer, "Thou, my Queen, are the fairest of all." "One. Two. Three!" "Stop! Stop!" I tear my gaze away from the screen, rolling my eyes, as both the tributes from District Twelve are announced victors after pathetically attempting suicide. I was looking forward to watch the star-crossed lovers slaughter each other, as it should be. Their sappy love story doesn't convince me at all. Just like it didn't convince my grandfather. I turn off the giant television I keep in my room and focus back on my reflection, three times multiplied on my vanity table mirrors- I have a party to attend, after all. I put on some blood-red lipstick that stands out against my porcelain-white skin and a curly green wig over my long black hair before opening my closet. I sigh; I have nothing new to wear because I spent all my allowance betting on the wrong tributes. This was my friend Alida's first year as an escort, and somehow she talked me into sponsoring her tributes. It didn't go too well, since the boy died on the first day and the girl ended up killed by a bunch of insects. Losers. Then I tried sponsoring the boy from District One- hey, he was cute…- but he was just as disappointing as the other two. An arrow to the neck because he killed the twelve-year-old? Really? When I had almost no money left I wanted to sponsor that red-haired girl because she was smart, and smart tributes are my favorites. I'm glad I didn't, because she turned out to be not as clever as I expected her to be. I mean, it was clearly nightlock, for crying out loud! What do they teach these kids? Okay, back to what's important. My closet. Ugh, why doesn't Dad give me a bigger allowance? He's absurdly rich, thanks to his father. It's not like he can't give me some extra cash for some new ultra-stylish rags. I end up choosing a dress I don't recall buying, but since it still has its tags I presume I've never worn it. I twirl around the room, admiring how I look in the full-body mirror across the vanity table, and thinking of how when I get to the party all my friends will be talking about what they saw on television these past weeks. And I will join them, because who doesn't love the Games? We had no way to know. We were young, rich, and we lived in the Capitol, the safest place in Panem. My name is Alva Snow and this is my story. This gave the Queen a great shock, and she became yellow and green with envy, and from that hour her heart turned against Snow White, and she hated her. I press my face against my bedroom window, eyeing the crowd on the City Circle below, as they wait for my grandfather to be executed. They're all claiming for his blood, impatiently talking to one another, until the heart of the president they hate so much stops beating. And I may very well be next. I let the cold glass clear my thoughts, as I lean my forehead against it; this has been my only link to the outside world for the past few weeks, ever since the Capitol surrendered to the rebels. It's for your safety, said a man in a District 13 uniform, as he locked me and Mom in our own house. They took Dad away, just because he's the president's son. I don't think I'll ever see him again, and yet that fact hasn't fully dawned on me. I'm too busy being scared. Suddenly, the noise coming from the crowd increases, and I focus back on my grandfather- he's neatly dressed, with the usual white rose pinned to his jacket. I can't help but feel a bit sad. We were never close, even though we are related, and I always knew there was something off about him- his deep knowledge about poison, that he insisted on passing on to me, was anything but innocent. And I still don't know exactly what happened to my uncle Cassius, who was one of the many family secrets and one day just disappeared- but seeing him looking just like he would for a family dinner as he awaits death is actually harder than I expected. On the front balcony of the president's mansion, stands the new ruler of Panem, Alma Coin, who is staring eagerly at her mortal enemy. I tap my nails on the glass and frown; if there's someone I really hate in this world, that would be Alma Coin- her people have been hiding underground for seventy-five years, and they only dared to crawl out of their hole and start a rebellion because they got a little puppet to control the masses. And I know that bitch will stop at nothing just to see the entire Snow family dead. Katniss Everdeen, the Mockingjay, is raising her bow; she's changed a lot since I last saw her, as she was being lifted from the Quarter Quell arena. She looks like she could rip my throat, even though I must be two times her size. I hold my breath for a moment, waiting to see what she's truly made of, and a second later Coin's lifeless body falls from the balcony. I can't help but laugh, and I can see my grandfather doing the same, as the crowd steps over him and Katniss is dragged away from the stage. Well done, Mockingjay , I think, as I walk away from my window. You're actually braver than I thought. At last she sent for a huntsman, and said, "Take the child out into the woods, so that I may set eyes on her no more." I can hear them crashing through the hall, banging on every door as Mom screams downstairs, as if that would stop them from taking me away. I've been expecting this moment since the rebels took the power, so I just cross my ankles under the chair I'm sitting on, while I straighten the dress I chose for today- white, with black flowery patterns decorating the chest line and the hem. This is the simplest dress I own. I'm not wearing any make-up, not even a wig, so I'm entirely in black and white, except for my reddish lips and blue eyes. "It's open," I say calmly, when I sense someone behind my door. He barges in, wearing his immaculate uniform, and runs his eyes through my bright-colored room before finally noticing me, a monochromatic spot in all that blue, green and pink. I put down the book I had been pretending to read and tangle my fingers on my lap, hoping that the soldier in front of me can't see how much they are shaking, and raise my eyes, observing him: he's very handsome, with hair as black as mine, olive skin and stormy grey eyes that reveal how distraught he is from the recent tragedy. I've seen him on the screen enough times to know perfectly well who he is. "Good morning, Mr. Hawthorne," I say politely. He frowns, looking troubled, as if I'm not worthy of addressing him. "Miss Snow, I'm afraid I bring bad news." I dig my nails in my palms. "Is this about my execution?" "Not exactly." "What is it, then?" I ask, surprised. "Are you here because of my father? Please don't hide anything from me." "No, this isn't about your father," he says tonelessly. "Miss Snow, I'm here to inform you that you've been selected as a tribute for the 76th Hunger Games. I must take you with me." "What? When?" I ask steadily, setting my jaw and dropping the damsel in distress act. I want him to see that Capitol girls can be brave too. But I still hope he's joking about the Games. Ha! These soldiers wouldn't recognize a joke even if it wore a target for them to shoot their guns at. "As soon as I receive the order to escort you to the Training Center," he replies. I shut my eyes, trying to hide that this is what I least wanted to hear. "I thought your new president would be against that." "She is," he says, a bit too harshly for my taste. "But president Coin told Plutarch Heavensbee about her idea before she died, and now he managed to go through with it." I beam at him; that Plutarch surely has a way to always come on top, along with his precious Games, no matter who is holding the power. "And how does your… cousin, " I emphasize the word so that he knows I never fell for that story, "Feel about these Games? She shot president Coin, after all- I'd say she didn't approve of her ideas." I can tell I just hit a painful matter, because Gale Hawthorne's eyes darken for a second. "She doesn't know," he says. "She's… in confinement." "Oh, right," I chuckle. "That whole shooting-the-president thing must have been quite a shock." I innocently widen my eyes at him, sensing his growing unease. "And may I ask who will the other tributes be?" "There will be eight of you," he explains, obviously making an effort to remain polite. "Representing each of the remaining victors. All related to the ones who held the power before the rebellion- the children of your grandfather's accomplices, in other words." I raise my eyebrow. I will only have seven opponents? They must be in desperate need of children, for them to decrease the number of tributes like that. "Will Alida be one of them?" Now that I know I'll die for sure, I'm worried about her- Alida was not only an escort, but also the niece of a particularly influential politician. "Who?" I roll my eyes. "Alida Cox," I explain. "She was an escort for District Four. She wasn't arrested after the Quarter Quell thanks to me, but I don't know what happened to her since District 13 took hold of the Capitol." Gale Hawthorne seems to think for a second. "I know who she is," he says, a little unpleasantly. "She's lucky she's got friends on both sides. If it wasn't for Annie Cresta, she'd be dead." "So she's alive? Good!" I exclaim, pleased. He just shoots me a harsh look, as the communicator on his wrist goes off. "You have to come with me now, Miss Snow," he says in a professional tone, yet managing to sound as if he is addressing something he's just found stuck to his boot. Which means I'm winning. "Can't you just shoot me now and pretend I tried to run away?" I ask casually. "That would spare me a lot of work." "No, I can't." "What if I really tried to run away? Would you let me go?" "No. And I wouldn't shoot you either. They need you alive." "Loyal to the bone," I sigh. "Unfortunately, we're not always loyal to the right people, are we, Mr. Hawthorne?" "I don't think you know anything about loyalty," he says coldly. "Oh, but I do. I'm