Hello everyone! I'm sorry it has been so long since publishing anything, but I've been kind of busy with college, and I didn't get the chance to upload my stories over summer break. Anyway, cutting right to the point! This story takes place before Water and Gold, and it's told from Marvel's perspective- which means Serena won't be making an appearance (I'll leave that to the sequel, which will be published soon). Still, I hope you like it- and please let me know what you think! I know who it is without even having to open my eyes- there's only one person in this house capable of being this noisy at this time in the morning. "Rise and shine, Marv!" Crystal shouts, jumping on my bed. "It's r-r-r-reaping daaaaaay!" I pretend to remain asleep, and when she least expects it, I throw my pillow against her face as hard as I can, causing her to lose her balance and fall butt-first on the floor with a loud thump. "Morning, Crys," I say, grinning at my sister. "You're going to pay for that!" she yells, jumping to her feet and throwing herself against me. We end up rolling on the floor, Crystal screaming at me to get my fat ass off her , and kicking me whenever she gets the chance. She's putting up quite a fight, for a thirteen-year-old girl; it has nothing on hand-to-hand combat practice back at the Training Club, though. "Fight! Fight! Fight!" a child's voice, belonging to my brother Jem, who's standing in the doorway, chants. The kid's a bit violence-obsessed. We don't get to fight for long, because my mother arrives right on cue, alerted by her Mom-radar. "Marvel!" she scolds. "Get off your sister!" "She started it!" I accuse, bothered by Crystal's triumphant smile. "You're sixteen, for God's sake! You're too old for this kind of thing!" My mother holds out a neat pile of clothes- my reaping clothes. "Now get dressed before I ground you." "Okay Mom," I say sheepishly. My mother leaves the room, closely followed by Jem, who has spent the last two weeks trying to convince her to let him take spear-throwing lessons. My father has agreed, of course. But my mother is still reluctant to let her 'baby' -who's seven, by the way. Quite a big baby, if you ask me- engage in such a dangerous activity. Crystal remains exactly where I left her, smiling knowingly at me. "You fight like a little girl," she mocks. "You're one to talk," I reply casually, as I survey the clothes my mother has left for me: a white shirt, black pants and a dark blue tie. "I am a little girl," Crystal points out. "It's just that some little girls can fight, while others- such as yourself- can't." Her grin widens. "World's not fair, is it?" I bend down and pinch her muscled arm; Crystal's always been tall, but she's been through a growth spurt in the past months, making her nearly as tall as me- a great accomplishment, if we take into account that I'm 6'3. That, adding to her being true Career material, definitely makes her everything but 'little'. "Are you sure?" I ask, still referring to the 'little girl' part. "You should get your eyes checked, then. What have you been eating ?" Crystal doesn't even blink when she replies, "I don't know. Ask your girlfriend. She 's the one who took me to that fancy restaurant and ordered… I can't even pronounce it." This shuts me up. "Go away, Crys," I order. "No." Crystal crosses her arms stubbornly. "Fine, then." I take off the t-shirt I slept in. "If you don't mind that I get dressed while you're here…" I motion to pull off my boxers, but before I even manage to grab the waistband, Crystal bolts out of my room, slamming the door behind her and shrieking something about not wanting to get mentally scarred. I focus back on my clothes; while District 1 is known for encouraging children to get all prepped up for the reaping, I really don't feel like going out looking like I'm attending a wedding; also, Flint would kill me. So I choose to put on a pair of sneakers- the cameras won't focus on my feet, and the shoes I wore last year are too small anyway-, let my tie lose and roll my sleeves up. Besides, girls love it when I dress like this- not that I feel the need to impress anyone. I'm perfectly happy with my current situation. When I get down for breakfast, my mother is freaking out over the fact that Crystal's dress is too short for her. "Alright, I quit," she exclaims, when she catches sight of my sneakers. "You can go however you feel like to." "Thanks, Mom." I kiss her playfully on the cheek, getting an amused smile in return, and sit for breakfast. My father is having coffee, trying to look relaxed, but I know something's bothering him, judging from the crease between his eyebrows. He's usually quite jovial, always making lame jokes- which luckily don't scare off the customers of the family jewelry store- and laughing loudly, but going through reaping day is always tough for him. Not because he's afraid one of us gets picked, but because when he was young he trained for more than ten years, planning on volunteering the year he turned eighteen- which was also the year of the 2nd Quarter Quell. He thought he had a better chance to succeed, since there were two male tributes, but he wasn't fast enough and ended up being outrun; I guess this really struck him hard, because not even the fact that he met my mother when she was grieving her own sister- who managed to volunteer, and came out second- made him forget his failure. He's not even capable of hiding how much he'd love to have a victor in the family. I'm halfway through my toast when the doorbell rings. "I'll get it!" Jem runs out of the kitchen, and from the cry of joy I hear a second later, I'd say Flint has just arrived. My best friend walks into the kitchen, with Jem clinging to his back; I stare amusingly at his shaggy black hair, jeans and lack of tie- as long as I remain friends with Flint, I will never have to be worried about being underdressed. "Good morning, Mrs. Gould," he greets cheerfully, after putting Jem down and bumping fists with Crystal. "Mr. Gould," he says more respectfully, shaking my father's hand; Flint is fully aware that my father doesn't approve of the way his parents have raised him- they have told him to train just in case , but they simply don't give a damn about the honor brought by winning the Games, and simply want Flint to do whatever he wants with his life. So, in order to avoid being labeled a bad influence, he tries to restrain himself from making his usual witty comments when my whole family is present. He usually can't. "Good morning, Flint," my mother replies. "Do you want to join us for breakfast?" "No, thank you. I already ate." Flint straightens up and starts speaking in a professional tone, making my mother smile- she's much more open-minded than my father. "I'm here to escort your son to the square, along this lovely young lady, who surely cannot be Crystal due to the fact that she's wearing a dress." "Please don't remind me of that," Crystal snorts. Flint falls on his knees and stares dramatically at her. "Please, Stranger-who-looks-like-Crystal, do not be offended! My only intention was to point out how beautiful you l-" "Dude," I cut off. "She's thirteen. And my parents are here." "Oh, Flint's only joking," my mother says casually, but with a look of warning- not because she thinks he has gone too far, I suppose, but because the wrinkle between my father's eyebrows has grown deeper. "Isn't he?" "Sure, Mrs. G," Flint says, causing me to smack the back of his head. "How are your parents doing?" asks my mother, who has managed not only to change subjects but also to magically summon another plate of pancakes, which she is now handing to Flint- who, of course, can't say no. "Will they be attending the reaping this year or will they watch it at home?" "They're doing great," he replies, calmly eating a bit of pancake. I stare nervously at the clock- I can't be late. Not today. "They were still asleep when I left." He casts a careful glance towards my father and adds, "But I'm sure they will be there." "Oh well, if they decide to stay at home, tell your mother I said hi." My mother turns to me and sighs when she catches me still staring at the clock. "What is it, Marvel? Is there something you'd want to tell us?" "Ididawantoinderrup," I say with my mouth half-full. "Dumbass," Crystal whispers, as my mother gives me a dangerous glare. "I didn't want to interrupt," I answer, after swallowing my pancake. "But it's getting late. We should be going." "We still have an hour," Crystal protests. "Well, I'm going anyway," I insist, getting up. "Are you coming or not?" "Do we have a choice?" Flint asks with his back turned to me, as he puts his plate in the dishwasher. "You do, but she doesn't. Come on, Crys." My mother stops me before I manage to get to the kitchen door. "Good luck," she mutters, patting my hair and fixing my tie before hugging me. "You too," she adds, kissing Crystal on the cheek and waving at Flint. "See you at the reaping, Mom!" I shout, already by the front door. Then, we finally get to the streets; even though the reaping will only start in an hour, there is already a small crowd heading towards the square- those are the volunteers, the ones who don't want to miss the best spots; I recognize some of them from the Training Club, since I'm already in the 16-18 year-old class, and that's when they usually volunteer. I've actually thought about volunteering- when I'm older, of course: the honor, the fame… I bet the Capitol would love me. But if I ever voiced that out loud, my mother would yell at me for an hour straight. "Hey, Marvy-Boy," Flint calls from behind me, as I stride along the streets. "Are you lost? The square is that way." I turn around for a second, before speeding up again. "I know, but I need to go somewhere first." I can practically hear Crystal digging her heels on the ground. " No !" she whines. "I'm not going!" "Yes you are," I say, dragging her by the wrist. "Mom said you had to come with me." "With you, not her ! Flint, help me!" she pleads. "Sorry, I'm going to have to keep my mouth shut in this," he says. "Although I must confess I feel deceived…" I shoot him a dirty look, just as we get to a two-storied white house. "You make another smart-ass comment like that and I'll bury my fist in your mouth. This goes for both of you." Ignoring Flint's frown and Crystal's red face, I ring the bell. A second later, a girl with white-blonde hair and blue eyes bursts through the door and slams me against the nearest wall. "Good morning, handsome," Ruby purrs, before we engage in the morning make-out session, ignoring Crystals's screams of Oh, COME. ON! Ruby and I have been going out for about four months, but it only became official three weeks ago. We met at school, and everyone instantly said we should become a couple- District 1's golden couple; so, after she fell madly in love with me and chased me for two months- okay, maybe I made some of the chasing- we finally began a relationship. However, some