Hey, hey! I finally got the chance to post this story (it was about time!) :D It's been hanging around in my folder for months, but it still needed to be proof-read. Sorry for the delay! Anyway: this story will be split into three parts- I'll post the other two ASAP- and it will mention some of the characters from Water and Gold, since all my stories take place in the same, say... 'universe'. Enjoy! "Yes, yes," said the Beast, "my heart is good, but still I am a monster." "Among mankind," says Beauty, "there are many that deserve that name more than you, and I prefer you, just as you are, to those, who, under a human form, hide a treacherous, corrupt, and ungrateful heart." - Jeanne-Marie LePrince de Beaumont , Beauty and the Beast I stand on my tiptoes as far as my high heels allow me, peeking over the thousands of heads that fill the square behind me; this year I managed to get a place on the front row, along with about twenty other 18-year-old girls, right in front of the stage. The usual glass balls have already been placed, and the mayor is giving his speech, but I'm not paying attention- I'm running my eyes through the 14-year-old boys' lineup, looking for someone in specific. I find him right away: the tips of his golden curls, so similar to mine, tower over most of the kids surrounding him, as he cheerfully chats with one of his friends- and I think I know just what he's talking about. He finally notices I'm staring at him, and amusingly sticks out his tongue. I silently scold him with my gaze. Don't you even think about it , my eyes say. Gloss just smirks and mimics a chicken, and I have to restrain myself from walking up to him and smacking him in the head, in order to shake some sense into it. He says that he's going to volunteer today, as if a fourteen-year-old has got a chance! Of course, what happened last year was an exception. Anyway, I know Gloss only says that to annoy me, because he thinks I will chicken out the moment Marcus Whitman, our escort, asks if there are any volunteers. You're too much of a nerd, Cammie, he teased when I told him I wanted to volunteer this year- right before I kicked him off the couch. After that, he decided the safest way to bother me was to say he wanted to do the same. My eyes drift away from my brother, and I realize that at least a dozen boys on the front rows are staring eagerly at me, while a couple of girls on my left eye me with envy. Just to annoy them, I flip my blonde hair over my shoulder and turn my attention back to Marcus, trying not to frown; I just wish people would stop staring. "Ladies first!" Marcus announces as always, as he dives his hand into one of the balls and seizes a slip of paper. "Emerald Sparks!" A dark-haired girl in an emerald green dress- how original- steps to the stage and joins Marcus, staring boringly at the audience with her dull brown eyes; I'd say she's not very thrilled with being reaped. "Now," says Marcus, smiling at the left side of the square, where the girls are standing. "Would any of the young ladies here like to volunteer?" This is the moment to show I'm brave. Just like in the books. "I do!" I practically shriek, and I have to control myself not to jump up and down. "I volunteer!" I run to the stage, trying not to stumble on my stilettos, and stop next to a very surprised Emerald; she eyes me up and down, and somewhere in the crowd someone whistles. Suddenly, I wish I had picked a longer dress- and less tight, too, as Marcus gapes at me, seemingly forgetting what he's supposed to do. Emerald is the first to recompose herself, turning to Marcus and clearing her throat. "Great, may I go now?" "O-Of course," Marcus stammers. "Are there any more volunteers?" Silence- I can see all the eyes in the square set on me, and I know that Gloss is probably either grumbling to himself that he lost his chance to be one of the youngest victors in history, or too stunned to do anything. "Well then." Marcus picks up a microphone and shoves it right under my nose. "What's your name, dear?" I gaze into his purple eyes with my blue ones, and give him my most dashing smile. "Cashmere," I say cheerfully. "Cashmere Mabel." I'm so caught up on my reading that I don't notice them right away- I'm sitting against a tree, seizing a wonderful sunny day and the cool shadow the trees on our new garden offer me. I have to admit that moving to Victor Village was an improvement: at least here there are less people, and no one gives me strange looks for taking my books outside and lying on the grass with no shoes on. Suddenly, however, I'm distracted by the sound of male voices talking- I look from behind the trunk, so I can see them without being seen, just as they reach the front door. There are two men- one is a Peacekeeper, while the other, in a shiny red suit, is undoubtedly from the Capitol; they get out of sight, and I presume someone has just let them in. "Cashmere!" my mother hisses from the kitchen window. "Someone's here to see you!" "Coming!" I hiss back, as I get up, still holding my book, and quietly walk to the back door; my bare feet almost don't make any noise against the grass. "Who is it?" I whisper, as soon as I step into the kitchen. "What do they want?" "I don't know." My mother looks concerned, as she gently removes grass leaves from my hair and my dress. "Your father is talking to them, but they say they will only discuss whatever brought them here with you." "I better not keep them waiting, then." I take a step toward the door that leads to the hall, but my mother stops me. "Glasses!" she scolds. I smile at her and take off my gold-rimmed round glasses, tucking them in my back pocket; my mother is always warning me about them, and how they "hide my pretty face". She used to work as a model- something rare, even for someone from District 1- and is now retired and works as a jewelry designer, but she's still very picky about my appearance. And, even though she will never admit it, she's much more beautiful than I am. "Good afternoon," I say politely as I step into the living room, making myself noticed. My father gets up from the couch and leaves without a word, his eyes filled with annoyance. The man in the red suit bows slightly. "Good afternoon, Miss Mabel." I smile at him. "May I ask who you are?" "My name is Magnus Highmore," he says proudly, as if I should recognize that name. "I work for President Snow." "And what brings you here?" I'm not able to hide the curiosity in my voice. "The Victory Tour is still five months away." Magnus smiles condescendingly. "This is not about the Victory Tour. President Snow has requested your presence." I blink. "When?" "Immediately." "But… I can't just leave to the Capitol now," I stammer. "I mean… I haven't packed my stuff!" "We will make sure you are provided with anything you need." Magnus's tone is sympathetic, but allows no contestation. "Now, if you would please follow us…" "How long will I be there?" I ask, realizing he still hasn't spoken about that. "We don't know." "Then I'll say goodbye to my family first," I say steadily, as I head to the door. "If you'll excuse me…" Magnus just sighs and doesn't say anything- I'm already used to the attention the Capitol people have been giving me, especially after I won the 66th Hunger Games. I run upstairs and pack a bag with some personal objects- toothbrush, a picture of my family, a couple of novels, a comb- and rush back downstairs. I kiss my mother on the cheek and after hugging my father and messing Gloss's hair, I follow Magnus and the Peacekeeper to the train station. He's repulsive. That's practically all I can think of as President Coriolanus Snow sits behind his desk, with his static eyes scrutinizing every inch of me. I make an effort to smile pleasantly. President Snow twists his puffy lips in a smile and tangles his fingers under his chin. "You were right, Magnus, she will do perfectly," he says, without tearing his gaze away from me. I turn around on my chair, just as Magnus takes a bow and quietly leaves the office. I turn back to the president. "Will do for what?" I ask with curiosity. President Snow doesn't answer right away, as he runs his fingers over a jar of roses he has on the desk. "Are you a virgin, my dear?" he asks lightly, exactly as he would if he was talking about the weather. I almost choke. "Ex-Excuse me?" "I asked if you are a virgin," he says, still focused on his roses. "I… I… What?" I stammer, feeling my cheeks burn. President Snow sets those horrible eyes on mine, making me feel like I'm shrinking. "I'm an awfully busy person, Miss Mabel, and you are making me waste my time. It's a simple question, and I'd be grateful to get a straight answer. So- yes or no?" "No," I spit. "No, I'm not." He gives me a venomous smile. "Excellent." President Snow didn't say that like it is a good thing- he said that like I'm livestock- to make me feel insignificant and dirty. "Why did you ask that? What will happen to me?" I whisper. "Oh, nothing you should worry about." President Snow waves his hand dismissingly. "You see, Miss Mabel, right now you're the most beautiful woman in Panem." He licks his lips and I have to try hard not to throw up. "And a lot of gentlemen are more than willing to pay good money to enjoy the pleasure of your… company . And I would like you to let them spend some time with you." I cover my mouth. Prostitution . He's talking about prostitution. I'm not stupid. "What if I refuse?" I ask shakily, with what little resolution I have left. "Are you familiar with Mr. Abernathy's story?" he inquires. I shake my head; I know perfectly well who Haymitch Abernathy is- the drunkard victor from District 12, crowned sixteen years ago-, but I never paid much attention to him. "I thought so. Such a tragedy… you know, a few weeks after he did that little stunt with our force field, his family suffered an unfortunate accident. Poor boy… right when he was so happy he had won the Games." President Snow smiles, showing his pointy, stained teeth. "It would be a shame if the same happened to you, don't you think?" I clench my fists. I can't let anything happen to my mother, my father, or- I swallow- Gloss. I just can't. "When do I start?" I mutter, unable to look him in the eye. I hear the creaking sound of a chair, so I suppose President Snow has just leaned back. "As soon as you leave this office," he explains. "You were assigned to someone very special, due to your outstanding beauty. You should feel honored." "Who?" I ask, fighting back a tear. I have to show him that I'm stronger than he thinks. "My son." My head darts up. " Your son ?" I can't help but sound absolutely disgusted: President Snow's son is a man in his thirties, happily married to a beautiful woman- their wedding was