Disclaimer: All characters belong to Stephanie Myers. I'm just borrowing them c; "Can someone go check on the boys?" Alice questioned Rosalie and I as soon as we were done getting ready. "Jasper can't see me yet," she said motioning to the big white dress. Alice looked more stunning than usual standing in her wedding dress, her vail falling over her face. She looked like perfection, someone any man would be lucky to call his wife. "I'll go check on them," I said offering myself. Rosalie had to stay and help Alice with last minute details, because that's something I would never be good at. A curl here, a knot here, normally my hair it thrown up. Today was the ultimate exception, on my best friends wedding I had to do my hair, put on a dress, get on high heels, put on make-up, and make a real effort. "Thank you. There should be four, Carlisle, Emmett, Edward, and obviously Jasper," she said blushing slightly when she said his name. I shook my head understanding before walking out of the door. Esme, and Mrs. Hale had done an amazing job getting the house to look like a palace. It's somewhere I imagined a princess would live. "Where are the boys? I've been sent to check on them," I said to Esme. She was all smiles and giggles today, with her youngest daughter getting married. She'd been waiting to throw this wedding for twenty-eight years, my understanding is that's how old the oldest brother is, although I've never met him. "Master bedroom," She said finishing up some last minute details to the house. I walked down the stairs carefully, never taking my eyes off the floor. I couldn't ruin Alice's wedding day by taking a spill down the stairs. The last thing anyone needed was a pissed off Alice. She's scary when she's mad, plain and simple. "Knock, knock," I said covering my eyes as I walked in. "Are you decent?" I questioned taking a peak seeing for once, all the men were ready on time. "Wow, I'm surprised," I said with a smile. Emmett looked up and down at me before suppressing a laugh. "That makes two of us. You actually look like a girl," He said sounding utterly shocked. Emmett, is one of Alice's brothers. He use to go to college with us, and now he's interning at some business corporation. Good to know it hasn't changed him in the slightest. He's still the same goofy guy. "I can look like a girl occasionally Emmett." I said glancing around. "Wait there should be four. Your oldest brother, Edward," I said glancing wide eyed at Carlisle, the last thing I needed was Alice storming down here because Edward wasn't here. "He went to take care of a business thing, he's ready though," Emmett said shrugging his shoulders. "He's escorting you down the isle, so he needed to know the color of the dress. Jasper said it was purple, but that's more like a Mauve, purple." Emmett caused Jasper to look back an arch an eyebrow. I didn't even know what shade of purple this was. "Are we positive you're not gay?" He questioned with a chuckle in his voice. "Just ask Rosalie how not gay I am," He said with a smile. "Ew, that's my sister," Jasper said getting to his feet. "I'm suppose to be at the alter," he said casually. "Go get Edward, tell him to turn off that damn phone," He snapped slightly before walking out. "Well he's slightly nervous," I muttered walking out of the room behind him. "I don't even know what this guy looks like," I muttered seeing everyone was already seated not paying attention to who was in front of me smacking into someone's chest. "No I told you I'm home for the weekend," he hissed into the phone steadying me so I wouldn't fall. "Well that's an expensive mistake. Alec, I put you in charge for a week. Fix it, if I have to cut this family trip short I'm going to get my ass chewed I haven't been home in six years," he hissed before hanging up. "You're Edward?" I questioned slightly breathlessly. Alice had always told me how her friends use to fall at Edward's feet, and now I can see why. He's gorgeous. "I-I'm Bella," I stuttered under his stare. "Emmett say's this is Mauve, you need to change your tie." I flushed a shade of pink for some unknown reason. "Okay, I'll change the tie. Tell Alice to calm down, we're all ready, and I'll be there to escort you down," he said with a smile. I shook my head turning on my heel to fast losing my balance. "Actually, I think I'll escort you up the stairs, you look slightly frazzled," he said a smile tugging at his lips. "Let me guess, you're the clumsy one?" He questioned when I linked my arm through his. "Clumsiest person in Forks wearing heels," I said with a smile of my own. "You've got your word cut out for you, not letting me fall and all." He gave a small chuckle. "You weigh like five pounds, I'm sure you'll be safe with me," he said simply opening the door walking in after me. "Bella I don't have anything old," Alice basically screamed. "I've got something borrowed, something blue, I need something old. This is a disaster," she whined her grey eyes wider than I'd ever seen them. "The oldest thing in this house is probably my grandfather," She hissed now pacing the floor. "Hang on," I said looking in the mirror carefully removing the diamond comb from my hair. "It was my great grandmothers, I want this back," I said simply placing it carefully in her hair while Rosalie came over to fix mine. "Something borrowed, and old," I said placing my hand on her shoulders. "Rosalie you're up," I said simply not taking my eyes off of Alice. "Now you're fine, you're going to marry the man of your dreams, and you're going to last a life time. Why does Alice Cullen, or all people need a pep talk right now?" I questioned rhetorically. "We're up," Edward said making Alice's eyes go wide. "You're not suppose to be up here!" She hissed glaring at him. "My fault, I almost tripped down the stairs. Better safe than sorry right?" I said quickly as Carlisle came into the room. "Now I'm going to go, you look breathtakingly beautiful," I said putting my hands in Edwards desperately trying to ignore the spark I felt when we touched. "I don't know much about you," Edward whispered softly wrapping his arm around my waist as soon as we got to the stairs supporting my weight as we walked down the stairs. "From what I understand you're quite the klutz," he said simply explaining himself. "An angry Alice is the last thing anyone needs. One of her temper tantrums could very well destroy us all today," he whispered making me smile. "It's hardly fair, Alice told me nothing about you," I whispered back as we neared the alter. "I'm extremely coordinated," he whispered back giving me a wink before we turned our opposite ways. I gave a small blush taking my spot next to Rosalie as the music started playing, and everyone got to their feet. The bride was walking down the stairs, her eyes only on Jasper. These two were the couple no one would ever have to worry about, Jasper loved her unconditionally, and Alice loved Jasper. They've been together since high school, Carlisle reluctantly turned to Alice, kissing her on the cheek, placing her hand in Jaspers hand. I've never seen Carlisle shed a tear, but in that moment, I saw her perfectly blue eyes water up as he took his place next to his wife. Jasper smiled leading her to the Alter. They didn't even seem to be listening to what the minister was saying, they were only focused on each other. "Do you Jasper Hale, take Alice Cullen to be your wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better or for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to cherish; and do promise to be faithful until death do you part?" The minister questioned as Edward stepped forward handing him the wedding ring. "I do," He chocked out tears forming in his eyes, as he placed the wedding ring on her ring finger "And do you Alice Cullen, take Jasper Hale to be your husband, to have and hold, from this day forward, for better or for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to cherish; and do you promise to be faithful until death to you part?" Alice was bouncing up and down tears falling down her cheeks. "I do," she whispered placing his wedding ring on his ring finger. "You may now kiss the bride." "Get over here," Alice demanded wrapping her arms around his neck as he kissed her. Applause erupted when they finally broke apart "The bride has asked that the bridesmaids and their dates join them in their first dance," Carlisle announced into a speaker. All the blood drained from my face making me go pale. Alice didn't tell me I was going to have to dance. I was wearing heels for fucks sake. I gave her a slight glare as Edward came over holding his hand out for me to take. "I can't dance," I whispered harshly at him. "Just follow my lead," he whispered back as I placed my hand in his. "If you need to you can even stand on my feet," he said with a chuckle making me blush slightly. Alice gave me a smile from over Jaspers shoulder as the song started playing and we started dancing. Angel by Kate Voegele. "I've got to say, you look different than I expected," Edward whispered as he turned me around. I gave a raise of an eyebrow following his lead. He was graceful, like he'd been dancing a few thousand times before, while I was basically tripping at every turn. "How did you expect me to look?" I questioned. Alice had told me nothing of her brother, but obviously she'd told him about me. She didn't tell me how devastatingly handsome he was, or how great of a dancer he was, she only told me he was escorting me. "From the way Alice talks about you, I expected you to be black and blue," he said a chuckle somewhere in his voice. "Trust me, you look much better than I had imagined," He whispered as the song ended. "I gave a smile as he let my go walking right over to his sister. "Bella," Charlie said as soon as I got off the dance floor. "Hi dad," I said simply as he embraced me. 'You look gorgeous," he said simply giving an awkward hug. "Do I get a dance with my daughter?" He questioned. I stiffened not able to tell if he was joking. I got my clumsiness for Charlie, both of us on that dance floor at the same time, was like asking for trouble. "How's school?" He questioned not making a move to the dance floor. "You know, I'm glad it's summer vacation," I laughed watching the way Edward moved. I was stunned by how beautiful he was. "She really looks happy," Rosalie announced coming to stand next to me. "I guess this means she's really moving in with him." I could tell Rosalie was slightly sad that we were going to have to find a third person to room with this summer, or we were going to have to room just the two of us. It wasn't a terrible idea, we were just going to have to find a smaller space. "I guess so," I said. "Emmett can't take his eyes off you tonight," I whispered hip bumping her.