Chapter 1 Lizzy looked up at the sky. Huge, lowering grey clouds were moving in from the west. The rain was going to pelt down shortly, there was no mistake about that. She picked up her hoe and started raking the soil again with renewed determination. She had to get this pea crop into the ground, their livelihood depended upon it. As she worked, her mind remained free to wander; wander back to happier times when her mother was still alive. When life was not a daily struggle for survival, hand to mouth; when times were not so desperate. She could just remember as a small child when they had had central heating, when the house had been warm and homely, and mom had stood in the kitchen cooking: the whole house had been suffused with delicious smells and love. Now she and her father must eke out a meagre living growing vegetables on this bare patch that had once been mom's lovingly tended flower garden. Lizzy was not sure if it was the biting March wind or the aching sense of loss that made her eyes water. She wiped her running nose on the back of her mitten and got back to breaking up the winter-hardened earth. Everything had seemed so perfect when her mother and her mother's parents were alive; although now as a near adult and with the benefit of hindsight, Lizzy could see that things had been as far from perfect as it was possible to be, the United States had lost the War in the 2030s and the sense of desolation that had come to southern States in the immediate aftermath was slowly but inexorably marching north to her mid-western Iowa home, coming in waves with the refugees from the south, and bringing with it the unrelenting poverty of displaced populations. Lizzy warmed herself by conjuring up her favourite memory. It was not of any specific time, but rather a sense of times past: of how they used to live. The whole family, mom and dad, her brother David, and granny and granddad Morrison sitting round the warm living room on a cold winter's night, happily resting their full bellies after one of granny's gut-busting pot-roasts. As a family, they never watched the Canadian television stations that were all that was available unless there was an urgent need to catch up; and even then, it tended to be just dad and granddad who did so, anxious as they were to shield the women and children from the ever encroaching threat coming up from the south. So to ward away all evil thoughts and worries, granddad would tell his stories of the time before the War, when America was the World power, God was in his heaven and all was right in the World. They had laughed and hugged themselves and felt secure. Surely it was only a matter of time before America came again and reasserted itself. Surely the victory of the Alianza had been a fluke, and could not hold. But with bitter irony, Lizzy noted that the Alianza had not only held, but had strengthened its position, controlling not just to States of the Reconquista, but pushing east to take Dixie and the Carolinas. And then as the War dragged on, and both sides dug themselves in in a stalemate in Northern Arkansas, came the decisive and crushing move by the British robots to move into every single State that bordered Canada and to create the Buffer Zone, supposedly to protect Canada from a refugee crisis but more probably to protect Canada itself. The move was the stab to the heart of America. Of course, the Beezies (as those in the Buffer Zone had come to be known) had not turned their back on their compatriots immediately. No, in the first couple of decades after the Roll In (as the sudden appearance of millions of mechanical men powering over the 49th Parallel was known) money, supplies and volunteers had continued to flow out of the Northern States. The British did not care what the Beezies (or anyone else for that matter) got up to; they set up their Raj, built themselves palaces on a scale to rival Louis XIV, rode around in splendid uniforms and largely ignored the locals. But the BZ prospered under such benevolent paternalism and slowly but surely it integrated further and further into the Canadian economy. Free America was left to fight on as best it could as the occupied 'America Libre' (oh the irony in that name) suffered on under the corrupt and arbitrary rule of the Alianza. The threatened rain started to come down hard. Sowing the peas would have to wait until tomorrow, Lizzy could not afford to get her one winter coat soaking wet. It was wool and would not dry; of course it was unsuitable, but it was the only one she had. In any event, the rain was obviously going to come down so hard it would risk unearthing any seed peas she planted, and Lizzy could not afford to lose anything more; she had lost so much already. She hurried back into the dark, damp house, so different now from the warm, bright family home her mother had created. Since her mother's death and the decline in their fortunes; indeed, the decline in their State's fortunes, neglect was everywhere as the once prosperous Iowans fell into greater and greater poverty. Lizzy looked in the dry store to see what she could find to make their supper of lentil stew more appetising. She may have left school at fourteen to help her widowed father on their remaining patch of land after her mother's death and her brother's departure, but she knew enough to know that she and her dad were living like medieval peasants: basically they were eating potage for supper, in the failing light, and then going to bed at nightfall because they no longer had the wherewithal to light the house. And yet she knew she and her father were not badly off by the standards of some who lived around them; indeed, to some who made shift in derelict house and rusting trucks, the Finleys, father and daughter, had an enviable life. Lizzy drained and rinsed the lentils she had been soaking and put a pot of water on the stove to cook them. She looked in the hopper to see how much in the way of pellets they had left. The level was not too bad – it should see out the winter; they had been in a much more parlous state in other years. She put some of the pellets in the stove to burn to heat the water. Once she got the spring crop in, she could take a truck up to the border post with Illinois at Dubuque and sell to an agent for sale on in Chicago. She wished she and her father still had the money for a truck of their own and she could drive her own products all the way to the market in Chicago and get the best price, as they had used to do when her mom was alive, but those days had long gone. So now she must trade with an agent, and pay a trucker to take her to the border and back, all of which left her with precious little from the sale of her fresh produce. It was one more fall that made life just that little bit harder, increment by increment, until you woke up one day and found your life unliveable, like old Josh Hunter, who hanged himself in what was left of his barn last October because he could not face another long, hard winter. Was what Josh did more noble than the refugee path, Lizzy wondered. In the past decade the population of Iowa had fallen by nearly two thirds as people just gave up the fight and fled to the BZ. Who could blame them, the War had been going on for over forty years now. At first the shock of defeat at the Grand Battle, and hope of a swift counter-attack had kept spirits high, but that was when Lizzy's parents had been children. Since then, apart from sporadic guerrilla fighting out of the Appalachians, the situation had not changed: stalemate. And there was Iowa, stuck in the middle, with Nebraska to the west and Missouri to the south controlled by the Alianza, and the Dakotas to the north and Illinois to the east part of the Buffer Zone; cut off completely from the rest of Free America far away to the east, apart nowadays from a weak radio signal once a week, in which the President promised what he and his predecessors had promised every week for the past forty-five years: that any day soon America would take the fight to the enemy and cast off the shackles of invasion. The water was boiling now, Lizzy threw some herbs and spices in with the lentils and debated with herself whether to cut a little bacon off their precious flitch to add to the stew. She was conjuring with this thought and weighing up the pluses and minuses as she went upstairs to find her father and tell him supper was nearly ready. Lizzy was worried about her father: another worry to add to all those that pressed down upon her young shoulders. Her father had cut his hand on a rusty, old saw and the wound would not heal. It was over two weeks ago now, and it looked to be suppurating. Of course there was no question of going to a doctor, even when there were doctors around the Finleys had struggled to pay doctors' bill and prescriptions. In reality, Lizzy did not face any such dilemma as it was many years ago now sincethe last of the medical fraternity had taken themselves off to the BZ. Hence, concern for her father's poor health meant Lizzy did not call to him up the stairs, but went up herself to bring him down. She pushed at the door to her father's bedroom. Lizzy was almost too shocked to register that her father was unconscious on the bed. She felt like she stood rooted to the spot in the doorway for an eternity, whereas in reality it would have been less than a second. Please don't let dad be dead, she thought as she threw herself across the room, she felt by sheer effort of will. She took her father's hand, it was warm and dry: she fumbled for a pulse in his wrist; yes, there is was, just the faintest trace. Relief flooded over Lizzy, but immediately her quick, young mind was onto the next question. Dad is dying, what must I do? At no point had Lizzy ever bemoaned the loss of her childhood. She had never reproached her brother, even just mentally, for running away to carry on the fight in the woods of the Appalachian mountains, leaving her alone here in this decaying house with her father, but now, at this moment, she knew she was too young to cope alone. She had to find someone to turn to for help; dad was dying and it was down to her to save him. There was only one person locally she could think of: her former English teacher, Miss Hamble. She was the only one of the dwindling school staff Lizzy knew to still be living locally. Many of the others, as far as she was aware, had gone over the border to the BZ, driven by a combination of falling school roll numbers and concern for their own families. Miss Hamble was cut from a different cloth. She had left the safety and relative wealth of Chicago to come and teach here in rural Iowa over ten years ago. She had uprooted herself from her city life and left security and a well-paid and pensionable job