Downfall Notes: This shitty ass chapter has finally been rewritten so I can finally get a few extra reviews and favorites on this. This is also my first story. lel. A few important notes: Extreme cliffhangers. Plot Twists. Crying. Lemons. Surprises in every paragraph. Severe cursing. Long chapters. Clichés. Anything else you'd expect in a rated M PJO Fanfiction, If you are allergic to any of those, don't read it. That and I don't want to be sued when a reader dies from an allergic reaction because he/she cried when Percy goes and – you get the idea. I'm very open to taking new ideas from readers. I don't own any references except OCs. EDIT: This shitty chapter has finally been rewritten to my standards. Thank Chaos. ! #$%^&*()_+ Chapter 1: The Final Prophecy Percy Jackson P.O.V. Betrayal. It's the worst thing one can ever feel. When your friends and allies turn their backs on you and throw you to the wolves, your world just crashes to the ground. Not for me at least. Sure, I eventually found a new home. Sure, I made a new family. Sure, I saved the world again. But nothing pains me more than getting betrayed and turned upon by your family and friends of several years. Even after I saved their asses twice and went through more at eighteen years than most soldiers in a mortal war would, they still spazzed me to oblivion and said, "Bye! Be sure to take the third 3 o'clock train to Tartarus!" It's been decades since it's happened, though. Decades since I fulfilled the Final Prophecy. Most of the gods are long gone, as well as my Greek friends. But thank Chaos, at least the Corps is still here. I'm sure you're wondering, " What the hell happened, Jackson you Seaweed Brain? Break the fourth wall already and do a flashback thingy!" Well for starters, you can not get on my bad side by not calling me Seaweed Brain, mmkay? And here I go, I guess. It all started when I was eighteen… Flashback, months after the Second Gigantomachy It was just a normal day in the life of a demigod – well at least, our standard of normal. Sword fighting? Rock wall climbing? Getting your ass whipped by Clarisse in sparring? It's all in the life of a demigod at Camp Half-Blood. Here at Camp Half-Blood, everyone is a son or daughter of a Greek god(dess) and a mortal parent. We may be godly, we may have powers, but we may not have full immortality. Perks of being half-god, huh? There's also a Roman camp, called Camp Jupiter located on the other side of the country in California. There, they worship the Roman aspects of the gods. It probably explains why everyone is so formal and militaristic there compared to lazy-ass Greeks like us. Enough of the introductory course though. One day, a kid was being escorted over the border by Grover, my satyr friend. And with all demigods running to the camp, they were being chased by a monster. I yelled for Annabeth – who was my girlfriend at the time, thank you very much – and Nico to run over and help the demigod. And as they grabbed the nearly-unconscious kid, I turned to face my old friend. The Minotaur. I grinned as I finally got to see my long-lost buddy of six years. (Get the sarcasm? Ha.) "Hey meat lug, wanna dance?" I yelled as it snorted in rage. The Minotaur then charged me, but with my abilities, I ran up to counter it and sliced off its' horns. Nothing better than dancing the same way when we first met, huh? I uncapped Riptide, the beautiful blade revealing itself once more. Meat lug roared even more in pain from getting its 'beautiful' horns cut off. It ran at me with its axe swinging in from the side. As it came closer, I slide-tackled underneath the Minotaur's swing and shot my sword up, cutting its axe in half. As I recovered from my slide, I heard cheering from the top of Half-Blood Hill. With the Minotaur charging at me again with bare hands, I grinned. If they want a show, they'll get a show. Once again, I ran up to counter the Minotaur. It swung a fist at me, which I dodged and grabbed onto its swinging arm. I pulled myself up onto it, and jumped for its shoulder. Meat lug, even more angry now, tried to slap me off as soon as I got on but obviously missed. I swung my legs around its neck and held on for dear life. The Minotaur started whipping its head back and forth to throw me off, but I held on. I looked to the crest of the hill and saw many of the campers laughing, while the older ones were facepalming at my usual crazy shit that I do. After about three minutes of Minotaur riding, I felt like throwing up from the constant whipping I was subjected to. I uncapped Riptide again and shoved it into the top of the meat lug's head, killing it instantly. As it began dissolving into monster dust, I jumped off and landed gracefully on the grass. Most of the campers were now cheering while the rest kept rolling their eyes. I realized that the Minotaur was chasing a demigod, so I gently pushed aside the crowd of campers and walked to the infirmary. Inside were Nico and Will Solace, who was talking to Nico as he fed the new demigod some ambrosia. They looked surprised as I walked in and, don't tell anyone this, but I swear I saw them blush a little bit. Nothing better than a little Solangelo teaser, huh? Nico quickly hightailed it out of there and Will walked over to the sink and washed his hands. Probably trying to wash away the awkward embarrassment I suppose. " So Will, how's the new demigod?" He dried his hands with the towel but kept doing so as he walked over. "Oh, uh, he's doing pretty well Perce. Just a couple of scratches and bruises, but otherwise he's doing pretty good." " Thanks for treating him Will, I think he'll be okay for now. Could you get Annabeth over here?" I asked. If he was going to wake up anytime soon, it'd be better if a girl was there to maybe 'perk him up' a little faster… if ya know what I mean. Wink, wink. A rare Line Break has appeared! Use your master ball to catch it instantly! Oh wait, it's a dual battle with an Unown… the last Unown you need. Do you catch the Unown, or do you catch the Line Break? Unown it is! Louis Raynor. That was his name. And as soon as he woke up, a lightning bolt appeared over his head. Annabeth looked on in shock while I just groaned and muttered, "Gods damn Zeus, keep it in your pants already!" I introduced him to the rest of the campers, much to their shock. The younger ones boggled their eyes at another son of Zeus while the older campers rolled their eyes and muttered about broken oaths and keeping it in their pants. It might have come as a shock that his father was Zeus, but his power and natural skill were even more of a shock. In my opinion, he was just as powerful as Jason. And he was only fourteen. When I asked him to use a few of his powers, he seemed to have already mastered flying. And when he called down lightning bolts, Chiron cantered over as he thought Zeus arrived at Camp Half-Blood. But most surprising of all, he wasn't arrogant or power-hungry like his father usually was. In fact, he was quite humble and quiet. During our training sessions he would talk about how he just wanted to clear up his father's name a little bit and to set a precedent for future children of Zeus. More like the next one coming in a few years. All in all, he was just like a little Jason with his blonde hair and blue eyes. The little campers adored him, while us older campers acknowledged his abilities. I even called him the next Perseus Jackson since he reminded me so much of myself. And not a single person disagreed. We all trusted him because he was different than most. He was humble, yet powerful, friendly, yet unafraid to put up a fight. I didn't expect a single bad thing to come from him. I was dead wrong. ! #$%^&*()_+ I decided to take Louis to go meet my mother, seeing as he wanted to meet the mortal that made my own father break his oath after nearly fifty years. I was offended at first, but I realized my dad was afflicted with his fatal flaw of loyalty, just like me. And it would take a near impossible amount of things to change our loyalties. Before I took him, however, I gave him a mini-tour of New York City. Even though camp is extremely close to New York City, we rarely go out of camp. Of course there are exceptions like me, but the gods made it that way. Damn gods and their stupid laws. We were in Central Park, enjoying the somewhat fresh air. At least, fresh compared to Time Square. We talked a little about our pasts, and Louis raised a little suspicion when I noticed his very extensive knowledge about Greek mythology and he almost referred to the gods as 'grandchildren.' I brushed it off. Louis was a unique child of Zeus out of hundreds, and I'm guessing this was just another unique thing about him. We were almost out of Central Park when a massive explosion ripped through the middle of the park. The shockwave was so powerful it knocked both of us off our feet. Mortals were screaming everywhere as they tried to get away. I grabbed Louis' hand and pulled him up while wondering what could have caused this. I didn't have to wait long as a really loud yell did it for me. " WHERE ARE YOU JACKSON? GET OVER HERE AND GET CRUSHED BY THE MIGHT OF HYPERION LIKE YOU SHOULD HAVE!" Shit. Hyperion was back. " Follow me, Louis!" I yelled amidst the screams of chaos throughout the park. I ran the opposite direction of the running crowd of mortals, many telling me I was crazy and to turn around. ADHD had to kick in, and I yelled back, "Nice weather we're having, huh?" ! #$%^&*()_+ I arrived by the lake where Hyperion's tree was to see a total blood bath. Hyperion was stomping around, burning mortals to a crisp and smashing them underneath his feet. Anger bubbled inside me – no one does this to my home city! I turned to Louis and ordered, "Louis, I know you're powerful but you can't hold up to a Titan and you know it. I need you to run back to Camp and get help, okay?" He was scared out of his wits, but he nodded and started sprinting as fast as he could out of Central Park. I turned back to Hyperion, who was still on his path of destruction. "Hey lightbulb!" I called out, "Did ya miss me?" He was in the middle of grabbing a mortal when he dropped the mortal and turned back to me, rage evident in the light radiating from him. "JACKSON! COME AND FIGHT ME AND GET CRUSHED BY THE MIGHT OF HYPERION!" I smiled. "I'd like to see you try, lightbulb." He roared in rage, and began pounding his way towards me. I ran up to counter him, wanting to finally put the Titan out of his misery. I'd describe the details of the fight, but it's not important. The only important thing is that I defeated Hyperion before he could create any