Tap, tap, tap. Roxanne King sighed. Once again attempting to concentrate on the tower of homework that sat on the desk in front of her, her quill tapping against its rough, wooden edge. The rhythmic, consistent sound of the quill against the hard surface started to make her eyes flutter. But just as soon as she was about to be lost in the land of slumber, the quill was plucked out of her hands, the sudden shock causing her to jump awake. Large, honey brown eyes darted around in confusion before they fell upon fiery haired girl across from her. Lily Evans emerald eyes narrowed and an irritated look written across her pale face. They had been in the library working on that weeks pile of essays when Roxy found herself growing tired, barely grasping the information in the books spread out before her. Lily's face softened, she knew her friend was never one to slack when it came to school, either there was something plaguing her mind or she was truly exhausted. "What boys on you mind?" Lily teased, a grin spreading across her face. Roxy shook her head, giggling tiredly. "No one. I've just been having trouble concentrating lately. Mixture of exhaustion and... I've been waiting for a letter.. From my Mother." Lily's smile changed from amusement to a frown. "Lets head back then." She suggested, attempting to be as understanding as she could. Lily had never had to worry about her parents, even though they were muggles they always made sure to send her a letters with the tiny white owl she had purchased when she was eleven years old. But for some reason her best friend hardly received letters from her family, but the odd time she expected one she would become agitated with worry if it didn't arrive on time. Though Lily had gotten used to Roxy's odd and secretive behaviour long ago, she always felt sadness that her friend never truly confided in her. Standing, the pair returned their books to the shelves. Lily making sure to place them back where she had found them, while Roxy slipped them into random sections. A sleepy grin on the later girls face. Shouldering their book bags, they quietly left the library towards Gryffindor tower. Both Lily and Roxy had been sorted into Gryffindor house six years previous, they had met that night during the feast and had become fast friend, now in their seventh year they classified each other as best friends. Roxy groaned, shifting her bag onto her opposite shoulder. Seventh year was proving to be much more difficult and time consuming then any year previous. Having NEWTs to worry about, as well as graduation, she wished time would slow down. Hogwarts corridors were mostly empty as night approached and curfew inched closer with every minute, but the girls didn't find themselves too concerned with the fact. This year Lily had been chosen as Head girl, with her Prefect position left open it was passed on to Roxy, giving them the privilege to walk the hall at night without suspicion. "Fortuna Major!" Roxy yawned. A chill ran up her back, reminding her that winter would be upon them any day. She found herself frowning as she stepped passed the Fat Lady's portrait into the busy Gryffindor common room. Students lounged, socializing with friends and tackling homework. Roxy assumed some were due the next day as she passed a student messily scribbling across his parchment, red in the face. There was a buzz in the air, an excitement as students discussed the approaching Hogsmead trip and next Quidditch match. With an exaggerated yawn, Roxy turned around to big her friend goodnight when the redhead suddenly growled, her tiny feet stomping off towards the fireplace. Spotting a certain group of pranksters, definitely up to no good, she chuckled. Decided against following Lily, she spun on her heel and hurried up the girls staircase towards the Seventh year dormitory. 'Empty', she noticed as she lazily dropped her book bag in the center of the room, knowing full well that she'd get an earful from Lily. Without a second thought on the matter, she tore off her uniform as she rummaged through her trunk, more then happy to feel the warmth and comfort of her old flannel pyjama pants which she paired with a black tank top. Throwing herself onto her bed, a piece of parchment and quill taken from her bedside table, she readied herself to begin yet another letter addressed to her mother. The tip of the quill barely touched the parchment when a sudden rapping at the window caused her to jumping, ink splattering across her bed. Grumbling, she tossed her writing materials aside on her way over to the window. Throwing it open, she didn't bother given the bird a moment to enter before she tore the letter from its leg. Tearing the letter open, ripping the parchment slightly, she began to read. "Dear Mary Your eyes are beautiful like the rise of the morning sun..." "What the f - Your secret admirer? Are you kidding me." The moment of excitement burnt out suddenly as she realized that it was indeed not a letter from her Mother, but instead an idiotic, 'an badly written if I say so myself', love letter two her friend and roommate, Mary McDonald. She couldn't help herself from wondering what type of boy had such low self esteem that he reverted to creepy anonymous letters? Could he not approach her friend during lunch? Then again, Mary could be intimidating with her large, bubbly personality. 'Perhaps a younger student, or some buffoon in Hufflepuff.' She thought to herself. There was no way this boy was from Gryffindor, he didn't seem to possess an ounce of courage. Suddenly, a smirk crawled across her lips. The type of smirk that little deemed evil, calculating and worrying on many occasions. She didn't allow the nagging 'Lily voice' in her head to dissuade her from her sudden idea. Quickly snatching the parchment and quill from her bed, ignoring the stained covers, she quickly jotted down a reply to Mary's letter. With a flourish, she signed it 'Roommate'. After an hour had passed, Roxy found herself reading the chapters she had been assigned in Charms, her mothers letter sent long ago. She rubbed her tired eyes with the base of her palm when the door to the dormitory burst opened, four girls piling in as they loudly discussed the Marauders antics. Standing, her legs feeling like jelly, Roxy handed Mary her letter, disrupting their conversation just before Lily broke out in another rant about 'the git'. "How charming!" Marlene Mckinnon gushed, dirty blonde hair bouncing. Roxy narrowed her eyes at her roommate. The two girls had never been close, they could barely stand to be in the same room as one another most days. Roxy found herself wanting to ripped out her own hair with annoyance at the other girl some days. "You are kidding? Right?" Roxy asked. "Charming? Try lame and creepy! It's probably a younger student anyways." Roxy said as she turned away from the girls and climbed back into her now clean bed. Between writing her letters and reading she had cleaned her sheets with a wave of her wand. "Have you no romantic bone in your body?" Dorcas meadows smiles sweetly towards he friend. Roxy rolled her eyes towards the soft spoken and kind girl. Unlike Marlene, Dorcas and Roxy had become fast friends during their first year at Hogwarts, though she couldn't completely understand the girls optimism, life was not that positive. "Nope, just the regular kind." Roxy answered cheekily. Dorcas chuckled, while Lily rolled her eyes, before they both followed her suit and crawled into bed. Curtains closing behind them to block out the light in the dormitory. Roxy ignored the look of disgust Marlene happened to shoot her way and instead turned her attention towards Mary, who sat at the end of her bed re-reading her letter. Deciding against mentioning the letter she had sent to her friends secret admirer, knowing full well that they'd be unhappy with her actions. Possibly forgoing speaking to her for a full week. Keeping the information to herself was definitely her best bet. Pulling her scarlet curtains shut around her four post bed, she crawled under the warm covers, laying back she attempted to fall asleep as Mary and Marlene discussed possible identities to her admirer. For the last six year Roxy had shared a dorm with the same girls, and nothing had ever changed. Lily and Mary had hit if off with her quickly during the Welcome feast. Mary was talkative and girly while Lily was smart and mature, even at the age of eleven they blended in perfectly with Roxy's sarcastic and joking demeanor. It was different when she met Marlene, though the other girls seemed to get on with her well, it felt as if she wanted to compete against Roxy, wanting to constantly prove that she was better then her roommate. It irritated her to no end, erasing any chance of the two girls becoming friends. Then there was Dorcas, shy and mousy, it had taken her a couple weeks to get used to the other girls big personalities. But when she had finally become comfortable with her roommate, Roxy found that she fit perfectly with herself, Lily and Mary. Roxy knew that she couldn't have found any better friends, they made Hogwarts feel like home and help distract her from the problems she faced. Like her mother. It had been a month since she had heard of her, which it unnerved her deeply. Deep in thought, Roxy hadn't realized she had fallen asleep until she had woken in the middle of the night by a nightmare she couldn't even remember. Soaked in sweat, panting, she slid passed her heavy curtains into the pitch black room. The rhythmic breathing told her that her friends were in a deep sleep. Unable to fall back asleep after such a terrifying dream, though she couldn't remember it, she could feel how scare she was. Her heart nearly jumping out of her throat, hands shaking. Grabbing her book bag, she slipped out of the dormitory and quietly down the stairs. She need a place to think, somewhere warm and comfortable. The large red sofa in front of the fireplace in the common room called to her. Stepping off the last step, she spotted the frosted windows, cold air leaking into the room. Cursing herself for not grabbing a sweat shirt, she hurried her pace towards the dark fireplace. With a wave of her wand, flames sprung to life creating a glow across the room, heat radiating off the embers warming her skin. Sighing, content, she turned around to sit on the couch only to find it vacated. It didn't take her long to recognized the boy, his dark, curly locks and strong jaw were only some of the reasons girls fell head over heels for him. Roxy refused to retreat back up the stairs into her dark dormitory. She couldn't sleep. She wouldn't. She was wide awake and her friends would be peeved if she had woken them at such a late hour. Sirius Black, Gryffindor prankster and heart throb would be ruin her night, she decided. Gripping her wand, Roxy pointed it towards the slumbering boy. A sly grin upon her face she levitated him off the couch, attempting to lay him gently on the floor when she accidentally dropped him prematurely. A chuckle and a shrug later, she hopped onto the now vacant couch, ignoring the loud and angry growl that erupted from the floor. As Roxy pulled out a textbook, intent on reading ahead in her Transfiguration lesson, she ignore Sirius' grunts and growls as he lifted himself off the floor and approached the back of the couch. Clearly interested in seeing who was brave enough to do such a