New Heroes of Olympus: By: pokemongirl101618 Disclaimer: I DO NOT OWN PERCY JACKSON IN ANYWAY! Summary: Bella and her friend Aaron were normal 9th graders who went to a special school for the dyslexic, blind, deaf, and kids with ADHD. They were normal till one day, while walking home from school; they both were attacked by a fury. From that day forward; Bella and Aaron were demigods. Both will be kept at camp until they can face the outside world. After a few days, they are assigned a quest with their new demigod friends (the OCs) to help stop all of evil from destroying the health of all of the campers in Camp Half Blood. Will she and her friends succeed? Or will the whole camp die from the fatal dieses. Author's Note: This is a SYOT and the forms for them will be at the end of this chapter! 000000000000000000000000000 Chapter 1: Rotten Tuna Fish Sandwiches and Flying Bird Things Bella's POV: Hello, my name is- wait, that's not how I should start this story. What up reader! No, that's even worse! Oh what the heck, my name is Bella Ross (or was- you will understand when you get to that part), I'm 15, and this is the story of how my life changed forever… 000000 Another day at my boring school for the 'Special Kids'. I was sitting in my pre-calculus class, wondering when I'm ever going to use a^2+b^2= c^2 in my life? Did I even get that right? Did I mix up the c and the b? Dyslexia strikes again! I am surprised I am passing this class with a B- average! I am smart for a dyslexic person, but not as smart as McKenzie Jenkins, why is she even in this school?! She is not dyslexic, blind, deaf or suffers from ADHD, how did she even apply? Oh course she is the smartest girl in the school. She is smart, snotty, and a snob. She always tries to make us kids, who actually need to go to this school, feel bad about them. My life is such a drag sometimes; it gets worse and worse by the minute. It's bad enough that both of my parents died and I have to live with a woman who doesn't care for me at all (her name is Brenda). I have no idea what my parents even look like. Well, I have dark brunette hair gray eyes, and fair skin. Do I look like my mom, or my dad, or a mix? I guess I'll never know. After a while, the bell rang. Finally this dreaded class ended and I rushed to my favorite class in the whole world, Ancient History! I know, it doesn't seem that I would be the person who would pay attention in this class and sit still (did I mention I have ADHD too?), but I love it. The topic is so interesting because we are learning about Ancient Greece for the year, and we have an awesome teacher! Mr. Brunner might be in a wheelchair and in his mid-50s, but he understands us kids with these problems, like me. Also, my highest grade is in this class, a 98%! "That is how Kronos defeated his father, Ouranos." He concluded. For some odd reason, I like this story. Kronos defeated his father because his mother, Gaea, wanted revenge on him. He used a scythe fashioned by his mother and sliced Ouranos in thousands-no, millions of pieces and Kronos claimed ruler of the universe! If only I can do that to McKenzie Jenkins. Just then I realized I slowly started to raise my hand. "Mr. Brunner, when Kronos defeated Ouranos, he was the good guy. How did he become the bad guy later on?" I asked. "Good question Bella, when Kronos married Rhea, they had children. But he thought of his own children as threats. Therefore, he imprisoned all five of them by swallowing them alive. Rhea pleaded to spare the children, but Kronos and his selfish ways refused." Mr. Brunner explained. "So, then Zeus was born and somehow made Kronos hurl out the other five kids?" I implied. Mr. Brunner smiled at me and made a light chuckle. "It looks like someone read ahead in the textbook." He said. Great, now I sound like a nerd. "Let me elaborate with that statement. Zeus was secretly born on Mount Ida. Rhea gave Kronos a stone to eat, deceiving him on thinking that the stone was Zeus. When Zeus grew up into adulthood, he infiltrated his father's palace on Mount Othrys and poisoned Kronos' drink, making him disgorge Demeter, Hades, Hera, Hestia and Poseidon, the five children who Kronos swallowed. Once they were out, they declared war on the Titans and eventually triumphed in the conquest Titanomachy where Kronos' followers were banished and Kronos was chopped into thousand pieces by the same scythe he defeated Ouranos with by Zeus." Mr. Brunner concluded. Suddenly, the bell rang for lunch. I really didn't want to leave…but… I WAS HUNGRY! When I went outside to the lunch grounds, I made a B-Line to the big cherry blossom tree that was on a small hill. I usually sit here all by myself. I sat against the trunk of the tree and opened the lunch box. I groaned at what was in there. Another day, another rotten tuna fish sandwich. Brenda really must not care enough for me to actually pack me a healthy lunch. First of all, I have tuna, and second, she could at least put the thing in a bag so it didn't infect my bag with a rotten smell and ruin the rest of the food which was a perfectly good apple. A few pigeons came by and I gave them a chunk of the sandwich, but they fled with horror. "I guess animals can't even stand Brenda's cooking." I said to myself. I let out a big sigh and just threw the sandwich in the distance. Since nothing else in my lunchbox was edible, I took out my MP3 Player, hooked on my headphones, wrapped my arms around my knees and sat against the trunk of the cherry blossom trees. I scrolled through my playlist looking for a song to listen to, but I have no good songs. I decided to listen to some Owl City. Then, after I was settled, I started to think about what my parents were like. Does my mom have dark brunette hair? Do I have my dad's gray eyes? "At least I have something of you guys." I said to myself, looking at my aquamarine necklace. Then I started to think about my parents. Who are they? What do they look like? All of these questions flew around my head, but suddenly, I heard my names being called. It was Aaron Holt, my best friend since the 6th grade. "Hey, what's up Bella?" he asked. "Nothing much, just sitting here, listening to music, thinking, throwing rotten tuna fish sandwiches around, the usual." I said, he laughed at that part. He sat right by me and took one of the headphones that was in my ear and stuck it in his ear. "It looks like your mom gave you rotten fish for lunch." He said. "Like I can call her my mom! I can't even call her step mom." I said. You have no idea how much I hate her! "Here, take half of my peanut butter sandwich." Aaron offered. "Thanks!" I said, taking the sandwich and devouring it. "You must be hungry." Aaron laughed. I then realized how un-lady like I was acting, heck, I'm never lady like! In front of Aaron, I don't care, we are best friends! "Oh, I really haven't eaten good food in days, plus, I love peanut butter." I said. It's true, Brenda sucks at cooking and I love peanut butter. "No problem, you are my friend. I can share anything with you." He said. Just then, I stopped eating and stared at his gray eyes, he has dyslexia too. "Same goes to you. But, I always wondered this, how come you aren't friends with any of the guys?" I asked with my mouth full of food. "Well, all of the guys are big jerks and the girls are plain weird, you are my only friend." Aaron stated. I literally laughed at that statement, just then, the lunch bell rang. "Let's get to class." Aaron said as he held out his hand, I grabbed it with a light grip, but he gripped my hand tightly, yet gently. 00000000 We walk into Mr. Brunner's class and the assignment on the board was to write a poem about the Trojan Was. Luckily, it was a partner assignment, so I knew exactly who to partner with; Aaron! He is really good at poetry and music. Plus, I am his only friend at this school. We sat next to each other and started to list ideas about the poem. Before we knew it, class was over, and so was the school day. Aaron and I decided to walk home together. While we were walking, we heard a screech, at first we thought it was the wind, but then we started to think a little. The wind can't make that noise, then what did? Just then a weird winged creature came hurdling towards me. "Ack!" I screamed as the talons of the creature sunk into my shoulder and pinned me to the ground. "Die, demigod! DIE!" said the weird creature. "Hang in there Bella! I'm coming!" Aaron said as he hurdled towards the creature with a stick. Aaron charged at the thing with a stick, but the creature flicked Aaron across the road like a bug. "Stop in the name of Zeus!" said a very familiar voice. I managed to glance at whose voice it was, and then I saw a wheel chair and a familiar beard. MR. BRUNNER?! What the heck is he doing here? He'll get hurt by this thing that was starting to dig it's talons in my shoulders, that's gonna leave a mark. "Percy, Annabeth! Defeat the fury, I will get the children." Mr. Brunner commanded. The one called Percy charged at the monster with his sword and the monster released me and pulled all of its attention to Percy. Aaron then ran towards me and helped me up. We both, unable to move, stared at the action. The blonde haired girl, Annabeth, used the dagger to finish off the monster. Just as things were over, Mr. Brunner glanced at us and said, "We must get them to safety, now!" he yelled with worry. Just as I was about to say something, I just saw black and black only… 0000000000000000000000000000 "Bella, wake up. Come on Bella, wake up!" said a voice, Aarons voice. "Huh? Oh, thank god it you. I had the craziest dream! You and I were walking home from school when a giant human bird thing tries to kill me and Mr. Brunner was there and these two teenagers named Percy and Annabeth killed the thing!" I yelled. "Bella, that wasn't a dream." Aaron said. "What do you mean; this can't be real, can it?" I asked. "Bella, you and I were attacked by a weird creature; I too passed out, but only for a day. You on the other hand, were out for a day and a half." Aaron said. "Where are we?" I asked. "We are in the infirmary, so we could heal you." Said a familiar voice, it was that Percy kid! "You! You killed that thing! What the heck was that?!" there I go, babbling like an idiot. "That thing was a fury, a winged creature." A blonde haired girl said, Annabeth. "Why did it attack us?!" I asked. "Because you are a demigod." Percy simply said. "A what?!" Aaron and I said in unison. "A demigod, half mortal, half god." Percy explained. "No way!" Aaron exclaimed as if