"I noticed that you seemed very withdrawn from the rest of group when we arrived in District Nine. Barley told me that you also did that for the entire Tour." When Aslovee entered the place that was given to me after he became victor, he knew This place is nothing like District 9, at all. The walls are made of golden white shit, he thought. The tables are shining in the light of the golden chandeliers, made of glass. There are a lot of things that he could not name, however. The best of all things is the toilet. There's a shiny blue toilet bowl, a bloody red faucet, a colorful shower with fancy curtains, and a golden yellow bathtub. The bathroom has too many accessories, but the shower looks like the best one that he had seen in his entire life. So He took a shower, and when he came out, Russell, the psychologist, was sitting on the cozy red sofa. . It is his first session. He sat with them and Russell starts the conversation. "That's normal for me." "But you barely talked to anyone the whole time." "Also normal." "So it's normal to be secluded?" "Secluded? Like alone?" Russell nodded. "Everybody needs to be alone sometimes." "Now, we noticed in the arena that your reaction to the deaths around you was quite muted. We're worried that your humanity has been lost in the situation you were in." "You wanted me to show humanity? In the Games?" "That's not what I meant. It's okay to be upset over what happened." "I'm not upset. I did what I had to do. I'm sure you would have done the same thing." "I'm afraid of blood." "What?" "I can't stomach the sight of blood. Makes me sick." Russell said with a cringe. "How does that make you feel?" "I just said it makes me nauseous. And don't turn this around. This is about you. You're in a safe place. Say whatever you want." "So I can just pour out about all the bullshit around me and you won't tell anyone." "I mean, if you're going to kill yourself, I have to tell somebody. Speaking of that, how's the medication?" "I'm not taking it." "Why not?" "You gave me the wrong shit." "It was just muscle relaxer." "I got horse tranquilizers." "Oh, shit. Really? Why didn't you tell us sooner?" "Slipped my mi-." "Hey, Aslovee. Sorry to interru-." "Who the hell are you?" He said to the boy. "I could ask the same thing. I'm Christian." "And what are you doing in this house?" "Aslovee?" Christian said. "They live here now." "They?" "His sister lives here, too." "So you're letting people just come and go in here?" "Nope. I only invited them." "You can't keep secrets like that. It's not good for you." "Why should you care?" "It's not that I car-. I mean, no. That's not what I meant. I do care. I'm just s-saying that we want to keep close tabs on you." "So I don't end up like Catnip." "Katniss." "I forget her name." Christian knocked the glass on the wall. "Sorry, but I just wanted you all to know that the tea is ready. You want some?" Russell turned to Aslovee. "Do I want some?" "Will it calm you down?" "I don't need to be calmed down. I'm fine." "Go ahead, Christian. Put some of those pills in his tea, too." Christian left. "I'm glad you have a funny bone." "I was serious." "How about this?" Russell reached into his brown satchel and pulled out a laminated piece of paper. "Since you can't verbalize how you feel, visuals will help. This is a feelings chart. Point to what you feel." Aslovee took the laminated paper. On it were faces of various colors. Green was happy. Red was angry. Blue was sad. A few more faces dotted the paper, and short descriptions filled out the space next to them. "Where's bored?" Aslovee said. "It's not on there." "Okay. Then I'm mad." "Excellent. I mean, not excellent. I'm just happy you're being aware of your emotions. So why are you angry? Do you feel that the world around you is strangling your freedom. Is your need for companionship being fulfilled with the two residents here?" "None of that. I just hate how bored isn't on the paper." Russell sighed. "Very well. What about your social life so far? You've gone into town, haven't you?" "Yeah. Usually to get some things." "What things?" "Things." "Illegal things?" "I don't shoot up, if that's what you're asking. Drugs are fucking disgusting." "But you used to steal them." "That was only three times. And it was for money. It's not like I wanted to steal. Some shitheads out there aren't that bad. They're just making a living." "So you feel guilty for stealing." "No. Again, I needed to do it." "But you hadn't killed anyone before. Were you prepared to take such a leap even if it was for your survival in the Games?" "I did kill someone before." Jerome's eyes grew to the size of dinner plates. He looked down at his clipboard and flipped through the pages on it. After checking them all, he let them rest and stared at Aslovee. "That's not in the file. Care to explain?" "The only explanation I could think of is that your information doesn't go back that far." "No. I mean, you killed someone before?" An alarm clock on the table sounded. Russell turned it off and sighed again. "I'm going to have an interesting talk to the reconnaissance department tomorrow. Thank you for your cooperation, Aslovee. I mean it." Aslovee looked back at Russell with the same bored expression as usual. "So, goodbye. I'll see you in three days. You're liaison will be here in an hour." "Liaison?" "Yes. Your conduit for communication between us and the Capitol. She will bridge the gap for us to give you information you need from you-know-where. By the way, she's going to have to stay here with you for a few days every two weeks." "I have plenty of company with Isabel and Christian." "Then Think of her as like a maid or something. You can work on what we talked about." "We talked about a lot of things." "Social skills. See you around." Russell grabbed his beret and stepped out into the cold. An hour later, a knock came from the door. Aslovee opened it. A girl with flowing blonde hair and pale green eyes stood in a pink jacket and black snow pants. "Holy shit. You're that girl from that party." She looks gobsmacked for a few seconds. Her mouth is ajar slightly, and her eyes shift towards Isabel and Christian behind him. "I thought it was only us." "Only us?" Aslovee asked. "Is this what you're using your money for?" Isabel asked with a chuckle. "Oh, I-I'm the liaison. We met at the Victor's Ball." "So are you actually from the Capitol?" "Yes I am." "Pretty suspicious seeing a Capitol girl over here," Christian said. "It's okay. Barley hired me." "Barley?" "I, uh..." Then, her eyes widened in revelation. She took off her purple backpack and unzipped it. She pulled out a Manila folder and handed it to Aslovee. He looked at the cream paper inside. "There's nothing on he-." "Oh, I'm so sorry. It's...uh...invisible. In case anybody checked me. Can I come in? The snow is getting stuck in my hair." Once inside at the dining room, the girl threw herself on a thin grey chair. She shrugged off her jacket, leaving her with a white sweater. "I just made tea," Christian said. "I'll warn you. It may have horse tranquilizers in it." "You're such a comedian, Christian." Isabel said. "Thank you. Anyway, Aslovee needs to read what's on the paper. Do you have an iron we can use?" She said. "What do we need an iron for?" "To read the ink," Aslovee said. "How the hell do you know that?" Isabel asked. Aslovee said nothing and walked up the stairs. Isabel and Christian looked at the girl as discretely as they could. The siblings tensed up while meandering around the warm dining room, unable to determine the correct actions for the situation. Whenever the girl looked up at them, they immediately shied away their eyes from her vision. Aslovee came down with the iron and plugged it into the socket. He gave the iron to the girl, and she started to run the paper on the glass table. "Try not to get smudges." Aslovee said. "What do you need an iron for, anyway? When would you use it?" Isabel asked. "Maybe I like to take care of my clothes. It's not like I've had a closet before." He said. "Uh," Aslovee turned to the girl. She stopped and looked at his black eyes. "I'm not very good with names." "Oh! I'm Kim." "You gave me those aspirins at the party." "Barley saw me and thought I would make a good candidate for the job." "Which is?" Christian asked. "I don't mean to be rude, but I can't tell you. Only Aslovee." "Okay. Victor shit. This is what you get living, bro." Isabel said. "I guess we'll leave you two alone. 'Toby' is on, anyway." "What?" "It's TV. I suggest you catch up at some point." The brother and sister left. "So I think I have it pretty much down.". Kim said. Aslovee looks down at the paper. Faint black ink appears on the surface. He picked up the warm paper from the steaming iron. Wafting the moist face in the cozy air, he straightened it and looked down at the writing. Two minutes later, he ripped it up. Kim snatched the torn pieces of paper. "No! Don't rip it up yet" "They said to destroy it" Aslovee said, raising an eyebrow. "Yes, but after I'm done explaining things to you." "It seems pretty self-explanatory" Kim straightened her hair. "Yes, but I just wanted to express how important this is." "The only thing it really says is your job description which I guess is like a glorified mailman. And they picked you from the Capitol to lower suspicion. Not to mention, your fake IDs." "Well," Kim said. "Something like that. I'm also here to help you adjust to your new life and tell you about the ongoings at you know where and where I'm from. We can't give you anything directly. Also, don't take this the wrong way." Aslovee stared at her. "I need to make sure that you'll be able to fit in well. Especially when you return to the Capitol in a few weeks and not cause any more trouble." "That makes no sense. And since when am I going back to that shithole?" "I'm just here to help with what they tell me to help you with. I'm sorry." Aslovee moved closer to her. "Don't apologize. You haven't done anything wrong." Kim leaned back slightly. "But it feels like I did. If I ever do anything wrong, let me know." "Relax. I'm not going to whip you." Kim giggled. "You're funny." "I was being serious." "I'm nervous. That's all." "It said something about execution so like if I fire you you die." "And my parents, too. They kind of drag them into this. But I guess that's just the fun of Revolution." "So the folks at that place don't trust me." He said. Kim took in a deep breathe. "I'm going to make sure you don't cause trouble. Not saying that you will cause any trouble! I'm just saying that...we're your friends and we're trying to do our best to make sure that nothing bad happens and we're just making sure you get all the help you need." Friends? Aslovee thought the Rebels considering him a friend was funny. At the moment, Aslovee wasn't sure if they were any better than the Capitol. Mostly because he thought they were bat