. Harry Potter and the World of Dinosaurs By: Tellemicus Sundance Chapter 1—Consequences of Complacency August 13, 1984 The Hangman's Noose, Knockturn Alley It was a bad time to be a dark wizard. After nearly twenty years of dominance, the once mighty dark powers that led the world through fear, greed, and murder had been abruptly toppled and scattered like glass. As what has always happened in times past and will continue to happen in times to come, without a strong leader holding the reins and directing the cutthroats in a singular cause, the self-righteous and self-serving dark wizards had immediately turned on one another. Wizards and witches of noble blood and birth, once utterly untouchable through various means, were suddenly finding themselves being hunted down, either betrayed by their brethren or by those who knew of their wrongdoings. But although many were either captured or killed in the following manhunts, quite a few managed to slip between the cracks. Those in the Wizengamot and law enforcement were more focused and content to bring in the recognized or suspected Death Eaters and those of higher tier importance of the fallen Dark Lord's organization. As was typical, many of those upper-class dark wizards were of noteworthy and respectable Pureblood families and had long aspirant careers and lineages dealing with the dark side. Thus, this naturally made them high priority targets of the 'redeemed' Ministry. Thus, excluding special cases, most of the common rabble who were little more than cannon-fodder to bolster the Death Eater ranks or who had joined out of fear were largely ignored and left free to roam and live as they wished. However, for every dark wizard that had joined out of fear of being hunted down, five more had joined out of complete devotion to the cause of purifying and/or controlling the filth that was contaminating their magical bloodlines. As was the case for one particularly surly group of wizards who had taken up residence in the lone pub of the dark street. All of them were dark wizards, former members of the once-mighty and terrifying Death Eaters, all having been branded with the Dark Mark, and all currently in hiding from their brethren and the 'triumphant' Ministry of Magic. "Bunch'a backschhabbing cow'rds!" seethed a wizard with a large, bulbous nose. He was rapidly approaching the point of being roaring drunk, having consumed copious amounts of the vile vodka-rime. The magical cold drink was far from the delicacy of gigglewater or the more widely used and favored firewhiskey. It was a cheap mix of Muggle vodka and ice magic. Thus, it was perfect for a poor wizard and meant to get him as sloshed as possible in the shortest amount of time. "If zhe dark lord wasch here, zhey'd schtill be cow'ring in zheir bootsch of usch!" "Will you give it a rest already, Dereth?!" a shallow, pale faced wizard demanded hotly. He was far less drunk and was still somewhat trying to hide under his cloak's hood from the wandering eyes of the other patrons of the dilapidated pub. "Complaining about ain't gonna bring our Lord back!" "Oh, let him be, Hector," Lexis the Whore said, the only witch among the group. "It's better he lets it out now than later." "And that'sch juscht what 'm a gonna do!" Dereth stated before chugging another large mouthful of vodka-rime. With a heavy exhale, an icy blue mist of alcohol breath blew from his mouth. "I don' tschink I kin liv' 'n a world tha' hasch zhozz filthy ami'nals it wi'out zhem firscht being prun'd an' pluck'd for z'e slaa'ter azz zhey zho'd be !" "Ah, what a wonderful world that would be!" Garrett the Bold, the last of their little group, said. Nods of agreement from Lexis and Hector showed they at least shared the opinion, even if they didn't voice it. "But with how our wonderful Chief Warlock and the overeager new Head Auror are so eagerly cleaning up the streets, that's not going to happen any time soon." Loud growls of fury and disgust echoed around the group as thoughts of Dumbledore and Scrimgeour's work returned. Sadly, Garrett's statement was nothing short of factual. Both men were leading the charge against the Death Eaters and their work had been bearing a lot of fruit these past few months. There weren't too many Pureblood families left that hadn't felt the heavy chains of the prosecution chair over their shoulders as they faced the full fury of (and selectively emptied large amounts of their savings accounts into) the Wizengamot. "You know," Hector said, a contemplative look on his face. "Pretty soon, they're going to run out of high-class prats to round up and bankrupt. Who do you think they'll go for next?" The answer was glaringly obvious to all of them. "What are you suggesting?" Lexis asked, eyeing Hector critically as she took a sip of her own vodka-rime. Blowing out her own small icy breath, she continued, "That we leave the country before that happens?" "That would be the smart thing to do," Hector admitted, sipping his own goblet deeply. "Bah!" Dereth barked disgustedly. "Zhe o'ly way zhey'll get me in zhat blwu'dy schair iz if zhey kill me firscht!" "I agree," Lexis said resolutely. "Yes, better to go down in a blaze of spellfire than end up in a cold cell with dementors for visitors," Garrett agreed, finishing off his own goblet. After a long moment of silence, Garrett got an idea. It was a stupid idea, suicidal even. If he'd been any less drunk than he was, he would've realized that and dismissed it out of hand. But with the high concentration of liquid courage poisoning his veins, he saw his idea as nothing short of the pinnacle of utter brilliance. Thus, he let a lewd sneer cross his face as he said, "So why don't we?" "What?" Lexis asked, the whole table turning to look questioningly at him. "It's gonna happen anyway," Garrett stated, feeling more and more confident in his idea. "So why wait for the inevitable to come to us? Let's go out in a blaze of glory! One last hurrah to celebrate the death of our mighty lord to a worthless puling brat !" Such was the logical of a scorned drunk. "Gr'at 'dea!" Dereth immediately agreed, far too far gone to not see the sheer stupidity of the action in question, or even see straight for that matter. And so it went, one after another, their little group agreed to the stupid plan and departed from the pub. They were in such an ecstatic rush to relive the good old days one last time that they utterly forgot to try and pay for their drinks. Park, Surrey It was very dark out and little 4-year-old Harry Potter was getting very scared. He had been a very bad boy today at his relatives' house. His aunt had been trying to show him how to properly wash and rinse the dishes, saying that it was time he started earning his keep around the house. And while he didn't necessarily understand what she meant or why he and not Dudley had to do it, he feared her and his uncle's wrath too much to even consider not trying to stay on their good sides. But because he was still just a little boy, still figuring out how to properly walk and move about, learning to coordinate his limbs, he had quickly and accidentally broke one of his aunt's favorite plates (or so she said) as he was trying to dry it with a washcloth. He knew he was in trouble long before his aunt started shrieking in rage and grief over the broken plate. She had quickly bent him over her knee and paddled a wooden spatula on his small ass with all of her furious strength before shoving him out into the backyard. Harry, fearing more pain and torment would follow once his aunt had cleaned up the mess, had quickly used the small window of opportunity to rush around the house and run down the street. Harry Potter had run away from the Dursleys for the first time in his life. But because he was still a young child, scarcely old enough to be considered not a toddler, he didn't make it very far. He had only gotten four blocks away from Privet Drive when exhaustion crept in. A conveniently nearby park was the perfect place for him to go to hide, rest, and hide some more. He knew he should go back to the house, but he was still so scared! And not only that, but he was also quite lost. He had never been allowed out of eyesight of his relatives' home before, as they were too embarrassed at having to put up with him to let him shame them by letting the neighbors see him. Thus, once the house was out of sight, he was hopelessly and completely lost. So, he did the only thing he felt he could do. Stay where he was, where he was safe, and hope that someone nicer than his aunt and uncle would find him and take him far away. Take him somewhere better, nicer, safer…happier? That was what he wanted to have happen. Surely, someone would come around and try to help him. Anyone was better than his relatives! But as time went by, his hopes were quickly dashed. The people on the streets and sidewalk passed by him without comment. A few might've paused after spotting his forlorn form seated on one of the swings, but none approached him. He had started crying again until he had no tears left to shed. His mouth grew dry and his tummy started to hurt again in hunger. The hot sun beat down on his little shoulders, but he just stayed where he was. Fighting to keep the hope alive that someone would come and save him. Then, night began to fall. Lights lit up in the surrounding houses and businesses. Cars and people soon started heading home in a mass exodus. Eventually, the masses thinned out, the constant traffic died down, and the red sky turned black as the sun disappeared behind the horizon. And yet still no one came to him. He was all alone. He started to wonder, had been wondering ever since he arrived, had been wondering since he really started understanding that his relatives hated him. Was this his fate? Was he destined to be alone and scared, powerless and in pain, for the rest of his life? Was he really so worthless of a creature as that? Is that why he had been left alone? Why had his mommy and daddy (because he surely had some!) left him to this misery? Had he done something wrong to deserve this? As more and more of these depressing thoughts and questions began floating through his mind, a wild, vibrant energy began to awaken within him. It wouldn't have been noticeable to most people at first. But they would've soon realized that something…phenomenal was occurring. Pieces of foliage, loose gravel, and grass had begun to shake to an absent wind, rising slowly into the air, as the energy continued to grow, seeking an outlet of some kind. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! Four simultaneous explosions of displaced air rent the area of the playground. Harry let out a small shriek of fright as he was jolted out of his melancholy mood and sent careening to the ground. "Owie," he whined, rubbing where his head had hit the gravel ground behind him as he pushed himself upwards. "Well, well," a loud man's voice suddenly said, quickly drawing Harry's attention. "What have we got here?" Looking up towards the voice, Harry saw four of the strangest dressed people he'd ever seen before. They all wore what looked like black dresses of some kind that were embroidered with bits of silver and green