Author's Note: I recently found this, which I'd written about 3 years ago. I did a bit of tweaking and decided I liked it enough to post it here. I hope you enjoy! xx Please review! :) I got all I need when you came back for me ... "Draco, darling," Daphne called from the bedroom. "Could you give me a hand for a moment?" With a sigh, Draco rose from his position on the couch and traipsed upstairs to the bedroom he shared with his fiancée. He and Daphne had been living with Lucius and Narcissa ever since the marriage had been announced. The two of them were to be married in the spring, after being engaged for six months. The arrangement had been most profitable for both the Greengrass' and the Malfoys, but Draco felt nothing but dread at the thought of his marriage to Daphne. When he arrived at the door of them bedroom, he took a moment to admire her. Facing the mirror with the pale skin of her back exposed, she was beautiful and she knew it. Her long, blonde hair was piled messily on top of her head, which gave him a view of her slender neck and defined shoulder blades. Daphne Greengrass had always been beautiful; that was something Draco couldn't deny. She turned her head at the sound of his arrival and her face broke out into a sly smile. "What are you staring at?" she asked coyly, knowing full well that he was admiring her beauty. Draco stepped towards her and kissed her cold, pale cheek softly. "You," he muttered simply. She laughed coolly. "I need you to zip me up." Her request was almost demanding and Draco had no choice but to obey. He slowly pulled the zipper upwards, careful not to catch her skin and let his fingertips dance lightly across to top of her shoulders. Daphne turned in his grasp and straightened his tie. He caught a quick glimpse of her long, red fingernails, curved into talons that looked equally sharp. "Are you excited about today?" she quipped, letting her hands rest on his chest. Draco shrugged nonchalantly. It was his twenty-first birthday and his family were throwing him a small party. The gathering would consist of his and Daphne's family, and a handful of their closest friends. Normally, Draco would have felt thrilled at being the centre of attention amongst his family. He enjoyed boasting about how successful he was in his career and showing off his magnificent manor. But a dark cloud lingered over the day, and it came in the shape of Astoria Greengrass. Daphne's younger sister had quite a complicated past, and her history with Draco was almost just as complex. She was a cheerful, shy little thing, and Draco was drawn to her bright aura like a moth to flame. She epitomised everything that was good and right in the world, and he wanted nothing more than to share in her light. With his family and Daphne around, he knew he was going to have to control his attraction to her, which would test him greatly. "How can you not be excited?" Daphne scolded with a click of her tongue, shaking her head at him. "You only turn twenty-one once. Surely, you're looking forward to the celebration." Draco sighed. "I suppose so," he replied blankly. Daphne noticed his reluctance, but said nothing of the matter and kissed him quickly on the mouth. He could feel her red lipstick tainting his lips and he carefully licked it away, trying not to grimace at the horrid taste. "Come," she tugged on his arm in the direction of the door. "My parents will be here any moment." He allowed her to lead him downstairs into the foyer, where Narcissa and Lucius were greeting Daphne's parents. The two families appeared elegant, refined and well dressed, speaking volumes about their wealthy, Pureblood ancestry. Narcissa looked up as the young, betrothed couple approached and beamed at them. "Ah, Draco, darling. Glad you could join us so soon." She rushed forward and pulled her son into a soft embrace, and Draco tried to return the same warmth. But as rested his chin against his mother's shoulder, he was lost in a pair of deep brown eyes. His breath caught in his throat and he hastily pulled away from Narcissa and cast his eyes to the floor. "Happy Birthday, Draco," cooed Naomi Greengrass, Daphne's mother. The small, dark haired woman came forward and kissed his cheek fondly. "It is so good of you to invite us here to celebrate. We apologise for bringing Astoria along, but Daphne insisted." Draco's eyes quickly flashed to said sister and his throat suddenly became dry. A vision in a simple, indigo dress, Astoria gave him a small smile which lit up her entire face. Her expressive brown eyes were framed elegantly by her dark brown curls, and the lighting showed off the cluster of tiny freckles that decorated her perfect nose. She looked beautiful. He felt Daphne's grip on his arm tighten and he hastily looked away before addressing Naomi. "It was no problem, Ma'am," he replied smoothly, as though nothing had happened. "I am glad to share this day with you and your family." Naomi nodded. "Well, it was only fitting, seeing as we will soon become your family." She locked eyes with her daughter, and Daphne giggled and wrapped her arm around Draco's waist. "Of course," Narcissa agreed heartily. "And what a fine family we will make. Would you care to adjourn to the sitting room for some tea, Naomi, darling?" "I think that is smart, Narcissa. We should leave the young ones to themselves." The two women, followed by their astute husbands, soon left the foyer, leaving Draco, Daphne and Astoria alone. Daphne embraced her sister fondly. "Oh, Tori, so glad you could make it. Draco was quite convinced you wouldn't, weren't you, darling?" Draco nodded stiffly and averted his gaze. If Astoria had been affected by his presence like he was, she didn't show it. She was as refined and as gracious as ever, embracing her sister warmly and kissing her cheek. "Of course I would make it, Daphne," she replied pleasantly. "What else could I possibly have to do on a Sunday afternoon?" Daphne beamed and slunk her arm through Draco's. "Come, dear sister. The others should be arriving soon. There's much to prepare!" The three of them retired to the sitting room, where Narcissa and Naomi were in deep conversation about the wedding. Draco couldn't help the groan that escaped his lips at the mention of his wedding, and he subconsciously flicked his eyes toward Astoria. Hers met his for a brief moment and there was a clear warning in them to keep his distance, but also a hint of desire. Daphne flittered to her mother's side and began gushing about flowers and decorations and other trivial matters. Her enthusiasm about the wedding was annoying to say the least, and he wanted nothing more than to forget about it. The women were soon overwhelmed in discussion and Draco sat idly by them, tapping his long, pale fingers against the soft leather of the sofa. As always, Daphne had turned a celebration for him into something about her and he felt bitterly frustrated about it. It was meant to be his birthday, and once again, he was forced to partake in boring conversation about a wedding he had no hand in. "My, I have worked up quite an appetite," declared Narcissa after a moment. Naomi nodded in agreement. "Astoria, why don't you go and fetch the slice that Beezy made for me? I'm sure we would all enjoy some of that." Astoria made to stand, when Narcissa interrupted. "Draco, go with her please. We can't have our guests waiting on us. It would be bad manners." "Of course, mother," Draco said, nodding his head, and he stood up and accompanied Astoria into the kitchen. They were completely alone and the heat between them was almost unbearable. Astoria was mysteriously silent and refused to look at him as she opened the tin of slice and began to dish it out on a silver platter. As Draco reached for the cutlery, their fingers brushed together and he twitched at the jolt of electricity that ran up his arm. He heard her gasp a little and she drew her hand back quickly, staring at him with wide eyes. She looked so beautiful in that moment, with her dark eyes shining and her mouth slightly open. Draco felt a surge of affection for her and quickly closed the distance between them. Their lips brushed lightly, but Astoria pushed him away in horror before he had a chance to deepen the kiss. "Draco!" she hissed. "What do you think you are doing?" He ran a hand through his silky, blonde locks and stared deep into her eyes. "I can't help it, Astoria. This connection between us is too intense – surely you feel it too." A delicate blush coloured her pale cheeks and she averted her eyes. "I don't know what you are talking about," she told him. "You're engaged to my sister." He put his fingers underneath her chin and forced her to look at him. "That may be so, but she's not the woman I love." Astoria brushed his hands away forcefully and turned her back to him. "Don't, Draco. You don't know what you're saying." She made to leave when he gripped her arm and pulled her towards him. Their faces were inches from each other and he could feel the warmth of her breath washing over his lips. "Don't I, Astoria?" he asked icily, his voice making shivers erupt on the back of her neck. "I think I know perfectly well what I'm saying. And I think you feel it too. I know you can." "Draco..." she protested, but he only gripped her arm tighter, forcing her to stay. "Don't lie to yourself, Astoria. Let yourself feel what I feel." He bent lower and brushed his lips against her ear, making her jump. "Give in to me." "Think of Daphne," she whispered, her voice breathy from lust. It made him smirk that he had such an effect on her. "She loves you, Draco. I will not be so cruel as to ruin her happiness. She's my beloved sister." "And what about your happiness, Astoria? What about mine? Doesn't that count for something?" Astoria pulled back and picked up the silver tray laden with the dessert. As she reached the door, she turned back to face him. "No," she told him firmly. "It doesn't." The rest of the evening blurred together for Draco. Blaise, Pansy, Theodore and Goyle soon arrived and the party flowed relatively smoothly. Draco was showered with gifts and praise, which he enjoyed, though he kept stealing glances across the table at Astoria. She purposefully ignored him, which only made him more frustrated, and he soon turned sour as the night went on. Daphne seemed to notice his frequent glances at her younger sister and curled her hand protectively around her fiancé's arm. Her long, red fingernails dug into the skin every time she caught him staring at her, but Draco was too preoccupied to pay attention. Blaise stayed a little longer than the rest of them, while Pansy, Theodore and Goyle ventured home. Immediately, Daphne took Blaise's full focus with proclamations about the wedding and Draco took this opportunity to converse with Astoria. Daphne's loud, high pitched voice echoed loudly about the room, blanketing their conversation. "You can't ignore me forever, Astoria," he told her, his voice soft and deep. She stared purposefully down at her lap and wrung her hands together nervously, desperately trying to prove him wrong. Her determination was quite endearing and Draco couldn't help the smirk that pulled at his lips. "Don't pull that poker face, Tori. You're too sweet for that." He laughed