My newest story: Here's Looking at You, Kid . This one's gonna be chapter story! Heads up, when I get busy, I usually don't have time to write, so chapters can be few and far between. But don't be discouraged! That's part of the reason why they're so long. I promise that I know where this is going and that I will eventually finish it (this is why I didn't want to post anything until I had at least completed two chapters). Please read and review. Since this is a chapter story and not a oneshot like pretty much everything else I've written, I most likely will answer reviews promptly (hopefully). Oh, and like it says in the summary, it literally is Casablanca but with Harry Potter. Though I will make a point of saying that it's different from the movie in various ways (I'm not giving it away, sorry). Which means that I have to add this: Disclaimer : I do not own Harry Potter or any of its subsequent works, nor do I own Casablanca . I'm not making any money off of this, I swear. So please, J.K. Rowling, Bloomsbury Press, Scholastic Books, Warner Bros., MGM, and anyone else involved: DON'T SUE ME! I don't have any money, so taking legal action against me will benefit no one. Years had passed since Harry Potter had been called "The Boy Who Lived," or "The Man Who Won." No. Now, he was just Harry who ran Harry's Café du Sorcier in Bonifacio, Corsica. His fame wasn't as well known here as it was back in Britain for sure, but there was the odd customer who seemed to recognize him every now and again. Of course, the ones that recognized him never brought it to his attention; that'd be too embarrassing if it wasn't true. At Harry's, every sort was welcome, as long as he wasn't underage and didn't start a scuffle. Some came for the drinks, some for the music, and others for the winnings in the back room's gambling hall. He'd seen many walk through his door: wizards and muggles alike, many of the former were refugees, trying to leave their home countries for one reason or another. Despite the array of customers, Harry never did seem to find a face reminiscent of his Hogwarts days. Of course, he never did tell anyone where he was off to after he defeated Voldemort. He meant to travel the world, become an Auror, get married, and start a family. For a while, it seemed that he was on that track, only for him to wind up here and open up Harry's. He'd seen all sorts, but it seemed that no one really saw him. He was a sort of enigmatic character; he'd be at the bar or in a booth or wandering around downstairs most nights, but no one could affirm that he was Harry Potter, Boy Who Lived and the nightclub's owner. There were some that suspected such things, but no one really knew for sure. Not that he really minded people not recognizing him, but after a while, it became a lonely existence. The only real friends he had in Bonifacio were his employees and the Chief of Police. He'd made acquaintances around town—it'd be bad business if he didn't—but he really lacked something, something he hadn't felt in years and still scared him half to death. It wasn't Voldemort or the fame of his name or even Quidditch. It was…something else. One thing was for sure, though, and that was the resurgence of a new threat in the wizarding world. Yet this time, Harry was absolute in his resolve to not join the fight this time. He'd been through one war, and his parents through another. All they ever seemed to do was bring death to those that did not deserve it. This new enemy wasn't as new to the rest of the world as it was to Harry specifically. It was a sort of collection of individuals internationally that had taken to Voldemort's principles, his global connections. They preyed upon the muggleborns, squibs, "blood-traitors," and the muggles themselves, determined for the rise of the purebloods. In their eyes, Voldemort was something like a martyr. Sure one could argue that it was just a continuation of a job that had chosen Harry long before his birth, but he was done with it. He'd seen enough for one lifetime and would rather not get involved again. Plus, this organization, which had taken root under one Fetije Mërzitaab of Albania, did not have a singular hatred for Harry like Voldemort did, so he was relatively safe. As long as he didn't raise any suspicions in his little hideaway nightclub, no one would have any reason to call him out. And though he had a bias against patrons of his club that happened to be under Mërzitaab's banner, albeit suppressed, they were well-paying customers and rarely started fights. After all, Bonifacio was a place for vacationers and refugees, not at all a place for wars; it was neutral ground by any government. The problem, however, was in transportation. Due to the uneasiness and threat of an international war, many wizarding governments disabled their transportation branches, including the Floo networks, portkeys, and even apparition. Brooms, magic carpets, and muggle transportation were the only ways to traverse the world now. Unfortunately, this left many witches and wizards stuck in corners of the globe like Bonifacio, waiting for formal identification papers and permissions from their governments to travel. Some, by luck, wealth, or influence may have been lucky to escape this paradise of a prison, but many others were just stuck waiting, and waiting, and waiting. Tonight, just like any other night, Harry descended from his flat above the club to join the frenzy. And as always, he wore a three-piece suit of black and white with a black bowtie and black Oxfords to seal the deal. No one usually noticed him; they were all too busy with their own booze, smoke, and money. He saw a few of the regulars in their unofficial designated spots as he crossed the joint to the bar. At the front door, he noticed his bouncer Jimmy keeping one of the underage girls out; night after night, a few of them came to the club with the hopes of one day entering the liveliest place this side of the Mediterranean. Jimmy was a tall, hefty man with biceps the size of a Quaffle and a love for wearing fedoras. Even though he was a muggle, he sure was handy to have in a fight, not to mention that his stature and muscles alone intimidated even the most skilled wizards. Sitting at the bar provided Harry with much of the same commentary he had heard for the past two years: Two wizards sitting at a table, discussing their situation: "I'll never get out of this hole!" A woman trying to pawn off a diamond ring to a seedy-looking man with a grimace spread across his face: "I'm sorry, madam, but diamonds here don't hold as much value as they would in say, Copenhagen. They're a dime a dozen here and worth little more than spilt wine." A vivacious and very drunk woman trying to woo one of Harry's oldest regulars: "Come on, darling, take me out for a spin on the dance floor!" When Emil, Harry's resident bartender, came over to where his boss was sitting, he took out a tumbler and poured him a minimal amount of Firewhiskey, not even needing to take Harry's order. Emil was a Spanish wizard that had come to Corsica to escape from his overbearing family. Eventually, he wound up in Bonifacio with gambling debts so large, several gangs wanted his head. And by sheer dumb luck or the grace of God, he had found Harry just in time, who was gracious enough to give him a job and arrange with the gangs to give Emil more time to pay off his debts. Tonight, he owed less than two hundred galleons. "Emil, how well have we been doing tonight?" Harry asked. "Very well, boss. We've made about hundred galleons so far on my end, and even more in Francs." Emil then bent closer to Harry and whispered almost conspiratorially, "Though I suggest you inspect the back room. From what I've heard from several patrons, we might lose half of tonight's earnings from roulette alone." "Thank you, Emil." Harry knocked back the rest of his Firewhiskey and sauntered towards his gambling hall. He then spotted his portly and bespectacled head waiter, Johann, briskly entering the back room and just barely caught the exchange between him and one of the women surrounding the roulette table: "Waiter?" she called. "Ja, Madame?" Johann answered. "Would you be a doll and ask if Harry would join my girlfriends and me for a round of bourbon?" "I am very sorry," he stated in a thick German accent, "but Herr Harry does not drink with customers. I have never seen him do that, never." "Well, isn't that a shame, girls," the woman said to her surrounding friends. Harry couldn't resist, "You know," he said to the woman as he walked up behind her, "I don't think anyone's ever seen this 'Harry.' I mean, have you? Do you know what he looks like?" She pouted for a bit as she thought. "No, come to think of it, I haven't. But he's got to exist, hasn't he? Someone's got to own this place, right?" "Yes, but whoever owns it might not even be named 'Harry.' The owner, whoever he or she is, perhaps just likes the name." "Now that isn't right! All the staff here talks about him like he's their real boss! That's got to count for proof." "Maybe, but he might also turn out to be a recluse, like one of those Jay Gatsby types. That would certainly explain why he never comes down to drink." This is fun , Harry thought. He hadn't beat around the bush with a customer in a few months and he'd decided that had been far too long. Thinking for a moment, the woman tentatively asked, "You don't know him, do you?" Harry sniggered internally before replying, "I think I may have met him once when the establishment was new. From what I can remember, he's a bit of a tosser; way too high and mighty to check in on his own pub now and again." Just then, Johann, laden with tray and all, came over to him and said, "Herr, you're needed at the front. Frauline Valerie wishes to speak with you." As Harry left, he could just see the look of realization spreading across the woman's face. Well, that'll keep the legends going , he thought with a smile. Valerie was the receptionist and book keeper, not to mention a very beautiful Frenchwoman. She managed the payroll and finance's for the club. She also worked with Jimmy in granting entrance to the esteemed pub. She was the brains, Jimmy was the muscle, but they still answered to Harry. "So, what seems to be the problem, angel?" Harry asked as he approached her station. She pointed at Jimmy, who was currently holding back an angry Slavic man. One glance at his approach of entry told Harry that he was a muggle. Jimmy, catching sight of Harry, raised his eyebrows, as if to ask what he should do with the struggling man at the door. All Harry had to do was shake his head before Jimmy said, "I'm sorry, sir, but this is a private room." Outraged, the Slav demanded entrance, "How dare you offend me! I've traveled across the globe and have been accepted into all sorts of establishments! And none so low as this…this saloon!" Suddenly, a small and familiar Corsican tried to wheedle his way into the club. Though initially blocked by the Slav, he managed to squeeze through. "Hey!"