Disclaimer:- I neither own nor own anything from this story. My plot is my own but the world of Harry Potter is the intellectual property of JK Rowling and associates. oOo A/N:- Welcome to my new story. This will be a fairly short story, but I hope you will enjoy it. Thank you to my beta, Golden Asp, for her work on this chapter. oOo Chapter One – Her Arrival Severus Snape watched the hooded witches approaching his house from the bay window in his study. It was twilight on the day after Christmas, and Minerva McGonagall was delivering a mystery woman he had agreed to employ to his house. Minerva had told him that there were extenuating circumstances and that the witch had a small child, but Snape was shocked to see that she was limping badly. She was leaning heavily on a walking stick as they entered the paved area in front of the manor, and he wondered what the so-called 'extenuating circumstances' were. Then his eyes panned across to the small child whose hand she was holding tightly. The child was tiny and so rugged up against the cold that he could not tell if it was male or female, and Minerva had not mentioned it, apart from telling him that it existed. Other than that the only thing he knew was that this was all very hush hush, and that Minerva had been adamant that he was the best person to help them - Hogwarts had told the Bloody Baron so. Then his lip curled into a sneer. It was an expression that his features seldom wore these days, but talk of his so-called duty could do it. This was probably some rot that the castle had dreamed up to get him involved again. He hated the term 'Master of Hogwarts'. It was a title that the castle had deemed him the owner of, regardless of whether in the true state of things he considered that Minerva the legal owner of it as the next head in line after Albus. He had known that Albus had been the last castle master, but he'd always considered his own appointment as headmaster to have been unlawful, as he had been ordered into it by corrupt officials. He had decided as soon as he'd taken the placement that if he survived the war that he would simply hand the responsibility on to the rightful person, Minerva, and if he didn't survive then it would not have mattered. However, Hogwarts had had other ideas. He sighed. Twelve years had gone by since he'd found that piece of information out. Magic was an irritating thing sometimes; it did not take personal preferences into consideration, and it could be a veritable force of nature in itself. It simply matched things up and deemed them possible. The castle called Hogwarts had saved him from dying in that wretched shack and had then told him in no uncertain terms that he was its master and that it would provide for him. At the time, after everything he had been through in his thirty seven years of life, that was a step too far. Why hadn't the castle offered him any assistance before this? Just like everyone else, it had watched on as he'd been tormented mercilessly by Gryffindor bullies who had been sanctioned by the then headmaster. He'd lost the witch he loved, then tied himself to a madman, and it had not done a thing while he had lost everything. All he'd wanted after the war was the same as he wanted now, and that was a quiet peaceful existence now that he'd managed to survive everything, and he had not tolerated the interference of a sanctimonious castle, no matter how magical it was. "What the bloody hell do you mean by that?" he remembered ranting, sneering viciously at his house ghost delivering the news to him, as all the other ghosts were lined up around him nodding their non-corporal heads as well. Well, he'd not agreed, and he'd cut ties with them all immediately. "I will not be controlled by anyone ever again. I have paid my dues!" And it was true, he had, and he apparated away without another word. No one was going to tell him that he'd be remaining at the head of Hogwarts, in the public eye, when he had been trapped there against his will already for twenty years. No, he had not tolerated that, that had been asking too much, and Snape had gone into hiding. Disappeared completely. He had survived his parents, his schoolyard bullies, both his so-called masters, the near fatal attack by one master's magically enhanced killer snake, his trial for the 'compassionate' euthanasia of the other master, and only true friend at the time. Then, as well as all that, he'd weathered the media storm about his private memories when the idiot he'd given them to had leaked their contents to the ruling gossip mag before said trial, thinking he was helping. Bleeding heart, Gryffindors , he scoffed to himself, even after all these years he still thought that most Gryffindors were a waste of space. His disappearance had not been difficult to organise, and he smiled to himself remembering his thoughts at the time. Not only was he the supposed master of Hogwarts, but he was also a master of subterfuge, and an incredibly powerful wizard, and he had truly believed that he could have simply disappeared and no one would have cared. He glanced at Minerva McGonagall and sighed. She'd chased him; she'd apologised for what she'd been unaware of, and she had proven that while she might not be as powerful or the master of the castle that she had equalled his stealth with dogged determination to find him and set things right. She'd tracked him down. It had taken her two years, and much exasperation while she was also tackling the task of getting Hogwarts back on its feet, but her persistence had paid off, and he now counted the stern old witch as one of the few people he trusted, which is why he was allowing her to install this witch and her offspring in his house. Snape continued to watch the pair of witches as they stopped to greet his care-taker, who had been in fact, the old Hogwarts caretaker. He smiled slightly. It must have grated on Minerva to know that she was inferior to me in so many ways, but I give her credit, she has made it work . The castle accepted her as headmistress because she'd used some Slytherin guile and assured it that she was acting on behalf of the master , and his smile grew slightly. The castle had accepted this deception, and when Minerva had finally found him, after some months of thrust and parry, they'd struck up a deal that at present was still working perfectly. Only three people knew the details of that deal, but that was all who needed to know. Minerva would run Hogwarts, and he would come if the castle deemed it necessary, but otherwise he would remain out of things, and he was allowing himself to consider what would happen when Minerva couldn't be headmistress anymore. He was certain that was many years away yet Over the years, apart from the obligatory balls, the castle had only demanded his presence three times. However, this last time, the magical building had been very cloak and dagger. Speaking, as it always did, through the Bloody Baron—some ghosts could communicate with it, something Snape had not known—it had informed him enigmatically that he should give this witch and her child shelter as they were important to his future. Mind you, neither the castle nor Minerva would tell him why, how or who the witch actually was. He was starting to suspect that she might be someone from his past, but who? All Minerva told him smugly, was that she had great skill where books and research were concerned. "I'm certain you will grow to like her, Severus," the elderly Gryffindor had said as they'd sat in her office taking tea two days earlier. He had agreed that someone with book-binding skills would be very useful to him. There were many books in his vast library that required work to maintain them. In fact, it would be years of work that he did not have time for. He sighed, as he watched old Filch greeting the new comer. It was immediately obvious that the old caretaker recognised the mystery witch, and Severus saw shock register on the old man's face. Taking a moment to survey the snow-covered yard from his vantage point in his study, the Potions master tried to digest this piece of information before turning his dark eyes back to the small party that had almost made it to the front door now. His mind was becoming greatly troubled. I'm definitely missing something , he thought as he glanced at Filch leaning on his broom with his cat winding around his ankles, still watching the witches as they were admitted into the house by Blotchy the head house elf. Severus' eyes returned to the caretaker for a moment. After the war, Argus Filch had been the first person, after himself, to come and reside here. The old caretaker had often come to Severus' aid during those dark spying years when he'd returned to Hogwarts too injured to make it back to his quarters, and Argus had either assisted him there or summoned Albus or Poppy Pomfrey. So when the elderly squib needed a place to retire, Severus offered the old man and his cat rooms off the kitchen where a butler had once lived. He still insisted on executing the duties of a caretaker, wandering the grounds and sweeping the snow off the front path every morning, and the corner of Severus' mouth turned up slightly as he took the back stairs down to his sitting room to await the arrival of his guests. Argus didn't know that Severus made his job easy for him, assisting him in unseen ways, and it was best if he didn't know too. xox Now, it should be apparent to you by now, dear reader, that the wizard called Severus Snape is not the same man as the wizard who had been cast into the 'bat of the dungeons' persona during the war. Over the years since the war, he had been gradually putting to rest his façade from that time. All of the anger and bitterness had slowly leeched away as the years went by, and a calm peace was now in their place. He'd had quiet successes with academic papers and new potions, and the only thing he was now was lonely. He had never found that special person to share his life with, even though he'd gathered a rag-tag family along the way, from Filch and his cat to the house elves he'd rescued. Every one he took in had one thing in common, they had no one else anymore. He rounded the corner and came through the door of the sitting room just in time to hear a little voice say, "Mummy, twee!" "Yes, Alice, it's beautiful, isn't it?" Well, that solves that question, the child is a girl, Severus thought, but then his brain stuttered to a complete stop when he saw the witch behind Minerva. Before him stood a goddess holding an angelic child with black curls and big brown eyes on her hip. He saw shock register on the witch's face and she gasped, but Snape was still cataloguing the woman's swan-like neck and graceful curves, along with her mane of chestnut curls caught up in a loose bun, her expressive hazel eyes and her bow-like mouth. Then his brain started to shudder into life once more, and he realised that he was looking at an adult Hermione Granger. He glanced at