Hunger games- The careers- Love and Envy- Chapter 1- Cato was stretched out on the long sofa looking at a glass chandelier shaking on the train's high ceiling. He could hear the rattle of the tiny glass striking off each other. He lay there with his manly gripping hands behind his head blanking everything. Cato was determined to win the games; he had trained his whole life for this, in district 2 since the age of 4 he had been trained for this moment. This year. It was his last year to compete for this so he had the most possible training he could have. "This train goes at 200 miles per hour and you can barely feel a thing" Clove said trying to start some conversation but he didn't acknowledge her in the slightest. She was staring out the long stretched window only seeing blurry shades of green go by. Once centring her reflection she fixed her brunette hair by pushing hair behind her ear and turned to face Cato. She walked over to him grabbing a remote placed next to him which turned a massive screen onto a wall creating a projection. He continued looking mindlessly as Clove observed the other districts tributes at the reapings. After Clove flicked through them one caught Cato's eye. He quickly got up and requested that Clove went back "Hey skip back a couple, district 1 I think" He asked as he examined the screen more closely. "You seem very eager to see this, why exactly?" she flirtatiously said He gazed at the screen to see a stunning, tall, golden haired girl with the most unique emerald eyes and a perfect hourglass figure smiling with another tribute. He had never seen someone quite like her. His face was speechless. She was the definition of beauty. "Because of that" he said with amazement "Just another pretty face I bet, she probably won't make it past the bloodbath" Clove said with jealously. She had known Cato his whole life and never seen him so interested in a girl, most annoyingly an attractive one. Cato had always flirted with her, she never expected someone to come between that. Once grabbing the remote He kept rewinding her walk up to the stage with the sexiest, seductive smile on her face. "Who is this girl?" he keenly asked Clove rolled her eyes whilst crossing her arms with disapprovement and shrugged her shoulders "Why are you so interested? You're going to have to kill her eventually Cato" "Whatever" . He continued to watch as she grabbed hands with the other tribute as he gave the beauty a kiss. A small streak of jealousy went through him but he knew he would get that girl somehow. On the train close behind them were Marvel and Glimmer who were sitting crossed legged on a large king-size bed. The train had a separate bedroom for each of the tributes. Marvel and glimmer had known each other since they were little. Being in the luxurious district 1 they had a good upbringing and have been well trained. Marvel and Glimmer's families were also extremely close; Marvels family had intentions of Glimmer eventually being married into theirs. They were sitting close to each other throwing projector remote back and forth laughing. Glimmer stopped and lay down facing Marvel "Who would have thought? Us two being chosen for the games?" Glimmer said in her seductive voice. He turned on his back looking into her distinctive emerald green eyes and grinned "You are so lucky to be here with me" he said sarcastic tone. She gently nudged him on the shoulder and did her flawless smile "Hey I'm kidding; I promise I will look after you" "Only because you're family want me alive "she joked "I'm determined we can win, wouldn't want a beautiful face like that damaged" "You haven't seen the other tributes and you are already sounding extremely confident" "We are from district 1 glimmer, we are luxury" "Need I say no more?" "Whatever" "Besides you and I make a power couple, don't forget that" They then shared a passionate moment. Marvel had always admired Glimmer (as did many boys) and he thought that the hunger games would be a good chance for them to connect along with getting sponsored. He leaned in and played with her long golden hair twisting it round his fingers. He deeply looked into her eyes. Glimmer was stunned by this. Unexpectedly there was a knock at the door from their mentor Cashmere looking startled to what she walked in on "Come on you too, time to get ready!" she said clapping "chop chop, that's enough flirting for one day" she screeched They both got up and glanced at each other. Gloss guided marvel out to the right side while Cashmere took Glimmer out the other way. They were going to get ready for the tribute parade. Chapter 2- "Aghhh" Glimmer screamed as the wax strips is removed from her legs. She turned over onto her side to see beauticians working on her appearance. They wanted to sell her as hot, as flirtatious and as perfection. They wanted boys of Panem to adore her. She couldn't disagree as she needed all the sponsors I could get. She assumed that Marvel wants to be star cross lovers by the way he looked at her in my room last night. He is frightened that he won't be liked by the public. They placed heavy dark lashes on her eyes complimenting the aqua shades of shadow. They helped her up and placed a long mirror in front of her "You look amazing!" one of the beauticians said. She spun to see her behind. They had her in this revealingly tight jade dress. A shame she didn't feel amazing. Glimmer smiled to them thanking them as they rushed her down a dark corridor getting ready to be placed in a large golden chariot. A hand lifted her up into the chariot. This strong hand being Marvel. He gazed at the long astonishing body appreciating the flattering curves she had. "You look wow!" "Wow?" "I mean hot" She rolled her eyes Before she knew it the chariot was off. Coming from a large bronze gate were thousands of shining lights and faces cheering them on. It took a while for her to get her vision back from all the glows and beams directing at her. Marvel grabbed her hands and raised it up in the air. "What are you doing?" she whispered "The crowds love this!" "They love attractive couples together!" he continued with his winning smile. Glimmer played along looking sexy and desirable but inside she feeling weak. "Anddd here come district 1! Look at them two together! Adorable aren't they? On the left is the fearsome and handsome Marvel! He was brought up in the luxuries of the power-house academy alongside his partner on the right is the essence of beauty, have you seen her? The most stunning and sexy tribute around, it's Glimmer!" People start chanting district 1 to them. Glimmer hears men whistling to her. She quickly lets go of Marvels tight gripping hand "What the hell glimmer? They love us! Pass me your hand" "No" "It wasn't a question" Marvel then gives her a massive kiss on the cheek and the crowd goes even louder. Behind them were Cato and Clove from district 2. Their theme was warriors and gladiators dressed up in gold looking powerful. Cato was more interested on what was going on in chariot 1 than Clove's wining. "Cato" she asked "Cato," "Cato!" she angrily whispered shoving him on the arm. She saw where he was directly looking, at that was straight in front to Glimmer. Clove's body filled up with jealousy as he saw him staring directly to her body, mainly focusing on her bum. "What's your problem?" "Once you've finished staring at Blondie over there" "I wasn't staring, simply looking" he protested "Well looks like her and Marvel have got a thing going, did you not see that kiss on the cheek" "It's just for show I bet, besides I bet I'm stronger, his muscles don't even look that toned" "Hmm I'm not sure" she grinned slyly "He is pretty hot" Cato's face turned to annoyance "Then again all the district 1 tributes are" "Just think of all them boys at home hoping she'll survive just to get a piece of her" "Shut up clove, you're only jealous because you don't get that attention" "Jealous. Of her? Yeah right" But deep down she knew she was They then continued smiling as the crowds called their names, and they both waved holding hands. "Anddd here com district 2 looking more powerful than ever! On the chariots left you have the sly, the sleek clove! She is feisty one with her knives, keeping other tributes of her toes! At the age of 14she has put a lot of work in to nominate her this year! And on the left we have the macho, the masculine Cato who is a shoe in to win! I'm sure he has broken a few hearts at home, maybe he'll break some more in the games, literally" The crowds went wild. Glimmer turned round when Cato's name was mentioned her ears tuned in as he was considered the sure winner. Cato gave a suggestive wink at her which she couldn't help not smile at. Chapter 3- The next day was the first day at training. Cato was flirting with Clove getting her hopes up. He always led her on. Cato was standing in the training room when Glimmer first walks in. His heart stops as he sees her in an all-black, tight fitted uniform with her hair tied up in a high ponytail. Cato's thoughts in his head were mixed up of what to say to her. "Can you not drool please?" Clove sarcastically said Next to Glimmer was Marvel glancing around the room looking for alliances. Cato then looked to find all the other district boys were speechless over her too. Glimmer stood still with Marvel by her side and glanced at Cato. She thought to herself about how attractive he was. He was tall with incredible muscles and light blonde, spikey hair. Marvel instantly felt threatened by him. All the tributes huddled round a trainer as she begins to talk about dying from natural causes. Clove kept looking over at Glimmer with a gloomy look on her face. She purposely nominated herself for the hunger games just so she could spend time with Cato; she was only 14 giving her less of an advantage. Cato and Glimmers eyes locked when the trainer said "Only one district can win, kill or be killed." A smirk appeared on both their faces. Without even saying a word to each other they both knew they had chemistry. She dismissed them all to the stations to start training. Of course district 1 and district 2 were next to each other. First up was Glimmer. She stood completely still getting herself in the right head frame. Cato For a moment paused to watch this unbelievably stunning girl's strength. She was a capable fighter; she could high kick and punch superb. Her aims on targets were outstanding. She could aim bows and hit the target very close to the centre. All the male tributes stopped just to see her climb a high wall. Glimmer hit a target perfectly right next to Cato "Impressive" "Thanks" "For district 1" he arrogantly said. Glimmer simply rolled her eyes and aimed for her next bow. He overthought whether he should have said that so instead he just flexed his muscles and made them noticeable "Anything else?" She slowly said as she fired the arrow just off the target "You do realise I'm from district 2" the words slipped out his mouth "Well I did" he paused as he looked incredibly pleased "but I was shocked at how easily you