Author's Note : I'm pretty new to reading fanfiction, but so far every non-comedy fanfic that I have read has either had a problem-to-solve kind of plot or a explaining-their-emotions kind of one. When I started working on this fic I didn't have one of those plots, and I still don't. I just felt like writing a series on what goes on with Merry and Pippin after they're both married, without one major problem to solve during the series. The question is, is this even interesting? Is it interesting to read a number of fics about their lives where there's no common plot or problem? Please read and review this first part and tell me what you think! Remember that I'm new to this, I've only written a few things before, and I might have some factual errors here and there which are because I haven't read that much of the appendix. Some mentionings of things that have happened in the past will be further developed later. And please don't review and tell me "Merry had no children", because even though they were left out from his family tree the appendix does state that he had at least one son. And btw, when degrees are mentioned it is always degrees Celcius! Disclaimer : The characters and places from LotR belong to JRR Tolkien. * * * "Estella, are you really sure?" Rose Gamgee said with a sigh. "It would be so much better for you if you just stayed inside!" "Yes I'm sure" Estella said with a laugh and wrapped her scarf around her. "I will just be right out here." "When I expected Elanor, I took it very easy the last few weeks" Rose said with a frown. "And your baby seems to be a lot bigger. Running about outside is not good for you." "I promise I won't be running" Estella said. "But a little fresh air won't do me any harm." "All right" Rose said, caving with a sigh. "But if I look out that window and see you trying in any way to help the lads out with their business, you're grounded until the baby arrives." Estella smiled and went outside. She had a strong feeling Rose would stand by the window the entire time, making sure she didn't put strain on herself. Estella found that completely unnecessary, she knew Merry would never let her lift a finger to help them out in her current condition anyway. But her once so careless friend Rose had become much more troubled in the past years, and she had now easy to worry. Estella walked across the grass leading up to the apple trees where Merry and Pippin were busy picking apples. Diamond was running back and forth with baskets, constantly picking up ones full of apples and returning with them emptied. Estella wished she could help out, but she knew she couldn't. Rose had remarked that she should take this opportunity to rest, because she wouldn't get much rest done once the baby was born. But Estella wasn't much for just sitting around doing nothing. "Looks like we're getting a lot of apples this year" she remarked as she approached the tree. "Indeed it looks that way" Pippin grinned from a tree branch, carelessly throwing the apples he picked down into a basket. "Peregrin!" Diamond angrily cried out as she came back with an empty basket. "Get down from there! Hobbits don't belong in threes." "Sorry" Pippin said with another grin, and tossed another apple into the basket. "And do not throw the apples like that, you ruin them!" "But darling, how else are we to reach the apples that are higher up, if one of us don't climb up here?" Pippin asked. "We let them fall to the ground when they're ready, and then feed them to the animals" Diamond said. "Like Hobbits always do." "Well if they're going to fall down anyway and be fed to the animals, what does it matter if I ruin them by tossing them into baskets?" Pippin asked. "Merry!" Diamond said, picked up another basket and left. That was the standard, when Pippin managed to twist things about so that she didn't know what to say or do, she let Merry take over. Merry smiled and shook his head at Pippin as Diamond left. He picked another apple and handed it to Estella. "They look fine, but do they taste fine?" he asked her. "Delicious" she said after taking a bite. "We'll be sure to send some with Rosie then" Merry said. "That Sam out of all Hobbits should be without an apple tree puzzles me." "Why would he need one, if he wants apples we give him apples" Pippin commented from his branch. "Here" Merry said, and handed Estella another apple. "Go give this to Rosie. A tasty hint of the apples that are to come." "You just want me back inside, don't you?" Estella remarked. "Not at all" Merry said. "In fact, I hope you come back after giving her the fruit. As much as I enjoy a nice warm hobbit hole, on a day like today there is no place like outside." Estella gave him a warm smile and started to walk back to the hole. In the corner of her eye she saw Pippin finally jumping down from his branch, only to have Merry climb up there instead. She quickly turned around. "Merry!" she yelled. She hated when he climbed trees, she constantly worried that he would fall and hurt himself. "Let me know what Rosie thinks of the apples!" he called back, ignoring her angry tone of voice. Estella sighed and went back inside. She felt in no way up for the challenge of getting him down from that tree. She handed Rosie the apple and they sat down together. "The apples are nice this year" Estella said. "Yes" Rose said. "These will make good pies." "Indeed they will" Estella said with a chuckle. "And I can bet that the lads will be expecting pie for this evening. I think those two could eat one giant pie made out of all these apples, all in one meal, by the two of them." "Yet they never seem to grow around the waist" Rose commented. "They are the only two Hobbits I know who instead have grown in height at their ages." "Merry won't explain that to me, though I am really curious over how that can be" Estella said thoughtfully, biting her apple. "With a father like Merry your child is likely to be big" Rose pointed out. "You really need to rest and save your strength, for it is going to be a hard delivery." "Like you said yourself Rose, they grew taller just a few years ago" Estella said. "Merry was no taller than any other Hobbit before. So why should the child be?" "You're bigger than I was when I expected Elanor" Rose said. "Or Frodo. Or any of them." "It will be all right" Estella said. "You really ought to relax and save strength" Rose said with a sigh. "But being outside is my relax" Estella said. "To be with them… When they're outside working and I'm in here doing nothing, I can't relax anyway wondering what they're doing and what they're saying. I want to be there, to hear the stories and jests, and to at least observe their tasks if I can't help them. And I can't ask them to do indoor things, the apples need to be picked now, and then there are the cherries and the pears and the currants…" Rose didn't reply and Estella didn't continue. They sat in silence for a while, until Estella had finished her apple. Then she slowly got up, it was not so very easy these days, and returned outside. She noticed that both Merry and Pippin were down on the ground by now, and the tree seemed empty of apples. "That was fast!" Estella remarked in surprise. "How did you manage so fast?" "We have our secrets" Merry said with a smirk. "And whether or not you noticed, you've been gone for about half an hour." "And we've got seven more trees to relieve of their apples" Pippin said. "I'm beginning to believe Sam was on the right track with not having apple trees." "You say that every year," Estella commented, "and yet I've never seen anyone so fond of apple pie." She glanced over at Merry. "Although Pippin I must say you're not the worst apple eater at Crickhollow. I should say it's a good fortune we have so many trees, or Merry would have eaten them all before winter!" * * * Not until dusk fell did Estella decide to go back inside. Diamond was already inside, probably helping Rosie with her youngest child. Rose had given birth to her fifth child a few months back, a lad they had named Pippin, and she had felt he was too young to be apart from his mother for a longer period of time. Nobody knew how long it would be before the first child would arrive at Crickhollow, Rose had already stayed there for five days and she knew it could be weeks before she could go back to Bag End. Estella cast a glance behind her when she heard the lads coming out from the barn. Merry and Pippin seemed to be discussing something, but her wonders why were interrupted by a sudden pain. Having not at all expected it, she sunk down to the ground, and she heard Merry drop whatever he had been holding and come running up to her. He put his hands on her shoulders and kneeled down beside her. "Estella! Are you all right?" "Wait…" she said, and waited until the surprising pain and gone away. "Yes," she then said. "Yes I'm all right." "What happened?" Pippin's voice asked from somewhere behind her. "I… I want Rosie!" Estella said. "Here, up on your feet" Merry said and tried to help her up. She resisted, without really knowing why. "Pippin help me here!" Merry said. Together the two lads got her back on her feet. They started walking back up to the house, Merry with his arms around whatever waist she now had, and Pippin a few steps behind. Estella didn't know what the pain had been for sure, but she had a suspicion. She had never been present for a child's birth, when she had lived at Bag End she had watched the other children while Rosie was in labour. She didn't know what it was supposed to feel like, it occurred to her that no one had told her and she hadn't asked anyone. She knew Rosie feared it would be a hard delivery, and she didn't want to know what that meant. "I'll go get the last basket of fruit" Pippin said and hurried over to one of the apple trees. Merry and Estella stopped to wait for him. "What happened?" Merry asked her. "I'm not sure I know" she said. "Did your legs just give way?" Merry asked. "Don't mind thinking about your herbs and your brews" Estella said. "I don't need it. I'm fine, Merry." "Are you sure? Because there's a--" "I'm fine " Estella said. "There is nothing wrong with my legs." They waited as Pippin picked up the last basket of apples and returned to them, but they had only just started to walk back to their hole again when Estella felt the pain once again. She was more prepared this time, but she could feel herself tense up and she knew Merry would notice it. And just as she'd thought he stopped and eyed her until the pain went away and she relaxed again. "What's wrong?" he asked again. "I think…" she said but then quieted. She didn't want to say the baby was coming in case she was wrong. "Is it the baby? Is something wrong with