Itwas a lovely winter night, but nobody could tell judging by the four characters sitting by the burning fire. The looks on their faces were ill-matched to the clear sky above them, the beautiful lands surrounding them and the warm crackle of the fire. They were out on a meadow, sitting on a pair of logs they had pulled up to their campsite, and anyone would think they would be in a splendid mood. But three of them sported looks that were more sad than happy and the fourth was less enthusiastic than he would have been because of the mood his three companions were in. The four Hobbits had decided to go out on this night before it got too cold to be socially acceptable, winter was just beginning and the other Hobbits of the Shire were not accustomed to sleeping outdoors at all times of the year as these four were. The Battle of Bywater had stood ten days earlier and the War of the Ring was officially over. The journey the four Hobbits had been on had come to its end but they wanted this final evening by a campfire together as a way to mark the ending of their adventure. Usually Hobbits were cheerful beings. But time and toil had changed that for three fourths of this company. Frodo Baggins, who was seated on one of the logs with his Elven cape wrapped tightly around him, had been marked for life from carrying the One Ring. He had survived the task and handled it better than any man could, but the price he had been forced to pay was the qualities which made Hobbits so carefree and fun loving. Right next to him sat Meriadoc Brandybuck with his head leaned on Frodo's shoulder and a deep frown which did not go well with his nickname Merry. He had always been a bit more grave than most Hobbits but he had gotten even more so after the journey. The Black Shadow which had infected him at the Battle of the Pelennor Fields had left its mark on him just as the weight of the Ring had on Frodo. On the other log, staring into the fire but probably not seeing it, sat Pippin Took. If it was the quick brush with the palantír or all the death and sorrow he had seen which had changed him no one knew, but it was clear that he had lost a great deal of the innocence which had made him so jolly and carefree. Pippin had grown up during the journey, more than any of his companions had. Sam Gamgee, the fourth Hobbit in the group, was kneeling on the ground by the fire cooking dinner and making tea according to Merry's instructions. He declined any offers of help; he wanted to cook this last campsite meal for them all by himself as he had often done during the journey. Sam was the only one who was still as much a Hobbit when he returned as when he left. He had a fiancée and bright hopes for the future. But the sight of his three friends so gloomy made it difficult for him to be at high spirits. "Aren't we a sad group?" Merry finally said with a sigh. "Here we are, all our problems solved and all our adventures survived… The Shire is safe once again and we can continue with our lives knowing that there are no worse problems ahead now than a bad harvest or somebody coming down with the flu. And yet all we can do is sit here and mope as if our lives had come to an end." "Speak for yourself" Frodo snorted. "You may be moping my dear Merry but I am at high spirits." "I've seen higher spirits at a funeral" Pippin remarked. Merry made a face and Pippin offered an apologetic smile. Merry still had the funeral of Théoden King in fresh memory and did not wish to be reminded of it. If it was one thing Pippin hadn't lost it was his big mouth which always managed to find the wrong thing to say at the wrong time. "I admire you Sam" Frodo said. "If it wasn't for the three of us looking like we'd lost everything you would be sitting here smiling." "I bet he's thinking of Rosie" Pippin said with a teasing smile. "And I also bet that if it wasn't so dark out we'd see the colour of his cheeks turn exactly that. Rosy." "Now come on Pippin, that's not fair" Sam said with a blush. They all knew very well that he would never dare to tease any of the other three. "I think Sam is on the right track" Merry said. "We all ought to settle down and get married, start our own families… That would be the natural step from this point on. I'm sure that a loving lass to keep your bed warm at night could cure almost any depression." "Perhaps…" Frodo said, not sounding too convinced. "That shouldn't be a problem for you, cousin" Pippin said to Merry with a sideways glance. "Or have you forgotten all about Mimosa Bracegirdle?" "No" Merry sighed. "I haven't." "The fairest lass in three farthings, if not four farthings and Buckland!" Pippin continued. "Running after you, clearly seeking your attention, and it seems like it took her quite a while to get it! Any other lad in the Shire would have gladly given a toe or a finger, excuse me Frodo, to get her attention. And now you have returned and she's waited for you and clearly wants you still, and yet you sit here moaning as if you had no belles at all." "Thank you Peregrin, I said I remembered her" Merry said icily. Sam shrugged his shoulders at the conversation and focused on the cooking. Merry's love life was nothing he considered to be his business and he didn't know anything about what had went on between Merry and Mimosa before they left the Shire. He had known that the two were to be considered an item, and that Merry could think himself lucky for having her attention, but he didn't know anything more than that. They had never spoken of their love lives while out on their journey. It had been easier to forget about those you longed for at home. "What's the matter?" Pippin asked his cousin. "Am I wrong in presuming that she wants you still? Perhaps the longing look I saw her give you when you returned was really just a longing to steal your pony." "Alright Pippin" Frodo said, hoping the two would not begin to quarrel. "Of course I am aware of her affection" Merry said. "Then what is the problem? You just said you wanted a wife… Mimosa is the most coveted maiden around, you know that." "Yes I am aware of how popular she is" Merry said and sat up more straight, wondering how many times he had said the word aware in the past few minutes. "And she is pretty enough, for a Hobbit. I've had a lot of fun with her." "Even though it took you forever to notice her" Frodo commented. Merry chuckled. "Oh I noticed her alright. I just wasn't sure that she was serious about me. I figured if she wasn't really interested she would stop flirting when I didn't give anything back but after more than a year I realised she must care for real. And like I said, we've had a lot of fun together." Pippin couldn't help but laugh, a sound which startled the other three but made them lighter at heart. "Trust you cousin Merry not to notice the affections of a beautiful lass! The whole Shire knew she was head over heels for you long before the two of you became an item." Pippin's laughter spread on to Frodo who gave Merry an elbow in the side which would normally have caused Merry to blush. The subject of Mimosa had always been a bit touchy with Merry and Frodo and Pippin both knew it. Merry didn't like wearing his heart on his sleeve and before you could get him to admit that he was interested in a lass he had probably already been courting her for a few weeks. Though this particular night Merry seemed unfazed by the teasing. "Well we became one at last" he simply said and brushed a strain of hair away from his face. "To my father's great joy. I don't think he would have minded to have Mimosa for a daughter-in-law." "Who would?" Frodo asked. "She seemed awfully intent on being his daughter-in-law" Pippin said and grabbed the plate of food handed to him by Sam. "Once she had you it was clear that she had no intent of letting you go. I really don't understand it, it's not fair! She could have any lad she wanted and she decided that she wanted my boring old cousin. She is closer to my age than to yours Merry, you'd think she'd go after the dashing younger one of us." "Perhaps we should focus on eating our food" Sam said and handed a plate to Frodo. He didn't want them to argue. "I sure wouldn't have minded her affections" Frodo grinned and ignored Sam's comment. He gave Merry another nudge. "And you didn't seem to either. It's harder to get water from a rock than to get information out of you sometimes, but you can't deny that you enjoyed yourself immensely." "How could I not?" Merry said. "Of course I was aware of her beauty and how popular she was, every lad was! And she chose me. It was very flattering. She's an amazing dancer, a funny person to be around and all it takes is a look from her to make you forget that you are in a crowd." Pippin grinned and nodded while chewing his food. Sam just shook his head and sat down next to Pippin with his own dinner on a plate in his lap. "I remember when you first started returning her affection" Frodo said and continued to talk even though he had his mouth full of food. Merry was actually talking about this subject and it had to be milked for all its worth. "People didn't expect it to last longer than a month. They said that Mimosa only wanted you because you were hard to get, and once she had you it was no fun anymore. And they said so with all rights, after all, she has never stayed with a lad for more than a month or two in the past. But by the time I moved to Buckland the two of you had been an item for more than two years." "She must have been so livid when you just left like that without a word of warning" Pippin said, also talking with food on his mouth. "She was expecting you to propose to her any day and you just vanished. I've seen lads get scared when their relationships turn serious, but you really took the price in running!" "I couldn't figure out what was taking you so long" Frodo admitted. "Anybody else would have proposed to her by that time! Especially since everybody was expecting the two of you to marry. But that night at Crickhollow when we made our plans together I realised why you had waited. You didn't want any promises made between the two of you when you were leaving for such a dangerous adventure." Merry neither confirmed nor denied this. He seemed preoccupied with his food and Pippin and Frodo shared a disappointed look. Apparently the topic was closed for discussion. Pippin was however not one to give up so easily. "Forgive me Merry, but there's one thing I've noticed while you've talked of her…" he said. "You keep talking about her in past tense. And you also said