Introduction :For those of you who have followed my previous work, this is not the new series I have been working on (though that one's coming along nicely and will be up within the month I hope). This is a story I sat down and wrote one Friday afternoon when I got some ideas into my head that I wanted to explore. I've always wondered about Frodo's years at Brandy Hall and his connection to Merry. In the early chapters of the book it seems that Frodo and Merry are very good friends, but since they are separated later in the books we find out little more about it. This story is basically my take on how Frodo lived his life after being orphaned, how he got to be friends with Merry and how that might have changed when Pippin came into their lives. It's a bit long, and it jumps back and forth in time, but I hope it will be easy to follow and a good read. It also focuses mainly on Frodo, which is a new thing for me. Unfortunately it might mean the characterization is way off, so Frodo fans, have mercy! I also portrayed him as quite childlike in his early teens. Since Hobbits could live for over 100 years I figured they matured a bit slower than humans. Disclaimer : I don't own the characters, though since I am not using them for profit I hope I can be forgiven. Special thanks : Erestor provided me with some information on Frodo, thanks a million! XXX XXX XXX Frodo Baggins sat in the corner of the room, making himself as small as he could. Not that he didn't want anybody to notice him, but he didn't want to be in the way. Nobody seemed to have time or interest in him at the moment, and it had been like this all day. His cousin Saradoc Brandybuck, 28 years his senior and feeling more like an uncle than a cousin, sat in an armchair by the fireplace reading a book and looking slightly bored. Every so often he would yawn and stretch and Frodo half expected him to go to sleep at any minute. Cousin Saradoc had been sitting in that chair when Frodo came into the sitting room after second breakfast and even though it was getting time for afternoon tea he had still not moved other than to go have something to eat. Frodo's other cousin, Merrimac, had been there earlier in the day, playing with his little son Berilac on the big rug by the fireplace. Frodo liked Merrimac, but he never seemed to have the time to talk to the fourteen year-old Hobbit who was the only Baggins living at Brandy Hall. Merrimac spent most of his time out on the Brandywine River when he wasn't looking after little Berilac, and Frodo was not so keen on going down there. Though he had lived at Brandy Hall all of his life Frodo still felt a bit like a stranger there. He had been moved around a lot, first from the rooms where his parents had lived to a number of different rooms until the decision was made to move him to the Master Halls. Truth be told he didn't feel quite at home in the large Smial which was the home to nearly a hundred Hobbits. There was little room for any privacy, even in private halls, and the place never seemed completely silent. Frodo had made up his mind that when he was old enough he would earn money and buy himself a house where he could live in peace and quiet. Right now though he had to admit that Brandy Hall was quiet. At least these halls were. The only sound heard was the ticking of the clock and Cousin Saradoc turning the pages or yawning. Every now and then Uncle Rorimac, the Master of Buckland and Saradoc's father, would come into the room and pace front and back before the fireplace until Cousin Saradoc gave him a glare and asked him what he was pacing about for. "Why does it take so long?" Rory would say, answering the question with a question. "Settle down" Saradoc would calmly say and turn a page in his book. "You ought to be the one having a hard time settling down" Rorimac would reply and leave the room in a hurry. This scene was repeated on an hourly basis. It was during one of these scenes that Rorimac had told Cousin Merrimac to leave the room and go do more useful things. Frodo kept waiting for the Master to order him out of the room as well but Rorimac didn't even seem to notice that Frodo was there. Saradoc doubtlessly knew but he didn't say anything about it, as if he didn't care. Not that Frodo knew why it would matter; he was sitting there quietly and not disturbing anybody. He was quite bored, but at the same time he didn't want to leave. He spent most of his days in the sitting room, playing or reading some book, it was one of the few rooms he felt really at home in. It was one of the few rooms where everything seemed to be peaceful. XX XX Frodo's first memory was from when he was two years old and his mother insisted upon that he wore a vest. It was a fine occasion and fine dressing was required, but the young Frodo had been in the phase commonly referred to as the "two year terror" and blankly refused to wear the vest. His mother had struggled with him for quite some time, then his father had come to try his hand at it but neither had succeeded. One hour and five relatives later his Uncle Rorimac had ordered him to wear the vest in his best Master-of-Buckland voice and Frodo had been too scared not to do as he was told. The occasion, he had learned when he got older, had been the wedding between Rorimac's oldest son and heir, Saradoc, and Esmeralda Took, youngest daughter of Adalgrim Took, cousin to Fortinbras II who was The Took and Thain of Tuckburough. The marriage was an arrangement which Rorimac and Adalgrim were both very pleased with, especially Adalgrim whose daughter would be climbing up a notch in the social latter. The two marrying youngsters however were not as pleased, something that nobody ever told Frodo but he had no trouble seeing. Saradoc had little liking for the Tooks, they were queer and adventurous and he didn't want any part of such nonsense. To make matters worse his bride was related to the Thain but not as closely as Saradoc felt proper, if he had to marry a Took it could at least be a first hand relative to the only member of the Took family he could put up with. But Fortinbras only had a son, which in Saradoc's mind was a good reason not to marry into the Tooks at all, but in his father's mind meant he should settle for one of Adalgrim's daughters. To top it all off Esmeralda was four years older than him, Saradoc could not stand the thought of having to have a wife who was older than he was. In his mind that was horribly backwards, although his father told him he was old-fashioned and should stop complaining and do as he was told. Esmeralda on her part was no more pleased with having to marry a four years younger Brandybuck, for everybody knew how queer the Brandybucks were. Not only did they spend far too much time out on the Brandywine River, they lived close to the town of Bree and to the Old Forest. They even went in to the Old Forest sometimes, a fact that was just too queer to handle. It was no consolation in Esmeralda's eyes that her future husband was one day going to be Master of Buckland. All that meant was that he was likely to be stuck up and think highly of himself, an indoor Hobbit who probably only stuck his nose outside the door to take a swim in the Brandywine or climb a tree in the Old Forest. Not that Esmeralda knew if the Brandybucks were queer enough to climb trees, but one could only guess! Esmeralda was a farmer's daughter and used to an honest day's work and spending a lot of time outside. Being the Madam of some hall was hardly what she had in mind for her future, organising the workload for others and never doing anything more exciting than mending a shirt for her darling husband or knitting socks for a whole pack of Brandybuck brats. But at least there was a happy couple of parents present at the wedding, and one Frodo Baggins wearing a vest. Frodo had been told when he was older that in the middle of the ceremony he had grown tired of sitting still and shrieked at the top of his lungs. Though she never told him as much, Esmeralda knew she had liked him from that particular instant. Against all protests, both from the young couple and the bored two year-old, Saradoc Brandybuck and Esmeralda Took had become husband and wife in the year 1370, and all of Brandy Hall, with Master Rorimac at head, began to anxiously await the arrival of Saradoc's heir. Ten years later they had all stopped waiting, drawing the conclusion that one of the two love birds was unable to conceive with child, and with the arrival of the Master's younger son's firstborn son they all rejoiced in the knowledge that Buckland was secured for yet another generation, regardless of whether or not Saradoc had a son. Saradoc and Esmeralda knew fully well what was expected of them, but neither did much to help things along the way. True, they had spent each night of their marriage sleeping in the same bed, but most of the time that was all they did. Saradoc did not appreciate the thought of having to have a child that was part Took, and Esmeralda felt the same way about having a child that was part Brandybuck. After ten years Rorimac gave them both a good telling off and ordered them to get working on an heir, and fast. That order made no wonders for the frosty relationship between husband and wife, but they kept silent and did as they were told. Frodo, who had been twelve at the time, knew little of what was going on but knew enough to understand why his cousin Merrimac had a child on the way while Cousin Saradoc remained without any children. Through eavesdropping and a book written by one of the Brandy Hall medics he had found out what it took to conceive with child and it was no surprise to him that Saradoc and Esmeralda were still without children. The two put up with each other, but scarcely more. XX XX "What is taking so long?" Rorimac asked, waking Frodo up. Frodo glanced at the clock. He had been asleep for only twenty minutes but if he hadn't been woken up now he would have missed afternoon tea. As soon as Rorimac had left again he would hurry to the kitchen and make sure he would not miss out on the lovely treats that would no doubt be served there. One of the perks of living at Brandy Hall was that Rorimac had continued the habit of his father and predecessor, to always keep the tables full of food. "Settle down" Saradoc said and turned the page of his book. "How you can be so settled down I'll never know" Rorimac growled. "Put that book aside and come eat something. And find young Frodo, I haven't seen him around all afternoon." Frodo bit his lip and crawled as far back in his chair as he could get. Rorimac