Author'snote : Yeah, this is something new I've tried. It's a short fic about the last hours before Merry and Pippin are parted in The Return of the King , using the movie as my basis. It begins with the end of the scene where Pippin has looked into the palantír and ends with the two Hobbits being parted. I used lines from the movie and added things in-between, dug deeper into certain bits and generally tried to flesh it out a bit. So it's got brand new stuff, stuff you saw in the movie and some explorations of things in the movie. I hope you'll enjoy! Disclaimer : I don't own the characters or the places. I also do not own the bits I lifted directly from the movie. Sorry! But at least I make no profit from it… XXX XXX "What did you tell him about Frodo and the Ring?" Gandalf looked intensely at Pippin who was unable to avert his eyes. Pippin trembled with fear and remorse and shook his head at the wizard. "Nothing" he said. "I told him nothing." Gandalf looked at him as if he was trying to see Pippin's soul. The Hobbit seemed frightened but had nowhere to recoil. The other members of their company, Aragorn, Legolas and Merry, watched with confusion and worry. What Pippin had done when he looked into the palantír might have fatal effects for all of them, and their quest. Merry looked away, feeling a blend of anger and embarrassment for his younger cousin's latest achievement and fear for Pippin's safety. Gandalf had quite briskly shoved him aside when he knelt by Pippin's side and he felt wounded somehow. Aragorn had placed a hand on his shoulder but it seemed to be more for show than to actually give any comfort. Aragorn had been affected by the palantír as well when he yanked it away from Pippin, and he was focusing most of his attention right now on Gandalf and the Hobbit, nervous over what the repercussions might be for all of them. Gandalf continued to stare into Pippin's eyes for the longest time, then he gave a sigh of relief and turned his eyes to Aragorn. "He told him nothing" he declared. "Gandalf… I'm so sorry…" Pippin gasped. "Go back to sleep now" Gandalf said. "You can expect some bad dreams, but I suppose that's no more than you deserve. Keep warm." He looked up at the other people in the room. "All of you, go back to sleep! There is nothing more of interest happening here." Merry got up and walked over to his blankets. He thought he heard Pippin whispering his name but he didn't acknowledge it. Instead it was Legolas who scooped Pippin up and carried him back to his temporary bed on the floor. The Elf sang something deep down in his throat which seemed to have a soothing effect on Pippin, but it did nothing to help Merry. He was angry, hurt and frightened all at the same time. He saw from the corner of his eye how Legolas pulled Pippin's blankets up to his chin and rested a cool hand on the Hobbit's forehead until the trembling stopped and Pippin seemed to have gone to sleep. Then Legolas got up and joined Aragorn and Gandalf who were mumbling together in a corner of the room. The three of them left the room together and Merry got up and hurried after them. "Go back to your bed, Meriadoc" Gandalf ordered without turning to look at him. "And where are you off to?" Merry replied with anger. "Off to have another council? Why can't I come? I'm the only one here who saw what happened, save for Pippin of course, if you are going to debate it then oughtn't I to be there as well?" "This is of no interest to you" Gandalf said. "It is of every interest to me!" "You should go back and keep an eye on Pippin" Aragorn said, a bit more diplomatic than Gandalf. "His sleep might be unruly; it would be wise for someone to keep an eye on him." "I am not a bloody babysitter" Merry objected. "Go back to sleep" Gandalf said with anger in his voice and gave Merry a stern look. "We are not going to have a council; you won't be missing out on anything, though I don't think I've ever known you to take interest in such things anyway." "I believe you mistake me for Pippin" Merry said and crossed his arms. "And if you are going to discuss him, or the battle for that matter, I want to be part of the discussion." "It is too dark a night to talk of such things" Gandalf said. "Go back to his side now and come get us if anything else happens. And do try and keep an eye on that fool of a cousin of yours." "I beg your pardon" Merry said with a voice dripping of sarcasm. "Though I do believe he got a hold of that stone under your watchful eye." Legolas tried to keep in a laugh as Merry turned on his heel and marched back inside. Gandalf simply rolled his eyes and wondered where this obnoxious side of Merry had come from. Aragorn didn't feel like laughing or rolling his eyes, he was too concerned with what had just happened with the palantír. But Gandalf had been right. It would be too risky to debate it when the night was so dark around them. They could wait until morning. XX XX Merry marched back into the sleeping quarters and cast an angry look at his sleeping cousin. Just like Pippin to do something so stupid! He knew he was too riled up to go to sleep and continued into the Golden Hall where the party had been held earlier in the night. The room was empty now, except for a woman sleeping on a divan in the middle of the room. Merry cast only a glance at her, he recognised her as one of the nobles of Rohan but she was uninteresting to him. She was fast asleep; the commotion from the sleeping quarters had not reached her out in the Hall. Her presence disturbed Merry a bit, he was still filled with anger and worry and he wanted to be alone. He had gotten used to more solitude than this, he missed being out with only his eight companions. Now wherever he went there were strangers, it was impossible to find a moment for oneself. He sat down by the fireplace and angrily gave a log a kick. Soot and ember went flying with the log and he kept in a cough. He hated feeling this way. He hated knowing that Gandalf and Strider probably had all the information that would help calm him down but they wouldn't allow him in. He hated how they sometimes treated him like a child because of his short height. He longed back for the days when Frodo had still been in the company, before they had reached Rivendell when it was only the Hobbits and Strider. Back then Aragorn had taken him seriously and talked to him and listened when he had something to say. Now he was only brushed aside. He gave another log a kick and it flew into the iron stand with a small bang. The woman on the divan moaned in her sleep and then opened one of her eyes. Merry silently cursed himself for having made enough noise to wake her up and got up on his feet to excuse himself and leave. The woman gave him a look of surprise and seemed to have trouble keeping her eyes open. "Is it dawn yet?" she asked. "No" he told her. "It's still the middle of the night. I beg your pardon; I didn't mean to wake you. I will leave you alone." "You needn't leave on my account" she said and closed her eyes with a yawn. "I will be back asleep any minute." Merry hesitated for a moment. He felt like he should leave, but if she was going back to sleep anyways then what did it matter? Apparently she was aware that he hadn't moved, neither to sit down again nor to leave, and she seemed a bit curious. "You are one of the Halflings, are you not?" she asked with her eyes closed. "Yes" Merry said and gave a thought to Pippin. "The smart one." The woman chuckled slightly and opened her eyes. She seemed kind and friendly, but Merry only felt awkward and wanted to be anywhere in the world but right here. He was never very good with strangers, unless he was in the company of Frodo or Pippin he tended to close up and be less friendly. The truth was he could be rather shy when he didn't have his friends with him. "What is a Halfling doing awake at this hour?" the woman wanted to know. Merry couldn't resist answering her. Her tone was kind and she didn't seem to think it was inappropriate for him to be there even though he had found her asleep. "I was woken up earlier" he said and sat back down. "Now I'm too… filled with thoughts to go back to sleep." He sighed for a moment. "I was pretty frightened earlier, and nobody will take the time to acknowledge me and take my concerns seriously. They just brushed me aside. That's how it always is. They always try to keep me away from the serious conversations, the things that matter, as if they think they are protecting me by doing so. I don't need them to protect me from things like that, I am nearly forty years old, I can determine for myself whether or not something is too frightening. And a lot of times it can be more frightening to be left out of the loop than to know everything that goes on." He looked down at his feet. "I'm sorry. I don't know why I am telling you all of this. It must be the most trivial problem in the world for a noblewoman like yourself." "I know all about people trying to protect you against your will" the woman said. "I know what it is like to be treated like a child just because you are not a man who wears armour and can grow a beard. I do not think that it's trivial." Merry looked up at her and their eyes met. There was some form of understanding between them, he could feel it. They had something in common but he was not yet quite sure what it was. He knew though that he felt a bit better and that he should leave her to sleep again. He rose and thanked her for their brief talk and went back to his sleeping quarters. He cast a quick glance at Pippin who was sweating and mumbling in his sleep but he didn't stop to make sure he was okay. He crawled under his blankets and hoped sleep would come to him. XX XX The next morning Gandalf woke them up and demanded that Pippin attended a council in the Golden Hall. Pippin looked nervous and scared and cast a glance at Merry, who declared to Gandalf that he was coming too. Gandalf muttered something under his breath but didn't object and Merry quickly found his coat and herded Pippin into the Golden Hall. The woman who had slept there was gone, but the Hall was far from empty. Théoden King was there together with Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli, and a number of people went about their business in silence, keeping in the background. Gandalf gave Pippin a brief but reassuring smile and told him to sit down on a chair and not worry. Merry stopped beside Pippin but didn't look at him as Gandalf began to retell