Percy Jackson was known to be many things. His wardrobe consisted mostly of the color black. Unoriginal, one might say, only because he liked to make it look like he didn't give a shit about his appearance. Most of his clothes had been bought at the local thrift store and saw much wear, with holes in the knees or on the elbows, which weren't helped by the fact that he constantly picked at the threading. His prized leather jacket, weathered and smelling of neatsfoot oil, had once been his father's. That was left in perfect condition. He often scowled and tsked and leaned back in chairs so they balanced only on two legs. People didn't often like looking him in the eyes as if maybe when they did he would go out of his way to deck them in the face or kick them with his steel-toed boot. Perhaps that was why he never had too long of a wait in line at the grocery store when buying food for his mom or had open space walking down a packed New York street because others would cross to the opposite side of the road. On a list of things a person might not want to meet in a dark alley, Percy may be near the top, though he likely wouldn't care one way or the other, unless said individual was looking to start something. Not much frightened him, even when he should be. He had seen worse. What could be done to him that hadn't already been done before? Despite all appearances, he was not known to be scared of many things... Except for his girlfriend's disapproval of date ideas. "What about a dinner at that place, the one with the candles and the breadsticks?" "Lamberti's?" "Yeah, that one." "We went there two months ago, and I think they would remember you." "It was only a small fire. It wasn't like I did it on purpose." Annabeth - opposite of the spectrum, prim, polite, perfect - smiled and shook her head. When she did, he caught a whiff of her citrusy perfume and stifled a sigh. Her giggle was airy so she wouldn't make too much noise in the library. Sure, they weren't a new couple, but Percy couldn't help but get giddy over the details of her. She turned her eyes back down to her textbook while Percy crossed out yet another option on his list. He scanned over the other options, noticing that the Xs outnumbered the few remaining. Annabeth had always been the one to make lists and keep organized. Maybe she was rubbing off on him just a little. But never in a million years would he be caught dead trying to look like the prep she was, with her oversized sweater and floral-printed tights. Her hair was down, letting her golden curls fall over one shoulder while the other side was pinned up with a diamond owl clip. She had a thing about owls, even before they started dating last year. He had bought her that clip for their anniversary, in fact - saved up a whole entire work week's pay for it plus all his tips from the bakery. But now that the anniversary had passed, he had to come up with another idea for a date. And a good one too. He couldn't drop the ball now and disappoint her. Knowing her crowd, he would be living up to his reputation even though he tried his best to prove them all wrong. He knew what her other friends said about him, how he was "no good, a real piece of work, trouble" and how she could do so much better. They had him there. Annabeth was so much higher on the totem pole than he was. Why she ever wanted to date him in the first place was still baffling. When he had asked her about it two weeks into their relationship, she said, "Isn't it obvious?" and then said nothing more, like she wanted him to figure it out. Obviously, he hadn't yet. She turned the page to her book and scribbled down a note on her homework. Percy should be doing his homework too, but he had other priorities. Movie? "No." Central Park? "No." Coffee? "No." Road trip? "Definitely no." Aquarium? "Please not again." The school library was one of the worst places to do any thinking, especially after such a long day at school. And on a Friday ? Unheard of. But he would do anything for Annabeth, even if the place was so quiet and so stuffy and so blegh . Percy scowled as he looked around at the shelves of books surrounding their desk in search of some sort of inspiration. All he got was Boring and More Boring. Annabeth liked to say that the real fun took place in the books themselves, but Percy didn't buy it. How fun could a place be if it looked so unimpressive on the outside? He sighed and ran his fingers through his already shambolic hair and looked over his shoulder. Sitting at the front desk was the wiry old librarian, checking in books one by one. The rest of the place was empty. Everyone else had the good sense to actually enjoy themselves while the weather was still good, even though fall had made its presence known a little early. This Halloween was going to be cold. Halloween… His eyes lifted upward to the pumpkin decorations hanging above the librarian's head. "What about a haunted house?" he suggested. He turned back around to see that Annabeth was watching him, those fierce gray eyes piercing right through him, which automatically made him feel stupid, like all his brain juice had evaporated. Annabeth put down her pen. "You like haunted houses?" Percy jerked his head back. "What? No! They're lame as hell. Just figured you'd have fun… or whatever." The corners of her lips tugged when she smiled. "And you're not going to get scared?" "Me? Nah. Ghosts aren't real." "It's not just ghosts you have to worry about." She curled her fingers so they looked like claws and her eyes flashed. "Zombies and ghouls and axe murderers!" She seemed like she knew what she was in for. "Got a place in mind?" "Blood Manor in Hudson Square. I've always wanted to go." "Alright, then let's do it." Annabeth grinned and turned back to her homework. Take that, preps! See what a good-for-nothing can do? Percy felt like he was finally doing something right today. Annabeth had her cell phone wedged between her shoulder and her ear as she rummaged through her wardrobe. 'What's a suitable outfit for a Haunted House?' Percy's snort sounded down the phone. 'Fuck if I know.' There was a creak of springs and she pictured him lying down on his tiny bed - far too tiny for them to share but they'd somehow managed it in the past. 'That blue dress.' Even though he couldn't see her Annabeth rolled her eyes. 'You just think I look hot in that dress.' 'Well, yeah.' 'You're useless.' 'I'm a guy. Why are you asking me for advice on clothes?' Annabeth gave up her assault on her wardrobe and flopped down onto her queen size bed, picturing herself mirroring his position. 'Maybe I just wanted to talk to you.' There was a quiet laugh, uncharacteristically soft for Percy, and a beat of silence before he spoke again, 'I'm picking you up from your apartment, yeah?' 'Six o'clock, on the dot.' 'Yes, ma'am.' She laughed appreciatively and flipped her wrist to check her watch. 'What time do you start work?' 'Ten.' 'Percy.' 'Yeah?' 'It's half past nine.' 'Oh shit.' She heard the bed springs lurch as he jumped out of bed. 'Later, Chase.' She rolled her eyes and tucked her phone into her pocket, getting up off her bed and ignoring her wardrobe for now to attend to the huge pile of homework waiting on her desk. Her hair was tied up in french braids. Her make up was minimal and perfect and she was wearing jeans, a lacy top underneath her beige sweater, and flat pumps. She checked her reflection one last time in the mirror before grabbing her bag and jacket off her bed. Just as she left her bedroom, the buzzer went for the front door and she held back a groan as she heard her twin brothers fighting to answer it. 'Annabeth! It's your boooyyyfrieeend .' 'I've been dating him for over a year. You know what his name is.' She flicked Bobby on the ear as they both pulled faces at her and fought to get their faces up to the peephole. 'Scram,' she said and glared at them both. They grumbled their fair share, but they scurried off down the hall as Annabeth's father appeared. There was a knock at the door and Annabeth really just wanted to open the door and leave with Percy and not have to hang around while her dad presumed a fake stern attitude to lay down the ground rules for the five thousandth time. She knew he didn't like Percy; well, he didn't like how Percy looked . Annabeth's boyfriend had always been perfectly well mannered for the many times he'd picked her up or dropped her off after a date and the far fewer times he'd come into the apartment for dinner. But Percy didn't look right, and that didn't settle well for families like Annabeth's. She held back a sigh as she opened the door and felt her face split into a grin at the sight of her scruffy boyfriend. He wore his usual ripped up black jeans, scuffed up boots and a White Stripes shirt underneath his unzipped hoodie and leather jacket. His face looked tired but happy and his hair was in its usual dishevelled glory. 'Hey,' he greeted, and straightened up a little when he saw her father lingering in the hall behind her. 'Good evening, Mr Chase.' 'Good evening, Percy.' 'Okay we're going now,' Annabeth said, slipping into the hallway with Percy before any more awkwardness could occur. 'Be back by-' 'Eleven, I know. Goodnight daddy.' 'Good night.' She gripped Percy's hand and dragged him towards the elevators. He followed her willingly enough but as they stopped in front of the elevators and Annabeth punched the button, Percy's forehead puckered. 'What's up?' she asked as the doors slid open. They stepped inside and Percy shook his head, presuming a fake smile. 'Nothin. I see you didn't opt for the dress. Can I say I'm a little hurt?' She rolled her eyes. 'I dressed practically.' He eyed her feet. 'Those shoes don't look all that practical.' 'They're flat aren't they?' A wicked grin took over his face. 'Yeah, and you're a shortass now.' 'Five foot seven is not short, Percy.' He shrugged. 'I have to lean down to kiss you now.' She smirked. 'Care to test that theory, Hotshot?' And just as he turned his body to hers and tipped his head down, the elevator settled and the doors opened for the ground floor. Annabeth sighed and ducked past him into the foyer. 'Better luck next time.' 'Tease.' The chill of the wind from the Hudson firmly planted Percy's hands into his pockets and he hunched his shoulders up close to his ears. A scarf would've helped, but he didn't want to ruin his 'cool guy' veneer. He and Annabeth walked down Varick Street towards the haunted house, the sidewalk still busy on that Saturday night. Every now and again, Percy would steal glances at Annabeth. God, just… fuck, Percy thought. She looked perfect. Yeah, she wasn't wearing that blue dress, but he didn't expect her to. It wouldn't be practical, and Annabeth was all about practicality. He just liked giving her a hard time about stuff like that. The slight ways his words worked on her gave him such amusement, like when her brow