FAGE 007 Title: Naked vs. Nekkid Written for: Cruiz FanFiction/cruiz107 Written By: Cullen Cousin Rating: M Summary/Prompt used: Bella & Cullen male are exhibitionists If you would like to see all the stories that are part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. www . / community / FAGE-007 / 93625 / . Disclaimer: All Twilight characters are the property S. Meyers. The little story and the resort belongs to me. Naked v. Nekkid The difference between naked and nekkid is, naked means you ain't got no clothes on. Nekkid means you ain't got no clothes on and are up to somethin'. - Lewis Grizzard "Rose… Please… I can't do this!" Bella stammered out to her best friend, Rosalie. Rose never even glanced back at her, and answered, "Yes you can." She just continued to work on her makeup. "No, I can't," Bella exclaimed back. "Yes, you can," her friend calmly replied, "and you will. Besides, you agreed to meet Emmett's friend. Rose and Emmett McCarty had been dating pretty steady for the past few months. "Yes I did, but that was before I knew where we were going! I mean, really-a nudist colony?" Bella was getting really worked up. It was all Rose could do to keep from slapping her best friend silly. "It's not a nudist colony. Streakersis a clothing optional resort that focuses more on the optional part." Bella couldn't believe what she had been talked into doing. It was so out of her comfort zone. She, of all people, agreed to do this , and she couldn't seem to find a way out of it. "Oh, Bella, you are going to be fine and you'll love Streakers once we get there," Rose said as she turned, placing a hand on Bella's shoulder. Looking up at Rose. "How do you even know about this place? You haven't been there before, have you?" she asked. Rose blushed a little bit as she answered her friend, "Uh… well…you remember back in April, when I went on that long weekend with Emmett?" "Oh my gawd, is that where Emmett took you? To Streakers?" exclaimed Bella. "Yes, and it's not as bad as you think. I mean, we all came into the world this way. In a way, it was kind of freeing not having to worry about what to wear the majority of the time." This got Bella to think about Mardi Gras back in February. Right there in the French Quarter, Rose kept flashing her boobs to get beads. Bella was embarrassed just watching her friend's antics, but she couldn't help but be in awe over how easily she could show her body that way. She always told Rose that she had not shame when it came down to doing things like that. And it sounds like going to this resort was right up Rose's alley. She just wished she had an ounce of her outgoing personality. As it was though, Bella was just too reserved for her own good. Maybe, she thought to herself, this was just what she needed to bring her out of her shell. Then again, it might make it worse. Bella wasn't ashamed of her body; she just felt that she was nothing special-just a "Plain Jane". She lost count the numerous times Rose tried to get her to see different, to no avail. Rose always told her that she had the curves to drive men wild if she would only use it to her advantage. She was never one to dress provocatively. Her clothes bordered more on the conservative side. In other words, low cut blouses and miniskirts were just not her thing. Now Rose was another story ; , she loved to show of her buxom body- especially to her boyfriend. Most of her clothes were very tight and revealing. She always was of the mind, if you've got it, flaunt it! Bella just stared at Rose for a minute and then sighed in resignation. "I guess I'll give this place the benefit of doubt since I already paid for my share of the room." Her friend pulled her into a hug, grinning from ear to ear. "That's all I ask, and it is clothing optional, like I said. Besides, you have a great body hiding under all those layers." Rose said as she held Bella at arm's length, looking her up and down. Bella looked down for a moment then back up at Rose. "Like I said, I'll go, but I'm not going to promise that I'll take my clothes off." "We'll see," Rose said with a devilish grin as she turned to gather her things to leave. Taking a deep breath Bella picked up her carry - on and followed Rose out the door. Bella couldn't help but mumble out to no one in particular, "What have I gotten myself into?" A few hours later, the girls were settled into their room and were getting ready to meet Emmett and his friend. When Bella got there, she was shocked to see how many people were there in all various stages of undress. Few of them were covered, but the majority of them were either stark naked or partially covered-and that was putting it mildly if pasties and almost non-existent g-strings count as clothes! Rose wasted no time in striping down to nothing but a short, thin robe and stilettos. She told Bella that Emmett got to see her in the buff first before anyone else. Bella just shook her head at her friend. Since it was very warm at the resort and she was not comfortable enough to dress like Rose, she put on a pair of shorts and a tank top; she was not about to go around naked, or at least, she wasn't planning on it no matter how hot it got! Reaching the lobby, Bella looked around to see if she could spot Emmett amongst all the bodies in the room. As big as Emmett was he shouldn't have been too hard to miss. "Rosie, Bella… over here!" A booming voice called to them. Bella looked over to Emmett, only to see him standing in all his glory; except for the comical elephant head g-string he was wearing. She just shook her head, thinking how these two were made for each other. Emmett opened his arms to Bella to give her a hug and she quickly ducked around him. "Aw Bella, I just want a hug, he said laughing at her reaction. "Uh no… Just, no!" Bella squealed as she continued to doge him. The thought of being hugged by a naked Emmett just shook her to the bone. As she was trying to get away from him, she found herself standing beside the man that was with Emmett. She assumed he was the friend of Emmett's who she was supposed to be meeting up with. Bella was never one for blind dates, so meeting a stranger in a setting like this was even more intimidating. This time, though, she could honestly say she was glad to go on this adventure. He was hot, as in movie star/model hot! Tall, blond and ice blue eyes that were enough to make her heart race. Emmett turned his attention to Rose and pulled her in for a searing kiss, ignoring everyone else. A throat cleared beside her, aimed at the kissing couple. Rose was the first to come up for air. "Emmett, you big lummox," she said as she popped him in the back of the head. Don't be rude and introduce your friend." "Ow! Sorry Rosie." He grinned back at her while rubbing the spot on his head. He was so head over heels in love with her, that when she was around, no one else existed. Emmett glanced over at his friend. "Carlisle, my man, you've already met my girlfriend, Rosalie Hale." Pulling her closer to him, he then motioned towards Bella. "This beautiful little bird here is Isabella Swan, your date." The handsome blond man stuck his hand out in greeting. "It's nice to meet you Isabella, I'm Carlisle Cullen." Like Bella, Carlisle was dressed in a pair of cargo shorts and polo shirt. She couldn't help notice that he looked a bit uncomfortable like her. As their hands touched, a feeling like static electricity went though both of them, but neither made a move to pull away. Bella couldn't help put stare up into his bright blue eyes. "Nice to meet you too, Carlisle, but please call me Bella." Looking back into her chocolate brown eyes, he brought her hand up to his lips and placed a sweet kiss on her knuckles. "A beautiful name for a beautiful woman." Bella couldn't stop the blush that spread all over her face at the compliment. "Thank you," she said as she looked up at him from under her lashes. They both seemed to be mesmerized by each other; neither one looking away, her hand still held captive in his. She was not sure how long they stood there like that, but they both kind of jumped apart when Emmett interrupted their moment by suggesting that they all head to the pool to cool off and relax for a bit. "Hey, you two do realize that you have too many clothes on? After all, this is a clothing optional resort." They just looked at him like he had two heads , until Carlisle spoke, "Yes, I do realize that, Emmett, and I prefer the clothing part." Bella nodded in agreement. Emmett just shrugged. "Suit yourselves." He turned and wrapped his arm around Rose and headed out to the pool. Carlisle and Bella hesitantly followed behind them. Bella kept blushing every time she looked around the resort. There were a small handful of guests that were clothed, but the majority were in the buff or some state. She was just not used to seeing so many people naked in one place. "You know," Carlisle said trying to distract her, "I didn't really want to come here myself." She looked up at him quickly then looked away and took a couple of steps away from him. Bella just knew he was too good to be true, and that he meant he didn't want to pair up with her on this trip. Watching her demeanor, Carlisle quickly realized what he'd said and how it sounded to her. Back tracking a little bit, "I mean, I wanted to meet you after hearing Emmett and Rose talk about you all the time. It's just that I didn't want to come to a place like this to meet a woman for the first time." He moved closer to her, and she didn't try to run away from him. Bella looked him in the eyes to see if he was telling her the truth and not just saying what he thought she wanted to hear. And all she could see in his bright blues was honesty. "I know what you mean," she replied. "Streakers is not what I'd call a place for a first date." They both laughed a little at that statement. "Hey, what to you say we just find a nice spot and go talk? After all, I don't think those two will miss us if we don't go to the pool," Carlisle suggested. She looked to where her friends had found a place around the pool, and couldn't help but stare with wide eyes as Rose just stripped out of her robe and laid it on the nearest chaise lounge then reached over to pull the string holding on Emmett's very happy elephant. Neither one seemed to care that people were all around them. Bella felt embarrassed just watching them. She did wish , though, that she could be uninhibited as her best friend. "Sounds good to me. Do you have someplace in