Disclaimer I don't own Harry Potter that belongs to J K Rowling, amazing woman that she is we love you and the universe you created AN: A Number of quick things to address before the story starts This story will take place in 2007 onward though the character will have knowledge up to 2016 but nothing like lottery numbers or sports results. This is a self insert with the main hero taking on Harry's identity. I don't particularly like Ron and Dumbledore so there will be some amount of bashing of them as well as Molly, however the rest of the Weasleys will not be bashed save perhaps Percy later on because nobody likes Percy. Those who love Neville may want to avoid this fic as while I do not hate him, I don't particularly enjoy him either so I will mostly be ignoring him. I am not bashing him nor do I hate those who love Neville, I am just not one of those people. Pairing will be a harem and there will be lemons in, as well as vulgarity. To alleviate some fears there will be no overpowered-ness in the fic until possibly nearer the end, no rape scenes of decent characters (bad guys are open if the readers request it, though do not get your hopes up if you are into that sort of thing), there will also be limited slash (no Drarry, or Harry and Severus, or Voldemort, or Fenrir, or Lucius), although I am not sure how I would bring this in and I may not even include it at all save for background characters. There will be violence, blood and gore, references to child abuse and neglect (as well as sweet revenge for said acts) as well as the aforementioned sexy times. Finally this is my first story so forgive any spelling and grammar mistakes, point them out but be constructive about it, nobody likes a bunch of butt-hurt commenters. Many people often wonder what the afterlife looks like. Some people imagine it as a paradise in the clouds, others as a pit of burning fire full of torture and damnation. Or perhaps simply a black void. Or a white void. Everyone always thinks of voids when it comes to the afterlife. Other people's ideas on the afterlife meant little to me. I tried not to think about that kind of thing. I believed in no religion, at least not when it came to the stories that some take literally and believe wholeheartedly in, so the concept of death did frighten me, as I had no idea just what to expect when I eventually died. I say eventually as I had no plans on dying early, or at least before I reached a respectable age. At least 60 or so. Maybe get myself a wife and kids too.. You maybe wondering just why i'm talking about what awaits us post-mortem and what my plans are during my life. Or should I say "what my plans were ". By this point you should have guessed that I'm dead. Gone. No heartbeat. "We lost another one doc!". Etc. How? I had a brain fart and stepped out into the road without looking to see if anything was coming. Yes it was a dumb-ass move, and not exactly the best way to go. It really hurt! I'm not kidding, I felt like my entire chest was one giant bruise . Just breathing hurt as my lungs were crushed. And don't get me started on the terrible pressure that was suffocating to death, because of said crushed lungs. So yeah, not the most glamorous of deaths. And the fucker who ran me over just drove off. Though they'll probably got caught, saw one of those cameras meant to catch drunken hooligans on tape so they can arrest them later. Plus I think I left quite a dent in his/her bumper when he/she hit me. Plus all the blood. Cannot forget the blood. 'Specially since it was mine! At least it probably was, who knows how many people he/she had run over that day. The car did seem to be a different shade of red in some places… Or maybe the paint was just coming off I don't know. I shook my head to clear my thoughts somewhat so I could focus on my actual surroundings, and not the circumstances that put me here. The room I was in was similar to one of those small scale doctors offices. The ones that only dealt with very minor things or give out prescriptions. The one with the stiff old chairs that seemed faded enough for you to tell it was old, but not enough for them to warrant replacing them. That kind of place. It seemed like it would be cramped, as the place this room was based on so often were, due to the closeness of the seats. However save myself there was only one other person there. It was a small boy of about 3 and half foot tall. He had wild raven hair that seemed to stick out at all kinds of unnatural angles, and a skin tone that seemed far too sickly and pale to be healthy. He was horribly thin as well, as though he lacked the skin and muscle to cover his body, so what little he had, had to be stretched across himself almost painfully. The child wore horrible threadbare clothing that seemed almost comically over-sized against his insignificant frame, the color looking like it had long been faded or viciously scrubbed out. His eyes however were what drew my attention. They were a bright green. So very bright, it was peculiar. Sure I had heard stories about people with strange eyes that were either a strange color or were particularly bright but I had never met anyone with such eyes. So I was a little taken back by seeing a child with such eyes. But the biggest shock was not the boy's eyes, but more what the whole picture was. He looked like he had been taken out of one of those Abused Harry! Fan-fictions that were so popular. I had read a few myself and did find how the writers of such fics addressed the idea of abuse, and the recovery process that came afterwards. Needless to say I was somewhat (read "very") surprised to see first hand, what could only be an abused, or at least disgustingly neglected child. I stood there simply staring at the Harry Potter- lookalike and drinking him in. Whether or not he had noticed me, I didn't know. He just seemed to be staring at the ground with one of the most intense stares I had ever seen. At least on one as young as him. If it was a normal, not abused child, I would call it cute. But I knew that this child had gone through a lot in his short life. It was at this particular thought that I realized that he too must be dead. I had been ran over and ended up here, meaning the only reason the boy would be here is if something had happened to cause his own death. Presumably, due to malnutrition or starvation based on his short stature and impossibly thin frame. I was struck by a wave of pity and sorrow for the young boy sitting there, to have his life cut short before he had even reached his teen years. While I had died younger than most, I had at least lived a somewhat decent life. But here he was dead after, what I could only sum up as, a pretty crappy life. Seeing the child sitting there all alone, and seeing no others to keep either of us company I cleared my throat, causing the child to snap his neck up to look at me and as politely as I could asked "Do you mind if I sit with you? I do prefer to have some kind of company while I wait, you know?". The boy nodded slowly in uncertainty, and I thanked him with a small grin on my face as I sat down next to him, trying to get comfortable on the horribly bumpy seats. We sat in silence for a while, the awkwardness palpable. I was racking my brain for someway to start a conversation, and the boy most likely had no desire to start a conversation with me or presumably any adult. After a few minutes of uncomfortable quiet, I decided that simplicity is often the best course of action. "HI i'm, Will, how are you?" I coaxed, offering a hand to shake. Again the boy seemed to take great caution in his answer before he replied. "I - I'm fine, thank you. I'm H-Harry" the now named Harry answered, before grabbing my hand with his much more miniature one, giving it a slight shake. Again I noticed the similarities to this Harry and Harry Potter, with the name only cementing the fact that the two were scarily similar. I shook my head clear of the thoughts, to Harry's confusion, and decided to keep the ball rolling. "Good, good. So, ummm." I paused as I realized I had absolutely no idea of what to say. I had very little interaction with children so I had no clue what sort of things they would be interested in. Fortunately, Harry seemed to be dying (HA) to ask me something, giving how he was wriggling in his seat and glancing at me, the normal signs of having a question you don't know how to ask. Seeing this I gave him a nod, as if silently giving him permission to talk. "Um, Mr Will. I w-was just wondering, um where, ah are we?" Harry meekly asked, flinching as if he were about to be struck. Suppressing the rage I felt towards the people who had contributed to his behavior, I instead thought of how to answer the question. I could lie sprout off all kinds of bullshit, like how this is all a dream, or how he's just imagining this. Or I could bite the bullet and come out and say the truth. Looking back at the child, I saw in his eyes a need. A burning need to know the truth, even if it wasn't what he want to hear. "Well Harry," I sighed, knowing I was not about to enjoy saying what came next "I do believe that we are unfortunately quite dead." This of course had the expected outcome. Harry stiffened as though his whole body had been dunked in a pool of freezing cold water. He started to shake, and his eyes brimmed with tears as the revelation tore into him. After a few seconds, Harry looked at me through watery eyes and said "Are, are you sure we're …?", trailing off at the last second, afraid that finishing the thought would only confirm it. Solemnly, I nodded my head in affirmation. His breakdown seemed to happen in slow motion. He slowly curled up, bringing his legs onto his chair and wrapping them in his arms as he hugged himself, as he quietly wept. I didn't know how to react. All I could think to do was to join him. So I did. I wrapped my arms around him, even as he stiffened and stopped his crying for a second, as I let my own tears fall. Giving this small, broken child the confirmation that both our lives were over was big not only for Harry but for me, as I had destroyed both our hopes that this was anything else but the afterlife. We sat there, I don't know how long, holding each other as we let our emotions overwhelm us. Harry had eventually relaxed into my arms as we both supported each other through this disquieting event. Eventually, the tears stopped, even as we took shallow breaths, and continued to hold one another. "Thank you" Harry