"I with thee have fixed my lot, Certain to undergo like doom; if death Consort with thee, death is to me as life; So forcible within my heart I feel The bond of nature draw me to my own, My own in thee, for what thou art is mine; Our state cannot be severed, [...] to lose thee were to lose myself" -John Milton, Paradise Lost , Book 9, 955-959 Run, run, run! Just run! Run, run, RUN! I leap from my pedestal and tear off into the nearby woods. My heart pounds in my hands and ears and skin as the cool air of the morning flows through the trees. It would be a beautiful day, if it wasn't one so deadly. I might actually find it all quite lovely, if I wasn't running to escape. Jumping over fallen logs and ripping through underbrush, I do my best to keep my head. Just run. Get some distance. Run! Don't stop to look. Just run. I can hear Haymitch's voice pressing in my head: run, run, run, run. My lungs sharply burn, yet I don't stop. There is no path in the woods. The ground starts to climb, and my pace slows. But I keep running. Just run. How far have I gone? Far enough? It will never be far enough. I can still hear the sound of steel slicing into skin, the spatter of blood on grass, the thick thud of an arrow hitting its mark. And the cries of children: I hear that too. Wails of despair and victory intermingle in the atmosphere, a horrifying music. So I keep running, though slower than before. I make it to the top of the hill, my chest heaving for air; the woods have closed in quite heavily now. Fir trees and shrubs and large broad elm and oak create a bulky canopy over and around the forest floor. And still I run. Large tears suddenly fill my eyes; I can hear my breath catching as I dart through the trees. Don't let them see! Just keep going. Eventually, I have to stop. When I do, I try to be as quiet as I can be to listen for others. Despite my heavy breathing, the woods is quiet. Quivering, I kneel on the mossy ground and try to slow my heart. It takes a long time. Too long. There is more in my heart than just adrenaline: so much more. Once my breath has slowed, I simply stare at a small wood violet growing at my knee. It is delicate and vulnerable, strangely beautiful. I shut my eyes, listening, thinking, feeling. my knuckles deep in moss and grass. The air is light, but it carries no sound of pursuant feet. With a heavy effort, my now exhausted legs struggle to let me stand; as I limp around looking for any kind of visual clearing in the trees, I strain to see how far I have come. The leaves crowd in and block any certainty, yet from the top of the hill I can see the distant glimmer of a lake. For a moment, I feel stupid; Haymitch had told us to find water first, and there it is, far in the opposite direction. Idiot! My heart races again, and I try to breathe. However, my mind, so tempted to race off into chaos and panic, steadies itself. I'm not dead yet. There might be water in a river or a stream; the lake looks pretty big; I might be able to walk to a more isolated point on its shore for water. There are a lot of options still. Just pick one. I sit down to further steady myself, and feel the chill of the grass, soft and wet. For a moment, I regret sitting in the cold, but then I smile a little. There is dew still. I grab a bunch of grass and suck the water off of the blades. It isn't much, but it is something. While I harvest the droplets, I think through my options. I could try and skirt the edge of the lake hopefully not running into other tributes, or I could travel in the opposite direction and search for water that way. Neither option feels particularly promising. In one direction, I could and likely would meet with tributes; the careers will most likely set up somewhere near all the resources, or so Haymitch said. I think back to his words to me in our private training session: "Stay away from the Careers until the time is right. Hold off crossing them for the first few days if you can help it. They will be all blood-lusty, and won't think much of what you have to offer. They will just kill you and then ask questions. Stay away from where ever they are. They tend to be pretty predictably lazy when it comes to camp. They usually stay near all the resources and pick the best location near water and shelter. So unless you change your mind and have a sudden death wish right away, then stay away from the cornucopia. They might pick somewhere else, but I doubt it. They don't want to bother with starting from scratch somewhere else if they have it all right there." In the other direction, however, I have no guarantee that I will find water. In select other games, the gamemakers have sometimes put tributes into arenas where there is no water at all; those games were very quick to end, and they weren't very popular years with viewers because the tributes all died so quickly from thirst, not combat. Thus, the gamemakers typically offer some chances of finding water somehow, not because of compassion but more out of viewership; however, that does not mean that there is more water in the arena besides the lake. The lake might be it. If I take my chances trying to find other sources of water, then I could be wandering for days, all to no end. However, I could try and drink dew in the mornings, as long as I can find grass; if I can stay out of the way and hidden, the first part of my plan, then I might have a chance to get down to the lake later. I rub my face with dew; it run cold on my forehead. And I think of Katniss. She, a lingering and constant hum of presence in my mind, is somewhere in the woods too, hopefully. I picture her face, pale and sharp in the morning light, standing on her podium, poised to spring up to the cornucopia to snatch up the bow and arrows that lay there waiting for her. I could see that she was too easily being seduced by the glinting weapons: too soon. She was forgetting what Haymitch said, or she was ignoring it. I think of how her eyes flitted around the circle of tributes, evaluating what her chances were to make it to the bow before the others. And her eyes found me, just as the final seconds were counting down. Part of me dreads this evening when they announce the dead tributes. Will her name be among the fallen? The thought terrifies me, but I can't let that overtake me now. Not now. I have to decide where I am going. Either way, my end is the same. Standing up stiffly, I once more look out to the lake; then with a sigh, I start walking in the opposite direction, hiking along the hillside. My progress is slow; I try to be quiet, but I know that I am noisy despite my efforts; every step I take makes something snap, and it makes my body more and more on edge. Every now and then I stop and listen for anyone nearby. Only once did I hear some distant voices, muffled in the air. And soon, they faded again. Time drifts by remarkably quick. Before I really register it, the sun is past noon, and my stomach is crawling with a distant pang. However, there's nothing to eat around me, and as the sun gets hotter, I notice my thirst more prominently. Despite the dew, I know that I am getting dehydrated. And still, as I traverse the hillside, I can not hear or see any water. I don't really know what to be looking for. As time continues to slide by, I start to feel stupid for my choices. My adrenaline has lowered in the quiet of the woods, but I am still ever on edge. Eventually, the hillside descends back down into the valley, and I carefully pick my way down the slope. In the stillness, my mind wanders to all the places of memory and horror. I try inwardly to remain calm, and only when I think about Katniss does my heart settle. Thinking about her helps me to remember why I am here, what I am doing, and what to do next. She reminds me of what is real and what matters. The rest of the afternoon is spent slowly wandering the valley listening, walking, and listening again. While I walk, to calm my mind, I conjure up memories. I try to focus on what about my life has been good, not good in the sense of positive, but good in the idea of goodness. What in my life has meant anything? White flour, hard work, my father's eyes, my brother's laughter, the sunlight on the back of my mother's neck, a red dress on a little girl, long dark hair in braids floating in the wind, rain, burnt bread, Katniss. It seems to always come back to her. If I didn't know better, or if I was a different person, then I would probably hate her for how she has overtaken and flooded every part of my life without even knowing it. Even when we didn't speak or know each other, I always kept an eye out for her. As I walk, the memories slam their way through my mind, shaking me with the violence. I can remember it all with an alarming precision: the day that I saw her, the day that she sang, and the day when it rained. The sun was hidden behind a thin sheen of clouds as I walked with my father to the train. He pushed an empty wheel-barrow, heading to the station to receive shipments of flour and raisins. He had taken me along with him despite my mother's protests. She had insisted that I needed to practice my kneading like the rest of the boys were doing that afternoon, but my father had countered that the shipments needed more than two hands and that I was the strongest to handle the sacks of flour. After a small amount of bickering, my mother had surrendered. My father walked with an ambling gait, puffing out deep breaths, his strong arms steady. As we crossed the square, they were walking in the opposite direction: Mr Everdeen and his eldest daughter. I remember Mr Everdeen as a tall slim wall of grey flannel, his eyes deep and melancholy, his hands sooty and large. My father nodded to him, and Everdeen returned the silent greeting as he held his daughter's hand. When we had reached a far enough distance, my father muttered with a tone I hadn't heard before, "You see that little girl, Peeta?" I turned around and looked at the little girl with dark long braids, then glanced back up at my father. He continued with a sad voice: "I was going to marry her mother once." In my child-mind, I was dumb-founded: "Why? Didn't you want to marry mother?" "I hadn't met your mother yet." He explained. "I met Mrs Everdeen first." "So why didn't you marry her?" I ask, confused at my father's strange and unexpected confession. "Mr Everdeen sang to her, and it stole her heart away." I looked back