Erui Aduial Rating: M (Strong sexual content. It's a little dark, just be prepared. This may not be for everyone.) Summary: Legolas had finally chosen a wife – an elleth of unmatched grace, impeccable character and fiery spirit. It is on the occasion of their wedding that Thranduil decides to invoke the ancient law of Erui Aduial and claim the bride for his own. Pairing : Thranduil/OFC & Legolas Notes/Warnings: This is so AU and Non-Canon it's not even funny. This is a crazy idea that popped into my head that I just had to write down. Erui Aduial – is totally a made-up concept that I am sure would have Tolkien rolling over in his grave. Literally translating to "first evening". But it is based on the medieval concept of Ius Primae Noctis (In Latin – right of first night) or Droit du seigneur (In French – Lord's night). All will be revealed in the story though. Hope you enjoy the devious workings of my mind! Please review and let me know what you think! Disclaimer: I don't own anything related to The Lord of the Rings. I own my own original characters and ideas... but I am just playing with Tolkien's genius. The Elven King lunged back on his throne, a goblet of wine hanging from his fingers as he observed the celebration around him. Even in these dark times, people needed a reason to celebrate, to feel like there was something worth living for. And a wedding was just such an occasion. His cold blue eyes gazed down at the young couple dancing nearby. Pride swelled in his heart for his only son and heir. Legolas had grown into a fine elf, a mighty warrior with a keen mind and sharp wit. Yes, Thranduil admitted to himself, he might have pressure his son into the match with the daughter of one of his most trusted advisers. But Lady Alassë was everything Mirkwood needed in a Princess – loyal, strong, eloquent and beautiful. She and his son made a striking pair. She would give him children, of this Thranduil had no doubt. It helped eased his wary soul, knowing that if anything were to happen to him or if he were to sail that Legolas and Mirkwood would be in good hands. As if sensing the eyes upon him, Legolas turned to meet the gaze of his father. Thranduil barely inclined his head, but Legolas received the message loud and clear. He escorted his bride over to her father before excusing himself, kissing her softly on the cheek. Thranduil had descended from his throne by the time Legolas arrived. He held his goblet up to be refilled, before turning to his son. "Walk with me." It was not a question. Legolas fell into step beside his father as they exited the grand hall. Thranduil was silent as he led Legolas to a small private balcony not far from the royal wing. He drank slowly from his glass and he regarded his son. Legolas stood tall and proud, the silver circlet upon his brow giving him a regal air. The fine silver tunic stretched over his broad shoulders. A fine elf and an even finer prince. "What would have you drag me away from my own wedding feast, Father?" Legolas finally asked when he realized that Thranduil was not going to speak first. "There is a matter of importance I wanted to discuss with you." "Could it not wait until the morning?" Thranduil didn't answer, but continued to peer at Legolas with those burning blue eyes. Legolas was not one to shrink away from his father's gaze, but there was something in his eyes that night that made Legolas worry. After what felt like forever, Thranduil finally spoke, "I intend to invoke my right to Erui Aduial ." All the air left Legolas' lungs in one long gasp. He struggled to breath, his hand reaching out to grasp the nearby railing until his knuckled turned white. His heart threatening to burst out of his chest and his ears burning. Legolas would have been less surprised if Thranduil had struck him across the face. "You cannot be serious," Legolas whispered. Thranduil gave his normally stoic son as moment to collect himself as he drank deeply of his wine. "Quite." "Do you know what you ask of me?" "I do not ask, Legolas," Thranduil's voice was dark and even. "She is my wife!" Legolas' nostrils flared as he tried to keep his temper under control. Thranduil was completely unfazed by Legolas' rage, knowing the feeling all too well. "It is my right and I intend to take what is mine." "By taking my wife to your bed? On our wedding night?" Legolas was convinced he was going to be sick. "It is a tradition of which I intend to uphold." Legolas' grip on the railing tightened as if it was the only thing keeping him from completely losing his temper. "Are you telling me that…" he stopped, not even knowing if he could speak the words out loud. Thranduil knew the question without having to hear it. He leaned in close to hiss into his son's ear. "Yes, Legolas. My father did the same to me. I even had the courage to strike him for even suggesting such a thing. I was punished for my outrage. He forced me to watch as he…" "Enough!" Legolas growled. "You have made your point. She was my mother and I choose not to imagine such a thing." "Then I will give you the curtsey that was not show to me." Thranduil downed the rest of his wine before setting his cup aside. "You will bring her to me in an hour. If you fail me, you will lose your right to my good graces and be bound to endure it as I did." "What am I supposed to tell her?" Legolas asked, defeat clear in his words. "She will already have been informed." Thranduil waved the comment off as he started down the hall towards his chambers. "How?" Legolas demanded to his father's retreating back. Thranduil stopped but didn't turn around. "Lord Nendir inquired yestereve if it was my intent to follow through with the tradition. When I informed him that it was, he made it clear he would talk to his wife who would speak to yours." Thranduil left his stunned son standing in the hallway as he proceeded to his private chambers. He entered the first chamber which served as his own private study and office. He removed his crown of branches and leaves and set it down upon the side of his desk. He shook out his waist length golden blonde hair as his fingers trailed over the wooden box that had been left for him. Lifting the lid, he gazed down at the contents for a moment before shutting it again. Yes, he thought, she would enjoy this gift. Next, he retreated into his bedchamber where the curtains had already been drawn back and the blankets turned down. A warm fire burned in the hearth. On the chair beside the fire was his favorite robe of dark green velvet and on the table, a bottle of wine and two glasses. He changed out of his formal finery and into his robe, already feeling a lot more comfortable. Going back into his study, he found the book he had been in the process of reading and made himself comfortable behind his desk. The book distracted him as he waited and he did not have to wait long. He could hear the voices outside his door before it was ever knocked on. "Stop worrying, my love," the soft feminine voice reached his ears first. "But what if…" "He is your father, Legolas, not some foul beast. He will not harm me." The tentative knock came before another word was spoken. "Enter." Legolas guided Alassë into the room, his arm firmly around her waist. Both of them still in their wedding attire. She should have been prepared, Thranduil mused darkly as his fingers drummed on the top of the desk. But part of him was sure that if Legolas dallied any longer in bringing her here, he would not have done so at all. "Sire," she greeted him softly, dropping into a light curtsey. But yet she was a sight to behind with her silver blonde hair and eyes as green as the forest around them. Thranduil pushed away from his desk to approach the young couple. He took the hand that was offered to him and pressed a feather light kiss to the top of it. "You look radiant," he said, keeping his voice low. "Thank you, sire." "Come, I have a wedding gift for you." He led her over to his desk where he reached for the large box. Legolas following closely behind, not wanting to be separated from her just yet. Thranduil held it for her as she opened the lid and gaped at the contents. "White gems of pure starlight. A gift my father had made for my wife upon our wedding that she wore until the end of her days. A war was fought over these jewels so I could reclaim what was mine. Now, I gift them to you. To wear with honor as the future queen of our realm." Alassë nodded dumbly as Thranduil took the necklace from the box and secure it around her neck. She knew how much these jewels meant to him, Legolas had told her the story many times. "Thank you, my king, at this honor. I will wear them with reverence." He stepped away and watched the way the gems sparkled against her pale skin. His heart still hurt at the loss of his wife and he hoped that Legolas never had to feel the same pain he had suffered. "Legolas, you may go." Again, it was an order from his king. "No," he said as he took his wife's hand, raising it to his own lips. "I will remain out here." "Do you think that wise, my son?" Thranduil asked, arching up a brow. "I cannot bring myself to bear witness, but I have to know that she will remain unharmed." "So be it." Legolas pulled her into his arms one last time, whispering words of love and admiration into her ear. She reciprocated his words, the love for him glowing so brightly in her eyes. "This night should have been ours," Legolas murmured as he kissed her lips. "I know, my love. But it is only one night. We will have the rest of eternity together." "I wish I could be as calm as you are now." Alassë smiled up at her husband. "I had a whole day for prepare myself for this, while you had merely an hour. It will be alright. He might have my body but you have my heart. Always." "It is time." Thranduil held his hand towards her as she inched away from Legolas' grasp. Thranduil led her back to his chamber and she caught one last glance at her husband as he sank dejectedly down into the desk chair. She took a deep breath to calm her raging nerves, reminding herself that this was Thranduil after all, and not some stranger. Ever since she was a child, she always admired the Elven King. His grace, his sometimes-downright cold demeanor. Behind the layer of ice, he kept so close to his heart, she knew there had been a loving husband and now a devoted father. He made ruling the vast forests seem effortless even though she knew the years were beginning to take their toll. Now, she couldn't even imagine this happening. That this strong powerful king was going to become her lover. Even if only for one night. She settled down on the very edge of the bed, her green eyes following Thranduil as he poured them each a glass of wine. She