A/N: I do not own Twilight, nor will I ever. This story is is before Twilight, so no Bella. I hope you enjoy! Feel free to review! ﾧ "Iris, Master Aro is requesting your presence." Jane alerted me as she walked into my room unannounced. "Of course. Thank you, Jane." I said and set the book down I was reading on my bed. I grabbed my crest and put it on as I blurred down to where Masters Aro, Marcus and Cauis normally resided. "You requested me, Master Aro?" I asked as I walked into the large, dimly lit room. "Yes, dear Iris. I have a mission for you. I believe that your abilities will prove useful in remaining undetected." Aro said clasping his hands together. "Of course, Master Aro. What are the details of this mission?" "I want you to go check up on the Olympic Coven. They have been growing in numbers and have heard rumors that they have several talented members. Hedi shall provide you with the proper means of communication while on your mission." "Understood. I just hope that my work will be satisfactory." "One more thing before you leave, Iris. You will not mention anything about The Volturi or your relations with us or they will no longer trust you." "Thank you for the advice, Master Aro. I will be taking my leave now." I said and bowed respectfully before leaving the room. ﾧ After two days, I finally arrived at my destination, Forks, Washington. I only had the clothes on my back and the annoying laptop that I had to go out of my way to protect. I walked through the forest at a human speed, just trying to familiarize myself with the area. I was humming an old lullaby that my human mother used to sing to me when the wind shifted and a foul smelling scent filled the air. I heard growling not a second later and I started to run as fast as my legs could carry me. The heavy footfalls of these beasts grew closer and I did my best to pick up my speed. I peeked over my shoulder to see wolves at least two meters tall and they were quickly gaining ground. I felt claws dig into my back and I was sent flying forwards into a tree that shattered on impact. My momentum kept me going and I skidded to a stop after I hit the ground. Immediately, three large wolf-life beasts surrounded me and I knew by the sheer size of these beasts that I had no chance of escape. "I mean you no harm. I only looking for someone. Please let me go and I will be on my way." I pleaded. I wasn't sure why I was talking to the beasts, seeing as they probably couldn't understand me. The black beast stepped forward and growled at me. A feel of dread washed over me and I knew in that moment that I was going to die. There was no more bargaining for my existence. I tilted my head up at the sky and prayed to whatever deity that was up there to grant my soul some peace. "STOP!" A loud voice boomed though the trees. My eyes opened wide in surprise but I didn't dare make any sudden movements. "You are on our territory! We will take care of the girl. Leave!" The same voice boomed again. The beasts surrounding me all growled at me before following the black wolf back into the forest. I waited until they left and let out a breath I didn't know I was holding. "Are you alright?" A man with short black hair and strange golden eyes asked me. "I am now. Thank you." I said giving him a smile. I stood up and brushed the dirt off of clothes the best I could. "So who are you looking for? I live in the area so I might be able to help you out." The man asked. "Oh! Um, I'm looking for the Olympic Coven. Do you happen to know if they're around here?" I wondered and bit my life, suddenly very nervous. "Looks like you're in luck! You've just met the best member of the coven there is. I'm Emmett." He said and stuck out his hand for me to shake. "Great! My name's Iris." I replied and shook his hand. Then another vampire with messy copper hair and the same golden eyes stepped out from the trees. "Emmett? Why'd you run off?" He asked. "Smelled the mutts and came to investigate. Found Iris here and turns out she was looking for us." "Hello." I said and gave the other vampire a smile. It didn't hurt to be friendly. "Why can't I read you?" The vampire with copper hair demanded. "Um, I'm sorry?" I offered, confused. "Edward, don't be an ass." Emmett said and then turned to me. "He can read minds." "I cant get a read on her emotions as well." Another vampire said stepping out of the trees. He had wavy blonde hair and was covered in scars. "Oh." I replied and looked over at the mind reader warily. "Why don't you follow us back to our house and we have talk there." Emmett said and I nodded in agreement. I followed the three male vampires through the woods and we ended up at a house that seemed to be made of glass. It was like nothing I had seen before and it was beautiful. Edward mumbled something I didn't quite catch and a few seconds later, four more vampires were standing in front of us. "Iris? Is that you?" A man with short blonde hair asked. It took me a second but I realize who he was and smiled. "Hello Dr. Carlisle! It's been a while!" I replied. "I thought you died of consumption." He said looking at me curiously. "Nope! I was found by someone and they changed me. Still don't have a clue who that is after all these years." "Well, Iris, this is my wife and mate, Esme. These are our children, so to speak. This is Alice, Rosalie, Jasper, Edward, and Emmett." Carlisle said introducing me to everybody. "It's a pleasure to meet you all. I'm happy to see that you're not alone anymore, Carlisle." I said and I got a smile in return from Carlisle. "Please, why don't we all go inside? It looks like it's about to rain by the looks of it. Then we can see if we can find you a new shirt. That one is torn to shreds." Esme said and we all went inside the house. Everybody else wandered off elsewhere while I followed Esme upstairs into what seemed like her bedroom. After rifling through her closer for a few seconds, she came out and handed me a simple white button up shirt. "Thank you." I said and took off my now ruined shirt and threw on the new one. "It's not a problem." Esme said and I followed her back downstairs and into the living room. Esme took a seat next to Carlisle and the only seat left available was next to Emmett. "So how long have you known each other?" Esme asked, striking up conversation. "Carlisle was my doctor back when I was human. I'm afraid I don't remember much. Most memories are hazy at best." I said. "I was traveling through London in 1872 when an outbreak of tuberculosis hit the area. All of the doctors in the area had come down with it themselves and there was no one left to treat the sick. So I offered my services and kept them as comfortable as I could. There wasn't much I could do." "Yeah, did you used to tell me that I was your most stubborn patient? I was always getting out of bed and doing things I shouldn't have." I chimed in. "Yes you were. Ironically you were the only who lived the longest." Carlisle chuckled. "I still like to think that it was because of my good looks. Momma always said that I was the prettiest in the town." I said twirling a piece of my black with with my finger. "I agree." Emmett said and I gave him a questioning look. "Flirting already, hmm? My, you move fast." "What can I say? I'm a ladies man." He smirked and even made a show of flexing his muscles while a few others chuckled at his antics. "Well, trust me, I am no lady. Once a trouble maker, always a trouble maker. Human or a vampire." I smirked. Then a huge crack of thunder resonated through the house and my eyes widened in realization. "Oh! I forgot something outside. I'll be right back." I said and quickly blurred outside to find the damned laptop. I found it after about a minute of searching and got back inside the house just before it started pouring. "What's that?" Carlisle asked. "A laptop. My friend gave it to me a while ago so we could keep in touch. Still haven't got a clue how the thing works." I said and sat back down on the couch to continue the conversation. ﾧ The Cullen's were nice enough to give me a place in their home for as long as I wanted. I was touched by their generosity and kindness that they've shown me these past two months. I had told myself in the beginning that I wasn't going to get attached but that just ended up back firing on me. These people have shown me so much more love in two months than the Volturi had shown me in a hundred years I've been with them. Emmett and I have gotten rather close since I showed up. I'm a little uncomfortable with how much this boy effects my emotions. I know that shouldn't get close because I'm just going to hurt him in the end. Emmett just brightens up my day even if it's cracking a joke about something inappropriate. He has this smile that's contagious and I can't help but smile too. He also is rather handsome, so that helps too. Edward still doesn't like me much, even after all of this time. He's constantly glaring at me and it's like he has this black cloud above his head at all times. I honestly thing he just needs to get laid. I mean, forever a seventeen year old and all of those raging hormones? That's got to suck. "Iris! Come play video games with me! Jasper cheated again!" Emmett whined from downstairs. I laughed. "Let me finish up replying to my friend, you big oaf." I said and went back to typing. Master Aro, I am sad to report to you that nothing of importance has been happening around here. I wish that I could give you more information. How are things back in Italy? Tell the others that they are missed. Until next time, Iris I looked it over and hit the send button. I was required to send an email once a week to report on what has been happening. Aro is already aware of all of the abilities of this coven and is amused to know that I can blocked out from each of them. Over the years I have learned that my ability is similar to that of a shield, but much more than that. It seems that I am immune to all of the abilities I have come across. Even Alec's sensory deprivation doesn't work on me. I shut off my laptop and slid it back underneath my bed. I ran a hand through my hair and made my way downstairs to see Emmett glaring at Jasper who was amused. "Good luck." Jasper said as he left the room, probably off to find Alice. I sat down on the couch next to Emmett as we started to play some type of violent shooting game. I didn't care