I don't own anything except for my OC, Amelia. Twilight belongs to Stephanie Meyer. Rated M for swearing, just to be safe. Enjoy! "Amelia! Can you come down for a minute?" Mom said from downstairs. I sighed and set my book down. "What is it?" I asked once I got down there. "Bella is coming over so I want you to play nice, okay?" "But Momma." I whined in annoyance. I didn't like Bella at all. She smelled weird to me and she kept looking at me like I was some sort of freak. If I had any say in it, I'd say she was the freak because she was the one dating a vampire. "Amelia." Edward hissed at me. I growled back at him without missing a beat. It's true and you know it, Eddie. "I thought I told you to keep those thoughts to yourself." "I thought I told you to keep out of my head." I spat, my temper flaring. I did not like Edward since he started dating that stupid human of his. "Stop talking about Bella like that." Edward growled. "Stop invading my privacy." "Are they going at it again?" I heard Dad ask. "Yes," Mom sighed. "Amelia, Edward. We've went over this like a thousand times already. Amelia, please try to control your thoughts about the human around Edward. And Edward, please keep your mouth shut. I don't think Esme would appreciate another vase or something valuable being broken because you set off Amelia again." "Fine." Edward hissed and then ran at vampire speed upstairs. I snorted and it was hard to keep the smirk off of my face. "You are not off the hook, young lady." Mom said giving me a look. I huffed and crossed my arms across my chest. "But Momma." I whined again. "No buts. You know better." "I'm sorry. I'll try not to do it again." I said even though I had no intention of doing that. "She's lying, Rosalie!" I heard Edward yell from upstairs. Damn it, Edward! I'm going to rip your stupid head off one day. "Now she's threatening me." I could feel my hands start to shake and my control to stay in my human form start to deteriorate quickly so I ran towards the back door and jumped outside, shifting in midair. "Not again." I heard Mom mumbled from inside the house. I landed on my paws and saw the familiar white that was my fur. My coloring was helpful in the winter time because it was easier for me to blend in with the snow, compared to the green and brown landscape of the summer time. I tended to stick out like a sore thumb this time of year. I let out a soft howl and I started to roll around in the grass, just to piss off Mom. "Amelia! How many times have I told you not to do that!" I heard her scold me from inside the house. I pretended like I didn't hear her and continued to do it until my fur was covered in dirt. I let out a whine when I heard the human's loud truck pull into the driveway. I covered my ears with my paws until the human finally had the decency to turn off her truck. I trotted into the forest so the human couldn't see me and waited until she got back in the house to come out of the trees. I saw Mom come outside and I snorted at the look on her face. It was scrunched up. "Come on. Let's get you hosed off." I whined. I didn't want to get hosed off. It was normally really cold. "Don't be like that. You did this to yourself so come on." Mom scolded me and dragged me over to where the hose is by my ear. I yelped when she grabbed too hard to my liking but just as soon as she let go, she started to spray the hose on my back. I yelped again and tried to run away from her. Dad stopped me and I growled in annoyance. I eventually let Mom hose me off but I complained the entire way. I shifted back to my human form with grace as I like to put it and Esme came out and handed me a towel to dry off. I screamed when Dad sprayed more cold water on me and I growled at him. He laughed and Mom tried to keep a smile off of her face. After I dried myself off as best as I could, I walked inside the house with only shreds of my clothes hanging on me. Edward looked at me with disgust and the human just looked at me like I was some freak of nature. I could say the same thing about her. Edward let out a warning growl to me and I growled back to him. "Stop it you two. I've had about enough of your shit." Mom hissed under her breath. I huffed and walked upstairs into my room to change my clothes. I ended up staying up in my room the rest of the night, not wanting to have to deal with Edward and his stupid human. It was Saturday afternoon and I was sitting on the couch stuffing my face with some spaghetti and garlic bread that Esme had made for me. The news was on and there was a program on about all of the recent murders in Seattle. I knew my family was worried about the Volturi and what they would do. "Even after all of these years I still don't know how you can eat that stuff." Mom commented. "And I don't know how you can drink blood." I said although my mouth was full. "Hurry up and finish your food. I think Alice wants to go shopping again ." Mom said and I groaned. I hated shopping with a burning passion. I mean I don't mind going for an hour or so but Aunt Alice tended to make shopping trips last from when the mall opened until the mall closed. That was a way too long in my opinion. I was continuing to chow down on my meal when I heard the familiar but dreaded sound of the human's truck coming up our driveway. I made a distasteful face when Edward and the human walked into the living room. The human seemed to be clutching her wrist. Wimp. "What happened?" "She broke her wrist, Carlisle. Can you check it out?" Edward said, his voice strained. "What caused you to hurt your wrist, Bella?" Carlisle asked. "Trying to walk and chew gum at the same time, Bella?" Dad asked her and I failed at trying not to laugh. I started to choke on my food and Mom looked at me with alarm. After a few seconds of effort I managed to swallow my food and Esme handed me a glass of water. I chugged that down and held up my hand to my father where he high-fived me. "I actually punched a werewolf in the face." The human spoke up. "Badass! You're going to be one tough little newborn." Dad said cracking his knuckles. "Tough enough to take you on." The human replied with a smile. Mom threw her newspaper that she was reading on the table and stormed out of the room. I smacked my father upside the head in the heat of the moment and it ended up breaking my hand in several places. I hissed at the pain but ignored it for now. "Nice going. You think you would have learned by now." I spat and went upstairs to find Mom. "Are you okay, sweetie?" She asked me as soon as I walked into her room. "I should be asking you the same question." I replied sitting down on her bed. "Let me see," She said softly and I gently set my broken and throbbing hand into hers. "You really need to stop doing that. And you shouldn't talk to your father like that." "He really needs to filter what he's saying." "Says you." She smiled. "Oh shush." I chuckled and sucked in a sharp breath when too much pressure was put on my hand. Mom gave me an apologetic look but then there was a knock on our door. "Come in." Mom said. Carlisle walked into the room and gave me a pointed look when he saw the state of my hand. "You will never learn, will you?" "Probably not." I said truthfully. "Just like your father." Mom added in. I playfully glared at my mother while Carlisle looked over my hand. "Will you give me the good stuff this time, Grandpa?" I said playfully. "I will if you don't call me that anymore. It makes me feel old." "Deal. But you know it's true. You've got like two hundred and fifty years on me." "Amelia." Mom scolded lightly. "Oh come on, you all love me anyways and we all know it." I smirked. Two weeks later we were all standing in a clearing waiting for the Quiluete Pack to arrive. To be honest, I was rather excited. I mean I don't think I've ever remember meeting any people like me before. Dad said that they were wolves like me but he mentioned that they were a little different. How different exactly? I mean he said that they were all controlled by their emotions and that they were all hotheads. That pretty much describes me. I guess we'll just have to wait and see. "Will you quit worrying? I know you're nervous but everything is going to turn out just fine." Mom whispered in my ear and then she kissed my forehead. Ugh. I couldn't help it. I heard thudding on the ground and twigs snapping from a bit aways. They were close. About a minute later I saw eyes come out of the trees and a black wolf was the first to show itself. It looked to be about the same size as I was and I watched as six more wolves came out of the trees. "They don't trust us enough to be in their human forms." Edward said. Ha I don't blame them. I wouldn't trust us either if I were in their position. "They came. That's what matters." Carlisle said. The only reason why my family was tolerating them is because we needed their help. I guess there was an army of newborn vampires coming after the human for reasons I don't care to remember. "Jasper." Carlisle said, motioning for Jasper to take the floor so to speak. "Hey Jake." The human said. Did she know one of these wolves? Was it the one she punched? Probably but I don't care right now. I'm more interested in learning more about my kind. If that's what they even were. "Welcome. Jasper has experience with newborns. He knows how to defeat them." Carlisle explained. "They wanna know how the newborns differ from us." Edward said. Oh great. We had Edward as our translator. "They are a great deal stronger than us. Their own human blood lingers in their tissues. Our kind is never more physically powerful than in our first few months of life." Carlisle went on to explain. I hardly payed much attention. I had heard all of this before. "They want to know who the girl is standing between Rosalie and Emmett." Edward said. "That's Amelia. She is Rosalie and Emmett's adopted daughter." "They want to know if she's human." I snorted at that. Me? Human? Ha! What a joke. "Can I do it now? I've been itching to change for hours now." I asked to no one in particular. "Yes go ahead. Just be careful." Mom said and kissed my forehead again. Some of the other wolves huffed, like they were disgusted. I rolled my eyes and walked a ways from my family so I didn't hurt them while