Ah, home sweet home. I was running through the forests of some small town called Forks. I had found out through some cousins of ours where my family was now living at since it was been about a decade or so since I last saw them or kept in touch. It was in the early nineties when I left the coven to be on my own for a while. Tension in the house was pretty high at the time and I couldn't take it anymore so I left. Despite being separated from my coven, I still wore my crest to remind myself that I was not alone and that I had a home, a family. I was turned in 1561 over in England along with my two older sisters. Our coven had been destroyed by the Volturi and only Victoria and I had managed to get out alive. She and I were torn over the death of our eldest sister, Anne, so we parted ways. She had become ruthless and nothing like the sister I had know while I was human so I did not bother to contact her through out the years. I was a nomad for the majority of my vampire life so far, only joining the Cullens in the 1920's. I was traveling across America at the time, stopping at random cities to get a bite to eat and to take a look at the immigrants that lived there. Carlisle Cullen had found me feeding on a drunk man in an alleyway. I tended to frequent the local bars because of all of the easy meals and sometimes if they were drunk enough, I got a small buzz off of their blood. It was nice. Carlisle invited me to join his coven after he told me about his lifestyle. I accepted because I had no one and the nomad life was getting to be a bit of a bore. I was always up for a challenge. Carlisle admitted in later years that he had thought that I would be a good match for Edward but the mind reader and I quickly realized that we were not meant to be. We had a strict platonic relationship and we were both okay with that. About ten or so years later Carlisle changed Rosalie and everything changed. Rosalie and I had hit it off quickly and I soon found myself falling for her. I never told this information to a single soul, in fear of being rejected. Especially once Rosalie found Emmett. Same sex relationships in that time period were forbidden and seen as wrong. Edward had caught me thinking of Rosa, as I had now called Rosalie, in some rather less than innocent ways. He had told me what he thought on the subject but he got over it eventually. When Jasper and Alice later came along, it was when things started to fall apart for me. Jasper was an empath and had confronted me by accident one day. Of course every one in the house heard our conversation and I was devastated. I left the coven for a short while to try and sort out what I was going to do. Rosa found me in the forest and told me that she reciprocated these feelings but she was not going to act on them. She told me that she was going to stay with Emmett because it was the right thing to do and that she had loved him. It broke my heart into tiny little shards but I followed her back to the house. I sulked in my room for a good week before I was dragged out of the house by Edward and he took me hunting. His excuse was that he was tired of hearing my mopey thoughts. I eventually thanked him for that. For the next few decades after that all was well and I had gotten used to just being friends with Rosa. In the early nineties there were a string of murders happening around where we were currently residing. My heart sunk into my chest when I finally connected the dots. Victoria was back. I fled not too long after that, claiming that I wanted to head out on my own for a little while. I promised that I would stick to my "vegetarian" diet and told them I would keep in touch. I was able to keep in touch for a few months but we drifted away. Now we are back to where we started. I was still running through the forests, trying to figure out what animal I would kill next. I hadn't fed in a while and I always favored the big game. I saw a bear up ahead so I stalked it for a a bit and waited for it to get into a clearer part of the forest. I jumped on it's back and quickly sunk my teeth into it's neck. I drained it dry in a matter of seconds and let the dead animal fall to the floor. I licked the few droplets of blood that were on my mouth away. Then all of a sudden I was being pinned on the forest floor. I hissed and managed to flip us over so I was on top. I was about to tear my teeth into their neck when I recognized the scent. Alice. "Eleanor! Stop! It's me, Alice! I'm sorry I should have let you know that I was coming." The smaller vampire said to me. I had missed the little shopaholic. "It's alright, Alice. Just don't do it again." I smiled and she squealed then hugged me tight. "Come on! Let's go! I'll take you to where we live now! Esme designed the whole thing and it's super pretty! She didn't know if you'd come back while we were still living here but she made you a room anyways." Alice rambled on as we ran. I rolled my eyes playfully and watched in amazement as the house came into my line of sight. The house looked be made entirely of windows and it was beautifully designed. Esme really outdid herself with this house. "Guess who's home!" Alice sang as she led me into the house. "Who is it Alice?" I recognized that voice instantly as Esme. My heart swelled at hearing her voice. I guess I never really realized how much I had missed the family. "Eleanor? Is that really you, dear?" "Yeah Mum. It's me." I nodded and I was being hugged to death by her within half a second. "Oh I've missed you so much. I was so worried about you." "Sorry Mum. I've missed ya too." I said as I hugged her back. "Did I hear right? Is Eleanor back?" I heard Carlisle's voice ask as he entered the kitchen. "Yeah Pops. I'm back." I said and Esme let me go. I ran over to him and hugged him tightly. "I missed you." "I missed you too. You should have called." "Sorry. Ireland doesn't exactly have the best reception." "You went back?" "Yeah. I met up with The Irish Coven and they were pretty welcoming. I wandered around Ireland, taking in the sites and whatnot before I came across them. They let me stay with them for about seven years before I parted and came back here. I had missed you crazy lot too much." "Well we're glad you're back, Eleanor." "It was real fun trying to find you lot, that's for sure. I had to make a stop to visit our dear cousins to find out where you were. Had a little chit chat with the sisters. They were a riot." I said thinking back to the times I shared with the succubi sisters. "Your sexual escapades are none of our concern. I would appreciate it if you would stop thinking about them." Edward said. "Oh please. Hell I think I'll have to take you with me next time. We all know ya need a lil lovin." I winked, teasing him. "I have a girlfriend." I burst out laughing and pretended to wipe a tear away from my eye. "That's mad! You? A bloody girlfriend?! That's cute." I said, my Irish accent coming on a bit thick. "I'm serious." "Well where is the lass? I'd like to meet 'er." "You can meet her tomorrow. She's supposed to be coming over for the weekend." "Sounds great. Now it's been bout ten years so tell me what in the hell ya've been up to." I said and slung my arm around my best friend's shoulder. "Let's go upstairs to my room and we can talk." He said and we raced upstairs. I had missed being back. The next day I was laying on top of Edward's grand piano while he played. I enjoyed hear the music and feeling the little vibrations the piano gave off. It was soothing. He had certainly gotten better since I've been gone. "So have you spoken to Rosalie yet?" Edward asked quietly. I tensed. I almost had forgotten about Rosa. "No. Haven't seen her 'round." I said quite tense. "She misses you. She just won't admit it. I hear it every so often while Emmett's away." "It ain't gonna happen. She's with Emmett. She made her choice." "What do you mean she made her choice?" "She's with the bloke and not me. I got the hint. Why do you think I left in the first place?" "You left because of Rosalie?" "Why else would I leave?" "We all thought it was because you needed space." "That was only part of it. After being on my own and relying on myself for almost four hundred years, it got a bit tense with being around so many people." "You're older than Carlisle?" Edward asked a bit surprised. "You didn't know? I thought I told you. I'll be bout four hundred and fifty I think this year." I said casually. "No wonder why you're such a pain in the ass." I mock gasped. "Edward Anthony Masen Cullen! You? Cussin'? I'd never though I'd see the day." "You being back must have influenced me." He said, playing along with a smile on his face. "Not even back twenty four hours and I'm rubbing off on you again. I must be doin' somethin' right." I said and we both laughed. Then I heard a loud roaring sound start to come down our driveway. "Bloody hell! What is that?" I winced. "Bella." Edward smiled. "The lass 'ought to get herself check out then." "That's her truck." Edward laughed. "Oh shut it." I said and hopped off the piano. I walked into the living room and leaned up against an arm chair. "Bella there's someone who I want you to meet. She's a good friend of mine. Just be careful, okay?" "Is she like you?" The girl asked. "Yes." "Eleanor, I'd like you to meet my girlfriend, Bella." Edward said as he brought his girlfriend into the room. I froze as her scent drifted towards me. She was a human?! "Well I would have appreciated a little heads up. It's been a while since I've been 'round her kind." I hissed under my breath. "H-Hello." The human said. She seemed a bit timid. Poor lass. "Ello lass. You're a pretty lil thing." I commented. "Thank you." She mumbled, her cheeks going red. "Edward, do ya mind if we have a lil chat outside?" I said sweetly. "Of course. I think Alice is upstairs in her room Bella." "Oh okay. It was nice to meet you." Bella said and went upstairs to find the lil vampire. I grabbed Edward's ear and dragged him outside. "What's Eddie done now?" Emmett snickered. I ignored him. "I am very cross with you, Edward. A little word would have been great! Oh yeah by the way Eleanor, my girlfriend's a bloody human! Do you know what the Volturi are gonna do when they find out? They're going to bloody off