Chapter One: September In the depths of the Ministry of Magic Headquarters, Harry Potter leaned his flushed forehead against the large glass panel that overlooked Courtroom Ten below. The room behind him was small and barren; with just a few burgundy armchairs lined up along the viewing window and a couple of worn wooden tables bookending them. The previous trial had ended fifteen minutes ago and a small number of Wizengamot members in their distinct plum-coloured robes were still milling about; whispering in small clusters and shooting furtive glances up at the window above their heads. Harry blinked and turned away; knowing they couldn't see him through the heavily tinted glass but feeling conspicuous none-the-less. "Harry, are you sure this is the wisest course of action for you right now?" The weary Gryffindor collapsed into the nearest armchair, his head falling back against the uncomfortably firm backing. "Why do you say right now ?" he replied with closed eyes, voice heavy with exhaustion. Arthur Weasley, sitting in the chair to his left, turned to face him with a look of concern on his face. "I just meant that you haven't stopped since defeating You-Know-Who. We're all very impressed by your fortitude Harry, but… don't you think it's time to take a break?" Harry turned his head and opened one eye. "And why exactly are you encouraging me to take a break today of all days Mr. Weasley?" Arthur smiled indulgently at the boy whom he would always think of as an unofficial son. "I can't pretend that today doesn't hold any significance in that respect Harry, but you look worn out. Truly you do." Harry smiled derisively. "I am taking a break; I have the next six months to lay about the house." Arthur pinned him with a pointed stare. "You know as well as I do that rehabilitating Death Eaters or their families is no easy task; it's hard work and takes constant patience and strength of will. And this is no ordinary case Harry; you have a history with Lucius' son." Harry sighed and rubbed at tired eyes beneath his glasses. "I know, believe me, if any other willing volunteer had stepped forward, I would have happily passed Malfoy off to them, but no one wanted to take him on. You know as well as I do that Malfoy would not do well at the Centre, so it was either me or Azkaban." "Then why not Azkaban?" Harry looked at Mr. Weasley sharply but there was no malice in the familiar gaze, merely curiosity. Harry heaved another heavy sigh, knowing he was going to have to repeat his reasons more than once. "You know why not," he said quietly. "Any Death Eater or Voldemort supporter that hasn't knowingly or actively killed or severely injured another witch or wizard during the war has a chance at redemption. Malfoy and I did not exactly see eye to eye while we were at school together, and he's always been a right prat to me, but, as I said during the trial, I witnessed enough of what he's capable of to know that he doesn't belong in Azkaban with his father." Mr. Weasley nodded thoughtfully. "Lucius most certainly made his fair share of unforgiveable choices, but his mother saved your life, didn't she?" "Yes she did." "And you're hoping that young Draco has enough of his mother in him to make this worth your while?" "Fingers crossed," Harry replied with a weak smile. "Well," Arthur exclaimed after a beat, slapping his hands on his knees and getting to his feet. "I wish you all the best Harry. If anyone can get through to him, I believe you can. You know you can visit me and Molly any time you need to get away from Grimmauld Place for a while." "Of course, thanks Mr. Weasley," Harry said gratefully. Arthur gave his shoulder a quick squeeze before he walked out of the viewing room and headed back to the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office. Harry exhaled and slid further down in his seat, dropping his head into his hands. It had been a particularly stressful day and the headache that had been steadily simmering between his temples for the past few hours had now burgeoned into a full-on migraine. He knew he should have drunk more water during the trial; the ordeal had been long and tense to say the least. Harry opened his eyes and peered through his fingers, remembering the look on Malfoy's face when the Chief Warlock had informed him of what was going to happen to him: the Slytherin's expression had remained almost unchanged but for the slight paling of his face and the hardening of grey eyes. He'd half expected Malfoy to speak up and choose Azkaban instead but, in the end, the blond had simply nodded his head in silent acceptance, refusing to make eye contact with Harry. Harry frowned, absently biting his lip as he began to think about what sort of approach was going to work with Malfoy. He knew he could expect icy silence, bitterness, name calling, and most definitely rage, probably violent outbursts as well, it was just a question of how best to react in order to facilitate Malfoy's eventual release into wizarding society again. In the fourteen months since the fall of Voldemort and the end of the war, Harry had made a career of helping to rehabilitate the children of Death Eaters; whether the parents were locked away in Azkaban or not. His work entailed undoing years of brainwashing, which was no easy task. Harry's frown deepened. While Malfoy was technically the son of a Death Eater, he also posed a risk of being a conflict of interest. Malfoy held him in contempt not only from what his parents brought him up to believe but also from his own personal experience. This wasn't just family beliefs and narrow-minded views passed on from parents that he was dealing with this time; this was going to take a lot more work to dispel. Moreover, he would have to set aside his own feelings and be completely professional with Malfoy; he literally held the Slytherin's life in his hands. Harry shook his head with a muted groan, this was all so complicated. He knew the next six months were probably going to be the toughest and most trying of his new career. "Mr. Potter?" Harry looked up to see Auror Bendle standing in the open doorway, one of two Aurors that always assisted him at the onset of a new case. "Hi Johannes, ready for me?" he asked, pushing himself to his feet with great effort and trying to ignore the throbbing pain in his head. "Are you alright?" Auror Bendle inquired as they strode down the corridor towards the spiral staircase that led back down to level ten. Harry shot him a quick reassuring smile. "Yeah, long day, that's all." "I don't imagine you're looking forward to this particular case," Johannes said, looking amused despite his best efforts at trying to maintain a professional exterior. Harry snorted. "You imagine correctly." He'd always liked Auror Bendle; the man was very good at his job but didn't take things too seriously. He was a tall wizard of German decent, with dark wavy hair, hazel eyes and never without a pair of unique black framed glasses. The fact that they were close in age also contributed to their easy camaraderie. Johannes' partner, Auror Hipwell, was also very good at his job but a little more introverted and didn't spend much time on idle chit-chat. Both of them treated Harry just like any other wizard though, which he was eternally grateful for. Harry followed him into the little antechamber adjacent to Courtroom Ten. The small stone-walled room was empty save for a well-used fireplace blackened with soot which was connected to the Floo Network. Harry grabbed a handful of Floo powder, allowing some of the soft cool grains to slip through his fingers soothingly for a moment before stepping into the fireplace. He took a deep breath, tried not to roll his eyes at Johanne's smirking face, then threw the powder into the flames while simultaneously calling out, "twelve Grimmauld Place!" He was instantly whirled away in a rush of emerald green flames and deposited into the fireplace in the front drawing room of the old Black residence. He quickly stepped out into the gloomy room and dusted off his robes while waiting for Auror Bendle to appear. Only himself, his two Aurors, and now Malfoy, were keyed into the wards of Grimmauld Place. Even Ron and Hermione were banned from entering the dilapidated house when he had a client residing with him. Auror Bendle appeared in the fireplace with a great whoosh of air just as Auror Hipwell peered around the doorframe from the entry hall. "Ah you're here Mr. Potter," he said, looking relieved. Harry raised his brow at the look of relief on the Auror's face. "Where is he?" "Kitchen," he replied, inclining his head to the right. Harry stepped past him and strode down the hall towards the narrow staircase that led down to the kitchen. He quickly clamped down on the anxiety that began to bloom in his gut at what lay ahead of him and forced himself to think of Malfoy as just another faceless wizard that needed his help - whether he wanted it or not. He sensed rather than heard his two Aurors hot on his heels behind him as he descended the stairs and entered the large galley-style kitchen. His gaze quickly landed on the figure seated on the opposite side of the dusty table from him. Harry took in the stiff posture, crossed arms and furious expression in less than one second and instantly switched into 'psychoanalyst mode.' "Hi Draco," he greeted quietly and without inflection. He had decided after the trial to address Malfoy by his first name as a means of distancing the present situation from their tumultuous Hogwarts relationship as much as possible. The name felt very strange on his tongue indeed. Malfoy kept his steely gaze glued to Harry's face but made no move to speak or acknowledge him in any way. Harry met his gaze unwaveringly for a moment before turning to the two silent Aurors behind him. His eyes widened slightly when he saw that both of them had their wands drawn and at the ready by their sides. "If you guys want to secure the house and set up the fields now, I think we'll be alright here." They both nodded, eyes flicking to Malfoy for a lingering moment before turning to head back to the front entryway. Harry took a quick steadying breath before turning back around and stepping further into the room. "Mind if I sit down?" Harry asked, pointing at the chair opposite his new charge. The thinning of lips and flaring of nostrils was the only indication that Malfoy had even heard him. "Or I can stand." Harry smiled benignly and rested his hands on the back of the chair. "Either way, we're going to make an attempt at conversation. There are a few things I need to tell you, and I'm sure you have loads of questions for me." Harry paused and he could practically hear Malfoy's teeth grinding together. "Things would go a lot smoother if you just accepted the situation and moved on," he added, hoping his words might provoke a reaction. Grey eyes narrowed and Harry saw them flicker almost imperceptibly to the corridor over Harry's shoulder. He instantly knew that Malfoy was waiting for the Aurors to be out of earshot before venturing any sort of response. Harry kept his smile firmly in place as he decided to drop into the chair uninvited. "They're going to be at it for a while so I might as well make myself comfortable and tell you a few things while we wait," he said