Harry stepped out the door of his London terraced house into the bright sunshine and promptly burst into laughter at the sight that greeted him: Draco Malfoy was casually leaning against a sleek silver Porsche with arms crossed over his chest and a smirk firmly plastered on his face. "What is that?" Harry asked with grin as he walked to the kerbside and raised a brow at the well-dressed blond. Draco stepped back and looked at the Muggle car with pride. "My new toy," he replied smugly. Harry laughed and rolled his eyes; Draco loved to spend money on anything that screamed wealth. He'd really taken a liking to extravagant Muggle luxuries when Harry had opened his eyes and introduced him to the Muggle world after the war. The Slytherin now wore Muggle clothing almost exclusively, much to Harry's amusement. Today he was wearing a stylish suit that perfectly complimented his pale skin and blond hair. Harry suspected that the man used a stylist although he adamantly denied it. "You can't drive me to this thing in that," Harry complained. "Of course I can." Draco smirked and opened the door for him. "You look nice Potter, who dressed you today?" Harry glared at his friend as he reluctantly climbed into the low car. "I did." Draco chuckled as he walked around and got into the driver's seat. The engine roared to life then settled into a gentle purr as Draco signaled and moved out into traffic. He loved to drive and Harry wasn't going to complain, he hated driving in London. "Seems my good taste is finally rubbing off on you Potter," he quipped as they drove along in the summer sun. Harry turned in his seat to look at him. "Actually, Ralph gave me this outfit," he informed him flippantly, knowing that the fact that designers gave Harry free clothes to wear to public appearances irked him - especially because Harry didn't fully appreciate the act of wearing not-quite-released clothes from the upcoming fashion season. As expected, Draco suddenly frowned as he stared through the windscreen and Harry grinned in amusement. "You can have it when I'm done with it," Harry offered teasingly. Draco scoffed. "I don't need your cast-offs Potter, plus it would be miles too short for me." Harry laughed and faced front. Draco loved to mention the fact that he was a whole two inches taller than Harry. The two had fallen into an unlikely friendship during their last year at Hogwarts. Their usual animosity and squabbling suddenly seemed like too much work, not to mention absurd after everything they'd both been through. Since the population of the special eighth year students was so small, all the students decided to stick together - regardless of house loyalty. They had all gone through an unforgettably horrific experience and found comfort in being with people who could relate. Ron and Hermione had officially paired off which left Harry feeling on the outside and quite lonely most of the time. He resented feeling like a third wheel and so began to spend more and more time on his own. It seemed Draco was feeling the same, and so it happened that they were off being alone in the same place at the same time enough times that they eventually began to talk to one another. Their tentative friendship quickly grew stronger as they discovered how much they actually had in common - and they also began to enjoy their differences as well. Harry grew to appreciate Draco's wry sense of humour and biting wit, and Draco came to relish their heart-to-heart conversations in which he could spill his guts without being judged and knowing that Harry understood. Much to everyone's surprise, their unlikely friendship remained intact all of eighth year. Harry slowly began to realise that he wanted more than just friendship from Draco but never got the sense that Draco wanted the same thing in return. So in order to forsake ruining their new friendship, he buried all those feelings of longing and affection as deep as they would go. Glancing at Draco out of the corner of his eye now, Harry never for a moment regretted his decision; it was one year after leaving school and Draco was still his closest and most dear friend. "So are you going to practice your speech on me along the way?" Draco asked. Harry rolled his eyes. "I only want to spout that drivel once today thanks." Draco chuckled. He always made time to accompany Harry to these Ministry events where the Boy-Who-Lived had to make a grandiose speech full of meaningless proclamations - while he drank expensive champagne and made fun of his friend. Harry put a stop to him sitting in the front row attempting to make him laugh quite early on, so now he just meandered around in the back drinking and eating to his heart's content while Harry steadfastly ignored him. Almost an hour later they pulled to a stop in front of the entrance to a large and beautiful park that was currently surrounded by magical wards meant to dissuade Muggles from entering for the next twenty-four hours; they would suddenly remember that they had something else to do and walk in the opposite direction. Harry opened the car door and slipped out, absently straightening his clothes with a nervous tug as he walked over to the footpath. He hated public speaking but he didn't currently have a proper career and the pay was rather good for these things. After many a late-night discussion with Draco at Hogwarts, he had decided that he just didn't want to be an Auror anymore. Unfortunately that had been his goal for so long so he hadn't given any thought to doing anything else and was now just kind of drifting along until something inspired him. He had enough to live on so he wasn't in any hurry to jump into anything. Draco, on the other hand, dabbled in multiple pursuits; investing in various businesses in both the wizarding and Muggle world, as well as experimenting with his love of art and painting. Harry had once taken one of Draco's paintings to a local art gallery without his knowledge - and they sold it within a week. This had prompted Draco to start painting seriously and his artwork now sold at a few of the prominent London galleries. Draco had given Harry his very own painting as a thank-you for the push and it hung in place of pride in Harry's lounge. "Nervous?" Draco smirked as he walked beside Harry into the park, following the crushed gravel pathway underneath the white latticed archway. Harry spared him a withering look. "Yes." "I don't know why, you do these things all the time." "And I hate it every time," Harry replied sullenly. "They don't really pay attention to what I'm saying, they just sit there gawping." Draco chuckled. "Perhaps this time you should throw in something completely bizarre just to see if they notice." The thought cheered Harry immensely. "Yeah like, 'I miss Voldemort'." Draco laughed. "Or 'I have erectile dysfunction'." Harry laughed, trying not to read too much into Draco referencing his penis. The two walked across the lush green grass towards the crowd of gathered witches and wizards, most of whom were wearing white as the theme of the gathering was 'Summer Garden Party.' "Draco! Hey Draco!" Harry and Draco turned to see Blaise Zabini jogging over to them in a white suit with pale pink tie. "I didn't know you were going to be here Malfoy," he said, bright blue eyes glancing at Harry before returning to Draco's face, "should've known since Potter was scheduled." Draco frowned slightly. "What are you doing here?" Blaise shrugged as he glanced at the crowd. "A party's a party." He turned to Harry. "Plus I do so enjoy your speeches Harry." Harry rolled his eyes and looked away. He had never got on with Blaise, even though he was a friend of Draco's. His arrogance and humour had always seemed a lot nastier than Draco's. Draco's attitude was usually entertaining while Blaise just appeared cruel. Of course, he could be biased because he knew Blaise and Draco had fooled around in school and it made his blood boil with jealousy. "Ah Harry, you're here." Harry was relieved for the distraction as Minister Shacklebolt came to collect him for his speech. "Show time," Harry sighed aside to Draco. "Don't forget about your erectile dysfunction," he murmured so that only Harry could hear. Harry snorted and walked off to do his duty. "So," Blaise said casually as he followed Draco to the large buffet table, "when are you going to fuck him?" Draco deliberately took his time selecting a tall flute of champagne before turning to Blaise with a long-suffering look. "You are beyond vulgar Zabini." Blaise smirked and grasped his own glass of champagne. "From you, I'll take that as a compliment. But seriously Malfoy, I'm tired of you dancing around him like a dog in heat. Just fuck him already and move on." Draco turned to watch as Harry was led to a large white gazebo at the front of the crowd, his dark head nodding at something the Minister was saying. "It's not like that Zabini," he said quietly. "What? You don't want him?" he asked disbelievingly. "Not like that." "Oh well, in that case, you wouldn't mind if I…? Sharp grey eyes turned on Blaise. "Yes I certainly would." Blaise frowned for half a second before his expression brightened in understanding. "Holy fuck, you're in love with him!" "Would you kindly keep your voice down?" Draco hissed. Blaise sniggered as Draco glanced around them nervously. "Why haven't you told him?" he asked, his tone finally losing its superior drawl. As much as he adored taunting Draco, he truly did care about the man deep down. "It's obvious he's crazy about you." "What makes you say that?" Draco asked; trying to keep his voice down as Harry began his speech up at the front, his familiar voice echoing out from the microphone. "Merlin Draco, the way he looks at you when you're not paying attention… It's not just a one-night stand he wants from you either, I can see it in his eyes; he's imagining a wedding and little Malfoy-Potter babies." Blaise smirked. Draco snorted, his eyes travelling back to Harry standing alone in the middle of the raised gazebo; he looked strong and confident, not a trace of his previous nervousness showing. Draco shook his head with a look of admiration and affection. This was the reason he came to these things, Harry looked incredible up there and he could just stare at him to his heart's content without raising suspicion. "You're lying," Draco finally replied, turning back to Blaise. "Honest Malfoy, would I joke about something as tawdry as love?" he asked, wrinkling his nose with distaste. Draco smiled softly. He never honestly thought Harry would be interested in dating someone like him, the Gryffindor hadn't dated anyone since Hogwarts and Draco just thought he was extraordinarily picky and hadn't met the right man yet. He'd teased him a few times about his lack of a love life but Harry was always very quiet and shrugged off any prying questions. Could this be the reason why? Could Harry be secretly harbouring feelings for him ? Blaise whistled at his friend's expression. "Man, you have it bad," he said as he turned to grab a cucumber finger-sandwich and tossed it into his mouth. Draco shook his head. "It's a nice fantasy Blaise but Harry would have confessed his feelings to me, he's a Gryffindor through and through." Blaise waved his hand in the air dismissively as he swallowed. "He hasn't told you, you haven't told him… It's a classic hide your feelings because you're too scared of being rejected and hurt scenario." "But we have such a great friendship, why