Chapter 1 Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson or the Avengers, all rights go to Rick Riordan and Marvel Third Person POV (Always will be Third Person with watching movies) Percy and his friends were arguing over what movie to watch. Percy, Leo, Jason, and Nico wanted to watch The Avengers . Annabeth, Piper, Reyna, and Thalia wanted to watch Divergent . Frank and Hazel said that they did not mind as long as they decided soon. A week ago, Percy and his friends watched the movie Troy and the characters were based on them. Apollo sent Percy a copy of The Avengers based on the same concept. Annabeth wanted to watch Divergent because it was suppose to be a good movie. So there they were, arguing and it was becoming very dangerous. Piper and Reyna had their hands on their daggers, while Annabeth wielded her Drakon Bone sword. Thalia was holding her spear in hand. Percy held Riptide, Jason was holding his gladius , Leo was holding a sledgehammer, and Nico held his Stygian iron sword. They obviously did not want to fight, but it was hard to convince the girls otherwise. The boys really did not want to watch that movie. "Annabeth, how about we watch that movie next week?" Percy pleaded. "How about we watch your movie next week?" she retorted. "But this one is awesome!" Leo countered. "Fights, explosions and more fights!" Annabeth huffed. She stayed silent for a count of ten. The entire time she looked at Percy who was giving her his best 'cute baby seal eyes'. "Fine," she snapped. She and the other girls went to sit on the couch while Percy went and put the DVD in the player. Percy was about to sit with Annabeth when she told him to take the couch next to her. There was no room as all four girls sat on the couch. Percy started to protest, but Annabeth quickly put a stop to it. Reluctantly, Percy sat on the couch. He was still close enough to kiss her, but he could not wrap his arm around her. Percy hit the play button and the movie had begun. Leo was jumping up and down in his seat. The Marvel logo flashed across the screen. It then evaporated into the background which consisted of a glowing cube. The cube glowed a bright blue. The Paramount logo came up and- similarly to the Marvel logo- disappeared within the cube. The camera zooms out and a metallic voice speaks, "The Tesseract, has awakened. It is on a little world. A human world. They would wield its power,..." The scene shows a figure kneeling. It continues to speak, "But our ally knows its workings as they never will. She is ready to lead. And our force, our Chitauri, will follow." They show a figure being handed a scepter while the other aliens cheer. "The world will be hers. the universe will be yours. And the humans, what can they do but burn?" "Well, that is a happy thought," Thalia says. "For Nico, that would be downright cheerful," Reyna joked. "Shut up!" Nico yelled at the two girls. A helicopter is flying across the valley. The night time sky is being lit up by a light over the hill. A military base is below. The helicopter continues to fly while a man speaks on an intercom, "All personnel evacuation has been confirmed. Proceed to you designated vehicles. This is not a drill." The helicopter lands and a woman is waiting for the people to exit. Two women exit the helicopter. One is holding a briefcase, wearing an eye patch. "How bad is it?" the one in the eye patch asks. "That's the problem, ma'am. We don't know," the one waiting outside the helicopter explains. "That's us!" Annabeth, Reyna, and Hazel exclaimed. "Annabeth is Fury? I can see that," Percy said rubbing his chin. "And Reyna and Hazel work as agents," Leo added, also rubbing his chin. The groups takes an elevator down to a low level. Hazel is explaining things to Annabeth and Reyna. "Dr. di Angelo read an energy surge from the Tesseract an hour ago." "Nico is the doctor!?" Jason, Percy, and Leo exclaimed/ questioned. "I guess, but why?" Nico asked. "Beats me," Annabeth said, "you're almost as dumb as Seaweed Brain." Percy fake gasped, "I am not dumb!" Annabeth kissed him, "Yes, you are." "NASA didn't authorize di Angelo to test phase," Annabeth calmly states. "He wasn't testing it, he wasn't even in the room. Spontaneous advancement," Hazel explains. "It just turned itself on?" Reyna asked. "What are the energy levels at, now?" Annabeth asked. "Climbing. When di Angelo couldn't shut it down we ordered an evac." "How long to get everyone out?" Annabeth asked. "Campus should be clear in the next half hour." "Do better." "Annabeth is the pushy one in this," Leo joked. He was hit on the head, and looked at Annabeth, but she just shrugged. "Wasn't me," she smiled. 'Then wha-" Leo started, but was doused with water. "Percy? Really?" "Don't insult my girlfriend," Percy calmly said. "Fine," Leo mumbled while Jason and Frank stifled laughs. Hazel turned to leave and Annabeth and Reyna continued down a spiral staircase. Reyna was speaking to Annabeth, "Ma'am, evacuation may be futile." "We should tell them to go back to sleep?" Annabeth asked. "If we can't control the Tesseract there may not be a minimum safe distance," Reyna continued. "Reyna is seriously acting pessimistic," Nico joked. "Watch it, Dr. di Angelo," Reyna taunted. Annabeth spoke over her shoulder as the two moved towards the area where they are needed, "I need you to make sure that PHASE 2 prototypes are shipped out." "Ma'am, is that really a priority right now?" "Until such time as the world ends, we will act as though it intends to spin on. Clear out the tech below. Every piece of PHASE 2 on a truck and gone." "Yes, ma'am," she turned to the agents, "With me." Annabeth enters a large room and shouts at a man, "Talk to me doctor," she demands. Leo opened his mouth, but closed it. His clothes were wet and he could dry them off with his fire as that might hurt his friends and burn the house. "Director," he says walking over to Annabeth. "Is there anything we know for certain?" she asks. "Tesseract is misbehaving." "Is that supposed to be funny?" "No, its not funny at all. The Tesseract is not only active, she's... misbehaving." "How soon until you pull the plug?" "She's an energy source. If we turn off the power, she turns it back on. If she reaches peak level..." "We've prepared for this, doctor. Harnessing energy from space." "How does one prepare to harness energy from space?" Jason asked. "Beats me," Percy shrugged. "Nico is pretty smart in this," Annabeth noted. "Even though he probably doesn't know what Movie him is saying," Thalia joked. "I know what Movie Me is saying! I just don't understand..." Nico defended. They all laughed. "We don't have the harness. Our calculations are far from complete. Now she's throwing off interference, radiation. Nothing harmful, low levels of gamma radiation." "Oh, you know, gamma radiation is so safe," Percy snickered. "The Hulk turned out great because of it," Leo added. "That can be harmful. Where's Grace?" Annabeth asked. "The Hawk? Up in her nest, as usual," Dr. di Angelo said pointing to an area behind him. "Which Grace is he talking about?" Jason asked. "Probably Thalia, considering Hawk Eye is good with the bow," Percy answered. Thalia was watching the scene carefully when Annabeth's voice came on, "Agent Grace, report." "Told you it was Thalia," Percy smirked. "Cool, I'm still gonna kick butt with my bow," Thalia nodded in approval. She slides down a rope and starts walking around the facility with Annabeth. Annabeth speaks first, "I gave you this detail so you could keep a close eye on things." "Well," Thalia started, "I see better from a distance." "Are you seeing anything that might set this thing off?" Before he could respond a scientist speaks to the Doctor. "Doctor, it's spiking again." Thalia and Annabeth walk over to the Tesseract while Thalia explains what she has seen, "No one's come or gone. Its oven is clean. No contacts, no I.M.'s. If there was any tampering, ma'am, it wasn't at this end." "At this end?" Piper asked. "I don't know," Annabeth grudgingly said. "D-did I just hear y-you say that!?" Percy yelled. "Yes, I don't know something. Happy?" Annabeth sighed. Percy leaned over and kissed her, "Very." "At this end?" Annabeth asked. "Yeah, the cube is a doorway from space, right? The doors open from both sides," Thalia explained. Dr. di Angelo is typing away on a keyboard to keep the Tesseract under control. Suddenly, the Tesseract sparks; shaking the whole facility and causing panic. The people in the room watch it continue to spark until it creates a black hole a little ways away. The black hole disappears along with the beam that created it. The force of its disappearance is so strong that it shakes the entire room. A figure is standing on the platform and its body is steaming. Men approach it with guns raised. The figure slowly rises and stares at the people in the room. They all stare back. "That looks like... Gaea," Leo mumbled almost to himself. "This isn't good," Reyna whispered to Piper. "Ma'am, please put down the spear," Annabeth commanded. The figure looked at its spear. It then pointed it at Annabeth and Thalia and fired. Thalia pushed Annabeth out of the way. The woman jumped at the other men armed with guns. The men fired, but the bullets seemed to have no effect. She continued to fire the spear's energy at people. When the fighting stops, the lab is destroyed. Sparks and smoke are emerging out of the destroyed machines. Thalia stands and is about to throw a weapon, but the woman grabs her arm. She looks at him and speaks, "You have heart." Annabeth starts to stand and looks at Thalia and the woman. The woman places the edge of her spear against Thalia's chest and a blue energy emerges. Thalia's eyes go black. When the normal color returns, it is a blue the color of the Tesseract. The woman smiles at her. Annabeth watches in disbelief as one of the best agents is beaten. "What the Hades just happened?" Thalia demanded. "I think you were possessed," Jason answered. He, Leo, and Percy shuddered, remembering the eidolons possessing their bodies. Annabeth removed the Tesseract from the case and set it in a briefcase. While this occurred, the woman walked over to any survivors and performed the same ritual as the one on Thalia. Annabeth started to leave, but was stopped by the woman speaking. "Please don't," she said, calmly. She turned to her, "I still need that." "This doesn't have to get any messier," Annabeth said, turning. "Of course it does, I've come too far for anything else. I am Gaea and I am burdened with glorious purpose," Gaea said. "Oh great," Leo grumbled, "We fight Gaea again ." "Leo, this never happens," Piper said. "Still..." "Gaea? As in Mother Earth?" Dr. di Angelo asked. "We have no quarrel with your people," Annabeth said. "An ant has no quarrel with a boot," Gaea stated. "Who said anything about ants?" Percy asked. "it's a comparison," Annabeth sighed. Thalia whispered in her ear, "There is no helping him." "Are you planning to step on us?" Annabeth asked. "I come with glad tidings, of a world made free," Gaea continued. "Free from what?" Annabeth asked again. "That is just like Annabeth to keep the enemy talking," Percy said. "Classic Annie," Thalia added. "Don't call me 'Annie'," Annabeth grumbled. They laughed while she blushed. "Freedom. Freedom is life's great lie. One you accept that, in your heart..." Gaea turned with er staff