Disclaimer: I DO NOT OWN ANY CHARACTERS OF THIS STORY ALL BELONG TO STEPHANIE MEYER This is my first story. PLease enjoy. Chapter One Senior year was amazing. I had my friends, my brother Emmett and my best friend Edward. But he wasn't just my best friend. He was also the man I was hopelessly in love with. It was the first day of school and I knew time would fly by. I had nine months until graduation. Nine months until I had to say goodbye that I have grown especially close with. It was going to be a bitter sweet moment. Slowly I pulled into the school parking lot. Everyone knew it was me. I was rich. Not that I bragged about it because I hated when people were only friends with me or would flirt with me because I was loaded. It wasn't like that with Edward. His family was also rich. The funny thing is one of my really good friends Alice is Edward's sister. She knows I have feelings for one Edward. I'm just too afraid to tell him. Slowly I climbed out of my 2010 black and red Chevy Camaro SS. Edward's face lit up when he saw me. He was so gorgeous. Tall, tanned muscular skin, short bronze tousled colored hair, emerald green eyes, and a smile that just made you melt. I couldn't help but blush around him. "Hey Bella" I groaned when I heard his voice. None other than Mike Newton. The kid who would not give up. After telling him no for a million times he still would bug me. Lowly I turned around to face him. Mike was your stereotypical pretty boy. He was tall but not as tall as Edward, bright blue eyes, tanned muscular skin, he was a bit scrony. Short spiked dirty blonde hair. He was very charming and very flirty just not who I am interested in. "Hello Mike." I said forcing a smile. "So what are your plans this weekend? We should go check out a movie." "Thanks but I have plans." I lied. "Oh come on Bella. We would be perfect together…." I began to zone out. Ignoring Mike. He was going on and on why we are perfect together. I glanced to see Edward laughing with my brother Emmett, Alice, Jasper and Rosalie. Someone help me. Quickly I pulled out my I-phone and shot Edward a text. Bella: SAVE ME! I glanced up and watched as Edward glanced at his phone laughing. He couldn't help but grin as he made his way toward me. Thank god. I turned to face Mike like I was actually listening. "There you are." Edward beamed as he draped his arm around me. I couldn't help but smile. "Excuse me but we were talking." Mike snapped. "Oh well. Come on Bella" Edward said. I smiled as Edward led me to toward our group of friends. I was so glad to have Edward by my side. We were such great friends. "Thank you." I whispered. "Anytime." I laughed when I saw my brother Emmett goofing around with Jasper. Everyone called us all weird. Weird because Jasper's sister Rosalie is my brother's girlfriend and I love her might I add. But Jasper is also dating Edward's sister Alice. Which only leaves Edward and I. But we are just friends. Even though I would like to be so much more. But I was too afraid to say anything. "Hell Bella" Rosalie and Alice beamed. "Hey" Alice was very bubbly and energetic. Too much sometimes. Alice was a short little petite thing, short spiky red hair and emerald green eye. Pale skin. She was beautiful. And all she cared about was fashion. She was going to Paris after we graduate for school. Jasper is actually going with her and there he is going to study medicine to become a heart surgeon. They are perfect actually. Rosalie is perfect for my brother she keeps him in line. Every guy in school wants to be with her but no one won her heart except my brother. Rosalie was beautiful. Like a model beautiful. Thin slender body, bright blue eyes, long blonde hair, pale skin, thin pink lips and a smile that melted my brother's heart. Rosalie loved my brother and she hated Mike and I loved her for that. She was like having a sister. And she was one of my good friends. Instantly Edward was pulled into a headlock by Jasper I laughed as I watched the three boys goof around. Jasper was shorter than my brother and for a short guy he really could take his own. He was short, hazel green eyes with short dirty blonde shaggy hair. Tanned muscular skin. He sure could hold his own. I stood with Rosalie and Alice watching them three do what they do best. Goof off. Girls would gawk at my brother as they walked by. "Keep walking." Rosalie snapped. "Yeah, eyes off my brother." I yelled. Alice and I couldn't help but bust out laughing. My brother was very handsome. Tall, tanned muscular skin, short dark brown crew cut hair, brown eyes just like me. Dimples and a smile that had every girl weak in the knees. But it was always and only Rosalie for him. I remember when the Hale's first moved here. I swear my brother was in love. Every day he would come home talking about Rose and it was cute. I groaned as I saw a red Porsche pull in. The one girl I hated more than anything. Tanya Denali. She used to date Edward until she decided to break his heart. She still tried to be all chummy with me because I am his best friends. But I hated her. I hated her for two reasons. One because she broke his heart and two because she had the chance to be his. "Come on lets go Bella" Rosalie said. "Yeah, lets" I said. I headed into school with Rose and Alice. The boys followed slowly behind. "Hi Bella" Tanya beamed. Why was she still trying to be chummy with me? Didn't she get I hated her guts? "Hi" I bit out. I rolled my eyes as I headed into school and straight to my locker. I didn't want to be bothered by her. "Those are cute." Rosalie grinned. She was pointing of the pictures of Edward and I laughing and having fun. I knew what she was getting at. She wanted me to tell him how I feel. "Drop it Rose." I said shaking my head. "I'm just pointing out the facts." I couldn't help but laugh. "Hey beautiful." Edward said leaning against the locker. "Hi handsome." I said smiling. I couldn' help but be attracted to Edward. There was so much we had in common. Unlike Tanya. I was heartbroken when he started dating her. Maybe if I had told him how I felt sooner I would be his girlfriend but who knows. "Want to come over for dinner tonight? My mom wanted me to ask since both Charlie and Carlisle are working late at the law firm and Renee is working a double at the hospital." Edward said. "Sure why not. I'll meet you at your house." I said smiling. "Awesome. I'll let her know. See you in Biology."Edward said. Gently he pulled me into his arms giving me a quick hug and kiss on the cheek before heading to class. Tanya was glaring at me the whole time. What was her problem? "Look who's jealous?" Alice said laughing. "Whatever she's the cheating whore." I said. As I turned to head to class I heard someone approaching me. "What the hell was that?" Tanya snapped. The person I didn't want to deal with. What the hell did she want? Slowly I turned around to face miss perfect. From her pale skin, long curly blonde hair and bright blue eyes. "What are you talking about?" I snapped. "That hug between you and Edward." "Why the hell do you care?" I snapped. "Because I want him back." "Ok, first off let me make this perfectly clear. I don't like you. You're a cheating whore who crushed my best friend's heart. Edward and I have been best friends since we were one. So yes we are close and yes we hug. But don't come to me expecting me to help you win him back because hell will freeze over before that ever happens and don't think you can tell me what I can and cannot do. So if you want someone to feel pity for you being a whore and cheating on my best friend go somewhere else do I make myself clear?" I snapped. Tanya stood shocked and speechless along with Alice and Rosalie. I was impressed with myself. I didn't think I would ever have the guts to stand up to her but I've finally had enough with her drama and head games. Especially when it came to Edward. "I'm sorry" Tanya said. Quickly I grabbed my things and headed to class with Alice and Rosalie following me. "Holy shit Bella." Alice beamed. I so badly wanted to turn around and kick her ass. She wasn't the one who comforted a heart broken Edward. Even though I had feelings for him and was kinda glad they split I was upset he was hurt because as long as he was happy I could be happy. But what I couldn't stand was when people like Tanya take advantage of Edward's kindness and mistake it for weakness. "Yeah, that was awesome." Rosalie said laughing. "Yeah, I've finally had enough." "I am sure someone is going to tell Edward." Alice said. "You think he will be mad?" "No, I think he will be pissed he wasn't there." Alice said laughing. "Yeah, I'll see you two later." I waved goodbye to my friends as I headed into my writing workshop class. Unfortunately Tanya was in this class as well. She sat with her friends in the back right corner of the class. I made my way to the back left corner of the room. Away from her. She wouldn't even look at me. And neither would her friends. But I knew her games. She wasn't done. I made a fool of her so she would try to do the same to me. But she had nothing on me. I didn't sleep around like she did. And I wasn't mean to people. That's not how I was raised. "Good morning Class I am your teacher Mr. Mullen." I sat quietly as I listened to Mr. Mullen give us his life story. I was starting to fall asleep. I was jolted awake when the class laughed. "Ok, enough about me now I want you to write a paper on your summer vacation and what you plan on doing after graduation." Mr. Mullen said. Oh, this was easy. I was going to Harvard along with Emmett, Rosalie and Edward. I was studying journalism. Edward, Rose and Emmett were studying to be a lawyer. Maybe then we could date who knows. I logged onto my face book bored as I listened to Mr. Mullen rant on and on what we should do with our lives while in school. He always tends to get off subject. Just as I was about to log off Edward messaged me. Instantly I smiled. I don't know how he does it but he always can put a smile on my face. Edward: So I heard you had words with Tanya? Bella: Ha, who told you that? Edward: Tanya Bella: Yeah, someone needed to put her in her place so I did. Edward: Damn and I missed it? LOL Bella: Why was she talking to you anyways? Edward: Apparently she wants to talk. You aren't jealous are you?...lol Bella: No I'm not jealous. I don't like how she hurt my best friend. That's all =) Edward: Thanks Bella =) You're the best