Memory Dust Chapter 1: Living in a Lie The owl flapped her wings energetically, floating to the window where she always delivered the Daily Prophet in the morning. Finally reaching her destination, she landed on the window from outside, knocking into it with her beak. She soon saw a woman with longish red hair wearing a robe walk into the kitchen, wiping her eyes and stretching. Lazily nearing the window, she opened it and let the owl in. Ginny Weasley quickly took a Daily Prophet from her, shoving two Knuts into a bag she carried. Before departing, the owl had a refreshing drink of the water that always waited for her every morning. Once the owl was gone, Ginny left the window open to let fresh air in, inhaling the unsullied scent of spring coming. Pulling a chair from the table, she placed it by the window and sat down, opening the Daily Prophet to see whether anything new had occurred, whether there was anything new of Ron and Hermione. Three years had passed by too quickly; Harry and Ginny hadn't even noticed. They spent the majority of their time looking for their lost friends, without success. Browsing through the pages, Ginny closely examined every piece of information that might finally be the main clue, the key to their mysterious disappearance. A lot of time went by, a lot of days were lost, a lot of moments unnoticed, but Ginny still had hope and even though that hope had not left her, it was slowly but surely weakening. Harry, on the other hand, seemed to have lost his faith long ago. "Good morning, love," he said from the doorway, walking over to her and pressing a soft kiss onto her forehead. Ginny smiled at the touch of his lips and tenderly ran her hand up his arm. Yawning, Harry went to the kitchen counter and poured himself a glass of cold water. Drinking it in one gulp, he looked inquiringly at Ginny, knowing that searching look of hers by heart. Every morning, every day, her routine was the same. No matter the weather, no matter what else was happening, she needed to look through the Daily Prophet in case she missed something. "Look!" Harry jumped at her sudden loud voice. Running a hand through his bed-tousled hair, which was messier than usual, he walked over to her, wondering what on earth she could have seen. "What is it?" "Look here, Ron and Hermione are mentioned here. We are, too, but look… there's even a photograph! It's an article about Hogwarts and Quidditch. Oh my, Lee Jordan wrote this and he added photos of celebrations we had in our common room." Harry couldn't help but smile as the beautiful memories flooded back to his mind. After all, memories of Ron and Hermione were the only things he had left. The photo had been taken in their fifth year; Ron was holding the Quidditch cup, his robes wet from all the butterbeer that had been poured on him and Hermione was clutching his arm, smiling proudly up at him. Harry never knew of this moment, but even though back then he hadn't even considered the possibility of the two of them getting together, he could see that the devotion and admiration had been in their eyes even then. "Aren't they beautiful together?" Ginny said softly. Harry nodded absent-mindedly, but returned to reality as Ginny stood up and tore the article carefully out of the paper. Striding over to the cupboard, she opened it and pulled out a black folder, holding it with special care. She highlighted sentences about Ron and Hermione and placed it between a stock of articles, photographs and other papers that had something to do with either Ron or Hermione. There was also a small silky fabric, in which was wrapped Hermione's engagement ring. Ginny ran her fingers across it, but she resisted the urge to take it into her hands and think about everything too intently, as she had done a hundred times before. "You know, it's such a shame they had so little time for each other." Furrowing her brows, Ginny tilted her head to one side and thought for a second. "Harry? Do you think there is any possibility they may be together?" "We've been through this, Gin," Harry said gloomily, his pessimistic mood taking over him once more. Looking up from the folder and to Harry, Ginny couldn't hide her sudden frustration. "Why are you so jumpy every time I talk about them? They may be lost, but certainly not from my heart, so don't ask me to forget them." Smacking his forehead, Harry shut his eyes and scratched his head. "I never asked you to do that, nor do I plan to… ever. I'm not trying to forget them, but it's just…difficult to go through this every goddamned morning! I know it's hard, believe me that this whole thing is not any easier for me, even though it's been three years. I'm just saying we should move on. We've been looking for them for so long and found nothing." Closing the folder with a thud, Ginny violently pushed it back into the cupboard and slammed it shut. Without looking at Harry, she stomped out of the room with her arms crossed, leaving Harry by himself. She loathed him when he said things like that. When he was discouraging her and second-guessing her actions. When he looked at her as if she was crazy, chasing ghosts. But what she hated even more was the fact that he was right, and she knew it. She understood that he had had enough, that he wanted to live a normal life, even if it had to be without his loved ones. Ginny also knew that she wasn't helping much since she was 'chasing her ghosts' as Harry once called it when having an argument with her and that happened quite a lot lately. Harry desperately tried to cope with what was left to come, cope with reality, cope with everything. That's what he'd been doing all his life – coping. He had been through a lot and tried to close his eyes before possibilities and false hope, and Ginny knew it was because he didn't think he could take another heartbreak. And that was why he tried to believe Hermione and Ron were dead. Everything led to that conclusion. Ginny tried as well, she went to bed every night, telling herself she would move on and live with Harry, the love of her life, always remembering her brother and best friend as wonderful people that had great impact on her life. However, every morning, she let that owl in and read the bloody Daily Prophet . Sometimes inner feelings don't allow you to forget and go on, they make you search and continue searching for the truth until you're out of your mind. Ginny knew she was close to it anyway, but she also knew that Ron and Hermione were somewhere, alive and waiting for her to find them and bring them back. One thing was for certain – Ginny Weasley would not rest until she'd caught all her ghosts. A young girl hummed to herself her favourite song from Bryan Adams, placing various groceries on shelves in a grocery store. A tag on her shirt read 'Chelsea' and she was about twenty years old, with short brown hair tied into a tiny ponytail. She had big brown eyes and was quite skinny. Out of the blue, a pair of strong arms grabbed her from behind and spun around the whole alley. She giggled, knowing by heart that action her friend would do when she wasn't paying attention. As she finally landed on the ground, she turned around to look at her co-worker, a man with red hair, blue eyes and the cutest expression on his face. "Ron! I told you to stop that. You always freak me out!" she laughed, smacking him playfully on his arm. "Don't lie…you love when I do that," he replied with a chuckle, ruffling her hair, purposely acting as though she were a kid. In reality, she was more than a kid to him, and she knew that. As they smiled at each other, Chelsea walked back over to the shelves, continuing her work. "What are you doing here? If I had a day off, I would spend the whole morning in bed," she said, smiling at him. Returning the smile, Ron walked over to her and began helping her. "I woke up early and realized my fridge is empty, so I had to go and do some shopping. I don't like to lay in bed hungry." As much as Chelsea tried, she couldn't prevent her cheeks from turning red. This happened every time she and Ron joked around, were close or just smiled at each other. She couldn't help herself, couldn't help feeling a deep affection toward this funny, good and high-spirited man. He could always make her laugh and his sense of humour was like no one else's. Ever since they began working together, Chelsea's feelings for Ron had grown stronger and stronger. She didn't have any idea what he felt for her, because even though he didn't seem like it, Ron was one big mystery, not only to her, but to everybody around. He didn't like to talk about himself or his past and family; sometimes it seemed he didn't know what to talk about and rather remained silent. Chelsea liked him very much despite this and although they were great friends, she wanted more. But she was afraid. Sometimes when he looked at her, she felt as though he shared her feelings, but other times…she was convinced he saw her as no more than a friend. She wouldn't risk their friendship. And what was even weirder…sometimes she felt as though Ron didn't belong to her, but someone else. She could never quite understand why she had that feeling, but in the end she reckoned it was her doubts and worries creating it. Another thing that Chelsea - and not just her, but other people as well - admired or envied about Ron was his carefree mood. He appeared as though nothing could get to him, as though he never went through anything horrible; he appeared purely innocent, despite his roguish, wild nature. "Chelsea? Hello! Where are you?" Breaking back to reality, Chelsea noticed Ron's hand waving in front of her face, his expression amused. Grinning slightly, Chelsea ran a hand through her hair. "Sorry, I got lost in thought. Anyway, I have a free evening…how about going out to see a movie?" she offered happily, hoping Ron would agree. Furrowing his eyebrows, Ron tapped his chin. "Hmm, I don't know…you know…my calendar is full…Being me has its disadvantages, what with all the attention and work I have." Laughing, Chelsea threw a pack of rice she was holding at him, which he dropped. She laughed some more and so did Ron. "Come to my house at seven. We'll go see a film and have lots of fun. Just like last time." Beaming at her, Ron nodded. "Okay then…I'll be there." Feeling as though she just hovered a few inches above the ground, Chelsea tried not to look too happy, but inside she was screaming with happiness. They kept doing their work in silence, Chelsea turning pink every time their arms brushed against each other. "Ron? Tell me some childhood stories. I mean, you must've been a very goofy kid," grinned Chelsea, thinking that childhood stories couldn't ruin anything. She expected Ron to start speaking excitedly, but to her surprise he leaned an arm against the shelf and furrowed his eye brows. Looking confused, Ron held his chin in his fingers, this time really looking thoughtful. "Ron?" "You won't believe this, but…I don't remember any." Wincing, Chelsea fixed her eyes upon him, thinking it was another of his jokes, but