This is my first fanfiction ever, I have NEVER written anything like a story before and you can probably tell. But hey we all got to start somewhere right. WARNING: I tend to make mary sues so bare with me. This contains mature content and my english grammar isn't the best there is so a heads up for any spelling mistakes . My eyes were trained on my target as I silently made my way through the crowd, taking in all that surrounded me. The train station was full of people which made my job a lot easier, I could easily escape in the crowd if something went wrong. Nobody was paying attention to us and I could do my job in silence. I arrived at the location near the flowershop at exactly 10:15 and signaled to my partner that I would do one last survey to make sure everything was still in place. He gave me a silent nod before he too, disappeared into the shadows. As I silently studied the ceiling I spotted a weak spot between two beams and knew that Dean had to place the last bomb there. I grabbed my cellphone and gave him a quick encrypted message about what to do. If this went well Snow would reward us with generous amounts of money and privilages. I was so occupied with thoughts that when I bumped into someone I felt slight panic rush through my veins. I couldn't make a scene or the mission was to be aborted. I wanted to solve this matter quickly, like nothing happend and leave no impression whatsoever. The impact of my body against hers was enough to send her flying to the ground. A piece of meat and some coins shot out from under her jacket which she quickly shoved back under. Hands trembling. Probably stolen ... My eyes met her briefly but I could see they were full of fear. "Solve it quickly my ass" In my mind I cursed. "Oh I'm so sorry I didn't see you" The girls eyes roamed my appearance for a bit before her eyes became wide. "I was only...please let me get back to my family, don't punish me for stealing food peacek-" Before she could say the word and endanger our mission I pulled her into me in one quick movement and crashed my lips upon hers earning utter shock from the girl as her cheeks turned red. Her lips didn't move against mine and instead I found her biting down on my lip hard drawing blood, fighting against the sudden attack, she was a fighter. I smiled. "Dana! So good to see you again where have you been? I haven't seen you in ages" I patted her on the back and gave her hand a light squeeze. Earning a confused expression from the brunette infront of me. The few people that had gathered around us started to move on, my act had worked. In the back of the crowd I could see Marvel giving me a small nod in approval. He too agreed with my quick thinking. I grabbed the girl by her arm and roughly shoved her into the more quiet quarters of the station. "Look!" I hissed "Don't ever call me a peacekeeper again you scum! I don't know where you got that idea but keep your filthy mouth shut! Next time watch where you're going or I'll sell you out for stealing food and money!" I watched her grey eyes pierce my blue ones briefly and before I could stop the scene unfolding into something I was trying to avoid I felt a sting on my cheek. "NEVER!" She hissed back while clutching her now injured fist "EVER kiss me again in public you bastard! YOU bumped into ME and then you KISSED me! YOU violated me in public! You're the scum here not me!" It was then that I saw the spark in her eyes, the spark I knew that would soon be extinguished. Before I let my anger get the best of me I stormed off into the direction of the flowershop, I could not afford getting angry over a bitch right now, not when we were so close. "Wow Cato, looks like you finally found your match" Joked Marvel who was now beside me moving ever so quick and stealthy as I did. My face turned blank and I ignored the sting on my cheek. "It is time" was all Marvel could get out of me. Within seconds the bombs near the exits and entrances exploded, trapping all people inside the station. Screams could be heard and the place turned into a bloodbath. Marvel grabbed his shotgun and started to round people up only to have them shot down my him later. I too jumped into action and easily snapped some necks before I also grabbed a gun and started to add meat to the feast. I shut out all the screams and people begging for their lives. Don't get me wrong, I liked killing people but I couldn't let myself be consumed by it no not on a mission. My order was to kill and that was what I was going to do. Amidst the chaos the back of my mind still looked for the girl that had punched me with so much fire. I was going to make her pay if I ever found her in this fucking train station. "Cato! We're going to do one last check up on the eastern wing can you check the bathrooms there and the shops? Kill any survivors" Marvel said with a small smile upon his lips, he knew what was going on in my mind. "Don't worry! If I find her I'll bring her to you!" I nearly tripped over bodies as I neared the flowershop. Its smell made me almost puke, the smell of flowers and death mixed together didn't go well. Opening the doors I stepped inside and scanned the area. Threshfollowing in behind me. Within the corner of my eye I saw movement and immediately pointed my gun in that direction. "Well Cato look who is hiding behind these flowers?" Thresh said as he dragged a girl with long red curls out from under a table. She was so afraid that her knees gave out and Thresh had to hold her up or else she'd fall again. Her eyes went rigid into their sockets as she eyed the gun and the blood on our hands. "Cato it's been a long day and she's quite beautiful...what do you think?" "You can take her as a prize if you want Tresh, but remember Snow said only one" "No no, not as a prize, I want to take her right here" With this the girls face went emotionless and I almost felt sad for her. Almost. She really was a beauty to look at. "You wanna have a go too?" Threshoffered but I refused. "No man, I'll keep watch you do...your...thing.." Cato turned his back on Thresh and the girl and tried to burn the piercing screams out of his hearing. Thresh yanked down his pants and forced her mouth on his cock. "Come on slut." The girl trembled as he forced his cock into her throat nearly choking her. I tried not to pay much attention when Dean came into view and started to shove himself up the girls ass. They'd do this every time they were on a mission and even though Cato raped a few himself as well, he never got used to being around other people raping others. He tried to shut them out of his mind when he heard a small noise coming from behind a large plant drawing his attention. He stealth walked his way over to the corner of the flower shop to see the girl from earlier sitting there in utter panic. He inwardly smirked. She hadn't noticed him yet and he could easily tell she was terrified. She nervously bit her bottom lip and her eyes were glued on the scene in front of her, face flushed red from embarrassment and panic. She was curled into a ball and her hands were brought over her mouth as not to make a noise. I softly walked my way over to her and when her eyes caught mine I saw tears slowly appear into them. Oh yes, she remembers me . She looked at the scene with the girl and then to me, face pale as a ghost. I backed her up in a corner so she had nowhere to go. Her body went rigid as I roughly grabbed her arm and shoved her into the wall behind her. "You kind of made me angry back there when you hit me babe" I purred into her ear as my grip on her arm tightened. I took out my gun and let the cold metal come into contact with her chin, trailing my way down to her stomach. I had to cover her mouth with my hand because she was screaming even louder than the girl being raped. "Don't worry I won't make you enjoy it so much as the girl over there does." I whispered to her as I pointed my head in their direction. Her head started to shake and her tears were now dropping on my hand. I trailed my other hand down to her neck and gave her a light squeeze. "We're going to have so much fun" My voice not higher than a whisper but loud enough so she could hear me. "Tell me girl, are you a virgin...?" Her eyes locked on the redhead who was now covered in blood and cum. "Well?" I pressed on and as grey locked with blue all emotion in them went away. "Well I demand an answer" My fist made its way towards her head and shoved it against the wall hard. Earning a muffled scream from the brunette which was much to my delight. "What do you have there Cato?" Marvel's voice slightly startled and I let go of her hair. "Ooohh I see you found your match again" He let out a laugh as he kneeled down beside me, taking in her appearance. "What did you do to her? She looks dead" "I didn't do anything to her yet, Threshand Dean probably scared the fuck out of her" I smirked inwardly. "What are you going to do with this one?" Marvel asked as he tucked a stroke of hair behind her ear. "I think I'll keep her as my prize and take her to my estate, besides she needs to be punished for what she did" I winked at the girl and as I did I thought I saw a hint of anger rise in them but it was gone in a second. "I found our target and killed him, along with his men." Marvel spoke up. "Yo Tresh! Round your girl up man we got to go" Cato yelled and with that Threshshot the girl in the head. "She was no fun at all" Dean stated. "Alright you guys go to the tunnels I'll erase our tracks and meet you in 10" Cato said as the men started to walk in the direction of their rendez vous point. Marvel started to lift the girl up "Shall I take her with us or do you take her with you?" Cato raised an eyebrow and smirked. "Marv you know me, I'll always escort a lady myself" I winked at the girl who could only stare at me. "Besides she won't go anywhere man, her legs won't even work and if they do I'll take care of it." The station was empty once again and everywhere the eye could see was blood. Random limbs were sprayed across the building, bullets, puke and a raped girl..this was one hell of a cleanup. "Are you going to sit there and be a good girl or should I