Chapter 1 -HP- It was a week before his 18th birthday, and Harry was feeling out of sorts. He supposed it was only natural, given the train-wreck that was his supposed final year at Hogwarts, but this felt different. Problem was, Harry didn't want to think about it too deeply, because he was fairly sure that his sense of disquiet was linked to that fact that this was the first summer he hadn't gone to the Dursley's. This was unsettling, to say the least. It wasn't that he missed them – that notion was ludicrous. It was more a sense of displacement, homelessness. Aside from Number 4, Privet Drive, the only place he ever called home was now a smouldering pile of rubble. Well, the latest reports suggested it was no longer smouldering, which he supposed was a good thing. Not that he'd know, being currently under house arrest at Grimmauld Place. Harry felt another uncharitable surge of rage as he thought of Ron and Hermione and his other friends, all of whom were currently camping around the outskirts of Hogwarts and helping to restore the castle to something approaching its former glory. Although, if he tried to think back to whose fault it really was, he supposed the blame lay squarely with Kingsley. The newly appointed Minister of Magic was taking a "personal interest" in him, which in reality meant inserting himself into Harry's affairs and ordering him about like an unwanted father figure. Harry checked his watch – the same battered hand-me-down from Dudley that he'd worn for years – and saw that it was nearly 10 o'clock. He'd promised Arthur to meet him outside Grimmauld place at 10, so they could apparate to the Ministry. He'd gotten his license soon after the battle, but it was still considered unsafe for him to be seen about town by himself. Grabbing his wand and rucksack, Harry bounded downstairs – being careful not to wake the banshee portrait of Sirius' mother on his way down. The house was looking marginally better than it had, thanks to a few visits from Mrs. Weasley. "Oh, ello Harry. Right on time." Arthur was already waiting outside the door when he opened it. They always showed up early, rather than risk having him stand outside by himself for too long. Amusingly, they all still thought they were being subtle about it. Harry sighed a long suffering sigh, trying to shake off the 'woe-is-me' funk he'd settled into. "Hello Arthur. All alright?" Harry engaged conversation as they made their way down the street and outside the anti-apparition zone. "Brilliant. Just brilliant. Been a busy week at the Ministry." "Busier than usual? What's been going on?" Harry sounded like a starving man begging for food, but the truth was he was that desperate for news. Either the Wizarding World had become exceptionally dull since the battle, or he was being blatantly lied to. He had a distinct feeling it was the latter. "Oh you know, lots of bureaucracy, lots of vacancies still to fill. It's all paperwork really." Harry bit down the scathing response he'd been itching to make all summer. "And the remaining Death Eaters?" Harry was fishing for gossip now. Arthurs face twitched. "They're still out there Harry. We pick up one, maybe two every other week. But it's slow going. They're slippery little weasels." "I can h…." "Harry." Arthur interrupted, and Harry fought down the spark of frustration. "You know you're in danger out there. We can't risk you." Of course you can risk me. I'm dispensable now remember? I've done my job. Harry thought bitterly, knowing he was being childish. "I know, I know." Harry waved the conversation away as they slowed to halt. "Shall we then?" They were going to be late to the hearing if they dallied any longer, and he had decided he really wasn't enjoying the conversation. "Yes, yes. How about you lead us this time – I'll side along." Arthur said this like he was doing Harry a favour. Throwing him a bone. If I let the boy apparate us then he'll feel useful, involved. "Sure." Harry gritted out a smile, holding out his arm. Feeling the weight of Arthur's grip on him, Harry flicked his wand while holding the mental picture of the Ministry atrium in his mind. He fought the familiar queasiness as the world seemed to constrict around him, instead holding his wand steady and keeping the image clear. A few painful, tube sucking moments later and they were standing before the reconstructed fountain – now depicting a wizened version of Dumbledore that Harry personally thought looked a bit fat and dopey. Harry gave yet another world weary sigh. Here we go again. -HP- The trials had been going on for weeks. When he had first been told about them by Kingsley, Harry had chucked what he now, in hindsight, admitted as a temper tantrum. The Ministry had been reduced to a motley collection of rapidly promoted juniors, new faces, and only a handful of veterans that had managed to survive unblemished. Predictably, this left a lot of open vacancies, and a lot of unanswered questions about what happened when Voldemort had taken control. Distrust was rife, and that was before you counted the Death Eaters who had been captured and were now trying to worm their way out of punishment. So Kinglsey had dragged Harry into the mess. Harry personally thought it was more to do with a PR tactic than a genuine interest in what he had to say, which was why he had resisted to begin with. Particularly when the alternative was going to Hogwarts with Ron and Hermione. It had taken one trial to change his mind, and Harry knew why Kingsley had done it. Dolores Umbridge, the smarmy little cow, had almost escaped punishment if it hadn't been for Harry's testimony. It was no secret how little regard Harry and the general Hogwarts population had for the toad-like ex-Professor. Since Dolores, Harry had suffered a further 12 trials that contained a mix of obvious Death Eaters, possible Death Eaters, weak men who had sold their souls to keep their jobs in the Ministry but weren't actually Death Eaters, and "the rest". Harry didn't always testify – but he found he could often validate a lot of their statements based on what he knew of Voldemort. "Who have we got today then?" Harry asked as they bustled into a lift with two other Ministry employees. Arthur eyed them warily, and waited till they exited on Level 5 (Department of Reparations and Reconstruction – newly created following the war) before answering. "Well, we've got three lined up for today – seemed only natural we try them together." Arthur was being deliberately vague, and Harry was not one bit fooled. "Three all at once? That's a bit strange. Unless they're fam…" Harry stopped abruptly as an unsettling thought crossed his mind. Arthur gave him an apologetic grin. "Surely you don't mean…" "Yes, I do." "But they're…" "They're what Harry? Guilty?" "…a little too close to home." He finished lamely. Harry recalled the events that took place in their 5th year, not far from where they were walking now, and felt his blood sizzle under his skin. Too close indeed. "Harry. If you can't be objective in there today, you'll be removed from the Wizengamot." Harry scowled darkly but stayed quiet. He suddenly felt oddly clammy, as if he were excited and frightened all at once. He simply could not, would not, let himself get emotional today. "Okay, okay. I'll be objective." Arthur gave him a genuine smile, and Harry was temporarily cheered. The older man clasped him on the shoulder warmly, using the gesture to also halt Harry's progress down the corridor. "We're here." Arthur pointed at a wooden door, identical to the others that lined the corridor. They changed the location of the trial every time. When Harry questioned this he was told it was to "keep 'em guessing." Although who exactly "them" referred to was never explained. "Right. Thanks Arthur. See you at 5?" "I'll be right here waiting for you." The Weasley patriarch smiled another warm smile, and Harry temporarily forgot what was on the other side of the door. The feeling didn't last long. As the iron hinges groaned shut behind him, Harry was distinctly aware of several pairs of eyes following him as he strode into the room and took his customary seat on the right of Kingsley. Again, Harry tried not to think too hard about what image the Minister was trying to project by having The Chosen one at his right hand side. Clearly, Harry was having post-war trust issues. -HP- "Good morning ladies and gentleman. Thanks again for your time today. Bring forth the first defendant." Kingsley was never one for pleasantries. The double doors at the back of the room opened, and two guards entered escorting Narcissa Malfoy. Well, start with an easy one at least. Mused Harry darkly as she took her seat in the centre. She had clearly pulled herself together for the trial. In the photos of her following the battle, she looked tired, drawn and pale – especially next to her equally decrepit looking husband. But alone, she almost seemed stronger, healthier. Not for the first time Harry wondered what the relationship between Lucius and Narcissa was really like. "Narcissa Black Malfoy. You have been brought before the Wizengamot to stand trial for your actions during the Second War." Harry held back a snort at the term. "Do you understand the seriousness of the allegations brought before you?" "I do." She said, firmly. Harry felt a begrudging respect for how calm she appeared. "Very well. Let us bring forth the first witness." The witnesses were few, and wobbly at best. They were clearly trying to throw as much crap at her as they could, hoping something would stick. The worst they seemed to be able to pin on her was witnessing crimes and not doing anything about it. Macnair, who they'd managed to manipulate into ragging on his fellow Death Eaters, told a slightly more colourful story, involving Narcissa opening up her home and hosting Voldemort for several weeks. It was nothing Harry didn't already know. "Thank you Macnair." Kingsley could not hide the disdain in his voice. "You may step down. I now call our final witness, Harry Potter." Harry swore loudly and colourfully inside his head, but to everyone present he appeared to calmly get out of his chair and walk to the witness stand. "Harry Potter, do you agree to be bound by the truth spell cast on this chair, and do you swear that you have taken no magical potions or remedies that would make you immune to the effects of the spell?" "I do." Harry said calmly, a storm inside. He had never bothered to explain to Kinglsey that, in a very similar way to the Imperious Curse, Harry could theoretically throw off the truth spell. It just wasn't worth the heart ache. "Very well Harry. Now, during the period of the Second War, did you have any direct contact with the defendant?" "I did." Harry was used to the cat and mouse game. He had tried to be a smart arse the first time and was duly punished for it afterwards with some stern words from Kingsley. Now he just played the game like a good little soldier. "Can you briefly describe these interactions for the Wizengamot?" Harry took a deep, drawn out breath. "I met her twice. Once was at Malfoy Manor. We were captured by Fenrir Greyback and a few other Death Eaters and taken to the Manor. Fenrir suspected I might be, you know, who I am – so he took us to the Manor to be identified." "Can you please clarify for the Wizengamot who you meant by 'us'?". Pompous arse. Harry muttered under his breath. "Ron, Hermione and