Nico & the Nine by juxtaPoseidon A/N: Just recently finished Blood of Olympus and I was shocked how quickly I fell in love with Solangelo. Shocked enough to return to fanfiction after a four-year hiatus and a purging of my old stories. Hopefully this time goes better than the first. I've also recently re-entered tumblr, and as such have a rather pitiful amount of followers. Not to self-promote too much, of course. If you enjoyed this story, my url is in my profile, no pressure. Chapter I Then he walked back across the green, where Will Solace was waiting. Nico di Angelo followed Will through the Apollo cabin, to a set of stairs at the back that he had never seen before. Not that he had ever spent a lot of time in the Apollo cabin. Sunshine and music were two things that didn't tend to hang around him, as a son of Hades. That was what had defined him almost entirely for the past few years of his life. Death. The death of his sister, Bianca. The death of the spirits he ended up spending almost all his time with. The deaths that fuelled his powers in the war against Kronos, and then later, Gaea. But now both those wars were over, and he didn't know what he was supposed to be doing now. Well, Will Solace certainly seemed to think he knew, and was rather upfront about that, which led him to where he was now, Cabin Seven. The cabin itself was moderately clean, especially compared to the Hermes cabin, one of two cabins that Nico had spent an extended amount of time in. Although the number of residence of Cabin Seven rivalled that of Cabin Eleven, the children of Apollo seemed to have much better cleaning habits. He supposed practicing medicine would inevitably lead them to have good hygiene. The only things that ruined the picture of a perfectly clean cabin were the various musical instruments scattered about the room, as though someone might need them on a moment's notice. "So what was that about?" Will asked. Broken out of his observations of Cabin Seven, Nico wasn't quite sure what Will was asking. "What was what about?" "You know... When you were talking to Percy." Nico couldn't see the other boy's face as he was leading him towards the stairs, but he had a distinct feeling he could see Will's ears reddening. "Just some unfinished business," Nico said. "Nothing to worry about." Not that Will would be worried if he had known that Nico was confessing his four year old crush on Percy. Why would he have any reason to worry about that? "I didn't know the Apollo cabin had a second floor," he said, eager to change the topic of conversation. "None of the other cabins do, do they?" "Our second floor only appears in emergency situations." Will explained. "The regular infirmary in the Big House gets really crowded and loud during times of war, so we have a second ward here for patients that aren't in immediate crisis and just need a place to rest. We always make sure there's a senior medic on duty, though. And lucky for you, that's me for the next three days." "But you're the head medic." Nico blurted out. "And the counsellor. Aren't there more things for you to do with the important emergency patients?" "For the first few days, sure. But everything's been gradually calming down, and now there's actually more complicated cases resting on our second floor." Will briefly turned back towards Nico to flash him a quick smile. "Besides, you are important." Thankfully he went up the stairs before he could see the wide eyed, confused, and definitely, certainly not blushing look on Nico's face. Trying to suppress the skeletal butterflies in his stomach, Nico followed the other boy up the stairs to an upstairs corridor lined with doors. Will gestured to one of the doors closest to the stairs. "This'll be your room. And don't even think about trying any underworld stuff, because I'll be staying in the room right next door while I'm on duty, and I'll know ." Nico stepped into the small, but well-lit room with a comfortable looking bed, purposefully ignoring the fact that Will would be sleeping just on the other side of the wall. He immediately went to the room's one window, and closed the solid black curtains. Will chuckled. "You have a problem with the sun or something?" When Nico looked back at him, he was smiling like he was joking, but there was something about the way he was standing that made it clear he was waiting to hear an actual answer. That was when Nico realized that he didn't have an actual answer. For what seemed like forever, he had been the son of Hades, destined to live in the shadows with the dead. He could barely even remember a time when sun meant being able to play Mythomagic outside, where the light would bounce delightfully off his special collector's edition foil cards, and his sister would look over to smile occasionally as she read her book under a nearby tree. He was sure that he was no longer the boy that could enjoy the sun and what it meant to him back then, but he didn't think he wanted to spend all his time in the shadows either, not after seeing how easy it was to slip into them and never return. So he answered Will by saying what was hopefully just pragmatic reasoning and not a sign of deeper issues. "I just didn't want the light in my eyes when I was sleeping. You were the one that told me to rest, after all" Will just continued to look at him. "I don't actually mind the sun if that's what you were wondering." Nico added, trying to sound as casual and noncommittal as possible. He wasn't sure if it worked, because Will just smiled again. Not an immediate beaming, just a slow smile that almost looked sly at first, but then became that grin that Nico knew all too well. "Good, because you're going to have to get used to it." Before Nico could react (or even find out what that was supposed to mean), Will started going back down the stairs. "You coming to breakfast? It'll be your last chance before your three day stay here which I will be enforcing." Nico allowed himself one small smile at that thought before following the older boy down the stairs. By lunchtime, Nico wasn't sure if he would make it through three days of nothing but rest, no matter who his doctor was and what his smile looked like. Breakfast had been a lively affair. The Romans weren't scheduled to leave yet, which meant he got to sit with Hazel at the Hades table, which meant that Frank couldn't stay away for long. Percy and Jason came over soon afterwards, declaring that their presence made this the new "Big Three" table, and their respective girlfriends joined them for the last half of the meal. Will was also there. For purely medical reasons of course, he wanted to make sure that Nico was eating well. "What do you mean you're only having an apple? Get some meat on those bones. Percy, give Nico your bacon. I don't care, you can get more later. Frank, you're huge, Death Boy needs that bread more than you do." "Do not call me Death Boy." Nico attempted to look menacing, but it was hard to keep up the look when just a little bit of drool escaped his mouth as Percy reluctantly gave him his bacon. "I'll stop calling you Death Boy, when you stop looking like it. Jason you don't need all of that milk, give some to Nico." But after breakfast was over, Nico went to him room in the Apollo cabin infirmary to begin his three day stay. Something he had clearly not thought through, as he had not brought anything to keep him occupied. Seeing as he had travelled almost constantly, he already didn't have a lot of his own possessions, but after his most recent adventure, he was left with nothing but the brightly coloured Hawaiian print clothes on his back. He couldn't even resort to his usual method of sending a skeleton under the cover of the Mist to go get him a book or something else to pass the time, since Will would probably extend his stay to three months if he tried. Practicing swordplay was down for the same reasons. And the only thing he found in his small infirmary room was a bouncy ball in the bedside table, the kind you might win from a gumball machine. What did normal people do with their free time? Nico wondered. Or if not normal people, then normal demigods. He couldn't deny that even among demigods he was a bit of an oddball. Annabeth read and designed buildings constantly. Percy usually sparred or went swimming. Other campers' past time seemed similarly dictated by their godly parent and what cabin they were in. Ares kids beat each other up for fun, Aphrodite's cabin was full of make up, clothes and gossip, and as of right now the Apollo cabin was too busy with the injured to enjoy their usual hobbies of archery and music. As he lay on his bed and stared at the ceiling, he absentmindedly wondered what Will Solace did with his free time. From what Nico had seen so far, he already seemed a lot more stubborn and aggravating than the stereotypical laid back, carefree child of Apollo. What else was different about him? He was clearly interested in medicine but on the other hand, his musical talent seemed only to extend to taxicab whistles. And most Apollo children seemed easily scared of Nico, while Will definitely was not. He definitely wasn't a typical Apollo kid. Nico didn't think he was typical at all. Sighing, he resorted to absentmindedly bouncing his new ball off the walls and ceiling, while letting his thoughts drift. To Hazel, to Reyna, to Mr. D and the strawberry fields, to Jules Albert, and maybe one too many times, to Will Solace. He didn't realize how much time had passed, but he was trying to bounce the ball off of the door, when it suddenly opened and he found himself instead bouncing a ball off of Will's forehead. "Sorry!" Nico said, mortified. But Will just laughed it off, and walked in to set down the tray he was carrying at the foot of Nico's bed. "So I guess that's what that weird thumping sound I kept hearing was. I thought I might have been imagining it. I brought lunch by the way, before you attacked me with that thing." Nico tried to pull off an annoyed look that probably ended up looking more like a pout. "It's not my fault! There's nothing to do here! How do people just stay in bed all day?" Will laughed again. Nico was getting a bit too used to the way his bright blue eyes lit up when he laughed. "Most people would kill to get a full day of rest. Meanwhile, I have to threaten to kill you to make you take a full day of rest." "It's not the resting I mind so much," Nico said, picking up a sandwich off the tray and examining it. Roast beef and tomato with cheese. "But what am I supposed to do while I'm resting?" "What do you usually do when you're not fighting monsters?" Will asked, sitting on the edge of the bed and taking a potato chip from the pile on Nico's lunch tray. "I don't know. Read, I guess. Or..." Nico trailed off. "Or...?" "Well... I just, you know, talk to people." Something about Nico's tone gave Will pause. "Who exactly?" "Just... whoever's around. Or whoever I can... bring around."