Welcome to my new AU. I know there is a lot of unsavory censorship happening on FF right now, but I don't have access to AO3 until 2013. I do however have a tumblr under the username glintwarsgreatest, which I use to update on my writing process and give previews out on a whim. I will also be working on creating a blogspot or a live journal in the next few days. If you want to read my other AU, "The Hard Road Taken" I hope you do so. These two stories will be vastly different. OK so after that little note here are some warnings: This story contains the following: sex. Rough language. Drug Use. Alcohol Abuse. Mental Abuse. Physical Abuse. Self Harm. Later on it will contain the following trigger warnings: Suicide, Rape, and Violent Death. I'm really not kidding around with those warnings either. This story is loosely based around my own life in high school/college and as a young adult. A quick summary: Katniss is 20 years old in her second summer at college before her Junior year officially starts. (I'm basing the college town around Florida State in Tallahassee where I went but I never come out and say it. But if you recognize some places I describe that's why.) She is a mess mentally, and emotionally, as her past continues to haunt her, causing her to rely on illegal substances to calm her mind. When she continues to run into a man who always manages to get under her skin she is taken on a journey of self discovery, as well as learning that sometimes the people you would least expect are as fucked up as you are. Here we go. (Sorry for any grammar mistakes or spelling errors. I don't have a beta and its late as I type this). I woke up on the cold hard floor of the tiled bathroom, not for the first time, and definitely not for the last. I struggled to lift my upper body up for a few seconds to take in my surroundings before collapsing with a loud groan. I used my arms one more time to flop myself off my stomach and onto my back, shielding my eyes from the light coming from the small window above the toilet. "Fuck." My voice was hoarse, and based on the smell coming from my mouth I had thrown up last night. Judging by my lack of clothing I had also been what some people refer to as "wild and out Katniss". I looked around from my spot on the floor for my phone, finding it on the edge of the tub. I had a lot of texts and missed calls. A standard "morning after blacking out" rule is to not read text or answer calls from unknown numbers, so I went straight to Gale's and Madge's messages. Madge's were the standard "let me know that you're alive" texts that I've come to expect given my penchant for blacking out all the fucking time. I quickly text her back telling her I'm alive and not in some stranger's bed, and that I would see her later for the details before opening Gale's awaiting messages. Gale and Madge are the only two people at this school I actually consider "friends", the main difference between the two of them being that I don't have sex with Madge, but I do with Gale. He's hot, he's a fun friend, and more importantly I don't always have to shave because he doesn't give a shit. Gale: Yo Catnip. Did you go home as alone as I did? Gale: And Glimmer doesn't get here until 9pm so get your ass over here in the morning. Me: I need to shower. Also if you wouldn't mind doing me a favor, I 'd like for you to fuck my hangover away. Be there in 30 mins. I used to care about how crass I had become over the past few years, but lately I had stopped caring. I didn't care what other people thought of me, and I really didn't care about what I thought of myself. Or actually, I think I cared about my own self-perception too much, which is why I haven't been consistently sober in over 3 years. But until the booze doesn't clear my head and the random sex stops being good I have no intentions to stop. I pulled myself up and into the shower, examining my new bruises from the night before. I vaguely remembered falling off a bar stool last night, which explained why my ass hurt so bad, but it was noting a few bars of xanax wouldn't fix. After I washed my hair, body, and brushed my teeth, I braided my hair and threw on a pair of shorts and an oversized sweatshirt. The best part of Gale being my fuck buddy is he didn't care what I looked like in my clothes, so I never have to dress up. I grabbed my purse and keys before heading out the door of my little one bedroom apartment towards my car. In my little piece of shit car I pulled on a pair of sunglasses and lit a cigarette. It wasn't a long drive to Gale's but it wasn't a quick one either, and when my stomach grumbled I pulled out my phone to call him. "Katniss you on your way?" He sounded annoyed. He was probably already hard and I was making him wait. Good for me. "Calm your tits Hawthorne. Yes I'm on my way. Do you want food? I'm fucking starving." "Kat I've got bacon, beer and weed. Seriously. Do not pass go, do not collect 200 dollars." I rolled my eyes, and I could hear the porn he was watching in the background. "Gale I swear to God I meant it last time when I said no more lesbian porn while we fuck. It's distracting. Be there in 5." I ended the conversation and finished my cigarette, flicking it out of the window. I absentmindedly remembered having a paper due in three days. Shit. Looks like I was going to the library tonight. My car pulled into Gale's house's driveway and I didn't even knock before I opened the door. One of his douche bag roommates was sitting on the couch and we ignored each other as I walked directly to Gale's room, though I noticed he did turn the volume on the TV up. A lot. I grinned, because now I was going to make sure I was extra loud just to piss the little prick off, and I flung open Gale's door. He was sitting on his bed watching the TV on his desk, but he turned it off when I walked in, turning his stereo on instead. I rolled my eyes at his choice of music, which was predictably dubstep – but I have to admit the temp matched our fucking. Fast, rough, and loud. I closed the door behind me as Gale took his shirt off and scooted to the edge of the bed. I pulled my sweatshirt off and walked over to him. "Cato turned the volume up on the TV super loud. I fucking hate that guy." I pulled my hair out of its braid, pulled my pants off and straddled his lap. "And?" Gale knew what I was trying to say and knew I hated dirty talk, but unless I told him what I wanted I wouldn't get it. So I grabbed his hair and yanked his head away from where he had been kissing my neck, looking him square in the eyes. "So you should put that huge dick you're so proud of to work and make me scream so loud and come so hard he moves his cunt ass out." He grinned at me and I felt how much harder he got when I talked to him that way. If anyone from high school had just heard what I had said, they probably would have taken me to the hospital to see if I had a brain tumor; to say I've changed since I left my hometown would be a gross understatement. I was brought back to reality by the searing pain coming from my left nipple, and I felt myself get instantly turned on. I groaned and Gale slapped my ass in response. I began to grind my hips into his lap, his athletic shorts still between us. "Fuck Katniss. You're so wet you're soaking my shorts. Is that what I do to you? How bad do you fucking want my dick?" Gale talks this way only when we're having sober sex. I sued to tune it out because I hate it, but he cut me off for two weeks and it's too difficult to find unattached sex with someone as good in bed as Gale that I pay attention now. I don't hate it any less though. "You fucking feel how wet I am. Shouldn't be too hard for you to figure out how bad I want it." He growled at me and flipped me off his lap, onto my back on the bed, and he tore his shorts off. Ah there it is, the reason he can say whatever he wants to me. Honestly his dick was perfect – and the cocky asshole knew it. He grabbed my calves and pulled me across the bed towards him. He started rubbing his head against my clit and the rest of my pussy and I moaned. Really really loudly. "Want to know what I'm going to do to you Katniss?" His eyes were dark, and when he pushed the top of his cock in quickly I almost started to actually whine. "Tease me until I get pissed off and leave?" I was literally panting at this point, and he slid his entire shaft up and down me as punishment for smarting off. "No smartass. I'm going to take you from behind, I'm going to slam in you so hard and so fast that you'll think your fucking teeth are going to fall out and then you're going to wrap that smartass mouth around my dick and I'm going to come in your mouth." My eyes rolled back in my head. Something was seriously wrong with how much that turned me on. "How about instead of talking about it you fucking do it Gale?" I was ready to go and I consider foreplay something that only pussies that like to lay around watching shit like "The Notebook" like to do. Gale took the hint, flipping me over, onto all fours, and my hands gripped the sheets in a vice like grip. Gale slapped my ass so hard I knew it would bruise. "You want me inside of you?" he growled at me, slapping my ass again and I groaned. "Tell me Katniss." "Gale I want you inside of me." I moaned as he reached between my legs and ran his fingers over me once, before spreading my legs a little wider. "Louder. So the whole neighbor hood can hear how bad you crave my cock." I almost sighed. I hate when he does this shit. I need to invest in a gag, but yelling would piss Cato off which is something I really enjoy doing, so I give in. "Gale please fuck me! I need you inside of me!" I screamed in a high pitch voice, like the porn starts he likes to watch so much, and he didn't hesitate to slam into me any longer. He was holding my hips so tight to keep me upright, and he was slamming into me so hard it almost hurt; which is coincidently how I like it. "Fuck me faster Gale." I practically snarl it at him, and he followed my request instantly. At this speed and in this position there was a good chance my tits were going to actually be shaken off of my