Part One i. The smell of sex, cigarettes, and dark liquor permeate the room. He stands on his knees on the bed, trousers halfway on, a cigarette clenched between his teeth, his hands gripping the hips of the woman on her elbows and knees in front of him. As he thrusts into her not caring for her pleasure or needs he is thankful she had enough sense to bury her face in the pillow in front of her. He didn't care if the entire world could hear her screams, but he couldn't stand her painted on heart shape lips, her fake drawn on mole, or the way she had sneered as she tried to seduce him; so her face in a pillow, greasepaint smearing, suited him just fine. He watched in fascination as the ash of his cigarette broke off, landing on the small of her back, and he was slightly disappointed the cherry top hadn't fallen with it. When he felt the telling tightening in his stomach signaling the end, he inwardly sighed in relief that the experience was almost over. Pulling out he held her in place with one hand, holding himself in the other, shooting milky white streams onto her back, and holding back his laughter when some of his release landing in her awful Louise Brooke bob. Turning from her he stood, pulling up his trousers and tucking his shirttail, before sitting on the edge of the bed to hastily pull on his shoes. He ignored her when she crawled on her hands and knees to where he sat, ignored her when she rested her cheek on his shoulder, and he ignored her when she began to trace his thigh – in what he assumed she thought was a seductive manner – with the tip of her fingernail. Hw was nearly finished lacing one shoe when her affected accent (which grated against his ear, his soul even) filled his ears. "So baby, do ya' really think you can get me into the pictures?" As she talked she incessantly smacked her gum, making his hair stand on end. Instead of answering he snorted at her, and tried to shake her off in order to begin work on his remaining shoe. He could feel the shift in her mood almost immediately. Good, he thought, she's finally getting it. "You promised!" She screeched, causing him to roll his eyes. "Yeah? And you promised you'd be the best lay I'd ever had. We both lied doll." Standing, he adjusted his tie in the mirror of her dimly lit apartment, while she rocketed to stand on her knees on the bed. "You can't do this to me! Just who do you think you are?" Collecting his suit jacket and placing his hat on his head he turned to her one last time. "I'm Peeta Mellark, and you sweetheart, well, you're nobody." Slinging his jacket over his shoulder he walked out of her door, closing it just as the vase she had thrown from her night table slammed against the wall. ii. She watched the California landscape glide past her eyes as she rode in the backseat of the car with vapid disinterest, longing for the thick lush forests she had left behind in Sweden. At 19 she had done more than anyone she had ever known would even dare dream, but she couldn't help miss her home and the anonymity it had granted her. Sighing, she turned her attention to the driver of the car, who was desperately trying to keep his driver's hat on his head against the cross winds. It was amusing if not somewhat pathetic. She wanted to lean up and tell him to take it off, so as to be able to drive more cautiously, but as experience told her, she knew he would scoff at her. Americans, she thought, rolling her eyes. As a people they were all together too proud, too close-minded, and as she was quickly learning, too starved for entertainment. When her mentor Haymitch had brought her to America as his protégée, she had been endlessly excited. America was the golden world, Hollywood Land it's Acropolis, and he assured her she would never want for work, and thus far he was right. Coming off her success in Panem Studio's "Torrent" and "The Girl on Fire", she was quickly on her way to being a star, but at what cost? In her non-American films, before she had sold her soul to Panem, she had played innocent girls, finding depth in their characters, and meaning in their struggles. Now she was, as it was called in the papers, a "vamp", seducing men, motivated purely by her need to manipulate, lust and sexual desire. She hated it, but had no choice in it. Now, sat in the back seat of the car, she was on her way to play yet another out of control, horrible woman. "Men will be out of their minds to fuck you and women will spend all of their money trying to be you. You're going to be a star kid. Now get your ass to the studio." The words of Mr. Crane echoed in her head. Walking off the Panem lot after being assigned her new movie had been a brash move. Telling the press she hated her roles had been even more daring, but she couldn't bring herself to regret her actions. As the car pulled into the lot, she shrank further into her seat, hiding from the glaring billboard of "The Girl on Fire", mocking her from outside her window. When they came to their stop the driver opened the door, bowing at her. "Miss Everdeen, we have arrived." Tugging her coat tightly against her shoulders, she stepped out of the car with a sigh. iii. "That will be 10 cents sir." The cigarette boy who walked around the lot with his tray of cigarettes looked expectantly at Peeta. Grumbling, he reached into his pocket to find the necessary money. "Keep the change." He mumbled as he handed over a quarter. Tips weren't commonplace for the boy, and he gawked at the extra 15 cents. "Thanks mister!" He exclaimed, handing Peeta the pack of cigarettes. Peeta nodded at the boy sped off, no doubt trying to meet his daily quota before the heat of the Californian sun became unbearable. Absentmindedly he began to place the cigarettes into his golden case, selecting one when he had finished, and striking the match to light it with against the brick wall behind him. As the flame caught on the edge of the paper, he pulled in on the smoke, watching as a chauffeured car pulled up a few feet away near the dressing rooms provided for the stars. The woman the driver helped out of the auto was stunning, and Peeta watched, dumbstruck by her seemingly effortless and natural beauty, until the fire of the match singed his fingertips. Cursing out loud he shook the match out, smoking deliberately slow as he watched the woman walk into one of the dressing room doors. Glancing at the name on the door, he felt his lips curl into a smile. So that was Katniss Everdeen. She was stunning in her films and photographs, but clearly neither could do her beauty justice. Turning on his heel, Peeta walked to the main office lobby, not bothering to acknowledge the women who were the office gatekeepers. Approaching the elevator, he tipped his hat at Buckley, the man who attended to the device. Wordlessly the man took him to the top floor, and Peeta pressed a nickel into his hand before stepping out into the grand lobby of Crane's office. The marble clicked beneath his shoes as he walked towards the receptionist's desk. Her platinum blonde hair and overdone make-up made Peeta want to roll his eyes, but he knew better. She may be a trend follower, but Effie Trinkett took no one's bullshit or mockery. She was on the phone, but the nod she gave him was all he needed. Pushing the heavy oak doors open, he strolled into the office. Everything inside screamed of decadence, of power, and of money. People around the lot often joked that Crane's office put the oval office to shame. The lush red carpet and the shined mahogany furniture had been something Peeta had marveled at when he first signed his contract. Now he viewed it with the same distaste he viewed everything else. Powerful men used suits, expensive décor, and young trendy girls to reassert their position in the world, and to Peeta it was pointless and often quite sad. "Ah Peeta my boy!" Seneca Crane rose from behind his desk, setting his glass down and stretching out his hand to his biggest star. "Seneca." Peeta shook Crane's hand, before gesturing towards the perpetually stocked drink car. Seneca nodded, sitting back into his plush chair, propping his feet up on his desktop. "Help yourself old boy. I just got my hands on some fine scotch whiskey from Canada, aged to absolute perfection. It's my opinion that Prohibition has done absolute wonders for the quality of high class liquor." Peeta examined the glass bottles, selecting the one filled with the dark liquid he knew too well. Selecting a malt glass with an exquisitely tapered end, he poured in the liquid, filling the glass more than halfway. Swirling it, he breathed in the scent, and sighed. Adding a splash of water, he tuned around, and noticed for the first time, that he and Crane were not alone. "Ah, I must have forgotten my manners. Peeta, this is Haymitch. Best director Sweden's ever seen. He signed with us recently. I believe you've heard of his protégée, the lovely Katniss Everdeen." Haymitch stood from his chair, smoothing back a long lock of hair that had fallen out of place before extending his hand. Peeta shook it, hiding the smirk that threatened to emerge at Haymitch's overly strong grip. "Peeta Mellark. Pleasure." Haymitch didn't try to hide his grin as the two men sized each other up. Skipping pas pleasantries, he sat down, diving into conversation as well as his drink. "So you're the famed Peeta Mellark. You're about to do a movie with my girl." Peeta sat back in his chair, eyeing the man on his right, slowly sipping his drink, nodding. "Seems that way." His mind flashed to the woman who he had seen just minutes earlier, her expression serious, her hair long and braided. His train of thought was interrupted by a snort produced by Haymitch, and he whipped his head to see what the commotion was about. "She's going to eat you alive if you go around with that dopey look on your face." "I have no interest in Miss. Everdeen, of that I can assure you." Peeta's temper flared, his words sounding sharp, and while most would have quickly apologized, Haymitch guffawed loudly, bringing a cigarette to his mouth to light. "I like this kid." Haymitch said to Crane, who smiled, watching their interaction as if it was a match of tennis. "Hopefully he can knock some sense into her about her place here." Crane said thoughtfully, watching the sunlight from the picture window behind him reflect off his glass. Peeta noticed as Haymitch tense, his interest piqued. "And what place is that?" Peeta took more of his drink, awaiting either man to answer. Crane set his glass down, sighing, looking at some spot in the distance. "She's not particularly thrilled to be playing, as she so eloquently puts it, 'bad womens'. But she's spectacular at it. She radiates sexuality whether that's her intent or not." Out of the corner of his eye, Peeta say Haymitch drown his drink, fighting an obvious impulse to defend his girl. "Perhaps I'm a little fuzzy in the head due to the heat, but what does this have to do with me?" Seneca removed his feet from the desk, seemingly switching his personas, from