Disclaimer: There is a scene later in this one-shot where I use exact phrasing and sentences from the novel. I am not gaining a profit from the creation of this fic. I am not trying to be Suzanne Collins. I wrote this off and on over the course of one day. I did a once over but it was very quick and in between activities for the day so I doubt it's perfect. R&R is appreciated but not expected 3 Katniss was racing Gale to their meeting place in the woods after classes. Gale had escorted his siblings home and Katniss had just dropped Prim of with Lady. They laughed hysterically when they both toppled over into a pile of dead leaves. Gale pushed her gently away from him and began shaking his head. It was so rare that either of them were so carefree. For years they'd been acting as the breadwinner in their families and enjoying themselves as young people was just a fantasy most days. Somehow, though, they found a way to be happy this day. "I love coming out here. When I'm out here it's almost as though I'm free from the Capitol. Almost like I can have the life I've always dreamed of…" His voice trailed and he became very focused on his shoelaces, which weren't even untied. Katniss sat up and dusted her braid off before scooting next to him. Sometimes Gale started thinking too hard about things and she'd have to comfort him. "You can't dream in District Twelve, Gale. We do okay for living in the Seam, after all. Half the city relies on our game to survive. We got just enough power to survive." Katniss thought in terms of bargaining power, and even though she still struggled to be alive she was pleased in the fact that not just her family relied on her. If she was particularly upset by something someone did she could likely put them into a bad situation. Those malicious thoughts might have continued but Gale's sincere voice pulled her back to the present. "I wanted to get married. Maybe have a family if things change. I want to sell my game legally and enjoy a proper meal every evening. Always thought I deserved that, you know." Gale turned to Katniss who had been paying close attention as he spoke, thinking of whether she'd ever aspired for anything other than living another day. She was so into the conversation that she hadn't even realized that Gale's fingers slipped around her chin and tugged her lightly nearer. "I always thought you deserved it too." Gale, obviously, had been prepared for what came next. Katniss knew that too – he was a handsome young man and more than once had a girlfriend. She'd never been jealous of it. In fact, she never found romantic interest in anyone. Not exactly. When their lips collided it was cautious and unsure. Katniss had never known Gale to be nervous about these sorts of things, and he'd never been nervous around her either. Still, though, there they sat slowly weaving kisses together unexpectedly. They didn't grow in passion or intensity but neither did the diminish or end abruptly. For several minutes they sat there sharing the experience. Finally, Katniss was the one the break the embrace. Gale had always been her best friend. And, yes, his brothers and sisters might have made a joke or two about the two being a proper couple but it never seemed like a possibility until that moment. "Oh, Gale..." She sighed, very much lost and confused. How did people approach these things? Did people even actually discuss them out loud? She wouldn't know since she didn't have a reliable source in her mother. And she didn't have female friends either. The closest she had was Madge, the mayor's daughter, and that's just because she was nice to everyone. "I'm sorry, Katnip. I don't know what I was thinking. You'd never marry me." He was trying to be funny and laugh it off. Katniss wasn't savvy in romance but she could always tell when Gale took something seriously, and he definitely took this seriously. She put a hand on his knee and shrugged her shoulders. She didn't know if she'd marry anyone but if she did marry she imagined that it would be Gale, maybe. "Maybe someday I would. I just want get Prim to eighteen alive first." Katniss admitted. If marriage was ever in her future it would only be after Prim was safe for good. Nothing mattered to her more than taking care of her little sister and once she was an adult then Katniss could start making decisions for herself but Prim just turned twelve which meant she has six more years before it was even a possibility. "Let's get you there first." He offered a hand after getting up on his feet. They were finally shifting away from the topic and easing back into their usual routine. Katniss fetched her bow from a nearby tree and prepared herself for a good hunt. Delly Cartwright and Peeta Mellark had been best friend since they were just babies barely walking on their own two feet. About three or four years ago those friendly feelings turned more intimate and they were unofficially a couple. Most people associated them together as it was so they never denied any potential of a relationship. She was bringing over a basket of vegetables from the tiny garden her mother kept in their yard to help them survive. Most of the merchants had some sort of small garden to supplement the groceries and food they had to purchase from around the city. There were extras of the carrots and she thought Peeta would enjoy some on his break for lunch. Peeta and his brother Roti weren't exactly close, none of the Mellark family was, but they got on better than the rest. Roti could be heard chewing a mile away but Peeta was quieter and had better manners. She paused for a moment before turning the corner of the bakery to greet her friend, partially to give them a moment to finish their conversation and also to clear the butterflies in her stomach. For a few weeks she'd been thinking about bring sometimes more to their bond. She'd believed that kissing him for the first time would bring them closer and put them on the right track to be more than just friends publically. "Katniss and Gale were looking closer than usual today." Roti pestered his brother. Peeta frowned at the hidden accusation. It was true, the two did stand a little closer and look at each other a little longer than normal but Peeta begged his mind to ease down on the jealousy. Much like his father he was in love with a girl that he could never have and he had been coping with it pretty well most days. Unfortunately, his mind was already a mess because he'd overheard her say how many times she'd entered her name in to the Games this year and he had a gut feeling her luck was running out. "What happens to Katniss Everdeen and Gale Hawthorne is hardly any of my business. I've never spoken to her." Irritation was obvious in his voice, at least to Delly. Her ears almost ached at hearing this small piece of the conversation but as with any female she wanted to hear the rest. She wanted to know where her chances with Peeta lie, if there were any real chances whatsoever. "I know you have a thing for her. Did you ever think about making what happens to her your business?" Peeta had thought about it many times and Roti knew that. He wasn't the only one either, his father was well aware of Peeta's feelings for Katniss. Shaking his head with a grin over his lips the young boy knew it wasn't an option. Gale took care of her properly and already functioned as a husband so he was sure they would eventually get married. Peeta never stood a chance. "She has Gale. That's all she'll ever need." By this point in the conversation Delly was curled onto the ground with her knees pulled into her chest and her head buried into her arms. Somehow she'd never picked up on this little crush of Peeta's. Soon after his remark to Roti he came around the corner and found Delly on the ground. She was not yet sobbing but her eyes were burning when she met her friend's gaze. Delly explained that she didn't come over to listen but after she heard what they were talking about she couldn't bring herself to leave. Peeta nodded and sat next to her, an arm around her shoulders. There was a lot to be confused about between the two of them. Just because Peeta liked Katniss did not mean he couldn't also like Delly, although he did do this with different intensities and passions. His fondness for Delly was cool and natural. They'd always been together and he'd grown up believing that they always would be that way. At times he thought of her as more than a friend and lately she'd certainly seemed to be more intimate with him in the smallest of ways. Peeta welcomed the newfound closeness but always had one foot out the door, so to speak, because each night when he went to sleep it was Katniss that he dreamed about. His attraction to Katniss was fiery. There was no better way to explain it. When he saw her his body turned warm and nervous, if she was close enough to hear his face burned with embarrassment and desire. When he closed his eyes it veins ached with heat as he wished that somehow he could have one opportunity to have something special with her, even if it didn't last forever. Peeta didn't tell any of this to Delly Cartwright as she was already distraught enough to believe that she was second best to a girl that he knew she admired deeply. However, he did try to say something to her the let her know that it was always going to be confusing for him. "Everyone finds themselves between something impossible and something real. The decision is which one do we settle for?" Katniss was impossible and if he gunned for her there was the possibility he would be alone for the rest of his life. Delly, on the other hand, was real. If he decided to stay with her then he would be like his father. He'd find himself in a half-hearted marriage that only mattered because there was nothing else. Peeta and Delly sat for a long time and she asked questions about his crush on Katniss Everdeen. She listened patiently as he shared his story with her. As patient as could be, Delly concluded at the end of his tale that she understood why he felt that way. "But let me give you the opportunity to see me that way too." As she'd been planning earlier the young girl twisted to the side and tilted her head ever so slight to the right before planting an open mouthed kiss on her best friend. Peeta returned the favor with surprising vigor. He was trying to communicate that it wasn't necessarily that he didn't feel an attraction to her just that it was not nearly as strong as the one for Katniss. Delly's hands wrapped around Peeta's neck as she cherished the moment they shared, aware that it may never happen again; The Reaping was fast approaching after all. Anyone could be picked and her Peeta Mellark would be lost to something far more heartbreaking that Katniss Everdeen. When two broke apart it was only because Roti kicked dirt up into their laps. Peeta jumped up and started shouting after him about getting into his business. Delly shrugged to him and handed him the