A/N: The Challenge: For a friend who is spending the holidays in hospital, write a Yule story featuring Legolas, Aragorn and Glorfindel. You may include other characters, but those three MUST be included. You MUST include a naked elf, a horse, snow, and someone's confession. You must also incorporate a real world Christmas image that can be adapted into a Middle-earth culture. For example: mistletoe, holly, Star, lighted tree, shepherds, wise men, mangers, little drummer boys, Yule songs, Yule logs, angels, etc. The rest is up to you! At the Last Minute By Rhyselle Aragorn looked tiredly at his companion as they rode into the courtyard of the Last Homely House West of the Mountains. The graceful trees that surrounded the building had only recently given up the last of their foliage, and the graceful branches were adorned with white instead of the copper, golden and scarlet leaves they'd born not long before. "They'll be surprised to see us." His breath misted before his face and he adjusted the collar of his cloak to more warmly drape about his neck with the fingerless gloves he wore. Legolas grinned sympathetically back at him and drew his mount to a halt. "You're the one who decided that you wanted to come home all of a sudden. No wonder we didn't encounter any orcs in the high passes—you were moving too fast for them to see us! And I still don't know why." The young Ranger swung down from his horse, landing ankle deep in snow. He grabbed his saddle bags and bedroll before a young ellon in Imladris livery, who had run down the steps to take the reins of their mounts, could lead the gelding away to the stables. Ignoring the implied question, he asked, "Are you saying I actually tired out the Prince of Mirkwood?" Legolas sighed. "Estel, I have to admit that even the best of us elves can become weary from time to time." Then he grinned, "But not me, not now." He turned his own mount over to another groom, murmuring something to the horse, then followed his young mortal friend up the stairs toward the heart of Rivendell, slinging his own belongings over his shoulder as he went. "But after that ride, I want to go soak in the hot pools and get clean. I'll present myself to your Adar tomorrow morning when I'm more presentable." "It's freezing out here, Legolas!" Estel shuddered at the thought of bathing in the outdoor pool, no matter how warm the water was. "I'll wash up in my room before I go see Adar." "Fragile mortal," the elf teased. "Arrogant elf," the Man retorted, then laughed for the first time since they'd ridden out of Thranduil's realm. Legolas didn't show it, but he was relieved to hear it. Aragorn had hidden the grief he felt at the loss of his mother from most of the Mirkwood court, but Legolas knew him too well, and the somberness of the Dúnadan went beyond the reputation for stern dourness that the Rangers of the North cultivated. Then they passed through the entryway into the elegant foyer that led to the Hall of Fire and the dining hall, and the stairs that one would take to the sleeping rooms of the elf-built edifice, and Aragorn's laughter abruptly halted along with his steps. Legolas watched his friend's eyes sweep from one side of the chamber to the other, first lighting on the stair railings, then the graceful crystal lamp that hung suspended from the arched ceiling, finally letting his gaze fall on the bare mantle of the hearth opposite the door. The sparkle fled from the grey eyes, and the tall mortal seemed to shrink inside himself somehow. Although he'd kept his shoulders straight and his face controlled, his fingers tightened on the straps of his saddle bags until his knuckles were white. He stood thus frozen for a moment then murmured, "I'll see you in the morning, Legolas," before heading for the stairs with his long-legged stride. Rather than follow his friend up the stairs to the chamber that was always his when he came to visit the home of Lord Elrond, Legolas waited until he was out of sight and turned down a corridor away from the hall of fire, heading for a door that would let him out into the garden near the bathhouse, Glorfindel soaked in the largest of the hot pools, his long golden hair floating around him, and his face turned up to the stars that glimmered brilliantly overhead. Wisps of steam rose from the warm water's surface, and gradually dissipated into the cooler air. He floated, weightless and utterly relaxed in the stillness of the night, and his eyes began to glaze over as he slipped onto the Path of Dreams— --and suddenly a ball of icy cold snow struck him right in the middle of the chest, and he was rudely jarred awake, spluttering from the water he'd taken in as he gasped in shock, his long limbs flailing, splashing the heated water onto the slate and granite flagstones that bordered the pool. It only took him a moment to get his feet under him, and ignoring his nudity, he sprang from the water to grab for the sword that lay with his discarded clothing and fell into a defensive posture, the weapon at the ready. "That's a bit of an over-reaction, Glorfindel," Legolas stepped through the gap in the hedge from which he'd thrown the snowball, carrying a couple of large towels and his saddle bags. He glanced around and then back at the Balrog-Slayer. "Who were you expecting, since we didn't send any warning we were coming?" "Elladan and Elrohir pulled that on me a few weeks ago after a patrol up by the high pass. Except that they—mistakenly—thought the snowball would distract me and keep me from being able to defend against a joint attack." He gave the prince a jaundiced glare, "It seems that you and they have spent too much time together, young one." Legolas set down his bags and raised a hand in a placating gesture. "I apologize, my lord. I thought at first you were one of the twins." Glorfindel gave him a look of patent disbelief and flicked his free hand at a lock of his dripping blond hair. "Hello, does this look like one of the sons of Elrond to you?" "The water made your hair darken," the prince protested, then continued, "There will be no more snowballs—at least not this night and not aimed at you," he added. Glorfindel raised an eyebrow and laid down his sword before returning to the hot pool and lowering himself into the water once more. "I hope you have an explanation for that comment." Legolas quickly stripped off his boots and travel clothing, and dropped into the hot water with a sigh of relief. From a Mannish perspective he might have appeared pristine—particularly when compared to his mortal friend—but cutting the normal journey time from Mirkwood by half meant that he'd had to forgo the luxuries of bathing en route. "I was intending a payback to Elladan and Elrohir for the prank they played on Estel and me when we were here last," he began after he'd entirely submerged himself and surfaced again to float alongside the other blond elf lord. "And Estel is still grieving the loss of his mother. He was to have spent the winter with me at my father's palace, but at the last possible chance of making it over the passes before the winter weather truly set in he decided that he wanted to come home." Glorfindel rolled onto his front and swam the length of the pool to where an underwater ledge provided a seat for the bathers, and settled there with the warm water lapping at his shoulders. "His grief will ease in time, Legolas. It is the way of men and the Gift of Ilúvatar." Legolas joined him on an adjacent ledge and sighed. "But I hate seeing him this way. And the look on his face when we came into the front hall and there was no holly, nor ribbons, nor kissing boughs hung—I know that Yule is only a day away now, but do you think that there might be some way to—to cheer him up? I know that Gilraen always ensured that he celebrated Yule, even though it is not our custom." Glorfindel looked up at the Last Homely House and found the windows of Estel's chamber—the only glassed in portals in the entire structure, for the mortal's comfort—and hauled himself up out of the water. "We'll make it happen." The star-lit quiet of the night blanketed Imladris like the snow blanketed the gardens and grounds—save for the kitchen, where a pair of warriors were confounded by an environment into which they'd not expected to find themselves. "It's got to be here somewhere." Glorfindel frowned as he flipped through the pages of the thick book he'd found on the Cook's desk, in which were recorded the recipes that led to the feasts that made Imladris' table famous. "Biscuits need flour and sugar," Legolas told him. "I remember that much from my elflinghood." He went to the tidily arranged shelves and began to peer at the labeled canisters and boxes, looking for the required ingredients. "And ginger. Look for the crystallized ginger too," Glorfindel directed as he perused a recipe that looked promising, but turned out to be the base for a ginger-spiced soup instead. "And leavening," he added. "Ah, ha! Here it is!" The reborn ellon ran his fingers down the list of ingredients, calling them out to the Mirkwood prince. "I don't know why I'm the one finding all of this," Legolas grumbled as he carried the containers to the broad work table in the center of the room. "You live here, after all, and should know where everything is." "Me? Since when do I cook?" Glorfindel asked. "Well, while I can cook on the trail, baking isn't one of the skills my father thought necessary for my education," Legolas retorted, as he thumped the large flour bin onto the table. "We'll need a big bowl, I suppose, to mix it in." "Butter. Where's the butter?" Glorfindel muttered as he compared the list to the ingredients now filling the work table. "In the cold room where it belongs, my lord. May I ask just what you are doing in my kitchen at three o'clock in the morning?" Legolas jumped and nearly knocked the glass container that held the pieces of crystallized ginger off the table as the sharp tones of Rivendell's chief cook, Glassiel, startled him from behind. She swept up and caught the jar, pushing it away from the edge of the table. "Well?" Hands on her hips, garbed in a sleeping robe, her grey-eyed glare still managed to cow even the Balrog-Slayer. It rather amused Legolas to see Glorfindel's manner shift into that of a guilty elfling, until she turned her scowl on him. "Um, we—we wanted to—to make Lady Gilraen's Yule Ginger Biscuits for Estel," he managed to stammer, wondering how it was that an elleth could reduce even the bravest warrior into feeling so foolish. "For Estel? I thought he—and you," she added to Legolas, "—were in Mirkwood." "Estel came home late this evening, after the meal," Glorfindel told her. "And he noticed that we aren't celebrating Yule this year." "Ahhhh." Glassiel's eyes widened briefly as she understood what they were trying to do. "With Lady Gilraen beyond the Circles of Arda, and thinking Estel was in Mirkwood, no one bothered with it." She tied the sash of her night robe more tightly about her waist and rolled up the sleeves. "Well, gentlemen? What are you waiting for? Wash your hands if you are going to make biscuits for him." Feeling a mixture of relief and chagrin, Legolas joined Glorfindel at the sink and obediently