I know, I know. "Val? Why are you writing another story? You already have others in progress!" Well, Mysterious Person, I was bored. Sure I love my other stories as if they were my babies, but, yah know, you need to let those plot bunnies out of the womb. Can't keep them there for too long or they'll overcook and expire. "The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science." ― Albert Einstein, "The World As I See It" It is the year 3247 C.E. The world has evolved much since the twenty-first century. The technological industry has advanced to near unreal levels, it was almost like something out of the old 1960's show "The Jetsons". Houses now being small domes on an apex hundreds of feet in the air, flying cars, and the lack of real plants. It still amazes me how much the mortals have changed. How much they have strayed away from paganism and have chosen more monistic religions. I remember Zoroastrianism with Ahura Mazda and Angra Menyu; the Egyptians with Ra and Amon-Ra; the Celtics, the Greeks, Romans, Native Americans, Shinto, and the Norse. Yet, all of them are but a distant memory. A figment of the mortal imagination is what they are called nowadays. It's quite sad, actually. But that is irrelevant now. Now, I will direct you to more important matters. Since the year 2087, the humans have slowly swayed away from religion and have realized it that "it's only holding us back!" From then on, humans began to depend more on themselves than higher beings, and have, henceforth, become arrogant and self-proclaimed "Masters of the Universe". Since then, the governments of the world had come together and devised a plan to eradicate all of the religions as a whole. It took until 2786 to finally remove ALL ties to religion. As a result, the deities who were not connected to everlasting domains faded, and the ones who remained were weakened beyond comprehension. All shrines, temples, texts and religious lands were destroyed or sacked. Tombs were raided and mosques were burned to the ground. Of course, there were many mortals who were against the removal of religion. Those select individuals called themselves The Immortals , as they believed their beliefs would last forever as long as they remained. Unfortunately, they were all hunted down and killed, be it an assassination or public execution. Either way, they were no more by the year 2998. But I digress. The reason I'm telling you this is very important, and it's for your eyes and ears alone. I, Clotho, as well as my sisters Lachesis and Atropos are some of the last deities – other than the slumbering Primordials and few Olympians – who remain a part of the Greek and Roman Pantheons. There is one last prophecy that was spoken by Apollo before he faded, one that will definitely determine the fates of the remaining deities and their descendants. "By the loss of faith, the gods shall fall, Pantheons shall fade while mortals stand tall. The Exodus shall start again, And the hammer shall not strike again, But the ending is not for all. Sick Man's continuous reign Will bring new darkness should envy find vain. The Destroyer, the Hero, will reawaken from his great prison Only at the hands of one lost denizen. Fear and corruption confuse the masses, But only the Hero can calm the gasses. And only he can bring Us back." I will admit that this was a rather…different prophecy, but it was not issued by my sisters and me, but rather our mother Ananke. It's was clear that She had foretold the end for the deities of Earth, but had found a way to save or preserve the gods. Now, to begin, I will tell you about Richard Lail, a professional archaeologist, and historian who specializes in recovering old artifacts and places that were lost to time. Richard "Rick" Lail sat in one of the chairs in his home. He was looking through files in his holographic database. Pictures of old paintings, iPhones, vases, cooking supplies from the twenty-third century, and photos taken of the old states before the Government Rising of 2091 (also referred to as the Third Iconoclasm since the Byzantine Empire in the eighth and ninth centuries by The Immortals in 2975). Rick sighed in boredom. He'd looked through these files millions of times and he'd not found anything new. The Governments had destroyed so much of history that it was extremely difficult to find anything other than artifacts. The Museums were barely able to salvage, and photograph some ancient texts and stories before the physical copies were taken and burned. He dragged his finger on the mouse pad (they still had them, surprisingly) and exited out of that specific file. He was about to shut the power off when a message from the Capitan came up. Out of curiosity, Richard opened the file and saw that it was an old PDF of an Old New York book. The message that came with the PDF file said "You'll find this to be quite interesting, my man. Seems we'll be going for another adventure soon." Richard snorted, and scratched his graying hair. "Whatever you say, boss." He scrolled through, reading the information provided. Strangely, the file wasn't about the discovery of Old New York, or anything that had to do with society at the time, but it was more on a group called the Olympians, demigods, and a battle that happened in the Big Apple and in Greece. Events that would be considered impossible to everyone now, but Richard Lair cared little for what they thought about history. He just wanted to know what it was like over a thousand years ago. Maybe even further than that. He scrolled and read and absorbed the information like an excited sponge. Basking in the new knowledge of the supposed stories of the past. The Second Titanomachy and Gigantomachy. It was amazing. Seven children of the gods who fought for their lives and the lives of the rest of the world. Two camps of demigods who clashed since the war with Greece and Rome in the fourth century B.C.E. One demigod who helped in the defeat of a Time Lord and refused godhood out of love for an Athenian girl. He continued to scroll. Hours had passed and dinner was skipped out of excitement. That was until Richard reached a final chapter in the story. "The Destroyer's Ascension and Slumber" . It read: "Gaea's forces were crumbling, and the giants were nearly defeated. The only giant still alive was Porphyrion – who was fighting against Zeus and Jason. Percy and the rest of the seven were helping with killing the remaining monsters and protecting the survivors. "You will never win, Porphyrion!" Zeus boomed as he aimed his Master Bolt at the wounded Giant. "Your forces are defeated and Gaea is still asleep. Give up!" and he threw the bolt at him. Porphyrion's scowl turned into a knowing grin when Zeus threw the bold. "You're a fool, Zeus. A fool. Have you not yet realized that we share domains? Your Master Bolt has no effect on me!" and the bolt struck. There was a loud boom and a humongous cloud of dust that rose to cover Porphyrion. Zeus watched in horror as Porphyrion appeared from the cloud unscathed and clutching the lightning bolt in his bare hand. The Giant King's grin became crooked, and his eyes found Jason holding his gladius in a loose grip. The Roman demigod was too shocked to dodge the Giant's reaching hand. Porphyrion grabbed Jason and squeezed the demigod just enough to get a reaction. Zeus was broken out of his stupor when he heard his son's cry of pain. "Jason!" He glared, enraged, at the Giant. "Unhand my son, Giant, or I will blast you to Oblivion!" Porphyrion laughed at Zeus' attempt at intimidation. To him, the King of the Gods looked like a child going to throw a tantrum – even if Porphyrion was actually younger than the god. "You amuse me, Zeus. Have you not been listening? I have your son and bold. You are no match for me! I was born to be your doom, and your deaths would be enough to avenge my fallen brothers. But first, mother's slumber shall come to an end." With that said, he began to squeeze Jason until the boy's body could no longer take the pressure and exploded with a loud squelch . Blood, muscles, and bones were left scattered on the grass. Zeus yelled in anguish at the loss of his son and the gods and demigods who witnessed the scene cried out with him. Zeus was about to retaliate but was stopped when the ground rumbled and everyone – including himself – were forced to the ground. An ancient, feminine laugh so manic and twisted rang out. "Finally, I am awake!" The voice cackled as a HUGE dirt hand burst from the earth. The hand grasped at the ground and seemed to be pulling the rest of a body from the very earth itself. The ground rose to look like mountains as the body's back began to appear. A head rose and its eyes opened to reveal muddy-brown eyes and a cruel smile. "The gods shall fall, and I shall rule once again!" she cackled. The sound of a sword being drawn grabbed Gaea's attention. She scanned the faces before her until they landed on one son of Poseidon, who had his sword – Anaklusmos – pointed straight at her with a scowl on his face. She grinned wide at the boy standing protectively in front of his comrades. "Perseus Jackson," she drawled (still crouching like an animal), and reached out for Percy as if waiting for him to give her his hand. "How lovely to see you in person, my beloved grandson. The one who defeated many of my titan sons in single combat and other great beasts of Greece." She smiled cruelly at him. "I will enjoy tearing everything you hold dear to pieces while you watch!" with that said, Gaea's beaconing hand clawed and she swatted Porphyrion away and brought her ginormous fist above her head and smashed it into the ground, causing the earth to crack and shake upon impact. Large spikes shot up from the ground and impaled the remaining monsters and many of the demigods who were not yet flashed away by the gods to the Camps. Percy watched in horror as gods, monsters, and demigods alike were skewered and killed in an instant. Annabeth and Frank fell to the spikes and Apollo, Aphrodite, Dionysus, Hephaestus, and Demeter suffered the same fate, as did so many of his comrades. At Annabeth's scream of shock and agony, Percy was left paralyzed upon the realization of her death. He could faintly hear the anguished yell from Athena. Gaea cackled in pure glee at the pain and terror that permeated the air. Porphyrion – who was barely conscious from being swatted into Mount Olympus – saw that the once caring Mother Earth – who only wanted to know that her children were safe – was reduced to a psychotic maniac who relished in the suffering of others. Upon hearing Gaea's cackling, Percy snapped back to reality and saw red . So much red that even he nearly couldn't tell the difference between friend or foe. It just blended together into a deep crimson fueled by his combined rage and sorrow. With a power-filled yell, the earth rumbled to near world shattering levels and the oceans burst from their sandy beaches and bent to the will of their greatest child. Storm clouds formed in the heavens and a large cumulonimbus covered the once clear sky. Rain fell hard enough to hurt and thunder boomed sporadically. Percy, without