The Demigod Chronicles It was a normal Monday morning in Westville Street, Boston where everybody was leaving for work and school. I was getting ready while mom was packing my lunch. I was usually quite lazy but today was feeling a bit different and special. So I got up did the usual routine and went down for a quick bowl of cereal. Oh my god. Where are my manners. Before all this I would like to introduce myself. My name is Mia. I have a very different life compared to all of you. You will soon discover it later as that is what this story is about. So what are you waiting for? Read on! At around 7:30 the bus arrived, I got my stuff, said bye to mom and got on to the bus. I sat next to my best friend Sarah. She's an amazing girl. She's always happy, supports everybody and is very friendly. Sure, she can get angry quite easily but that's the same case with me. The weird thing is she walks funny and she had a hard time in P.E. when we have to do anything, especially running. So would do the usual catching up, chatting and gossiping just to past some time. When we reached school something felt very different. I didn't know what it was but I knew that something fishy was about to happen that day. I asked Sarah whether she was feeling anything different or that the school was. She replied with a very straight no. so I just decided to carry on. Sarah and I are in the same class, 8C, and our class teacher, Miss Judy, is really sweet sadly despite her sweetness she is in a wheelchair. The two of us have the exact same feelings about our math teacher, Miss Ali, she is one of the biggest and baddest teachers in our school. She has a very rude attitude and is not at all nice… at all but anyways life still goes on. I still remember what my father had said to me when I was a child, he said to not let anything come in the middle of my dream and to aim at the horizon. I always listen to him wherever I am, in life, because I thought that it was really good advice. Anyways, math class has started and got a funny feeling that something's really wrong. So wrong that I had gotten the Goosebumps and the chills up my spine. I've never really felt this way from the time I went on a rollercoaster, and that was 3 years ago! Miss Ali was eyeing me with those snake-like eyes which keep changing into shades of green and was just starring at me. I didn't know what I had done wrong so I just did my best to ignore that. The class was over and everybody was packing up to go to the cafeteria for lunch. I was always the last one to exit the room since I get a lot of things to pass time with. As soon as I was going to exit Miss Ali called me back in. This was just way too suspicious because she never ever calls me. All she does is shout at me and my classmates. I went towards her and something weird happened. Something which no normal human could have done. Miss Ali's lower half was slowly transforming into a very creepy snake - like tail but her upper half was the same. Her eyes became much more like a snake and she started hissing my name with her snake like tongue. I was shocked and I had just frozen in fear. There was no way I could defend myself from her. She started spitting venom and I knew it was venom when I saw it sizzling on the floor like acid. I started to run for the door but she caught me with her tail. Luckily to my surprise I saw Miss Judy at the door standing with a sword in her hand and by standing I mean her lower half transformed into a horse! She threw me the sword and out of instinct I stabbed that snake woman. Thankfully she turned into dust but this is just too much to take in one go. Miss Judy helped me up and asked me if I was alright but I was completely speechless. She seemed to have understood my thoughts so she turned back into her normal wheelchair form and guided me through the hall. Everyone was fine and were clueless of what just happened. Thankfully Sarah ran up to me and asked if I was ok. She was the only one who seemed to have witnessed the situation. She didn't have legs but a cloud like shape below her body and I guess that this was the reason why she couldn't walk properly. Miss Judy led me to this empty classroom and told me to take a seat. Sarah sat next to me. Miss Judy along with Sarah explained what was happening and 90% of it is unbelievable. So step by step I started to gather these explanations. So this is what I gathered. I am a half blood. A half blood or a demigod is the child of a human and a god. These gods can either be Greek, Roman, Norse or Egyptian. What I've been told is that my parent is Greek. When the child is born the godly parent leaves the family and returns to Olympus, the humble abode of the gods. When I told them what happened to my father Sarah said that was not the truth. It was an escape route for the gods to go back. The one thing that was going on and on in the back of my mind was that who could be my father. I knew a bit of Greek mythology so I might know who my real father is. They also warned me that all the Greek demons are real too and that they are thirsty for demigod blood. So I better be careful. Sarah told me that the only place safe from demons is Camp Half-Blood in Long Island Sound, New York. So that's the place where she will take me to now. I asked Miss Judy if my mother knows anything about this. She replied saying that we all knew that you were a demigod and so did my mother. Every mortal parent is not supposed to tell their child about all this until the right time. Sarah was not exactly normal either. She was a cloud nymph she would fly all over the world to find demigods so that she could bring them to the safe place of camp half blood. As soon as I got some idea of what was happening we left for Long Island Sound. We got on the nearest bus from Dorchester to Long Island Sound. They said it will take roughly 4 and a half hours to reach there. So now I decided to spend my time thinking of the dangerous life I was about to witness. I really like the sea and I love swimming so I have a thought that my father might be Poseidon. At this moment I don't know what to feel. To feel shocked, happy, excited, sad, angry, upset or curious. So I started thinking about these things and trying to picture everything Miss Judy had told me. By the time I finished picturing everything I forgot to tell my mom that any of this happened. I asked miss but she said that using phones is dangerous since it's like giving a signal to the demons saying "Hey! I was over here! Come and get me!" She told me there was another way to contact people with something called iris message which was regularly used with demigods. Basically Iris is the goddess of rainbows. The demigods and gods use golden drachmas as their currency. So to send an iris message you need to throw 1 golden drachma, the currency of gods, in any water and tell the rainbow who you want to speak to. So at the next stop I went to the nearest fountain and did what she told me. It showed me the view from the television where mom was sitting. I called out for her and she jumped on her feet. She seemed to have done it before because when she saw me she was a little less shocked and slightly relieved. I told her everything and when I finished she told me that she knew that this would happen one day. After sometime Sarah called me as the bus was leaving. I said bye to mom as tears were running down her cheeks. I knew that she was worried. I could see it in her eyes. I completely understand her. Imagine that your child's life is always in danger and the only way to keep him or her safe is to send them away to a place you cannot enter. It's quite hard to deal with. As I get on the bus I decide to take a nap since long island sound is still 3 more hours away. Sarah woke me up as soon as we reached. When we came out there was this very small and funny looking man. He had a red drunkard's nose. His hair was so black it could've been purple. He wore a tiger patterned Hawaiian shirt. He seemed to be giving a look saying that he doesn't care and he hates his job. Miss Judy and Sarah seemed to have known him well. So we got into his car and we headed to camp half blood. We got off near a hill and there was a gate saying Camp Half-Blood in bold letters. It was quite obvious that we had reached. Mr D, for that was his name, led me to this cabin sort of room. He told me the rules and how things work over here. So he told me that my actual father will 'claim' me. When I say claim I mean that you will get to know who your godly parent is by a symbol or gift. This will happen on the night at the campfire. So right now I was in the unclaimed cabin. My heart and mind were racing. I didn't know what to feel or what to do. So everything went smoothly. I was actually a little curious as to what they will be doing. At the time of the campfire I was glad that I didn't keep my expectations to high. All they really did was nothing much but normal. Most of the Apollo kids sang songs and the rest just sat there listening. Sometimes some demigods would tell stories too. This is also the part when the unclaimed become claimed. I really want Poseidon to be my father because I meet the description of a child of Poseidon. The only thing I don't have are water powers. I don't know how it happens but each person gets claimed in an order. It has begun. Slowly and slowly each of them claimed. Hecate, Iris, Aries, Athena, Demeter, Hephaestus, Aphrodite, Apollo, Hypnos, Hermes… the list could go on and on. Finally, it was my turn. I got up and I felt something happening to me. I was presuming it was a gift. But it didn't feel anything like water it felt the exact opposite. It felt like the sun. Oh no. I look at myself and I was wearing a gold and black outfit and I was holding a bow with an arrow. My father's Apollo. For once I was really angry that he's my father. I guess that explains why he hates me swimming and whenever we go to the beach he'll be sunbathing while I'll be playing in the water. This was when I was 3 years old. Every camper was staring at