A/N: Long time no see. This is just a small one-shot I've been working on over Christmas! A Snowy Day The year 1042 of the third age. Legolas is five years old. The pitter-pattering of small wet feet moved quickly through the hallways of the Elvenking's Halls, exclamations followed as the feet no doubt swerved out of the way of servants and the like. Thranduil didn't look up from the paperwork he was correcting as the door to his office was pushed open, knowing the footsteps of his elfling by heart. The stacks of paper around him were endless at this point of year, and he had been hauled up in his office for the past few weeks to try and work his way through it. The snows made it harder to patrol, especially now that the darkness was rising in Mirkwood, and it was harder getting provisions for themselves and the many settlements inside the forest. "Ada," his elfling's voice sounded breathlessly from the doorway, and then the wet feet made their way over to his desk. Legolas barely able to pear over the edge of it to see what he was doing. "Hmm?" Thranduil responded absentmindedly, as he read through the new treaty he had made with the one of the mannish settlements. They wanted too much from him compared to what little he got in return, but he didn't know if he could go without it nevertheless. "Ada, I've been out in the snow all day playing and it's so deep! You wouldn't believe what…" Thranduil toned out his son's voice as Legolas started to babble about everything that he had done that day. At first he was committed to concentrating on both things at the same time, but soon his focus rested entirely on the treaty before him and everything else just faded to the background until his attention was drawn back to his son as Legolas asked impatiently, probably for the second time. "So, will you come with me?" His little son sounded so eager and Thranduil resolutely kept his eyes on his work because he knew that the moment he looked into Legolas' big, ice blue eyes, he would cave. "Come with you where?" Thranduil asked as he pulled out a fresh piece of paper and began answering the ones who had drafted the treaty. "Haven't you been listening to me?" Legolas then asked, his voice becoming deflated and unsure. "Of course I have," Thranduil lied, unable to hurt his son, as he knew he would be if he knew he hadn't been listening at all. "Then you would know what I am talking about," Legolas said quietly. "Will you please come with me, Ada?" "I can't," Thranduil responded, placing the treaty in the already-dealt-with-pile and picked up a report from one of the stacks, looking it over for a moment before taking another one as well, his eyes flickering between them. "You know that Ada is very busy." "I know… But I promise it won't take more than a few minutes." "I can't, Legolas," Thranduil said sternly. "Why don't you go see if Nenion can play with you instead?" "But, I already told you that Nenion-" "Then I'm sure Sírwen will want to," Thranduil interrupted impatiently as frustration at the news that the darkness was gathering even more reached him from the report he was reading. "But-" "Legolas!" Thranduil snapped sternly. His son's voice was immediately cut off. "I don't have time for this right now. I have important matters to see to." The silence that followed made him able to concentrate on the report of orcs moving up northwards from the southern part of the forest, attacking the patrols stationed there. It was only broken by the quiet sound of his door opening and then closing again, something that he barely registered, his thoughts already filled with plans and politics. O "Mana le carita?" Alfirin asked dryly as he leaned in over Legolas' prone body, his intense yellow and green eyes locking onto his ward's gaze, which had been glaring at the sky. [What are you doing?] Legolas was lying on the snow with his arms crossed over his chest, a slightly petulant expression on his face as he glared into the cloudy skies, snow falling into his silvery-white hair. After having been with his ward for more than a year he was able to read the exhaustion and hurt deep in those endless, ice blue eyes. "I'm protesting," Legolas snapped in irritation, staring upside down at Alfirin instead. Alfirin crouched by Legolas' head, his lips curving into a feral grin and he flicked his ward's nose. "And how is that working out for you, Titta Lassë?" Legolas just glared at him before moving his focus back to the sky, blinking as a snowflake fell into his eye. "It's working just fine," he muttered sulkily. Alfirin laughed at that, amusement glittering in his hawk eyes. He looked around the snow-clad garden, eyes stopping at the sight of three elfling-sized snow sculptures rising beside Legolas. They had been patted gently into the rough form of elves, two tall and one small. The small snow-elf was clad in green leaves, and the snow-elf to the left of it looked like it was wearing a dress with the shape the snow had been patted into. The one to the left, though, had a crown of twigs and leaves upon its head. They had arms of branches stuck into them, fashioned in such a way that the two tall ones were holding the hands of the elfling between them. It was clearly something that his ward had spent the whole day creating. "I'm usually not partial to wearing a crown but if that is the way you see me then I guess it could be worse," Alfirin said in an attempt to put a smile on the elfling's lips, his own grin widening as he turned back to look at Legolas. It didn't work, however, and he could only watch as tears welled up in Legolas' blue eyes only to be blinked furiously away as he parted red lips to take a shuddering breath. "It's Ada," Legolas said quietly, turning his head and staring at the figure. A tear slipped unchecked from the corner of his eye, down his temple until it disappeared in his hair. "Well, I think there is a certain grey dog that's missing from this family, isn't there?" Alfirin asked, reaching out to caress the elfling's flushed cheek, cold from lying in the snow. "You haven't made Wolf yet." "It doesn't matter anymore," Legolas muttered miserably. "Ada doesn't want to see them. He doesn't have time…" "There are many decisions that rest upon his shoulders as king," Alfirin told his ward, as he had done many times before. "It does not mean that he does not care for you." "He never has time," Legolas whispered, turning onto his side, the snow crunching underneath his body, and closing his eyes. A long moment he just laid there silently, but then he mumbled, "I'm tired, Alf…" Alfirin combed his fingers through Legolas' hair before pulling the elfling's emerald cloak over him and fixing his scarf so that it warmed him better. "Then sleep, Titta Lassë," he responded liltingly in Nandorin. "Do you wish to go to your room or are you not yet finished protesting?" "Not finished protesting yet," Legolas mumbled sleepily, and Alfirin was finally rewarded with the sight of a tired smile upon his ward's lips. "Then sleep," Alfirin responded, his fingers ghosting over Legolas' forehead and closed eyelids. "I will not stray far." And then he was gone, up into the trees around the garden, watching his ward from above as the small elfling slowly fell asleep in the snow even as more fell down around him. O "You are late for dinner, my hard-working husband." A smile appeared upon Thranduil's lips as he heard his wife's voice, his shoulders immediately relaxing from their tense positions. Emelin glided in behind him and laid her arms around him from behind, pressing a kiss against his cheek as he leaned back in his chair, abandoning the letter he had been writing. "Is it evening already?" Thranduil murmured, leaning his head forward as his wife began to massage his neck. Emelin gave a musical laugh at that. "I would sooner call it nightfall," she told him, squeezing his shoulders one last time before moving around his desk until she could sit upon its edge, looking at her husband through sparkling, emerald green eyes. Her silvery-white hair was brushed behind her ear on one side of her face, a loving smile upon her lips. "No matter, though. You are not the only one who was late for dinner; our errant elfling also hasn't made an appearance yet. I would have thought that he was here with you," she chuckled. Thranduil felt a stone setting in his stomach at those words, remembering for the first time since it had happened his encounter with Legolas that very same day. "Legolas?" "Yes, Legolas," Emelin said a smile still upon her lips. "Wasn't it sweet that he has spent all day making sculptures of us in the snow?" The stone in his stomach suddenly weighed a whole ton. Emelin didn't notice this, though, as her eyes took a faraway look, sadness entering them. "I think he was even up before dawn… His nightmares interrupting another nights rest…" Thranduil could no longer handle it, leaning forward and placing his head in his hands, his elbows resting upon his desk. His wife was silent for a moment but then she asked perceptively her voice suddenly wary, "What did you do, Thran?" "…I sent him away." Thranduil whispered tiredly, unable to look up as he felt his wife stiffen beside him. "I was too caught up to listen to what he was trying to tell me. I thought he wanted someone to play with so I told him to go find Nenion or Sírwen instead." "Oh Thranduil…" Emelin sighed. "I know how busy you are, but you haven't spent any time with him in weeks. He's stopped expecting any answers when he asks you something." "Surely it isn't that bad," Thranduil winced. Emelin arched an eyebrow at him. "If you had been listening then you would know that Nenion in on a trip with his father, out collecting pinecones and nuts in the forest, and Sírwen has gone with her mother and father back to their settlement for the winter. Her father and mother have taken time off from work to spend time with her and their families. They haven't been in the Halls for almost a week now." Thranduil's mouth became dry as he scrunched his eyes shut in defeat. "Damn it…" he cursed under his breath. Emelin was silent for a moment but then she reached out and caressed his hair away from his face. "He loves you, Thranduil. Go and find him. You know our elfling, you know that he will forgive you if you ask." "I know..." Thranduil said pained. "He has inherited your heart, my love…" He rose up from his chair and stepped closer to her before pressing a loving kiss against her forehead before leaning his against it. "What would I do without you?" Emelin smiled at that, kissing him gently before saying, "Go to him, Thran. He has been in the garden all day; perhaps this is where you should start looking. I will take a look at your paperwork while you are away and start organizing this mess so you can take the rest of the evening off. Give our elfling a bit of love." "I will," Thranduil answered, squeezing her hand. "Thank you." He stepped around her and hurried towards the door, his steps soon hastening to almost a run as he set out towards the garden his son frequented most. The guards around the Halls looked startled at him, almost drawing