HAVEN This story is a part of the Hope of Mirkwood series, therefore I would recommend going back and reading the others before this one. The story takes place in the Forth age, after the events of the Lord of the Rings, and it will revolve mostly around Legolas' life in Ithilien. Characters: Thranduil (His wife, Emelin, died giving birth to Kirion in Coldness) Legolas (born TA 1037) Faneth (Legolas' wife, died in War of Light and Darkness) Maliel (Their daughter – born TA 2510, married to Elrohir) Hithel (Legolas' younger sister – born TA 2032, sailed) Gwaur (Hithel's husband, sailed) Kirion (Legolas and Hithel's younger brother – born TA 2493) Alfirin (Legolas' minder when he was an elfling) Yúcalë (Alfirin's nephew) Legolas' old team: Aewon, Húron, Gruinor, Osbon, Ecthel, Thand, Amath, Callon, Roben, Pengon, Hiwon, Maer and Taenor Warriors trained intensely by Legolas, elite team in Mirkwood. *Of these only Gruinor, Roben, and Pengon are still alive. O Chapter one – One last battle The year 3019 of the Third Age From the very moment the orcs had flooded upon their ranks, the world had once more turned to chaos as they stood there before the towering Black Gate of Mordor. The very sky was covered with thick layers of cloud that blocked out all light in an attempt to strengthen the darkness in this last battle. Battle cries, guttural snarls from orcs, desperate orders, screams of pain and grief, and piercing shrieks from the fell beasts circling above their heads as they were attacked by giant eagles swooping down from the overcast sky to fight their shadowed kin, for if orcs were made from elves, tortured and mutilated, then it is possible that the Nazgul were eagles once. Everything mixed together in an unbearable noise that would not cease. In the middle of this chaos, Legolas swirled, flew, and turned like water in motion, effortless and infinitely powerful. His white, twin knives cut through the air with nary a sound, already covered in black blood as they pierced the orcs that surround him just as easily as they would cut through water. He caught an orcish scimitar on one blade while driving the other through the creature's throat, and black blood spattered upon his alabaster skin even as he withdrew his blade and caught the next weapon upon it. Another orc crept up behind him so he drew one of his blades across the throat of the orc in front of him before swirling around and burying the same knife in the other's chest, hardly taking a moment to breathe. "Twenty!" A reluctant, but feral, smile spread out upon Legolas' lips as the shout reached his ears and even as he dispatched the next orc he racked his memory for a count. "Thiry-two!" Legolas chuckled. A roar of indignation followed the statement. As Legolas kicked one of the orcs in the head and sent it sprawling to the ground, his sapphire blue eyes lifted from what was immediately around him. There he saw Gimli hacking furiously at the orcs in his reach. His friend was like an explosion of emotions and ferocity barreling through the battlefield. There was nothing elegant about the way he fought, but the shear brutality and roughness that the axe represented when he wielded it was still a force to be reckoned with. Legolas was torn from his musings when he was forced to duck another blade and suddenly he found himself within the fight once more. The last fight… The last battle... Emotions he did not even understand welled up inside his chest constantly even though he pushed them down and numbed them as effectively as possible to focus. He did know, though, the weight that lay beneath every slash, behind every thrust, it was the weight of grief, of hope, of pain, of relief, of sadness, and of complete and utter fear… Through his whole life, he had fought for this day and in the recent years this had been his target, this had been his reason to keep going and battling his way through every single, agonizing day. Now here he was… and what terrified him was the fact that he did not know what he was going to do when it was over, he could not think past the fight… Suddenly a more ancient scream reverberated through the air. The sound was almost like that of a tortured animal, filled with agony and feral anger. Immediately, it sent a shiver racing down his spine, for the sound was agonizingly familiar. Legolas faltered in his flowing movement and gasped as it felt like shards of ice were thrust mercilessly and repeatedly through the old scars left by Sauron's black sword. His face twisted into a grimace and he had to fight himself to keep holding on to his knives when all he wanted to do was to clasp his hands before his ears and shut his eyes so tightly that it would block out the memories that well up inside him of excruciating pain and harrowing coldness. As he clenched his knives tighter in an attempt to keep his grip, he noticed that the orcs around him had also frozen, their eyes glazed with fear. The Nazgul shrieked as well and fled from the eagles, towards the Mountain of Doom. Around him he heard the rejuvenated cries of the soldiers as they realized what was happening, but Legolas didn't follow them as they surged forward against the still indecisive orcs, and he barely registered as Gandalf commanded something through the sounds of battle. Icy tendrils had snaked their way deep inside him from his scars, the wounds he had known would never truly heal. Just as Legolas blinked his wavering vision into focus and raised his knives, a loud rumble resounded through the field and the ground seemed to shake beneath his feet. Unable to keep his feet, Legolas collapsed to his knees with a grunt. "Legolas!" He heard Gimli's gruff voice shout through the fog that surrounded him, but just as he was about to turn his head an even more ear-splitting shriek sounded through the air. Gasping, Legolas clasped his hands over his ears but forced his eyes to stay open and focused on what was happening inside the gates of Mordor. A resounding rumble, explosions, and cries of panicked orcs joined in with the horrendous shriek and before their very eyes Morder began to crumble. Fire and ash erupted from the depths of the mountain of fire and the Black Gate crumbled into nothingness along with the Towers of the Teeth. Greatest, though, was the sight of Barad-Dúr, the black tower of adamant, as it crumbled without the power of the one ring, the flaming eye of Sauron screeching and wailing at its peak, but growing dimmer. The eye burned out. In a brief second it seemed as though the whole world stood still, all sounds were muted and all actions had paused. In this moment a large shadow rose from the tower, rising up towards the violent skies, cackling and vast, and Legolas found that he recognized the shape of Annatar but this time he was not beautiful and haunting, instead Sauron's evil and decay shone through the disguise. The large shadow stretched one of its hands threateningly out towards their army but then suddenly it whipped its head slightly to the right and Legolas found himself caught beneath the weight of Annatar's gaze, his hand readjusting its aim to him. Immediately, he cried out as ice was driven even more violently through the scars in his chest and he hunched over in response to the pain. The whole world seemed to disappear and it was just the two of them, just like it had been in Dol Guldur. He knew that this was the last attack that Sauron could make, the last attempt to drag someone down with him before the power of the ring disappeared completely. The last fight between light and darkness. Legolas pushed his power through the walls around his mind and light burst like a wave of water out from his body, rolling and flooding over to field and over the darkness of Mordor. As the light cast itself against the vast form of Annatar a mixture of a scream and a roar was ripped from the shadow and suddenly sound and motion returned to the world around them. A mighty wind followed in the wake of his light and it tore through Mordor, blowing away the great shadow and collapsing the last of the Black Tower. Orcs were fleeing in panic over seeing their Master overcome and conquered. As the wind swept violently over the land, the thick clouds that covered the sky were washed away and the brilliant light of the sun burst through the darkness, momentarily blinding him with its splendor. Warmth seemed to be absorbed into his chilled body as the rays of the sun danced upon his wet cheeks. It was over… " Faneth did not give her life for you to die!" " She gave her life for freedom!" Legolas roared, "She allowed me to go because she believed that one day, we would not have to be afraid, and we would not have to live under the crushing weight of shadow and by the Valar I will see her wish accomplished! I will be there when the clouds roll back from the sky and the light is allowed to shine through without hindrance! I will be there when the war of light and darkness comes to an end!" It was done… Legolas gazed unwaveringly towards the sun but even the warmth and hope that the light brought with it could not contain the waves of grief that rolled over him, knowing that Faneth wasn't there to see everything they had hoped for come true. As he closed his eyes to the light, he pushed another tear down his cheek. I wish you could have seen this Faneth… The sun is shining once more… Finally the world is safe for our daughter and our grandchildren… "Laddie?" Gimli's hesitant voice made him open his eyes once more and gaze at Gimli, who was standing uncomfortably before him with a mixture of worry and apprehension in his eyes. The dwarf's axe was black with the blood of orcs and he could see no signs of wounds on him. "The sun shines, my friend," Legolas whispered. "Aye," Gimli agreed, the tension leaving him. He reached out to place one of his hands upon Legolas' shoulder. Legolas once more looked towards the sky, seeing the eagles circling overhead and flying towards Mordor. A strange sense of numbness was starting to fill him and, not for the first time, he felt that his purpose was completed… He felt an overwhelming urge to concede defeat as well, an urge to leave the new world he had fought for to the next generation, for he had lost nearly everything in trying to achieve it and there was almost nothing left. But his daughter had asked him to stay… "What was the final count?" Legolas asked and if his voice shook then Gimli didn't comment on it. He needed to keep fighting… Gimli grumbled gruffly under his breath and involuntarily Legolas felt the corners of his lips curve in amusement. "Thirty-six," Gimli finally muttered annoyed, glaring at him as if daring him to overstep it. A chuckle bubbled up inside him and flowed past his lips like the clear sound of silver bells. "Forty-one." Immediately, Gimli grabbed his axe and looked around for more enemies. He would have run off after the fleeing orcs if Legolas had not placed his hands upon the hands that gripped the axe. Gimli's brown eyes moved and locked onto his sapphire blue. "I think perhaps that we have spilled enough blood already," Legolas said softly. "You have shown beyond doubt the stubbornness and the fierceness of the dwarves