AID FROM A FRIEND This story is written as a sequel to my story Coldness . It can be read without reading it first; I suspect that there will be some mild confusion though, and you will not be able to understand, at least in the beginning, the characters' depths and pasts. Information: This story will take place in the year 2515 of the third age. Characters: Thranduil (His wife died giving birth to Kirion – Coldness) Legolas (born TA 1037) Faneth (Legolas' wife) Maliel (Their daughter – born TA 2510) Hithel (Legolas' younger sister – born TA 2032) Gwaur (Hithel's husband) Kirion (Legolas and Hithel's younger brother – born TA 2493) Fanor (Faneth's father) Gilrin (Faneth's mother) Ecphen (Royal Healer of Mirkwood) Sarnor (Captain of the Mirkwood forces, rank just below Legolas) Legolas' old team: Húron, Gruinor, Osbon, Ecthel, Thand, Amath, Callon, Roben, Pengon, Hiwon, Maer and Taenor Warriors trained intensely by Legolas, elite team in Mirkwood. *Aewon, Legolas' sworn brother, was also part of this team. He was killed in Coldness. Enjoy! O Chapter one – A letter "Ada!" Maliel squealed laughing as she bolted into their sitting room and threw her arms around him. Legolas chuckled and lifted her into his arms. He gazed down into the icy blue irises that looked so much like his own except for being completely open and readable, innocent. Faneth had once again braided her auburn hair and tied small blue ribbons at the ends of both, just the way Maliel loved it. "Hello gorgeous." Legolas greeted and kissed her cheek. "What is my beautiful daughter up to today?" "Nana told me to go tell you that she was going to bring lunch up in a minute." Maliel said breathlessly. She had a proud note in her voice over being allowed to deliver a message. "She said that you've been working too much and need a break." "Thank you for telling me." Legolas smiled, "How about we clean this up then, so we can sit down." He gestured at the countless of scattered papers covering the table; there were even a few on the couch. Maliel nodded with a chuckle so he set her down and they immediately began gathering all the papers. His daughter collected them carefully after being told countless of times that she shouldn't ruin them because they were important, just like she had been instructed not to touch his weapons because they were dangerous. When Maliel came to him and carefully handed him a small pile of gathered papers with both hands, he smiled and thanked her before adding them to his own pile and standing to put the pile in the drawer of his desk. Maliel swelled with pride and used a few moments skipping happily around the room. Legolas smiled and shook his head before rushing to her and lifting her high into the air, spinning her around. Maliel squealed with glee and held tightly on to his forearms. When he had rendered her suitably dizzy Legolas stopped and held her close to him instead. Maliel giggled, her eyes were disorientated, and clung to his tunic. At that moment the door opened and Faneth stepped in with his younger brother Kirion who was carrying a tray of food. "Nana!" Maliel giggled. Legolas set her down on the floor and watched with a smile on his lips as she staggered over to Faneth. Faneth chuckled as well and scooped her into her arms directing a playful glare towards her husband, "Did your Ada do this to you my poor daughter?" Legolas stepped up to them and laid his arm around Faneth's waist kissing her gently. "Good day to you too." He smiled to her. Faneth's glare was replaced with a smile. "Yep, don't mind me I'll just bring the food and be on my way." Kirion said feigning indignation. Legolas laughed and threw himself at Kirion ruffling his hair. Kirion immediately struggled to get out of his grip. "Valar Legolas, control yourself I'm twenty-three!" He outburst and finally managed to get out of Legolas' grip. Immediately he tried to push his hair in the right place again. His emerald green eyes narrowed as he glared at his elder brother. Legolas held up his hands as a sign of surrender. Maliel and Faneth were laughing at the scene. "Why don't you join us Kirion since you were so helpful in bringing the food?" Legolas offered, "I can see that there is more than enough." The irritation in Kirion's eyes melted away and he smiled, "Sure. I wouldn't miss a meal with my favorite niece." "I'm your only niece." Maliel giggled and ran to him, begging to be lifted. He picked her up and sat down on the couch with her. Legolas stepped up to Faneth again and placed an arm around her waist. She sighed contently and leaned her head against his shoulder. "I missed you this morning." Faneth breathed. Legolas kissed her hair, "I'm sorry. I got called away urgently at dawn. The rain last night flooded one of the settlements close to the forest river and they had to be evacuated and brought here. Ada and I had to arrange the pickup and reassure them when they arrived." "Were they all right?" Faneth asked, her healer instincts kicking in. It had been a long time since she had been on duty in the healing wing since she had become Crown Princess and had to take care of Maliel, but she had never forgotten it. During their marriage there had already been plenty of times where she had taken care of his injuries. "They were wet, but uninjured." Legolas smirked, "Come, I'm starving." They started moving over to Kirion and Maliel who were already eating. "I bet you are because you didn't eat breakfast." Faneth accused and jabbed her finger into his ribs. Legolas dodged her attack chuckling and sat down in one of the armchairs. He took a plate and gathered some food on it. Faneth did the same after shaking her head. Just as he had moved the first piece of food to his mouth a knock sounded on the door. Legolas sighed and put the food down again, he sat up straighter and stared for a moment at the door, immediately looking every inch the prince he was. "It's open." He called gently to the person seeking entrance. The handle went down and Sarnor stepped into the room. He smiled when he saw the gathered family, but then looked seriously at Legolas. When Legolas got to his feet and walked over to him, Sarnor held out a missive he had had in his hands. Legolas took it and gazed at it. "This just arrived by bird from Rivendell." Sarnor said, "It was their fastest bird." "It's from Glorfindel." Legolas muttered as he studied the unbroken seal that held the message together. He held his finger up to Sarnor without taking his eyes off of it, "Stay here for a minute until I'm sure it's not a call of war or something." "Of course my Prince." Sarnor responded dutifully. Legolas walked to his desk and leaned against the wooden surface before breaking the seal and unrolling the message. Faneth kept a trained eye upon her husband and only she was able to perceive the subtle darkening in his eyes and the feeling of sadness that welled up inside of him. She stood up and walked over to him, placing her hand gently on his arm to give him support. Legolas briefly looked up from the letter at her touch, but then concentrated on the words once more. It was a long letter, written in Glorfindel's elegant handwriting; there was something about it though, faint signs that said that the letter was written in haste and as a last resort. She had to force herself not to read it, at least until she got Legolas' permission. At last Legolas looked up, to the others it wouldn't seem like he had been affected by what he had read but she could feel that he had been shaken by its contents. "Thank you Sarnor." He said with a smile, "No call of war fortunately, you can leave." Sarnor smiled in return, "No problems." Then he bowed and left the room. I'll tell you later. Legolas' voice sounded inside her head. Faneth nodded hesitantly, Are you all right? Yes. Legolas rolled the scroll together once more and placed it in his drawer before turning back to the table where his daughter and little brother were sitting. Kirion was looking at him with a suspicious glint in his eyes and Maliel looked at him innocently with a slightly tilted head. "Who sent a letter Ada?" Maliel asked. It was just like her to be curious about everything. Legolas smirked and walked back to his seat, Faneth did the same. "An elf from Rivendell called Glorfindel." Legolas answered, "You haven't met him before, but he is a friend of mine." Maliel gaped at him, "The balrog slayer…?" Legolas chuckled, "Yes, if you meet him I am sure he will be delighted to tell you lots of stories." He then turned to Kirion, "Do you remember him?" Kirion nodded, "A little. He hasn't been here since Maliel's birth has he?" "No, he hasn't." There was a sad note to Legolas' voice as he said this. "Why?" Legolas exhaled deeply and looked thoughtfully at Maliel for a moment weighing if it was a story she should hear. Faneth saved him by asking Maliel if they should make a plate for grandpa and bring it to him, which Maliel readily agreed to. When they were gone Legolas turned to Kirion, "Rivendell is ruled by Elrond Peredhil and his family. His wife Celebrian, his twin sons Elladan and Elrohir, and his daughter Arwen, you know this right?" Kirion nodded so Legolas continued. "A year before Maliel was born Celebrian was captured by orcs on the misty mountains while travelling home from a trip to Lothlorien." Legolas' voice was slightly bitter as he told the story and his eyes darkened with past memories. Kirion looked shocked at him. "Elladan and Elrohir frantically rode out to save her but by the time they arrived Celebrian had been hurt so badly that she had lost the will to live in Middle Earth. About a month before Maliel's birth she sailed to Valinor." Legolas said, "Glorfindel has not been here for some time because his lords are still grieving and both they and Rivendell need his support." "The time around Maliel's birth… this was why you traveled constantly from Rivendell to Mirkwood." Kirion asked. "Yes, I rode back and forth to help them." Legolas smiled sadly, his eyes staring into space. "They are like a second family to me and they always have been. Glorfindel and I worked together to keep them from falling apart, but I had to leave two weeks before Maliel's birth and since everything has been so hectic since then I haven't had the time to visit them. I frequently get updates from Glorfindel though." "And this was just another update?" Kirion asked suspiciously. He wasn't good at reading his elder brother, the only ones who managed that to perfection were Faneth and Thranduil, but he had noticed Faneth's movements. Legolas looked at him and Kirion suddenly felt very young as he was drawn into Legolas endless icy blue eyes. He almost always felt young in Legolas presence but now he was extra aware of it. Legolas was over two thousand years older than him and had practically raised him after their mother had died and Thranduil had gone maniac for a period. He didn't remember much from that time, but there were sometimes still that he would wake up from a nightmare where his father's face screamed that it was his fault. It was almost impossible to imagine now after living for years with his father supporting him and always being there for