WAR OF LIGHT AND DARKNESS This story is a part of the Hope of Mirkwood series, therefore I would recommend going back and reading the others before this one, but it can be read without. It takes place in the years 2940 and 2941 of the Third Age and will revolve around the attack of Dol Guldur. It is going to be a little AU. Characters: Thranduil (His wife died giving birth to Kirion – Coldness) Legolas (born TA 1037) Faneth (Legolas' wife) Maliel (Their daughter – born TA 2510) Hithel (Legolas' younger sister – born TA 2032) Gwaur (Hithel's husband) Kirion (Legolas and Hithel's younger brother – born TA 2493) Ecphen (Royal Healer of Mirkwood) Sarnor (Captain of the Mirkwood forces, rank just below Legolas) Legolas' old team: Húron, Gruinor, Osbon, Ecthel, Thand, Amath, Callon, Roben, Pengon, Hiwon, Maer and Taenor Warriors trained intensely by Legolas, elite team in Mirkwood. *Aewon, Legolas' sworn brother, was also part of this team. He was killed in Coldness. Chapter one – The beginning The year 2940 of the Third Age, October Maliel sighed and turned another page in the book, trying to keep her mind off of her father as she always attempted when he was away. The lights on the table flickered as a night breeze drifted through the open window of her parents' sitting area. Despite her attempts her mind refused to concentrate on the words before her and instead drifted of into speculations of what was going on. She was used to her father going out by now but it had never been on such a scale as it was now. Of course he wouldn't tell her anything and didn't want her to worry about it, but she had taken to noting where he went. His meetings with grandfather had doubled, as had his late hours. There were often times when she would wake in the middle of the night and go into their sitting area to see her father going through paperwork in the light of a lantern. At those times he would only smile sheepishly to her and pack his things together before waving her over and sitting with her for a while, making sure that she was all right. Those moments, alone with him at night, resting her head against his shoulder, had become precious to her. It never felt like she saw him enough, though she knew that his late hours were because he chose to spend the evening with them instead of doing it then. He preferred to forgo sleep before forgoing the limited time they had together. She was always certain that her mother was taking care of him and making sure that he wasn't exerting himself too much. Maliel chuckled quietly as she remembered one time when her mother had felt that Legolas had been worked too hard for a period of time. It was one of the rare moments when her temper showed and it had resulted in her shouting at grandfather, who of course had taken it very calmly and apologetically. He had taken her father's paperwork with him, telling Legolas to sleep, but at that moment she had seen the same exhaustion in him, the same strain. Hell, even her uncle seemed to be more worn out than usual and he wasn't even a warrior. Luckily Kirion was there to take over for her father in the political matters so Legolas didn't have to attend to as many council meetings. Nonetheless, those slots had been filled in with extra patrols and scouting missions. A powerful wind swept into the room and blew out the fire on the candles, submerging the room in complete darkness except for the faint light coming in from the window. A storm was brewing. Maliel sighed and sat up in the couch before placing her book on the table and getting to her feet. She walked over to the window and looked out over the swaying dark trees of the forest of Mirkwood. Another pang of worry shot through her at the thought of her father being outside in that weather despite the fact that she knew that he could take care of himself. Shaking her head to disband her thoughts, she closed the window and stepped back of to the couch. Once she had sat down she found the matches and easily struck one to life before using it to light the candles. She had barely made it past the second candle before a loud crash sounded throughout the room and she startled, her heart pounding with shock and fear. She quickly whipped her head around just in time to see a cloaked figure stumble into the room from a hidden door behind her father's desk. The figure grabbed hold of her father's chair but not even that stopped him from stumblingly falling to his knees with a thud. For a second nothing moved and the only sound through the room was the person's harsh and pained breathing. Maliel found herself frozen in shock, her mind not being able to take in what her eyes were seeing. This couldn't be her Ada… He couldn't be injured… She would have felt something. She was forced to admit it though when the person lifted his head and sapphire eyes met her widened blue eyes. It was almost as if the fine glass barrier that usually kept all his emotions in check had shattered and therefore she was able to see his pain clear in his eyes, but at the same time she could see collected calmness. "Maliel…" Legolas breathed and grabbed hold of the table to pull himself to his feet. Immediately more pain flew through his eyes and he reluctantly let out a groan while falling to his knees once more. This finally seemed to snap her out of her stupor and she rushed to his side, kneeling beside him and ducking in under his arm, placing one hand along his back and the other held onto the arm he had over her shoulders. As soon as her right arm settled across his back, her eyes widened at the moisture that she knew was the cause behind the overpowering smell of blood. With her help Legolas managed to get to his feet and they staggered over to the couch where she lowered her father down to sit. He grimaced and closed his eyes tightly. It was a moment before he reached out shakily and drew the hood from his head. She swallowed fearfully and glanced down to see that her right sleeve was soaked in blood before kneeling beside him and placing her hand on his knee. "Ada?" She choked, her voice shaking. Legolas' sapphire blue eyes fluttered open at his daughter's voice but a few moments went by before they properly locked onto hers. He gave her a small smile and made to caress her cheek with his hand when he noticed that it too was covered in blood, no doubt having tried to put pressure on the wound in his back. He lowered his hand once more and settled for leaning forward until their foreheads were pressed against each other, closing his eyes. Maliel could feel him sweating slightly and as the seconds rolled by and Legolas continued not saying anything, she feared that he was losing consciousness. It was then that his eyes opened once more. A grain of strength had returned to them after being carefully pulled together during this small moment of rest. He kissed her forehead before drawing back to look at her, giving a sad smile at the tears rolling down her cheeks. "Maliel…" He said weakly, "I need you to get your grandfather… and Ecphen. Make sure that none but these two know that I am injured… Then go to your mother and stay… with her." "What are you saying?" Maliel choked, "I can't leave you now Ada." She was almost afraid of even blinking for fear that he would collapse in that one moment of inattentiveness. Sure, she had seen him wounded before, but never like this, never without anyone beside her, and never before the healers had tended to him first. Legolas was about to say something in return when a tremble of pain raced through his body and he clenched his eyes shut, hunching forward slightly until his head was placed on her shoulder. "Ada?" Maliel asked fearfully and reached up to place her hands on his arms. From this point she could see the large tear in his cloak and the almost brown color were it had been soaked with blood. "Do as I say please…" Legolas ground out through teeth clenched in pain. It was at that moment that she heard footsteps running from the inside of the hidden door and her head jerked up fearfully to stare at the empty doorway. "Ada someone's coming…" She whispered. Immediately Legolas tensed and he drew himself up. He reached out and pulled his long knife from his belt while pressing her down under the cover of the couch so she couldn't be seen from the door. All muscles inside his body were ready to act at the impending threat and for a moment all his pain seemed to have melted away, leaving his eyes completely unreadable and sharp. The footsteps came closer and closer to the room until someone crashed into it. Legolas was one second from throwing his knife at the invader when he realized who it was and restrained himself, once more slumping together in pain and fatigue. "Húron." He groaned and removed his hand from where it had been placed upon his daughter ready to push her down or away. Maliel immediately came up once more and took hold of him as he swayed on the spot. Húron immediately rushed to the couch and fell to his knees beside her before reaching up and placing his fingers upon her father's pulse point. She could see the unrestrained worry and fear in the elf's eyes as they took his commander in. "Legolas, what the hell happened?" Húron asked slightly panicked, "We're split up for one moment and the next thing I know I can't find you and there's blood in the Head Quarters, leading through the tunnel to your room." "Is the tunnel secure…?" Legolas asked; pain was etched in his voice. "Are Head Quarters?" "They are untouched." Húron said and quickly got to his feet. He walked over to the secret door and closed it firmly, locking it with some mechanism and once more it was invisible to the naked eye. Legolas turned to her once again. "Maliel do as I said…" He said weakly, nonetheless leaving no room for disobedience. His eyes were both tender and firm as they locked upon hers. "I won't be alone now. I promise that I will be all right…" Maliel choked out a sob but nevertheless wrapped her arms tightly around him, seeking comfort even in a brief hug. She felt as her father's gentle aura melted into hers as it always did on close contact and it soothed her like nothing else would. Legolas kissed the top of her head and then pushed her gently away from him. She got to her feet and looked at Húron, who gave a small nod before replacing her spot before her father and reaching up to unclasp his cloak, no doubt wanting to check the wound on his back. Her feet felt like lead as she turned around and hurried out of the room. The halls whirled past her eyes as she hurried through the halls to her grandfather's office. Despite the fact that it was getting late she knew that he would be there instead of in his own suite. Valar… her father had been so pale… She hadn't seen the wound but from the amount of blood that had soaked into his cloak she knew that it was bad… He hadn't been able to