Elladan and Elrohir rode swiftly though the forest, only seconds before they had abandoned their camp when they heard a high-pitched scream vibrate through the trees. They had been out hunting just outside Rivendell's border when they had seen orc tracks in the earth. For the orcs to be so close to their border was distressing, the reason for them to risk coming so close must have been of great importance. The orcs' voices became louder and louder the closer they got to their encampment. They slowed the horses down and proceeded with caution, not wanting to risk anything unnecessary, but the sight of the elf maiden in the middle of the camp made their blood go cold. They didn't inspect her further before they found themselves running into the camp with their weapons in their hands and horses left outside the clearing. Elrohir pulled back a little and used his bow to fire at the orcs while Elladan fought with his sword trying to get closer to the maiden. As time went by more orcs slipped past Elladan and hurried towards Elrohir, so the younger twin was forced to draw his sword and lay his bow aside. There were too many orcs they could not hope to win alone. They needed to run. Elrohir knew those things and he knew that he needed to tell his twin, Elladan tended to not think when he was fighting. "Elladan!" Elrohir shouted when he saw Elladan finish off an orc. He himself was fighting while he said this. The orc used his inattention the gain ground, but Elrohir managed to hold him off. "There are too many of them! Get over to her and then run, take her to safety!" "Why do you say that as if you're not coming?" Elladan shouted panicked, but nevertheless moved closer to the elf. Elrohir heard the concern in his brother's voice and smiled. He cut down another orc and then ran in Elladan's direction cutting down any orc who dared cross his path. Elrohir could feel pain suddenly coming from his link with Elladan and looked over there to see an orc stabbing Elladan in the arm. "Elladan!" Elrohir screamed and ran to his brother's side. "Don't worry." Elladan pressed his voice betraying no pain even though Elrohir could feel it through him. There weren't as many orc left as there had been in the start and some of them were starting to run into the forest and away. They stood on either side of the unconscious maiden protecting her as the orcs kept coming. They didn't know how long they fought, all the strokes melting into one as they continued in a constant pattern. The flow of orcs did not stop and the twins were loosing strength and both had gained injuries. Elladan! Elrohir's voice sounded in Elladan's mind. We cannot win this there isn't an end to them. We need to get her to safety. With that Elrohir whistled for their horses. Soon they heard hoof beats over the sound of the constant fighting. Elladan covered Elrohir's back while he got the elf onto his horse and quickly jumped up behind her. Elladan then followed onto his own horse. They called to their horses in elvish begging them to ride with all speed and soon they were leaving the battlefield behind them. The orc screamed after them and tried to follow, but their elven horses were too quick. They first slowed down when they were safely inside the borders of Imladris. They had crossed the Bruinen at the crossing point, first when they were over the river did they calm down slightly. They slowed down the by now panting horses when they came upon a small clearing in the forest. Elladan gracefully jumped off his horse and neared Elrohir's. He knew that Elrohir was shaken; he always was after a fight. "Ro?" Elladan asked gently and placed his hand on the arm Elrohir had wrapped around the elf. Elrohir slowly looked at Elladan his eyes wider than usual. "It's over Elrohir. You can give her to me." Elladan said. Elrohir nodded and lowered the elf in front of him into Elladan's waiting arms. Elladan placed her on the ground in the middle of the clearing. Elrohir soon knelt down on the other side of her. Together they checked her over for wounds, they were surprised when they saw none except for a cut on her brow. When first they had heard her scream they had prepared for the worst. "She'll be fine." Elrohir said relieved and let out a deep breath he didn't know he had been holding. Then finally they let their eyes run over her, she was wearing a simple dress dirtied now from the mud and her hair was chestnut brown. They had not seen her before. O There was a dull throbbing in her head when she woke up. Her mind was blank and empty; she could quietly hear two voices talking lowered to each other in elvish. Gasping she tore open her eyes and sat up which she soon came to regret as her vision darkened and dizziness and nausea flew through her. Immediately she felt a pair of hands steady her as she breathed deeply and trembled. A cup was soon held to her lips and she drank eagerly. The pain in her head slowly abated and her vision cleared again leaving her gazing into two storm grey eyes, worry was reflected in them and she soon lost herself in their steadiness. Elrohir looked into two astonishing blue eyes, he was worried when he saw one pupil slightly more dilated than the other, revealing that she had a slight concussion. Elladan gently lowered her down on the ground again. The elf gasped when she saw him as well, "How hard did I hit my head?" She panicked, "There are two of you!" Both Elladan and Elrohir burst out laughing, this made her look even more confused. They quickly sobered, though smiles were still placed on their lips. "I'm sorry my lady." Elrohir said politely, "My name is Elrohir and this is my twin brother Elladan. I assure you there are meant to be two of us. Who are you?" "My name is Saewyn…" She answered slowly as if not believing it herself. "Where do you come from Saewyn?" Elladan asked. "I… I…" She stammered panicked. "I don't know… I don't remember. I don't remember anything…" Dread was etched in her voice. Elladan and Elrohir shared a worried look. They could clearly see that Saewyn was panicking and they needed to calm her down before she did any damage to herself. Elladan took her hands softly into his own. "Calm down Saewyn…" He whispered soothingly to her, "It can be a side effect to the blow to your head. I'm sure your memory will come back to you." "Do I know any of you?" She asked. "I do not believe so." Elrohir answered gently before standing up, "This is the first time we've seen you." He walked away from her line of sight, but she looked up and saw Elladan watching his brother. After a few minutes Elrohir came back with some bread and water. He handed her the bread and sat down beside her again. First then she noticed all the blood on both of the twins' clothes. She looked guiltily at them. "Were you wounded when you saved me?" The pain in her voice made both the twins look down at her anxiously. "I'm so sorry, it's all my fault." She had tears in her eyes. "Do not fret." Elladan said calmly, "We are not injured seriously." "That should not calm her Elladan." His twin huffed. "Not after she hears your definition to being seriously injured." "What are you trying to say, that I enjoy being injured?" Elladan said with mock hurt in his voice. "Yes, I am Elladan." Elrohir grinned, "I remember the incident last year where you almost died. You said right to the end that you were fine, seriously you'll end up giving me a heart attack one of these days." "I imagine my definition is not that different from yours, I also seem to remember a time when you almost died and you still talked about being ready for another fight." Elrohir glared at his twin, but then looked at Saewyn again, "What I mean is that it's much wiser to take your insurances from me. Believe me, Elladan and I have been far more injured than we are right now and for a lot more insufficient reasons. We have already taken care of the injuries as well as possible, but I think it would be best if we soon set out for Rivendell where there will be food and rest. Do you not agree Dan?" "I think it is a splendid idea, I'm sure Ada is thoroughly worried about us by now as he always is." Elladan smiled. "And do not lay the blame for our injuries on your own shoulder's since it was me and Elrohir's decision to rescue you no matter what circumstances." Saewyn nodded and smiled. She quickly wiped the tears off her cheeks. Both Elladan and Elrohir grinned at her and then walked from her and began packing the camp together. She inspected them, Elladan was favoring his right arm holding his left tightly against his body, but there was no pain showing in his expression. She saw the worried looks Elrohir was sending his twin and he stopped Elladan a couple of times from lifting some of the more heavy gear in the camp leaving Elladan slightly annoyed. She wouldn't have been able to tell them apart from each other if it wasn't because Elrohir was wearing a green cloak and Elladan's was blue. There were two horses in the outskirts of the clearing, a black and a brown horse. She could guess that the brown horse was Elrohir's when he placed his things on the horses back. He talked gently to his horse and then looked at Elladan. Elladan looked up as well and it seemed as though they were communicating. I should probably take her on my horse; you shouldn't move your arm around too much. My arm isn't that bad. I can feel when you're in pain Elladan don't try to lie to me. You're wounded as well Ro. I wasn't the one who got stabbed in the arm. There is no need to pain you when it isn't necessary. Fine. They suddenly stopped looking at each other and returned to what they had been doing before. Elrohir moved his horse towards Saewyn and then gently helped her up on it so she was sitting in front of him. He then jumped up behind her. "Have you ever ridden a horse before lady Saewyn?" Elrohir asked politely as he grasped the reins. Saewyn shook her head slightly frightened from side to side, "I don't think so." "Don't worry." Elladan said grinning as he rode up beside them, "I'm sure Elrohir won't let you fall with intention." "I will never let her fall Elladan, how dare you accuse me, Elrohir the horse master, of something like that." Elrohir accused with mock hurt in his voice. "Horse master?" Elladan groaned irritated. "Don't come with that title again." "It is the proper title." Elrohir smiled, "Just look at how gorgeous and well trained Túel is in comparison to Cannor." He said and patted Túel's mane, she neighed at him and quickened her pace. "She will not let any of us fall Saewyn." Elrohir had always had his way with horses and other animals, being the most gentle of the twins. Túel was the fastest and most well trained horse in Rivendell. Elrohir had even helped Elladan tame Cannor somewhat, but the bond he shared with Túel was something else. She would never let anyone else ride her unless Elrohir said she could, though sometimes when Elrohir