Thranduil looked emotionlessly at the silver haired elf in front of him. Anger radiated from him when he thought about what had happened. This was the captain of the patrol who had just come back with the report that orcs had infiltrated father into the forest of Mirkwood. "We tried to hold them back my lord, but there were too many of them to fight off with so few numbers. I need more men if I am to hold back the orcs." His voice wavered with exhaustion he had been on patrol constantly the last months. "Perhaps it is rather because you are a too insufficient leader, Legolas. Maybe I should let another patrol handle the area that you are charged with if you can't handle this. I will not let Mirkwood fall to these beasts." Thranduil said roughly. The blood immediately left Legolas' face leaving him paler than he had been from the start. Sending patrols out there would only endanger other patrols. These were people his duty was to protect with him being the crown prince of Mirkwood. "I will not let it fall my lord." Legolas said emotionlessly to his father as his legs started shaking with strain. His body was exhausted; he had had no time to recover before the king had sent for him to make a report. "Please don't send another patrol it is too dangerous in that area, my men are already used to it." "You will only get one more chance. Do not disgrace me again." Thranduil hissed. Deep down he knew that it was foolish to send the patrol out to that place again, he knew deep down that Mirkwood was falling but he refused to believe it. He forest had become more and more dangerous and Legolas' patrol had responsibility of the most dangerous part close to Dol Guldur. It was the best patrol he had and he was aware that he was slowly running them to the ground, but there was no way around it. If he pulled them back and sent another patrol in then more men would be lost. "My men are exhausted my lord. I beg you to give them a few days of rest before we are sent out again." Legolas pleaded. Thranduil had already noticed his son's masked exhaustion. Even though he was sure Legolas was doing everything he could not show it, it was pouring off him. "Mirkwood is in need of you and you ask for days of rest? Are you sure it is your men who need it and not yourself?" Thranduil asked accusingly. "Do you want to watch all other men fight while you're having time to do nothing?" Legolas flinched at these comments, "My lord if would go out right now, but my men haven't had any days off the last month. They're running themselves to the ground." Legolas answered without mentioning that he hadn't had a day off in several months. "We cannot afford for you to use that time." Thranduil snared his patience running thin. "But my lord-" "ENOUGH! You and your men are leaving at midday tomorrow." Thranduil roared leaving no discussion. Legolas bowed his head slightly, "If that is what our king demands." He said weakly. "The prince of Mirkwood taking a day off when other citizens are out there fighting for him. I'm ashamed you would even suggest something like this. Leave my sight!" "I'm sorry Ada…" Legolas whispered brokenly. He didn't know if it was a good thing that he wasn't crying because that meant that he was getting used to this kind of treatment. "I said leave!" Thranduil shouted madly. Legolas bowed and left the room staggering. As Thranduil watched his back he saw how weighed down it was. He also noticed with distress that blood was showing multiple places on Legolas' clothes and he seemed ready to collapse. When the door shut behind him Thranduil was left alone in the room, his anger seemed to disperse and he now greatly regretted what he had said as he always did after having a meeting with Legolas, they always ended this way. He didn't show this attitude to anyone else than Legolas and maybe it was because he was family, that that was the place where he vented. All the stress from ruling Mirkwood ultimately fell down on Legolas like always. It pained Thranduil's heart to have watched the brilliant smile disappear from his sons face, but when it came to situations like this one he was always unable to stop himself from saying what he did. Legolas' burden was too much and as Mirkwood fell more and more it only became greater. Thranduil leaned back in his chair and rubbed his temples. I'm so sorry Legolas, he thought silently knowing that it had been years since he had last said that he loved his son. He was also aware that Legolas hadn't had a day off in more than a month, maybe even several… S Legolas staggered out the door and a little down the hallway before leaning against a wall and slowly sliding down it. His legs couldn't carry the weight anymore. He hadn't slept for almost a week they had been fighting orcs constantly and then they had hurried back to Mirkwood when another patrol had come to replace them for a couple of days. He had been together with his men when the king had called for him all of them were worn out. Even though he had tried not to show they had probably noticed that he was even more worn out than they were. They had at first complained loudly when Legolas had been summoned saying that he should get some rest first. But Legolas knew his father and there would be some kind of punishment for him if he ignored an order, for it was very much and order. He would be punished even if it were because he was practically ready to collapse. The men had offered to wait for him or go with him, but he had sent them to their beds thanking for the offer. He loved those men and he wanted to protect them from getting run down. That was the only reason he had asked his father for a day off. Every single piece of his body ached; he was a lot of wounds that he had kept secret from his father. He didn't want him to know how bad his condition really was. The pain was just something he had to deal with as he had learned to do over the years. His eyes slowly slid shut as exhaustion ruled his body. He couldn't remember the last time he had slept with his eyes open like elves normally. That said something about the seriousness of his condition and he knew that there would be consequences for ruining his body like this, but his people needed him to be strong so he would be. He was almost on his into the black oblivion when someone knelt down in front of him and started shaking him and calling his name. He could hear that the voice was worried, but he couldn't quite determine whom it belonged to. It sounded so distant from him, like he was hearing it in a dream. It was first when the voice slapped him across the cheek that he found the strength to open his eyes first a little and them more. He looked right into the worried face of his friend Thonor. Legolas had to blink a couple of times to sharpen his vision. He could blearily see Thonor's mouth moving as if he was saying something but he didn't quite understand what he was saying, or rather couldn't hear it. "What…?" Legolas asked blurrily. Suddenly his sense of hearing returned and he could hear several noises in the palace. "You really aren't good Legolas." Thonor observed worriedly. Then he took hold of Legolas' arm and pulled his off the ground. When Legolas staggered and made to fall to the ground again Thonor pulled his arm over his shoulders and half carried him down the hall to Legolas' room. When he came inside he lowered Legolas onto the bed and began taking his shirt off him. Legolas didn't make any reaction to what he was doing, it seemed as though he was only half awake. Thonor gasped when he saw all the more of less healed wounds on his friends chest and arms. Some of them were weeks old and others could be days. He gently began cleaning them and dressing them in bandages. It was almost like a ritual to them, whenever Legolas came home from another patrol Thonor would be there to help him without any others noticing. He had watched Legolas weaken over time and the condition in which he came home also became more and more serious. He looked up at Legolas again and saw that he was now sleeping or he thought he was. He never quite knew any longer since Legolas had first started sleeping with is eyes closed. At first he panicked when Legolas' eyes were closed, but now it was, sadly, normal. Thonor finished tending to all of Legolas' wounds and dressed him in one of his nightshirts. He took off Legolas' boot and gently pulled his legs onto the bed as well. He then threw a blanket over Legolas and sat down in a chair that he pulled over beside the bed. If there was anything he could do to stop Legolas from being run down then he would have done it a long time ago, but the king was too harsh on his only son. It seemed more like they were king and captain instead of father and son. He had watched from the sidelines as Legolas had endured what his father asked of him while losing his smile and his laugh on the way. It had pained him beyond words. Now the only thing he could do was to wait for Legolas to come home from patrol, then he would take care of him and dress his wounds. But it was almost never more than that. Legolas was almost never home for more than a day, and if he was then it was because he had other tasks to do, like meetings and strategy. Thonor sighed heavily and buried his face in his hands almost crying from the cruelty of it all. Mirkwood needed Legolas… It wouldn't be standing right know if it wasn't for Legolas and his patrol, they had done so much. But there was almost only them to carry the load, they would end up being destroyed by it. S Someone touched his cheek sending Thonor out of his elven sleep. He eyes lost their glazed look and were now staring into Legolas' dulled exhausted blue eyes. He didn't think anyone noticed how bad off their prince was, it was only because he had known Legolas for such a long time that he could see the deep pain and exhaustion in Legolas' blue depths. "Thonor." Legolas smiled slightly, "Thank you." "You're welcome." Thonor said darkly, "Legolas your body can't handle this you have to rest. You'll end up dying if you keep going on like you are." Legolas wearily pressed his palms over his face, "I know Thonor…" He muttered, "My men are getting exhausted as well. Right now we are the only ones keeping the orcs from storming Mirkwood. I tried to ask for time to rest this time, but it wasn't possible." There was so much pain in Legolas' voice that Thonor was stunned. "What did he say to you Legolas?" Thonor asked quietly, he could already feel his anger levels rising. What had Thranduil said to cause Legolas so much pain? "That I was a disgrace and that he was ashamed…" Legolas whispered, "He said I was selfish to ask for rest, that I just wanted to watch while