First of all, welcome everyone to my new story of one shots, this time a lot less on a single subject. If you have read more of my stories, you know the drill. Well, this marks the start of a new "story" from my part, in some sick minded way, I like where this has gone, only I am not sure about the current ending, I may or may not be thinking about making this its own story someday.(if so, a lot will have to change, I'm really not sure about everything about this...) oh and before I start... I am just playing around with idea's, most subjects will not be thought up by myself, it will likely have a lot of influence from people like Rorschach's Blott and the like. Oh right, and most of the character's will be subject of far richer people than myself. CRUCIO! Harry had not had a good summer, no, not at all, it began when Sirius died the 22nd of may, and he had eaten almost nothing until the morning he went back 'home', he was getting sick from his friends asking him if he was alright, but ever since he came back to private drive he hadn't received a single letter from them, and when he questioned them using Hedwig 2 weeks ago, Hedwig had never returned to him, and he was sure it was no accident, he was very sure the order was keeping Hedwig from him, most likely to protect him from his own sanity or something stupid like that. And then it happened 2 days ago, Dudley had decided Harry was to boring and accused him of using magic, (to keep it nice and clean,) a good beating later and a reacquaintance for a day and a half with his old closet later found him sitting, or at least, trying to sit how his injuries allowed him, in his bedroom. a beautiful night in the summer of 1996 The smallest bedroom, Private drive 4 Harry was sitting in his room as always with the curtains shut and reading a book with the use of a flashlight when he heard something downstairs. "Who are you!" He heard his uncle scream(which someone who had not been threatened by a dark lord before would have seen as threatening) before he heard someone else say something in a very low voice before he heard something heavy(that's a understatement if I ever written one) falling on the ground. "-to the kitchen-" another voice said, this one seemingly female, vaguely familiar to Harry (he may or may not have heard that voice in his worst nightmares since the 22nd of may, and something about said voice yelping when she was hit with a crucio…). Harry got up and picked his wand from the nightstand and moved as silently as he could to the door, and listened there for a minute if he could hear something else, that is, until he heard someone coming up the stairs, after a few seconds he could hear a door being openen and he could hear his nephew scream a few words which would not be allowed in a pg. 13 story which was cut off by the female voice shooting a spell at him, which sounded very much like crucio. The screams of his nephew gave Harry a very good feeling for some reason, when a thought came to him, death eaters were in his home, and he had no way to contact anyone to receive help, when he looked outside he saw a body lieing just a bit away from the front door with a wooden stick lieing near his outstretched arm. 'Well, it seems my great order guard has failed spectacularly…' Harry thought to himself, not even caring the slightest bit who it was that was lieing there, and he had no red hair, so it was not a Weasley at least. 'Well, here goes nothing… what's the worst that could happen?' he asked himself before silently opening the door and moving downstairs, making sure to avoid the squeaky floorboard on the way down. "So, who wants the first run?" The female voice asked to her fellow death eaters. "You can have the first I would say." Deatheater nr. 2 said to the woman. Harry had at this point gotten to the door to the kitchen and was treated to the sight of his aunt uncle and nephew on their knees on the ground, well, his aunt and uncle on their knees, Dudley was lying in a fetal position shaking like mad, which Harry knew from experience was thanks to exposure to a very painful curse. Harry knew he should feel bad for them, but he did not feel a thing seeing them on the ground like that. No, he did feel something, he felt hate boiling up, and before he knew it he had walked inside the room. All 5 deatheaters turned around wands at the ready when they recognized the beaten up face of a 16 year old Harry Potter. "Potter, it is so nice to see you again, how is your godfather doing?" The woman asked the boy, before doing as if she remembered something, "ow right, I killed him!" She started to cackle maniacally. She looked up at the boy when he just gave her a raised eyebrow, far to used to people saying it: for some reason word had reached the school, and the slytherins made very much use of his new found "weakness". "Hello Lestrange, can I have a go? I have a bit of a history to catch up on with my loving family." The boy said in a deadly calm voice. "But I can't do that with my own wand now can I, I have still got the trace on me after all, wouldn't want the ministry to come after us now would we?" "What are you playing at boy?! What do you mean?!" Vernon yelled at the boy he had lovingly brought up like a freak like him should be brought up. Vernon would not admit it to anyone, but this encounter was the first(and last) time ever he had felt fear in his live, well… he had somehow lost the memories of the Hagrid incident... something about a wizard in red robes. The man was treated to a silencing charm and a underpowered reducto to his left knee by one of the unknown death eaters "You know how to do it I presume, although it was pretty pathetic when you tried it on me." Bella asked, with a weird gleam in her eyes, handing her wand to the boy who surprised them all with not only his presence in this random house they went to, to get a bit of practise in, and the state he was in didn't help matters either, and if Bella knew one thing, it was that those wounds were not gained two months ago in the ministry, they were very fresh looking, but also by accepting it and even asking for advice on how to do it. "Got any tips for me?" Harry asked her whilst a smirk grew on his face when he saw his loving family trying to crawl away from him, fear written all over them. "Concentrate all your hatred and/or disgust into the spell, and will it to do the same pain to them as they did to you, that is, if you can't muster up more hatred then needed for the pain they did to you, it is always tricky to estimate the power needed." She said after a small moment of thought. Harry did what he was told and shouted: "CRUCIO!" with the most force he had ever pushed into a spell. Vernon Dursley screamed harder than he could ever remember screaming, or at least he would if no one had silenced him, the only thing he realy did seemed to be sticking his own tongue into his throat, the pain he felt was excruciating. Ten seconds went by, small cuts were appearing all over the whale like man's body, This had never happened to any of the victims of the death eaters before, and they knew because they had had a lot of practice in the field of torture that this was a very hate induced crucio. 2 hours later Harry stood in front of the dead body's of his aunt, uncle and nephew with five death eaters standing just a bit farther to the back. He was brought out of his thoughts by Bella. "You know, People will most likely have found out something happened here right? And if we are found we will most likely rot in prison?" She asked the young boy- no, man who was still holding her wand, and even after what she said still was not moving. "That was quite an impressive show, but I am afraid if we don't leave now that we will be in trouble, you wanna come with us?" She decided on asking. "Why not, What could possibly go wrong, after this Dumbledore probably won't like me very much anyway… What if Snape found out I came with you out of my own free will though?" "What about Snape?" One of the death eaters asked the boy suspiciously. "He is on our side spying on the order." The man said in his rough voice. "Or at least… The dark lord says so…" "No, he's not, I assure you, he spies for Dumbledore on you, he's a double agent so whichever side wins, he will in the end be on the winning side." Harry said without even thinking about the potential danger he would bring to the potions master(well, he thought about it for about one second, but then he just remembered something else, all the scowls, sneers, points taken from him for nothing…). "So who could help me out with my luggage for a bit? I'm sure there is a tracking charm on one of my possessions, and thanks to our great education we haven't learned how to detect them, and not even mentioned how to remove them." He stated, wouldn't want Dumbledore to find him and send him off to Azkaban after all of this, and really, these people were nice enough to allow him to finish of his family by himself, so, why would he look a gift horse in the mouth, as is commonly said in the muggle world. "I will pick up your luggage and take you with me to our headquarters and I suggest you put on a wizarding robe and hood, I will deal with the dark lord and I will take your worries about Snape to him as well." Bella said again. The dark mark was sent into the air and Harry disappeared from his "Family's home." Hogwarts, Headmasters office The headmaster was sat in his chair overlooking the empty school grounds, well… empty but for Hagrid wandering around doing god knows what at this time of night, when he heard the floo activating. Mrs Figg appeared in his fireplace, she seemed to be in a bit of a piggy, muttering something about death eaters and Harry, and something about apparition, something about a green skull with a snake protruding out of its mouth in the air, and dead family, something around that, the headmaster wasn't to sure though, she seemed off, she was not her irrational self, she was for a change not going on and on about how the headmaster should take the boy away from his relatives for starters… He knew what had to be done, She had to be questioned, under the great influence of his super weapon, his home made lemon drops! The best lemon drops in the entire world! Now, it is time for a word from one of our sponsors! Now also for sale in your local Weasley's Wizards Wheezes! 2 galleons every 250 sweets, buy now and get a free