Alright guys, this one has been eating at me enough I finally turned my thoughts into physical words. The introduction is pretty straight forward, and is something I think a lot of us on here can associate with. Don't know how much of this I will continue, it mostly depends on the response I get from it (so review if you want more)as well as my time commitment, because yes, I actually am studying engineering in college. For any future engineers that may be reading this, bless your soul. I don't own anything except my thoughts and my story. Without further ado, here we go. Do you ever wonder what you would do if your life had become extraordinary? Not like you suddenly become wealthy or you became insanely popular at school or maintained your 4.0gpa. I'm talking about something truly extraordinary. Something magical. Something that could never actually happen. Until...one day...it does. Now I've done my fair share of reading fantasy novels and when they ended I was not content. So naturally I look to fanfiction. I am invested in many stories and their characters. I pegged it as my longing for adventure. For sown thing extraordinary. Something magical. It was an outlet, or rather an inlet, to the possibilities. One of my favorite authors has said "If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world." That was CS Lewis. I find this statement as much more than a longing. I find it as a fact. It is now that because of these events to follow I know that I know this. The events to follow are not concocted for a fanfiction. They are made to send hope, hope to those who like me look for more than seems to exist in our mundane world. Don't think less of me for the following tale. I merely wish to fulfill the longing I know I am not alone in. I long for more. So much more than this world can give me. And somehow, by some miracle, that wish was granted. Background to start. My name is Juliana Evans and I am nearly 19 years old. I study engineering at a fairly popular Christian University in Texas. My life is fairly regular. I have poor eyesight. My right knee clicks painfully when I walk due to eight years of soccer abuse. I'm a musician, which is a part of my soul. Music is how I connect to my spirituality. I play bassoon, djembe, ukulele, baritone, and various other percussion instruments. Yes, I am a Christian. Episcopalian. I love the Lord and I have no doubts to His existence and the entire Trinity. I have a few close friends I am still in contact with from high school. My college friends are either from marching band or my hallway. Besides my brother Ford and his fiancé Jane, my closest friend at school is Matt, two years older, medical humanities major, and Emily and Sam, two girls from my dorm. My goal with my degree is to minor in mathematics and religion and take the humanitarian track so I might do ministry or mission work through engineering. I love my friends and my family. I love to climb trees. I love my cat. Being outside makes me happy. Green is my favorite color. I occasionally get social anxiety and I struggle with self-esteem. I was often bullied throughout my life so social interactions with me Vary from a joking, sarcastic, comfortable ease, to an uncertain aloofness. So basically, I'm your normal semi-adult. I'm stressed about my GPA, exams, finals, debt, my lack of love life, my occasional depression, and my future. I'm nothing extraordinary. Which is why when something extraordinary happened to me I knew what to do. Not because I had experience but because in my mundane life I've run nearly ever scenario through my head. What would I do if that guy tried to attack me? What if that girl started to have a seizure? What if magic was real? What if I could use magic? What if one of the books I cherish so dearly was real? What if what if what if. Well my what ifs soon went away. They went away when one of them came to pass. It all started with a walk through Dawson Park. Dawson Park is a beautiful and stunning escape from reality in the middle of a busy college town. I occasionally walk to trails through the trees, reveling in God's creation and the speckled shadows shed about from the overhanging trees. I had gone this time to enjoy the beautiful Texas day and to clear my mind from the petty stressed of exams and homework. The trail I was on during this time is called Highlander and is one of the more challenging routes. I had just rounded a tree and begun to think about turning around when my thoughts and my body came to a halt. I was face to face with a man not much older than myself, possibly young 20s. Seeing he was equally startled, and not making any move, I gave an awkward half smile and mumbled an apology and sidestepped around him. He turned his head to follow my movement and looked at me quizzically. He looked familiar. As if from a dream...he did not look real. He seemed not to belong here yet seemed perfectly suited to the forest around us. Clearing his throat, he spoke. "My apologies, but I seem to be lost. Could you direct me to someone of knowledge to where I might be?" Turning on my friendly smile and camp counselor helpfulness, I responded with, "Oh yeah, no problem. This trail goes about a mile west and then hooks up to the river trail that will take you to one of the main park areas. Someone down there can help you find your car." He responded with a nod and a pleasant face but I could sense his continued confusion. To myself, I thought I could easily walk back with him, considering I was about to turn around myself, but given the scarcity of people on the trails today, I would rather not be left alone with a stranger. With a casual smile and wave I turned to take my leave. Continuing on my with my walk, my mind made its way back to the stress I was avoiding. As a female in engineering, I'm already out numbered, but as the semester goes on, more and more people start to drop this challenging major. I know I can make it through this program, but it was going to take a bit more tooth and nail than I was expecting. After having walked another 5-ish minutes I decided to turn around, assuming the man from earlier was very much on his way out. Generally I have a good sense of who to trust and who to be suspicious of. This man didn't seem harmful or of ill intent, but with a dad as a cop, you can never be too aware or cautious. Making my way back, I decided to turn off from the trail as my friends and I often did, trusting our sense of direction and bearing relative to the river that ran through the park. Paths were nice, but sometimes they just don't evoke the thrill of wandering through the forest on your own whim. Now as many of you probably saw coming (but at the time I did not) I caught a glimpse of blonde hair through the trees. My subconscious mind had stored the image of the man from earlier, even though I thought it forgotten. Evidently this man also enjoyed veering from the path. Calling out ahead, I jokingly said "Is this how you got lost the first time?" The man whipped around remarkably fast, and this time my mind did register his full appearance, bow with notched arrow and all. I was still a good ten yards away, but by the smooth draw and steady grasp he had on the bow, I figured he wouldn't miss. Smile dropping and hands raising, I did what any ration human would. I froze. Not wanting to aggravate or push him, I stood shock still, waiting for his move. It came slowly and much too long for my taste. The man lowered his bow and began to walk towards me, eyes sparking in recognition. "My apologies, you move quietly and with ease, I had not heard you approach. You startled me". Hunting was definitely a thing here, it was Texas after all, but normally you don't hunt right off pedestrian trails. With his weapon now down, I let the tension in body go but remained light on my feet, running self defense through my mind and simultaneously attempting to form a calm and logical response. "So sorry, I didn't mean to scare you. People normally don't venture off the pathways when trying to find their way out of the forest. I was just heading back to the main trail." Carefully watching his movements I started to turn back towards the path a little ways off. As I moved I remained alert and attentive to any sounds behind me. It was again his voice that stopped me. Here was when I noticed his misplaced accent. "I'm sorry again to ask, but I really do seem to be finding myself turned around, I hear a river off to one side and the rest is drowned out by an awful roaring commotion. It makes it quite hard to follow the river in all that noise." Great. This guy needed me to guide him. Considering he did not shoot me, and weapons themselves don't intimidate me, (dads a cop) so long as he kept it slung over his shoulder, I don't see there being a problem. "Uh yeah, the roads through here don't help with trying to find total peace and quiet. I can walk you back to the highlander trail that will take you right to the river. Just...don't pull your bow out like that again. Really isn't necessary at the moment." Offering a conceding nod and smile he gestured for me to lead the way. Starting off once again, I noticed he carried himself easily through the brush and rough terrain. It was with almost a practiced ease. Interesting how someone so familiar with traveling this landscape would be so easily turned around in it. Attempting to lighten the social load of conversation, I asked this question. His reply was "Oh, well I'm quite comfortable here in the forest, but the strange sounds from the...'roads?' You said? Yes from the roads was drawing me towards them in curiosity. I failed to realize the road sounds were coming from all sides and wasn't consistently from the same spot". Well okay, his answer does make sense but usually people are more aware of how the roads work around here. Making it now back to the main trail I had no choice but to keep walking with him since the sun was going to be setting soon, and I would much rather be out in the setting sun with a guy who has yet to actually attack me(although there was a close call) and seems lost, than some other thug who isn't lost and knows exactly what he's doing. Dawson Park is a sketchy place, increasing exponentially as the sky gets darker. The trail from here to the place I parked was about a half hour trek, so hopefully that puts this guy where he needed to be. So far he seemed nice enough, a bit quiet, and despite my encounter with the weapon threat, he seemed sane. I do live on a college campus, so while his appearance wasn't necessarily conventional, I have definitely seen stranger. I live in an engineering dorm for crying out loud.