Aliase99 here yo! This is just the classic going back in time to read books! I'm bored so I thought, well, why not? Anywho, this will probably have tons of grammar mistakes since I wrote it when I was tired like Hades - or Hermes, take your pick, both are really busy. Disclaimer: Me: Invited Apollo here! Hey Apollo, do it! Apollo: Sure darlin'! She does not own us PJO Characters. I am so awesome. Me: Okay... I guess that's the best I can expect from him. Oh well. Anyway, rate and review everyone! Millennia ago, Ancient Greece In Olympus, the 12 Olympians plus Hades (because it's the winter solstice) and Hestia (who was tending to the hearth) were meeting as usual. And by usual, I mean tons of pointless bickering and stuff. Zeus was trying to explain to Hera about his latest affair. Cue the key word trying. Hera just snubbed him. Meanwhile, Hermes and Apollo were planning some pranks on Artemis and Aphrodite who were arguing whether or not the maiden goddess should have a love-life. Ares was complaining to Hephaestus about his traps while the god of blacksmiths tuned him out. While this was happening, Hades was rolling his eyes at Demeter's repeated complaint against his marriage to Persephone. Poseidon was talking to Hestia, having nothing to do. They were interrupted by a sudden flash of golden light. They looked at the direction and saw the light dissipating, revealing Theseus, Perseus, Orion, Hercules, Jason, Odysseus and Bellerophon. "Huh? Father, why have you summoned us?" asked Perseus as he took in the sight of Olympus and the gods. Zeus looked baffled and answered, "No son. I did not summon you here." Meanwhile, Theseus was avoiding Dionysus because of Ariadne. Orion was trying his best not to look at Artemis' direction because of the glares Apollo, the overprotective brother, was sending him. Hercules was puffing his chest in pride in front of Jason – a mortal – while avoiding Artemis' angry glares. Odysseus and Bellerophon were just standing by. Another golden light flashed and revealed Princess Andromeda and Perses, her son. It also revealed Amphitrite, Triton and Persephone. "Wife? Son?" questioned Poseidon as Perseus greeted his wife and son. Amphitrite looked at her husband who had a confused look on his face and shook her head. "I do not know how we got here." Triton nodded and with his mother, sat on their thrones. While glaring at his half-brothers Theseus, Orion and Bellerophon of course. Meanwhile, Demeter ran to Persephone and hugged her tightly. "My daughter! I missed you. It's because of that bastard" cue glare at Hades. " that you haven't returned to me." She kissed her on the forehead. Persephone pushed her away saying, "Mother, I love Hades so please don't say that he is at fault." "But he took you in the first place!" Demeter retorted. Persephone just frowned and sat on her throne which magically appeared when they arrived. Demeter looked at her sadly before glaring madly at Hades. "Mother!" Persephone snapped. Demeter just snorted and sat on her throne. A silver flash of light suddenly appeared in front of Athena and a piece of parchment landed on her hands. Her gray steely orbs scanned it and then she cocked her head at Zeus's direction. "A letter from the Fates, Father." She said. The room went into chaos and mutterings were heard throughout the room. Zeus slammed his Master Bolt and shouted, "SILENCE!" Everyone became quiet. Zeus declared, "Read it daughter." Dear Gods of Olympus, We have sent you the Heroes of Old – Perseus, Theseus, Orion, Hercules, Bellerophon, Jason, and Odysseus – and the Queen of the Seas, her son and the Queen of the Underworld. But that's not all. We will soon send a second group, the Heroes of New who have done many deeds. Although, we would be sending them two years from the time they have done their deeds. Then a third group composing of powerful legacies. The second group and the third group come from the shifting of the Western Civilization and they are the key to save the gods from destruction. Every single one of these demigods and legacies shall not be harmed. Please swear (all of you): I swear on the River Styx that I shall not harm anyone who was sent by the Fates. Thunder boomed as Athena said it. The gods followed; some reluctantly. The Heroes of Old also swore. Also, no matter what you may hear or see happen, do not reach to conclusions – and we mean you Zeus, you overgrown paranoid Drama Queen – Poseidon and Hades snickered as they saw the look on Zeus's face. Also, Apollo. Apollo perked up. Your future self and Hermes' future self helped us in this and you did something. You cursed that boy who was considered your legacy in case he and his big mouth blab something very disrespectful. We are excited to see what you have done. But please, control your legacy. Apollo and Hermes glanced at each other while others looked at Apollo confusedly. Artemis just thought that boy legacy of her brother inherited his big mouth. You will be reading about a young hero who has outdone all. At this, the Heroes of Old glanced at each other. Surpassed them all? We also hope that this will help save some lives a.k.a. helping Hades avoid overnight shifts. Hades nodded in thanks. Also, we hoped that you will be more closer as a family. Hestia smiled. Hera thought that she will endure these demigods if it means becoming a family. Sincerely, The Fates (plus the awesome gods Hermes and Apollo!) "Future us are so amazing, right Herm?" Apollo asked Hermes. Hermes grinned. "Yup!" Hera then spoke up, her words shocking all. "Well, where are those demigods and legacies? I would love to meet them." Silence reigned in the air. Suddenly, a bright golden light and from it appeared two groups of teenagers. The ones wearing orange said: "Wha-!?" "Where are we?!" "Is this freakin' Olympus!?" "Whoa!" While the ones wearing purple said: "Where are we?" "Olympus?" "Are those the gods?" "Why are there Greeks?!" "SILENCE!" Thundered Zeus. The demigods from the future quieted. "Athena, explain." Zeus ordered. Athena explained everything. From what timeline they are in currently to the reason why they were summoned. "I see." Remarked a young twelve-year old girl with blonde curly hair and gray eyes very similar to Athena's. Two look-alike boys with brown hair and brown eyes filled with mischievousness spoke, "We're back in the past? Awesome!" "I just did something that's on my bucket list." Spoke the boy with sandy blonde hair. A satyr wearing a rasta cap agreed. "Yeah. Same here." "Greeks, so – MEEP!" A thin blonde boy wearing purple said. Heads swerved towards his direction while those wearing purple laughed and snickered. The heroes just looked confused. Aren't they all Greek? "Introduce yourselves and your parentage." Said Poseidon, seeing as his little brother is red from anger at being ignored. The Heroes of New stood at attention and the ones wearing orange introduced themselves. The boy with the sandy blonde hair with sky blue eyes stood in front and spoke, "Luke Castellan, son of Hermes." Hermes grinned widely at his son while the other gods and the Heroes of Old tried not to groan. More pranks. They thought. "Us next!" shouted the brown-haired boy who dragged his look-alike. "I am Travis – " "And I am Conner – " "Stoll! And we are also sons of the awesome god Hermes!" They finished. "Chris Rodriguez, son of Hermes too!" A boy waved. This time, the gods and demigods (plus the mortal Jason) did groan. Four children of the god of pranks and the god himself. Hephaestus was already designing new traps and defenses. Two blonde-haired and gray-eyed children walked to the front and proudly declared. "Annabeth Chase, daughter of Athena." "Malcolm Pace, son of Athena." Athena beamed proudly. But her pride was short-lived due to a certain Barnacle Beard. Poseidon whistled, "Athena isn't blonde yet both of her children are. And they have different surnames. So dear niece… I would love to say that in the future, blondes are your taste?" She just blushed while glaring at him. Aphrodite just squealed lightly in her throne thinking, "Pothena is so cute! But Amphitrite would be mad." The demigods just continued when Hades urged them to. "I am Clarisse La Rue, the daughter of Ares." A bulky girl declared. Ares spluttered in his throne saying, "I… I have a d-d-daughter?!" Hermes clapped him on his shoulder. "Congrats! Finally a girl!" Two girls walked in front again. "Katie Gardner, daughter of Demeter." The smaller one said and the taller one followed, "Miranda Gardner, daughter of Demeter." Demeter's mouth was wide open as Hades grinned while Persephone smiled softly. "Dear sisters, how many more siblings do we have?" She asked. Katie tilted her head to the side before answering, "We have at least fourteen? Or fifteen maybe." Hades grinned and looked at Demeter, who was blushing red at the fact of having at least fifteen children. With different men! "So, so, sister. Are you getting influenced by Aphrodite?" He asked 'innocently'. Demeter tried to glare at him. "S-s-shut up!" Hades shrugged. He just wanted a chance to get back at his sister (the wheat freak) who keeps calling him a kidnapper. Three blonde boys walked forward. The first one said, "Will Solace, son of Apollo." "Really Apollo? Solace?" asked Hermes with a raised eyebrow. Apollo just shrugged. "Don't know what I'm gonna do in the future. "Michael Yew, son of Apollo." "Lee Fletcher, son of Apollo." Artemis rolled her eyes at Apollo's shining grin directed to his children. "Silena Beauregard, daughter of Aphrodite." Aphrodite squealed. "Yippee! I have a demigod child! Oh daughter, we are sooo going to have fun!" "Of course mom!" Silena exclaimed happily. She rarely ever sees her mother and interacts with her but now that she has the chance, she won't let it go. A girl walked beside her. "Lacy Matthews, daughter of Aphrodite." "Oooh! You my daughter are a cutie!" Aphrodite squealed. Lacy blushed and and nodded in thanks. As she was walking back, a girl bumped her shoulder as she walked in front. "Drew Tanaka, mother. I am a daughter of Aphrodite and the only charmspeaker in Camp." Drew announced proudly as she battered her eyelashes. "Now this one is really Aphrodite's child." Artemis thought as she watched. She also thought that maybe she can bring that Lacy to the Hunt. That Silena was obviously similar to her mother, especially this Drew. Aphrodite smiled sweetly at her. Drew smiled in return but when she turned back, a scowl was on her face. Her mother didn't praise her, the only charmspeaker! The most powerful Aphrodite child. Next up were two burly boys. The one on the left spoke up first. "I am Charle Beckendorf, son of Hephaestus. Please call me Beckendorf." Beckendorf said as he saw his father nod at him. Meanwhile, Aphrodite was frowning. Her husband has children. But she did do affairs so she just shook it out of her head. "Jake Mason, son of Hephaestus." Jake told them. Following them were two plump boys. "I'm Castor. This is my twin, Pollux. We're sons of Dionysus." Pollux nodded. Dionysus merely looked at them. Athena then looked at them before saying, "I see. Then may our purple-wearing demigods introduce themselves?" "Reyna Avila Ramirez-Arellano, daughter of the Roman goddess of war, Bellona." A black-haired girl wearing a purple cape declared proudly. Athena and her children asked curiously "Roman?" "We Romans are the children of Rome. Rome is an empire founded by a son of Lord Ares. He forced countries under his control and also conquered Greece. When he conquered Greece, he changed the names of the gods, making them counterparts. My mother, Bellona is a Roman goddess without a Greek counterpart." Reyna explained patiently. All