A Tree with a View Hello everyone! Here is my second Fanfic! And something I've been planing to do for months! Don't fret, I still intend to finish my first fanfic "For the love of Music," but lets just say this project has been irking me for a while so I stayed up all night to write the opening chapter to see if you all would like it! Just a heads up: This story and some character descriptions will be based on the movie Sabrina with Stephanie Meyer's Twilight characters thrown in for fun, and then my own personal flavor of writing for your own enjoyment. The prologue is a combination of the old and new Sabrina films scripts...plus some of my own words. It's simply meant to set the stage... the rest of the chapter words will be all me! Prologue Once upon a time, on the North Shore of Long Island, some 30 miles from New York, there lived wealthy family by the name of Cullen. The mansion was very large indeed, almost a castle, and had many servants. There were servants for inside the mansion, and outside the mansion. There were six crews of gardeners to take care of the gardens, and a tree surgeon on a retainer. There was a boatman to put the boats in the water in the spring and scrape their bottoms in the winter. There were specialists to take care of the grounds, the outdoor tennis court and the indoor tennis court, the outdoor swimming pool and the indoor swimming pool. And a man of no particular title took care of a small pool in the garden for a goldfish named Garrett. Also on the estate, over the garage, there was chauffeur by the name of Swan, who had been sent from the across the country some years ago with a Rolls-Royce, and he had a daughter by the name of Isabella... or Bella for short. The Cullens were noted for the parties they gave. Few people anymore give parties the way they did. It never rained on the night of the Cullen party. The Cullens wouldn't have stood for it. There were four Cullens in all—father, mother and two sons. Carlisle Christopher Cullen, who inherited the Cullen Communication Corporation, retired last year and passed his familie's life's work on to his eldest son, so he could retire at 50. He was once on the cover of Fortune magazine. He married his wife, Esme Elizabeth Cullen, in London and bought her a townhouse in New York, this estate for weekends, and an island in the Caribbean, named Isle Esme, as an anniversary present. The townhouse has since been converted into Saks Fifth Avenue. Edward Anthony Mason Cullen, the oldest son, who graduated from high school at 16 and from Yale at 19, followed in his fathers foot-steps all this life. His classmates voted him the man most likely to leave his alma mater several million dollars, and best hair in the class. In two years, he turned his family's hundred-million dollar business, into some serious money. He was once on the cover of Time magazine, and despite public demand, turned down any other publicity photo shoots that weren't considered serious. But most of all, there was Emmett McCarty Cullen, the younger son. He was in and out of the best Eastern colleges money could offer, and even more relationships. He was handsome and charming and funny and romantic. Edward writes his brother off these days as a walking tax deduction. Emmett... was in a Gap ad. Life was pleasant among the Cullens, for this was as close to heaven as one could get on Long Island. Chapter 1: The Same Old Routine "Isabella Marie Swan! Will you please come down from that tree!" Isabella, or Bella as she preferred to be called, had always thought herself to be a rather plain sort of girl. She had long brown healthy hair that came past her waist, deep chocolate brown eyes with long lashes, her height came to about 5'6, and was notoriously shy and clumsy. She was slender but possessed a fit figure from actively climbing trees and constantly running about the estate assisting the servants inside and outside the Cullen manor. Bella had never been confident or known for her fashion sense, but she was and always had been very kind and loving. Everyone liked her, and since she was practically raised on the Cullen estate for most of her life, everyone knew her and treated her as if she were their own. But for as long as Bella could remember, she had always, always loved and admired only one boy her entire life, who was now indeed, a man. Emmett Cullen. Emmett was everything Bella could ever dream of; tall, strong, handsome, and charming. Just like a prince. Her prince. But Bella was well aware that, according to Emmett Cullen, she may as well have been invisible. Sure she occasionally, and almost unintentionally, bumped into him sometimes around the house or outside while working in the gardens. And Emmett would always excuse himself kindly, and graciously apologize for having been so rude to knock her down or cause her to drop whatever she might have been carrying. She lived for those short but sweet moments. When he would always bless her with one of his earth-moving pearly white smiles, with two precious dimples on either side of his cheeks. Those smiles were meant for her... and she remembered every single one. "Bella. Isabella, are you listening to me?" Bella's attention was currently fixated over the garden wall and could scarcely make out the complaining of her father ten feet below her on the ground, while she was perched like a bird inside her favorite sycamore spying tree. Her eyes were zeroed in and focused on one figure only, moving about the dance floor in a white tailcoat Armani jacket with his present conquest well in hand. A curly red headed vixen dressed in a silver sequined gown, who just now whispered something into Emmett's ear, causing him to burst out with his loud joyous laughter, echoing across the garden directly into Bella's ears. "Drat, she made him laugh," she muttered and looked away from the scene, unable to bare staring any longer at the happy couple. "Bella..." Charlie sighed. He thought to himself this obsession with Emmett Cullen had gone on long enough. It's high time this girl gets out and explores the world. A world which doesn't involve or have anything to do with the Cullens! "Am I funny?" Bella looked down to her father imploringly. "Hilarious," Charlie droned with a blank expression, "Now will you come down? You have to start packing. You've delayed long enough." Bella turned her face back to the throng of elegant dancers, dressed to the nines, unable to tear her eyes away from Emmett a moment longer than she had to. "I'm not sure if I want to go anymore. He'll forget all about me," she whispered the last part to herself knowing that it's a fat chance Emmett Cullen will even notice she's left to begin with. "It's difficult to forget someone when they don't even know they exit." The minute the words left Charlie's lips, he instantly regretted them. "I'm sorry, Bella. I—I didn't mean—" "No, it's alright. It's true. I'm not—I'm mean he never—" she huffed once then shook her head to stop the unwanted thoughts flooding through her mind about a fantasy she was quite certain will never come true. "I'm sorry dad. Just give me five more minutes. Just until they play 'I remember you,' then I'll meet you inside." Charlie was used to this routine by now; knowing his little girl had the entire evening of the Cullen party mapped out inside her mind. Especially the flawless way Emmett picked up girls as if it were a rehearsed play. She knew that first he would dance with them and exchange some witty banter. Afterward, if the woman consented, he would direct her to meet him inside the solarium and wait for him there. Meanwhile, while the lady waited in anticipation, he would ask the band singer to sing "I remember you," and hide two flukes in his back pockets, and a bottle of the Cullen's best champagne inside his jacket to surprise the lady with a toast when he arrived. Finally, he would ask her for a private romantic dance under the moonlight. Then as if right on cue, Bella heard the band playing the opening cords to the familiar standard song. Instantly and expertly, she climbed down the tree, landing like a feline on the soft ground. She looked up and saw her father's silhouette in the window on top of the garage, so quickly and quietly, tripping only once, she made her way toward the solarium. She decided to use the short cut through the downstairs of the mansion this time so she wouldn't be seen in her casual attire by the party guests. She stepped out of the shadows and into the bright kitchen where the hustle and bustle of the servers and chefs, were quickly and efficiently replenishing the hors d'oeuvres on the trays, and refilling the flukes and wine glasses for the party goers outside. "Mi'ja, where are you going?" Bella winced from being caught, realizing only now it would have been impossible to pass through here undetected, since practically everyone working inside the room knew her... except for the extra hires for the party this evening. Quickly recovering and without missing a beat, Bella casually turned around and smiled warmly, opening her arms wide to acknowledge the familiar voice that called out to her. "I was looking for you , Maria." Maria, a short and plump Hispanic woman with a thick Puerto Rican accent, was flattered and touched and beamed a brilliant smile. She stopped refilling the shrimp tray to give a hug and a kiss to her little niña. "Awe, we're going to miss you here, mia Niña." Much to Bella's relief, Maria was successfully oblivious as to her original destination. Bella always counted Maria as one of her many motherly figures that worked inside the manor. "So good of you to say good-bye before your grand departure! And when are we expected to lose you to this other country, huh? Where are you going again?" "Vienna, the music schoo—" "Ach ja! Our song bird is taking flight tomorrow! Come here cantante , and give your old Marcus a kiss!" Marcus called out in his thick German accent loudly over his frying pan and rushed over to lift Bella off her feet in a huge bear crushing hug. "Oof! Mar-cus! Put me down, you silly man!" Bella managed to chuckle lightheartedly at her friend, but still felt anxious to pass through kitchen, just to catch a glimpse of Emmett before she had to reluctantly pack and leave for the year. "Marcus, you're getting tomato sauce all over the floor. Put the poor girl down and go back to your post, please! Maria, we're running low on shrimps, how much longer, dear? Oh, Carmen, please inform Maggie the fireworks will be going off right on schedule, and to start heading up to the roof at a quarter past. Thank you." At times like these, Sue Clearwater was never to be trifled with. She was in her professional work mode. Her job at all the Cullen parties and other functions was to make sure everything ran smoothly and efficiently... and she was good at it. She was currently barking at some servers for their disheveled attire. Yet no matter how stressful her job became, Sue remained polite and respectful when speaking to all the workers on the job, which always made everyone respect her in return. Sue was Bella's favorite amongst all the workers at the Cullen mansion, and was also the closest she had to a mother. Sue helped Charlie frequently after