The Boys of Summer Just to sum up, this quote helped inspire this story, I figured I should put it on here so it can get its due I guess. ' We are Infinite' – 'The Perks of Being a Wallflower' Seth When we are young, most of us have yet to learn that, life isn't simple. We aren't men yet, we're boys, boys who don't understand that not everyone is a friend… "Take a deep breath man, you just gotta take a deep breath before you go, and don't think man, don't think or you'll psych yourself out and then I'll have to spend another god damn half an hour trying to convince you to listen to me." Boys don't realize many things…why would they? They're boys after all, they don't realize the thing about friends…they don't realize that just because someone is a friend…it doesn't mean they're a friend. "Come on man, just take a deep breath…do it with me…" So when a boy like me, meets a boy like him… maybe I want to be his friend…but just because he's a friend, doesn't mean he's a friend….maybe… Maybe he's something more "Come on, don't you trust me?" His eyes shimmered, I watched him with all his confidence, he had no clue how much I trusted him…but to completely give him my trust could mean the end for us…if only he knew.. "I…I trust you." I whispered. He smiled and we jumped off a cliff into the deep blue ocean below. 2 days later "I was ten then, dad was still alive and I wasn't consumed by all the stress of being a teenage werewolf…and I wasn't a possibly bipolar depressant yet, but that comes later." "My dad was part of a council that ran the small reservation we lived in called La Push. The council was made up of 3 members of the main families that could change into wolves, there's Billy Black, there's Old Quil, and then there was my dad, Henry Clearwater. I learned early on all about the council, and what I was meant to become…but I was a boy, none of that was a concern to me…my only concerns were meeting other kids so we could play games and watch Pokemon." "My dad didn't quite understand boys, I mean he understood none of that grown up stuff interested me, but he wanted me exposed to this stuff so I had some idea what council meetings were about." "It was at one of these 'riveting' meetings that I met him. The boy who would make my whole life about him…without him even realizing it, Jacob Black. At 10 though, I didn't realize this, I didn't know that I needed him them, that for the next 7 years I was going to see this boy almost every single day and the days I didn't I was nothing but an empty shell of a boy, he would at some point become my only reason for living. It happened the day after my 13th birthday, his father and he had to go out of town for a day, and that whole day I was the most miserable person on Earth, I actually got physically ill with his absence. When he came back and visited me though, I was better in a matter of an hour…my parents had just figured it was some sort of food poisoning, but for me, it was when I first realized I needed him in my life, at 13 I didn't fully understand these feelings…but I was too afraid to tell anyone…I mean who do you tell these things to?" "Even now though, at 17, I realize these feelings…they weren't love, people could call it that but…the word somehow always feels too weak to describe what I feel for him, it's like…I care about him, as much as any one person can physically and emotionally care for another. I was 15 when I realized these feelings were part of the werewolf imprinting thing…but I can't help but think that's not just it. If anything, the imprinting just solidified my feelings towards him." "No one, not a single soul, knows any of this though, the only person I have ever told any of this too is dead now…my father. He died a year ago; he was in the hospital, dying, when he asked to have a private conversation with me. He told me that Mom was taking over council duties until I was 21 (I can start making important decisions and drinking, oddly convenient when you think about it) and that I needed to do well in school and take care of the family. He got misty eyed when he told me how disappointed he was that never got to see me shift for the first time and see me imprint on a girl and get married." "That was when I asked if I could tell him something…and once he said yes I started and found I couldn't stop, I had kept it in for so long…it was like someone turned on a faucet and forgot to turn it off. After I was finally done, he said nothing. He didn't look surprised, or angry, or anything…his face was simply still, his eyes watching. He finally spoke; his words have stayed with me since then. When he spoke his voice was nothing but a whisper, but filled with such anger and disgust I couldn't help but get shivers and cry." "Get out you disgusting boy." "Tears streamed down my cheeks, my worst fears had truly been realized." "Get out." "I just nodded and left the room, a minute later he lost his voice, 5 minutes later the feelings in his hands, ten minutes later his body shook and he died." "After he died, I still felt sadness, despite what had happened. I guess he thought I was coming out to him…far from it. From what I can tell, I have no sexual orientation really…no one, not a single person, truly attracts me in any way whatsoever…only Jacob, it was always only Jacob." "My feelings for Jacob, my father's last words to me, the acute fear of anyone discovering my secret, and the fear of becoming a werewolf (with the wolf telepathy thing, it'll be impossible to hide my feelings). All of these things contributed to my emotional breakdown." "The breakdown happened a week after dad died, it was something that had been generally building up, the dad thing had kind of pushed me to the breaking point. It had been a normal, sad, day. Mom was going through dads clothes, deciding what to keep and what things to give away…the memories were too strong for her and she needed things gone. Leah was in the living room reading a book. I had walked in, sad as usual when I saw a picture of dad and I, it had been taking a long time ago, I was 2 in the picture so I didn't really remember it, it was him and I sitting on the beach making a sand castle." "Something in me had just sorta…snapped" "I screamed at the top of my lungs, I fell to the ground and started punching the floor with everything I had, I heard snapping in my fist before Leah grabbed me from behind, saying something about calming down but I wasn't having it. The anger turned to red hot tears and I found myself sobbing uncontrollably, blood dribbled from my fists, my right one had already started to swell, I probably broke it." "Leah had screamed what was wrong, but the sadness was gone and I suddenly felt nothing, nothing at all. I didn't speak; the pain was oddly numb, nothing but a dull throb in my hand. Leah was shaking me but I didn't respond. They drove me to the hospital, by then I was sobbing uncontrollably again. By the time they got me into my room I was angry again, fighting against anyone who tried to touch me with unreal strength." "That was when Jake had shown up." "He walked in with my favorite T shirt and an old pair of jeans on, my favorite outfit on him. My heart ached at the sight of him, my whole body did, tears had streaked down my face at the sight of him and I fell down on my knees powerless, he caught me as I fell unconscious, he smelled like your typical teenager…to me he smelled like Jake." "When I had woken up, they had fixed up my hands and they had a psychiatrist look me over, to make sure I hadn't gone insane. After a bunch of useless test, I was found to possibly have depression and I wasn't quite bipolar, but was prone to bipolar fits of rage. They put me on some antidepressant bullshit, which really didn't do anything for me, I'm off it now." "Since then, I hadn't had another break; I had let it out though, so I was on empty then. It's like all the feelings had filled a jug and the jug was poured out, now that the jug is empty, I could go back to things being normal…but the jug would just keep filling and at some point I would have another 'bipolar fit'. " "I probably am depressed though, it got worse when Jacob turned 18 about 6 months ago and he turned into a wolf. He had become the new alpha, was filled with new responsibilities, and I didn't get to see him everyday like it normally was…it also didn't help that my sister turned, if she turned, everyone knew I would be next…and the minute I did, I would be connected to all of them…and everything in my head would be exposed. Like my mind is a closed book, and me transforming rips the lock off and opens the book for all to see." "Jacob would know, how would he react? Over the years he's made it clear he's 'straight'. Hell, to add salt to my wounded heart, he even dated my sister for about a fucking month. He tells me everything, so I know he is still a virgin, but the thought of anyone touching him before I could, made me want to hurl myself down a flight of stairs." "It didn't help that he still has feelings for Leah, who was the one that ended things in the first place because she still had feelings for Sam, who was with Emily…it's a mess." "But anyway, that's my life in a nutshell right now…it does feel nice to get it out I got to admit." "I…bet it does." Alice said, her eyes gleamed but I knew she wouldn't cry, vampires kind of…can't cry. I was at the Cullen house, the vampire/werewolf relationship is still kind of rocky, but thanks to the strong efforts of Carlisle Cullen and our council, led now by Billy, my mom Sue, Old Quil, and Sam, the leader of one of our packs. Sam and Jake had had a fight about leadership, so Jake split off and having Alpha blood, meant he could make his own Pack he could lead. His pack contained Leah, young Quil, Embry, me when I finally turn, and a couple other newbies. Sam has Paul, Jared, Collin, Brady, and a handful of others. The split had been tough at first, but the two stopped fight and sort of lead the packs together now…its going better than you'd think actually. But anyway, since the relationships with the Cullens and the Packs have gotten better, I've taken it upon myself to try to get to know the Cullens, which is how I met Alice, who quickly became a favorite person of mine. We've only been friends for about a month, but her charm worked wonders on me, she actually manages to make me smile and laugh…something that's hard to do nowadays. Unfortunately, one of the vampires, Edward, can read