Disclaimer: The world of Lord of the Rings does not belong to me, I'm only temporarily borrowing it. The OC and other future characters are mine though. Enjoy. Making a difference Chapter One Pre Lord of the Rings The sky was the pale egg blue of the stillness before dawn. A fine mist swirled around his ankles as he waded through the knee deep grass, obscuring the thick trunks of the great mellyrn trees till they were but blurred shapes. Aragon had his sword in his right hand and a torch in his left. By his side, his companion drew and notched an arrow in his long bow, ready for any danger. Cautiously, they crept forward. Suddenly, the mist before them parted to reveal the band of orcs they were tracking. Instantly, they sprung into action, twisting and slashing with their weapons, hacking their way in the mess. The band had traveled from the Misty Mountains, no one knows why, only that they kept coming and even though most of them died under the arrows of the Wardens of Lothlorien, they still kept coming. The outer edges of the Lothlorien had been emptied and most of the elves were inside the perimeter of the Golden city. Haldir and his wardens had their hands full just trying to push them beyond the river Nimrodel. Aragon was passing through the realm on one of his forages as a Ranger and stopped to help. Legolas was on a diplomatic trip from Mirkwood and was lending a helping hand too. Since they were both skilled warriors, they were placed on the western border of Lothlorien, facing the Misty Mountains. There was certainly no shortage of adventure. "Estel, watch out!" Legolas yelled, even as he beheaded an orc and sank his blade into another. Aragon ducked under a swinging sword aimed at his head and drove the hilt of his sword into the orcs neck. The orc went down without a sound. "Stop trying to confuse me, you confounding elf," Aragon grumbled. "You should be more grateful, mellon nin," Legolas replied in an amused voice. (my friend) "Grateful? What have I to be grateful for?" Aragon said, feigning puzzlement and grinning. Legolas was spared an answer as he stabbed another orc and ducking an ill-aimed arrow that took out the orc instead. Together, they dispatched the last few orcs and wiped their blades before sheathing them. Then mounting their mounts, they continued their patrol, arguing with the familiarity of old friends. The morning had just started. Haldir was waiting for them when they got back from their month long patrol. They dismounted and greeted Haldir with a friendly shoulder grip. "Mae govannen, Prince Legolas and Lord Estel. Glad I am to see you hale and healthy. Too much blood has been shed already. A few of our wardens have fallen defending the northern borders." Haldir said with a sad shake of his head. (well met) This was bad news and Legolas and Aragon's faces were grim. Elves seldom have children and with the darkness approaching, elflings were a rare sight indeed. The lost of fine warriors was a few too many. "Forgive me, you must be weary. Talans have been prepared." He added: "Legolas, there's a messenger for you. He is waiting in you quarters. It's from your father." When Legolas finally arrived at his talan, he found his long time friend, Adolphe waiting impatiently in a chair. He leaped to his feet at the sound of the door opening and placed a fist over his heart while bowing in traditional greeting of the Prince of Mirkwood. Then, Legolas stepped forward and pulled him into a friendly hug. "How are you faring, my friend? It's been a while. What did my father send you for?" "Your father was getting worried and sent me to check up on you, knowing your knack for getting into trouble." Adolphe said with a grin. "He worries too much, but this time he has hit the nail on the head. Orcs have been invading Lothlorien, however, it does not seem like they were here to kill and plunder, instead, they seem to be running away from something. Still, they have attacked the border guard and we can't risk orcs running free in Lothlorien. Haldir, the March warden, had ordered them to be killed or driven out, and since I just happened to be here, I couldn't sit here and do nothing, so I decided to have some fun." Legolas replied with a shrug. "Your account was most interesting; I wonder what your father would make of it." "Oh, he'll most probably moan about for a while and order me to help out, which is exactly what I'm doing anyway. You know how he is." Legolas said, yawning. "My apologies, you must be tired. May I take my leave?" "I'll see you tomorrow, Námarië Adolphe." (farewell) "Rest well, Legolas" After Adolphe had gone, Legolas took off his leather jerkin and boots before falling upon his bed and into the trace-like state of elfin dreams. Unknown to him, the door to his talan edged open noiselessly and a slim figure slipped in. The person picked up his soiled clothing and gently covered Legolas's weary body with a blanket. She stood there; just gazing at his face before departing just as silently as she had came in. She thought that Legolas wouldn't feel her presence, but she had underestimated the battle hardened warrior. Legolas sat up in bed after her footsteps had faded away. He looked at the closed door, a brooding graze in his eyes, yet a hint of a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. Jasmine sighed as she scrubbed at Legolas's shirt. So dirty, what did he do to it? Every time she managed to clean it, it would come back all muddy and sweaty again. Stopping washing for a moment, she inspected a long tear in the sleeve. Clucking her tongue, she made a mental note to mend it before giving it back to Legolas. After rinsing the last shirt, she gathered the rest of the linens to dry. Standing up, she felt her back pop and the pent up ache fading away. She was used to it; after all she was a maid and had spent her years learning about chores and the skill of keeping a house. Adopted into Caras Galadhon at a young age, it was all she knew and she did not mind the labor, especially since she was doing Prince Legolas chores on her own accord. "Hey Jasmine, are you done yet? You still have to do Lady Anieya's ball gown. Oh, and don't forget to tidy up Lord Celeborn's study," called Rosetta, a fellow maid. She was one of Jasmine's only friends due to her lowly status. Rosetta was not an elf, in fact, she was not human either, she was a changeling, which means that she was short, stout and full of energy. She was an excellent cook and often helped out in the kitchen, resulting in Jasmine doing most of her chores for her. Jasmine smiled. Rosetta reminded her of a round and fat pumpkin, always bustling here and there. She was vibrant with life and in a way she was like the mother Jasmine had always needed as she was growing up. "I'm almost done! Save me some supper will you? Lady Anieya wanted me to fill in as her handmaiden and serve her during tonight's midsummer festivals. She'll probably want me to stand by her side till the feast is over, then, I'm supposed to note her valuables while she gets invited to dances and such. You know, the usual." Jasmine replied with a shrug and a smile. "Lucky you, having a good time while poor me have to slave to feed an entire population of unsatisfied elves. How fair is that? And elves were supposed to be all perfect too!" Rosetta exclaimed indignantly. Jasmine just laughed and continued hanging out the washing. When she was done, she untied her apron and headed towards Lord Celeborn's study, a dust rag in one hand and a pail of water in another. It only took her an hour to finish cleaning Lord Celeborn's study. He was a very neat person and she only went there as a precaution and out of habit. Just as she was leaving, Lord Celeborn came strode in with a book under one arm and a plate of food in another. Jasmine stepped aside and curtseyed before picking up her pail. She was stopped by the sound of Celeborn's voice. "Are you going to the midsummer festival later?" "Yes milord," came the meek reply. "Good, my wife was asking about it just now, she seemed quite urgent about it." Celeborn said with a raised eyebrow, as if she would know why the Lady of Caras Galadhon would be interested in the affairs of a lowly maid. "Oh, thank you for your concern milord. If you'll excuse me I'll take my leave now." "You may go." On the way to her talan, Jasmine pondered over the same questions that had puzzled Lord Celeborn. Why would Lady Galadriel care about her, after all the only time she had talked to her all these years was when she was first brought into the city by the March Warden, Haldir. At that time, she had only been 20 years old, a young child by elfin standards. She was crying and terribly afraid, afraid that those nasty brutes that had killed her mother would come after her too, afraid to be alone; afraid of everything it seemed at that time. Lady Galadriel had taken her onto her lap and hugged her tight. It had been like having her mother back again. Slowly, she had stopped crying and settled into an exhausted sleep. Jasmine smiled at that memory. After that she had woke up with Rosetta and Rosetta had taken care of her all these years. That was the extend of interaction between Lady Galadriel and her, so what could she want? Jasmine shook her head and pushed the thought to the back of her mind. That was plenty to do and not enough time to do with them without worrying about such small things. Lady Galadriel would tell her when she needs to know. The feast has begun. Jasmine stood beside Lady Anieya as her lady in waiting, ready to serve her every need. Since, Jasmine did not have an appropriate gown, Lady Anieya had lend her a silky red gown that set off her golden tresses and matched Lady Anieya's own pale yellow dress. Jasmine looked at the fine spread on the table and signed. She would not be able to eat until late at night, after the dancing, but she knew that already when she took the job, so she couldn't really complain. The clearing where the feast was held was surrounded by tall apple trees and the apple blossoms scented the air in dizzy waves. Glowing lamps hung on the trees bathing the clearing with a pale white light that seemed to have a dream like quality. Music played softly in the background. Jasmine closed her eyes reveling in the peace and tranquility of the evening. She opened her eyes and let it stray to the high table where the Lord and the Lady as well as the more important figures were sitting including Haldir. Legolas was there, he was talking to a dark-haired young man, Aragon, if her memory was correct. Legolas was dressed from head to toe in silver. He looked every inch of his royal heritage with a thin silver band depicting his status. Jasmine studied his profile, admiring his noble features. She was distracted by Lady Anieya, who had asked for another glass of wine. The music changed and some of the tables were remove in favour of creating a dance floor in the middle of the clearing. Couples were already up, swaying