YEAR ONE Chapter 1- The Journey from Platform Nine and Three-quarters Disclaimer: the awesome world of Harry Potter belongs to JK Rowling and not me Author's note: Hello everyone- I'm back! It's been over 2 years since I last updated this story- I'm sorry for everyone I kept waiting but I'm back for real now! The first five chapters are still mostly the same with a few grammatical and minor plot errors fixed and chapter six is new. And this time around I've worked ahead so I can make sure to be able to update every 2-3 weeks even if my life gets busy. For those of you who are new to the story- welcome! This will encompass the first four years of Harry at Hogwarts (books 1-4) and I plan to continue this in part two which will be books 5-7 (but it will take a while). This fanfic is canon through the beginning of the Sorcerer's Stone EXCEPT that Harry never met Malfoy in the robe shop and therefore Hagrid never mentioned to Harry that Voldemort and co. were in Slytherin (Harry's ignorance of the Houses is important in my story). This first chapter actually doesn't contain any Slytherin action but don't worry the rest of the story will have an abundance of our green and silver friends (and enemies). And forewarning- there will be some Ron bashing in this story. I don't have anything against Ron but I don't think my version of Slytherin Harry and Ron would have got along and Ron plays an important role as childhood "antagonist" to Harry in this story. So sorry for the Ron fans out there. As for other non-Slytherin characters- don't worry Harry will have many friends not in his House. In fact, you'll meet two of them in this chapter. ENJOY! PREVIOUSLY FROM THE SORCORER'S STONE: "Well, there you are boy. Platform nine – platform ten. Your platform should be somewhere in the middle, but they don't seem to have built it yet, do they?" He was quite right, of course. There was a big plastic number nine over one platform and a big plastic number ten over the one next to it, and in the middle, nothing at all. " Have a good term," said Uncle Vernon with an even nastier smile. He left without another word. Harry turned and saw the Dursleys drive away. All three of them were laughing. Harry's mouth went rather dry. What on earth was he going to do? He was starting to attract a lot of funny looks, because of Hedwig. He'd have to ask someone. And ask Harry did. Unfortunately, no one had ever heard of platform nine and three-quarters or of any train called the Hogwarts Express. When a helpful man asked Harry what country his destination was, Harry realized he didn't even know where Hogwarts was— it could be in Siberia for all Harry knew. Starting to feel panicked, Harry paused a second to get himself together. He realized how odd he must have looked, a skinny kid dressed in baggy clothes standing alone with a huge trunk and a snowy owl, of all things. Of course, it was that moment that Harry realized he didn't have any normal money, only his wizarding money from Gringotts, so he was well and truly stranded. He supposed he could always try to contact Hagrid using Hedwig— only he had never actually sent mail by owl before. Realizing he had to do something, Harry turned around and stepped purposely back into the throng, determined to find someone who knew where his platform was—Harry didn't see the large boy awkwardly stumbling towards him until it was too late. — CRASH— All of a sudden, Harry found himself sprawled across the floor with a rather wide, unfamiliar body on top of him. As Harry tried to reorient himself, he heard a voice, seeming to belong to the person currently on top of him, shout excitedly, "Trevor!" Harry heard another voice, sounding like that of an elderly woman, somewhere off to his left. "Oh look what you've done now you foolish boy!" scolded the voice. Suddenly, Harry felt the boy being lifted off him, allowing him a view of his accidental attacker. The boy appeared to be about Harry's age with a rather heavyset body, very round face, wide blue eyes and rather large front teeth. He appeared to be clutching a toad and his entire face was slowly turning the color of a tomato. Clutching his shoulder was a rather severe looking elderly woman, wearing a very large hat with what appeared to be a stuffed pheasant on top and clutching some kind of huge, scaled handbag. "I - I – I'm s-sss-so sor- rr-ry, " the boy stammered quickly. "I di-didn't see y-you there." The boy then leaned down and offered Harry a hand, helping pull him, rather clumsily, to his feet. "It's alright" Harry assured him. "It's really crowded in here and I honestly wasn't paying attention." "Yes, yes it's absolutely packed with Muggles, as always," the elderly woman murmured. "You'll have to excuse my grandson he is really quite clumsy at times but he means well." Harry's heart leapt. She had said Muggles— maybe she and her grandson were here for the Hogwarts Express and could help him! "I'm sorry did you say muggles?" Harry asked quickly. "What? No you must have misheard me dear—" the woman muttered distractedly. Before she could drag her grandson back into the throng, Harry lightly grabbed her coat sleeve. "No you misunderstood me. I'm looking for the Hogwarts Express but I can't find it and was hoping you might be able to help me" Harry interrupted quickly, finishing with a hopeful smile. The elderly witch stopped and gazed at Harry intently for a few seconds. "What's your name dear?" she asked kindly, with a knowing look in her eye. "Harry Potter" The boy gasped loudly. "Wow you're really Harry Potter? Th-That's fantastic!" He exclaimed with a shy smiled, jerking upright suddenly and almost losing his grip on his toad. "My name is Augusta Longbottom and this is my grandson Neville, a first year like yourself. I knew your parents through my son, Frank, and was truly sorry to hear of their fate. You did the wizarding world a real favor Mr. Potter and it would be our pleasure to help you," the elderly witch declared. "Wouldn't it Neville?" "Yes, of course!" Neville quickly agreed with his grandmother, bobbing his head up and down and offering Harry a large but slightly nervous smile. "Thanks, that'd be great" Harry stated. Harry then grabbed his trolley with his trunk and Hedwig and proceeded to follow Mrs. Longbottom and her grandson towards the barrier between platforms nine and ten. The elderly Longbottom stopped suddenly and addressed Harry. "To get to platform nine and three quarters you have to simply walk straight at the barrier between platforms nine and ten. It's understandable if you're nervous. Why don't you and Neville go through together since it's his first time as well?" At first Harry thought he misheard— surly she didn't mean for him to walk headlong into a wall? But then Harry saw Neville's brief look of panic which quickly softened into resolve and the other boy offered Harry a questioning look. "Sure, sounds good to me" Harry said. At least if he ended up making a fool of himself by crashing his trolley into a wall, Neville would be in the same boat. "On the count of three?" Harry asked the other boy. Neville nodded. "One . . . two . . . three!" Harry plucked up his courage and pushed his trolley towards the barrier, maintaining a fast walk. Neville followed a few seconds later, almost tripping over his trolley in his haste to not be left behind. Harry could not help but flinch as he came up to the barrier, expecting to be repelled any minute. "It's all right Harry!" Neville's excited voice echoed to his left. "You can open your eyes now! We found the train and we didn't die!" "Of course you didn't die" scolded Mrs. Longbottom. "Don't be overly dramatic Neville, it's not becoming." Flushing, Neville nodded quickly. Meanwhile, Harry couldn't believe his eyes. A large scarlet steam engine stood gleaming on the tracks. Various students and their families bustled about hauling trunks, owls in cages, a few holding brooms. Students bunched in groups, catching up after the summer holiday. Harry followed Neville and his grandmother as they searched for an empty train car. They found one near of the end of the train. Neville stopped to give his grandmother a hug. She wished him and Harry a good year at Hogwarts. Harry waited by the door to the train car as Neville's grandmother bombarded him with some last minute advice, and then with a cheery wave, she was off. Neville walked over to Harry. "Well we should probably find a seat, I mean not that we have to sit together, unless you want to, I mean-" "That'd be great," Harry interrupted Neville's rushed words and offered the other boy a smile. Neville followed Harry as they looked for an empty compartment. Towards the end of the train car, they came upon a compartment with only one occupant. A girl that appeared to be their age with extremely bushy brown hair had taken the seat closet to the window and appeared to be engrossed in a very large book. Harry looked at Neville questioningly, who shrugged back. Sliding open the door, Harry stepped in and cleared his throat. "Um, excuse me, would you mind if we joined you?" Harry asked politely. The girl looked up quickly, startled out of her book, which Harry now recognized as one of their schoolbooks, The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) . Upon seeing them, she quickly stood up, straightening her school robes she walked purposely towards them and offered her hand. "Of course not, please have a seat. My name is Hermione Granger and it's a pleasure to meet you," she declared as she firmly shook first Harry, then Neville's hands. Harry was strongly reminded of the top student in his grade and who was also class president—Hermione Granger gave off a very intense vibe. "And who are you?" "Neville Longbottom," Neville answered quietly, he seemed a bit intimidated by Hermione. "I'm Harry Potter." "Holy cricket, you're Harry Potter! I've read about you," Hermione exclaimed excitedly. "You have?" said Harry, surprised and a little unnerved that he was in a book. "Oh yes!" Hermione replied enthusiastically. "You're in Modern Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and Great Wizarding Events of the Twenty-first Century ." "Really?" replied Harry. Feeling a bit overwhelmed, Harry quickly took a seat opposite Hermione, Neville choosing to sit beside him. "Well you are rather famous aren't you? I mean, of course there are books on you. Why are you so surprised?" Hermione asked, seeming genuinely confused. "Um, I was raised by my Aunt and Uncle and they don't know about magic. They're Muggles so I didn't even know I was famous or that magic was real until I got my letter," Harry admitted. "Really? That makes sense. I grew up with Muggles too. I mean my parents are Muggles, dentists actually. I was really worried I'd be behind so I've been reading every book I could get my hands on, after I read all of our school books first, of course," Hermione explained. "What about you Neville, did you grow up in the wizarding world?" "Yeah. I grew up with my Gran and she's a witch. My Great Aunt and Uncle and other family all are too as far as I know." Neville answered. "Wow! That must have been interesting. I have so many questions . . . "and Hermione certainly wasn't exaggerating, she did have a lot of questions. She interrogated Neville about everything from how wizarding