Claustrophobia (A Percy Jackson Oneshot) Beep beep, beep beep. Percy groaned, shifting in his bed. What was going on? And why the Hades won't that annoying sound turn off? Beep beep, beep beep. Percy turned away from the nuisance, placing his pillow over his head; but unsurprisingly to no avail, the makeshift barrier did little against the alarm that was on the brink of driving him insane. He brought a hand over to where a device was standing innocently on his nightstand and slammed the button on the object. The sound turned off, thank the gods. Beep beep, beep beep. Percy sighed and fell back asleep. Five minutes later, the sound returned. Frustrated, Percy sat up in his bed and glared at the object that was at the fault for waking him up. It was then that Percy realized what he had pressed. He pressed the "snooze" button. Percy turned the alarm off and sighed, running a hand through his messy hair trying to remember his dream. It was fuzzy, but he was pretty sure that it wasn't a nightmare this time around. He thought that he should at least get some quiet dreams every now and then. Just then, there was someone knocking on his door. "Percy," his mom called out. "You awake?" "Yeah, Mom." Percy replied, laying back own in his bed and closing his eyes. "Okay," his mother answered. "Just making sure that you were up. Don't want to miss your meet today." Percy's eyes snapped open. The meet? What meet? "You know, the swim meet," his mom explained, as if she read his thoughts. "The one where you and your team compete against other schools to see who swims faster." Percy's eyes widen at that. Oh crap, he totally forgot about the swim meet today! "I'm up." Percy jumped out of his bed and began searching for his stuff that he needed for today. "There's breakfast downstairs when you're ready." Even with her standing behind the door, Percy could just hear the smile in his mother's voice. Percy already found his goggles, his swim cap, and his towel. But where the Hades were his swim trunks? "Your trunks are downstairs in the living room, on the couch." His mother said, as her footsteps began to walk away. Percy gave a sheepish smile, knowing his mother couldn't see it. "Thanks, Mom." He grabbed the rest of his stuff, shoving it into his backpack, and headed downstairs for breakfast. Percy entered the kitchen and sat down by the plate of blue waffles that were waiting on the table. He began to eat somewhat like a normal person until he saw what time it was, then started to stuff his face with them. It was 6:45. He was supposed to be at the school by 7:00. Well, crap. At least the meet is at Goode , Percy thought to himself, trying to see some hope in this situation. And not at someplace that's two hours away, like Lincoln. But Percy's stomach was turning into mush. He couldn't believe he agreed to do this. "So, Percy," his mother began, putting up the dishes. "Are you ready?" Percy briefly glanced up from his blue waffles then back down to eat again. "Yeah." He tried to sound convincing, but his voice faltered, making him sound…smaller is a word that comes to mind. His mother turned away, frowning at him. Apparently, she heard the quiet distressed in his answer. "What's wrong, honey?" Percy looked up at her and gave her a forced smile. "Nothing's wrong, Mom. I promise." His mom seemed like she wanted to protest, but before she could open her mouth the clock chimed. 7:00. Saved by the bell , Percy thought. "Time for me to go." Percy got up from his seat to place his plate in the sink. Percy stopped by the living room to pick up his trunks and shoved them into his pack with the rest of his stuff and headed for the door. "Paul and I will be there at 8," his mom called out to him when Percy was at the door. "Have fun!" "Okay, Mom." Percy replied, shutting the door. "Hopefully," he muttered, turning around and headed to Goode High School. When the Seven returned from their quest, it took a while to settle back into their normal routines. When the new school year came around, Percy had gone back to Goode, along with most of his friends. Percy had seen Paul standing outside his classroom, waiting for him. Paul had handed him a flyer for the Goode swim team and try-outs were going on throughout the week after school. "Sally and I thought that it might be good for you," Paul had explained. "Especially after…you know." Percy had the hardest time adjusting than the rest of the Seven. Everything that happened in Tartarus and the Battle of the Giants (the Giants' War, whichever. Percy doesn't really care what they named it, they still fought with giants.), Percy never gave himself time to grief over his losses. He always found something to do, whether it be at camp helping the new heroes or at school where he focused on his human side of life. He couldn't bring himself to grieve. He had to remain strong for his friends and family. Percy shook his head, clearing his thoughts. He can't think about the past right now. He needed to be focused for the meet. Today was the first swim tournament that Goode ever went to in ten years. Percy needed to concentrate on beating the other teams. Percy entered the natatorium that was beside the high school and went to his locker. He opened it up and shoved his backpack in there, taking out his goggles, cap, and towel. He closed it and went to change into his trunks, then walked out to the pool. At the pool, there were other teams getting ready for the meet. Some of them were diving off the board, others were doing laps in the practice pool or stretching. Percy's team were in the middle of stretching as he made his way over to them. There were twelve of them in all, including Percy. Six boys and six girls. Percy joined his team, stretching out his arms and legs, standing beside two of the boys and one girl. "Oh, would you look at that!" One of the boys, a tall, lanky African American teen, struck up a conversation with him. "Decided to finally show up, huh Percy?" Percy grinned. "At least I showed up before the meet started, Isaiah." Isaiah laughed. "Yeah, cause if you didn't, we'd be dead." Isaiah was about Percy's age and his height. He had short black hair and brown eyes that lit up every time the kid smiled. He had the body for swimming and he was fairly good at it too. He and Percy were tied for the best swimmer in Goode High School. "Hey Percy!" Another boy, a skinny kid with crazy red hair and light green eyes, called out. "Are you ready to beat some Sharks?" The Sharks were one of the teams that the Goode Stingrays were up against. The kids on the Sharks were quite competitive and annoying as Hades, thinking that they were better than everyone else. You know, just your typical everyday people that you read in books or see on tv. "Oh, don't worry, Peter!" Percy replied back. "They won't even know what hit them." Peter gave Percy a goofy grin in reply, as he stretched out his calf muscles. Peter was a nice kid, but whatever you do, don't talk about conspiracy theories around him. He'll go on and on about it. Percy learned that the hard way. "I think Percy has good chance of beating the Sharks," a small, pale, red-headed girl with green eyes, Caitlyn, said. "Especially that jerk, Jack Simmons." Jack Simmons was pretty much the VIP for the Sharks. He was actually a pretty good kid when he's not competing, but during the swimming season, Jack is quite the competition. He could either be a sore loser or a sore winner, depending on the results. "Alright, kids. Gather 'round!" Coach Hardy yelled out five minutes later. The twelve kids went over to the coach, ready to hear his meet speech. Hardy was a lean, mean, fighting machine. At least, that's how he put it. Coach was a well-built man, with curly brunette hair and beady hazel eyes, but don't let the angry look fool you. Underneath all of that, Coach is just a big old giant teddy bear. "Everyone here?" Hardy called. There were instant replies to the question. "Great," Hardy continued. "Now listen up, Stingrays, this is how it's going down: we have three teamed relay races, six teamed medleys, twelve individuals, and twelve medleys. With all of us pushing as hard as we can, and Jackson on our side, we will advance to the next level." There were cheers at that. Percy gave a small smile, not wanting to let the team down. But there was a small part of him that was apprehensive about the meet. Ever since the muskeg fiasco in Alaska and then the giant fish bowl with Phorcys and his sister Keto at the Georgia Aquarium, Percy's claustrophobia had risen to great heights. He couldn't go a few minutes without wanting to get out of the room and get some fresh air. Thankfully, Annabeth and his mother had talked to him about his fear and Percy was determined not to let some stupid fear of his get the best of him. He was the son of Poseidon, for Olympus' sakes! If need be, Percy could just breathe underwater while he was competing. The meet didn't start until eight fifteen, which meant that Percy had about thirty minutes before he had to be prepared for his first event. He peered up at the stands to see if any one of his friends had showed up yet-and they did. His friends were sitting near the top of the bleachers, talking to one another. Annabeth was sitting between Hazel and Piper; Frank and Jason next to their girlfriends; Nico, Will, and Leo were sitting below them. Percy was quite surprised to see the son of Hades here at the meet. He didn't usually come to school sponsored events. Or anything, really. Will must have persuaded him to come . Percy smiled at the thought of the son of Apollo forcing the son of Hades to come and support his cousin. Will can be quite manipulative to Nico after the war was finished. But that's another story. Don't ask about it. Seriously, don't. Hazel was the first to spot him walking over to the group. She smiled and waved at him before nudging Annabeth and pointed to Percy. Percy waved once Annabeth had seen him, his girlfriend getting up and coming towards him. Soon, the others saw him and made their way to him. When Annabeth got to Percy, she embraced him before giving him a swift kiss. "How's my favorite Seaweed Brain today?" "I'm your only Seaweed Brain, Wise Girl." Percy chuckled. He nodded to the others. "Hey, guys." "Oh, I see how it is," Leo complained. "You get to hug and kiss Annabeth, but all we get is a "Hey guys'?" "I mean, if you want a kiss, Leo," Percy grinned. "All you have to do is ask." Annabeth slapped his arm, but when Percy looked down at her, she was smiling. It's been awhile since he's seen his girl smile like that. The rest of his friends laughed at Leo's fanatics. "What would Calypso think, Leo?" Piper asked, grinning in return. "I think she would slap him upside the head." Frank smiled. "No, she wouldn't!" Leo protested. "Man, Frank stole my answer!" Jason replied, still chuckling. "I was going to say that she would punch him." "Why are guys making her out to be violent with