Chapter One Pansy Someone was knocking on her door again, an urgent rapping that grated her nerves. "Pansy, hurry it up , she'll be here any minute!" It was her mother's nasally voice, the sound making her cringe so early in the morning. There was another exclamation from outside the bathroom door and Pansy rolled her eyes, trying to finish her makeup. "Pansy, you've not even put on your dress yet!" "Maybe I would go a bit faster if you stopped knocking every three fucking minutes," Pansy snapped, coating her lashes with a third swipe of mascara. "Watch your mouth!" her mother said through the door. "You know who is coming over, you can't talk like that in front of her." "I know , Mum," she said, wrenching open the door to her bathroom to see her mother standing in pristine condition. Clothes pressed, dark hair curled, not a smudge of makeup out of place. How she made it seem so effortless, Pansy would never know. "I am the one who invited her," she continued. "Is Peter even awake yet? Go bother him." With an irritated scowl, Mrs. Parkinson left her daughter to go check in on her son. Pansy was free for another five minutes and she took the opportunity to shut and lock her bedroom door. Right. Time for the dress. Pansy crossed over to her bed and pulled down one of two dresses, this one a pastel sundress. Flinging her pajamas to the floor, she prodded herself to stay awake while she dressed. Things had been hectic that morning, with the paper coming and all. The comfy bed was calling her name, but she turned her back to it and went for the door, pausing at her side table to give a gentle stroke to Lizzie, an affectionate look on her face. Lizzie was Pansy's Venomous Tentacula plant that she'd kept since second year because her mother wouldn't allow a cat in the house. Apparently highly dangerous plant life is more appropriate for a child than a kitten. But, then, Herbology was the only thing Pansy excelled at - not that she would dare mention it out loud. In all other classes she struggled, but for some reason had taken to Herbology at a young age, which she kept secret in fear of being made fun of like Longbottom. She rolled her eyes and scoffed with all the other students when assignments were given, but had never once received less than an Outstanding for any project. In fact, Pansy excelled so well at Herbology that she'd been allowed to test-out of O.W.L.'s at the end of last year and, as a fifth year, would be taking N.E.W.T. level Herbology. Pansy hadn't wanted to do it because then everyone would know she was good at Herbology if she was in class with seventh years, but her mother had forced her to. Only she and Longbottom took the test for Herbology out of their entire class, though she wasn't sure how he did as they received their scores over summer. Granger was the only other student tested, but she was pursuing other courses. With a sigh, she held one of Lizzie's leaves between her fingers and gave a soft, reassuring rub. The plant hadn't liked her at first, wrapping her vines around Pansy's wrists and ankles, but Lizzie had warmed to her and grew to love Pansy in return. Lizzie gave a soft purr and wrapped a gentle vine around Pansy's finger. "I'll be back a little later," she whispered to the plant, untwining herself from Lizzie's grasp and making her way down the stairs after spritzing herself with perfume. There was a spread laid out on the table - sweet cakes, french toast, apples, food galore. It was an absolutely ridiculous measure that her mother thought necessary, but Pansy knew the four of them would never eat all that and their guests would probably just nibble. When Peter, still drowsy, reached for a bit of toast, their mother smacked his hand away. "It's not for eating," she chided. "It's for looks." Like most of their possessions. Meant to be seen, not enjoyed. "I'm hungry," he grumbled, running a hand through his gelled hair and mucking it up. "Nice one, you twat," Pansy teased, taking a seat across from him while their mother fretted, trying to flatten his hair that was now standing up. "I hate life," he grunted, swatting his mother's hand away and fixing it himself. "Why?" Pansy said, flashing her brother a devilish smirk. "Because you're in your early twenties and still live at home with Mummy and Daddy?" "Fuck off, Pans," he muttered, putting his hands down, though one lone hair still stood. "What did I ever do to deserve you children," their mother said in a worried tone, pouring herself a cup of tea. Both siblings didn't miss the fact that she tipped something else into the cup for her nerves. They shared a look - it was a bit early for the liquor, but it didn't surprise either of them. "Right, I'm off to work," their father said, entering the kitchen while straightening his tie. Pansy laid her forehead on the table, stomach growling as she caught a whiff of the french toast. Not today. She didn't want to be bloated for the party later. "You can't!" her mother squawked. "Today is the day The Daily Prophet comes. She'll be here any minute!" "Merlin's fucking beard," Mr. Parkinson growled, throwing his hands in the air. "I've got a meeting in a half hour!" "Postpone it," the woman said, her dark curls trembling as much as her voice. Another few drinks from her cup would even her out, Pansy knew that much. The two argued for a few minutes, their children sitting quiet, before Mr. Parkinson left the room in a huff to go Floo the Ministry and tell them he'd be late. "Here she comes," said Peter, glancing out the kitchen window. Pansy looked to see the familiar blonde woman bustling up the long walkway. Their mother drained her cup. "Patrick, she's here," Mrs. Parkinson yelled. A few seconds later, he bustled in, straightening his tie again. His wife nearly shrieked, frantic hands rushing to dust away the ash and soot on the shoulder of his robes. Just in time, too - there was a sharp knock on the door. In an instant, the four of them shot up, pushing their shoulders back to correct their posture and tilting their chins up in some faux sense of pride. When their mother answered the door and the woman walked in, photographer in tow, the Parkinson's smiles gleamed brighter than the rising sun. "I'm glad you invited me," Rita Skeeter said to Pansy, then to no one in particular, "My, what a lovely home you have!" Their house wasn't usually this clean. You could practically sunbathe off the sparkles reflecting from the white tile floor. "Thank you," their mother said, smile as bright as ever. "We're glad you agreed to come, so we can put this silly mess to rest." Pansy watched Skeeter's eyes, how they glimmered with disbelief, thinly veiled behind some false kindness. The woman was a rat, sniffing out the biggest chunk of cheese. No one mentioned that Skeeter had been the one to cover Mr. Parkinson's high-profile affair that almost ruined the family name. "Right," said the blonde woman, pushing her glasses up farther on her nose. "Let's get started, shall we?" The Parkinson's waited for their guests to sit before returning to their seats. "Please-," their mother said, "- have a bite to eat." Skeeter didn't act like she'd heard, but the slouching photographer grabbed a sweet cake in his grubby hand. Obviously, he didn't understand how these things worked - the food was just a display of hospitality, you weren't supposed to stuff it in your mouth , as he was doing. Only nibble, if that. The thought of nibbling made Pansy's stomach growl. The four family members sat with their smiles flashed while Skeeter pulled out several sheets of parchment and a Quick-Quotes Quill, the photographer reaching for another sweet cake. "Testing," Rita said, the balanced quill scribbling a word onto the parchment. It seemed to be working and the woman scooted her chair to the table with such a force that her over-sprayed curls gave a bounce. "This is Rita Skeeter reporting for The Daily Prophet. Today we're setting the story straight on Ministry official Patrick Parkinson and his publicized affair with Rymea Fudge, young daughter of Minister Cornelius Fudge and, until recently, intern in the Department of Magical Education where Parkinson acts as Department Head." The woman paused, sucking in a long breath from the lengthy sentence she'd just spoken. Each of the Parkinson's continued to smile through this humiliating display. "Today I'm joined by Patrick Parkinson, his wife Pandora, his devilishly handsome son Peter, and their charming daughter Pansy, who I had the pleasure of growing close with last year at Hogwarts, when I exclusively covered the Triwizard Tournament." Grew close with. Pansy had to stop herself from rolling her eyes. Skeeter had paid her and a few others off to be "sources" and make up whatever they wanted about the Triwizard champions and their love lives. True, it had been entertaining to have that much power, especially when Potter was such an annoying git, but she hardly considered herself close to Skeeter. Merlin, the interview dragged on and on, each passing minute making Pansy's stomach growl a little louder. 'Not today,' she urged her body, thinking of the tight dress she'd have to squeeze in for the party and how this would be the first time Graham saw her all summer. That thought made her stomach squirm, though not in the way a girl's should when she thought of her boyfriend. It was more in dread than excitement. "And what about you, Pansy?" Rita finally asked, turning her attention to the youngest of the Parkinson family. "What do you think of all this? Do you think your father betrayed your family? Or was it all a misunderstanding?" Pansy's face was beginning to ache from smiling, though she continued to do so through the awkward questions. Skeeter had been frank ever since the first time Pansy met her and, though she bordered on rude, part of the girl admired the woman's gumption. "The entire thing has been a ridiculous misunderstanding," she said, unafraid to make eye contact with the journalist. "My father would never hurt us," she continued. "And just look at my Mum, why would he ever need to find another woman?" Both Rita and her mother cooed while all three men looked away in discomfort. "And what are your plans now, Pansy? We haven't spoken since last school year." Just as Pansy was opening her mouth to speak, Mrs. Parkinson stole the spotlight. "Our daughter was chosen to be Slytherin prefect this year, along with Draco, the son of our family friends, the Malfoy's. Pansy's boyfriend, Graham Montague, is going to be Head Boy this year." 'Yes, Mother, why don't you name drop a little more, I don't think the gnomes outside heard you.' Rita's eyes gleamed, buying right into it. Malfoy and Montague were both prominent names, alongside Parkinson, within the Ministry. Pansy could see the wheels turning in Skeeter's head, wondering how she could work this into her story. "This must be very exciting for you all. I'm sure the three of you will be a very successful team!" she said. Pansy only smiled, offering nothing in reply. Prefects and Head Boy had nothing to do with being successful - it was their names that would take them far in life. "We're having a party tonight to celebrate," said Mrs. Parkinson, eyes alight. "Oh, I'd love to get a picture of the three of them for the paper," Rita said, taking the bait like some starving fish. Pansy knew it wasn't