Disclaimer: I own absolutely nothing in the Harry Potter franchise. This is for the personal enjoyment of myself and others. Olive Westin is my creation, but I acknowledge that I have no rights to her whatsoever as long as she stays in the Harry Potter universe. AN: I do not, under any circumstances, condone the behavior of this story. There is a definite line between fiction and reality. If you ever feel you are being mentally, physically, or emotionally abused, reach out to someone. This story includes: rape/non-con, extreme instances of violence, self-harm, alienation, manipulation, and behavior modification. It is explicit. - DC EDITED: 08/17/2015 Chapter One The girl held her breath as Scabior entered the tent. Though, to him and the rest of the Snatchers, Olive wasn't a girl at all - she was Xavier Booke, one half of the infamous Booke Twins that haunted muggleborns on the run. The longer they thought she was the middle-aged Snatcher, the better her chances. She was a rarity, as Professor Dumbledore had once put it. Her mother had hated her since the day she'd been born. In her first pictures taken at the muggle hospital, a tuft of bright pink hair was clearly visible - everything about her befuddling the doctors. Olive had been told her mother left when she was barely six weeks old and remarried, having a second child later who didn't know she existed. She wanted nothing to do with the unusual. Her father, on the other hand, thought she was the most amazing gift he'd ever been given. The muggle magic he used to be so fond of only paled in comparison to his colorful daughter. He thought she was the most special little girl in the whole world. Olive did not always feel the same. It was difficult for her to control her appearance when she was a child and so she wasn't able to go out in public very often. Her father was scared someone would take her to make money or run experiments, even though no amount of research he did ever amounted to anything. There simply was nothing like Olive recorded and he wasn't about to let them steal her away. Homeschooling only further alienated her from children her own age and she began to grow jealous and resentful of other kids, who got to play outside at the park across the street. Day after day was occupied with her dolls and, later, her books. "Your magic is beautiful," he told her once, sitting her down on her creaky bed for a much needed talk, "But, you can't show anyone you don't trust." Olive did not believe it was magic. She did not believe it was beautiful. She was a freak and nothing more. She was eleven and a half when she received her letter from Hogwarts. A tall, strange man in a funny cloak had delivered it to her since she was muggleborn, as they called it. Olive was sure it was a cruel joke until he suddenly disappeared and re-appeared in the room with two load cracks. This, she learned, was called apparating - and she would become quite skilled at it in her later years. It was on this first meeting when Dumbledore explained that Olive was a rarity. Muggles could birth a witch or wizard, but it was nearly unheard of to have a child who was a metamorphmagus. Not that it hadn't happened before, he'd assured Olive - who was afraid she would be outcast even in the wizarding world. Her father was filled with even more excitement than she. When they were escorted to Diagon Alley later that month, his wide eyes scanned everything possible, grin plastered for days afterward. Olive had only peeked up a few times during their trip. At one point she bumped into a blonde boy about her age and knocked everything out of her arms, apologizing profusely while trying to gather her things from the ground. When he bent to help her, Olive's head and hair turned a bright pink and he gaped at her, while his father clacked his cane impatiently for him to hurry. Mortified, she hardly looked away from her feet after that. Twenty-nine days before her twelfth birthday, Olive was sorted into Ravenclaw. She was a hat stall, the decision taking almost a full five minutes. Her skin grew from pale to red as she waited, feeling all eyes in the room on her. Even the blonde boy from Diagon Alley, who was sorted ahead of her and sat over at the green table now, watched with a smirk. The Sorting Hat had told her she was too unfriendly toward others for Hufflepuff and she wasn't near brave enough for Gryffindor. It came down to Ravenclaw and Slytherin, which she thought were the green and blue tables. Maybe she ought to have read into the school history a bit more. In that moment, embarrassed now that the blonde boy and his friends began to giggle at her for taking so long, she begged the hat for the blue table and that was what it gave her. Those things didn't matter anymore. In the midst of this war, it made no difference what house a muggleborn had been in. They were all just as guilty for existing. Scabior muttered under his breath about lazy good-for-nothings. He hated to see his men lying about. Olive had been laying there on Xavier's bed thinking about many things. She wondered if Potter, Granger, and Weasley had gone back to Hogwarts. Surely, they were on the run and she hoped they weren't skirting under the enemy as she had been doing the past few months. She wondered if Draco Malfoy chose to be a Death Eater or if it was thrust upon him. Olive had fancied him for a while in Hogwarts, but after learning how the wizarding world worked, she knew she never stood a chance. Even if she always did catch him watching her from the corner of his eye as she entertained her few friends by changing her nose or hair. But, she wondered most if she would avenge her father's death. "Take guard, I need sleep," Scabior ordered, his dark hair pulled back into a disheveled ponytail, exposing his tired and unshaven face. Olive nodded in her manly guise and stood from the bed, walking past him with a quick step as he took a deep sniff into the air. She closed her eyes. "Well, what'er you waitin' for?" he demanded, though there was an accusing tone to his voice that sent shivers down her spine. Olive gave a quick shake to her head and left the tent before he decided to get angry. It was too difficult to hold in her feminine screams when he Crucio'd . Scabior was one of the Ministry's best Snatchers due to his unmatchable tracking skills. As an experiment, he'd been released from Azkaban only after Greyback had marred his back with a twisted scratch. He had beyond perfect hearing, cat-like vision, and a keen sense of smell, which followed Olive around like the plague. Scabior thought it was odd that an old man like Booke smelled of honeysuckle. Sometimes, after days of hard work, the smell would disappear. On his off nights, Booke would go out for a while, muttering about some pub, and return with a crack and that wonderful smell. It reminded him of her. It reminded him of the embarrassment she'd caused him. It reminded him that she was the only one to escape. Olive was glad the men she snatched with were always assuming things. "Never assume -," her father used to say with a laugh, "- or you'll make an ASS out of U and ME !" They all assumed Xavier was heading out to some pub for drinks, but Olive was simply sneaking off to the closest river, pond, ocean, whatever for a well-needed bath. She couldn't help it that she smelled like honeysuckle or that the vile man was attracted to the sickly sweet scent. If he thought Booke was going out at night and sleeping around with some woman that smelled like her, that kept her in the clear. The longer he thought it, the better. As she walked the perimeter, she began wondering again on that last thought. Would she ever avenge her father's death? She'd had plenty of chances to do it, but they all seemed too risky at the time. She knew - weeks before any Snatchers turned up in her father's home - that she wouldn't be returning to Hogwarts for her final year of schooling. Olive had informed her father about the struggles of the wizarding war and both agreed that it was safest to not return. Unsure of what action to take, she would sit at her bedroom window day-by-day to watch for unwelcome visitors, despite her father's wishes to run. To ease his mind, she agreed to pack a bag at the beginning of summer, so they were ready at a moment's notice. One night, she'd fallen asleep with the window open and awoke the next morning to men laughing across the street at the park. Five men, all dressed in ratty clothes, sat around a small picnic table. There was another who stood out. He was sitting alone on one of the swings, kicking himself forward and back every now and then. He wore muted plaid trousers, colorful compared to the drab attire of his mates. While the others sat and talked, he only said the occasional word, his eyes never once leaving Olive's bedroom window. She was alarmed, peeking out from the very edge of the window sill, but they made no sudden movements. If they saw her, they gave no indication. She looked right at the strange man by himself and he seemed to be looking back, though he just kept kicking the swing like nothing was amiss. When he reached into his coat, she froze solid, but he pulled out a cigarette and not his wand. Maybe they weren't even wizards. Maybe she was being too paranoid again. "But, why would six grown men be sitting in a playground?" she muttered to herself. The plaid man was still staring at her, his friends forgotten, and said something that she couldn't hear as if answering her. A chill snaked up her spine. After another half hour of crouching around the edge of the window, her legs began to cramp and she ducked back behind the wall to stretch out. They were either weird muggle men or Snatchers. Weird muggle men would pass on eventually, Snatchers would stake out until they had the cover of night. It was only early afternoon - that gave Olive a few hours to figure a way out in case they were Snatchers. She couldn't apparate well enough to take her father with her, but if it came down to that, she would risk splinching. She couldn't think, her head was beginning to pound against her eyes. Panic was creeping up on her and she drew a long breath. What could she do? If she told her father now, he would panic and flutter around the house grabbing things, drawing attention. In the back of her closet sat her bag, packed with clothing and the essentials. She knew her father kept a bag in the back of his closet also. Outside, she heard the men laugh again and she began rubbing a red spot into her forehead, trying to think. An idea struck her and her eyes shot to her alarm clock - they'd have just over an hour. There was a daycare down the street and the morning session would be ending soon. If they could head out to her dad's car in the confusion of parents and toddlers everywhere, they may be able to get out. Not that the Snatchers wouldn't see them, but they wouldn't dare make