Just so you know, this used to be posted on my friend flYegurl's profile, but it's always been mine. I've finally been released from FF banishment, so now I can take this one off her hands. Hope you enjoy! Finnick Odair wasn't like them. The kids in his district that got off on violence and bloodlust, adrenaline junkies that lived for every training session, every reaping. If the sessions weren't mandatory to attend, he would blow them off entirely, if only to feel the warm sand between his toes and the salty seawater lapping at his skin. Home. The sea was his home. His future was simple in those days. Inherit his father's humble business, fishing for the Capitol, living out his years in the ocean that he loved. He would marry, have children, and raise them on the same sandy shores where he grew up. Simple. Perfect. There was nothing to get between him and the rest of his peaceful life. Nothing, of course, except for reaping day. They had to drag him onto the train. In the distance, he could just faintly see the shoreline, dotted with meager homes, his own among them. Crystal-clear waves crashed over the sand, gulls cried overhead, and sweet air drifted out from the flowering dunes. Then they slid the iron door shut, and it was over. His life was over. He was certain, beyond a doubt, that he would never return. Mags, the kind old victor that served as mentor for him and the bloodthirsty girl that accompanied them, took one look at Finnick and muttered under her breath, "Let's pray you don't win, dear." At the time, he took it in offense, and resolved not to speak with the woman the rest of the ride. Now, it was clear she'd had some insight he couldn't see until it was too late. It didn't take long for him to realize that in almost every case, losing the Hunger Games was not the worse of two possibilities. It took a couple years for him to put together the puzzle pieces that explained the Capitol's adoration for him. From the moment he arrived, the strange citizens made it clear that he was the star of the show, fawning over him with lavish gifts and wild applause. He supposed he should have made some connection when his prep team's hands always seemed to linger a bit too long, and his stylist had the idea to present him at the opening ceremonies in nothing but golden body glitter at age fourteen, while his female counterpart wore a full-length dress. Hungry, freakishly colored eyes followed him wherever he went. A free spirit was not his only excuse for wishing to abandon his training back in the district. The mere thought of killing an innocent human being was repulsive to him. Unthinkable. When he mentioned this to Mags, she just shook her head and said, "All that goes away the minute you step off the pedestal. Being noble won't come as naturally as you think. That's the whole game right there - molding you into the killer they all expect." She was right. As much as he resolved to prove them wrong, the instinct for self preservation completely took over in those heart-pounding days of terror. His only mercy was an effort to make the deaths he performed as quick and painless as possible. His method of trapping his victims was admittedly cowardly, but affective. Before he knew what he had done, the Capitol anthem was sounding over the loud speakers, announcing his victory. Finnick Odair: winner of the Sixty-fifth Annual Hunger Games. Sentenced to live the rest of his life under the blinding spotlight of the Capitol, in the palm of President Snow's hand. For a couple years, all seemed to be going rather well, considering. Though it was customary for victors to take turns mentoring for the Games, the Capitol relented to Mags' insistence that she take Finnick's place, and he was able to spend all his time on the water, the only place where he felt at home. Those days were times of recuperation for him - in time, he thought, he would be able to heal from the trauma of the Games and piece together the dream that shattered when his name was drawn. However, the year he turned sixteen, he was ushered off with the two latest tributes, despite Mags' best efforts to keep him home. He thought she must expect he'll make a really terrible mentor; this impression was mostly true, since he never really got the chance to teach the other kids anything. The Capitol had their own plans for him, and Finnick was the last to know. It seemed only fair for him to be informed of the one-sided agreement by the man who arranged it, but he was merely thrown into a room by an armed Peacekeeper with the cold words, "Be a good boy, or you'll never see your friends and family again." That was the start of a nightmare worse than even the Hunger Games could inflict on him. Everyone in the Capitol wanted a piece of the legendary Finnick Odair, and apparently President Snow couldn't refuse their requests - backed up with enormous amounts of money, of course. And, as Finnick found out later that night, Caesar Flickerman himself and a couple of his wealthy friends had bought themselves into the first spot in line. He never saw the Games that year, or any that followed, and was only offhandedly informed several nights later over a tearstained pillow that both of his tributes had become victims of the bloodbath at the Cornucopia. He'd failed them, and one step out of line on his part would add all his loved ones to the list of casualties. And so, from that first night onward, he grit his teeth against the protests and bore it in silence. After several years of experience, his performance in that glorified prison of a room had half of the Capitol convinced they were his one true love. Thinking back, he wondered how anyone could look at him after that first night and call him beautiful. All he could see were the marks left by his terrorists, traces of every touch and kiss, like fingerprints seared into his skin. He was only a boy then - every trace of innocence the Games had left in him had been torn away without a thought, by those flashy, careless people disfigured by layer upon layer of plastic surgery and thick makeup. Some were women, some men, some a little of both, some he questioned even belonged on the same planet. Of course, they weren't all as cruel as Flickerman turned out to be - for the most part, they were just superficial, lost in their own glittering delusions of glamour and artificial love. Two things he knew for certain, though: not one of them ever saw him for who he was. And not one of them, in all their botox-supplemented gaudiness, could compare to the simple beauty and grace of Annie Cresta. He was nineteen when her name was drawn. As a victim of seven full years of tesserae - not for a desire to join the Games, but a family drowning in poverty - it was clear she'd been expecting it. Resigned to her fate, she joined the tearful twelve-year-old on the stage with a quiet dignity. Finnick couldn't remember the last time someone held his gaze, but she stared directly at him. Beneath the calm reserve, he saw the ocean raging in her eyes. This year, he would make time for his tributes, no matter the cost. For whatever reason, he knew he had to keep that girl alive. Every spare moment he thought he could afford away from his "clients" (as Snow called them), he spent with his tributes, giving them advice, training them in technique for use before and during the Games. Surely, he thought, Snow would grant him this much. But the demands of the Capitol called for access to Finnick around the clock - some had been saving up all year for the pleasure of his company, and the list of appointments stretched on and on. Of course, Snow didn't retaliate immediately; that wasn't his style. The Games came and went, with Annie as victor. She wasn't whole, but she was alive. For the first time, Finnick rode the train home with one of his tributes - it didn't quite make up for abandoning all the others, but one life he'd helped preserve was better than nothing. He was beginning to think that his absence wouldn't be met with punishment at all. When he walked through the door of his home in the Victor's Village, he found his parents sprawled over the bloodstained carpet. Dead. Besides Mags, his mother and father were the only people who still looked at him the same way after that first year of mentoring. Everyone could see what he'd become - a district slave, the Capitol's pretty little imported toy, bought and sold, rented over and over again. Overused and rung out. Sometimes he found pity in their eyes, which was unbearable enough, but most often they held disgust. He knew exactly what they were all thinking: he impaled kids on a trident, and yet he's helpless against the citizens of the Capitol. Pathetic - that's what he was to them. Just another wasted victor. For a while, he couldn't even look at her, knowing the price his family had paid for her life. He can't help but ask himself if it was worth it to give up two of the few people that still loved him to save a girl he'd never spoken a word to before her reaping. But Annie Cresta wasn't like them. The people that avoid his gaze, and stare at him when they think he's not looking. Somehow, Annie understands him, even when her understanding of reality has become so twisted. And so, when she knocks on his door late one night, he lets her in. She doesn't say a word, and neither does he; somehow he knows they're both searching for the same comfort. He opens his arms to her, and she comes crashing into them. They fit together like pieces of a puzzle. Finnick holds her until morning, rocking her to sleep on the couch as he mutters comforts into her ear. When she wakes at dawn, she smiles up at him, her eyes clearer than he'd seem them in a long time, and she tells him there had been no nightmares that night. They're the outcasts of District 4. She was disturbed, he was damaged goods. But not once did Finnick see her as mad - Annie was simply scared and confused, shellshocked into her own little world. And through Annie's eyes, for the first time in years, Finnick could see himself as a person - not merely an object, the Capitol's puppet, their toy. He gave her clarity, and she gave him something to live for. She was helping him rebuild his dream, brick by brick, as he helped to tear down the illusions that haunted her. They were broken, but each had exactly what the other needed to make themselves whole again. Finnick came to the slow realization that he loved Annie Cresta. And that was when he knew she wasn't safe, and never would be again, unless someone put an end to Snow's tyranny. Because Snow had a way of finding everything precious in life and tearing it slowly and painfully apart. He needed a plan, and the army to back it up. He found both in his first of many clients the following year, one of Seneca Crane's lackeys, a large man named Plutarch Heavensbee. He turned out to not be a client at all; apparently he'd paid for the time to make a deal with Finnick in private. A resistance was forming.