Entry for Beneath the Mistletoe Contest 2014 Three Wishes by Sammie Robicheau Summary: Three broken hearts each carry a wish: For a family, a father, a forever love. For some, these are all attainable, but for Charlie, Bella, and Edward they seem impossible until a dying man changes everything. Pairing: Edward and Bella Beta: Daphodill Rating: M Author's Note: Thank you to everyone who voted in this contest and reviewed. There were several superb entires and a really hard competition. Unfortunately, Three Wishes didn't win anything, but it was so fun to write. Thanks so much to Daphodill for being such a great beta and walking down this road with Bella, Edward, and Charlie. Charlie I reached the top of the tree and placed the last ornament like I did every year—just a cardboard snowflake picture frame I had bought at the Thriftway forever ago, but it was the most precious ornament on the tree. The center held the last picture I had of my little girl … my Bella. She was taken from me at the beginning of December twenty-three years ago. Renee had taken Bella to Port Angeles to do some shopping when they skidded on a patch of ice, at least that's the story the police investigators had told me. The car sailed off the road into a ravine and exploded on impact. Two bodies were burned beyond recognition. I wiped a tear from my cheek and stepped back to look at the tree and all the twinkling lights. "Dad?" My twelve-year-old son, Seth, came in and stood next to me. "What's up, bud?" "I was making my Christmas wish list and was wondering something." "What's that?" I moved across the room and sat in my favorite recliner. He sat on the couch with a serious look on his face. "I know you're always helping everyone in town, but you don't do much for yourself." I swallowed the lump that rose in my throat. My son could read me so well, just like my wife, Sue. "What's your Christmas wish?" I turned my head and my gaze landed on that snowflake ornament. I'd do anything to have my whole family together again. That feeling of loss lessened over the years, but with Seth's resemblance to his big sister, I never stopped thinking about my Bella. "I just want our whole family together for Christmas. I'm a lucky man to have so many people to love who love me back." It was true. I have a beautiful wife, a great son and stepdaughter, and wonderful friends. Still, a part of me died the day I lost Renee and Bella. Edward Another shift was finally over. Sunday was the worst day to work at the Forks Police Department. Not that a lot happened in our quiet hamlet. The most excitement we got on Sundays was blocking traffic to let folks in and out of the church parking lot. Today, I did have one call, and it was to my ex-girlfriend's house. I thought I had rid myself of the Mallory women when I broke up with Lauren three years ago. They were like a bad rash that never quite cleared up. After that drama, a nice dinner at my parents' house was just what I needed. "Hey, Mom," I called when I entered the kitchen. The familiar smell of my mother's homemade tomato sauce filled the air. She must have had a day similar to mine if she was preparing our favorite comfort food. "Hello, Edward. How was your day?" She pulled a beer out of the fridge and set it in front of me on the kitchen island. I took off my coat and threw it on one of the stools then sat on another one. "Got called to the Mallory place again." "Oh my. That girl just can't take a hint." She stirred the sauce in the large pot on the stovetop. "It was her mother this time, and it was ten times worse." I popped the tab on my beer and took a big swig. "I mean, she's old enough to be my mother, and she was coming on to me like a hooker about to get paid." I shivered at the thought of her blood red nails and how she tried to get my little officer's attention. "I'm so sorry. I know staying in Forks hasn't been easy on your love life." "My fault, I guess. I knew what I was getting into when I joined the FPD." I had broken up with Lauren a few months before I moved back home from Seattle. Being hit with a brick would've been less surprising than when she showed up on my doorstep a month after I moved. Even then, I still didn't want to get back together with her. Three years later and I was still dealing with her. "Have you tried any of those online dating sites? They say they match you with people in your area." She sat down next to me with a beer of her own. "Yeah. On one I got a wink or something from old lady Jenkins. She messaged me at least fifty times before I threatened to get a restraining order and then deleted my account." "Maybe we can try another site. I can help you with your profile. How do you think Emmett got Rosalie?" "You?" I was a little surprised. I knew Emmett and Rosalie became an official couple after they saw each other on eHarmony. Small world since they were casual friends in college. "That boy passed English by the skin of his teeth. I think it was my brilliant description that won her heart." My mom took her credit whenever credit was due her. It was part of her charm. "We'll see." My usual vague response didn't stop her. She grabbed a pen and paper to work on getting me a love life. "What do you want in a woman? What's your ultimate goal for a relationship?" I took another swig from my beer and sighed. The thought had crossed my mind many times and kept me up at night more times than I'd like to admit. "I want it all. I wish I could have the big forever. You know, a wife I can love beyond all reason. I want kids who need a coach for little league or rides to ballet lessons. I want to change dirty diapers and do three am feedings then snuggle up with the love of my life for as long as we both shall live." All this didn't need to happen today; I was only twenty-five, but damn it, I was so tired of waiting for my life to start. I wanted what my parents had, what Em and Rose had. I didn't want to wait any more. I knew she was out there—my perfect woman—I hadn't found her yet. Maybe she would be the one finding me. Bella "How's he doing today?" I asked the hospice nurse when I entered Phil's room. "He seems more lucid. He was adamant he talk to you today." "Thanks for calling me, Jane." I moved closer to the bed and saw he had just sat up. "I'll be in the kitchen if you need me." Jane left the room and I went to sit in the chair next to the bed. "Looking good, handsome." A weak smile formed on Phil's lips. "Ha, ha, baby girl." "I'm twenty-five, Phil. I'm not a baby anymore." I took his hand in mine and squeezed. "Give a dying man a break." "Phil," I whined. I knew his days were few, but I hated the fact that he thought about it so much. "Hey, I'm being realistic. Now, I don't think I'm gonna be around for Christmas this year. So, what is your Christmas wish this year? A new mixer or cake pans?" Any other year, I would've said yes. Cooking and baking were my passions. That was why I went to culinary school in the first place. No new kitchen items were on my wish list, not this year. "I wish to spend it with my dad." "You've never called me dad." The weak smile on his face didn't hide the pain that I knew had to be there. "Why have you always called your mother and me by our first names?" A strange question, but I am a pretty strange person. "I guess it was because everybody called you Phil and Renee. No one else called you mom and dad, so neither did I." "You sure it doesn't have anything to do with those dreams you've had all these years?" He lifted his brow in question. "I don't know." The dreams had been coming off and on for years. I would always call the man with the dark eyes and darker hair daddy. Sometimes, I'd dream about a little boy and a park where the daddy would push both of us on the swings. Phil pulled a file folder out from under the pillow beside him. He opened it and pulled out a picture. "Is this the man from your dream?" All the air left my lungs at the sight of the man in the picture. "It's him." My head swam with images of that park, the man, the boy, and so much green. "I thought so." Phil closed the folder and handed it to me. "Who is he?" With tears in his eyes he said, "You're gonna get your wish, baby girl. His name is Charlie Swan and he's your real father." ### Eight days later "You did what?" I expected surprise and confusion from my best friend. What I didn't count on were Angela's shrieking sobs and hysterics. "There are things I haven't told you, and for that, I'm so sorry." If I had told her what I was planning, she would've stopped me. I couldn't let her. "But Bella, your mom needs you here." Angela sniffled again and then blew her nose. I pulled the phone away from my ear at the foghorn-like sound. My few friends in Phoenix would never understand why I would up and move to a Podunk town in Washington. That was one of the reasons why I didn't tell them my plans. The main reason, though, was I couldn't have any of them running off and telling my mother. I knew I would have to tell Angela, but only after I was almost there. "I wish I could explain this to you, Ang. I just can't. Not yet anyway. I'll be in touch. Just let everyone know I'm safe." "What about Christmas?" "I can't think about that now." After so many years of putting my mother and everyone else first, I had to think about myself for a change. "I just need to get away and clear my head. I hope you can understand that." "Okay, only if you promise me you will send me a picture with a paper or something with the date on it every day. Or else I'll think you're in a ditch or got kidnapped by a lumberjack or something." I finally smiled. There was my friend's sense of humor. "I will. I'll send one once I get into town." I ended my call and made it to the head of the line in front of the car rental desk. "Isabella Dwyer. I reserved a Tahoe." The clerk typed my name in the computer and found my reservation. After showing my ID, paying for two weeks upfront, and signing in blood I acquired a silver Chevy Equinox. "I thought I was getting a Tahoe?" I asked as the clerk handed me the keys. "Sorry, Miss Dwyer. There was a storm a couple of days ago and clients haven't returned their rentals yet." He pulled a sheet of paper from a clipboard he'd been carrying. "Hand this in when you return the car and you will get a partial refund since we