Hello all! This is my first Harry Potter fic so bear with me here. Now I know the presence of an Oc or two might make some of you a little wary and that is understandable. But I swear, my oc's are just here to help the plot along, not steal the show. Just a little warning, this story will contain some adult themes such as child abuse, physical assault, PTSD, racism, and sexual assault. I will try to handle the subjects with the respect they deserve. It always bothered me in the HP universe that basically all the Slytherins are bad people. Only Snape and Draco are redeemable and by the time either of them shows a good side, they have already done some pretty awful things. There needs to be someone in Slytherin with a conscience, otherwise Rowling's ending with Harry saying there is nothing wrong with his son possibly ending up in Slytherin comes off as half assed, as he was given very little to look kindly on Slytherin house for. Now, I make no excuses for Snapes adult actions. Bullying children is awful, especially when it is a grown adult doing it. But I can't help but wonder if his behavior is in no small part a result of his own difficult life. Clearly we have someone who was vulnerable and easily led from a young age who refuses to admit weakness or victim-hood, while suffering greatly at the hands of his father and even his peers. I imagine some level of PTSD would have an effect on his outcome, much like how PTSD from my own childhood resulted in a rather nasty mean streak in my high school years, including saying terrible, unforgivable things, and physically fighting often when I felt scared. Seeing how the HP universe treats mental damage, it is doubtful he received any treatment for his issues that he very likely repressed. This story is to explore how things may have turned out if others had actually took a stand and helped him when he needed it. If Someone Cared Enough Chapter One: Intervention The sun was reaching the highest point in the sky when the doors to Hogwarts burst open to release a slew of students onto its perfectly manicured and grassy grounds. Mentally exhausted and restless from being cooped up so long, the fifth years breathed a collective sigh of relief as they descended on the freedom of fresh air and sunlight that they so craved. Fifth year OWLs were proving to be as difficult as professors had promised and many students were beginning to regret forgoing one or two extra studying opportunities for Exploding Snap and Wizards Chess. For just having survived a lengthy, frustratingly tough DADA exam, students couldn't be happier to bask in such perfect weather. The gentle blow of a light breeze offset the oncoming soon-to-be summer heat and the lush green rolling expanse of grass called invitingly to anyone who just so happened to fancy a lie in it. With the sky a robin's egg blue, hardly a single cloud hung in the sky and the Black Lake glittered magnificently in the sunlight, it's still surface broken only by the occasional ripples of bare teenage feet and the Giant Squid lazily waving one massive tentacle above the water. ...it should go without saying that a day so serene was due for some disruption. " Expelliarmus!" The spell that broke the tranquil beginnings of what could have been a great afternoon came from a young man not too far from the castle doors. Standing tall and proud—some would say arrogant and cocky to be a more apt description—James Potter had his wand drawn as his friend Sirius came up besides him. Both boys wore matching grins, but they weren't nice smiles. No, they were the sort that promised unpleasantness and more than a few hurt feelings when directed at someone. And at that precise moment those smiles were directed at one unfortunate target; the lanky, surly, and unpopular Severus Snape. In no time at all a rather one sided fight had broken out, just as could be expected when it was two against one, and a crowd was beginning to gather. Many near the lake and on the outskirts of the school grounds turned to stare unabashedly at the spectacle. The duel—if you could call it that—rapidly escalated past childish taunts as James threw a cleaning spell in Snape's direction. Bubbles frothed up from the greasy teen's mouth and spilled onto the ground as he sputtered and hacked. Unwillingly breathing in water and soap, Snape struggled for air. "Leave him ALONE!" bellowed an angry voice as a mass of flaming red hair and the embodiment of indignation stormed across the lawn. The nosy crowd of onlookers grew larger still as Lily Evans descended upon the scene. James naturally put on his most charming smile, running an hand through his hair as he greeting her as casually as if he wasn't currently tormenting someone. It really was a wonder how he actually thought he could woo her while simultaneously hexing her friend. Taking advantage of the distraction, Snape lunged for his wand and managed to fire off a quick spell before being unceremoniously hung upside down in the air. As he struggled to right himself in the undignified position, his robes fell up over his head, revealing his underwear to a viciously amused crowd. {page break} A short distance away by a outcropping of rocks, a small group of students with their notes and books strewn out across their laps had been watching the commotion for some time. None of them found any amusement to be had in the sickening display of bullying. Kohl rimmed eyes narrowed sharply, scrutinizing the fight with distaste, "Did Evans—?" "She almost smiled!" cried another from the group, "I mean, it certainly looked like she was trying not to." "Yes because a friend being humiliated is oh so amusing," was the not so amused response. {page break} Lily finally had the good sense to take her own wand out and brandished it angrily at James and Sirius. Students watched as Snape scrambled to his feet and righted his robes. Then, just when it seemed the ordeal was over, a terrible word fell from Snape's lips and a stunned silence fell over the grounds of Hogwarts. Lily took only a second to process what she just heard before she coldly dismissed her one time friend, with a not too kind dig at his underwear for good measure. James attempted to play the white knight, only to be angrily rebuffed as well and soon Lily was marching off across the grounds and back towards her own friends. {page break} "Alright," the girl with the kohl rimmed eyes stood up, brushing dirt off her robes, "I've seen just about enough of this." "Sim, sit back down," a timid girl next to her friend whispered, tugging at her sleeve to pull her back, "Please, you know how you are when you're angry." The girl gently pushed her friend's hand away, "I've been sitting here waiting for a prefect to do their damn job and so far, not a single one of them has done anything. One is just sitting there and now the other has up and ditched because she's offended. So I guess its up to me to put an end to this." "They didn't listen much to Evans," a boy pointed out, "And Potter likes her. What can you do?" "You done with that copy of History of Magic ?" the girl asked. "Well...yes, I suppose we won't be needing this edition next year, but I don't see what that—" " Wingardium Leviosa!" With a flick of her wand, the girl had her friends book hovering in the air. Another flick had it fast in flight across the grounds towards the group of boys just as James resumed his attack on Snape. "Who wants to see me take off Snivelly's pants?" " Bombarda!" The book burst apart in a shower of paper and leather bindings with enough force to knock Potter off his feet and onto the ground. As his wand rolled out of his hand, the spell on Snape lifted and the greasy haired teen came crashing to the ground. The laughing group of spectators went silent, not sure of what to make of this sudden change of events. Even those who had been doing their best to ignore the initial scene were watching now. "What the hell?" James cried, covered in bits of burnt paper. "Hell is the least of what you deserve," someone came forward, the crowd around the Marauders and Snape parting like the Red Sea. Coming to stand between Snape and Potter was a girl no older than sixteen. Her golden eyes with rimmed in heavy black kohl and an array of pastel shades of eye-shadow dusted across both eyelids. The makeup made a stark contrast to her rich mocha skin. Tall and regal, she could be called very attractive if she didn't have so vexing a look upon her aristocratic face. Draped over her shapely frame were Slytherin robes. Simone Serapeum was born to a French heiress from Beauxbatons and a wealthy former Hufflepuff with a hand in the legal proceedings of the Wizengamot. This fine breeding had made Simone a well known socialite of high society long before she was even of Hogwarts age. Raised with the highest of expectations upon her shoulders, Simone was the epitome of decorum, at least until someone managed to catch her ire. Said to be cursed with her mother's temperament, she was fiercely protective of her friends and family. When pushed too far, Simone was like a powder keg igniting in a fireworks shop. This was demonstrated all too unfortunately in her first year in Hogwart's hallowed halls. Cynthia Berget, a Ravenclaw third year and notorious bully, made the terrible mistake of insulting a first year within ear shot of Simone. This first year was Thea Mnemosyne, a girl with mousy hair and a personality to match. She also happened to be Simone's best friend. Simone descended on the startled third year in a flurry of hexes and swinging fists What followed could only be described as a pure, unadulterated cat fight that took several teachers to break up. When the girls were pulled apart, Simone was covered in substantially more scrapes and bruises as well as a set of walrus tusks courtesy of Cynthia, but had managed to come away with a large chunk of Cynthia's hair, which she refused to part with and hid thereafter. Assuming herself the victor of the fight, Cynthia and her friends toted this win quite proudly, renewing her taunting and snide comments with glee. However, that triumph was short lived and whatever mirth she felt died when one morning at breakfast, Simone strode into the Great Hall wearing the now braided golden locks around her head like a crown. The smile on her face was described by those who saw it as 'sinister'. For the next few weeks, Simone spent much of her time in any shared spaces with Cynthia staring at her, or rather her hair, as though considering how the rest of it would look if ripped off and donned on her own head. It came as no surprised to anyone when upon returning from Christmas break, Cynthia's friends were heard mentioning that Cynthia had transferred to Beaxbatons for 'personal reasons'. From that day forward, Simone carried with her a reputation for her talents in intimidation and a sadism that was not to be invoked, earning her the respect of Sytherin house and the wary side eyes of the rest of the school. Since then, though, Simone never made a move against anyone, preferring to sit in the shadows, a silent observer whose very presence left many on their toes. It was her lack of action that kept people tense. Aside from