AN: Hey Everyone! I always found stories about if Edward never came back fascinating, so here is my own take on it. I hope you guys enjoy! Please review if you want to! Its how I grow as a writer! Thanks! Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Twilight characters. I've never minded living in Forks. Looking around the town, it might be difficult to see how we could possibly have a population of almost four thousand people, with our main road housing our single stop light within city limits. Occasionally, I'd make the drive to Portland, or even Hoquiam if I had the time to spend in a car like that, just to have something to do. There was no movie theatre or mall or any other normal teenage time waster around here. But, I didn't really mind that. Most of the time, I spent my hours at the coffee shop or at the many different beaches scattered on the western outskirts of Forks to work on my photography skills – or lack thereof. For the first boring sixteen years of my life, my parents, brother and I lived in a ranch style house near the center of town. After my brother, who was just a year and a few months older than me, had moved out and left to go to Washington State, Mom decided it was time to have a different view when she looked out her window. Admittedly, I was worried that they'd decided to move east, to Seattle, perhaps, like Dad intermittently mentioned from time to time. Or maybe down south, to Portland or even California; that made me shudder. I hated the idea of leaving the Northwest all together the most. Thankfully, though, Mom wanted to stay in the Olympic Peninsula and Dad didn't mind continuing to make the four hour drive to Seattle's airport. He traveled a lot for work and, if he was desperate, could fly out of Port Angeles when needed. To my relief at not having to start over at a new high school, my parents found a house just recently put on the market on the outskirts of town. It used to be owned by a man who was the retired police chief before my parents were even born. His daughter apparently never moved into the house after he died, but kept it, hiring workmen to keep it in shape. Sometime after my brother's first birthday, the woman passed away, living to be a hundred and five years old. Her great-granddaughter lived in the house for a while before deciding to sell it and moving her own family to New York, or somewhere that far east. To their delight, my parents were able to get the house well below their budget, leaving plenty of funds for the remodeling. We moved into the house quickly. I wasn't the biggest fan of having my bedroom just across the hall from my parents, where in our old house they'd been on the complete opposite side of the house. Thankfully, I wouldn't have to share the upstairs bathroom with them since the previous owner had a full bathroom added in on the main floor just off the small living room. Mom volunteered to take that one as theirs. I'm sure it was because we had an agreement to let me decorate any space that was designated as mine however I wanted to. Very proud of how her home was viewed, I'm sure Mom wanted any guests – who were sure to be using the main floor bathroom the most – to see her decorating skills and not mine. All in all, I liked the two bedroom house from the moment we settled in, even the strange faded yellow cabinets in the kitchen. Removing the paint and giving it a newer, darker finish was the first thing Mom did. I found it disheartening, but unavoidable. Slowly, over the past several months, Mom repainted and updated the house. It lost a bit of its old world charm to me, but I still loved the two story hide away. "Sloane! Can you come down here?" I groaned, throwing my worn copy of Mansfield Park next to me on the bed. The pastel blue cover depicting a large mansion in grassy hills blended in with the old thin quilt my parents had picked up at an estate sale in Olympia a few years ago. It was my favorite. Slipping of the bed, I made my way down the steps and into the small family room. Mom and Dad were sitting on the couch next to each other. I didn't panic yet. They often called family meetings for any minor infraction or small disruption to our lives. They were very new age like that. Without a word, I sat down in the armless tan chair and waited patiently. "Sloane, honey," Mom started. "We're going to move the renovation process to the upstairs." I nodded, kind of wishing they hadn't called me down here for this. "What are you going to do?" "The floorboards need replacing," Dad explained. "We're going to hopefully start in two weeks or so, as soon as your mother picks the type of wood she wants. We're going to be doing the replacing ourselves, so we'll need your help." "Okay," I nodded again. It made sense for us to do the work ourselves. There wasn't exactly a contractor just down the road that they could hire and bringing one up to Forks would be more costly than it was worth. "That's fine." My own floorboards were looking a little pathetic. The only retouching my room had received was a new paint job for the walls. Mom wanted to paint it light purple or maybe a soft yellow, but I liked the pale blue walls, so we matched the color as close as we could to give it new life and even on cloudy days I could look at my walls and see a piece of the sky. Since there was nothing else that needed to be discussed, I was allowed to go back to my room. I stood up, told my parents good night and headed up the stairs. The rhythm of my reading was disrupted, so I picked up the book and placed it in my backpack for school tomorrow. My homework was done and not a single movie or TV show seemed interesting enough for me to watch. The only choice seemed to be to sit in my chair and stare out the window, watching the woods. It all fascinated me. The impossibly tall yet thin trees, the moss that seemed to cover anything that stood still long enough. For vacations, Dad tended to choose places like New York, Florida, and Texas. All places that were severely lacking the color green. They were civilized, void of real nature. The cities were fine in small doses, but nowhere I could think to live for long durations of time. They were too crowded. Society and I didn't get along very much. Sure, I had friends that I enjoyed spending time with, but ultimately I was an introvert, preferring solitude and time to recharge my batteries that went dead very quickly around people. Living in a small town where the closest city was at least an hour or so away was my perfect habitat. Slowly, but surely, the sun began to disappear behind the trees. Seeing a beautiful scene begging to be captured, I swiped my camera off the desk and turned it on. I threw open the window and leaned out, careful not to lean too far out so my clumsiness could make me slip. Taking pictures from different angles and zooming in and out, I caught almost every second of the sunset until the sun was gone. Hopefully I'd been able to take at least one photo worth keeping. I decided to take a shower before I went to bed, yanking my jeans off before exiting my room. I took a towel out of the hall closet and crossed over to the bathroom. Mom and Dad were still downstairs discussing the pros and cons between real wood and laminate flooring. After removing my shirt and underwear, I stood in the bathroom and waited for the water to heat up. Our house was always relatively warm, but the beads of hot water felt amazing, warming and massaging the knots in my back. I lingered in the shower, letting my mind focus on the two people downstairs responsible for my existence. There was very little room between them on the couch and they were leaning in to each other. So, they'd made up. Mom and Dad didn't fight often, and never in front of my brother and me, so I have no idea had what this latest tiff had been about, but it must have been a bad one, the fallout having lasted over the past several days. Whatever it was, I was relieved it hadn't been too serious. Dad looked more rested now, like he had slept in their room rather than on the couch. They probably thought they were being careful, waiting for me to go to bed before he stretched out on the sofa to go to sleep, but I knew. At least it was over now. Once my hair was washed and conditioned and my legs smooth and hairless, I turned off the water and stepped out of the tub, wrapping the fluffy blue towel around me. The cool air drifting in from under the door gave me goosebumps, a shiver running up my spine. My teeth chattered quietly as I ran to my room, clothes in hand. I dried off as quickly as I could, slipping a thin Forks High School hoodie over my head and fresh underwear. Outside was now pitch black, save for the porch light. My phone told me it was only about eight-forty. A little early to be going to bed. Shrugging, I turned off my light and shuffled myself under the sheets and my favorite quilt. Tossing and turning, I tried to get comfortable. I just wasn't tired enough to really go to sleep. My mind wandered, thinking of possible photo ideas and if every math problem on my homework was really done. After what seemed like hours, but was probably only thirty minutes, I fell asleep. I woke up the next morning before my alarm went off, fully rested. This allowed me to take more time to get ready than I used did, contemplating each piece of clothing separately. Eventually, I settled on a long sleeved purple shirt and dark green jeggings with knee high boots. I wasn't exactly Miss Fashion Forward, but I liked to be a little bit presentable. I kept my makeup light and threw my hair up in a lazy knot on the top of my head. Exiting my room, the smell of bacon hit my nostrils, making my stomach rumble. Grabbing my backpack I hurried down the stairs and into the kitchen. Mom was making breakfast. Not a completely new sight, but it'd become less regular as Mick and I had gotten older and able to fend for ourselves. I made no mention of this as I sat down at the breakfast island, pouring myself a glass of orange juice that Mom had left out. "Well, look who who's up and rearing to go this morning," she sang, looking up from the eggs that were sizzling on the stove top. Mom was always more of a morning person than the rest of us. She never had a problem getting up out of bed, singing whatever really old song popped into her head that day. I shrugged. "I went to bed early last night; body woke me up." If I had my way, I'd sleep in every day until ten. I loved sleep. Dreaming even more. Anything was possible in the much better world of my head. The toaster made