Full Summary: Instead of killing Dumbledore in his 6th year, Draco Malfoy's mission is to kill a witch his age named Jane Rodgers. Draco has no problem with this, seeing as Jane killed his father. Problem is . . . he has no idea who she is or what she looks like, only her name. In an attempt to keep her safe, Dumbledore accepts Jane into Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Jane is a girl with an attitude, a HUGE temper, and a dark past. For one, she could technically qualify as Lord Voldemort's daughter. She knows everything he knows about the Dark Arts, but tries to avoid it all. She also has a piece of information Dumbledore needs, another reason that he relocated her to Hogwarts. However, Jane is so mysterious that Draco slowly becomes fascinated with her. He has to choose whether to follow orders and gain glory and power, or risk his life for a romantic relationship. WARNING: This story contains mild violence and gore, friendship, strong language, awesome characters, ideologically sensitive material, a bit of self harm, epic fights, some sexual tension (but no sex), and it might just be the best story you've ever read. If not we apologize and will refund your money in 3-5 weeks . . . wait a minute, you're reading this for free! Okay, so if you don't like it, I'll just apologize and try to do better. Lol that's all I can give you. And now we can begin the story. Read and review please! Thank you in advance! Jane Rodgers stood in Kings Cross Station, packed with all kinds of people alike. Lots of boys her age, and then some, stared at her as she walked by with their mouths drooling. Her strawberry blonde, waist length hair swayed in time with her hips as she pushed her luggage cart around, looking for platform 9 ¾. Dumbledore had let her enroll in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, he'd bought all her school books, her robes, and her other supplies. He paid for her to stay at the Leaky Cauldron, and arranged for a Ministry car to pick her up and take her to the train station, but the one thing he didn't do, the one thing that was most important, was tell her how to get onto the damn platform. All she saw were platforms nine, ten, and a whole lot of Muggles. It wasn't until her ears picked up a particular conversation that she realized she wasn't the only one running late. ". . . come along, then! Hurry, hurry! We're late for the Hogwarts Express!" The speaker was a short, plump woman with red hair. Following her was a tall man with thinning, red hair, and four teenagers, three of them appearing to be her age, and one of them younger. Jane's eyebrows knitted together in concentration and she followed the group. When they stopped a few yards from the archway between platforms nine and ten, she stopped too. "Hermione, you go first. I'll go with Ginny. Arthur, you follow with Ron, and Harry, you come right after," the woman ordered. They lined up as she described and then she said, "Alright, Hermione. Go for it!" A bushy-haired girl steered her luggage cart toward the barrier. She began to push the cart; running and running she was, until she had vanished straight into the wall. "Okay, Ginny, us next," the plump witch announced. She took hold of a second girl's cart, the one younger than her, and walked with her. Just when Jane saw them about to crash, a group of people passed by, and once they cleared, they were gone. "Our turn, Ron," the balding man said. They copied the little girl and the woman, walking towards the stone wall. As the trolley hit the barrier, it went right into it. They kept going, pushing themselves into it until they disappeared. Jane rubbed her eyes, not daring to believe it. The only one left was a boy with black, wire rimmed glasses and jet black hair. He straightened his cart so it was level with the barrier, and poised to break into a run. "Hey!" Jane Rodgers called quickly, pushing her cart forward, "Excuse me!" He swished around to face her, and as he did she noticed his eyes were a piercing but friendly green. For a moment he didn't acknowledge her with words. He simply stared at her with his mouth hanging open and desire in his eyes. Finally he spoke up, "Yes? " he asked. "Um . . . how did they do that?" she asked, pointing at the barrier. "Do what?" he asked suspiciously. "They just . . . vanished at the barrier," maybe she was crazy or something, but she swore that when the others hit the barrier they disappeared into it. He surveyed her and her luggage, and it wasn't until he noticed her Barn owl, Blythe, in his cage did he smile and ask, "Hogwarts?" She nodded. "Are you a first year?" "No, just going into my sixth," "Did you transfer schools or something?" he questioned with a quirk of his brow. "Uh - you could say that," she guessed. The boy looked at the watch on his wrist, "We better go, or we're going to miss the train. Just run through the barrier to get onto the right platform. We can go together if you'd like," She nodded again and lined her cart next to his. "On three we run," he told her, "One . . . two . . . three!" They dashed forward. They were three feet from the barrier. Now one foot. Jane closed her eyes tightly, waiting for her nose to smash right into her brain . . . But it never did. "I know it's scary the first time. But you'll get the hang of it sooner or later," Jane opened her eyes, and in front of her was a bright scarlet train, the words HOGWARTS EXPRESSED scrawled onto the side of every cart. She grinned, thanked the boy, and ran off. Jane found an empty compartment at the front of the train and slid her suitcase under the seat. Placing Blythe's cage on her lap, stroking his feathers, she stared out the window and watched kids say goodbye to mothers and fathers, wishing that she had a mom and dad to hug and say goodbye to. The closest thing she had to a parent was the worst, darkest wizard on Earth. Like he was going to wish her luck . . . A loud whistle sounded and the train began to move, "Here we go, Blythe," she told her pet as he squeaked and nibbled at her fingers affectionately, "New school, new teachers, new friends maybe. A new start," she sighed, "Let's try not to screw it up," Another boring ride on the bloody train, another year at the worst school in the world. Draco Malfoy sat alone in a compartment somewhere in the middle of the train. He pulled up the sleeve of his black jacket to reveal a faintly red tattoo; a large skull, with a snake twisting and writhing out of its mouth. He poked at one of the ink lines and winced. Even after a few weeks, it still hurt. There was a tap on the glass of the window and he looked up. A large, grey owl bobbed up and down outside, a cream colored envelope in its beak. Draco pulled his sleeve back down, stood up, and went to open the window. The bird landed on the red seat and dropped the letter. He picked it up, turning it in his long, pale fingers. It was addressed to him, written in dark purple ink, from his Aunt Bellatrix. With a rustle of its feathers, the grey owl spread its wings and took off. Draco closed the window after it and tore open the letter. Dear Draco, This note is to remind you of the task you agreed to this summer. The girl you are looking for is Jane Rodgers, the same one that murdered your father. The Dark Lord wants her gone. She is a danger to everyone, especially our cause. Whatever way you choose to dispose of her is fine, as long as no one knows it is you. Get rid of Jane Rodgers before the end of your school year. Good luck, Draco. We know you will not disappoint Him. Bellatrix He jeered at the piece of parchment. The facts about his father's death were still fuzzy to him. He did know that he was killed horribly by a girl the same age as him. He'd be quite glad to get rid of her. Draco stood up and walked out into the hallway. Pushing roughly past second year girls and boys, he made his way to the front of the train where he knew his friends would be. But soon he stopped, looking into the window of another compartment. A girl with long, straight, strawberry blonde hair sat on the plush red seats, holding a Barn owl in its cage and looking at the passing country side. She was extremely beautiful, and he couldn't help but stare at her. "Malfoy!" His head whipped around. A boy with dark brown skin and short black hair was motioning to him, standing next to a door leading to another part of the train. He held his finger up, took a last fleeting look at the girl, and walked over to him, "Hey, Blaise," "Pansy, Crabbe, and Goyle are over there," Blaise told him. Draco knew where he meant and led the way into the next car. It didn't have separate compartments like most of the train. Instead, tables and chairs lined the sides, leaving a narrow hallway in the middle. Along the left side of the car, two tables were put together, and Pansy, Crabbe, and Goyle were sitting at it. Draco sat down next to Goyle, and was immediately pushed off when he and Crabbe saw the sweets cart. Blaise laughed and sat down next to Pansy as Draco shook his head in irritation and pulled himself back onto the seat, "Idiot pigs," he muttered. "What's in your hand?" Pansy, a pale girl with straight, light brown hair and the facial structure of a pug, asked. He looked down; the letter was still in his palm, "Nothing," he told her, stuffing it back into the envelope and into his pocket. Suddenly a dark, thick cloud of dust blasted through the car, sending screams, coughing, and stunned muttering into the air. He stood, squinting against the dust and hacking as he searched for the trouble maker. "What was that?" he asked harshly, "Blaise?" "Don't know," "Relax boys. It's probably just a first year messing around," Pansy suggested. The glittering fog clouded his vision faintly and he blinked it out of his eyes. He took a step forward, but then Pansy said, "Come on, Malfoy. Sit down. We'll be at Hogwarts soon," Draco sighed and sat back down. Starring out the window, the pale boy muttered, "Hogwarts. What a pathetic excuse for a school," he gazed at the two people sitting across from him with a grimace, "Think I'll pitch myself off the Astronomy Tower if I had to continue for another two years," "What's that supposed to mean?" Pansy asked with a worried expression. Draco looked out the window again, "Let's just say that I don't think you'll see me wasting my time in Charms Class next year," At the sound of Blaise's snicker, he turned his attention to him, "Amused, Blaise?" he asked. Blaise just looked at him with a blank expression. He shook his head and started down at his hands, "We'll see just who's laughing in the end," A soft thump above him made Draco look up. His case moved forward in an unnatural way every few minutes. A suspicion popped into his