A/N: I've been a Lurker until now. This is my first fanfic. I am actually a poet/memoir writer and have written several chapbooks. You can message me directly to find out more about them. But I am a huge Potterhead, and while I have written a little fanfic in the past and read more than a few fanfics online lately (*cough* Grad School Distractions *cough*), this is the first I've ever tried to complete, and the first I've ever posted, and of course, I will try hard not to be such a Lurker now that I am directly involved in the fandom! Please message me if you'd like to beta/you've found mistakes or passages that don't settle well. This is my best attempt to write fanfic that passes the Bechdel test, and the DuVernay test! R&R! **** All rights belong to JK Rowling, I own nothing **** Chapter 1: Intelligence and Reconnaissance The light from the rising sun was bleeding through the lace curtains; the roosters were calling into the light and the birds in the trees outside the window shattered the silence of night with their chatter. Soon the sound of cookware hitting the stove, voices, the smell of coffee, the sound of a kettle whistle, and the bleating of the goats would rise up into the attic room where Dorcas shut her eyes against it all. It was the morning of the first of September. In a few hours, Dorcas would be boarding the Hogwarts express. Dorcas finally opened her eyes just as her mother called from downstairs. The sun was slowly filtering through to touch with golden light the candle stubs grouped on various surfaces, the fringe of brightly colored floral-patterned scarves, making the gold thread of Persian-style embroidered pillows twinkle. The sun touched the moving pictures on the wall- adolescent versions of Dorcas and her schoolmates Alfred and Mary waved hello, younger versions of her father and brother with their hands on their hips against a southern Italian vacation background regarded Dorcas with adoring exasperation. Paintings of apartment blocks and public parks that Alfred did looked strangely still next to the moving pictures, but they also had a life of their own. The sun was moving. It was catching in the panes of the window. It was being absorbed by the wood-paneled walls. Throwing on a sweater over her nightgown, Dorcas went down stairs. In the kitchen she found her father, looking very tall and very bald in his royal blue house-robe; out the window, Dorcas could see her mother coming down the hill from the stable where the cow lived, and she had thrown a house-robe over a night shirt and her pajama pants were tucked into wellingtons. A little voice was coming from the wireless radio, and Dorcas reached out and turned up the volume. The voice grew; it was that of a news-wizard, and he was saying, "...crisis. Within minutes Obliviators were on the scene. Minchum is now calling for the resignation of head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Robert Ogden, calling him a 'useless old bat….'" Mr. Shacklebolt moved at that moment to turn the volume down on the radio, and Dorcas set to work beside her father. She threw sausages into a frying pan as he charmed the whistling kettle to pour hot water into a teapot. A third steaming mug of coffee was already floating at Dorcas's wrist height. "Good morning, Dorckles," said her father. "Take your coffee. It's by your wrist." "Only Kingsley can call me that," Dorcas responded as she grabbed the mug out of the air and lifted it to her lips. Her mother came through to the kitchen, having changed her wellingtons for slippers at the door. "Are you going into the office this morning, Lem?" said her mother as she put down a basket of eggs and picked up the teapot to pour steaming tea into two cups. She put down the teapot and turned on the faucet; with two eggs in each hand, she rinsed them quickly, saying "good eggs from Vashti and William today." She handed them to Dorcas, who cracked them in another pan. Dorcas turned up the heat underneath the pan with the eggs as her mother reached into the cupboard above her and took out three plates. Dorcas's father flicked his wand at the plates, which slowly began to revolve into the air. Dorcas's mother frowned her disapproval. "Lemuel," she said warningly. "She won't learn the value of hard work if you do every little thing with magic." The plates clustered themselves next to Dorcas as she prepared to slide sausages onto them. They nudged her elbows, making the task difficult. "Dad, the plates," said Dorcas. "Sorry, dear," said her father, who flicked her wand to the left a little. The plates hovered more peacefully in front of Dorcas as she slid the sausage and eggs on. Mr. Shacklebolt sighed and, finally responding to his wife, said, "No Fati, dear, I won't be going into the office today," as he pointed his wand at the frying pan from over Dorcas's shoulder. The eggs were white and bubbling at once, causing the yokes to quiver. Mrs. Shacklebolt harrumphed. "Thought I'd take Dorckles here to King's Cross." "Good," said Fatimah Shacklebolt. "I've got to go to St. Oswald's early today." As she spoke a large gray and white kneazle wended its way in from the garden, looking like a small lynx, with huge ears and a tufted tail. Dorcas reminded her parents once again that "Only Kingsley can call me that." "Oh no you don't, Potato," Fatimah said without even looking at the Kneazle. Potato the kneazle paused mid-step, then sat at the threshold, eyeing Fatimah. Lemuel turned to Dorcas. "Looking forward to school?" "I can't believe students are still going to school. We're at war," said Dorcas as she brought the pan of scrambled eggs to the table. "Getting your education is important," said Lemuel. Dorcas grabbed a piece of toast and put it on her plate. "We won't always be at war. Do you still want to be an auror?" "Yes, just—" "Like Kingsley," Lemuel finished. He smiled, the corners of his eyes wrinkling. The family owl, Bard, chose that moment to come swooping in to land atop a kitchen chair. "Not over the breakfast table, Bard!" said Fatimah sternly. Bard ruffled his feathers, regarded Fatimah in a somewhat apologetic fashion and stuck out its leg. Fatimah leaned over and untied the letter and opened it. "Kingsley says good luck at school, Dorckles," she said. Dorcas coughed and said in a sing-song voice, "only Kingsley can call me that!" Fatimah kept reading and glanced up at Lemuel. They seemed to exchange a significant look. Then Fatimah handed Lemuel the letter, and he scanned it as well. His face darkened. Dorcas leaned over her eggs and coffee to try to get a look but Lemuel just shook the letter out of her line of sight. He folded it carefully and stowed it in a pocket of his robes. "Shall we get ready, then? You're all packed, aren't you Dorckles?" "Only Kingsley can call me Dorckles. And yes, dad." "Good. Kingsley's hooked us up with a portkey, it's at half-past ten." After breakfast, Dorcas helped her father clear away the plates,while he charmed the scrub brush to wash them of its own accord. Then Lemuel went up the stairs to his study. Dorcas had packed the night before; being a very neat person, organized and precise, there wasn't much for her to do. She checked her watch. There was an hour before the portkey would take her to King's Cross. She'd take a walk. Walking around the Shacklebolt farm was one of Dorcas's favorite pastimes. Walking allowed her to think more clearly, she felt. And there was a fair amount to think over. She made her way up the hill, sloshing in her tall yellow wellingtons through the muddy grass, which was still brown from the drought that summer, toward the barn that she'd seen her mother walking away from earlier while Dorcas had been in the kitchen listening to the wireless. A crisis. That's what the news-wizard had said. Probably another attack, either on a muggle community, or a magical one, probably by the extremists who call themselves death eaters. Dorcas felt an involuntary shudder roll through her. The death eaters made her physically ill. The name of their organization had been associated with the most violent acts ever since Dorcas had been ten years old. She was there the day it all started, not far away from the columns of smoke that rose up into the sky over Diagon Alley, the distant screams that rent the air, causing Dorcas's blood to run cold. Her father had picked her up in her arms and her ran, carrying her, out of the alley, along with dozens of others, through the Leaky Cauldron, and out into the muggle street. The muggles must have been very surprised to see fifty or so witches and wizards appear out of a doorway none of them could see, all at once, but Dorcas didn't have time to observe at the moment. Her father ran with her into another smaller alleyway where they disapparated home. If only Dorcas were two years older, she could join the aurors and fight the death-eaters, the ones who'd started all of this, the ones who threatened the peace and calm of everything. Dorcas was going over the crest of the hill now, passing the barn, heading to the glen at the bottom. The sun was rising, burning away the mist that rose from the little stream behind the house; the birds were chattering away as they warmed up. At the same time, a chilly breeze blew through the trees, reminding Dorcas of the cold to come. And the letter. What had been in the letter Kingsley had sent? It couldn't have been much, Kingsley never writes anything really useful in letters in case they were intercepted. But whatever he'd written was enough to cause Dorcas's parents to look worried. She'd have to find out. Dorcas turned right around and began walking back to the house. She felt something like glee bubbling. She wanted to rub her hands together. She'd go in search of her father, track down the robe with the letter in the pocket, like practice for the Auror Academy course in Intelligence and Reconaissance that Kingsley had told her about. In the house, the wireless had been turned up again. The news-wizard was going on about markets. "... With gold gaining in value this week, the Dragot is now worth sixteen sickles. The galleon is…." Dorcas did her best to be as quiet as possible, so as not to alert her parents to her presence in the house. She suddenly thought that a Disillusionment Charm would come in handy right then, but she wouldn't be learning about it until later that year. Dorcas made a note to ask Kingsley for more information about it. Dorcas could hear the water running upstairs. She'd have to rely on the water and the radio to cover her. She crept up the stairs, avoiding the steps that creaked, and was on the landing when the water stopped. The news-wizard's voice was very clear now: "rain expected in the midlands. Blue skies in the west and to the north, lasting throughout the week…." Dorcas could now hear her father humming. He must be applying oil to his bald head. Dorcas only had a few minutes. She looked around. Hanging on her parents' bedroom door was her father's blue house-robe. Dorcas could hear her father humming a tune. Dorcas stuck her hand in one pocket, then another, but they were both empty. Dorcas could hear things clattering in the bathroom, bottles of oil, razors, toothbrushes. Dorcas had another look around. There was no paper in sight in the bedroom. She needed to go to