A/N: This is originally supposed to be a short story but I will consider continuing if you would be willing to read more. Enjoy! "Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage." ― Lao Tzu "Focus Alice!" Tyler yells. I take a deep breath, brace myself, and bravely throw the knife at the target but painfully miss it again. Here I am, standing in one of the combat rooms at the Elite Career Academy in District 1, practicing throwing knives at a target. The square room has little to no color, just black sleek equiptment and weapons thoughtfully placed throughout it. I look over at Tyler as he is sighing and shaking his head. "Alice, you need to concentrate." He says, emphasizing the last word. "I'm trying," I reply exasperated, rolling my eyes at him. "I have been training for like three years and maybe I'm just a little tired!" I end with a hint of exasperation and sarcasm. I bend over and rest my hands on my knees to catch my breath. I'm not actually tired, I just want Tyler to believe that I am so I can go home. "If you're tired now, you are going to die in the arena faster than a twelve year old girl from District 12!" He screams, his hazel eyes glaring into my brown ones. "Do you want that?" Don't worry, he's not actually mad. Tyler is my best friend and we are both what you call Careers. He was the one to convince me to become a Career even though I didn't want to be one. I still don't want to be a Career, but I don't have much of a choice. My parents died when I was younger, leaving me to either attend this school or be put in a foster convinced me to choose the first option. He trains me everyday to prepare me for if I ever get called into the arena, which having grown up with bad luck will most likey happen. Tyler is 15 years old, just like me. We have been best friends since we were 8 and Careers since we were 10. We both live in apartments next-door to each other on the campus of The Elite Career Acedemy in our district. The school is known all over and has even been recongized by the capital many times. Anybody can get in to this school but only a few actually survive here. Tyler is a trained assassin who is excellant at everything, especially using his knives. He's attempting to train me to be able to land a knife on a target. Everyone at this school is either deathly afraid of him or completely in love with him, or both, but he never talks to anyone but me and a select few. In school he is incredibly mean, but that's just a cover...sort of. Other than not being able to hit a target at a range, I am one of the best female careers at this school. I am most known for my incredible stamina, stealth, strength, and fast reflexes. I only have two good friends, Tyler and my boyfriend, Derek. To other people I am the girl not to mess with, I am fierce and intimidating. Known to be dangerously reserved around people, except for Tyler and Derek. "You know I don't want to go into the arena!" I yell back, putting down the knife and laying down dramatically. "100 push-ups!" Tyler yells, giving me a supposed 'punishment' for making him mad. I don't move and continue to lay down so he pushes me over with his foot and screams, "Now!" I glare up at him. "Fine." I spit out and get into a better position on the floor, knocking out my 100 push-ups, no problem. "Tyler, I'm basically a master at hand to hand combat. Do I really need to know how to throw a knife?" I ask, my sassy side coming out. "Okay Alice, fine. How are you going to kill someone if they are 25 feet away? Huh?" Tyler asks me raising one eyebrow and crossing his arms over his chest. "Well, I can just run up to them before they know what hits them!" I say arguing back, I just want to go home. "And what if they have weapons? They'll get you, no problem." Tyler says, rolling his eyes. "Um, throwing knives isn't going to help me kill anybody up close." I point out, getting to my feet. I dust off my black jeans with my hands. "Fine." He says, throwing his hands up. "Let's train with hand to hand combat, me with my knives, you with your fists." He says, grabbing his favorite knives from his knife belt. "But, I'm tir-!" I start to complain before I am cut off. "You will do this now!" He yells and flips the knives in his hands. I sigh and get into position. "Ready? Set? Fight!" Tyler says, showing no emotion on his face, he is in training mode. He raises his left arm and I grab his wrist tightly to prevent him from stabbing me. I deliver a sharp blow with my other hand to his knee, causing him to collapse to the ground. I prepare to perform a kick to his head that would knock him out but he quickly rolls out of the way and takes a couple swipes at my legs as he stands back up. He aims the tip of the knife at my head and punches forward but luckily I bend back just in time so that the knife goes right over me. I reach up, grab his forearm, and then throw him over me doing a backbend in the process. Tyler grabs another knife from his belt and when he turns back around I do roundhouse kick, made to hit his head. Tyler ducks under my leg and makes a quick swipe at my arm, slicing my arm open from my shoulder down to my wrist, in a long, painful, but luckily shallow cut. I fall to the ground, dramatically clutching my arm to my stomach to apply pressure to the gash, soaking my black tank top with my blood. "I'm done with this!" I say annoyed, standing up and going into the bathroom fighting back the large urge to scream in both pain and frustration. "Geeze, calm down." Tyler says, acting like its no big deal. "Shut up!' I snap back, slamming the door loudly. I run my arm under cold water in the sink, hissing as the cut stings. After I clean off my arm, I am left with a long, shallow, red line down my arm, still very much raw. I groan and wrap up my entire arm in a bandage to keep it from getting infected. I look down at the leather watch on my wrist and realize that I only have an hour until Derek will be at my apartment to pick me up for our date. I walk back into the combat room to find Tyler throwing knives at a target, most likely mocking me. He turns around when I walk by and asks, "Where do you think you're going?" "Home." I reply simply, shrugging my shoulders and continuing to walk towards the door. "No, you're still training." Tyler replies, folding his arms over his chest. I turn around to reply to him. "You just cut my arm open and I'm going out with Derek tonight." I say raising my eyebrows, daring him to argue with me. Rarely does my sassy side come out. "Fine." Tyler sighs, shaking his head."Be home by 10!" He calls after me as I walk out the door. "Whatever." I answer, smiling and laughing lightly. I walk outside and I'm greeted with a loud, bustling District 1. I walk four remotely painful blocks and come to one of the many apartment complexes that over look the ECA campus. On the wall is one of the new propaganda posters for President Ray, the new dictator of the Districts. Walking up the flight of stairs, I sart to think about my date tonight. I can't help it, I'm a girl. Just because I'm tough and mean doesn't mean I don't love going on dates. I unlock my door, and go straight to the bathroom to shower and get ready to leave. I quickly pull on a strapless black dress that goes to my knees and pull on my signature leather jacket over always dress in black, no matter the ocassion. After I fix my hair into a slick ponytail, I lace up my combat boots and check the bandage on my arm. I hear a loud bold knock on my front door. I hurry out of the bathroom and quickly swing open the door. I look up and into the sparkling blue eyes that melt my heart every single day. Derek has short natural bleach blond hair and is strongly built, like every girl dreams her man would be. "Hey beautiful." He smiles, kissing me softly on the lips. I giggle, like I always do when I'm around him. When he pulls back he sees the bandage down my arm and looks at me with one eyebrow raised. "What did you do?" "Tyler cut my arm in training today. Don't worry, it's not too bad." I say shrugging and trying to kiss him again. He pulls away from my attempted kiss and wraps his arms around my waist instead. "You gotta focus babe, you know I hate it when you get hurt." He pouts. "I know, I'm sorry" I say half annoyed and half dreamily. "You don't want me to have to train you do you?" Derek jokes. My eyes widen and I say, "No! That's okay!" Sounding a bit frightened. Of all the careers, Derek is by far the strongest. He knows that I fear his strength in training, but he would never actually hurt me. He laughs and kisses my cheek and leads me out of my apartment, holding my hand. (Tyler's P.O.V.) I am awakened by the looud beeping of my alarm the next morning. Groaning, I put my pillow over my head to block out the annoying noise. My alarm continues to drone on and on, I have finally had enought of it. I instantly shoot up, grab a knife off of my bedside table, and throw it up at the target on the ceiling. Once again, I hit it right in the bulls eye like I do every morning. I press the small button on my alarm clock to stop the irritating beeping noise that it continued to make, then sit up and yawn. As I climb out of my queen sized bed, I grab two daggers which I hide inside the waistband of my jeans. I also grab my famous belt of throwing knives and position it across my torso to where I can easily grab one to throw at anyone who gets on my nerves. I make my way across my bedroom and into my kitchen where I find Alice sitting at the table eating cereal. "Okay, why are you in my apartment?" I ask, bewildered. I notice she is wearing something similar to what she wears everyday; black tank top, leather jacket, black jeans, and combat boots. Honestly, there's not much else you can wear when you attend ECA. "You gave me a key." She replies nonchalantley and continues to eat my cereal. "Yeah, for emergencies only!" I say with a slight smile, shaking my head. "I was out of cereal! Doesn't that qualify as an emergency?" She says with a serious expression. I laugh out loud, she does stuff like this all the time. I don't know how I could survive this school without her. Alice does stuff like this all the time, she is the only person who can make me laugh these days. "Anyway, do you really