The Only One by Roff Chapter One I had just completed my fifth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, a magical boarding school located in Scotland. I was now back at home with my relatives, the Dursleys, a situation that left me feeling nauseated at best and desperately angry at the worst. Normally, I would have rather stayed at Hogwarts or with one of my friends for the summer instead of going home to my relatives but this year it was different. You see, I screwed up. I fell for a trick played on me by the dark wizard Voldemort. I've known for a long time that he wanted to kill me but no one bothered to enlighten me as to why until a few days ago. That had to be the worst day of my life and believe me I've had some doozies. Just prior to the nice chat I shared with Professor Dumbledore, my school's Headmaster, I'd led five of my friends to the Ministry of Magic and into the Department of Mysteries to save my godfather from Voldemort who was torturing him, according to the vision I had anyway. The only problem was my godfather Sirius Black did not need saving. He wasn't even there. It was all a trick by Lord Voldemort who put images into my head to convince me to go to the Ministry and retrieve a prophecy made about the two of us. We ran into about a dozen of his Death Eaters and fought them all over the Department of Mysteries before the Order of the Phoenix showed up to save us. Sirius was leading the Order when they arrived, anxious to save me from my own stupidity. All my friends were injured, some very seriously, during our fight with the Death Eaters. If it weren't for the Order showing up we likely would have all been killed and it would have been my fault just like it was my fault that Sirius had to come and save me from myself. Unfortunately, his own cousin, Bellatrix Lestrange, killed Sirius and he fell through the Veil of Death when her spell hit him. I caught up with her in the Ministry Atrium and tried to punish her for it but I didn't have what it takes to follow through with it. Fortunately, for her, she was saved by Voldemort who showed up and told me I had to mean it before those kinds of spells would work. Unfortunately, for him, Dumbledore showed up and took on the dark lord for me. They pretty much fought to a standstill and Voldemort managed to possess me for a bit to try and get the upper hand. It didn't work because I figured out if he can send images to me then I could send images to him, especially when he's already inside my head. I picked some good ones I knew he wouldn't like and shared with him all the love I had for Sirius and my friends. He left pretty quickly after that. Even though the aurors arrived with Minister Fudge, he managed to get away and he took his favorite Death Eater, Bellatrix, with him to places unknown. Dumbledore sent my friends and me back to Hogwarts and to Madame Pomfrey to get us patched up. He met with me in his office when he arrived back at the castle. Even though the prophecy I picked up was smashed during the fight Dumbledore told me what it said. Turns out, he was the one the prophecy was given to when it was made. After I heard it, and he explained that he believed it meant that I am the only one who can kill Voldemort, I trashed his belongings the best I could when my magic lashed out all over his office everywhere, except at him. I was so angry with him for keeping this secret from me, for not telling me that Voldemort could trick me like that. If I had known, I could have avoided going to the Ministry and getting Sirius killed. Dumbledore had a lot of fancy instruments and silver trinkets all over his office. I doubt I left one fully functional. The odd part was he just sat there all calm and collected and let me destroy his office and belongings. His calm demeanor just upset me more so I left and stormed out of his office when I ran out of items to break. I was afraid I would go too far and attack him. I was that upset and now, as I understand it, I have to kill Voldemort since I am the only one who can do it. Either that or I'll be killed by him. Perfect. When Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley picked me up at Kings Cross they took one look at my face after I sat down in the back seat of the car and promptly ignored me all the way home. They knew something was wrong but they decided not to be interested. That was just fine with me. I wasn't in the mood for talking or dealing with them anyway. I swore to myself that if they call me freak one time before we got home I was going to curse them all to oblivion. Maybe we would all die in a car crash if I did. Their deaths would be justified and my suffering would be over. Trouble is I didn't really want them dead. I've never liked them because of the way they abused me all my life or at least since coming to live with them when I was 15 months old. Having them die was not my wish. Never living with them again would work for me just fine though. I could only think of one person and his followers that I wished would die. Oh yeah, I had no problem wishing for his death and his number one follower was of particular interest to me. For the next few days, besides showers, bathroom breaks, and only a little food, I stayed in my room thinking about the prophecy. Oh occasionally my owl Hedwig would nip my fingers to get my attention and insist I talk to her but other than that I concentrated on the prophecy and figuring out what it really means. Prophecies are notorious for being vague and usually it isn't until after it's fulfilled that anyone recognizes the full meaning. However, Dumbledore said that it means I am the only one who'll be able to kill Voldemort and Dumbledore's known the prophecy for about 16 years. That's plenty of time to get a handle on what it possibly means. In addition, Dumbledore is well known for his intellect. Even his guesses usually work out and come true. But, is he right about this? The prophecy says – " THE ONE WITH THE POWER TO VANQUISH THE DARK LORD APPROACHES. . . . BORN TO THOSE WHO HAVE THRICE DEFIED HIM, BORN AS THE SEVENTH MONTH DIES . . . AND THE DARK LORD WILL MARK HIM AS HIS EQUAL, BUT HE WILL HAVE POWER THE DARK LORD KNOWS NOT . . . AND EITHER MUST DIE AT THE HAND OF THE OTHER FOR NEITHER CAN LIVE WHILE THE OTHER SURVIVES. . . . THE ONE WITH THE POWER TO VANQUISH THE DARK LORD WILL BE BORN AS THE SEVENTH MONTH DIES . . ." "Either must die at the hand of the other. Either. must. die. at the hand. of the other. Perhaps Dumbledore was right. If this prophecy is real then I am the only one who can kill Voldemort." "…Wait a second, it says 'either must die' so if I'm the only who can kill Voldemort wouldn't it stand to reason that the prophecy also means that Voldemort is the only one who can kill me? It's saying that one of us will kill the other in the end. That would mean I can't die until then, right?" "If that's true then how far does that go? Could I fight Death Eaters and they won't be able to kill me? Well, that may be but they could still capture me and take me to Voldemort who could kill me. This could get tricky." I thought it over some more. "They could also torture me for a long time without killing me. None of that sounds like fun." I set my mind to working on the details and trying to cover all my bases before I bought into my theory and took any action. Truth be told, with no parents left and my one surrogate parent recently killed as well, I was not all that chuffed about being killed myself. Plus, living with my relatives was way past what I wanted to continue to put up with. I was still deep in mourning over Sirius and testing my theory out on some Death Eaters did not feel all that farfetched for me to try, to be honest. If it doesn't work then I'll simply join up with my parents and Sirius in the afterlife. No big deal, given my life as it is right now. However, if it works I will know that the prophecy is absolutely true and can prepare accordingly. It would certainly be nice to take out all of Voldemort's followers so he's the only one left. That sure would make it a lot easier to kill him. The problem though is I need more work on my fighting skills. I've improved a lot and even taught the D.A. this past year when we had that toad of a teacher who refused to teach. Still I have to improve if I plan to take on fully trained Death Eaters. I don't want to be tortured and turned over to Voldemort. He could definitely kill me. Maybe playing it smart would help me too? Could there be any Muggle ways to fight Death Eaters? Something they wouldn't expect but give me an edge, an advantage? I would have to look into that. After a week of planning and finding my feelings had not lessened at all, I decided it was time to make some changes. First, I needed to get to Gringotts and get some money. If I were going to leave Privet Drive and take on some Death Eaters then I would need that. Maybe the goblins could help me some too if I asked properly. Surely, they know people who could help me or point me in the right direction. To hide my intentions I had also started working hard on my Occlumency. Snape was a horrible teacher and never really taught me anything that helpful during our lessons but I've experienced his and Voldemort's intrusions into my mind enough times to know what that feels like. I also knew what it feels like to enter someone else's mind. I had done that to Snape when I put up a shield and made his Legilimency spell backfire on him. I managed to see his memories for a brief time. Of course, that's when my lessons ended. In truth, I wasn't all that upset about it. I worked with what I did know and what I'd figured out. Snape had only told me to clear my mind each time before he attacked but that helped me some, although it took a good while to actually accomplish that. What I needed was a good book on Occlumency to help me further. I'm not sure why Snape never recommended a book to use. I suppose that would have been too helpful and he would have had less time to inflict pain on me, the sadistic git. Yes, a trip to Gringotts was in order. If I didn't do something soon I was going to go crazy. But, how to get there? I've taken the Knight Bus before but I'd have to get past my minders who were