B ella Swan's heart raced at the stupidity of her current predicament. She had purposely dropped the wrong name at the wrong time to the wrong person to get the attention of the most dangerous man on the East Coast. Now, standing in the dark on the shore of the Hudson, she was here to pay the piper. Stupid Girl. "Desperate times … desperate measures," she whispered. As the wind coming off the river whipped around her, Bella played back the last time she had been in Carlisle's presence, the last time she had been 'in,' the last time she had access to the only man she would ever love. ~ "You fucked up, Bella—almost got him killed. This is no place for you. You make him weak," he growled as he pulled her out of the car. She glared at him but knew he was right. She was a liability, a weak spot in the defenses of the man they both valued. As he took her elbow and escorted her to the pier where a boat was waiting, he continued, "He wants you out. He made it clear. We will be monitoring you. If the wind shifts in your direction, we'll come for you. And have no misconception, Girly; it will be me that pulls the trigger." She acknowledged the steel in the man's threat with a nod. " Well, it will be nice to see one friendly face when I die," she volleyed with a smirk. He laughed and shook his head, "I'm gonna miss that mouth of yours." " Likewise, Mr. Cullen, I'll see you around," she threw over her shoulder as she walked away from the lethal watchdog of the Mafia kingpin, Edward Masen. ~ The sound of gravel crunching under a car's tires snapped her back to the present. With her heart pounding, she scrambled to grasp the fleeting thread of bravery as she listened to the doors slamming and the ominous footfall of several men. As she turned toward the sounds, he was there, walking out of the swirling fog, flanked by two of Edward's soldiers. "What the hell have you done, Bella?" he barked. "I need a sit down with him, Carlisle," she said struggling to keep her voice level. "No, you're out, Girly, stay out," he said with heated anger. "I need back in," she countered. Carlisle glared down at her, his gloved hand working into a fist when the burly thug to his left moved to answer his phone. "Sir," he said in a hushed tone and stepped away from the ring of confrontation. Bella continued to hold Carlisle's heated gaze while her heart raced and stomach churned. "No sir, he's in a talk," Thug 1 said with his head lowered. Carlisle swallowed thickly, "You had to go stirring up trouble, you fuckin' …" "No sir, no—not them, it's a 'Girly,'" the man said. As he listened to the words of fury at the other end, his head shot up to take in Carlisle's rigid stance. When he stepped back into the ring of people, Carlisle was shaking his head as he pulled his gun from its holster to rest against his thigh. Thug 1 shrugged in apology to Carlisle as he held his cell phone out to the woman. "He wants to talk to you, miss," he said as he pulled his gun and pointed it at Carlisle's chest. "Sorry sir, Boss just needs me to make sure you make no mistakes—his words. Please return your gun carefully to your holster and place both hands in front of you." Bella licked her lips and brought the phone to her ear. "Hello," she said haltingly. "Baby, did he hurt you? Are you all right?" Edward rushed out in relief. She closed her eyes soaking up the warmth of his voice, "I'm fine, Edward, Carlisle was just trying to protect you …" "Don't—don't defend his actions, Bella. Goddamn it, he was going to kill you tonight! Why the hell did you contact him? You stupid, fuckin' woman." She flinched at his words. "I need a sit-down, Mr. Masen. I had to risk it going wrong," she said, her voice only wavering at the end. "A sit-down—what the hell are you playing at, Bella?" he asked. It hit her—what she heard in the background—the rev of a car engine. She straightened, "You're keeping me talking until you get here to sort this out yourself. Carlisle told me you'd be pissed if anyone else finished the job," she accused. "Shut the fuck up!" he yelled into her ear. She closed her eyes willing herself to keep it together. "I'm right here, Mr. Masen. Come and get me," she challenged and ended the call handing the phone back to Thug 1. That moment of distraction was all Carlisle needed to move on him. He pushed the gun up, and it went off as he wrenched it out of the large man's hand. Thug 2, previously all but forgotten, stepped behind Carlisle and calmly hit him over the head, catching him and laying him gently on the ground. "Fuck, Pauly, we're going to be in so much shit. Carlisle is going to kill us," Thug 1 whisper-shouted to Thug 2. "Worry about me, boys," Edward's voice broke through the darkness as his menacing form loomed before them. "Sir," they replied in unison, standing straighter. Bella rolled her eyes before letting them rest on the man who held her fate in his hands. God, she'd missed him. "You ..." she started, but Edward grabbed her by the shoulders, shaking her hard before crushing her to his chest. The impact of his embrace sent her reeling back three years. ~ "See you tomorrow, Rosie," Bella said as she grabbed her courier bag and with a wave stepped off the subway train. Hitching her bag on her shoulder, she began the six block trek to her walk-up on 19 th St. She stepped into the crosswalk as a dark car whipped around the corner from an alley and came to a screeching halt inches from impact. Two men in black suits emerged menacingly from the back of the car. " What the fuck is your problem, girl?" the man with the fedora shouted. Scared but angry, she yelled back, "Pedestrians have the right of way. What the fuck is your problem?" Fedora frowned, taking a step toward her but his mouth relaxed into a sly grin as she turned and slammed into a wall of a man. She looked up into emerald green eyes sparkling with humor. " Excuse me, miss; I'm sorry if my friends startled you." His velvet voice washed over her as he ran his hand down her arm before stepping back. He was tall and stately, but as she looked back at the black car with the three dangerous men, her internal warning bell sounded. He held her elbow, and a look of concern washed over his face. "Are you all right, Miss …?" " I'm fine, thank you, I'm just going to continue on my way and leave you to your evening." She smirked as if she would give this stranger her name. He shrugged with a mischievous grin and she smiled at his boyish charms. He smiled back, running his thumb over her arm. Their eyes held, and she could almost hear the sigh rippling through her heart. What a shame he's no good. As if he could read her thoughts, she watched his smile fade as his eyes cooled. He stepped to the side and with a nod he said, "Have a good evening, ma'am." His sudden formality startled her. " Yes, well—um—you too." She smiled shyly and with a wave to the three dark figures in the car, she continued with shaky legs. ~ Edward pulled back from his embrace but kept her close. He pushed her sandy hair away from her face and looked into her startled, light brown eyes. "My God, Bella, I could've lost you tonight," he breathed. "You're not mad?" she ran her fingers under the cuff of his sleeve, her nails lightly scratching the tender skin of his wrist. "Oh, I'm furious, baby," he said as his eyes bore into her. "I'm a man of action; you know that, if you know nothing else, you can count on that." His grip on her arms tightened and he continued, "I'll get answers tonight and then I will get retribution." His hands dropped as he stepped back from her. "Collin!" "Yes, sir," Thug 1 barked and stepped forward. "Take her to my car. Do not touch her unless she resists, then use only the force necessary to contain her." His stone-cold eyes never left her as he spoke. "I won't fight this, Edward," she whispered as her small frame shook uncontrollably. He took a step toward her, closed his eyes as his hands fisted, and motioned for Collin to step in. Collin stepped forward for Bella to follow him. "Stop," Edward looked from Collin to Pauly, "if anything of this meeting gets out, I will end both of you," he looked from one to the other, "so now you are your brother's keeper." They echoed back "Yes, sir," and Collin motioned for Bella to proceed to the waiting car. She had caught the word 'downtown' before it was carried away on the wind as Collin ushered her into the still warm confines of the leather interior of Edward's sleek, black, Maserati Quattroporte. She leaned her head against the cushioned back, watching Edward gesticulating over Carlisle's prostrate body as Pauly began rolling Carlisle into position to lift him. Collin shifted in front of her door, his broad back blocking her view. She closed her eyes and willed her nerves to calm. 'Downtown' was a code word for the sub-level of a warehouse. Perhaps that was where Bella would die—by her beloved's hands. She smiled bitterly, wanting Edward's face to be the last one she saw. As twisted as it seemed, Bella wanted her end to come from him, no one but him. A sob escaped, and she swallowed deeply to silence her fears, willing her mind to happier times. ~ He and Fedora came waltzing into the restaurant where she worked two nights after the infamous run-in and asked for seating in Isabella Swan's area. She approached the table on shaky legs. As Fedora straightened his silverware on the linen tablecloth, she opened her dry mouth to speak. " Isabella, it's so good to see you again," Ol' Green Eyes said. She inwardly shook herself to get her bearings. " How do you know my name, sir?" The answer dawned as she placed the question mark at the end of the sentence. She glared at him. "You're the bastard that stole my wallet." He barked out a laugh and looked to Fedora, inviting him to enjoy the joke with him; a complimentary grin was all he received. He looked back to the feisty, hissing kitten and his heart tugged painfully. She cocked an eyebrow and waited. " Oh, I can assure you, Miss Swan, my parentage is well established," he smirked and looked at Fedora. "Carlisle, return Miss Swan's belongings," he said and returned his gaze to linger on her. "One of my friends found it on the street after we had the pleasure of making your acquaintance." He smiled as if he believed that pile of crap. She snatched her wallet from Carlisle's hand and resisted the urge to open it. Green Eyes' voice, low and smooth, washed over her, "You can open it, love. It's all there." She shook her head knowing what was inside: a five, six ones, a subway pass, a library card and a stale stick of Juicy Fruit. " No, I trust you, Mr. Good Samaritan. Who would go to such great lengths to return a stripped wallet?" she shrugged it off with an air of casualness she did not currently possess. He