Chapter One October 29, 1883 " S he's beautiful, my son, and has grown into a fine young woman. Her people all perished in the Chicago fire, and she was brought down to Camerons' Place out of a foundling home in Springfield when she was nine or so. When she came of age, she stayed on and now I think it's time I introduced you to the one I've chosen for you." A wrinkled hand lifted a cut-crystal tumbler to feeble lips. The young man sat forward in his seat across from his aged father, "Sir, I respect your insight and vision for me, but I decline your help in securing my happiness. My life is as it is. Who am I to dictate fate?" "She is coming for a few days to help set up the Harvest Ball. All I ask is that you take note of her. She's the one, Edward. I know it." The old man leaned forward red faced as a coughing fit seized him. "Alright father, as you wish—please don't distress yourself. I'll give my attentions to the girl, but I can make no promises," Edward said. Fighting to breathe, his father leaned back in his chair closing his eyes. "That is all I ask, my son," he rasped out. ~o0o~ Ol' Charlie snatched a biscuit from the cooling rack before dropping into a straight-back kitchen chair. "I don't like it one bit, Renny. What is Mr. Cameron thinkin'? It ain't fittin' for a good girl such as herself to be out among strangers without her own around her." He wiped the crumbs off his shirt not minding the ones clinging to his full mustache. Renny moved the cooling rack farther away from pilfering hands before she spoke, "This would be her chance, Charlie. She's marryin' age now. It wouldn't be right to hold her back. I read her cards last night, and her tea leaves this mornin'" she reassured, "this is her time to go out and make her way." He patted Renny's rump appreciatively as she placed a mug of coffee in front of him with a knowing smile. "Did you see anything amiss?" he asked as he took a tentative sip. "No, well, there is one setback, but she gets to the other side of it and is better for it, I'm sure," Renny said over her shoulder as she kneaded dough on a floured board. Ol' Charlie saw the object of their conversation bound down the servants' staircase, and his face brightened as he sat up straight. "Good morning, Miss Bella," Renny smiled and gave the girl a hug. "Good morning, Renny. Good morning, Charlie. It's a fine day for a ride, is it not?" the girl said vibrating with excitement. "I don't like it," Ol' Charlie mumbled as he stood and claimed his dusty slouch hat from the table. Renny tsked indulgently and winked at Bella. "Come sit and get some vittles in 'ya, girl while Ol' Charlie goes and hitches up the mules." ~o0o~ "Uncle Carlisle, I still don't understand why you are going to so much fuss to have this ball after so many years without it, and in your health." The young man shook his head as he stood on the balcony overlooking the servants dragging wicker furniture across the lawn, upturning the pieces to scrub. "I have my reasons, one being, that you are home from university and ready to take over the reins of this place; that alone deserves a celebration. The young ladies and their mothers will be lined up to make your acquaintance. Secondly, I'd like to see this place decked out in its finery one last time," the old man said as he dreamily watched his wife in a walled garden move among the rose bushes she loved. "Of course, sir, I'll help in every way possible," James said as he rested his hands on the railing. An old hand patted his, "Thank you, James." ~o0o~ Bella sat on the plank seat of the buckboard holding a pumpkin pie in her hands. Its residual heat warmed her lap. She wore her drab brown dress with its turned cuffs, worn but clean, and smoothed her skirt with shaking hands, taking a deep breath. Charlie clucked at the mules as they bumped and jostled to Cullens' Point Plantation. "No good will come of this, mark my words," he mumbled under his breath. "Don't worry yourself, Charlie. I'll be busy working. I promise I'll stay out of trouble," Bella said soothingly as she patted Ol' Charlie's calloused hand. As they came around the bend of the road, the morning sun filtered through the live oaks. She watched the cool breeze stir the Spanish moss into dance and felt it touch and cool her neck. She fancied even the trees were welcoming her onto the beautiful old plantation and smiled as she lifted her face to the breeze. A body could be happy here, she thought. When the mansion came into view, Ol' Charlie removed his hat and gruffed out, "Mind what manners you have, girl, and—and send word if you have need. I'll be here as soon as can be if you send word." "Yes, Charlie," she murmured squeezing his hand lovingly and taking a deep settling breath. As she looked over the house's grand façade, her eye caught movement in the third story window and looked in time to see a curtain flutter behind the red and orange reflection of the morning sun. Charlie took them past the house with its grand pillars and wide porches, to the barn near a large kitchen garden in the back. At the barn, he stepped down, tying the mules to the railing and disappeared into the barn to get help in unloading the pumpkins from the wagon. Bella sat still pondering what to do. How was she to dismount the wagon without ruining the pie? As she sat deep in thought, a cool hand touched her hand, startling her. "Forgive me, ma'am; I did not mean to alarm. May I be of assistance?" a smooth, genteel voice asked. She looked down into crystal blue eyes. "Oh, would you be so kind as to hold my pie?" she frowned. "Of course," the man said as he held out his hand. She placed the pie in his extended hand and was surprised to see his other hand offered in assistance. She hesitated before taking it and stepped down to the wheel axle. Once on the ground, the man towered over her. He was gentry and had a polished, entitled air; from his perfectly coiffed blond hair and well-tailored clothes to his hands, though strong, manicured and smooth. She stepped forward to reclaim her pie but hesitated to move closer. He smiled softly, "Do not be frightened, Miss," he said as he stepped closer and handed her the pie. "May I escort you to the kitchen? James A. Cullen, at your service, ma'am," he said with the flourish of a low bow. "Isabella Marie Swan, but you are mistaken, sir, I am a servant from Camerons' Place. I'm here to help with the preparations for the Harvest Ball. I'll not trouble you more. I'm sure I can find the kitchen fine," she said with a slight bob. "Nonsense, I want to see if Molly has finished the bread puddin'. You give me an excuse to be underfoot," he declared with a broad smile. When he reclaimed the pie, she had no recourse but to follow him to the side door beyond the garden. Near the door, Mr. Cullen seemed to trip on thin air but managed to keep the pie safe while regaining his balance, earning a grateful smile from Bella. "Molly, you hide the bread puddin'!" A deep, female voice bellowed as the screen door creaked announcing their arrival. Bella froze at Mr. Cullen's side, but he rested a reassuring hand on her elbow and ushered her ahead of him through the kitchen door. "Now Mrs. Cope, you're scaring our lovely guest. Square your cap and behave, woman," Mr. Cullen said with copious charm. Mrs. Cope lifted her large frame from the kitchen work table to see the visitor up close. She swatted at Mr. Cullen's attempt to kiss her cheek and took Bella by the hands towing her to stand directly in front of her. The dark brown eyes of an old soul took their time surveying the girl's clean, worn, leather shoes and worked their way up to the carefully pinned mass of hair. "Well, you'll do girl." She patted the tiny hand between her own broad, calloused ones. "You'll do just fine, just fine," Mrs. Cope nodded her scarf wrapped head. Bella felt the woman drifting from them in thought but stayed still waiting to be released. Mr. Cullen seemed to have felt the drifting as well and fidgeted next to Bella. "Oh do be still, Mr. James," Mrs. Cope bit out as she patted Bella's hand again before dropping it. She returned to her seat behind a pile of pea pods before speaking over her shoulder, "Molly give the boy one cup of the puddin' and send him on his way." Looking at Mr. Cullen, she added, "And don't you pester poor Molly for more." Mr. Cullen winked when he handed the pie to Bella and clapped his hands, rubbing them together as he danced his way across the wide stone floor, herding a flustered servant girl into the butler pantry. When the kitchen stilled, Mrs. Cope pushed out a seat next to her at the heavy, wooden table. "Sit you down, child." Bella stepped forward and placed the pie near Mrs. Cope, before sitting in the seat offered. "Thank you, ma'am, may I help you with the shelling?" Bella asked. Mrs. Cope sniffed the pie appreciatively. "Cinnamon," she said and set it on the far side of the table. "I hope you have a fondness for the spice," Bella said as she squeezed a pod and flicked the exposed peas into the heavy earthen mixing bowl with her thumbnail causing a light 'ping' to echo off the bowl's wall. "Oh, yes, cinnamon without nutmeg reminds me more of sweet 'tata pie," Mrs. Cope smiled fondly. "That's the way of the kitchen I grew up in," Bella agreed. They shelled peas in companionable silence in the warm kitchen for some time before Mrs. Cope spoke. "I'm sorry child; Mr. Cullen is not known for following social proprieties. Introductions were never made," she said patting the girl's hand, "I'm Mrs. Cope, the head cook for this home for nigh on forty years. I'm glad you're here and thankful for the extra hands, for sartin'." "Oh, of course, I'm Isabella Marie Swan. It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance Mrs. Cope." Bella smiled kindly and continued the task before her. She saw Mrs. Cope cut a look to the shadowed corner of the room, but when Bella turned to look, the corner was empty. "You're a servant at Camerons' Place, you say?" Mrs. Cope led. "Yes, ma'am, the Camerons were kind enough to take me on as a foundling until my eighteenth birthday," Bella said with her head bent to the task. "And when might that be?" Mrs. Cope asked as she grabbed a basket whisking the empty ones away before dumping a basket of fresh pods on the table. Bella picked up the closest one on the new pile, squeezing and flicking, "That was last year. I'll be nineteen in two weeks. I'll stay on with wages until a request is made for my hand, I suppose." Bella shrugged slightly, the pod slipping from her hand sending the green peas rolling in odd directions across the table. "Mrs. Cope laughed at the sight. "You're lovely and hardworking; I'm sure a most fortuitous match will be made, dear. Can you bring me that bowl from over yonder? I'll catch the runaway peas," she said casually. Bella moved