Daughter of the Gods Leda stood silhouetted against the rising sun at the edge of Mount Olympus, watching the mortals of the realm below. A girl of gentle soul worked to open a stubborn umbrella over one of the tables of her family's seaside cafe. As she frowned over her work, she was oblivious to the wind playing with her hair or the sun's rays reaching to embrace her and draw her away to follow her fancies. She continued with a firm determination to wipe each table as the sea called to her from the shore below. " She is a lovely, worthy, mortal, my king." Leda's quiet longing tugged at Zeus' worn but still serviceable heart. With the flick of his finger, he drew the fair Leda onto his lap. "She looks like you, my love, the first time I came to you," he said as his arms snaked around her. He smiled at the memory of coming to her in the guise of a swan to seduce and claim and ran his hand under her collar, capturing a breast. She sighed at the fond memory and leaned into him, kissing his neck. " Her name is Isavela Kyknos (Isabella Swan), sire, descended from our Helen," she whispered. She smiled as his broad chest rumbled with mirth beneath her cheek. He rolled her nipple contemplatively, "Is she, now? I can see the beauty of Helen resting on her," he said nodding before taking the tip of her ear between his teeth as he ran his tongue along the back, letting his hot breath spill down her neck and smiled at her shiver. " She is a daughter of the gods, Zeus. She should find happiness in her mortal realm," she said as she melted into him. " Would that please you, my love?" Zeus asked as he spread his hand low on her soft abdomen. " Y—yes, it would please me greatly to see her happy," she sighed. " Then let it be by your hand, my fair Leda, and the throne will sit content," he decreed as he tilted her head for access to her long slender neck. She turned in his lap, tangling her fingers in his long, flowing beard, drawing his mouth to hers. " Thank you, my king," she whispered against his warm, full lips. " For you, my love, anything," he said before claiming her luscious mouth. ~o0o~ Edward Cullen stood on his narrow balcony with his face lifted to the morning sun as he breathed in the crisp, Mediterranean air. His first day of holiday in Greece promised to be glorious. As he looked over the white rooftops of stone buildings hugging the coastline contrasting with the blue of the shimmering sea and cloudless sky he could see the inspiration for the Greek flag. He took another blissful breath just as movement below caught his eye. A small, curvy figure wrestled an unyielding umbrella at a café across the road from his hotel. He leaned his forearms on the railing and watched with fascination as her skirt inched up her smooth thighs as she angled over the table. With a pop, the umbrella yielded and sent her stumbling backward. His heart caught in his throat as he watched to see if she would fall. She bumped against a table before righting herself and tossing her glossy mane over her shoulders in annoyance. He relaxed back against the railing as she grabbed a towel and began wiping the tables with an energy of thinly veiled frustration. Edward watched with rapt appreciation as her breasts jiggled with her effort. With a slap of the towel on her thigh, she turned toward the café and Edward knew his show was over. Seeing her turn the 'OPEN' sign around made him realize he really should indulge in an authentic Greek breakfast. ~o0o~ " Geia sou, na tin parakolouthísete , na sas xegelásei!" (Hey, watch it, you fool!) Edward watched the vivacious waitress swat at the swarthy, olive skinned demi-god snaking his hand up the back of her skirt. She smacked the back of his head as he flashed white teeth and his chest rumbled a deep chuckle. Apparently enjoying ruffling her feathers, he leaned forward, licking his lips suggestively as she moved out of arms reach to return to the café's kitchen. "Let me guess, Speedo model?" Edward muttered toward the table next to him. The young man frowned at the foreigner and then, catching the humor, broke into a wide grin. The waitress returned with her tormentor's meal. Expertly swerving around his tentacled reach, she dropped his plate with a thud before moving toward Edward's table. She was so much prettier up close. Pretty wasn't the right word. She reminded him of a young Monica Bellucci; innocent beauty encased in a seductive, hour-glass form. He sat up straighter as she approached. With a glare over her shoulder, she surprised Edward by dropping her curvy form into the chair across the table from him. Ricco Suave's face sobered before he started laughing again. "Emeís páme gia na pantrefteí , o patéras eípate , Isa." (We're going to wed, your Papa said, Isa) She flipped her hair and waved a dismissive hand in his direction. "I mitéra eípe páno apó nekró sóma tis, Nikko." (Mama said over her dead body, Nikko.) He growled more laughter as he made a show of pulling his thick curls into a man bun, making sure to flex his chest and arm muscles in the process. She tsked dismissively and turned her attention on the foreigner, "Don't mind Nikko. He's a child trapped in a man's body." She pushed the loosened wisps of hair out of her face before really looking at the man sitting across from her. She cocked her head. "On holiday?" He smiled at her distracted rambling, "Yes, I just came from Italy for some vacation time in Greece." Birdlike, she cocked her head the other direction, "But you're American," she stated. He sat back, crossing his arms over his chest. "I was in the regatta last week." "American?" "No, I was on the Italian crew for Vento Amare ," he said as he ran a finger around the rim of his water glass. She reached behind her to a service cart and splashed water into his glass from a silver pitcher. "Vincent Aro's boat, you came in third?" she asked over her shoulder as she stretched to return the pitcher to the cart. He paused, admiring the expanse of curves on display before answering, "Yes, you know about yacht racing?" A deep voice came from behind him causing Edward to jump. "Her papa and uncles have forgotten more than you'll ever know about boats, Skinny Boy." Nikko rumbled before bending forward and sliding a kiss across Isa's cheek. " Antío, Isa," (Goodbye, Isa) he cooed as she pushed at his solid form. Nikko straightened and gave Edward a shriveling look before strutting down the boardwalk, turning heads in his wake. She stole a peek at the handsome foreigner's profile as he watched Nikko walk away. "My name is Isavela, Isa," she said hoping to draw his attention back to her. "Isa," he grinned, "I'm Edward Cullen, Edward, it's nice to make your acquaintance" and smiled wider as she blushed and dropped her gaze. Edward felt like beating his chest. Nikko didn't bring on Isa's blush. Game on you Greek bastard, he thought. Her sudden movement startled him out of his reverie. "I'm sorry, I'm sure you must be hungry," she blurted as she stood. He felt the sting of disappointed by her sudden distance. "Um, yes, I was hoping for an authentic Greek breakfast, what do you recommend, Isa?" he asked with a gentle voice. She bit her lip. "Light or heavy?" she asked. "Um, light," he said tucking his head to try and catch her eye. She sighed and made herself look at the handsome stranger who would be here and then gone and again felt the rush and pang before she forced a polite smile. "Mama makes a light plate of honey drizzled rice pudding, fresh fruits, breads, soft cheese and thyme butter," she said as she tucked a wavy strand behind her ear. That sounds nice, Isa," he said. "Yes, right away, sir," she murmured and hurried toward the café. What just happened? She went from sitting at his table shooting the breeze to 'sir'. How did he mess up? He replayed the whole meeting and wondered if there was more between Isa and that Nikko guy than he first thought. Maybe she was just flirting with the American to get the Greek gorilla jealous. He looked up at the approach of soft footfall to see a mature Monica Belluci carrying a tray toward him.Obviously, the apple didn't fall far from the tree and what a phenomenal family tree it was! He sat up stiffly in his seat as she leaned closely to place his food carefully before him. "Hello, Et-wad, I am the Mama. You call me Renee. I make your breakfast. My Isa says you're a handsome face. I come to see for myself." She laughed lightly and patted his shoulder before straightening, breaking the spell. He gathered his scattered wits and cleared his throat. "Um, your daughter is quite lovely, I appreciate the compliment, ma'am." She placed her hand on her very ample hip, studying him. "Are you a good boy, Et-wad?" She tossed at him with an arched brow. He liked this woman. She was smoke and spice, a little crazy wrapped in tempting curves. He flashed a cheeky smile, "Well, I'd say not as good as a monk, but no worse than a drunk—ma'am." He was rewarded with a rich, throaty laugh as she threw her head back showing him her long graceful neck. Damn, but her husband was a lucky man. She sighed and patted his cheek, "I like you, American. You come, eat here while you're on holiday, yes?" "Yes, ma'am, I'll gladly be back." Realizing he was leaning forward, he made himself sit back. "Good, that pleases me, Et-wad," she flashed him a bright smile as she picked up the tray and sashayed toward the kitchen. He settled into eating. The rice pudding was creamy, and the fruit and cheese played off each other dancing across his palette. When he'd had his fill, he put his napkin next to his plate and looked out over the water with a satisfied sigh. Happy—he was happy here. His mom would be pleased, he thought. A secret smile softened his features as he shared a moment with her and the sun and water she so loved. A demitasse cup of thick, aromatic Turkish coffee with two chocolate sticks gracing the saucer slipped in front of him. He looked up to find the lovely Isa framed in the morning sun. Stunned, he whispered a "thank you." She gave him a smile with a sweet, "You're most welcome, Edward," in return. ~o0o~ "Mama don't, please. He is a handsome man, yes, but he will leave; there is no use in falling for a pretty face," Isa lowered her voice even though she was confident Edward didn't speak Greek fluently. "I know if you won't fall for the charms of Nikko, you are looking for more, Isa. I just want you to enjoy what happiness life offers." Renee said with a gentle hand running down her daughter's arm. Isa shook her head at her mother's infuriatingly easy manner and looked across the sunny tables to the American. Edward was looking out across the water with a tender, loving expression painted across his face. Isa's breath hitched, whoever she was, this woman he thought of was blessed to have such a man think of her so. Knowing he loved another so deeply gave Isa a sense of freedom. Edward would not pursue her while his heart was full of another. She could just enjoy him