Solitaire ~o0o~ E dward stood in the center of the empty living room. His life seemed to have chosen the path less traveled, off-roading with him duct taped in the trunk. He sighed heavily, put down the box, and exited the townhouse to retrieve another from his SUV. In the recesses of his Traverse, he bumped his head when he heard voices from the porch next door. "Bella, get your lazy ass out here. You're going to make me late again," a male voice bellowed. Edward just had time to stand before a girl came bounding out the front door, blonde hair flying around her as she chased the elusive sleeve of her hoodie. Edward smiled at her circular dance. "Sorry Mikey, I lost track," she said. "Your head floats behind you on a string," he said gruffly as he grabbed her ass and pulled her against his broad, muscled chest. Smacking her ass sharply, he let her go but stopped her retreat to unbutton the top two buttons of her racerback tank. "That's better, always pays to advertise, babe," the muscle head said, laughing at his joke. Edward looked between the jerk and the girl. Her glossy blonde hair flirted with the waistline of her painted on jeans. There appeared to be no sign of hurt or anger over this man's treatment. She simply remained focused on the hoodie. "The first two minutes are free." "What?" Edward gasped, snapped out of his musings to see the man staring at him with arms crossed over his unnaturally broad chest with the girl in the passenger seat of the Jeep. "You were staring at my woman. The first two minutes are free. After that, the price goes up," he said, again, finding himself hilarious. "I'm sorry if I offended you or your—girl," Edward said flustered by this man's aggressive behavior. The man glared. "You the new neighbor?" He nodded. "Edward Cullen." "Well, there goes the neighborhood." He rolled his eyes at Edward and sauntered to the other side of the car before shouting over the roof. "I'm Mike Newton, and she's Bella. You keep your hands off her unless I say otherwise." With that, he was in the Jeep and backing out with the girl riding with her knees tucked under her chin. Fuck , he just signed a six-month lease with the neighbor from hell. Disgusted, he grabbed another box and took resigned steps back to the townhouse. ~o0o~ His fellowship at Seattle Children's had not been his first choice, but he was glad it brought him closer to his parents. Edward was thankful for the opportunity to work under Dr. Marcus Cummings, but the hours were long, and the high demands had him double timing to prove himself. Edward was glad he was unencumbered. Tanya had impeccable timing with her affair and break-up. Looking back now, he could see how unbearable life had been with that shrew. Yep, he dodged a bullet with that one. He stayed busy at the hospital, working long shifts and sleeping in on-call rooms. When he was home, he had just enough time to sleep, do some laundry, grab a bite, and head back for another long shift. He would often pass the girl on her porch as he came and went. He would wave, but she never acknowledged him. He figured that was for the best after Mike 'roid rage' Newton's threat. ~o0o~ Dragging his butt up the four steps to his porch after a grueling thirty-six-hour shift, he paused on the third step when a light "hi" floated over the railings of the porches. His bleary eyes found Bella watering her garden of potted plants in her tank top and shorts. It was a normal morning sight, but that she made a comment was quite note-worthy. "Good morning, Bella is it?" he asked as he rubbed his eye with his forefinger and swayed on his feet. "Is it a good morning or is my name Bella?" she asked softly as she deadheaded her red geraniums. "I was confirming your name to be Bella. We were never formally introduced," he said. "Yes, I'm Bella. You look so tired. Are they mean to you where you work?" she asked without looking up. He lifted a tired smile and gave up trying to stand, choosing to drop himself onto the top step. "Not mean, but demanding, I'm a doctor at Seattle Children's." "Sounds important. Do you like working with children?" she asked while she whisked debris from around her pots of happy plants. "Yes, it's rewarding but it's also hard when things don't go well," he said closing his eyes and leaning his head against a post. "When they die," she murmured. "Yes." They slipped into a comfortable silence. With his eyes closed, he listened to her shuffle around the porch until the stillness made him jolt upright. He found her sitting next to him with her hands worrying a grosgrain ribbon. He watched as her thumbnail ran over it and could almost hear the vibration she felt. He rubbed his face with a groan as she continued to face forward. "Um—did I fall asleep?" he asked. "Yes, you snore," she stated matter-of-factly. He laughed softly. "Okay, well I'll go and find my bed." He stood with a groan. "I'm sure it's where you left it. No one has been in your house while you were away," she said softly. He cocked his head wondering if she was joking. "Good to know, thanks." As he put his key in the lock, he heard her walk down his porch steps. "Sleep well, mister," she said quietly. He realized she was not privy to the hostile introductions of two months ago. "I'm Edward, and thank you, Bella." Her soft voice wafted back to him, "Are you a good man, Edward?" He turned to find her at her door. "My mother thinks so," he said with a shrug and a smile. She nodded as her door closed, and he found himself alone on his porch. Once inside, he couldn't strip fast enough. He put on a clean pair of briefs, enjoying the feel of the cool fabric on his steamy nooks and crannies. Pulling back the covers, he collapsed into the blissful envelopment of his bed, quickly succumbing to a dead sleep. ~o0o~ Coming home after a weekend with his parents, he found Bella sitting on his porch steps. "Good morning, Bella," he said. As if approaching a wild thing, he felt the need to make careful movements and speak in soft tones. Without looking at him, she scooted over making room for him. He set his overnight bag on the bottom step and sat down next to her, noting with relief the absence of Mike's Jeep. "Hi," she said with her ribbon making the circuit under her thumbnail. It reminded him of a rosary. He smiled softly and mimicked her "hi." "You were gone," she stated. "Yes, I spent the night at my parents." He realized this was the first conversation with her where he wasn't exhausted. "Are they nice people?" she asked as she brought the ribbon to the knot and started over. He watched its movement. "Yes, they are the best people I know." "And they like you?" Who would question the love of parents? It's supposed to be the one sure thing in life . His heart sank as he looked at her. "Um—yes, they do. They are my best friends," he said and purposefully kept his eyes trained on her hands as she looked at him for a long moment. "That's nice," she said at last and began back at the knot. "Bella, can I ask you a question?" She shifted away but nodded. He smiled reassuringly. "Okay—um—how old are you?" "Twenty-two," she said softly. "I'm twenty-nine," he offered. "Um—Is Mike, your boyfriend?" She made a sour face. "—a sweetheart?" "Um—yeah—I guess," he said with a shrug. She sat up, looking affronted. "No, yuck." He nodded and was surprised at the level of relief he felt, but blanched when she added, "I'm just sex." "W—What?" She cocked her head as if he should know this. "Mama said there's sex and then there are sweethearts." She shrugged. "I'm just sex." He sat stunned. When he did not respond she continued, "Mikey says I'm dumb as a box of rocks, but at least, I have a bangin' body, and I'm good for something. My mama always told me people will accept my oddities better if I'm pretty." He shifted next to her, reeling in disbelief. She watched his movements with alert cat-like eyes. He cleared his throat and asked, "Who is Mike, Bella?" She looked at her hands and worried the knot between her forefinger and thumb. "He came to have sex with Mama and stayed to live in her house." Her eyes became unfocused as she added, "when Mama went away he brought me here." "When your Mama went away?" he prompted. "Sh—She took her medicine and didn't wake up," she said. Her mother was sick—overdose?—and Newton squirreled the girl away for his own personal Lolita. His eyes rested on her, so innocent and lovely, a positive presence he was coming to depend on. "I'm glad you're here." He voiced his thoughts before he could weigh them. He sat still allowing her to study his profile. "I'm glad too. I got to meet you, and you're a nice man," she whispered. She dropped her ribbon, and as she stretched to pick it up, Edward saw the bruise on her arm and neck. "What happened?" he barked. Her hand flew to her neck. "Oh, I was cleaning and got between the TV and Mikey. He had to move me, and I hit the side table on my way down," she said, shaking her head at her clumsiness. She chanced a glance and looked away from the frown on his face. "I'll be pretty again soon. Mike told me to stay inside until I'm pretty again. Makeup helps," she added to sooth him. Edward tried to get his emotions under control. She didn't see her reality. Was there no one to help her? ' You, ' resounded in his head, causing his heart to race. She pulled her hair forward, creating a curtain between them. "I'm sorry I make you uncomfortable. I know I'm gross." In a smaller voice, she added, "but, maybe you'll like me when I'm pretty again." He looked at her as if she'd grown a second head and deciding, stood, and offered her his hand. "Come with me," he said, and added, "please." She took his hand tentatively, and he gave it a reassuring squeeze. He led her into his house and turned her to face the mirror in the hall. Standing behind her in the mirror he said,"You're beautiful, Bella. You are beautiful without your makeup. I like when your hair is messy and windblown, like when you are fussing over your plants." She smiled shyly at him in the reflection. He held her gaze and placed his palm over the bruise on her arm. "I'm sorry you were hurt. I wish I could make it better," he whispered. As he spoke, he saw just how important she was becoming to him. He wanted to kiss and make it better. He wanted to ensure it never happened again. ~o0o~ Edward sat in the third-floor lounge, eating lunch and reading the article, ' Asperger Syndrome Diagnosis in Adults.' Bella had so many of the symptoms. As he read, it thrilled him to think of helping her become a well-rounded person, and simultaneously grieved him that she was a twenty-two-year-old woman who had never gotten the help she needed. He shook his head as he thought. She said they moved a lot. They hid and belittled her uniqueness; telling her, she was just stupid, just clumsy, just rude, or just lazy. A surge of hope filled Edward. If Bella were diagnosed, she could