Welcome to my Johale crack fic. Well, it won't be quite a cracky as some of my other stuff but it's def a comedy piece so characters will be exaggerated and used to comedic effect. Overall it's mostly a Johanna character piece that charts her progression post Mockingjay and how she deals with both the after effects of her experiences and her feelings of self worth. It's also an AU where everyone lives, so there's that. The title is a riff off of the nineties classic, "So I married an Axe Murder." This piece was entered into the Caesar's Palace forums Unsexy Dialogue contest. Many thanks to foojooles for the beta, reining me in, and helping spot the trouble areas. The First Date On the day the Hunger Games ended, as the Capitol crumbled into the hands of the rebellion, a lone figure trudged up a neglected mountain trail. No more than a drab dot from an aerial view, zoomed in the hiker was scrawny, head crowned with a close-cropped fuzz of hair. Drowning in baggy, neutral clothing and devoid of any distinguishing features, by looks alone the panting, perspiring climber could have been just about anyone – but there was no mistaking the stream of expletives: Huff, puff. "Damn it, Snow!" Huff, puff. "Damn it, Katniss!" It went on in this vein for two hours – the average time required to accomplish the harrowing trek up to the nearest lookout point of the mountain range that encircled the ravaged Capitol like anthills around a carcass. But she considered it worth every bead of sweat. After all, the view was much better from up here, where she could witness the full panorama of pandemonium, take in the sweeping chaos of the decimation in all its massive proportions: scattering citizens painted with blood and terror; buildings once tall and unbreachable now disintegrated to rubble, their steel girders propped in the air like so many broken limbs. Flames sprouted across the city, unfolding themselves into blooms of fire, petals of ash that fell with the harshness of a blizzard. Johanna Mason gave a deep and contented sigh. "I've never seen anything so beautiful in my life." "So. You like destruction?" She leapt to a fighting stance, hand darting to her side, grasping for the handle of a hatchet that wasn't there. She hadn't noticed anyone creeping up the trail after her, but there he was, toes lining the rim of the perch, eyes plastered to the scene far below them, a strong and upright stance that held a faint degree of menace, like a thunder god about to zing down a lightning bolt. Johanna relaxed. It's just the reject . "Death, mostly," she replied with a shrug. "But destruction's nice, too." The wind had battered his cheeks to a pinkish tint that stood out against his swarthy skin. With a rather becoming glow, an evil relish twinkling in his eyes, Gale Hawthorne turned towards her and smiled. That was how it began. "So I said no – of course ." Katniss blinked once. "Uh-huh." "I mean – does he really think I want your cast-offs? That because you don't want to date his pathetic face I'll be happy to snatch him up at half price?" "Uh-huh." "Do I look like the type that wants your sloppy seconds?" "Uh-huh." "So I told him he could take his offer for dinner, slice it into a thousand pieces, and feed it to the swines!" "Uh-huh." Johanna folded her bony arms. The Mockingjay, who had reverted from the skintight leather costumes back to the customary grey and brown cottons of District life, was seated opposite Johanna in a floral wing chair. They faced a floor to ceiling window through which Katniss mildly stared into the middle distance, a fifty-fifty chance – and those were generous odds – that she had heard a single word of the tirade. "And then I took my axe and chopped him in half!" "Uh-huh." "Katniss!" Johanna leaned over and swatted her on the shoulder. "Are you even listening ?" "Yes." Katniss rubbed the sore spot, but her expression didn't ruffle. She raised one shoulder in approximation of annoyance, and probably a hundred other volatile feelings. Johanna rolled her eyes. You just never knew what was bubbling under the surface with that girl. One minute she's so boring she could be technically classified as deceased, the next she's trying to syringe you to death. But then she surprised Johanna by looking her straight in the eyes and saying in a terse, low voice, "You don't want to date Gale. I get it, Johanna. Believe me, I get it ." Mollified, Johanna relaxed her glower. Katniss reclaimed her vigil of the foliage. The price for friendship with the revered Mockingjay being long stretches of untouchable silence, Johanna amused herself by admiring the intricate crown moulding, counting the number of embossed blossoms in the ceiling. She, Katniss, and the other surviving Victors, along with key figures in the rebellion, had taken up residence in the former President's palace to await the trials, sentencings, and the hotly anticipated executions. Johanna, naturally, had lobbied for decapitation. "Why do you need to hire an executioner, I'll do them all for free!" But the majority rule from thirteen had carried the day: An arrow through the heart for Snow, and the gallows for everyone else. The two currently sat lounging in Katniss' room, apartment of the former Vice President of Panem whose name nobody bothered to learn before the rebellion and no one would bother to learn even after her limp body swung from the round end of a noose, her life and contributions memorialized forever in an epitaph that would most likely read: "Here lies the last Vice President of Panem." Johanna pursed her lips. I can relate to that . She threw a hostile glance to Katniss. "For someone who was your best friend," she clipped, "you don't seem to have a high opinion of Gale." "People change." "Regimes change. Ideally with blood and fire and anguish. But people?" She gave a trilling laugh. "People don't budge, even at knife point – and I should know ." "Fine. Let's just say you're right, that Gale's the same Gale he's always been. But recently I've learned some things about him that make it impossible for me to be with him, or even recommend him to others." She blinked. "Satisfied?" Johanna's sharp eyes flicked to her lap. Her wiry body shifted in her chair. Her limbs were antsy, the same sensation as when too many pine needles accumulated in her undergarments while out on an overnight logging detail. She finally looked up with a composed smile. "Alright," she said airily, dandelions in the wind. "Then we're agreed. Neither of us will date him." "I was never gonna date –" " Neither of us will date him." "Fine." Katniss shrugged. "Whatever." She smirked as though she'd just won a bet, although wondered if she could truly define "not dating Gale" as a definite prize. Regardless, Katniss evidently couldn't care less, her features placid as blue skies after a storm. Large flowery eyes stared with gag-worthy pathos out the window – at pegasus topiaries and ivory rose bushes – her body motionless as a statue. And Johanna had little doubt that stone monuments of Katniss would soon be littered across every fountain, garden, and public park in Panem. Because even while sitting down and doing absolutely nothing, as she was right at this moment, the Mockingjay exuded a magnetic presence, cast a long and inescapable shadow under which anyone who fell would be forced to wallow in a pool of comparative mediocrity. In fact, the cloud of people surrounding Katniss Everdeen seemed individually defined by their relationship with her, and therefore Johanna considered it only a matter of time until her own gravestone would proudly display: Johanna Mason: someone who once knew the Mockingjay (and tried to kill her) Listless legs drove her to her feet, propelled her to the dresser, a nine-drawer mahogany number boasting ornate carvings of teenagers in various stages of dismemberment (Johanna was gratified to note that one of her kills had made the exclusive collection), that dominated the opposite wall. As if I even care . Kneeling over an open drawer, Johanna fished her hand inside, scoffed at a prosaic cardigan, and tossed it scornfully over her shoulder. And I'll tell anyone with the stupidity to ask that I don't give a tracker jacker's pointy ass over what people etch onto a hunk of granite pushed over my rotting corpse. Digging deeper into the pile of cashmere, she palliated the subtle, traitorous pangs – the ones that pricked the cordoned section of her heart, the dwelling place of her father's beard and her sister's baby blanket – by enumerating the many practical advantages, in an era of insurgency and war, to have nobody left to care for (or to care for her). Who buys this many cardigans, anyway? Johanna laid them all aside. Heavy, languid limbs sank onto the carpet. She kneeled there, turned her head and gazed with bone dry eyes out the window. At hedges and rose bushes, and something far beyond these – a gathering place of loss. It reached from the garden and through the window, through the decades of her life – from timbre yards to killing arenas to Capitol sub basements. Reached and held her captive by its anesthetizing beauty: pristine as an uncharted forest, undisturbed and reserved only for her. Katniss, who had slipped from desolate contemplation into a rather refreshing doze, sprung awake at a jolting shake to her chair. "Katniss!" Johanna barked. "Are you awake?" "Johanna! What are you –?" Johanna silenced her by sitting down in her lap. "You know, brainless, I'm starting to think I should feel insulted." Katniss squirmed into the back of her chair as if hoping it would eat her. "What are you talking about?" "Gale." She waved a hand through the air, as if it were obvious. "Obviously!" "I think Gale is rarely ever the obvious choice," she said, sucking in her cheeks, which were by the second taking on the distinct hue of radishes. "Why is it that this guy who I barely know, who I've spent all of five minutes in conversation, suddenly has the gall to ask me out on a date right after you dump him?" She ran a self-conscience hand over her peach fuzz scalp. "I mean, why would he do that? Was it some kind of joke?" Fire surged to her face. "If he's messing with me, then that pretty face is about to get a lot uglier." "I doubt it. Gale doesn't do jokes. Or humor." Johanna rose, to the visible relief of Katniss, with a feline grace and a pair of arched eyebrows. "Sounds kind of like you," she said, reeking with disdain as she moved to the bed and stretched her thin, pale form across silky sheets. Katniss said nothing. She squinted at Johanna over the back of her wing chair. Prone to miss things that were right in front of her face, especially if it in any way concerned other human beings, Katniss nonetheless had spent a lot of unhappy times with Johanna, even more with Gale, and had silently come to a few startling deductions. "You didn't seem so opposed to him back in Thirteen." "What are you talking about?" "Gale, obviously." Johanna snorted. Katniss raised an eyebrow and countered: " 'Are you, gorgeous?' – ring any bells?" "Oh, that!" Johanna dismissed the accusation with a laugh. "That's when I thought he was your boyfriend." "And you find other people's boyfriends more appealing than someone that's available?" "Who doesn't? I can't count the number of times I tried to pry Finnick off of Annie, but they're like barnacles, those two." "Right." Katniss stood and walked over to the bed, subsided gently upon the edge. "And I guess back in