Written for the monthly challenge at Caesar's Palace forum. A little play on the "five things" style of fics. Many thanks to Estoma for the beta. The passenger car swayed gently, a skiff in low tide, and the rhythmic clack -clack held a lulling quality. But Annie could not sleep, fearful of the monsters manufactured by dreams. She could neither allow her mind to drift onwards to the next second or minute or hour and the deadlier creatures that lurked there. Seized by inertia, capsizing by the winds of the coming storm, Annie's mind sought for ballast, and found it in the diametric pair seated at the opposite end of the train car. District Four's oldest victor and her prodigal tribute . Finnick and Mags spoke quietly to one another. They sat too far off to be heard, but their paralanguage spoke loud and unmistakable, heavy sighs, pursed lips. Words like hopeless and maybe not . Annie didn't dwell on the portent. Rather, she latched onto their easy rapport, the intimacy of their exchange. They were perplexing, a puzzle waiting to be mastered – in short a perfect distraction. So Annie ignored what lay ahead and instead watched what lay before her. They were an odd pair who, by all outward appearances, should not be acquaintances much less friends, should tolerate one another as oil did water. Why such affection between them, she asked herself. Why? Mags padded over, said, "You should try and get some sleep," in her soft, scarred voice, like whispers through gravel. "No thank you." "You really should, dear. It'll be a circus once we get to the Capitol. A bit of sleep w'do well to calm your nerves." Annie didn't speak or blink. Instead she turned her neck to stare out the window for long minutes. Their lavish westbound train bore them swiftly over sun-quenched hills, orchards of red and green, and the long, lonely fields stretched like golden oceans and to which Annie paid no heed. Finally she said, "No. I don't think I will. And besides, Reef–" She flicked her head to the adjacent chair. Reef was out like the sun at midnight. "And Reef is getting some rest, just like you ought to be doing, just like Mags told you." Annie lifted her chin at the great Finnick Odair sauntering over in all his heroic glory, coming, no doubt, to stand and condescend over her. Annie pressed her lips together. Did they expect some kind of submission? "I'm not closing my eyes once until I get back to District Four." Finnick broke into a smile. He glanced at his co-mentor. "What do you know, Mags. We have a fighter on our hands." Then he kneeled, eyes level with hers. "I like that about you, Annie Cresta. I didn't have you figured." "So what did you have me figured?" Finnick opened his mouth, but was cut off by Mags. "Finnick. That's enough." His smile slackened. He looked down to the floor. "Look, Annie, I didn't mean any disrespect." Then he looked back up at her, features hardened, smile gone. "But I genuinely meant what I said. You've got some fire and I'm glad for it. You'll need it." He paused, eyes hazy, unfocused, seeing not her face but a place and time so distant yet so palpable that she could nearly see the grasping images reflected in his deep green irises. "The games," he whispered, "they –" She shot to her feet. "They what? Kill you?" She itched to cover her ears but instead folded her hands over her chest, squeezed her arms till her nails left half-moon indents. "Thank you, but I already knew that. All of Panem knows that!" Finnick slowly rose, an aloof smirk spreading in tandem. "Oh, if you're lucky they'll kill you." The quality of his voice had shifted. Everything about him had shifted. He spoke and gestured like they were about to step into the arena together. "The games, they're like….a rip tide. You know how it goes, you thrash around, try to fight against the current, and what do you get for your effort? Well, it just grips you harder, pulls at you harder until you finally slip under." He made a diving motion with his hand. "Down you go." He smiled broadly. "You're only real option for survival is to stop fighting, stop all that whining and posturing and thrashing about and just let the tide take you, pull you farther and farther out to sea." Annie refused to shrink. She kept her face level and steady. But the vivid reminder of eight kills at fourteen forced her eyes to the floor. "But then you're stuck in the middle of the ocean," she said quietly. "Stranded." "Not quite." He nodded towards Mags standing beside him. "Look hard enough and you'll find some company out there. All the others who wisely decided to stop fighting the tide." Mags smiled. She reached up a hand and ruffed up his hair, prompting a mock outrage that was twinged, Annie observed, with a real note of irritation. "Do you know how many people I'd disappoint stepping off the train while looking like this, Mags?" She barked a laugh. "The more the better!" He threw her a stabbing glare, right hand gingerly patting his ruined coif. "I need to get this fixed." Then he headed towards the back of the car. "After you finish primping you should take your own advice, Finnick," Mags called after. "Sleep a bit. You need it. I'll sit up with Annie." Finnick tipped his head, then disappeared through the door, and watching them – watching the effect they had on each other – the answer to the question that pestered Annie, the reason as to why Finnick and Mags were Finnick and Mags , finally awakened within her. Why? Because they were the same. And because Annie faced the same dilemma, because behind Finnick's disturbing analogies she understood the underlying clarion call; because her options were either to die or become one of them , she kept to the same routine over the course of her stay at the Capitol. Whether eating, dressing, training, learning, she watched. She studied. She occupied her mind with her two mentors, observing them as if her life depended on it. Mags, to her mind, was the easy one – which didn't mean she was simple or bland. Mags had layers, but she was unafraid to undress her intricacies, air them out for all to see. Annie learned quickly that she was hearty and kind, a grilled fish and potatoes type, but also that she was demanding, like a good wine that challenged one's palate, expecting her tributes to rise to the occasion of her standards. Of particular note: she slept hard, and disturbingly often. "She's old," Finnick tried to explain once, very early on, after they had settled into their apartments but before Annie had shaken the feel of the train rolling under her feet. "What can you do?" he offered with a shrug. "Wake her up?" She shot a look over to Mags. A champion sleeper, that woman could put stones to shame. It frightened Annie, to see her wrinkled, grey head so resolutely shut down. So she poked her, just to be on the safe side. "Stop that," Finnick scolded, and batted her hand away. "It's incredibly endearing that you care so much for dear Mags, but she's just a deep sleeper." And then he fixed her with such an incisive, accusatory look that he might as well have sent her to bed without any supper. "Like I told you before, she's just old. You should let her rest." Annie frowned, her temper ignited. As much as her mentors were growing on her, there remained the imminent fighting-to-the-death aspect of their relationship. "She has the rest of her life to rest!" A stark silence followed, the forbidden I don't littered like land mines across the space between them. "Annie. I know," he said, and she rolled her eyes and stormed away, collapsed on the sofa in her room before he could utter another syllable. How could he know? He was the legendary Finnick Odair and therefore could have no possible notion what it was like to be ordinary Annie Cresta. Finnick trailed after her. "You think I don't," he persisted, "but I do. Because no matter how strong or smart or popular a tribute is, the arena is the great equalizer and the odds are always one out of twenty four. And that's why we're going to do everything we can for you." He closed his eyes briefly. " Both of you." Annie kept her face wedged into the cushions. "I know." Tears soaked the fabric. "I know you're trying." After a few minutes she collected herself, drew herself up, wiped her face, and glanced out the door towards the dozing Mags. "Both of you." It occurred to Annie just then that Mag's frequent need for unconsciousness might be more a matter of survival than choice. "And I don't blame her, not really. Sometimes I wonder…" She looked down at the hands in her lap, fingers twisting together. "How many years has she been a mentor? How many children did she lead by the hand to their deaths? I think I'd sleep forever after all that blood." Her tears renewed. "Hey, hey." A light hand on her cheek delayed them. She looked to its owner, now seated beside her. From her television set she knew Finnick Odair had winsome smiles, wicked smiles. Right now he smiled like a friend. "Don't worry about Mags' problems. You've got enough of your own." Annie watched his face. She studied his eyes. "And what about you?" He laughed. "You should definitely not worry about my problems." "But how do you bear it? Watching them die year after year? How can you sleep each night knowing you can't do anything about it except pretend it never bothers you?" The tears blossomed, branched down her dusky cheeks, for these were the real lessons she needed to learn if she wanted to survive more than merely her games. She caught faint shadows in his bloodshot eyes, wondered at the ever-undisturbed sheets lining his mattress. "Maybe it doesn't bother me," he said with a smile. Annie kept her eye roll in check, but just barely. "Right." A month ago she might have believed it of the unparalleled Finnick Odair, the Capitol darling, the ruthless and efficient killer, the lover of droves. "Except now your act is a little harder to swallow since the first thing I ever learned about you is that your best friend is actually a seventy-four year old woman." "Not the first thing." His features began walling up, that portcullis of a smirk "I'm Finnick Odair, after all – you must have learned all about me from your television, anything you want to know in the comfort of your own living room." She shook her head. "I don't trust anything I see on television. I only trust what I know is real. Sand in my toes. The taste of salt." Her eyesight unhinged, peered at him as if looking through glass. "Sometimes you don't even seem real, even when you're sitting right in front of me." Leaning in closer, close enough to brush her chin against his lapels, she stopped a hairsbreadth from nose-to-nose and was startled to be confronted by his youth. Wash off the paint, gouge out those ancient eyes and she could really believe he was only a year or two older than her. Up close Finnick Odair was everything he was not from far away. Not a murderer of children, not the pavonine seducer. Not happy. "I'm sitting right in front of you," he said. "What do you see?" "I don't know. You're the most opaque person I've ever known." And her eyes widened at the recognition that she was starting to see right through him. Annie jumped