This was written for the March, 2014 Caeser's Palace Forum monthly oneshot challenge. The prompt was, "I spend my night dancing with my own shadow; And it holds me and it never lets me go." Extremely dark. Trigger warnings for images of torture. Many thanks to foojules who endured this fic in order to beta. I spend my night dancing with my own shadow; and it holds me and it never lets me go Waltz Solitaire . . . i. adagio Johanna's first and last glimpse of Annie was her shrieking, writhing body as it was dragged by the hair down the corridor that spanned the length of the cellblock. Johanna pressed her face against the door. "Hey!" After an unfortunate gouging incident, they sentenced her to the padded, four-walled cell that contained only a keyhole window the size of her palm. "Hey, what is she doing here! She doesn't know anything!" Her voice howled down the hallway. "Are you idiots even listening to me?" She thrashed and banged and bloodied every knuckle. "Annie! Annie! Leave her alone!" But Annie's weave of dark hair was lost to her sight. She stopped abruptly, chest heaving, when she heard the creak of a door opening, the clatter of the same one closing, Annie's shouts muffled behind layers of steel and concrete, and the heavy tread of approaching boot heels. One pair halted their march in front of Johanna's little window. He reached an arm through and grabbed her by the throat. "We told you before: no more outbursts," the peacekeeper said on a hard squeeze, and Johanna swore she saw a toothy grin widen behind the tinted helmet. "You'll disturb the other prisoners." He released her. Johanna stumbled back into her cell. They hadn't padded the floor, and the last sound Johanna heard was the cracking of her skull. Black blossoms loomed across her vision. They sprouted over the bare bulb hanging limply from a hook in the high ceiling, boiling the room in unremitting light, and she sighed at the comfort, the familiarity of a bit of darkness as she filtered in and out of consciousness. Groggily, she raised her hand at one point and counted on her fingertips – him, me, and Annie makes three . Three hostages. Three bargaining chips – though if Johanna were honest (and she was always horrifically honest, wielded the truth as she did the brutal edge of her axe) there was no one back in Thirteen weeping their eyes out over the capture of poor Johanna Mason, kicking down doors demanding her safe retrieval. And why should they? She was an accessory that no one wanted to wear for too long, thrown out onto the storage heap like last season's castoffs. Maybe an eternity ago someone looked at her and saw timeless value, but Dad was gone, dust, ancient history. Lying peacefully under the young roots of a spruce planted mere years ago by a tear-streaked teenage girl, he'd be spared everything he wasn't during the Seventy-First Hunger Games. Slowly falling, fading again into blessed shadows, the thought brought her great relief. A small, shrouded part of Annie knew this was coming, knew of the hands that would come for her, force her into bonds and blindfolds and cart her a thousand miles away, toss her shivering mass into a bright, naked cell that left no room for cowering in shadows, even in the far off corner where she huddled for half an hour, half a day, half a week – time was something of an elusive concept for Annie. She could never seem to remember where she placed her minutes and hours. Tick tock. Tick tock. But after a time, an infinitesimal, interminable amount of time, she made out what sounded like words drifting from the adjoining cell. "Annie?" A soothing male voice slipped like a lover's note between the bars. Annie crawled forward, hands and knees sliding across the cement grey floor, till her forehead rested against the cold metal. "How –?" "Johanna was screaming your name when they first brought you in." "Oh." Johanna is here. Then she laughed, a hysterical little laugh that rattled the small prison. Finnick is not . Terror waged a silent war with reason. It lost by a slim margin, and Annie's heartbeat steadied. My name is Annie Cresta . I am imprisoned by the Capitol. Her breathing regulated. And Finnick is not. Communication no longer seemed an impossibility. "How is she?" "Johanna?" "Yes." "Sleeping, I think." A substantial pause. "I can't really tell, actually. They've got her pretty well locked up. I can't see her, but sometimes I can hear…" Whatever he sometimes heard trailed off into a choke. Annie knew better than to press for details – it's where the devil lives, after all, and didn't she already have a lifetime supply of demons? "Why did they bring you here?" he asked. "Probably because of Finnick – Finnick Odair. He's a friend of mine." "I know Finnick. We were in the Quarter Quell together. I'm Peeta, by the way." She heard the smile as he said his name, the reflex to making a pleasant introduction. Crouched in some Capitol sub-basement, Annie imagined for them an introduction that could be counted as pleasant. Bumping into him on a train or perhaps a visit to District Twelve in Autumn, a swirl of changing color and Finnick at her side. Her voice drained down to a whisper. "Do you know if he's all right?" "I– " Another long pause. "I don't know anything." His voice was so chillingly quiet Annie had to wedge her ear between the bars. "They haven't told me a single thing," he said more loudly, but this time nothing about him smiled. Annie backed away from the bars and formed herself into a tight ball, knees drawn up, forehead down, chin tucked in. Long knotted locks fell like a net over her face and shoulders, cordoning off the invasive white lights that seemed to charge forth from everywhere. She rocked back and forth, fiercely rubbed the welting skin on her arms. She wore a thin linen day dress and it was unimaginably cold in there, cold and bright, as if the room were carved from a single block of ice. "He saved my life, you know." Annie's head snapped up. She blinked away the fog. "Who? Finnick?" "Yeah." Annie smiled. "Mine too." She decided she liked this Peeta. His little pitter patter voice reminded her of showers on a hot day, confetti on a cake. "I've seen you before, on television," she said. "I mean – I didn't watch your games, but I watched your tour." Her voice lifted. "I think what you and Katniss have is very special." "It's not….it's not what everyone thinks it is." "No?" "No." He paused again. Annie could hear him calculating in the spaces. Then he confidently told her, "Definitely not." Annie unwound her limbs and scrambled forward. "But you love her, right? And she loves you?" He didn't reply. Her knuckles blanched with the tight grip on the bars. "Of course she does!" For suddenly nothing in her life, up to and including its continued existence, mattered except that Peeta know this, it was imperative that Peeta should know this . "Finnick thinks she's just pretending, but I know better." She heard him sniff once. "Yeah?" "I can always tell when someone's pretending." Like golden smiles televised to a thousand rabid hearts, a message meant only for one. "They like to tell us it's all a game. But no one's rolling a die. They want to make our fate, but this is our life, Peeta, and we can't forget what's real. Can't let them take it away." Don't let this glacial light bleach out the memories, make us question the taste of skin and salt at sunset, the way the moon rises over the ocean and what a terrible way to die. Annie bent her face into her lap and sobbed. "Hey, hey." She heard Peeta scooting closer. "Hey Annie, remember Finnick? Remember how he saved my life? You said he saved yours, too, and I think he'll do it again. I don't think he would rest until you were safe again." He whispered, "We'll be alright, you know?" Annie covered her eyes and laughed. She laughed like a little sprite, laughter and more laughter like a rainfall of brightly colored gems. They plummet to the floor, and shatter. "No. No we won't." Peeta never saw or heard from Annie Cresta again. His lids began to droop and he lay down on the floor, his head pillowed uncomfortably under his right arm. He closed his eyes against the blinding white, allowed the rest of his senses to be gently lulled by sporadic bursts of fay laughter. Then one minute he jerked awake to a fatal silence. "Annie?" No answer. No laughter. Annie was gone. Annie was gone and he didn't know where they had taken her, or what they were doing to her. Peeta closed his eyes. He rubbed his temples. His head felt like it was stuffed with cotton. Being awake felt unnatural, as if his slumber had been concocted, and he wondered about the few drinks of benign tasting water he'd accepted when they'd first brought him to this place. But with a little time he became reacquainted with conciseness. And if he listened intentionally he could make out the steady hum of fluorescent that never abated, the occasional growl or expletive permeating the barrier between him and Johanna. Somewhere beyond his sight a guard shifted. "Where's Annie?" The shifting stopped. "What are you doing to Johanna?" He heard the feather whisper of an automatic door open, then close. The guard had abdicated his watch to the cameras slotted into every inconspicuous corner, their movements small and quiet enough to provide a facsimile of privacy. Peeta got up and began to pace. His clothes were clean and his skin largely unmarked; they'd kept him surprisingly untouched from when they first scooped him out of the arena – how long ago? It must be many hours by now. Maybe a full day. Maybe a full day of stewing in comfort for an ulterior purpose that Peeta could only ponder and dread, a full day until an angular woman lacking any shred of armor was escorted to his cell, peered inside with such a detached, clinical appraisal that Peeta feared his final hour had come. She marked something on her touch screen, nodded once. His cage was opened. Two pairs of arms hoisted him onto his feet and the tip of a rifle was pressed into his back. "Move." "Where are you taking me?" "Move." They forced him through a series of carbon copy hallways and straight into the opened door of an idling car with blacked out windows. The next thing of note which Peeta saw was the flagging wig of Caesar Flickerman. At least four technicians hovered around him, puffing and primping, evolving the aging man into the caricature Peeta has watched from his screen at home hundreds of times over. Despite their multitude of efforts, Caesar retained a sallow appearance, and bore a weatheredness that didn't match his glimmering, sequined jacket. His smile was unchanged. "Peeta! There you are! As neat and tidy as ever." He brushed invisible specks from Peeta's shoulders. "I'm assuming they've prepped you." You're to issue a message publicly aligning yourself with the Capitol and discrediting the Mockingjay and her efforts with the resistance. "Barely." "Well." His high, throttling laughter was also unchanged. "You're a natural. You'll do fine, just fine." He did just fine. Speechwriters, preachers, the politicos that vie for each sliver of Capitol power could learn a lot from Peeta's even-keeled tenor, the way he kneads each syllable with unassuming surety. Described as the type of person who could have the whole world eating out his hand with a few dozen words, he let that earnest,