I was asked to write a story about Jake and Ginny while I was writing my multi-chapter fic 'Unexpected Mission'. So, here's a pretty lengthy one shot on the evolution of their relationship. *Penelopedean* this is for you! Thank you so much for all your kind words! I hope this gives you a feel good Jake fix! (Even though I know you're Hinny all the way!) As always, anything that sounds familiar is not mine. Except Jake, he's so mine... now if I could only make him a real boy... where's that good fairy when I need her? Firecracker "Oi! My Mum, Dad and little brother sister are coming round for Christmas!" Charlie Weasley said happily reading the letter he'd just received. "That's great." Jake, Charlie's roommate said, distractedly. He was reading his old worn copy of Fantastic Beasts. Charlie had been telling Jake about his family for years, he was a Weasley after all and the most important thing to any Weasley was family. Jake was always interested in hearing about the Weasley family, growing up an only child in America. The two wizards were very different, from everything to physical appearance to temperament to their upbringing. The one thing they shared was their love of the dragons, this and a particularly nasty encounter with a Norwegian Ridgeback cemented their friendship rather quickly. Doing this job, which was truly more a calling, certainly not for someone who wasn't entirely certain it was their passion, tended to turn coworkers into family. As the weeks passed and the holidays grew nearer Jake began to get excited about the coming visitors. Jakes mother had died a few years back, and his dad, being a no maj, never quite got used to magic. Wade Henson loved his son immensely, he was incredibly proud of him as well, but he couldn't help wishing that he would have been able to brag on his son to his friends. He had hoped that Jake would take over the family farm, even had a career in football, as the boy had an excellent aptitude for the sport. He understood that neither of those things were his passion however, and he gave his blessing for Jake to follow his heart to Romania. It did however leave the two with very little to talk about, straining their relationship slightly. Jake was excited now to meet the Weasley's, or a handful of them rather, he knew from Charlie the closeness of the family. Jake instantly fell in love with the Weasleys. Molly began tutting over how thin the boys were, which was quite comical, seeing how solidly built the dragon tamers were. Arthur had a visible excitement around him, he asked questions non stop about everything from Ilvermorny, to growing up in the south, to being half blood, mostly about how things worked in the no maj world in America. Most entertaining, though was little Ginny, she had been very shy for about the first hour being there. Then Charlie said something she didn't like and she let him have it. She was a firecracker for sure. She was a tiny thing, only ten years old, but she had a large personality. Jake figured being the youngest and only girl out of seven had a lot to do with that. "So you're stuck with me today, huh?" Jake asked one afternoon as he spotted Ginny outside kicking rocks. "They never let me do anything fun." Ginny pouted. Charlie had taken his parents to one of the habitats to see the adult dragons, Molly had planned to stay with Ginny but Jake offered to stay with the girl. After a bit of convincing from Arthur and Charlie, Molly agreed. "Well, I'm afraid you still being a half pint means no big dragons for you." Jake said with a chuckle. "I know you have enough fire if your own, but let's give you a few years before you tackle the big guys." "Whatever." Ginny said sullenly, resuming her rock kicking. "How about I make you a deal. If you will quit feeling sorry for yourself, I have something that might put you in a better mood." Jake said getting an idea. "Like what?" Ginny asked warily, growing up with the twins taught her that when someone had that look in their eye, something incredibly fun was about to happen, or something was about to blow up. "Give me just a minute, I'll send a note to your Pa, make sure it's okay." Jake said with a wink. Once they got the go ahead, Jake led Ginny up to a large building. "Are you going to tell me what's going on?" Ginny asked for the seventh time, staring to get huffy. "Not big in surprises are ya?" Jake laughed. "Here's the deal, you have to do what I tell you, no matter what." "Fine, fine." Ginny muttered at the serious look Jake was giving her. Jake opened the door and led her into the nursery. There was a large hallway with strong glass walls, in each large room was a nesting mother dragon. Jake took the time to tell Ginny about each mother and how many eggs she had in her nest. They walked further into the nursery and came to another hallway with glass walls, inside the rooms this time was baby dragons flying around and snorting fire and smoke at each other. Jake explained that they were playing, and learning how to survive on their own. Finally, they made their way to the end of the building, this was one large room, with lots of witches and wizards walking around. Every few feet was what looked like a large box, as they got closer to one of the boxes Ginny could feel the heat radiating off it. Once they got to one of the boxes Jake took a nearby chair and set it next to the box, without ceremony he picked Ginny up and set her on the chair so she could see into the box. Inside was three large oval things that she recognised as eggs. Jake explained that sometimes the mothers couldn't hatch their eggs for whatever reasons, so this is where they brought them to incubate. He explained that the mother of these particular eggs had gotten very sick just after she laid them and was in the infirmary at the moment. It was easily the best day Ginny had had in her whole life. After the tour of the nursery Ginny had lost whatever but of shyness she had around Jake and they talked for a long while about the baby dragons. He even offered to let her name one of the new babies when they were born, she decided on Vesta. Ginny talked a mile a minute when her parents and Charlie came back. Her excitement was contagious and Jake couldn't get rid of the smile on his face for weeks afterwards. On particularly difficult days he would think back to the absolute joy on Ginny's face and it would make him smile. [•][•][•][•][•] After their holiday trip to Romania, Ginny had added Jake to her list of weekly letters. Ginny loved getting letters from her brothers, it was always the highlight of her week. Bill wrote her weekly, without fail. Charlie a bit less, closer to every two weeks or so. Percy also wrote to her, every month. The twins were a bit more sporadic, never on a set schedule like her other brother, but often enough to keep her happy. Ron wrote to her once at Christmas, and Ginny was sure that it was only because Percy made him. Jake however wrote her fairly regularly, it wasn't a chore for him like for her brothers. She would ask questions, about any and everything, and he would answer her. He would ask her questions as well, it never felt like he was placating her, he never acted like she was just some annoying kid. It made her feel special, it made her happy. [•][•][•][•][•] As Ginny started her first year at Hogwarts, she and Jake kept up their correspondence. She would tell him about her classes and her new friends, how sad she was that her best friend Luna wasn't in her house, but she did still get to see her in her Charms class. She told him about how her dad punched Lucius Malfoy, and it was the coolest thing she'd ever seen. She told him all about Harry Potter, and he couldn't help smiling about her obviously crush. Throughout the year her letters came less frequently, and they began to have an anxious tone about them. She had told him about the chamber of secrets and he figured that's what caused her anxiety. Then her letters stopped completely. This worried him slightly, but he figured she was busy with school work and needed to focus on her classes. It took a few weeks for him to realise how much he missed his little pen pal, he wrote he once more, but never got a response. He let it go, focusing on the dragons, and the pretty no maj girl from the village close by. When he heard from Charlie what happened in the Chamber of Secrets, Jake was very angry with himself. It didn't make sense, it's not as if she were actually his sister, but he certainly felt like she was. He thought if he had tried harder to reach her, maybe things would have worked out differently. Jake was extremely grateful to this Potter kid for saving her, he couldn't begin to think of how he would have felt if she hadn't come out of the Chamber. [•][•][•][•][•] Jake was laughing loudly at the twins, they were a riot. They were telling the story of how Ron had tried to use the telephone to call his friend Harry. Ginny was sitting curled up at Charlie's side between him and Jake, she was laughing so hard she couldn't breathe. Ron was fuming, glaring at all of them. They were all sitting around the sitting room at the Burrow. The Weasley's had won a bit of money and were leaving in a few days for Egypt to visit Bill. Charlie and Jake had gotten their vacation time at the same time, so they decided to spend a few days at the Burrow before Charlie went to Egypt with his family and Jake went back home to Georgia to see his dad. The next morning Jake went outside to find Charlie and saw Ginny instead, he laughed out loud when he saw that she was once again kicking rocks angrily. "Alright little firecracker, what's got you so mad this time?" Jake asked, startling her. "I'm not mad, perfectly sane, thank you very much." Ginny huffed. "Sane? Well, that's yet to be determined, but I meant angry." Jake said, trying to keep a straight face. "Oh, yes. Right. Well it doesn't really matter does it? No one will let me do anything anymore. Everyone keeps staring at me like I'm going to call up an army of snakes and attack. Mum has gone completely nutters about the whole thing, always keeping an eye on me. Now they've locked the bloody broom shed and I can't even go for a fly to clear my head." Ginny ranted. "Ah, I thought maybe it was something along those lines. I didn't know about the broom she'd though. Here, I'll show you a trick." Jake said leaning over and pulling a bobby pin from her hair. "Now, this is a good skill to have, especially until you turn seventeen and can use magic without the trace. If you tell anyone I taught you this, I'll lie my ass off." "Where did you learn to do that?" Ginny asked in awe as he picked the simple lock. "Ask me no questions, I'll tell you no lies." Jake winked at her. "So do you want to talk about it?" "Teach me