Disclaimer : Everything Twilight belongs to Stephenie Meyer. *** FULL SUMMARY :*** Edward Cullen and Bella Swan have been married for three years and are on their way to Seattle, Washington to commence Alice Cullen and Jasper Whitlock's upcoming wedding. It is going to be a momentous occasion filled with family togetherness and heartwarming love. The only problem is that Edward and Bella have been separated for three months, can't stand each other, and—oh yeah—their family has no idea. Author's Note : This is my first time ever writing an all-human fan fic for Twilight (aside from my rpf about Rob Pattinson which I hope to publish on here very soon) so I am extremely nervous and excited. This story line came to me after a while and I looked online to see if I could find a fan fic like this, but I didn't so I decided to just go ahead and start writing it and see what happens. As of now the first four chapters are written and I am quickly falling in love with this story. I hope you all like it. Please leave your thoughts! Thank you! Enjoy! Bella POV " Stop squirming, Bella." I looked at Edward and gave him a hard glare. He just returned it with his own; I hated to admit it, but his was sexier. " Shut up, Edward. This is your fault you know," I snapped back. " How in the hell is this my fault, Isabella?" he demanded. " It just…fucking is. And don't you dare call me Isabella ever again," I seethed angrily. He knew I hated being called by my full name. " Why not? Isabella. Marie. Swan? " he said, emphasizing each and every syllable just to get under my skin. I sighed in frustration and slouched back into my seat. We were currently on an airplane—in first class of course—flying from where Edward and I lived in New York, all the way to where his family was in Seattle, Washington. It was funny. I almost laughed. How was it that I was currently on an airplane, going to visit a family that I wasn't even technically a part of anymore, with the one man that I could not stand? Because, oh, that's right—I am a complete and utter idiot. XxXxX -One Week Earlier- Beep. Beep. Beep. I groaned and flipped over onto the other side of the bed and put the covers further over my head, willing the noise to go away. Beep. Beep. Beep. I tried putting a pillow on my face, but it was no use. I looked over at the alarm clock on my bedside table and nearly groaned again. 7:55 a.m. on a Saturday morning. Who the in the hellwas calling me at this ungodly hour on a Saturday morning? With a heavy sigh, I haphazardly fumbled around my bed to look for my cell phone. I had fallen asleep talking to one of the senior editors for the magazine I worked for here in New York and I was too tired to put it on my dresser to charge. I finally got a hold of my blackberry and squinted through sleepy eyes to check the caller i.d. Of course. Alice. I sighed again and answered. "Hello?" I practically spat out. "Good morning, Bella!" Alice's voice rang out on the other line. "Oh my God, Alice, it's only five in the morning there. Why are you calling me so effing early?" I demanded. "Because that way it's almost eight in the morning there . I didn't want to call you too early," the little pixie giggled. "Well eight o'clock is still pretty early if you haven't noticed," I pointed out angrily, throwing the covers off of myself and walking toward the bathroom. "Silly Bella. It's only early if you are lazy," she said, emphasizing the last word. I shook my head and smiled at her antics as I began washing my face and holding the phone to my ear. "Okay well now that you've succeeded in waking me from my wonderful slumber, to what do I owe this displeasure?" I asked, only half joking. "Jazz and I are getting married, Bella!" she sang out excitedly. My mouth fell open and I almost dropped the phone. Alice and Jasper had been dating since high school and I always knew they would eventually tie the knot; everyone did. We were all just waiting for it to happen. "Oh my God, Alice! That's fantastic! It's about time!" I replied excitedly. "I know. It's going to be a July wedding and—" "Wait, wait, wait," I interjected her excitement. " July ? Alice, it's already the beginning of June. Isn't that a bit…soon?" I asked cautiously. She laughed softly. "Silly Bella. True love does not wait. You know this. Speaking of which, where is Edward? He isn't answering his cell and I want to share the good news with him. "Um…" I thought carefully. "He, uh, he's at work…probably in a meeting," I lied easily. "Oh," she said, seeming a bit hesitant to accept that answer, but too excited about her engagement to address it. "Alright, well, tell him I called okay? I miss you both!" "I miss you too, Alice," I said sincerely. "I can't wait to come up for the wedding." The line was silent and I thought maybe we got disconnected. "Alice? Are you still there?" "Yes," her voice suddenly rang out. "Oh, Bella, I'm so glad to hear that because…well…" she trailed off. "Yes, Alice?" I managed through gritted teeth. She was taking too long with this. Something was up. "Please don't hate me. I know you don't like when I make plans for you without telling you first, but we are flying you and Edward out here in a week so you guys can start helping with the wedding! Because you and Rose need to pick out dresses and of course Edward is going to be the best man because he and Jasper have been best friends forever and—" I cut her off instantly as she went on her little tirade. "Alice! Hold on. What do you mean you're flying us out there?" I asked. "To Seattle, Washington of course," she answered. I could practically hear her rolling her eyes at me. "Bella the wedding is in just five weeks and I need you and Edward here to help me. You guys are the epitome of a perfect marriage. Well, aside from my mom and dad of course." I closed my eyes tight and tried not to let the tears that were threatening to escape erupt just yet. I had to stay strong just a little bit longer. "Of course, Alice," I finally choked out, on the brink of tears. "Edward and I would love to come out there. You're my best friend. You know I'd do anything for you. Edward too. You're the only sister he's got after all, right?" I managed a weak laugh at the end, but my voice was shaking as silent tears ran down my face. "Oh, Bella, are you crying?" Alice asked. She sounded touched and I realized she probably thought I was crying out of joy for her. "It'll be okay, sweetie," she cooed. I heard a male voice somewhere in the background and recognized it as Jasper's. "Oh, I have to go. Jasper and I are going to go book the location today. I'll tell you more about it when you get here! I can't wait to see you. I love you, Bella!" I put a hand over my face and took deep breaths to calm myself. "I love you too, Alice," I all but whispered. "Oh and Bella?" Alice said quietly right when I was about to hang up. "Yes?" I managed, gaining some self control. "Give Edward a big kiss for me." I almost burst into tears right there. I managed to squeak out a weak 'goodbye' to Alice before hanging up the phone and sliding to the bathroom floor. I just sat there crying, remembering the way that mine and Edward's relationship had epically fallen apart. I had known Edward since we were kids. I practically grew up with the Cullens in Forks, Washington since my own mother and father had gotten divorced. I lived with Charlie, but he was the chief of police and couldn't stay home to watch me for very long. My mother, Renee, was traveling with her new husband, Phil, since he was a minor league baseball player. At one point it was kind of like I had nowhere to go. Then Charlie started having his friend, Dr. Carlisle Cullen, watch me with his wife, Esme, since they had three children of their own. Those were some wonderful years. It wasn't until the end of my junior year of high school that I realized Edward was the one for me. Alice, who was one year younger than us, insisted that Edward be my date to prom because I didn't even have any plans to go. He shocked me by actually accepting. He kissed me that night and we both realized we had loved each other from the first moment we had met. We stayed together for the rest of high school and upon graduation; we both attended a local community college together. Then Edward got offered an internship at a law firm in New York City when we were twenty. He had always wanted to be a lawyer so I told him to go for it, but he didn't want to leave me. I couldn't let him give up his dream so we broke both of our parents' hearts and moved to New York together, leaving everything and every one we knew behind. I wanted to be a writer so I began working at a local newspaper company. It was part time and not so good pay, but it was good practice. A year after that, when Edward and I were both twenty-two, I got offered my own column in one of the most popular magazines in New York. My dream was to be a journalist and The New York Times was where I hoped to end up, but everyone had to start somewhere so I accepted and started writing various advice columns for the magazine. It was a job that I was very excited to have and even if The New York Times never happened, I would be happy and content with where I was now. Edward took me to dinner the night after I got offered the position. He proposed. We were married a few months after that, at which point the Cullens moved from Forks to Seattle, Washington. Carlisle got a new job at a hospital there and Alice didn't want to be separated from her parents, so she and Jasper uprooted as well. Emmett's long time girlfriend and now current wife, Rosalie, also owned her own clothing store there and so he moved up there with them. Edward and I were happily married for three years. We loved each other and enjoyed living in our beautiful apartment in one of the nicer places in New York City. Edward had continued going to school and was finally offered a permanent position in one of the most prestigious law firms in New York about a year after our marriage. He was young, but he was smart. He was everything I ever wanted and I knew he felt the same way about me. It was her fault. If she had never come into the picture, everything would have been fine. Edward kept telling me not to worry; that she was just a lonely young woman who was attracted to any and all men, but I didn't buy it. Tanya Denali became Edward's new assistant a year ago and I knew I hated her from the first moment I laid my eyes on her. She was tall with strawberry blonde hair, a huge ass, and enormous