Disclaimer: The characters as well as any other reference to the Twilight series belong to their respective owner, Stephenie Meyer. Everything else belongs to the author of this work, Forever 17/Foreverx17. A / N: A little something I wrote today. I hope you enjoy. Leave me your thoughts :-) I see the sign for The Meadow Bar & Grill as Rosalie and I make our way down the busy New York City sidewalk. It's ten o'clock on a Friday night and the town is just waking up. There is so much traffic tonight that Rosalie and I figured it would be faster to just get out of our cab and walk the last couple of blocks to the bar. I'm glad I decided on my black Oxford flats instead of the heels Rosalie was trying to convince me to wear. Although the heels would have gone well with this outfit, I decided to choose comfort over fashion. And Rose couldn't complain since my shoes complimented my outfit well: black stockings, a short black skirt, and a white, lacy long-sleeve blouse. I had kept my make-up minimal as usual, only applying some eyeliner, mascara, and a bit of red lipstick. Rosalie, on the other hand, had decided she was going to really let her hair down tonight and had chosen a black mini-dress with some gold Burberry heels, making my outfit look completely tame in comparison. "You excited?" she asks me, wrapping her arm around mine. "Yea. I can't wait to see Alice," I tell her quietly. She rolls her eyes at me. "What?" I ask. "Bella, you're about to meet Edward Cullen. It's okay to have a squealing teen-girl moment." "He's just Alice's brother," I shrug. "Yea. To Alice he's Alice's brother. To me he's the hot piece of ass who stars in all of my wet dreams." "Rose!" I'm taken aback by her candor. "What? If he didn't want us to drool over him, he wouldn't have sex scenes in, like, all his movies." I roll my eyes again, but say nothing as I hold the door open for her. She kisses my cheek sloppily before giggling and running inside. I smile apologetically at the hostess as I follow Rose through the packed bar and outside to the balcony. We find Alice sitting next to her husband, Jasper, and our other friends in a secluded part of the balcony area around a small bonfire. I spot Jessica there beside Alec and Marcus and when Alice sees us, she squeals in delight, jumping to greet us. "Hey, guys!" she says, hugging us both. After greeting our other friends, Rose and I order our drinks and settle in. Rosalie sits in the empty seat next to Marcus while I sit on a small couch. We talk casually for a while before my eye catches sight of two figures. One has his head bowed and a dark hood covering what looks like reddish-brown hair, while the other looks straight ahead as he speaks, laughing. A complete contrast. I don't pay much attention to the one talking. My intrigue is on the one who is walking with his head down and his eyebrows knit together in either anger or thought. I can't make out his face clearly, but I know one thing. He couldn't possibly look more miserable. I'm about to make a joke about people who always look like they're angry when Alice glances up at the two men approaching. When she stands and meets them, the hooded one looks up and my mouth drops open. I realize that the person I had been analyzing in such depth was the Edward Cullen. "You okay, girl?" Jessica asks me before taking a sip of her beer. I snap out of it and look at her, shaking my head and forcing a laugh as I brush it off. I try to ignore the three individuals I can see approaching in my periphery, but glance up as I hear the tale-end of their conversation. "...longest smoke break ever," Alice is saying. She stops when she reaches us and smiles. She introduces them to Rosalie first and I find out then that the other one's name is Riley. Alice turns to me, beaming. "And this one is Bella. She's the writer." I cringe and blush at Alice's introduction of me as I stand to greet both men. Edward shakes my hand quickly, giving me a curt greeting. When Riley takes my hand, he holds onto it while he makes small talk with me. I'm slightly uncomfortable, but before I can say anything, Riley releases my hand and I am returning to my seat. When Edward sits beside his sister, the only space is next to me. And Riley takes it happily. Our group gradually begins to have separate conversations between each other and Riley engages me. He tells me that he's Edward's manager and that he's known him for many years. Riley then tells me a joke and when he gets to the punch line, I don't get it. And I tell him so. He repeats it and this time I realize how incredibly sexist it is. I could have looked past that had it been even remotely funny, but it wasn't. At all. And I tell him that too. "What? Come on, you can't be offended," Riley laughs. "It's a joke." "I know. It just wasn't funny." "Bella, so feisty!" Alice chimes in. I look away from Riley, but am speechless when I see that Alice has attracted the attention of everyone else with her outburst. I try not to give away my embarrassment and of their own accord, my eyes shift over to Edward. I quickly look away when I'm burned by the intensity in his eyes. Finally, I turn to Riley, composing myself and saying, "Tell them the joke so they can decide." He laughs and launches into the story. I quietly excuse myself to get another drink. When I'm walking back, I see Edward leaning on the balcony's railing away from everyone else, a cigarette dangling between his fingers. I take in his form for a moment. The way his dark jeans hug his legs so...right. He still has his dark blue hooded jacket on, but the hood is now off. With a quiet sigh, I approach and gently lean on the rail beside him. "Hey. How'd the joke sit with everyone?" I ask. He looks over at me mid-drag and I'm caught off guard by the color of his eyes. They're green, and while green eyes may not be something spectacular, Edward's are. They have a hint of blue and a tiny speck of gold in them. I realize I'm staring, but am more jarred when I realize that he's just staring back. After a moment, he shakes his head at himself. He blows out a small plume of smoke between his lips. "It was okay," he shrugs before looking away. "That doesn't really answer the question," I say, keeping my tone light. He looks at me again, his eyes narrowing slightly. "Well there's a table full of people you could ask," he says, turning away again. I try not to be offended by his curtness and simply nod, even though he's not looking, and walk away. I'm still reeling from my lack of conversation with Edward as I sit down next to Rosalie. "'Sup dog?" she greets. She's wearing Marcus' New York Knicks hat and it is way to big on her head. I smile weakly in return and she senses something's off. "What's up?" "Nothing," I shrug, taking a quick sip of my Long Island. "Edward isn't very friendly." "What do you mean?" she asks, her brows furrowing. "I just tried making small talk and he totally gave me the cold shoulder." "Really?" She looks behind us to where Edward is and then looks back at me, shrugging. "Maybe he doesn't like being interrupted when he smokes." I shake my head before taking another long pull from my drink. A short while later, Alice and Jasper return. They had run into a friend of theirs and had started chatting with them. Shortly after that, a slight commotion begins behind us and I turn to see Edward being bombarded by four giggling and tipsy women, asking for a picture. After he's accommodated them and spoke with them for a good amount of time, they continue to keep him there as long as they can. It isn't until Riley is coming back that he spots Edward is in need of help and he approaches the group. I can't hear anything, but somehow Riley extracts himself and Edward from the group of giggling girls. The smell of smoke lingers behind Edward as he falls into his seat next to his sister once again. She mentions what just happened, but he brushes it off, asking Riley to let it go when he starts complaining about it. Riley relents and begins speaking about some hot blonde he had been talking to in the bar and from the sounds of it, he's probably going to be leaving soon. Edward begins speaking with Jasper, who is on the other side of Alice. He is telling him something and I don't even realize that I am watching him, glaring at him, until his gaze shifts to me. I look away as soon as his eyes meet mine. Jessica, Marcus, and Alec are the firsts to leave around midnight. At this point, it becomes clear to me that Riley is absolutely leaving with the blonde. He's been on his phone texting since he returned and he keeps dropping hints that he's going to be leaving soon. He asks Edward if he needs help arranging a ride home, but Edward seems perfectly fine with Riley leaving, so half an hour later he does. It becomes clear that Rosalie is going to be responding to her weekly booty-call and I urge her to go, despite her hesitance to leave me alone. Once she's gone, Alice and I begin talking. I'm glad I finally get a chance to spend one on one time with her. An hour passes before Jasper begins hinting that he's tired. Alice rolls her eyes, joking that he's an old man as we both giggle. The four of us head outside. Edward hasn't said a single word to me and no one seems to have noticed. I live on the complete other side of town from Alice and Jasper and this is where the cab situation becomes complicated. "I don't want you taking a cab alone this late, Bella," Alice says. "We'll ride with you to your place." "That's ridiculous. You guys are in the complete opposite direction," I argue. "I'll be fine." Alice still looks worried as Jasper chimes in. "Honestly, Bella, we don't want you going alone." I sigh and am gearing up for an argument, but a smooth voice stops me. "I'll go with her." We all look at Edward, equally stunned by his offer. "Oh, you don't-you don't have to," I stammer. "No, that's perfect!" Alice says. "Your hotel is only like ten miles away from Bella's place. Really, Edward, that would be awesome." It becomes apparent that arguing is futile and I finally give in. We say goodbye to Alice and Jasper and watch as their cab pulls away from the curb and heads down the street. Edward lights a cigarette and walks past me without a word. After a moment of recollecting myself, I turn and follow, jogging slightly to catch up. "Where are you going?" I gasp, out of breath. "I just wanna have a quick smoke before we go." "Okay, well, next time before you walk away have the common courtesy to let the other person know," I yell, halting my steps. "You don't have to be such a fucking bitch," I hear him mumble as he continues walking. "What did you just say?" He stops and turns around,