Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. It belongs to Stephenie Meyer. Full summary: Bella hasn't had the easiest upbringing. An absent mother left her to her grandmother's care and when she was thirteen her father took his own life. After her Gran also passes she has to return to the town she was born, a place she has no bond to. While dealing with her own grief and hardships, a new extravagant house is being built next door. She was expecting a big family, but only one man moves in. A/N: I really suck at summaries... I'm sorry. Okay. Hey, I'm Risibility and this is my first Fanfiction! So be kind ;-), but constructive criticism is always welcome! Since this is my very first story, I'm still quite new to how does things, and so on - and new to writing whatever I want, of course. I guess this is a spoiler, but there will be vampires in my story, however, my take on the vampires are different than Meyer's. There are also characters who were vampires in the book, who are very obviously human in this story. I'm also not American, so I'm not overly familiar with the school system and other details like that. Please bear with me... The story is Rated M, but I've come to realize that it might take some chapters before the M tag is needed. But it will be needed. The reason I started writing this fanfiction, is because I wanted to write a story I wished someone else had written for me. Does that make any sense? I would be a much happier person, if someone could just take a look inside my head and then write the story for me. Oh, well. I hope you like it and that you have a wonderful day! (I'm sorry for the long A/N .). CHAPTER 1 Dear Diary, I'm writing this with the beautiful noise of construction workers in my ears. The neighbour house is really coming along (not that I know anything of house building, except for my toddler years of playing with lego…). I guess the new family will move in soon. Anyway. It would seem my life had taken the turn for the worse recently. After Gran died and I returned to live with Renée and her new husband Phil, I thought I had become immune against whoever controlled fate and whatever face was under the Grim Reaper's hood. As if, I had required some sort of invisible armour. I was wrong – of course. Moving from Augusta, Maine, to Phoenix was a shock. I was surprised of how much I remembered. Even though I had lived in Phoenix for seven years, from when I was six 'till barely thirteen, I quickly renounced any memories of burning asphalt and horrific ballet classes. It was not that there was anything wrong with Phoenix; it was just that it had turned into some sort a symbol of abandonment. Expulsion. Banishment. When I was thirteen years old, my mother left me. And I had to move far away to the other side of the country. Since I was at the threshold of puberty when my mom left me, I wonder if it severed any bond we ever had. Psychologists and whatnot say that it is during our teenage years we develop a personality: values, dreams, fears... My mom was not there to see how I changed, and as a result, she recognized me less and less every holiday. I was no longer the Bella she knew, but she would always be Renée I knew . Gran died of a heart attack a few weeks before the summer holiday. We only had four years together (if you do not count the years after Charlie and Renée's divorce). I am glad I was not the one who found her. I don't want to remember her like that. Dead, that is. She was always very strong. Outspoken. Hardworking. Fearless. Alive . But she never expected the same from those around her. Maybe I was pampered too much? It hurts to think of her. It really does. It was the therapist's idea that I write my thoughts and stuff down. Stuff about Gran – and stuff about my dad. But I really don't know what to say. My dad was a drunk. But he wasn't a mean drunk? Renée told me he developed the habit after their divorce, which makes me kind of mad with her (almost as if it was her fault, but of course it wasn't), however, I never really knew him to begin with so… I don't know what I'm missing. He wanted to take me in after Renée left. He wasn't granted custody and then committed suicide. I was thirteen. Boom. The story of my life. I'm sorry. Even though I never intend for anyone to read this, I still want it to be somewhat novel. I'm never going to be an Anne Frank, but I would still like to read this ten years from now and be able to understand just how I was feeling at this point in my life. You see, right now I'm in his house. My father Charlie's house. I inherited it after he died. Gran tried to sell it, but since he died here, no one wanted it. And right now, Renée, Phil and I live here. In Forks. In a dead man's house. Renèe had all these reasons: money's tight, Phil was able to get a teaching job, she still knows some of the people in the neighbourhood, etc. It is all true, but it doesn't make it okay. Since the house is mine, they actually pay me rent. Which is really weird, too. On the bright side, this means I don't have to travel around the country to see Phil hit a ball with a bat. I haven't been able to sleep, because of the noise from the neighbour house. It's being renovated (or completely demolished and rebuilt, if you want my opinion) as I mentioned. We haven't met the owners yet. They must be loaded, though. I am by no means an architect, but that gigantic piece of minimalism is putting the rest of Forks to shame. I wonder if perhaps Forks is slowly turning into a "rich people resort". Maybe I could sell Charlie's property then? Or maybe I can just sell the house to the new family moving in, so that we no longer ruin the view. That would be nice. A girl can dream. Wow. Suddenly, I'm writing about non-depressing stuff. What happened to my youth? Well, school starts in a couple of days, so I guess I'm just saving up my teenage moodiness for that. Yay. I guess I'll write later? I don't know how to say goodbye to a diary. Bye. Bella slowly closed the aquamarine notebook. It was the first day, since moving to Forks that the sun had come out to shine. No rain, no clouds. The sky was actually blue. It would have been the perfect day to spend stretched out on the lawn if it hadn't been for the never-ending noise from the neighbour. And for the fact that the grass was a little damp. She had wanted to spend the afternoon reading and writing, but she felt too restless to write more, yet too fatigued to do anything remotely productive. Since there was currently no internet connection, she had had the wonderful experience of how it must have been to be a teenager in the nineties this summer. She has almost ended up watching baseball on the battered TV with Phil. Sighing, Bella turned over and looked over at the construction workers, while her hand pulled at the grass beside the blanket. They were working hard. She figured that the family was going to move in any day now and so the men were perfecting everything before their arrival. Bella pulled up more grass. No one had mowed the lawn in ages, so there were more than enough grass straws to free from their earthly bonds. She turned on her back. Three big clouds had appeared on the sky. She knew that even though they now looked like cotton, they would eventually evaporate and rain all over Forks. Eventually. She stood up, and meant to go inside the house, but the shrill voice of Renée's on the phone stopped her. She wanted solitude and silence. Two things that were never to be found in Charlie's house with the construction work going on next door and her mother's ever presence. She wondered if Renée was trying to make up for the last four years of bad parenting. She wasn't sure. Sitting up, she stretched and looked over next door again. She tried to picture who would live there and if there would be babies screaming at night or teenagers like herself staying there. Well, not exactly like herself, since she was no millionaire's daughter. A figure dangling from a rope flashed through Bella's mind. She shook her head in a feeble attempt to erase the imaginary memory and stood up. She was barefoot and the cool grass felt heavenly between her toes. Leaving the blanket behind her on the lawn, she walked towards the newly risen house. The house that made Fork's trees seem small, the house that made it seem like humanity had finally won over nature. The real problem with the new neighbours was that they were the only two houses at the end of the street. The other houses were further away from the woods, while Charlie's house – and the mysterious neighbour's house – were placed a little bit into the forest. Leaving both of the houses in shadow (there was only a small square on the lawn where the sun reached midday) and completely isolated from the rest of the street. And that was why the thought of the new neighbours occupied her mind. Because at some point she would have to interact with them. Technically, she could just ask some of the men working on the house about who was moving in. The house looked fine, so they couldn't possibly be as busy as they were a couple of months ago… Having moved through the trees, Bella now had a clear view of the white building. There were many big windows and she could already imagine her mother spying through them with a set of binoculars. They would also have very high electricity bills, come winter, with all those enormous windows, she mused. Moving even closer – she was trying to think of a natural way of acquiring some dirt on her future neighbours. "Ouch!" Occupied by her own mind, she had stepped on something hard. Looking down, she discovered a hammer. A hammer. A somewhat outdated tool, however, since her expertise of turning trees, bricks and other materials into buildings where people could live and sleep was so limited, she didn't really have that much to say. Except for "ouch", obviously. Picking up the hammer, it was apparent that it belonged to some of the construction workers. It was brand new. It was funny how it had ended up so far from the house, though. Maybe someone had forgotten it while eating lunch, she pondered, weighing the hammer in her hand. On the other hand so did this finding gave her an excellent reason to "trespass". Walking swiftly over the grass field, she saw that there was no one outside. The backdoor was open, though, and she peeked inside. No one was there. Over the deafening sound, she yelled "hello". No answer. Duh, she thought and stepped inside. The first thing she noticed was how tall it was under the ceiling. So much volume. Everything was empty, but the light wooden floor shined and the white walls were very white. She became acutely aware of the fact that she wasn't wearing any shoes. She was seriously considering just leaving the