The Tower Looming Shadows Chapter 1 A/N: This is kind of like an introduction to my story, which I'm posting the first chapter for to gauge feedback as it's pretty out there in terms of AU; please feel free to drop me a message or post feedback as it would really help. Thank you very much to my Beta. The long grass swayed in the violently in the heavy wind as it barreled through the canyon. Tree's, half dead, were on the verge of snapping as they took the heavy brunt of the storm that was currently slamming into the canyon, the grey and red rock was thrown around as fast as the winds could carry them. The weather was often terrible in the canyon, and often caused damage to the large city a few miles from it. They would come and go, seemingly at random, but all the inhabitants of the world knew what caused the strange weather. A tower loomed at the end of the canyon. The dirt and rock surrounding it a grey in colour, devoid of any life. The tower was huge, and stretched into the clouds above it. From any angle it was impossible to see where it ended which sparked rumours to how it would ever be brought down. The width was just as incredible as it's height and spanned the size of five towns across. From the outside it's pale rock like structure was flaky and dank, weathered by hundreds of years worth of storms and assault from the elements. There were no windows in the tower, and only certain individuals could enter it. A terrifying reminder of what the world had once gone through. Some even swore at night, when the wind was low and visibility good that they could see bright green cracks appear all over the tower, as if lightning was erupting was the base and sending tendrils of green light far up into the sky. The tower hadn't always been there however. In fact, the canyon used to be home to a small village of Magicals that were renowned for it's magical talent. Going back a three hundred years there was a Magical, who went by the name of Lord Voldemort, a name on which he fashioned from what he called his 'mortal' name. A name not befitting a ruler. Still to this day, some consider him to be the most powerful Magical there had ever been. His destructive force was so strong he could turn a city to ashes and cinder in mere minutes. The beasts and dark forces he commanded were just as terrible. Beasts that could breathe fire at will, giant trolls with the strength of armies and lifeless monsters that could even suck out your very soul. Lord Voldemort was feared to this day, and his abominations still lingered and tried to cause destruction every day. The Magical had grown up in village of Celine, which resided in the canyon where the tower now stood. Born to a non-magical couple that owned a small farm he soon made a name for himself and brought the village wealth and power with his quickly blossoming abilities. By the age of eleven he was as powerful as any Magical alive, and even challenged those he thought beneath him. His mother was the first to spot the signs of madness, knowing the boy better than anyone. His bloodlust, having been hidden well as he grew up, was starting to appear, cracks in his calm and collected manner. There was a confrontation with his parents, as they didn't agree to his approaches and fixation with power. They were both killed that very night, murdered in the living room. The entire village, save for a few that had escaped, followed their fate. That night Lord Voldemort was born and his previous self burnt to ashes and thrown into the wind, never to return. Over the coming years the village grew with his leadership, but humans didn't occupy the village anymore. Monster and creatures of all natures started appearing and slowly spread until there was but a castle and it's army remaining. No signs that there had ever been a quiet and peaceful village. Neighbouring towns and cities soon caught onto the horrors that were happening, thanks to the few that had escaped to warn them. Armies were created in retaliation, committed to stopping the madness of one man. Magicals were not that common, one born to perhaps every thousand and non-Magicals never stood a chance against Voldemort's army. When the man showed up himself, all that would remain was fire and destruction, no man woman or child would be spared. No one knew what the wanted, most speculated he was just crazed and wanted to rule the planet with his army. It wasn't until fifty years had passed, and nearly the entire globed had been wiped out and replaced with creatures of all kinds, that Voldemort stopped. Godric Gryffindor, Rowena Ravenclaw, Helga Hufflepuff and Salazar Slytherin seemingly appeared out of nowhere, their names never uttered by any living human before. Four extremely powerful Magicals had come together to stop Voldemort. While they weren't as powerful as Voldemort was, between them they knew he could be stopped if they worked together. No one man could be a god, or so they thought. The war had raged on and on, and they were dealt many blows and setbacks but finally the four had come up with a plan to stop him. Together they realised they would only be able to deal him a huge blow, a tactic to stall the monster while the world could come up with a way to destroy him. There were old rituals, ones that consumed a large amount of magic and at the cost of the casters life. These rituals could be expanded upon with the more life force that was forced upon it. The four magicals gathered at the base of Voldemort's castle on a stormy night. Most would think it a suicide mission just to even think about coming as close as the canyons entrance, which was littered with giants and dragons, but the four magicals appeared in front of the gates and erected a dome shield. They immediately came under assault but the shield protected them, but no sound of the outside world could filter in as they worked; not even Voldemort himself could intervene once they started. A large rune was carved into the ground, something no one had ever seen before. The four each stood at a corner, where a unique rune was drawn. They were resembled animals to help pull power from nature itself and also represented how the four felt for what they were doing. A lion, for their bravery in sacrificing their lives to halt evil. A snake, for their cunning in how they figured out a way to stop Voldemort. A badger, which represented their friendship and honour and a raven, to signify their intelligence to perform the rituals. Each Magical placed a hand on their rune and poured their life and magic into it. A huge pillar of bright white light shot up into the sky, carving a hole in the storm and causing the creatures to flee from the light. Voldemort had appeared shortly before at the top of his castle, his mockery had quickly disappeared as he sensed the magic in the air. The pillar of light grew larger, and larger until it enveloped the whole castle and canyon. The dirt and rock started to shake and crack as it was drawn into the light. Lightning slammed into the ground all around them as Voldemort screamed and poured as much magic into stopping the 4 magicals in their ritual. But it was for nothing, the four had succeeded. Before them stood a huge tower that rose into the sky. They reached looked up at it, knowing inside were Voldemort and his monsters. Their plan had worked, Voldemort had been sealed away. The leader of the four, Godric, enacted the final part of the ritual and held up his hand to the tower. A ring, made of gold with a Elantium jewel that resembled a bright amethyst, caught the bright light that was peeking through the parting clouds as a strange mist hung in the air. In the next moment, the four were gone. Only the sound of a steady wind could be heard as their bodies turned to ash and the wind carried them far, far away. The only sign that they had been there was the large runes etched deep into the ground, a symbol that soon turned into legend. "Miss Dumbledore! An honour." A guard in heavy armour replied as the guest lowered the hood of her cloak, and bowed as best he could in the restrictive plate metal. Hermione Dumbledore nodded in reply, so as to not be rude. She was in a state of confusion; on one side she wanted to strangle her best friend and on the other she was worried for that same friend. She adjusted the thin metal breastplate that covered her upper chest and smoothed her dress down her front causing the thin strips of metal that stopped just above her knees to jangle. An outfit was a top and skirt, one that that was becoming popular throughout the cities. Hermione's was, of course, fashioned with some armour in mind, for protection. The entrance to the jail house was an awkward affair, as to make it difficult for those it kept to escape easily and the clothes she was still getting used to were easily pushed into uncomfortable positions. "Where is he?" She asked the guard with a tired voice, she had said that exact sentence far to many times. The guard gestured for her to follow and the pair descended into the jail house. It wasn't overly large but it's thick wooden beams and metal bars kept its occupants securely in place. The large city of Hogsmeade was known for it's bolstering population with a record for low crime, something the other cities seemed to struggle with. That meant they didn't need a huge prison like the others and could easily deal with their citizens in a quiet manner. There were rarely ever any trials. There were strict laws against serious crimes, especially murder. Almost the whole of Hestia, which spanned the planet, went by the book of The Greats. To the younger generation it was a story book, but anyone that really read and understood it knew of what importance it held. The unwritten rules and laws that came from the stories were followed by most and it was considered a crime in of itself to shame The Greats for all they had done. As they both finished walking down the winding stone staircase that led to the cells below Hermione informed the guard he could go back up once she had spotted who she was looking for. "But… Miss Hermione..." He started to protest at leaving someone of her stature alone in a jail cell. She realised he must obviously be new if he had never seen her in there before. She smiled at him and gestured to the other empty cells. "I assure you, he isn't a danger to me and there is no one else here. I will be fine." The guard looked like he wanted to protest but finally relented after informing her he would be just upstairs. She thanked him for his assistance and waited for the sounds of his metal armour to fade before moving over and standing in front of the thick metal bars of the only occupied cell. Inside the dingy grey cell was a boy, lying on a small bed of hay. His scruffy black hair was as messy as always and he was dressed in plain blue cotton top and black trousers. A quick look around the cells and Hermione noticed his light armour on a