A/N: Hello, all! I know this isn't the new chapter of "The Leah Chronicles" that you've been waiting for, but I've been working on this story for a long time, and wanted to get it published before I went back to school. This story takes place a couple of years after TLC, and Leah is in her sixth year at Hogwarts. I am still working on both of my other Harry Potter multi-chapters, but I wanted to get in a one-shot that's set while everyone is still in Hogwarts, and they're all able to be close to one another. I really enjoyed writing this story, since it allowed me to let James, Sirius, and Remus all have their moment to shine. Peter has some moments, but most people who have read my stories know how I feel about him-because of how he betrayed his friends and all-so he didn't do very much. This story originally was going to have an argument between James and someone else and Leah trying to stop them before James snaps at her…however, I didn't have the energy to write it, so I just decided to jump in after the argument ended. DISCLAIMER I DON'T OWN HARRY POTTER AND NEVER WILL I JUST GOT MY BROTHER THE CURSED CHILD BOOK AND SO I'M IN A HUGE HARRY POTTER MODE! Warning: some emotional whumpage, and much brotherly fluff! One thing-normally I have a fantastic beta-FansieFace-who looks over my Harry Potter stories. However, I have lost contact with them for the last few months, and so I don't have a beta for this story. If anyone knows them or is in contact with them, please let them know that I'm hoping to get back in touch with them! Please enjoy " We Look After Our Own "! "She's not going to come talk to you." Lily murmured, staring the Marauders down. The four looked at each other, confused. "What do you mean, Evans?" Sirius queried. "Why wouldn't she talk with us-we're her friends!" "Well, James got frustrated and snapped at her, right?" Lily asked. When the others nodded, she sighed. "With the way Leah is, any time someone gets mad and snaps at her, she takes it way too personally, and won't go near the person for a while. She thinks that the person hates her or something, and won't go near them for a while. She knows she does it, and she hates it, but it's how she deals with criticism and people getting mad at her. She probably feels that way about you guys right now, so she's probably avoiding you out of nervousness." "She thinks we hate her?" Peter squeaked, shock showing on every part of his face. Lily nodded, her face softening a little. "Probably, yeah. She knows that you probably don't, but with her social anxiety, when her close friends get mad at her, it really messes her up, since it's one of her worst fears." The five looked at each other in concern, before Remus sighed. "James and I should probably go find and talk to her. You guys go back to the Tower and do…whatever. Maybe you can actually even study for a change." All three of the other Marauders shuddered, while Remus and Lily just rolled their eyes. Eventually, James slapped Remus on the back. "All right then, Moony-let's go find Leah. Lily, don't let Padfoot break anything." Sirius began to mock-protest, but by the time his friends had turned the corner, they couldn't hear him anymore. Once they were out of the view of anyone else, James pulled out a small piece of parchment, gently touching his wand to it. " I solemnly swear that I am up to no good. " The parchment immediately burst to life, unfolding several times, until the two were looking at the entirety of the Marauders Map. They both quickly looked around, trying to find Leah. "She's not in Ravenclaw Tower…or the library…or the hospital wing…where is she?" They had almost exhausted every option before Remus pointed to a spot on the map. "There she is-she's out by the lake." James nodded, swiftly folding the map up, before both boys dashed off towards the lake. It was a little chilly-since it had just rained the night before-and both Marauders pulled their cloaks a little further around themselves. It took a few moments, but both boys finally spotted Leah leaning against a tall tree near the water. They both dashed over towards her, pulling up a few feet away. After a few moments of hesitation, Remus slowly stepped forwards, sitting on Leah's left side and stretching an arm around her shoulders. The younger girl jumped in surprise, staring in shock at her older friend. "Moony? What are you doing here?" she queried quietly. Remus smiled, his eyes locked on her face. "I wanted to see you again. It's been weird without talking with you a lot this week." "Oh, I'm sure you had a lot of homework and stuff to do." Leah murmured, looking down at the ground. "I mean, you are seventh years and all, so-" Remus placed a hand on Leah's wrist, gently squeezing it to draw her attention. "Leah-sixth year isn't a picnic either. You can't have been having an easy time either-especially with Quidditch and everything else that's going on." The younger prefect continued to look down, but shook her head at his words. She suddenly heard a thump off to her right, and felt a hand rest across her shoulders. "Moony's right, Leah-we want to be sure you're doing okay." "I thought you didn't want me to bother you." Leah murmured, still looking at the ground and avoiding her friends' eyes. From up above her, however, she could hear both of the boys wince. James then cleared his throat. "Yeah, about that…I am sorry, Leah. You just caught me at a bad time, and I snapped at you when I shouldn't have. Will you forgive me?" It only took a few moments, but Leah eventually nodded. Both of her older friends sighed in relief. "Thank you." the Head Boy murmured, gently drawing the younger girl into a hug. As he did so, Remus turned to face her directly. "Leah-are you okay?" "Of course I'm okay…what are you talking about?" she queried. To most people, she would sound completely normal. Her friends, however, caught the tightness and nervousness in her voice, and the fact that she had started to talk faster than she normally did. Remus softly rubbed her shoulder. "You are not okay, Leah, and we all know it. You're tired and stressed out, and we just want to help." Her friends' hands and words seemed to goad her into talking, as she let out a soft, humorless chuckle. "It's just…it's just everything, I guess. School's getting really tough this year, with the insane amount of everything we have to learn and homework we have to do-which I am really behind on, especially Transfiguration and DADA-and my wand, since it's made of dogwood, won't actually perform non-verbal spells, which is what we're learning this whole year , and then I have Quidditch practice on top of that, and a few of the more recent practices have ended with some of the new players arguing with the rest of us, and I'm not sure how we're going to be able to beat you lot with the team we've got right now…or if we'll even be able to score a goal…and I've got all of my prefect responsibilities, which aren't too bad, except for the Slytherin prefect I usually patrol with in the evening kinda hates my guts…not that yours and Lily's plans and schedules aren't good, James, it's just…yeah….and then on top of that, I have to have some semblance of friendships with people…and some semblance of a relationship with Elliot…I mean, he's just as busy as you two are, since he's a seventh year, but…" She sighed, gently rubbing her hands into her eyes briefly. "Let's just say that I haven't gotten a lot of sleep in the last…five months." For a while, the three were quiet, the boys contemplating what their friend had shared, while Leah took a moment to attempt to rest. A minute or so later, the younger girl felt someone poke her in the side. "Hey, Newt-come with us, all right? We've got a way to help you out with some of those things…" She nodded, slowly getting to her feet, her friends wrapping their arms around her shoulders again. From over her head, she could hear the boys conversing. "We should be able to sneak her into the common room…pretty much all of the others are gone for Christmas break. She can hide under the cloak until we get her inside." "Will the Fat Lady see her under the cloak?" "I don't think so…she shouldn't be able to see her. She is a painting, after all." As they continued bantering, they re-entered the castle, heading up the stairs towards the two towers. Instead of taking the path over towards Ravenclaw Tower, however, the boys began to drag Leah off the other way. She briefly attempted to protest, but both James and Remus simply shushed her, and continued pulling her along. By the time they reached the hallway that led directly to Gryffindor Tower, it was rather late. James reached into his bag and pulled out something silver and shimmery. "Here, Leah-I'm going to put this around you, all right? It'll help you get where we want to go." The younger girl nodded, her eyes periodically closing as she stood there. James and Remus quickly pulled the cloak around her, before leading her over towards the Fat Lady's painting, trying to avoid the Fat Lady detecting that Leah was with them. She technically wasn't supposed to be in their dormitory, after all. " Mincemeat Pie ." James murmured. The Fat Lady smiled at them, swinging open. The two boys stepped through the portrait hole, pulling Leah with them. Thankfully, the only people in the common room were Sirius, Peter, and Lily, who were all sitting around the fire. They looked up as the three entered, immediately moving over towards them as James and Remus pulled the Invisibility Cloak off of Leah's shoulders. "Leah? How are you?" Lily queried, gently resting a hand on the younger girl's shoulder. Leah smiled shyly at her friend, before shaking her head. "Well, I, uh…I'm not doing too well." She suddenly let out a large grunt as Sirius enveloped her in a large hug, nearly knocking her off of her feet. "It's good to see you again, Leah. We've missed you." "I've missed you too." she murmured quietly, finally looking up at the older boy. He grinned, pulling her over towards the fire. While he and the others moved over towards the flames, James turned to Lily and Remus. "Lily, we need to look at the patrol schedules later. Leah said that the Slytherin she goes patrolling with hates her. She just mentioned it a few minutes ago, so I didn't have any chance to look it over beforehand." Lily's eyes widened a little, before nodding. "All right-we can take a look at it after we get her settled." The two boys nodded, before heading over to join the group. While they had been talking, Sirius had pulled Leah down to lean against his chest, tucking her head under his chin. Her eyes were constantly flickering, and it seemed like she was going to fall asleep right then and there. "How much sleep did you get last night?" Peter queried, looking over at her from a nearby chair. Leah looked guiltily down at the floor, before Sirius gently tipped her face back up towards them. "How long, Leah?" The quiet and gentle tone of his voice seemed to soothe Leah a bit, as she took a deep breath, before replying, "Four hours or so…three to four, anyways." "Leah-that's not enough