One More Night Chapter One Bella gulped softly as she walked Edward to her window. This was the last night she had as Bella Swan. Tomorrow night she would be Bella Cullen and that is who she would stay until the end of time. "Are you starting to...rethink things?" Edward turned to her and she sighed. "What, the wedding or you changing me?" He shrugged with a kind smirk. "No second thoughts here, Edward. Don't worry." His face contorted from worry to amazement. "Edward, what is it?" She asked softly and a happy smirk graced his face. "Just a pre-nupital surprise from a friend. He doesn't want to come up until I am gone and you can have your privacy." She was confused until it hit her like a brick wall. "Jacob?" Edward smirked and nodded before she smiled happily. "Jake's here? He's back?" Edward chuckled and nodded before giving her a brief hug. "Have fun with your best man, love." She nodded before he moved back to the window and he stopped, looking to her. "I'll see you tomorrow." She nodded silently. "See you." He nodded before he jumped out and ran off. She ran her hands through her hair nervously as she waited and waited for her friend to come up. Come on, Jake. Hurry up already! I've waited two months to see you. She pleaded in her head as she sat on her bed, then she heard a quiet bang, seeing one russet hand clutch her window sile. "Jake!" She exclaimed excitedly as he climbed in and she ran to him, straight into his strong, warm, welcoming arms. He lightly chuckled as he pressed his cheek to the top of her head. Finally, she felt at peace. She had missed him so much that it felt like a piece of her heart had been missing until she was in his arms. "Hey, Bells...Long time no see." He spoke softly and sweetly as she hugged her arms around his waist. "I can't believe you're here." He lightheartedly chuckled while he rubbed her back. "You didn't think I would miss seeing you the last night you are Miss Swan, did you?" She giggled before she pulled away, a light blush gracing her cheeks. "I wasn't sure if I would get to see you before I leave tomorrow night." He took notice of the packed boxes around the room before he looked into her eyes, sadness lingering for both of them. Quickly, she moved back to his arms with a contented sigh and he joined in with his own, mimicking the noise she made. "I'm so glad you are here. Now, it's perfect." He chortled before kissing the top of her hair. "I figured you might not want to be alone tonight since the bride and groom aren't supposed to see each other." He spoke quietly, grief-stricken. "There isn't anyone else I'd rather spend tonight with." She looked up at him and both smiled happily. "Charlie was called into the station so it's just you and me." He smiled wider before stroking her cheek. Her breath caught in her throat from the intimate gesture and she stared up into his beautiful, cinnamon eyes. She had missed him more than he could ever know. "I'm sure he would probably have a heart attack if he saw me up here...with you...especially the night before you are to-" She shook her head before taking his hand in hers, something she had never done before. "Please, don't talk about that." She definitely didn't want to talk about what was supposed to happen in the morning with anyone, hoping to ignore it, especially when it was Jacob that was talking about it. He smirked down at her in response. "Why? Having second thoughts?" She sighed sadly, wanting so badly to tell him how she was feeling, but he chuckled lightly, rolling his eyes. "I know. Only in my dreams would you be having second thoughts." She gulped before looking away. "That's not it. Are really okay to be here?" She asked, concerned for his state of mind. He couldn't hide how heartbroken he was over her. His face was covered in a five o'clock shadow, his hair disheveled, and he had bags under his eyes. He wasn't in a good place. "You worried that I'm going to throw a tantrum?" Just as he asked that rhetorical question, she heard growls coming from outside her window. His expression soured as he bit his lip. "You're not the only one." She moved around him and looked out the window, seeing Paul and Sam in wolf form, lingering just inside of the tree line. "Are they seriously here to make sure you behave?" He shrugged, sadness in his eyes, and she shook her head. "Not at my house, they aren't." His eyes widened before she stuck her head out the window. "Sam, Paul, I don't want your protection so go home!" She slammed the window before she turned to him and she swore he sported a real smile. "You aren't worried?" She shook her head before slowly strolling towards him. "Where you are concerned, I'm not worried about my safety. I never have been and I never will be." He smirked as he took her hand, getting a soft gasp from his intense heat, and she looked up at him through her lashes. "I'm not so used to your heat anymore." He chuckled gently as she smoothly rubbed her hands from his palm up over his forearm until her fingers gingerly touched his elbow. He gently took her other hand and she did the same as she had to his other, a light gasp left her lips. He began to get worried from the silence other than her breathing until she pressed her forehead to his chest. "I missed how warm you are." She explained herself and he softly chuckled. "It's seemed ten times as cold without you around." His breath caught in his throat from her sweet, affectionate words and he wanted to kiss her, but he stopped himself, softly pressing his forehead to the top of her head. "Ditto, Bells." She smirked happily to herself before taking in his woodsy musk, joy and contentment filled her, as he ran his thumbs along her forearms. Her soft, cool skin was relaxing under his touch and they both felt at peace. "I didn't think I'd ever get to touch you again." She spoke barely above a whisper, but it was loud enough for him to hear. He knew this was more than he had ever gotten out of her, affection wise, and he wasn't initiating it or asking for it. Something was different and he knew it. He could feel it from her reaction to him. Maybe, just maybe, this time would be different from all the others. Maybe, he finally was enough. "What is it, Bells?" He spoke softly and she tilted her head back, looking up to him with such emotion in her eyes. "What is what?" She spoke quietly as he took one of his hands from hers, getting a surprised gasp, before he placed his hand to her flushed cheek, a contented sigh leaving her lips. With a shaky hand, she placed her palm over his, a soft breath leaving her lips, and he pressed his forehead to hers. "You are acting like I'm your favorite person in the world." She gulped and nodded before gazing into his eyes, a look of love shining in her eyes. "You are. You always have been." He smirked before a relieved sigh left his lips. A thought hit him that made him sad though. "I'm your favorite person in the world and you are reacting to me like I'm him , but you are marrying him tomorrow." She gulped, averting his gaze. "Tell me why." She nodded with a sigh. He deserved the truth, if this was the last time she would see him as a human and as an unmarried woman. "Because I missed you like crazy." She looked up into his eyes, seeing his normal grin he always had been she made him happy. "I love you and I can't stand that I haven't seen you or heard your voice or felt your touch in over two months, Jake." His heart sputtered when she told him that she loved him. "This isn't easy like it used to be, before you made me realize that I loved you." He frowned and removed himself from her, earning a gasp from the loss of his touch, as he walked around her and sat on her bed. "I'm all ears." She gulped and nodded as she hugged her chest with her cool arms, hurting from the loss of his warmth. "You don't need to really say anymore. I've heard it all before. You love me, but it's not enough because it's always been him ." She gulped and shook her head. "That's not what I was going to say, Jake. You're wrong." He quirked an eyebrow at her and the look in his eyes sent a shiver down her spine. "I never said you weren't enough. I never said it would always be Edward. I never said any of that. It was never that you weren't enough because you are enough." She saw the hope in his eyes as she ran her hands through her hair, pulling it all back. "It wasn't about you and Edward, Jake, or what either of you could give me out of life. I never had a choice. That's what you didn't understand, what you obviously still don't." He was shocked by what she said and he moved to his feet, making it to her in a single stride, before taking her hands in his. "Then, what is it? Whatever it is, we can figure it out." She gulped and shook her head. "It's the fact that the one time I didn't listen to you when I should have destroyed any chance I would have at living a nice, long, happy human life." He still wasn't sure what she meant and she noticed. "Do you remember when I had to run off with Alice to Italy to stop Edward from killing himself?" Jacob nodded and she took a deep breath. "We went to the oldest family of vampires in existence called the Volturi. They live in Volterra, Italy and they have nearly fifty vampires, all older than any of the Cullen's." He gulped and nodded before averting his gaze. "He tried to get them to kill him by telling them...about me." Jacob gasped, eyes wide, before she took a deep breath. "He thought I was dead so he thought they would kill him for letting a human know about vampires, but when I showed up to stop him from revealing himself to more people, it became a problem." He rubbed her hands before placing them on his chest. "A problem? How?" She gulped before looking into his eyes, regret filling her. "Because they are the vampires who keep the vampire world a secret. If a human finds out about vampires and the Volturi finds out about them, they are given two choices. Die or...be changed." He nodded. "So you promised to become a vampire? How would they know any different?" She sighed before releasing herself from him, moving to sit on her bed, crossing her legs. "Because they planned to come to Forks and check on me. They already did and gave Edward a warning about stalling my transition. They said that if they came to check on me again and I wasn't a vampire that they would kill the Cullen's and me. Do not pass 'Go'. Do not collect $200." She rubbed her hands on her leggings before she looked up to him. "I don't want them coming here. They are the reason your hair stands on end when the Cullen's are around and they are responsible for thousands, maybe more, werewolves. Killing