Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, setting, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. All other concepts and ideas from other books or stories belong to their respective authors. No copyright infringement is intended. Avant Heim Life is simple in the town of Surrey. An average-sized town in the southern part of the Avant Heim Kingdom. There are no major structures of government and the only large building in the town was the manor of the Nott family which was above a hill overseeing the entire town. It has everything that you'd possibly find in a town. A market, bakery, blacksmith, and even a small central plaza. Due to being in the southern part of the kingdom which was hard to traverse due to large forests, and tall mountains in between, news and technology from the capital rarely reaches the town but it doesn't really affect the lives of its people. The kingdom itself is a very large island which is divided into 5 main parts. The Capital, Northern Region, Eastern Region, Western Region and the Southern Region. The Capital being the most progressive of all with the Royal Family living in it. The center of all trading within the kingdom and having the strongest military force. Ranging from the strongest known mages to the most skilled swordsmen. In the north, where the temperature is mostly low, its people are famous for their hunting capability to adapt to such extreme weather. The Eastern region, home of one of the kingdom's well known swordsman, Arthurius or Arthur is a region boasting its capability to train and produce such skilled infantry. If one is to look for a near-perfect crafting of weapons, this is the place to go. This is also the nearest to the Capital which makes it really helpful to send troops and reinforcement at a short notice. While the Eastern region is the place for warriors, the Western Region is the place where Magic is mostly found. Magicians, Oracles, Wizards, and other magic practitioners reside in this region. Due to this, there has been a rivalry between the two regions on which is stronger. Magic or Might. On a side note, due to the abundance of mana in this area, different kinds of creatures, be it beasts, serpents, humanoids or faeries can be found here as they bask in the rich atmosphere. And lastly, the Southern Region where the rest of the citizens stay. Unlike the other four parts, this region has nothing special to boast about. Aside from the fact where future members of the cavalry, future mages, future hunters often stay here in their early years before venturing out to seek their passions. "Harry! Go get the forge ready! We have three sets of orders from the Nott family!" A gruff, elderly voice called out from the window of a two-storey house with a forge beside it. Opening his eyes, a young man, no older than sixteen rose up from his comfortable position on the roof of his house. Stretching a bit, he replied. "Sure thing Uncle Vernon! I'll be there right away!" Standing up, he dusted himself before looking around him. "Wonderful weather we have right now. Good time for some forging!" He said to himself as walked towards the attic window as he returns inside. Xxx Scene Break xxX Harry always loved to explore. His relatives didn't really mind his tendencies to wander off when they go hunting. Being orphaned since he was a baby, Harry had no recollection from his parents aside from the very few stories his Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon tell him. The only thing he knows is that his father, James Potter was a high ranking general in the Capital before while his mom, Lily Evans was a well-known spell weaver for the Royal Family. He loved his relatives but a part of him wishes to leave Surrey and explore the kingdom. Vernon was a large man, both due to genetics and due to the many hours spent working the forge. Most of his size was due to his large muscles and he looked strong enough to pull a carriage on his own. He had short, dark hair, a bushy black moustache, with hardly any neck and small, blue eyes. Vernon was large both in size and personality and many in the town knew not to be around when he was angry at something. He was a simple man who inherited the blacksmith after his mentor passed the title down before passing away. He was ecstatic because it meant he could finally provide a better life for his family. However, being the owner of the blacksmith he would get the bulk of the earnings and that meant his income would triple if not more, more than enough to provide for his family. "Thanks lad. You did good today. Now why don't you go meet Dudders at the Plaza? I reckon he wanted to go to the restaurant where Lady Claire is always at." He chuckles to himself as he took all the forged blades and wrapped them in cloth before putting them inside a crate. "Cheeky bastard. Ogling older women..." Harry laughed and assisted his uncle. "Well, we can't really deny that Lady Claire is really pretty and we are still teenagers so almost anything that has breasts and a pretty face is sure to get out attention." He told him as he wipes the anvil. Vernon grunted in response as he took a seat on a stool. "Well, I guess you do have a point. Still, go watch him for me will ya? Don't want them nobles on our badside." He told Harry has they both finished forging for the day. "Sure, I'll just get changed and I'll be on my way." Harry said as he took of his blacksmiths apron and went inside. "Harry!" A woman's voice can be heard from inside of the house. "Need I remind you to always dust yourself off before walking back inside the house! I just cleaned it this morning!" "Sorry Aunt Petunia! I'll make it up to you later!" Laughing lightly at the banter, Vernon stood up and dusted himself off before entering the house. He was lucky to have someone like Harry. A responsible and hardworking nephew that despite his lectures, still does small jobs for other people in the town to earn for himself. The boy felt like he was freeloading and a burden (which they never thought he was) and wanted to pay the family back for them taking him in. Though Dudley wasn't really a lazy slob, Harry was the more active of the two cousins. But despite everything they've given him, Vernon knows that Harry wishes to go out and explore the world. He could see it in the boys eyes. Vernon sadly sighed to himself as he was greeted by Petunia who was making Lunch for the two of them. Petunia wasn't the type of woman who would win beauty pageants. She was thin and slightly bony with a modest bosom and a slender figure. The pregnancy had left its marks and she was slightly pudgy in areas she wasn't before but was slowly working them off to regain her old figure. Despite this, Vernon thought her the most beautiful woman in the world and the proud smile on her face filled his heart with joy. He heard the front door open and the sound of footsteps going away and figured that Harry must've changed and left. "What's wrong dear?" Petunia asked with a slight tilt of her head as she is currently wearing an apron and holding a ladle. Walking forward to greet his wife with a small kiss, he replied. "It's just that I get the feeling that Harry would want to leave soon. As soon as I retire and hand over the ownership to Dudley, I know he'll probably want to leave town and find what he wants in his life." Vernon chuckled solemnly to himself. "You know, I never thought I'd be attached to the little runt that was left on our doorstep fifteen years ago after the supposed death of his parents." He said as he wrapped his arms around Petunia. Smiling contentedly in response, "It's hard to not like Harry. You know how he is." Petunia replied in a rueful manner. "But you also know we can't keep him forever. His life is not here. It's out there." Petunia then let go of Vernon's arms as she went back to cooking. "And though I'll be really sad that I have to say goodbye to one of my sons, I know that I'd be hoping and praying for the best." She smiled to herself as she remember the times when little Harry was very insistent to learn from her. Embarrassingly, Harry was Petunia's favorite while Dudley was more close to his father. From the simple thoughts of helping her in daily chores and making her daily life a lot easier, to the times when Harry would randomly surprise them and treat the two of them out when he has spare earnings, Petunia could say to herself that despite not giving birth to him, she already considered Harry to be one of her sons. "Damn. I'm not used to being sentimental like this." Vernon chuckled to himself. "Of course you're not. Which is why I find these rare moments really cute of you." Petunia shot back while giggling slightly. "Oh that's it!" Vernon growled as he scooped his wife up in his arms as he carried her to their room. "You're getting it dear wife!" He said as his wife squealed in his arms. Xxx Scene Break xxX Harry had lived with his relatives for as long as he could remember. When he had asked about his parents, he had simply been told that they didn't know due to his parents living in the Capital. And the only thing they know is that they found him at their doorstep fifteen years ago. Either way, Harry guessed it didn't matter. They died and now he lived with his relatives. Life with them was nice and simple. But Harry knows his heart wishes for more. And he also wanted to know more about the life of his parents. He wishes to see what sort of lives they used to live and where they have been staying before they died. "Oh hi there little Harry! What brings you out of the forge today?" A woman who owns a bakery asked as she saw him pass by. "Have someone you'd like to meet? Is it a girl? My poor daughter would be so heartbroken to find her crush with another." She teased him. Waving and blushing slightly in response, Harry replied. "I'll just be meeting Dudley at the Plaza! He wants me to be with him at the restaurant! You know full well that I have no relationship yet. Oh, and tell Aria I said hi!" He said as he walked pass her bakery. The years of working the forge had done Harry good. At 15 years of age, he had grown muscular but not overly so. More like a runner or a swimmer than someone who depended solely on strength. His black hair was messy no matter what he did to comb it but actually looked good when combined with his emerald green eyes. All in all, Harry was considered quite handsome by most of the girls in the village. This lead to his clients often asking if he'd like to date their daughters in which the latter always feels flustered about. He saw his cousin waiting and tapping his foot impatiently at the plaza. "What took you so long? Come on! I'm hungry and want to be there before the restaurant is full." Harry laughed at