Chapter 1: Reconnaissance In the Great Hall, all eyes were on the Durmstrang students near the door. The Beauxbatons students had already settled themselves at the Ravenclaw table, to the Ravenclaws' delight. "They'll be sitting here, won't they?" asked Pansy, her eyes flickering between the Slytherin table and the group of students. "Where else would they go?" replied Draco, trying to spot Krum in the group. "Surely not Gryffindor." "We should make some space for them before they settle on Gryffindor, then," said Pansy. She turned to the third years sitting a few seats down and motioned for them to move over. There was a subtle shuffling to the left and Pansy moved to the right along with Daphne and Millicent. Draco inched to the right before turning back to look at the Durmstrang students. They were moving quite steadily towards the Slytherin table. Draco snapped his head back. "May ve sit here?" said an unfamiliar voice a moment later. "Oh, of course," replied Blaise, shifting closer to Draco. The six new arrivals settled along both sides of the table, pulling off their heavy furs. Underneath, they were wearing the same shade of blood red robes as their cloaks. Draco was internally jumping with excitement at meeting the Durmstrang students and especially Viktor Krum, but the new arrivals didn't seem very sociable. Unsure about what to say, Draco looked away and instead listened to them murmur among themselves about the Hall's starry ceiling, the golden tableware and the lighting. "I didn't know your school was so beautiful, Draco," said the boy across from him. Draco looked up at him, astonished. Why does this Durmstrang student seem to know him? "Yes, ah—the ceiling is enchanted. It's slightly annoying on sunny days though," said Draco, his mind desperately flipping across all the names he knew. It would be extremely embarrassing if he forgot the name of someone he has met before. "I shall watch out," said the blue-eyed boy, and he laughed almost knowingly. "Maybe we should reintroduce ourselves." "Malfoy, Draco Malfoy," said Draco, offering his hand hesitantly. "Yassen. We met at my family home during the summer ball, I believe," replied the other, smiling graciously as they shook hands. "Yassen?" echoed Draco, his eyebrows raising. Indeed, he had recollection of a kid named Yassen because Father made him memorize the guest list every party. "Why, you've changed…a lot." "We met as very young children, after all, but I couldn't say the same about you," said Yassen, smiling as he ran a hand through his whitish-blonde hair. His eyes flickered to Blaise. "Mr.—Zabini, I presume?" "Yes. Just Blaise, please," said Blaise as they shook hands. "Then please extend that courtesy to me as well." The rest of Draco's Slytherin classmates were listening intently and Pansy looked as if she was about to speak when the blue-clad Beauxbatons students leapt to their feet with a clatter. They sat down after Madame Maxime did, but the Hall remained silent as Dumbledore remained standing, an arm raised. Draco glanced at Yassen and Viktor Krum down the table before turning to look at Dumbledore. "Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, ghosts and—most particularly—honored guests," said Dumbledore, beaming at the foreign students. "I am pleased to welcome you all to Hogwarts. I hope and trust that your stay here will be both comfortable and enjoyable. The tournament will be officially opened at the end of the feast. I now invite you all to eat, drink, and make yourselves at home!" The golden plates filled with food and Draco found the selection surprisingly normal. He dug in. There was surprise in the tone of the foreign students' chatter as they surveyed the selection. "So Blaise, what subjects do you take?" said Yassen, gazing intently to Draco's right. "There's Transfiguration, Charms, History of Magic…Defence against the Dark Arts, Potions, Herbology and Astronomy. And for the electives, I take Arithmancy and Ancient Runes." "You seem to enjoy the theoretical side of life." "Not exactly," muttered Blaise. "It's just that the alternatives are Divination, Muggle Studies and Care of Magical Creatures. Which Draco is taking, now that I think of it." Yassen laughed. "I regret it very much, thank you," said Draco, glaring at Blaise. "Just this year, our teacher created some terrible cross-breed he calls Blast-Ended Skrewts. It sounds just like its name, but worse. The worst is that we are supposed to keep them alive instead and that's all we'll do the entire year." "It's a cross between a manticore and a fire crab," added Pansy, leaning across Millicent. "I see. It is an interesting combination," said Yassen. "But hardly suitable for teaching—it may be better to teach about more commonly seen creatures." "Exactly!" said Draco, suppressing a sudden urge to scowl at Hagrid. "What about Durmstrang, Yassen? What subjects are you taking?" "We have many similar subjects, like Charms and Transfiguration. I suppose I won't bore you with the details—but there isn't anything like Muggle Studies." "What's your favourite subject then?" asked Blaise. "Perhaps Spell Research." "Durmstrang has that?" said Draco, his lip curling. "If only they had advertised that, Father would definitely have sent me there instead. Mother didn't want to, but our curriculum here at Hogwarts is so lacking." "I don't think any of the wizarding schools do advertising, you know," said Blaise. "But Hogwarts is still an excellent school," said Yassen, smiling. "I would love to see what you have learnt in class. Who is the best student in your year?" Draco glanced at his housemates, who were very obviously listening in. The answer was obvious, but no one present was keen on saying it. Yassen continued eating, but his eyes remained on the Slytherins. "To be extremely objective," said Draco sourly after a short pause, his eyes narrowed. "Solely in terms of grades, it's the mudblood Granger. But I don't think grades are everything." Yassen nodded. "Especially for the Triwizard tournament." "Do you think you'll be chosen?" asked Blaise, finishing the last of his food. "I wish I was old enough!" "Only the Goblet of Fire knows," said Yassen, tilting his head slightly. "It's a pity they imposed an age restriction this year, but at least the tournament was reinstated." "The moment has come," announced Dumbledore, causing all conversation to cease. Bagman and Crouch were announced and Filch approached the Headmaster with a bejeweled wooden casket. Dumbledore withdrew his wand and tapped the casket thrice. It creaked open slowly. He gently removed the Goblet, holding its bulk in one hand. Blue flames tipped white danced energetically in the Goblet. "Anybody wishing to submit themselves as champion must write their name and school clearly upon a slip of parchment and drop it into the goblet…" Draco started to tune out. "…I think it is time for bed. Good night to you all." Draco snapped out of his daze in time to see Igor Karkaroff stride briskly towards the Durmstrang students. "Back to the ship, then," he said, clapping Viktor Krum's shoulder. "How are you feeling, Viktor?" Almost as one, the red-clad students stood from the table and pulled on their fur cloaks. Karkaroff, still fussing over Krum, turned and led his students towards the door. "Draco; Blaise—it was a pleasure to meet you," said Yassen, nodding politely at the pair before following after Karkaroff. "I didn't know you knew someone from Durmstrang," exclaimed Pansy as they headed towards the dungeons, her face animated. "How did you two meet?" Draco crinkled his nose. "Father brought me along to some fancy ball for the summer solstice—all the children were put in a room together—you get the idea." "I don't think he ever said his last name, did he?" That made Draco pause. "He was introduced to me with the Makhov family," he said slowly, "so he must be their son." "Maybe it's a cultural practice. They're quite different…see, the foreign students aren't a very sociable lot, are they?" said Blaise. "I know you're a big fan of Krum, Draco, but most of them look sullener than that portrait near the staircases." "I don't care how sullen they are," retorted Draco. "They must get to learn so much more magic! And we get things like Divination and Blast-Ended Skrewts…? Who knows what else Hogwarts neglects to teach—Merlin, if only Mother allowed me to attend Durmstrang…" Draco didn't see the Durmstrang or Beauxbatons students at breakfast the next day. The decorations around the Great Hall had been replaced with the familiar Halloween Feast decorations and conjured bats fluttered around the Hall, most congregating in a shadowy corner away from the morning sun. "Do you want to head to the library? We still have to write Professor Snape's essay," said Pansy. Their plans were foiled, however, a minute after they reached the library. Despite it being a Saturday morning, Krum was already up studying. His fans, too, were up and causing a subtle buzz through the library. "I wonder why he's here alone," muttered Blaise as he followed after Draco. "Who could study with a bunch of girls whispering from all directions? I'm surprised Krum can stand it," said Draco. "Maybe he enjoys it?" said Pansy, laughing and shaking her head bemusedly. "We could practice some Transfiguration instead." Draco nodded in assent. "Yes. Let's go to the lake—it's quiet and I could use some sun." On the way down through the entrance hall, they passed Potter and his friends. "Oh, look who it is," drawled Draco. "Going to get some new robes for the big event, are you, Weasley? If you used a Sticking Charm on the grass it may just look better than your current ones." "Malfoy, you git—" growled Weasley and Potter at the same time and looked as if they were about to withdraw their wands. "Not. Now," said Granger in a tone of finality. She whispered something to them. Both groups gave the other a nasty, suspicious glare before they walked off in opposite directions. "Probably going to visit that crazy oaf," whispered Pansy, glancing back at them surreptitiously. They reached the edge of the lake in no time. The expanse of the water surface was smooth, only broken by the bulk of Durmstrang's enchanted ship and the little rocks and pebbles surrounding the lake bank. A figure clad in blood red was perched on the bank, striking against the pale blue of the morning sky. Hearing the noisy footsteps of the new arrivals, he turned around and waved once in acknowledgement. "Here to admire the lake?" asked Yassen. "Not really—we wanted to practice some spells," said Draco, choosing a smoother piece of rock to sit on. Yassen had stood up to shake hands with Pansy, Crabbe and Goyle. When they were all seated, Draco spoke. "Have you put your name in the Goblet already?" "I have. Karkaroff woke us up at five in the morning to do it. I'm rather tired," said Yassen, leaning back and sighing. "What spells are you practicing?" "Transfiguration, like the Vanishing Spell," said Pansy. "In your fourth year?" asked Yassen, his eyebrows rising. "I'll trust you all to not vanish me by accident then." Draco wasn't sure whether that was an insult or a compliment. "What did you learn during your fourth year, then?" asked Blaise. "A lot. Dueling, for one." "I was going to ask you for a demonstration, but now I'm not too sure." "A party trick for you…" Yassen grinned and suddenly, snow started falling in the rough circle they were sitting in. Pansy gingerly reached out his palm and caught a snowflake. "It's real snow," she said with mild surprise. "Indeed," said Yassen flippantly, but he had turned his attention to the Great Lake. "But what creatures live in this lake? I was considering a swim, but rumor has it that there is some giant minotaur squid hybrid that swims—" They laughed. "Yes, there is a giant squid," said Draco, smiling. "But by Merlin's robes, it's just a squid. Whoever added the minotaur part?" "The Slytherin dormitories