RapidPeril By Carolyn Golledge With Eleanor Tremayne Chapter One Surprise Attack "Not good," Gimli said, scowling down at the raging river from the rocky embankment. "No," Aragorn agreed, hearing the comment even above the deafening roar of white water rapids. Sarn Gebir, the ugliest and most dangerous stretch of the mighty Anduin lay ahead of them. He rubbed his jaw, then turned and looked back and down the way they had come. It was a very rough track, strewn with boulders overgrown with scrub and small trees. They had walked at least a mile and still the Sarn Gebir rapids showed no sign of abating. He had known they might have to porter the boats around this section of the Anduin, but he had hoped it would be a shorter stretch. He looked up as Boromir returned from his forward scouting, Merry and Pippin as ever clambering along at his side like ducklings with their mother. Aragorn smiled as Boromir growled warning and threw out a hand to grab Pippin's coat, hauling him away from the treacherous footing of some loose shale. Pippin grinned up at the Man and bounced on around him to report cheerfully, "If you think it's bad here you should see it down there!" Gimli grunted and shook his head. Aragorn lifted a questioning eyebrow at Boromir who climbed over a jumble of boulders to stand at his side. "That's about the sum of it," Boromir said, a smile tugging at his lips despite the bad news as Pippin dodged the big hand that would otherwise have mussed his already wind-blown hair. "And there's more boulders to climb around down there, too," Merry added. "And thorn bushes," Pippin said. "Lots of thorns." "So why do the three of you look so cheerful?" Gimli asked. "We don't like boats," Pippin said. Merry nodded agreement, "It's good to stretch our legs a bit." "We'll lose ground and time to the enemy," Aragorn said, sighing as he met Boromir's eyes. They both knew only too well how dangerously exposed they would be as they carried the boats. Boromir nodded. "The track is rough, but if Gimli puts his axe to use, we could have all three boats on the other side by nightfall. There's a small cave there that would hide us for the night." "Some good news at last," Gimli said. "And you get to use your axe!" Pippin added, trying for some more morale boosting. "I'd rather dull my blade on Orc heads than tree trunks." "Let's hope you don't get your wish," Boromir said, and began moving up river to where they had left Legolas with Sam and Frodo. Aragorn walked as close to the other Man's side as the overgrown track would allow, though he need not have worried that the others would overhear above the roar of white water. "If we have to retreat onto the river, how bad will it be?" "Bad," Boromir said succinctly. "About half a mile further on, it narrows again and in the middle of the current there are shallows where debris has piled up on sharp rocks. Immediately behind that is a monstrous whirlpool." He met Aragorn's eyes with equal worry, lowering his voice to add, "If attack comes, I hope it's after we have the boats beyond that point at least. Despite our good Elf friend's reassurances about the boats, no wood can survive being pinned by a flood tide against such stone teeth. Or dragged under by the powerful suction of a whirlpool." Aragorn noted his friend had left unspoken their greatest fear – none of the Hobbits could swim. "You think it's still raining up river, then?" Boromir nodded, distracted as he picked his way through thorny scrub that hid an outcropping of rocks. "The river has risen higher already." Aragorn sighed and said nothing but stepped around Boromir who had turned back to check on what Aragorn now also thought of as the other Man's 'little ones'. This looked set to be a long difficult day. He should have expected such after the relatively easier going of the past two days with the river obediently and effortlessly carrying them ever southward. South toward Gondor and the Falls of Rauros that would soon enough force decisions on them all. Boromir cursed as his foot slipped on some loose shale and the weight of the boat immediately threatened to push him over the side of the embankment. His shield shifted and thumped against his back, annoying him. He was leading, hands at his back as he gripped the prow tightly in his gloved fists. Aragorn followed, carrying the heavier stern. They were portering the second boat after very hard going with the first one. Their reward had been in both securing one boat safely to wait ahead, and too, they'd spotted what appeared a much better, if higher route this time. The footing was not as bad here as it had been on the lower track which was considerably more muddy and covered with vines hiding rocks. Boromir was amazed they'd managed the first trip without anyone breaking an ankle. This leg wasn't all that much easier, the sharper slope making it harder to hold to the boat. ' We should change positions for the last boat, ' Boromir decided. ' Aragorn would do better finding the footing because I, as Faramir is so fond of reminding me, make a wonderful beast of burden but am no Ranger. ' The memory made him smile as he steadied himself and took another careful step forward, the going tricky as the bank dipped into a small, overgrown scrubby gully. It was as well Legolas had the watch, leaving the Men free to concentrate on their difficult and tiring work. Ahead of them he could see the grey-green mass of thorn bushes where Gimli was hacking away enthusiastically, no doubt imagining orc heads flying. Merry and Pippin gingerly pulled at the cut branches with their gloved hands, having made it their job to clear the path of both scrub and rocks where needed. Behind came Frodo, with Sam, loyal as ever, occasionally lending a bracing shoulder. Though Frodo had regained some strength after the respite found in Lothlorien, he was again already showing signs of an unnatural fatigue. ' The Ring be cursed! ' Boromir scowled, then sighed as the thing seemed somehow to hear his thought. It leered at him, filling his mind with ludicrous images of all it could give him. It was only toying with him now, not responding to his hostility with the usual scenes of Minas Tirith under siege and his men dying, but rather promising him riches, feasts, a life of luxury and ease. The thing should know by now that such a life held no true appeal for a born soldier. ' I'd be bored witless in a day! ' He grinned then chuckled as Pippin caught the grin and gave him a proud thumbs up followed by a bowing wave to direct him to the cleared path. Disgruntled by his cheerfulness, the sour shadow of The Ring fled his thoughts and he returned his full attention to the weight of the boat and the sloping slippery path. "Orcs! Wargs!" Legolas shouted in sudden breathless warning from above and behind. Boromir swore. He couldn't drop the boat here, it would slide straight into the river, possibly colliding with the Hobbits. Gimli went charging up slope past him, scrambling with more agility than Boromir would have credited to reinforce the rearguard. Merry and Pippin were already urging Frodo and Sam into the cover of the piled thorn branches behind the rocky outcropping. "There!" Boromir pointed with his chin and tugged the prow of the boat upslope toward a jutting hunk of black rock. "I see it!" Aragorn shouted back, bracing to take more weight. Boromir heaved, grunted and lifted the prow onto his shoulder, taking the burden so Aragorn could angle the stern about and wedge it behind the rock. Boromir dumped his end in time to see Legolas and Gimli flying downslope toward them, dodging a hail of black-fletched arrows. "Wargs!" Aragorn snarled, taking cover behind the boat to unsling his bow. The stench of the creatures was thick on the otherwise fresh river breeze. One of the creatures thundered into view, its shoulders bristling with Legolas' arrows, its orc rider already felled. Blundering, stumbling, the thing set to leap the boat. "Gondor!" Boromir bellowed, lunging to his feet and slicing his sword-blade quick and hard into the belly. Spraying blood and gore blinded him a moment as he followed through with his shoulder, shoving the falling beast so that it would not slide into the Hobbits on the slope below. The Warg triggered a rockslide with it as it tumbled over the embankment, impacting with a mighty fountaining of river water from far below that still reached high enough to douse Merry and Pippin who had come to their feet, blades drawn. "Down!" Boromir yelled, swinging his shield from his shoulder onto his left forearm and bringing it up to guard his heart. Arrows whistled about him and he needed to take his own advice. He ducked then came smoothly to his feet, using the boat as part cover to gain Aragorn's side. Legolas and Gimli felled many, but still more poured over the lip of the slope, meeting death on the Men's sword blades. Somehow, over the noise of both the river and the battle, Boromir heard or sensed a cry of alarm from Pippin. He turned just enough to see while felling another enemy and yelled warning to Aragorn, "They have our flank!" Breathlessly, Aragorn nodded, Legolas fell back to him, and Gimli joined Boromir who charged downslope to aid the Hobbits. Merry and Pippin, he noted with pride, had bought them just enough time, slicing upward from cover to maim the leading Orcs. Then Boromir was there, his blade singing, slicing enemy heads from shoulders. Gimli came to a sliding halt close by, leaving enough leeway to swing his axe, and the orc charge slowed a little. This was the main band, Boromir realized, the other had been a feint. They were intent on reaching the Hobbits. The first party of archers had achieved its aim, and were keeping Aragorn and Legolas pinned under a barrage of arrows. A familiar stench fouled the air and another Warg charged clear of the wooded ridge. Boromir stepped forward, threw his dirk and felled its rider. At the same time, he caught sight of a much larger Orc archer partially hidden by the trees. It was much taller and more solidly built and wore some kind of white paint, like a hand, slashed across its face. The Warg charged downslope and Boromir took a wild swing at its legs, hoping to divert it from smashing through the Hobbit's partial shelter. The sword blade thudded hard into flesh and, caught in a tangle of legs, it dragged Boromir to his knees. He tried to hold onto the sword hilt, but it was wrenched from his grip. The crippled creature bellowed rage and attempted to turn back at its attacker, losing balance and toppling headlong down the slippery slope. Cursing, Boromir lunged after it, then saw with relief his sword snag and fall free. The Warg disappeared over the high embankment, smashing brush and small trees on the edge before plunging into the wild river. Boromir dropped to his haunches and slid a little way downslope toward his fallen sword, his left hand holding the shield and his right snatching at saplings and rocks to slow his pace. He snared the sword and lurched to his feet, swaying unsteadily a moment on the precarious incline. Frodo and Sam watched him wild-eyed from amid the thorn bushes to his left. He spared them what he hoped was a reassuring smile and waved at them to come toward him. He would shepherd the Hobbits to