Soul Full By Carolyn Golledge MORIA "They have a cave troll," Boromir reported, calm and certain. He had battled the things often enough, but usually with soldiers about him, or, if there had been civilians, they had been Men and Women, not Hobbits the size of children. The ancient wood door shattered at the first impact of the troll's fist. Goblins poured in, a dam burst of teeth and yellow eyes and flashing blades. Boromir, Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli took them on, hewing them down as fast as they charged forward. "Stay back!" Boromir shouted as Merry and Pippin appeared in his line of sight, their swords at the ready. Their training had only begun, they couldn't... "Sam!" Frodo yelled. Hacking down two more Goblins, Boromir spared a glance behind, saw Sam, fry pan in hand belting a Goblin over the head. A fry pan! "I'm getting' the hang o' this!" Sam said, breathless. Thundering steps, a massive shadow, the troll, towering over the Hobbit. White-faced, Sam froze, staring up at the thing in terror. A lift of one giant foot, and... A chop with a sword, no matter how well aimed, at best would serve only to bring the thing's entire body down atop the Hobbit. The troll snarled and turned its head as another of Legolas' arrows hit home, chains swinging from its wrists. Chains! Boromir grabbed them and quickly looped the heavy metal links about his lightly armored forearm. He heaved, but it wasn't enough. Then, Aragorn was there, adding his weight, grabbing at the chain. Together, they heaved with all they had. Distracted, the troll turned to look at them and Sam scurried clear. The troll turned to attack, its arm lifting, the arm to which the chains were - Oh, shit! Lifted from his feet, Boromir was flung hard backward, a whoosh of air about him. A slamming impact on stone. Agonizing pain erupting in his back and chest, all the breath gone from him. Blackness. Somehow, he clung to consciousness, aware that to pass out now was to die. He shook his head, sending sweat and bloodied spit flying, caught a blurred vision of a Goblin charging at him, blade raised. Boromir could not move, his right hand flexing on empty air. Where was his sword, damn it! A familiar thunking sound, Aragorn's knife embedded in the Goblin's head, it grunted and fell. Aragorn's blue eyes, bright against the shadows, met Boromir's blurred gaze with silent question. How bad...? Can you fight? Boromir nodded thanks, and answered with action, finding his fallen sword with a groping hand. The Ranger had surely saved his life. Relief took the dark edge from Aragorn's harried expression, and he nodded swift acceptance then returned to the frenzied battle. So many enemy! Boromir shoved down hard with his free hand to push himself up. Pain, sudden, overwhelming, swamped him, mixing bile and blood in his mouth. He spat, saw scarlet droplets splatter the flagstones, hoped he had simply bitten his tongue, pushed the truth away. First rolling to all fours, he managed to stagger back to his feet. Two Goblins came at him and instinct took over, compelling his arm to lift and strike again and again, forbid the pain entry to his mind. He side-stepped, clumsy. If Faramir were here he would laugh to see the awkwardness, the wounding rather than killing strikes. Laughed, or wept. Another enemy, another. The cave troll, thankfully, was otherwise occupied, Boromir catching a fleeting impression of Legolas firing arrow after arrow into the thing. It was intent on reaching who? Frodo! Boromir could not help, could barely stand, barely keep himself alive. He lunged forward, impaled a Goblin on his blade and its falling weight clawed through him, jarring him badly enough that the pain would not be denied. Something gave way deep inside him with a tearing, flooding warmth. The metallic tang of blood filled his mouth, choking him and he bent forward and vomited it up, almost bought down by the agony of the muscle spasm in his gut. But he could breathe again, a little, and took down an unwary enemy who came too close, thinking him finished. His trembling legs held, and he moved forward, trying to get between the wall of enemy and the Hobbits at the rear of the cavernous room. His impossibly heavy right arm thrust and hacked, felling or driving the Goblins from him, their yellow eyes wide with fear. He vomited more blood, shook his head, desperately trying to see. He heard Sam scream, "No!" Boromir turned clumsily toward the sound, stumbled, squinted down at the object that had tripped him. His dazed mind tried to make sense of it, and it took a moment to recognize it was his shield. He'd dropped it to grab the chain. He stabbed another enemy, and already stooped over, bent further to pick it up. It was like trying to lift the stone floor, utterly immovable. It weighed more than it could have, surely. No, it hadn't changed, he was weak, failing. He tugged at it again, and the effort dragged him to his knees with a jolt that forced a strangled cry of pain from him. Emboldened, a Goblin came at him and he drew his dirk, threw, and bought it down. More Goblins. He staggered up, his vision going red black a moment then steadying into hazy focus. Suddenly, the cave troll fell, thudded into the stone floor with a shuddering impact that very nearly took Boromir's feet from under him once more. He blinked sweat from his eyes and peered at it, saw with immense relief that it was dead, arrows jutting everywhere from its head. Now there were only the remnants of frightened Goblins to clean up. He tried to lift his sword and join Gimli who was having at them with a will, avenging his dead cousin. Something was wrong, ruptured deep inside him, giving way further as the tried again, futilely to wield his sword. He stood there, swallowing blood faster than he could spit it out and weaving like a drunk. He became aware that there was silence but for his friends' ragged, panting breaths and their boots and bare feet shifting the crumbled rock of the rubble-strewn floor. "Frodo!" Merry and Pippin echoed Sam's cry and a moment later, Aragorn too, gasped the name. Boromir found it an immense effort just to turn his head to see where they were looking. No, oh no. Frodo lay lifeless, sprawled amid the stone pillars, Sam weeping as he went to him, Aragorn crawling toward them, surely badly hurt himself. Boromir desperately wanted to go to them, to help, but found he needed all his meager strength merely to remain upright. Gandalf moved into his line of sight, his shrewd eyes piercing beneath the bushy eyebrows. His attention riveted on Frodo, Boromir was surprised when the old Wizard took time out to give Boromir a startled and worried regard before turning back again to the Ringbearer. "Frodo!" Sam's cry was a sob of utter despair as he went to his knees and clutched at Frodo's shoulders, cradling him. Aragorn shoved something big and heavy from atop Frodo, and it rolled down onto the floor with a dull metallic clang. Boromir was aware distantly that his reactions were too slow, his thinking muddled. His gaze settled on the rolling object and his brain struggled to identify it. A pike, a massive pike, big enough to be a troll's weapon. That had felled Frodo? There was no hope, then, that Frodo was only wounded, knocked senseless. The hard floor slammed into Boromir's knees and he blinked at it, for a moment having the strange sensation that it had come up and hit him, rather than him falling down. "Frodo!" Aragorn gasped, trying to check the Hobbit for signs of life. If Aragorn had crawled to him, Boromir could do the same. His chest and stomach hurt badly, but he dragged himself closer. He had to shake his head to clear his vision, then saw Aragorn's battle-gory hands pull open Frodo's coat and shirt. Squinting dizzily, Boromir expected to see a gaping, ragged wound. Instead, he saw a flash of silver. "Mithril!" Graying out, Boromir thought he heard Gandalf say something about 'surprises.' All he knew for certain was that there was a collective reaction of relief and joy, and Frodo was sitting up again and talking. The rubble strewn floor suddenly loomed larger in Boromir's sight and he realized he had fallen to his full length, his head only inches off the floor. "Boromir!" Pippin's voice. Alarmed. A moment of blackness. "Boromir? Steady, steady!" Aragorn, trying to ease him over onto his back. He struggled to sit up. It hurt to breathe and he knew from experience that being upright helped a little. Aragorn seemed to understand that, helping him up, and someone braced him from behind, supporting him. Legolas…. "No... time!" Boromir managed to gasp out. His vision settled enough to deliver a glare to Aragorn and Gandalf who were bent over him. They needed to keep Frodo and the other Hobbits alive, not fuss over him. They had not won the battle, just a skirmish against the forerunners. There would be more Goblins and Trolls, hundreds of them…. "Can you carry him?" Aragorn asked Legolas, ignoring Boromir's protest. "I can," the Elf replied. "But…." Boromir felt the movement as Legolas indicated he would then be unable to use the lethal archery skill that had saved them from the Troll. "No!" Boromir was pleased when his word came out loud and clear and very angry. He even managed to shove Aragorn's hands away from an attempt to check him for what was obviously crushed ribs, torn lungs, and ruptured spleen. "He is right," Gandalf said sadly, thankfully over-riding whatever Aragorn had started to say. Boromir found a moment to be warmed by the great depth of grief in the old Wizard's words. Boromir allowed himself to sag forward, ready to accept the oncoming rush of darkness, of probable death. There was no fear or sorrow, just overwhelming frustration. He had not expected to be taken out of the Quest so soon…. They had so much more to do, so much further to go, needed every – "Stand back, keep clear of him!" Gandalf urged sternly over Gimli's warning of, "Hurry!" The enemy would not leave much more time for them to escape this death trap. Boromir was glad of the Wizard and Dwarf's wisdom. They were keeping the Hobbits back, forcing them onward. "You can save him?" Merry asked, his voice choked with tears. A heavy sigh brushed Boromir's sweaty hair, and gnarled but warm and gentle hands suddenly clasped his head. "Save, no," Gandalf admitted sadly. "Not here. But, I can give strength sufficient to keep him on his feet. Aragorn, Elrond taught you how to-?" "Form a Healer's Link, slow the bleeding, yes!" Aragorn replied, the eagerness and renewed hope in his voice as moving as had been Gandalf's grief. "Leave it!" Boromir tried to snarl, but it came out a faint whisper. "Do you want to see your city again?" Gimli barked so fiercely that it brought Boromir to fuller consciousness. "Be still now, Laddie. Let them help." Boromir no longer had the strength to argue. It was pointless. He hoped it – whatever it was, exactly – would take no more than a moment, then the fools could return to matters of duty. "Please?" Pippin begged, and that hit far harder. An image of the small boy Faramir came to him, asking the same one word question. Please? Gandalf, admittedly allowed in far too late, had been as helpless to save Finduilas as now he was to save Boromir. Faramir... It hurt to think of him alone, Denethor was no father to him. Garad would be there, though, and Ciran and Damrod, he remembered with relief. "Let us