EPILOG The Party Continues! (Rapid Peril) Carolyn Golledge A/N It has come to my attention that it would be almost impossible to erase all trace of my fannish presence from the internet as I have been writing stories for over 20 years. The majority are about Han Solo, but I fell in love with Sean Bean's Boromir (and Mortensen, and Wenham…..and etc!) in 2002. Thus far, I have not had a single positive response from an agent re my pro book, though I have only tried USA, and am now to start on UK and Australia. I will approach them under a different name, which should have occurred to me before. The book does not need to be printed under Carolyn Golledge, it could as easily be C T Golledge or some such. So…. There was no need for me to panic and take down all my LOTR fanfic (I never did get round to Journey Home, so at least it's still here.) I will as soon as I can return all the other stories as well. Meantime, to say sorry and thanks for your loyalty, I am posting the final part of Rapid Peril…. The party! G All characters get their time on stage but it features Garad and Elena in closing pages as I wanted to show the 'ordinary' people, the off screen heroes and what the victory means to them. Enjoy! Also I am currently writing a new Boromir adventure titled SoulFull, in which Boromir 'dies' in Moria when the cave troll injures him, and he later, trying, half conscious to save Gandalf, falls with him… but then things really start to happen! And Faramir and Garad are included. This story and other shorter titles (such as continuation to Battle Scars) are to be printed in the fannish book, (called a fanzine) Warriors of Gondor issue 5 this May. I will then have to wait at least 6 months to post online. I also hope to post online my stories from last year's issue, soon, which includes the sequel to A Gentle Touch. Anyone wishing to contact me please use the following email address carolynDOTgolledge AT bigpond DOT com. Thanks for reading and please let me know how you feel after reading this Epilog. It always gives me the warm fuzzies and a huge smile! Carolyn The Party! "Come now, " Liel urged, beginning to shoo the people on the stage toward the stairs, "Beth will not be happy if we're late for her feast." "A Hobbit is never late for dinner," Pippin told her with a cheeky grin from over his shoulder. Then he stopped, just short of bumping into Garad who had not moved. He waited a moment, but the big Ranger still did not move. Pippin opened his mouth to make his presence known. "Hush," Liel said, her hand alighting on his shoulder and forestalling Boromir's need to do the same. "About time he got to it,"' Boromir said, gently bringing Frodo and Sam to wait at his side. Liel shared a warmly amused smile with her husband. "They've been like a married couple for years." "I…" Garad mumbled for the third or fourth time, "It's here somewhere. I know it is. I think it is." He continued to hunt in various places, then, realising he was wearing Boromir's spare shirt, cast a somewhat desperate glance to him. "Where's my gear? Do you know what happened to my jerkin?" "Yes," Boromir said and Garad breathed relief, "It was beyond saving, cut to shreds when we stripped you. It's back there, somewhere, buried in the dust." "What!" "No, it isn't," Faramir corrected. Garad looked at him hopefully. "Orders. Leave the place clean. Burned everything." Boromir bit his lip to stop from grinning. Liel kicked him in the shin, suddenly glad that she was wearing shoes. Faramir got an elbow from Eowyn. Startled, he turned and looked down at her and Liel saw a whole new perspective dawn in his expression. Suddenly, Garad's predicament didn't strike him as at all funny when it could soon apply to he himself. "But --," Faramir hastily amended, "We checked carefully through everything first and saved anything important. We put it all with you in the wagon." From behind Garad, Elena rolled her eyes at Liel, impatient and knowing what Garad was about, annoyed that they were forestalling him getting to his much-needed rest. Liel glanced quickly at the Man and had to admit he was looking more pale by the moment. Teasing him about something so important wasn't helping, and he wasn't clear-headed enough to understand. "I found those, only the… the… thing I need isn't there!" Garad said urgently. "Oh, right!" Boromir exclaimed, catching Liel and Elena's concern. "We would never leave something so finely crafted to any chance of falling out of a hospital wagon." "I have it," Faramir said, putting Garad out of his misery and saving himself from future grief. He reached into his surcote and produced a tiny object hidden inside a scrap of clean white bandage. With a flourish of a half bow, he dropped it into Garad's eagerly outstretched palm. Boromir quickly steadied the Man's arm and Faramir made sure Garad had a secure hold before he let go. "Thank the Valar!" Garad exclaimed. Then, completely forgetting anyone else, he pivoted back to Elena, stumbling in his haste. "Easy, Hero," she said, reaching quickly to brace him even as Boromir and Faramir both got hands against his back. Everyone who had been behind them on stage, now stuck, began crowding closer to see what was going on. "What is it?" Eowyn whispered to Faramir, watching with interest. "A Gondorian custom, a recent one, started by Boromir," Faramir whispered in return. He leaned in to place his lips so close to Eowyn's ear that Liel did not hear the rest of what was said. But she did see Eowyn's round eyed and pleased reaction. Her hand slipped back into Faramir's and together they turned and looked indulgently at Garad and Elena. Liel nodded approvingly. They were a good match. Theodred was still present, but Eomer had gotten caught on the wrong side of the logjam as had Aragorn, Arwen, Gimli, Legolas and Gandalf who had gone on ahead. They were now coming back up the stairs, craning to see why no one else was following. Meaning Elena and Garad had center stage, not just with the gathered royalty, but also the crowd in the square. Garad remained blissfully oblivious. As too, Liel noted with pleasure, were Boromir and Faramir. "Umm," Garad said, his gaze locked with Elena's as he reached awkwardly to her with his good arm, the tiny shield now revealed and shining on his upturned palm. It was beautifully wrought, the silver dished out to imitate the upraised Dome of Osgiliath, the symbol of Elena's birthright as a noble of the Giliath. The flowering branches of the White Tree that united all the Children of Numenor wreathed its edge, growing from a stylized crown of branches framing one perfect blossom in their curving embrace. The solid, powerful shape of a blacksmith's anvil rested on their foundation, and above the anvil seven arrows crossed their shafts in an elegant, deadly fan, their feathered shafts balanced above its center, the meticulous rendering of the arrowheads in an arc over all its length. "I made this for you. Will you wear it?" Liel shook her head, amused by the less than romantic approach even as she felt tears of joy sting her eyes. She knew something that Garad did not yet know, and she wasn't telling. That was for Elena. They would make wonderful parents. Elena said nothing, but took the offering. "Oh!" she said, a whisper of delight. "Garad! It's beautiful!" "You like it?" he said with evident relief. "It's perfect," Elena told him softly. She opened her hand to display it for Liel, knowing that Faramir and Boromir would have already seen it. Merry and Pippin shared more smirks, they had been aware of it, also. Sam and Frodo jostled each other a little, trying to see, and Elena obliged. "Lovely," Frodo complimented, but looked and sounded a little puzzled by the excited anticipation about him. "What?" he whispered to Merry. "It means they're married now." "Oh!" "Well," Pippin corrected, "They'll still have to have a wedding and all, yet." Boromir heard that remark and turned to eye Liel who just shrugged. As far as she was concerned, they had been married for years and needed no such formal celebration. Especially as it seemed there would be weddings aplenty to organise as it was. Boromir smiled unspoken agreement and managed to contain himself and not slap Garad on the back in congratulations. He turned back, standing there, watching the friend he'd known from boyhood and grinning that great grin that had first made Liel fall in love with him, many years ago. She remembered the night he had presented her with their first Shield Union, too. Vividly. She smiled hungrily, deciding a repeat performance was due tonight. She doubted, however, that Garad would be quite up to such a marathon. There would be plenty of time, many more nights, years of them. That brought another great surge of joy to Liel's heart. "Then --?" Garad prompted. Men, Liel decided, always nervous and never understanding the Woman had decided long since. "Then what?" Elena said, missing his point, so entranced was she by the Shield. She held it up to her throat, began to turn so he could fasten it. His hand on her arm stopped her. "You will marry me?" he blurted out. Elena blinked. Then, her smile changed. Where it had been delight in the Shield, now it softened, became something much much deeper, so profound, that Liel's chest tightened to see it. Elena tried to say 'yes' but her voice failed her on the first attempt, and she simply nodded. Garad let out a great whooshing breath of relief and sagged so alarmingly that Boromir and Faramir both moved to brace him. "Yes," Elena said, then repeated more loudly, "Yes! Yes, of course you great idiot!" She stretched up, clasped her free hand behind his neck and drew him down to a kiss. It took time, but eventually, Garad and Elena realised they were holding up the line trying to get off stage. It began as cheering but as the kiss showed no sign of ending, it became a rhythmic clapping and hooting. . When finally the couple stopped for breath, their smugly dazed expressions blinked into one of rather embarrassed surprise as they realised the entire city and royalty of several kingdoms, Man, Elf and Dwarf, were waiting on them. At the bottom of the stairs, everyone began sorting themselves out, heading back to their horses. "Oh, no," Elena said, tugging back a little on Garad's arm as he made toward his mount. "You're not riding all the way to the seventh level." "But –" Garad balked as Liel and Boromir joined Elena's efforts to redirect him to the hospital wagon. 'I'm not riding in that thing! I'm not sick." "No… "Elena said slyly, running her free hand down the back of Garad's thigh. "But it's a place where people can get horizontal if they need to. For whatever reason." "Huh?" "You may be up to riding , but I could use somewhere to stretch out and deal…. With…. All…" She traced the shape of his buttock. "The Excitement." "Huh?" Unable to notice anything other than what her hand was doing. "Bed. Together. Now. " "You're coming with me?" Garad said with pleasure. "Once or twice." Elena gave him a smirk and her hand moved lower. Boromir erupted in loud snort. Garad, preoccupied by that hand at his thigh, took a moment to realise what she'd said. His eyebrows climbed and he smiled then bent to give her a quick kiss. "Nothing important got hurt, right?" Elena murmured against