Hey guys it's me again. I had this idea for a story, and it won't leave me alone, so I'm going to try my best to write both of my stories at the same time (Let's see how that works out), but my stories are like my babies, and this one is ready to be born, so wish me luck. Chapter 1: The One I've Been Looking For (Epov) "Edward, are you sure you don't want to come with us?" Esme asked me for the sixteenth time. Being a vampire, I remembered every time she had asked me with perfect clarity, and that was just out loud. The number of times she had asked me mentally was far more plentiful "I'm sure, Mom. This is something I need to do for myself. Please don't worry," I assured her. We were getting ready to move to Alaska. We were currently in Forks, Washington, but it was time for us to move to a new destination, and the Denalis had invited us to stay with them for a year or two. I, however, would not be traveling with my family. Seeing as I had no desire to be in the presence of Tanya, I would be staying in Washington, claiming to be going to college for medical school. I pretended that Tanya's advances were the only reason for my wanting to separate from the family, but in all honesty, I was hurting. Every day I was bombarded with thoughts of love and desire. I was surrounded by happy couples, yet I was completely alone. I could only take so much. "Son, exactly how long do you plan on being away from us?" asked Carlisle. "Just a year, Carlisle. I will also visit during breaks and long weekends. It's not as if I'm going to just disappear for a year," I did love my family very much, and I had no arguments about visiting them, but I did need to distance myself for a while. "Well, we will be leaving in an hour, so I just want to make sure you have everything," Esme fretted. She was such a sweet mother. "I'm fine, Mom, I promise. All my things are already here. We've lived in Forks for two years, please relax," though I was the first Cullen that Carlisle had changed, Esme still considered me the baby of the family, and dotted on me every time the opportunity presented itself. "Esme could you please help me with these clothes?" Alice asked. Esme kissed my cheek before dashing up the stairs. I walked over to the window and gazed at the dark cloud filled sky. It was early morning, but you couldn't tell because of the lack of sunlight. Carlisle used this time to ask me the question that had weighing on his mind. Son, this isn't really about Tanya is it? I shook my head in response. Carlisle sighed. Edward, I'm sorry that you feel hurt being around us. I was about to protest that I enjoyed being with my family when Emmet came bursting through the door quickly followed by Jasper. "Edward! What does this mean? I heard you're not coming with us," he bellowed. He was clearly enraged. What the hell, man! What happened? Why aren't you coming with us? "It's complicated, Em," I tried to calm him. "Yeah well, I'm sure you can find a way to dumb it down for me," he challenged, obviously not satisfied with my answer. Jasper sent a wave of calm over Em which only served to enrage him even more. He glared at me before stomping out of the room. Jasper sighed looking in the direction that Emmet had gone before facing me, "I have to agree with him, brother. Why didn't you tell us you weren't coming with us?" Jasper understood the pain that I sometimes felt around couples, but the thought that I wouldn't be coming with him saddened him greatly. "Dear, let us leave them to talk," Carlisle convinced Esme and left Jazz and me to be alone. Is it really that awful being with us? Is it so painful that you need to leave? I felt so guilty hearing the pain in his thoughts. I didn't want to be away from my family. I adored my family, and we were all very close. Carlisle was my father in every way that mattered, and I don't know where I would be without him. Esme was the most loving mother I could ask for. Emmet was loud and silly, but he was a good brother, and I knew I could always count on him. Rosalie had a temper and could be very conceited sometimes, but she is always there when I need her. Jasper is the person I can talk to about anything, and I know he'll understand. Alice is my loving, overly perky, annoying, bossy little sister whom I love with all my heart. I couldn't ask for a better family, but I still wasn't happy. I was content, I was comfortable, and I was wealthy, so I didn't understand why it hurt so much for me to be alone. There were people all over the world who were looking for "The One", but they didn't feel the emptiness that I felt. I honestly think that something is wrong me. "I don't want to leave, but I feel that this is something I have to do, for my sake as well as yours. I have been thinking about it for a long time, but I never imagined that I would actually have the nerve to do it," I explained to him. What do you mean for our sake? This seemed to aggravate him quite a bit. "Don't think that I don't notice it, Jazz. I am a mind reader after all. We do all these family activities because you want to include me, but I'm just a seventh wheel. I know that you want to spend time with your mates, and that having me around sometimes hinders that," I wanted to explain this to him in a way that would cause him not to feel guilty, but I know I wasn't doing a very good job. Avery distressed Alice came down the stairs, "You're really doing it? You're not coming with us." She looked as if she would cry any moment now, "I know that you had been thinking about it, but I always saw that it was only a fleeting thought, but now you're really serious about this." "Yes, I am. I need you to understand that this is something that I believe I must follow my instincts on for the first time in decades. I'm always thinking about facts and probabilities, but this time is different," I struggled to convince her that this was the path that I felt I had to take. There was something inside me that demanded that I remain here, that I shouldn't leave, and had the call not have been so strong, I would probably be leaving with my family right now. At first it was just a feeling. Like when humans think they should bring an umbrella because they think it might rain despite the news report, and they turn out to be correct. It was instinct, a tug that told me to stay, but lately I had begun heard a voice. Very faint, as if the owner was miles away, but it was there, gentle voice, soft and sweet. The voice begged me to wait, to stay. It said that it was coming to me, and it asked me to wait for it. "Way to go, Edward. You made Emmet cry," Rose strutted into the room, pulling Emmet along the way. "I'm not crying!" denied Emmet, his voice cracking. Do what you have to do. I'll back you up. You know that . I nodded thank you. Rosalie and I fought quite often, but we understood each other. "You're not going to claim to be sweating from your eyes are you? Because we don't sweat," Jasper joked as he ruffled Em's hair. Emmet batted Jasper's hand away. "Ed, why aren't you coming with us?" he pouted. It seemed he had calmed down and was now very sad. "Because you called me Ed," I retorted. I hated all these god forsaken nicknames: Ed, Eddie, even E. Was Edward such a hard name to say? "So if I promise never to call you Ed again, will you come with us?" he asked hopefully. "Sorry, brother, but I'm staying," I told him. "Kids, it's time to go. Stop harassing your brother," Carlisle chided as he re-entered the room. "I'm staying with my little brother," cried Emmet. He threw his large arms around me and squeezed me. "Emmet, kiss Edward good bye and let's go," Rosalie ordered. "Never!" cried Emmet, still clinging to me. Rose rolled her eyes before pulling her mate off of me. She kissed my cheek, "I'll miss you, idiot. If you don't visit, I will cremate you, you got that?" It was a touching farewell and a threat all wrapped in one. That was my Rose for you. "Yes, Rose," I kissed her cheek before patting Emmet on the back. "Calm down, brother. I will see you soon. I promise." He gave me a bear hug before saying, "I'll help Rose kill you if you don't visit." What kind of sadistic good byes were these? Take care, brother. Don't stay away too long. Jasper hugged me. I smiled at him and was then attacked by a pixie. "Come visit soon, okay. You have to promise," she ordered. I chuckled, "Yes Alice." I kissed her spiky hair before turning to my father. This would be the first time I lived without him since my change. Be safe, Edward. If you need anything, or if you change your mind, please don't hesitate to come to us. "Yes, Dad, I know," I hugged him good bye. This just kept getting harder. I was saying good bye to the man that I had taken care of me for almost a century. My father, mentor, my role model. "Visit us whenever you like," he finally released me, and I turned to see my mother crying. "Oh, Esme. Don't cry, Mom," I pulled her into a tight hug which she returned with far more force than necessary. I was making poor Esme cry. What was wrong with me? "I'm sorry. I can't help it," she cried into my shoulder. Call if you need anything. We're always there if you need us. It's not too late to come with us if you want to change your mind. The offer sounded so tempting, and the more I thought about, the more I wanted to go with them. I kissed her head, "I'm fine, Mom. You guys should get going. The Denalis are expecting you." We finally separated, and I hugged everyone one last time before seeing them off. I watched as the cars drove off, and I marveled at how stupid I was being. I was letting my family drive away without me. I was about to chase after them when I heard it. Don't leave! Please don't go! That same soft, sweet voice crying out for me. It pleaded with me in a beautiful voice. It was a high voice, definitely female and almost child-like. Wait for me. I'm almost there. Please wait! I won't leave. I'll wait; I promise. I tried to respond to the voice, not know if she could hear me. She sounded so distressed, as if she was truly terrified of the idea of me leaving her. A part of me had wondered if I was going mad. I was hearing voices in my head after all, but this time was different. The voice was louder and clearer; it sounded so close. I was now positive that it was real, that there was really a person looking for me for whatever reason. Really? You won't