I hope you enjoy this. I worked hard on it, and I really think you guys will like it. Please read the author note on the bottom. It's important. Thank you to my brilliant Omega, Jaymili, for everything you do for me! Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight Chapter 1: My Beautiful Love I saw him once, a long time ago. The day had been cloudy as it usually was on La Push beach. I had been swimming in the gray waters, as I always did. Every day I swam. I swam because it was all I could do. I swam because I was all alone, and I had no one else. I swam because, if I didn't, I would surely die, but that all changed the day I saw him. His hair was a lovely copper color. I guess it could be called bronze. He was tall, even for a man. He was pale, like the moon I gazed up at during the night. He was beautiful, painfully so. He wore an expression of sadness and pain on his lovely face. I ached to chase it away. I wasn't able to see the color of his eyes, but I know that they are beautiful because everything about him is. The way he walked, so majestic and graceful, yet so powerful and masculine. He made my heart pound in my chest. I knew instantly who he was. He was mine, the one that my heart had ached for all the years that I had existed for no reason at all. The one I dreamt about at night, the one who I would love forever. He walked on the multicolored sand, staring out into my dark waters, not seeing me because I kept myself hidden in the waves. I wanted to stop hiding. I wanted to go to him. My whole being ached to go to him, but I was too scared. I wasn't human. Would he be disgusted by me? Would he run and scream? Would he reject me? He turned his head, tilting it slightly, as if listening to something. I watched him glance at the gray waters one more time before turning to leave. Pain seared my chest as he ran from me. Don't go. I had noticed though, the way he ran. I knew he wasn't human either. No human could run like that. I knew of three other creatures besides myself. The humans that were so plentiful; they came often to play in the water. The wolves that protected this land. They had been here even longer than I had. The cold ones: beautiful, deadly, evil is what the wolves called them. They often jumped into my waters to escape from the pack. The wolves spoke ill of them. They were monsters that fed off of humans, but my mate was no monster. My love was beautiful. The expression on his face did not belong to that of a monster. He wore a mask of pain that seemed to be a mix of a small child; lost, sad, and alone; and an old man, burdened by life's cruel ways. I had told myself that it was alright that he left, though my chest burned as if a fire had flared in my heart. I told myself he would come again tomorrow. I would go to him then. That was a long time ago. Years turned into decades. Every day I waited for him to come back. My chest still burns from the fire. My heart yearned. Many nights I cried myself to sleep in the cold, dark waters. I waited every day. I watched humans come and go. I watched the wolves run by sometimes while they patrolled the beach. I watched some other cold ones who were not the one I desired jump into my waters to escape the wolves. I would often hear a tiny voice that would cry out, what if the wolves had gotten to him? I refused to listen. Another voice said that I was a fool for not going to him the moment that I first saw him. I agreed with it. There was a third voice that said I should go onto the land and search for him myself; I ignored that voice as well. I would get lost, surely, and what if he came back, and I wasn't here. I just had to be patient. My beautiful boy would come back to me. I would wait for him. He would come. I didn't for how long. I didn't care if it was centuries. I wouldn't die. I wouldn't leave. I just had to wait. He would come back to me. So I swan in the dead waters. I swam and swam, but this time I had a reason to swim. I had a reason to live. It was so I could be with him, so I could chase away the pain from his beautiful face, so I could shower him with my love. B&E I swished my tail back and forth watching the way my blue scales reflected the sunlight. It looked as if it was shimmering. I was quite fond of my tail. I knew my hair was brown and long. It curled its way down to my waist. I knew my eyes were the same color as my tail, the blue-green color of the ocean on a sunny day. I knew my breasts were a bit larger than those of most of the human women I often saw. I knew I had been in these waters for decades though I didn't know how many. I also didn't how I came to be. I didn't know if there were others like myself. I didn't know my name, if I had one that is. I bathed in the sunlight that was so rare to La Push, humming in contentment. I loved rain, truly I did, but the sun felt so warm against my normally cold skin. It was a nice feeling. I was hidden from the wolves and the humans. I had two secret places I would often go to. The secluded rock clustered section of the beach, where I was presently, that no one came to because the rocks were so jagged, slippery, and dangerous. I also had my cave where I usually slept in at night. It was actually a large boulder in the cliff that you could only go into if you swam under the water and into the opening in the bottom of the large bolder. Inside it was a small pool for me to swim in and rest, and a section of sand where I could practice my walking skills. There was a small opening in the top to allow sunlight and moonlight, but no creature larger than an eagle could fit through it. I rested on a giant stone as my skin soaked up the sun. Humans rested in the sun a lot. Sometimes, their skin burned and turned red, other times, it darkened; they called this tanning. My skin color never changed no matter how long I was in the sun. It always remained the same light color. I could sense the change in the weather coming though. It was now summer and storms were frequent. One would probably be here by noon tomorrow. I enjoyed the sun while I could. Shifting uncomfortably, I placed my hand over my bare breast. My chest seared with the aching pain that was now so familiar, my constant companion that reminded me why I lived. I laid there for hours and watched the sun move from the east to the west. If I could describe myself, the word I would use would be hopeful. I loved watching the sunrise because it meant that my love could come today. I loved the sunset because it meant he might some tomorrow. In the world that I lived in, my only friends were the sun, the moon, the stars, and the water that was often gray rather than blue like today, and hope. My hope that I would see him. My hope that he would come back to me. I released a heavy sigh as I watched the sunset. Another day had ended, and he had not come, but there was my hope; hope that he would come tomorrow. I slid from the rock I had been sun bathing on and was about to make my way to my cave for the night when I heard a scream. "Help me!" I heard a voice yell. It was that of a young boy. Many times humans had needed my help because they had been drowning. Maybe a child had ventured too far out, or maybe someone fell from one of the cliffs. There were even occasions when teenagers from the reservation would go cliff diving, and for some, the waters were just too strong. I prided myself with the fact that no one had died or been significantly harmed at the beach because of me though they had no idea that it was me who had saved them. The yells had begun to dissolve into coughs and gurgles. I dove under the water and used all the power I had to swish my tail as fast as I could. I could swim almost as fast as a cold one could run. I finally spotted a young boy flailing in the water. He was obviously a Quileute. He had the same black hair and tan skin as the other tribe members. I had seen him on my beach before. It was obvious he was exhausted. He was quite far from the soar, and he probably didn't have enough strength to make it back. I focused on the waves, pushing and pulling them, so they kept the boy's head above the water. Then I sent a powerful wave to push him back to soar. He was shocked to notice the change in the water, but thankfully, he didn't fight the water as I manipulated it. I followed him at a safe distance until he was able to stand in the water without any problem. He was gasping and coughing, but he didn't appear to be injured. He made his way up the beach and out of the water. He stumbled a bit, and his movements were sluggish. Once he was out of the water, I gasped as I watched him collapse on the dry sand. I swam towards him, but I could hear voices calling. "Jacob! Jacob, where are you?" A woman's voice echoed around the beach. She didn't sound very far away, so I wandered a bit farther away from the shore, so as not to be seen. The boy coughed where he lay. I assumed he was Jacob. "Mom," he rasped, trying to call her. He his eyes, and to my dismay, they landed on me. I froze; no one had ever seen me before. The boys eyes widened, and his lips moved, but no sound came out. I couldn't be sure what he trying to say; I was too frightened to focus. My heart was racing. I was sure that to humans, I would probably be viewed as repulsive. Humans usually thought that creatures other than themselves were scary. Some even screamed at the sight of a little sea slug, though it was completely harmless. They called it gross and disgusting. Would I not be seen in the same light? I didn't stick around long enough to find out. I ducked under the water and swam to the opposite side of the beach. The boy, Jacob, was still in my sight, and I was glad to see that a frantic woman was running towards him. Judging from her anxious behavior and the way he responded to her, she was probably his mother. Human mothers tended to be very protective over their children I had noticed over the years. Behind her was a man who I assumed was the