A/N: One-shot. Humor. The idea was inspired by my little sister, and so I typed it out. Was rather enjoying to do this. Enjoy reading~~. XD Poseidon sat in the throne at Olympus, tapping a finger on the hand rest, feeling utterly bored. Far in a distance, he could hear the handiwork of Zeus – thunderstorms – being operated on earth below. He sighed. The poor mortals will have to suffer another drastic hail. Poseidon wondered why on earth did he and Zeus shared the storms. Sure, Poseidon was given the title and power as the "Storm God"; but in reality, Zeus also shared very similar powers in terms of storms, so when Poseidon wasn't eager to pepper the mortal world with hails, Zeus would do it. Zeus's storms were formed from storm clouds; all the more easier and wider for the king to perform it. Poseidon also didn't know why did Zeus add the lightning and thunder to his collection of storms. They were blinding and deafening, a terrible addition to the mighty hails and winds. Poseidon didn't need those because he had enough hail and winds to render everything useless, especially those on the sea. Apparently Zeus needed lightning and thunder – maybe he did need it in order to render everything in the skies useless. Poseidon could imagine all the venti and Stymphilian birds flying in his lightning-and-thunder-less storms with ease. With the two elements, Zeus had controls of his skies better. Another clap of thunder. Poseidon sighed. He was downright bored. But he had pressing matters to brood on. He bent forward, resting his elbows on his knees, and began to drift into his thoughts. But suddenly, a small tugging at his heart made Poseidon stopped musing. He looked around the room, but saw no one. It wasn't surprising; the throne room was rarely occupied by multiple gods in the same time, since the gods often fought and therefore have developed the tendency to avoid each other. And usually, when one god appeared, it was only to sit on his/her throne to regain confidence, or sort out their mind in worrying matters – all related to power issues. It was strange, the tugging in his heart. It was worrying, but quite small. Yet it was one that Poseidon couldn't ignore easily. From a far distance, he heard the thunder clap. To his utmost surprise, one tug became harder at that. Poseidon blinked. Slowly, as if the tugging had a string attached to it, Poseidon felt the presence of a trail leading him to the other end of the string. Poseidon got up transfixed, following his instincts that sensed the trail that led to the other end of the string. He slowly left the throne room… …left Olympus's grounds… …and wandered down into the stormy mortal world below. When he was out of his hypnosis enough to get his bearings, Poseidon found himself standing in front of an apartment. New York was way past midnight by then (trust Zeus's menace to torment the mortals' sleep with a stormy night), so the streets were empty and everywhere was nothing but darkness. Even the lights from convenience stores a few blocks down weren't enough to light the surroundings, since the heavy raindrops diluted the brightness. The only sufficient light source was the lightning, and Poseidon was hoping the wretched creation didn't appear just yet. He looked up to the apartment. The tugging in his heart did not end there, and instead beckoned the sea god to enter the building. Poseidon went in – Only, he didn't just walk into the apartment; he diffused into it. Meaning to say, as a god had powers to simply appear in a desired place, Poseidon did just exactly that – to shorten the work, time and trouble. When he materialized well enough, he was surprised to find himself in a rather…smelly, bedroom. Except the actual stench must have belonged to territories way beyond the bedroom door, and upon one glance Poseidon realized the room must have belonged to a very young child. A few moments of studying helped deduced that the owner of the room was a young boy, as the place lacked a few shiny trinkets girls would like, and was mostly blue colour instead of girlish pink; a shark, dolphin and starfish was hung to the ceiling as accessories (Poseidon was sure small girls didn't like sharks, sadly – they didn't know zebra sharks are relatively gentle creatures) and the boy's belongings were mostly shabby and moderate, not in the least flashy. But Poseidon didn't come here to inspect possessions. He looked around, and caught sight of the small trembling bundle under the bedcovers. He frowned. Even before he approached the boy and pulled the covers away, Poseidon realized who the boy under it was, and was ashamed for not fully realizing it earlier. How couldn't he? When he pulled the covers away gently, it revealed a very frightened four-year-old Percy Jackson. His son. Poseidon smiled. "Hey, sonny." His heart nearly broke at the tear-streamed face. And the near-breaking whisper – which he suspected didn't dare to be any louder out of fear of something else – "Who…who are you?" Percy whimpered. Poseidon smiled. He couldn't possibly answer that, could he? "Why are you frightened?" he asked. Percy sniffled, wiping snot from his nose. Poseidon looked around the room and found the tissue box. He pulled one out and pressed it to Percy's nose. When the boy looked at him surprised, he nodded his head to instruct him to blow. The boy hesitated, then warily did so – blowing very, very softly. It didn't do any good to the remaining ninety-percent of snot in his nose. Poseidon's suspicions about Percy fearing something else grew. "Son, if you don't blow your nose, it's not good for you," the sea god said, "Blow harder. It's not to say your parents can hear in this loud storm." And that's totally true; a storm with this amount of hail was deafening even to a god's ears, Percy's toddler-scaled hard blows would hardly be heard out of the room either. The boy looked up to him fearfully. "Really?" Poseidon winked. "Trust me." Percy mustered his courage and blew hard – a few times, with the coaxing from Poseidon. Nobody knocked the door down. Percy relaxed. "Now, why were you hiding under the blankets like that, boy?" Poseidon asked. But then a blinding flash, the boy stiffened, and when they realized it a terrifyingly loud thunder struck the earth. Even Poseidon had to cover his ears at that (he wasn't fazed by thunder; but it did bring him minor discomfort to his ears). When he recovered though, he cursed himself for not using his hands for the boy when he saw Percy had hidden in the covers again – this time, a lot tighter a ball and trembling. Poseidon guessed. "Son?" He shook the bundle gently. Just as he was wondering if doing so didn't help matters but instead terrified the boy more, Percy peeked from under with terror-stricken eyes. "Hm?" "Are you afraid of thunder?" Percy shifted in his covers. Poseidon waited patiently. The boy eventually crawled out. "Uh-huh." His voice sounded so small. Poseidon fought the urge to hug the boy. "Do you want to go to mommy?" Usually he never asked such, but Percy was a son, a child that he'd missed having for decades. He was eager to cherish him. Percy shook his head. "No." At the prompting silence, four-year-old Percy elaborated: "Smel – Gab – my stepfather's in there. I don't want to." It took a few rationalizing moments for Poseidon to not turn the man a few rooms away into sea-salt, if only to let his son have his mother back again. He tried thinking of other methods, see if he could sneak little Percy into his mother's arms – or even call Sally to her son's room bravado – but most ideas came out as vicious vengeance plans against the mortal man, so Poseidon gave up. He absent-mindedly caressed Percy's hair during his broodings. Percy looked up to him, curious. "Mister?" Poseidon looked down (and was startled to find his hand on the boy's head). "Who are you? Why are you in my room?" Percy asked. Bravely. Curiously. Poseidon stilled. He hadn't thought of a feasible reason yet. He eventually answered, "I'm...a guardian. Your guardian. I'm here because I could feel you scared." "Guardian?" Percy cocked his head inquisitively. "Yes, son. A guardian helps you out, so I...came here, to…help." The god wished he had a better brain to create a better excuse. Percy didn't seem to mind, though. Instead he lightened up and asked, "Then, then, can you make them go away?" Poseidon raised his eyebrows. "Them?" Percy pointed a small finger to the window. "The storms. They scared me." Oh? "You were scared of storms?" Percy shrank back into his protective covers. "They're loud. And flashy. And wet. Very wet." Poseidon nodded. "Yes, they are indeed." He noted to visit Zeus later and demand that particular god's thunderstorms to stop. It wouldn't do well for Percy to dislike storms when Poseidon (his father) was the god of such phenomena. Or wait, was Poseidon to blame since he was doing most of the job? He hoped not. Percy elaborated his statement. "I can't see when I'm out there. Everything's useless." Poseidon laughed softly, ruffling his hair and all worrying thoughts flying out of the window. How heartening it was to know that his son was perceptible in his senses at such a young age! "Yes, indeed, a storm makes one useless outside," he chuckled. "But that's why we all stay indoors, right? We rest when a storm comes." Percy scrunched his eyebrows. Poseidon patted the boy's bed. "How about you try lying down and I'll tell you a bedtime story." Percy lit up. "Really? You'll do that?" he asked, excited. "Sure!" Poseidon smiled. Percy promptly adjusted himself to lie in the right position. Poseidon sat close to the boy, placing a hand on the boy's body when he saw the slightly terrified look still in his son's eyes. The storm outside still raged. Poseidon eyed the droplets hammering the (only) window. He was confident that the hail was deafening enough to drown his and Percy's voice from being heard. Percy stirred under his hand. "What is the story about?" Percy asked timidly from under his covers. Seriously, his son needed to speak up a little louder if Poseidon were to hear him! "It's an interesting story, really, about why the lightning and thunder aren't scary," the sea god said with a twinkle in his eyes. Percy's eyes widened. "Why's that?" Poseidon coughed. "Say, son. Do you know about Greek myths?" Percy furrowed his eyebrows. "What's that?" Aah. He thought so. "It's…story characters, from Greece." "…Okay." "Now here are two famous characters, a couple. Husband and wife." Percy nodded. "The husband was called Zeus. He was the god of the skies, and king of a place in heaven called Oympus." "Uh-huh." "Mind you, you don't need to remember the details too much. Just the story," Poseidon said quickly, fearing that whatever excessive information he was about to give his son only increased his son's exposure to danger. "Okay." …He wasn't exactly reassured by that. But no matter. Poseidon took a deep breath, and continued. "So Zeus was the king of Olympus. His wife, Hera, was so then called the queen of Olympus." "Was she pretty?" Poseidon halted, thinking very carefully then. Since it wouldn't do any good for him to degrade Hera (all for himself and Percy and for currently-innocent Hera; plus, it wasn't Hera that Poseidon wanted to wreck vengeance on now), he safely answered: "Of course she is. She's queen, isn't she?" "Oh. Right." "So Zeus and Hera were king and queen of Olympus. They ruled the heavens – which mean they also ruled the skies. "Now there