Chapter One MAY THE ODDS BE EVER IN YOUR FAVOR District 4 was the fishing district. All of the seafood in Panem was produced by the masses of boats, fishermen, and women that set out across the ocean daily; sometimes risking their lives against the harsh and rough conditions of the untamable depths. District 4 territory covered of most of the East Coast – splitting the District into three main sections North East, East and South East. North East (commonly referred to a North') dealt with calmer seas conditions. It was home to the upper class people – including the Mayors Estate and of course the Victor Village. Factories, where food was cleaned, packaged and sold, lined the West Boarder and it was the main export for The Capitol and the richer Districts of 1 and 2. A few kilometers South of was East. 'Main Town' had the biggest population of 4 home to the School, Justice Building and Training Center (Where children would train for the Hunger Games; A violent and inhumane game invented by the Capitol where 24 kids were thrown into a world where it was kill or be killed – literally). Though training for the Games was, technically 'cheating' The Capitol often turned a blind eye – believing trained killers would somehow make it far more exciting. This was one of the reason 4 despised The Capitol. However, it was better to play along and keep a 'good' relationship with them rather than end up like 13: a pile of rubble and radiation. South was the furthest point of four; a few kilometers from Main Town. It was the oldest section of four but also the smallest and poorest part, home to the working class families. It was well known for its large markets; were families would sell the freshest of food. Rusty fishing boats filled the dingy ports, several houses were built off shore, and food was cut, gut and cleaned by hand. Family roots ran deep in South. The Cresta's were one of these families. They own a large fishing boat that was able to withstand the rather harsh conditions and was perfect deep sea fishing: a dangerous trade where the freshest and finest food was caught. They were well of enough to hire a few locals crazy enough to venture out into the great unknown. The family stall – that had been there since the beginning of the markets - was somewhat famous around 4 as where the Cresta's themselves. Ayden Cresta and his younger sister Annie now ran the stall; ever since their father had perished in a particularly bad storm three years ago leaving them with the care of the business, manic-depressed widow and elderly grandparents on the shoulders of his two oldest children. And even though they were only 16 and 12 respectively; they handled it quite well. Both prematurely learning how to deep-sea fish – which they both handled with ease after a few rough months, while also keeping the shall running and basically raising their three younger siblings. It was unheard of; two teenagers mastering a dangerous and sometime life-threating job while also running one of the most successful business in town and it made them somewhat celebrities. With many of the locals having a deep respect for the, their judgment and over course the natural skills. Every day, before dawn Ayden and a few locals would venture out onto the ocean before returning in the early hours of the afternoon to cut, gut and clean that days catch. Most days Annie joined them, her natural skill for swimming and knot tying surpassing her brothers: much to his dismay. Other day she ran the stall – her natural charisma and charm attracting many people – with a few women from town and her younger sisters Serena and Sonny. She and her brother worked hard – almost every day without fail: only stopping when the exhaustion got to strong and forced them to hand the responsibilities onto their workers – but that hardly ever happen. Both had dropped out of school – only reading borrowed textbooks occasionally as their way of 'learning'. Their elderly grandparents who lived with them looked after their home, brother Manny and depressive mother while sometimes helping them with the home delivers that Annie had insisted they do when one of their family friends was injured. Most days they didn't take a breath to consumed by their work to take notice many things and relied on friends to fill them in on the daily goings of 4. Friends like Haven Whiting – Annie's best friend for as long as she can remember. But even friend get sick of their ways and insist they leave the stall every now and then – like today. "Honestly Annie," Haven sighed, "If you work any longer your going to get age lines before your sixteen!" Her voice was loud and confident – a reflection of her herself. She careless flicked her blond fish tale braid over her shoulder as she sat on one of the back benches of the Cresta Stall, "Everyone's already at the beach so hurry the damn up!" Annie then appeared from the back room carry 2 crates of freshly cleaned oysters, lowing a loose strain of her wavy dark hair, that was tied lazily in a ponytail, away. "Thanks Shannon," she said as she handed her co-mate the crates before turning her attention to the best friend who was now dramatically lying along the gutting stations, "Sorry Hav, but I can't leave now, we're far too busy. Ayden will be back in a few hours with today lots," She grinned, "And you do know your lying were we gut the fish, right?" She started to laugh as Haven jumped up wiping the non-=existent fish guts of her clothes, "Oh shove off you," She muttered, "Come on Annie, don't you know what day it is?" "Umm, Tuesday?" "No… well yes it is… but I mean it the last day until The Reaping tomorrow! Might as well have a little fun before Miss I-like-to-talk-like-this arrives," She said putting on her best impression of District 4 Capitol Escort Domitia Yule. "You should go out Annie," Bernice Rankin a small and plump middle-age woman said, with a kind smile, "Go have some fun with your friends before you really do get age lines, we can handle it, can't we Shannon?" "Annie's got friends?" "Oh hush up you!" Annie laughed throwing a dishtowel at her, "Okay, okay I'll go just… but just for a few hours, I'll be back before close. Bernice you're in charge make sure Shannon and the girls don't burn down the stall," ("Heard that!") "Good Luck," she said before grabbing her bag and following Haven out. On the way down to the beach – just a short walk from the stall – locals wanting a chat with Annie stopped them every few minutes. Asking about her family; ("Oh, their fine thanks, Manny starting school next year, he's very excited,"), if she thinks this week with be a good fishing day; ("Hmm, hard to tell but if the wind keep picking up it could be harder to reach the best spots,") and thanking her for the stalls home delivers. "God Annie; do you think we'll make it to the beach before Friday?" When they did finally reached the beach, they found their friend lounging around a campfire. A few boys straighten up when they saw Annie (most of them having some sort of crush on her). Annie was oblivious though; too caught up in her work and family to take any notice of such things. They talked about trivial things like school and fishing but soon the conversation lead to the reaping tomorrow. Unlike kids from East and North, South kids didn't usually train for the Games; many to busy helping families run their business but they did learn a few weapons like spears, knifes and tridents for fishing and survival purposes though. Soon the conversation lead to the Reaping that was taking place tomorrow. "Reckon any of this year's careers could win? That Mason Huddlebrook has been bragging all over Main Town apparently – wanting to be the next Finnick Odair I suppose," Alana Winters said. "Who'd want to be like that ponce?" Dexter Tolswatter sneered, earning a highfive from some of the boys. "That's not a very nice thing to say," Lilianna Rivera had always had a crush on the beautiful Finnick Odair; one of the only few from the South. "Oh come on – haven't you heard the rumors – his Capitol lovers," "Yeah rumors," "He was in town a few days ago wasn't he Annie," Haven said wanting to avoid another argument. She was one of the few girls in 4 that wasn't hung up on him; claiming him "good looking but not worth my time." Most girls in the South weren't infatuated with him like those from the East and North but a few like Lilianna were. "Hmm?" Then there were girls like Annie – who hardly paid attention. "Finnick Odair; remember he can to the stall; bought some fish and that smoked eel off you… ringing any bells?" she asked mockingly – she was far to use to Annie aloofness. "Oh yes right the smoked eel, did I tell you guys I…" "Caught that yourself," Everyone else finished. "You've only told us a millions times Annie," Carina Barletta laughed. "Oh. Sorry," "So did the Finnick really grace us with his presence," Eric Stocknan mocked. "Oh yes, and he had a right old chat with Annie over here, there for almost an hour," Haven said; amused at the look that pasted over a few of the boys faces. "Ek! You served him!?" "Well yeah, Shannon had abit of a panic attack when he came in and had to sit out the back for a while," Annie said shrugging her shoulders. "Oh my seas, what was he like!?" "I dunno," "Of course, he come to towns and talks to the most oblivious person in the world, Annie Cresta," Carina laughed "I'm not oblivious!" "Yes you are!" They laughed "Alright I better head back," Annie said after a few more hours of pointless chit, chat. "I'll walk you!" A few boys said together, the girls rolled their eyes. "I'm perfectly capable to walk home by myself thankyou very much, no one would dared cross me," She gestured to herself; she looked about as threating as a bunny, we laughed "Where are you guys when I'm gutting fish intestines?" She joked before waving goodbye. She started to walk a few step before turning around, "Haven! Come on you're walking me home." She said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. Only Annie. "What!? You just said you were perfectly capable," "I am, doesn't mean I have to be, I need some muscle to protect little me and well you the most muscularly person I know," "Alright, but if someone attacks us your own your own Cresta. I'll see the lot of you's tomorrow then!" she waved as her and Annie linked arms and walked home. When they arrived out the front of the shall Haven pulled her into a hug, "Okay I'll see you tomorrow Annie," Haven pulled away, "Good luck and may the odds," "Be ever in you favor." Annie finished giggling. Before walking into the already closed store. "Finally back are you? What happen to 'I'll be back before close,'" Shannon mocked. "Sorry. Lost track of time," Annie distractedly said while she checked over a few last things, "Grab the stuff Sonny and we'll go home, and Serena get dinner out of the back fridge; Manny's probably eaten grandfather's arm by now," Bernice walked out: coat on bag in her hand. "Ayden already left – something about a splitting headache, he said he mieet you at your house ("Right oh thanks Bernie,") I'll walk you home Shannon; your mother