Reaping day dawns bright and cloudless with the promise of a gorgeous sunny day. Katniss Everdeen fishes in the morning with her best friend Gale Hawthorne, and they gather strawberries, but they're back at their respective homes early. It's Prim's first reaping, and Katniss wants to be there to comfort her little sister. Only one of Gale's three siblings is old enough for the reaping this year, but the younger two are nervous for their big brothers. A Seam girl is reaped, Katniss only knows her by sight, she's in Gale's year at school. She's 18, one of the oldest of this year's tributes, but underfed, scrawny and weak. This was her last reaping, if she hadn't been chosen she would have been free and clear now. The crowd barely reacts, older Seam kids are reaped every year, they're the ones with the most slips in the bowls. When the boy's name is called, however, an almost inhuman wail rises from somewhere in the crowd of waiting townsfolk. Davey Cartwright is only 13, all blond curls and chubby cheeks, he looks like a cherub. It's rare that merchants are reaped, they seldom have to take tesserae, and Davey would only have had two slips in the bowl, but the odds weren't in his favour. Katniss grabs Prim, hugging her hard, safe for another year. They walk home with their mother, and with Gale and his family. Tonight there will be fish stew and strawberries and silent prayers of thanks. It doesn't feel right to celebrate when there are two families grieving, but the relief is palpable. Everyone gets a day off for the reaping, but it's business as usual in the district the day after, back to work, back to school, normal except for the mandatory viewing in the evenings, though this early it's nothing but recaps and analysis. The Games don't start until two weeks after the reaping, but there will be interviews and training scores and the tribute parade for the Capitol's entertainment before that. Katniss notices Delly Cartwright is missing from their classes only because Madge points it out while they have lunch side by side. Delly is missing the next day too, but then it's the weekend and Katniss doesn't give any more thought to it. Summer weekends are when she and Gale can hunt from dawn to dusk, bringing in as much as possible to salt and store away for the winter, and to trade for things they'll need when the weather turns. On Saturday evening they watch the opening ceremonies on the big screens in the town square, crowded together with their families and most of the district. Once the games start people generally do their mandatory viewing at home, but the tribute parade is one last chance to see the children who were reaped looking healthy and alive. Little Davey looks lost on his chariot, a child playing dress-up, wearing daddy's coal miner helmet, a generous coating of coal dust and little else. Monday is rainy, so there's no hunting before school. Madge and Katniss eat lunch silently as always; together, but not really together. Madge elbows Katniss though, to get her attention, and points across the room with her chin. Delly Cartwright is back at school; attendance is mandatory until after your last reaping, the peacekeepers would have been banging on her door if she'd missed another day. But instead of sitting surrounded by other merchant kids like she used to, Delly is alone, slumped at a table near the other kids, but not too close, her hair lank and dull, her eyes red-rimmed and swollen. The merchant kids who are her friends don't seem to understand her grief, or maybe it's just that most of them have no experience with loss, so for the most part they shy away from Delly. A few stop with a quiet word but none stay, and after lunch Katniss watches as Delly shuffles back to class with her head down, alone. She doesn't mean to keep tabs on Delly, but somehow she can't help it. Every day she notices Delly looking worse and worse, notices fewer and fewer people say anything at all to the girl. And while it makes no sense for her to care, and even less sense to act on it, she feels almost a kinship with the broken merchant girl. She knows what it's like to lose someone that important, and every time she looks at Delly she can't help but think of losing Prim, knows that if it had been Prim who'd been reaped she herself would probably be falling apart. When Madge is absent from school, caring again for her ailing mother, Katniss sits beside Delly instead of sitting alone for lunch. The other girl looks quizzically at Katniss, it's the first time since the reaping that she's worn anything other than a dazed expression. Neither speaks, but Katniss pushes a bit of bread with goat cheese into Delly's hands and they both eat. The next day Katniss drags Delly over to sit with her and Madge and the three girls eat together wordlessly. Days follow in the same fashion, but on the day the Games are set to begin Delly finally speaks to Katniss, asking her if they can watch together during mandatory viewing, and Katniss agrees. They watch on the giant screens in the square, surrounded by a crowd of people more interested in enjoying the beautiful summer evening than in watching children kill each other. The Seam girl is killed in the first 20 minutes, during the bloodbath at the cornucopia, but Davey runs and hides and by the time mandatory viewing ends for the night he's holed himself up in a little cave by a stream. It's not the best hiding spot, but this early in the games he'll probably be safe overnight. Delly's spirits are better the next day, and as Davey continues to defy the odds she seems more and more like the Delly of old; tentatively chatting with her merchant friends again and taking care of herself, though she continues to share quiet lunches with Katniss and Madge. Ten days in Davey is bitten by a snake, and he dies lying on the riverbank in the mud, his sky blue eyes wide and his baby pink lips frozen open. He's the 15th tribute to die. That night Katniss has a nightmare. Bad dreams are common for her, she's had them since her father died, but this one is different. She dreams she's in the Games, watching Davey die in the mud. Only in her dream it isn't Davey's golden hair and vacant blue eyes that stare up at her, it's Peeta Mellark's. She jolts awake, heart pounding in horror and confusion. Peeta Mellark is a merchant boy, the baker's youngest son. They're in the same year at school, but they're not friends. In fact, they've never even spoken. Their one and only interaction was years ago when they were both eleven, a few months after her father died in an explosion in the mines where he worked. Her mother was locked in a deep depression, unable to care for her children and Katniss and Prim were starving to death. Katniss was slumped under an apple tree behind the Mellark bakery, in the pouring rain, waiting to die, when Peeta threw her two loaves of slightly burned bread. He hadn't said anything, but in the years since she'd thought about that day often, was almost certain he'd burned the loaves on purpose, for her, and had taken a beating from his mother because of it. The bread, and the hope that he'd given her had saved her and her family. Many times over the years she'd wanted to thank him but the opportunity had never arisen. She dismisses the dream as nothing; it's true that Peeta and Davey look similar with their merchant colouring, that's all it is. Still, she finds herself watching Peeta that day in school, and several times their eyes meet before one or the other looks quickly away. Delly comes to school every day but she's shattered. She sits with Katniss and Madge at lunch though, and their quiet companionship seems to help her hang on. Katniss notices that the only other classmate who speaks to Delly is Peeta, who walks Delly home after school on days when he doesn't have wrestling practice. The dreams plague Katniss, returning again and again, each time growing more vivid, more graphic, until the night she wakes Prim and her mother with her screams as she dreams that Peeta is dying on the riverbank, this time by her own hand. She can't sleep after that, so she heads to the woods. Before the sun has even fully risen she's emptied and reset the snare line and picked a gallon of blueberries. It's a perfect summer day, but she's too distracted to risk staying in the woods. Before she even realizes what she's doing she finds herself standing at the back door of the bakery. Usually when she comes to trade her squirrels for real bakery bread it's the baker who answers the back door but it's much earlier than usual today, and so it's Peeta's golden hair and shy smile that greet her. He offers to get his father, the first words he's ever spoken to her, but she shakes her head and thrusts a large cloth-wrapped bundle of berries into his hands, then turns and runs down the alley wordlessly. She feels better after that, maybe a half-gallon of blueberries is a poor repayment for the bread that saved her family, and it's definitely 5 years too late, but it's something. She hopes it'll calm her guilt and take away the nightmares. At school the next day Peeta approaches her before class starts with a determined look on his face and she panics, mentally assessing the ways she could run, but before she can move he's standing in front of her, pressing a muffin into her hands. It's fragrant, and still warm, and it takes every bit of her restraint not to shove it into her mouth right away. "I can't take this," she says quietly, in a voice tinged with regret. "I haven't got anything to trade." "Not a trade," he says with a shy smile. "I made them with the blueberries. From yesterday," he adds, as if he thinks she might have forgotten. She's speechless, and he walks away before she can stop him. She eats half of the muffin before heading to class, tucking the other half into her bag to give to Prim later, and it's the best thing she's ever tasted. Peeta begins to join them for lunch, not every day but a few times a week. While he's outgoing and gregarious with his other friends he's quiet with them, but just his presence seems to help coax Delly out of her shell. As the days pass they speak a little more, the strange foursome, and Katniss learns that Peeta's and Delly's parents were childhood friends themselves. Gale starts to work in the mines and he changes. They still meet in the woods on Sundays, it's the only day he doesn't work, but where they used to share a warm companionship, a brotherhood of sorts, things are now so much colder between them. Gale constantly berates her for spending time with her new 'townie' friends and she's bewildered; what difference does it make who she sits with at school for lunch? Gale doesn't even go to school anymore, and the small amount that she sees Delly or Madge or Peeta outside of school never interferes with her hunting. She still takes half of what the snares catch to the Hawthornes, even though Gale is down in the mines 6 days a week and can't help. Davey's tiny coffin is delivered to the district on a rainy Friday, eight agonizing weeks after he left on the very same