A/N: This was my entry for round two of the Everlark Games fic challenge, hosted on tumblr by fyeah-everlark. The theme was fantasy. It has been edited. (This was my favourite of my three entries, and I'm considering posting a companion chapter, from Peeta's POV.) Hundreds of years ago nearly everyone in Panem had a soulmark, a distinctive mark somewhere on their body that would match up with the soulmark of another person. Their soulmate. Finding the person who shared your soulmark, the journey, and of course the end result, was the basis for nearly all of the stories and music of days gone by. But soulmarks are incredibly rare these days. Nobody knows why, but each generation produced fewer and fewer soulmates. Soulmarks, and the few who bore them, fell out of favour, and began to be viewed with suspicion. No longer were songs written, and the stories were thought of as nothing more than myths. Rare as they are, soulmarks, and soulmates, do still exist. Katniss Everdeen's parents were soulmates. As Katniss grew up the stories told in her home weren't faded or warped with nostalgia, they were fresh and alive, two people whose love was boundless, transcending social constraints and family objections. Their home in the woods was filled with light and joy and music; love infused every corner of the tiny house, painted every interaction, surrounded and cradled the soulmates and their two daughters. Katniss, too, had a soulmark, a small bird in a circle on the inside of her wrist. Her father said she was special, that eventually she would find a love as rich and fulfilling as the one her parents shared. She was proud to be one of the select few, and thrilled with the idea that somewhere out there was someone to share her future adventures. Then on a cold January morning when Katniss was eleven her world shattered. Her beloved father was killed in a car crash, and her mother, her kind, laughing mother, might as well have died too. For weeks her mother laid in bed, crying and kissing her own soulmark - a delicate fern that adorned her knee - unresponsive to her children's begging and pleading. Katniss tried to take care of her little sister, Prim, and their mother, but she was just a child herself. Eventually someone, a neighbour perhaps or a school teacher, called Child Protective Services, who took the Everdeen girls away. They were placed with an uncle they barely knew in a city far away from the tiny house full of love. And Katniss stopped believing in soulmates. Stopped believing in love at all. Katniss hates this time of year, with pumpkin spice this and ginger spice that popping up on the menu of the coffee shop where she works, hates the cozy sweaters and rosy cheeks that her customers sport, hates the cold air that seeps in when customers hold the shop doors open too long. Autumn used to be her favourite season when she was a little girl, when leaves of orange and red carpeted her forest playground and tendrils of smoke curled from the chimney of her happy little house, but here in the city fall just means darkness creeps in earlier with each passing day. Today's been busy; she's spent what feels like the entire day making the seasonal lattes everyone wants, and she's exhausted and cranky. She's been on autopilot for at least an hour, not registering a single face as she hands steaming cups across the counter. She doesn't even notice that she's made a cup of tea instead of pumpkin swill until the hand of the person reaching for the cup brushes against her own. A current of electricity shoots up her arm and she jumps, cradling her wrist tightly against her body. Her head snaps up and she's looking into startled blue eyes filled with confusion. He felt it too , she thinks. "Sorry," he says softly, and it's almost a question. Her mouth opens, but nothing comes out and for a few moments they simply stare at each other. As the initial shock fades she starts to actually see him; medium height, stocky build, ashy blond hair that falls in waves over his forehead. Definitely attractive. The visual connection is severed when a huge-breasted blonde drapes herself over the blue eyed stranger, and his eyes flit away. Katniss shakes her head, dissipating the fog that clouded her mind, and goes back to working. She blames the steamed milk for the flush she feels spreading across her face, not the eyes of the stranger that seek her out twice more as he's dragged from the coffee shop. Not that she's watching. She feels him before she even sees him, a prickle that starts at the base of her spine and spreads like wildfire through her limbs. She knows even before she turns from the table she's wiping down that he's here. When she lifts her gaze she's looking into those blue eyes that have haunted her dreams since she first saw them three days ago. He's alone today, staring intently at her, equal parts eager and wary. She suspects her own expression mirrors his, but she schools her features into a mask and moves behind the counter. "What can I get for you," she asks in a voice too high and tight to be her own. He startles, as if he hadn't realized she was real, and a flush rises up his neck. Her eyes trace the rosy path as it traverses his strong jaw. "Earl Grey tea, please." His voice is deep and husky and she involuntarily squeezes her thighs together. "What's your name?" she asks softly and his eyebrows twitch. "Uhm, for the cup," she clarifies, waving the marker in her hand half-heartedly. For the cup. Sure. "Peeta." She takes his cash and hands him his beverage, careful not to let their hands brush. As he backs away, looking almost dazed, she smiles shyly at him, which is notable for its rarity; she seldom smiles at anyone but Prim. The next time she sees him he's wrapped in a leggy redhead. Katniss only has a handful of friends, she's never had much time for socializing. Annie and Madge are pretty much it, and she only sees them a few times a month. But Annie is dating someone new, and when she begs Katniss to come to his party she can't refuse. Finnick, Annie's new guy, shares a narrow rowhouse with three other men. Tonight it's packed with people, the air thick with cologne and sweat. Someone presses a bottle of beer into her hand and she chugs it, desperately needing the social lubrication. Katniss is not a people person. She cracks open bottle number two and wanders from room to room, scanning the crowd for familiar faces. Her body begins to hum; she thinks it's the alcohol until she sees the now familiar mop of blond hair. He's seated on a faded couch, a girl with fox-like features straddling his lap, her glossy red mane obscuring his face. But Katniss knows it's him. Moments later he seems to sense her presence too, pulling back to glance over the girl's shoulder, meeting Katniss's eyes, a collision of grey and blue. The pull is magnetic, but she forces herself to turn away, to walk out of the room. She feels his eyes burning between her shoulder blades as she does, and she can't understand the unpleasant feeling that bubbles up from her gut. She finds a tall, dark-eyed man to make her forget, if only for the night. "Who are you?" The voice doesn't surprise Katniss, she knew the moment he entered the nightclub where she tends bar, could feel his presence deep in the marrow of her bones. Before she can turn to fully face him someone else chimes in. "A better question is who are you?" Johanna, one of the waitresses, slips between them and runs a finger down his bicep. Katniss swears she sees him wince before he fixes his features into an almost predatory smirk as he takes in Jo, whose blouse can barely contain her ample tits. "Peeta Mellark," he says, his eyes flitting over Jo's shoulder briefly, to ensure Katniss is still listening. "I'm with the Mockingjays." "A musician," Johanna purrs. The Mockingjays are scheduled to perform there all week. Katniss has never heard of them, but her schedule doesn't leave much time for indulgences like popular music anyway. "I'm Johanna Mason," the waitress continues, "and I'll be your groupie tonight." Katniss snorts. "He has plenty of groupies already, Jo." Katniss goes back to checking the bar inventory, they open in an hour and it's likely to be packed tonight. "Ignore Brainless over there," she hears Jo say behind her. "She has all the charm of a dead slug. I'll take you backstage." They're good, the Mockingjays. Annie's guy is the lead singer, which Katniss vaguely remembers him saying when they met a week ago though it made no impression on her at the time. Peeta plays guitar, and he's riveting; his carefully styled waves turn into a riot of curls under the hot stage lights, the muscles in his forearms pull and flex as he caresses the strings. During the few lulls at the bar Katniss can scarcely tear her eyes away from him. The drink orders rush in like a river when their set is over, keeping Katniss busy as the band works the crowd, but after closing she slips backstage to congratulate the musicians. The small space is filled with people. Finnick is deep in conversation with the bar owner. The other band members and stage hands are crowded in with servers and fans who've been invited back. She looks for Peeta and isn't surprised when she spots him in the corner, a half-dressed coed on each knee. She sees his easy smile fall when he notices her presence, but she walks away before they can make eye contact, introducing herself instead to the drummer, a handsome lad with huge hands who's more than happy to take her home. "Katniss." It's the first time he's said her name, and it sounds like music falling from his lips. She smirks at him and he looks inordinately pleased with himself. He stalks closer, until her back hits the bar, and leans in, setting his hands on the smooth wood behind her, caging her in but not touching her. The hot cinnamon scent of his breath caresses her cheek. "Hello, Peeta," she murmurs, and his pupils dilate, the summer blue nearly vanishing. He's breathing too hard for just standing still, and she can't keep her eyes off the pulse in his throat. She wants to run her tongue over that fluttering point. "Will you stick around tonight, after our set?" he asks, the longest string of words he's ever given her. She shrugs, but it's coy; she'll stay and he knows it. He's not surrounded by groupies tonight, and he doesn't want to stay in the green room with his mates. They walk to an all-night diner instead, and over onion rings they talk and flirt. He's a student, like she is, taking his master's in art education. He's estranged from his family and the guitar gigs pay his rent and tuition. She shares her own basics, dead parents, living with a sister and uncle, working her way part-time through a biology degree. He loves the city, she loves the forest. He likes orange, she prefers green. Though they have little in common the pull between them is palpable, a smouldering attraction, a sexual tension, but also something deeper. They just click. She likes him, enjoys his company, wants to learn everything that makes Peeta Mellark tick. For the first time in her life she finds herself thinking about dating instead of just no-strings screwing. But she definitely wants him. So when he drops her at her apartment at sunrise