I rap my knuckles against the doorframe, more out of habit than necessity. Haymitch has an open door policy, at least where I'm concerned. He glances up from his desk, looking more haggard than usual, but when he sees me his eyes soften. "Sweetheart," he rasps. "Come on in." If anyone else dared to call Katniss Everdeen sweetheart , I'd probably punch them. But Haymitch Abernathy is my late father's longtime friend, and the closest thing to a parent I have. He's also, as principal of District Twelve Elementary School, my boss. I slide into the chair across from him, shaking my head as he tilts his towards the desk drawer, an unspoken offer of a drink. Instead, I wait. Haymitch and I are long past small talk. With a smirk, he pushes a manilla folder across the desk. "New kid for your class," he says. "What's the catch?" I ask. Mid-year transfers aren't uncommon, certainly not worth actually calling me into his office to talk about. I pick up the slim folder, weighing it thoughtfully. I teach first grade, so my student files are never very thick, but this one seems to have a few more pages than typical. Curious, I flip it open. Stapled to the first page is a small picture of the new student. He's cute. Most of the kids that filter in and out of my class are cute, six-year-olds usually are. But this little guy is cuter than average, an over-long mop of golden curls over pale blue eyes, chubby cheeks and a gap-toothed grin. "Max Van Allen," I read aloud. "He comes with a bit of a reputation." Haymitch says. I raise an eyebrow, and he continues. "D-Two calls him a troublemaker." I glance back at the wallet-sized picture. It's hard to believe the little cherub pictured could be a hellion. But flipping through the pages of incident reports gives a very different picture. Doesn't listen. Doesn't play well with other children. Disruptive . Then again, District Two has a reputation for being a somewhat stricter school, located as it is in the most affluent part of the state. "You dragged me in here at lunch just to saddle me with a brat? Why don't you put him in Beetee's class? I'm pretty sure it's his turn." "I got you out of playground supervision, Sweetheart," he growls, and I smirk because it's true, and he knows supervising the kids post-lunch, when they're antsy and hopped up on juice, is my least favourite activity. After a moment he shrugs. "Besides, you're a better fit for this one." My smartass retort dies on my tongue as I skim little Max's contact information. Mother: deceased . "Oh," I say softly, understanding, and he nods. "Happened last summer. Figured you'd remember how that felt, maybe understand the kid better than Beetee could." I was a little older than Max when I lost my father, but I remember the pain and confusion as if it were yesterday. And I'm sure Haymitch remembers how sullen I was back then. How disruptive my sister Prim was. How long it took us to get over his loss. Not that we ever did. Not fully anyway. And Haymitch knows that too. I sigh. "When does he start?" "Monday." o-o-o Max turns out to be a charming, gregarious little fellow. He marches into my class his first day with a smile and a single sunshine-frosted cookie in a glassine envelope, 'for my new teacher'. He enthrals the school bus driver and the lunch lady too, effortlessly. And for the first few days it feels like District Two and Haymitch have exaggerated the potential for trouble. But the bloom is off the rose quickly. Though he can be sweet, he's clearly not accustomed to compromise. He's bossy and demanding, doesn't like to share, is quick to throw tantrums and lash out when he doesn't get his way. By the end of week two, the staff are throwing around words like 'spoiled' and 'menace'. I try partnering him with different kids every day, trying to ease him into our routines, find a comfortable fit for him, but each choice is less and less successful. Soon enough, he's spending more time in time out than actually interacting with the other students. And as his behaviour deteriorates, the other kids stop wanting to play with him, which makes things worse. Max becomes progressively angrier, often brooding. Refuses to do his seatwork. Refuses to engage in the lessons. A few gentle notes home suggesting that Max is having trouble integrating come back with vague scrawled promises of talking to him. But if anything, the situation worsens. He becomes belligerent, seems to take a sadistic pleasure in pushing buttons - mine and the rest of the staff's. I'm forced to send him to Haymitch repeatedly. "I don't know what to do with him," I admit to my mentor one lunch break over turkey sandwiches (for me) and scotch (for Haymitch). "He can be really sweet sometimes. But he's so angry, so mad at the world." "Sound familiar, Sweetheart?" Haymitch laughs. He's right, of course. I could be describing myself fifteen years ago. "What can I do?" I don't like to seem incompetent, but I'm truly at a loss. And I know Haymitch placed Max with me because he thinks I can help. "Kid doesn't have a mother. Maybe he needs a mother figure in his life, at least for a few hours a day?" I snort. "Haymitch, I'd be shitty at that. You know I don't want kids." "I also know that's because you love them, and are too damned afraid of seeing them get hurt like you were." It's hard to argue with that. So I shrug. But I'm no closer to figuring out what to do with Max. o-o-o It's a Wednesday morning, just about a month after Max arrived, and I glance over at his desk. The other children are all happily colouring and cutting out drawings of clothing for our vocabulary lesson, and chatting among themselves. But Max is staring out the window. Instead of the angry face he's been wearing almost constantly, what I see now is a sad, lonely little boy. And my heart breaks for him. So when lunchtime comes, I ask my classroom helper to walk the other children down to the lunch room. But I keep Max behind. He sits as his desk, head hanging, tearing a piece of paper into tiny scraps. "I'd like to talk with you, Max," I start. "Can you tell me what's going on?" He shrugs. "It seems like you're not very happy here," I start and his blue eyes snap up to mine. "Are you going to send me away now?" He's wearing his typical defiant expression, but his bottom lip trembles. And though I've taught over a hundred kids in the four years I've been with District Twelve, there's something about this little guy in particular that tugs pretty hard at my heartstrings. Maybe it's because I see so much of myself in his tough exterior and tender heart. "No Max, I'm your teacher and this is your classroom until you're ready to move up to second grade. You're going to stay here with me for the rest of the year." I hope I'm telling him the truth, I'm uncertain of the reason for his mid-year move, though I assume it has something to do with his mother's death. But I think what he needs, more than anything, is some stability. And if I can give him that, I will. "But I'm a bad boy," he says. "You're not bad," I tell him, but he's looking out the window again. "Max," I say gently, then wait until he turns to me. His soft blue eyes shimmer. "You're not a bad boy. Sometimes you do things without thinking carefully, but you're not bad. Okay?" "Papa says I'm bad. That's why I'm here." The tears overflow and I instinctively open my arms to him. He clings tightly, crying on my shoulder. "You're a good person, Max." My voice is a little rough and I have to speak around the lump in my throat. "You're a really special kid, and I like you a lot." At those words he pulls back a bit, utterly perplexed, and I wonder if no one has told him that they like him? How could that be? But then I think back to my own childhood. When my father died I desperately needed an adult to tell me everything was going to be okay. And for the longest time, there was no one. My mother fell apart when she lost her husband, incapable of supporting her children emotionally. Until Haymitch stepped in, Prim and I were tetherless, angry and so very afraid. I can see in little Max a lot of the same fear and confusion. And I vow to help him. o-o-o After our talk, there are some improvements in Max's behaviour. Not a lot, and they're subtle, but I see them. He looks to me more and more frequently for guidance, when he's struggling to get along with one of his peers. And because I'm keeping a close eye on him, I'm able to encourage him in a way that doesn't look like an intervention. He comes to me for comfort too. I do what I can, but my hands are a little tied by the school board and by regulations and by the simple fact that with twenty-six children in my classroom my time is limited. But he gladly takes what little I offer, blossoming like a dandelion under a few words of praise. All of which makes me angrier and angrier with his father, this man who tells his son that he's a 'bad boy', who clearly isn't offering the child what he needs, emotionally. The day that the children draw family portraits, and Max's shows just a single, tiny figure in front of a large house, I know I have to do something more. The only thing I can think of is to meet with the asshole father, to try to reason with him in person. So I ask Effie, our secretary, to set something up. o-o-o Mr. Van Allen and his son are a study in the power of genetics. Standing in my classroom doorway, they could be the same person, twenty-some years apart. Blond hair, fair skin, stocky builds. Both wear identical expressions of unease. When Max notices me, his little face lights up, and he runs across the room to hug me. I ruffle his hair and grin, but then I glance at his father, who looks stunned. I turn my attention back to the important person in the room. "Hello Max," I say, and he beams at me. "Would you like to show your papa where your desk is?" It's an easy way to make the parent more comfortable, and to give the child a modicum of control over the situation. Most kids love it. Max scowls. "He's not my papa," he grumbles, not even sparing the blond man a glance. "That's Peeta." I glance up in confusion. The man shifting uncomfortably in the doorway is obviously related to little Max, they're virtual clones. "I'm Max's father," he confirms tightly, his neck and cheeks flooding with colour. He can barely make eye contact as he walks towards us. I wonder if he has a bad temper. "Miss Everdeen," I say, reaching out to shake his hand, which is huge and clammy. "It's nice to meet you Mr. Van Allen." "Oh, it's uh, Mellark," he says, and the flush deepens. "Peeta Mellark. Max has his late mother's name." Oh. I take an absolutely inappropriate glance at Max's father's left hand. Bare, not that the lack of a wedding band means anything. "I'm sorry," I tell him, confused. "I thought it said Van Allen in the record." Mr. Mellark nods. "Max was living with