From the Tumblr Everlark Fic Exchange challenge. Prompt 35: Peeta is Prim's teacher. She is having a hard time with his class and Katniss decides to confront him. [submitted by Anonymous] Part one. Rated K (fic is rated M for future considerations). The only warning is that I'm incapable of writing things without curse words. This will probably be part 1 of 2, because I'm not quite done with this universe. It's too quiet when I get home from work. The television should be flashing, music blaring, teenaged giggles should be filling the room. But it's silent. "Prim?" There's no answer to my call, no shuffling of steps, nothing. Rationally, I know there's no need to panic. She's probably in her room, studying. Concentrating so hard that she doesn't hear me. "Prim!" Louder now, insistent. Maybe a little hysterical. But coming into a quiet house just reminds me too much of another day, when I came home to a quiet house. When I came home to find my father dead on the kitchen floor and my mother nearly catatonic next to his body. I take the stairs two at a time, and burst into my sister's room with enough force to smash her door against the wall. She's sprawled across her bed, and she jumps at the bang, whipping her head around to face me. Her expression is one of fear and confusion, but her cheeks are wet with tears. "Primmy, oh my God, you didn't answer." I've crossed the tiny room in 3 steps and am clutching at her, looking for injuries, looking for a reason for her quiet and for her tears. She shoves me away as roughly as her tiny frame can manage, and pulls a pair of hot pink earbuds from her ears. "What the hell, Katniss?" She's breathing nearly as hard as I am, angry and probably embarrassed by my outburst, but I don't care. I hug her hard. "You didn't answer. I thought…" Her body softens against mine, and her thin arms snake out to wrap around my waist. "I'm sorry, I didn't hear you. I'm okay. We're okay, Katniss." I just nod into her hair. She knows, better than anyone, about my fears. And I know hers. For the past three years it's been Prim and me against the world. We are all each other has left. It isn't until we're eating supper together, noodle soup and grilled cheese sandwiches, that Prim finally tells me why she was crying earlier, and only after I've asked her four or five times. She sighs, swirling her spoon through the dregs of her soup aimlessly. "It's that class," she mumbles. "Which class?" Prim is a high school sophomore, and absolutely brilliant. She would get straight A's without even trying, but she won't settle for that. She works insanely hard, taking advanced placement courses, doing community service projects, playing flute in the band, joining student government. She wants to go to a good college, and she's determined to get a full ride scholarship. Honestly, she'll need one to make those dreams come true. But I have no doubt she'll make it. "The graphic design class." It's barely a whisper, and I cringe internally, though I try not to let it show. I already know she doesn't like the class. She tells me she loves it, fakes enthusiasm every time I pick her up at the private business college where the class is held, but I know my baby sister. "You can withdraw, if you want. You know that." We'd discussed it with her academic advisor at Panem High before signing Prim up, the class won't count against her if she doesn't get a stellar mark. It's a continuing ed course, so even if she wanted to enrol at this college in the future it wouldn't show up on a transcript. Not that it matters. Prim is destined for way bigger things anyway. "I'm not going to quit." The stubborn set of her chin reminds me so much of my own, and I have to stifle a grin. Prim is my polar opposite in looks and temperament, with her fair colouring where I am dark, and sunny disposition while I can be moody. But when it comes to stubbornness we are two peas in a pod. I smile a little, but I feel guilty. She's been sticking out this class that she hates - this class that she's only taking because that same damned academic advisor told her she should join the yearbook committee - because the course was really expensive. Though I didn't tell her so, I'm sure she knows we couldn't really afford it. I had to put off replacing the tires on my shitbox car in order to pay for this 2 evenings a week class, plus all of the supplies and fees that went along with it. And I don't mind, I really don't. I'd do anything for Prim, even if it means driving my Corolla like a little old lady every time it rains. "What can I do then?" I hate to see her so frustrated, so sad. She's really not like this. "Nothing," she grunts. "I just suck at it, okay. I'm terrible at it." "Come on, Primmy, I'm sure it's not that bad." I start, but she interrupts me. "Not that bad? My designs look like a kindergartener scrawled them on toilet paper with a ketchup bottle!" Well there's a visual. "And the others are all submitting these professional layouts… I got my grade back this evening, for my last assignment." She sniffles, her bottom lip trembling, and for a moment she looks like the pink-cheeked toddler I remember from happier days. "I got a 40, Katniss." "Out of fifty?" I mean, I know she's a perfectionist, but that seems like a decent mark for a class that doesn't matter anyway. "Forty percent! I failed! And if I can't pull my grade up they're going to ask me to leave." Oh. That's probably true, the registrar had been reluctant enough to allow my not-quite 16 year old sister into the class in the first place, concerned that she wouldn't have the focus or maturity to handle a college course. "I'm sure we can fix it, there's probably extra credit stuff you can do to pull up the mark…" She shoots me a dirty look. "Stay out of it, Katniss!" She storms off; the house shudders with the force of her bedroom door slamming. There's the teenager noises I'd been expecting. And though I've been going non-stop since 5 this morning, working two jobs, I gather our dishes and fill the sink with hot soapy water. But while I scrub, I formulate a plan. Seneca Crane is an asshole. I emailed Prim's professor and received a very generic reply, advising me to speak to the director of the Arena School of Business, Dr. Crane. It took 6 tries before the dickwad deigned to even take my call, and then he lectured me about mommies intervening in their children's education. I didn't bother to correct him; he certainly doesn't need to know that our mother is in an institution upstate, or that I'm not even legally Prim's guardian. No, that role belongs to our uncle, Haymitch Abernathy, drunk and unreliable though he is. But good luck getting him to step in anyway. I can barely get him to sign her school papers. Crane, the bastard, flat out refused to help me. Refused to give me a phone number for Prim's professor, or to allow me to make an appointment to speak with the guy directly. I assume the prof is more rational than his boss, Prim says he's a nice enough guy. I'm sure if I speak with him I can figure out a way to help her. However, Crane inadvertently gave me the means to sidestep him. Prim's teacher, one Mr Mellark, apparently also works in the bakery on the corner of 12th Avenue. The very charming little mom-and-pop style bakery I'm standing in front of now. With Mellark's written in swooping gold script above glass windows edged in hand painted flowers. Huh. The professor must also be the bakery owner. Though it's early, the bakery is open, warm golden light spilling out onto the sidewalk, reflecting on the wet pavement, a beacon in the cold, relentless November rain. And like a moth I'm drawn to it, and have stepped through the door before I even have time to consider what I'm going to do. I'd only intended on driving by on my way to the diner where I work on weekends (and evenings when I can grab a shift), just to see what their opening hours are. But it calls to me. The inside is even more charming than the exterior, warm and good smelling, pristine glass cases displaying the kinds of goodies I could never justify paying for, and tall tables that invite you to bring that gloriously decadent treat over and stay awhile. I'm so busy gawking at this little slice of heaven that I don't notice the proprietor has come to the counter. "Can I help you, Miss?" My head jerks up at the deep baritone voice that must belong to Mr Mellark. He's broad shouldered and handsome, golden curls that are slightly too long, with just a touch of silver at the temples, and blue eyes that sparkle with amusement from behind thick glasses. Though he's probably about the same age as Uncle Haymitch, he seems much younger. No wonder Prim is so taken with him. "Mr Mellark?" I ask, and my voice squeaks a little, betraying my nerves. He barely nods before I launch into the speech I've prepared about Prim, about how smart she is and how hard she works, how much this class means to her, how she needs to pad her extracurriculars for college applications, and most importantly how patently unfair the grade she received on her assignment was. The more I ramble, the more his eyes crinkle with confusion and amusement, and the more flustered I get. I'm close to losing my patience when he holds up a hand. "Miss?" he interrupts, and waits. I haven't even introduced myself. Crap. "Everdeen," I tell him. "Katniss Everdeen." I hope he doesn't hold my bumbling against Prim. She's already going to be annoyed enough that I've intervened. "Well Miss Everdeen, it's lovely to meet you, but I suspect you're actually looking for my son since he's the teacher and I'm only a lowly baker." He chuckles at my confused expression, and gestures to one of the tables. "Why don't you have a seat and I'll get him. Would you like some coffee?" "Oh, uh, n-no thank you," I grumble, and then cringe. Shit, first I burst in and rant at him, keep him from baking or whatever he should be doing, then I don't even buy anything from his shop. I feel like an ass. But he merely smiles kindly and wanders back through a swinging door, probably to a kitchen. I can faintly hear the low murmur of voices, two at least, but can't make out any words. It feels like I wait forever, though really it can't be more than a few minutes. But I'm already edgy and cranky and second (third?) guessing myself for showing up here unannounced. I've almost made up my mind just to bolt when the door swings open again, and a man about my age stalks through, annoyance clear on his face. Holy shit. This is definitely Mr Mellark's son, the resemblance is clear, but while Mellark the senior is attractive the man standing in front of me is drop dead gorgeous. His hair is shorter, falling is ashy waves over his forehead, his eyes so very blue without lenses to obscure them. And his arms, good lord! His biceps bulge under his simple white t-shirt, his forearms are sinewy where they're crossed over his broad chest.