A/N: This was my entry for round three of the Everlark Games fic challenge, hosted on tumblr by fyeah-everlark. The theme was AU. I chose a modern AU take on 'growing together'. This was born of a discussion my husband and I had about emotional affairs (purely hypothetical I assure you!) It's going to be a long day. Plutarch knows I'm busy, so what does he do? Assigns the new hire to my team. Effective today. And he tells me this by text of all fucking things, as I'm tearing out of my girlfriend's place this morning, already late for work and wearing yesterday's slacks. Who the hell starts a new job on a Wednesday anyway? I sneak into my own office as soon as I get to work; thankfully I keep extra clothes here. My phone starts buzzing before I've even finished knotting my tie. She's here. I can only skim through the new hire's resume as I run for the elevators. Young, only a year out of school, with a master's in epidemiology, she'd been working as a policy wonk for an environmental NGO in the Capitol. By the time I've reached the concourse my tie is straight and the elevator mirror says I look reasonably professional. We're pretty casual here but my mother always drilled into my head that you never get a second chance to make a first impression. I notice Plutarch first; he's wearing another of those ridiculous bright-coloured suits his young lover tells him are trendy. They're not, but no one is going to tell Plutarch that. Beside him, looking out the large windows, is the new hire. Dressed in a black pencil skirt and pale grey blouse, she's not very big, and not particularly pretty, at least not conventionally so, though there's an elegance to the way she holds herself. But she turns at the sound of my footsteps, and I'm completely mesmerized. Her eyes are an unusual silvery colour, and when they lock onto mine I feel it like an electrical shock. "There he is now," Plutarch bellows and I grimace. He's my boss, and he can be a good boss, but fuck I'm annoyed with him. "Peeta my boy," he continues, and I plaster the biggest smile I can muster on my face. "Allow me to present Katniss Everdeen. Katniss, this is Peeta Mellark, Director of Reporting for The Office of Minority Health and Health Equity." I snicker internally, fancy title for a middle management position in the civil service. But I like my job. "Pleased to meet you," I tell her, reaching to shake her hand. Her grip is firm, surprisingly so for such a little wisp of a woman. "Mr Mellark," she says and her voice is smoky and rich, smooth as bourbon. Completely unexpected. It's only when Plutarch slaps me on the back that I realize I'm still holding her hand. "I'll leave her in your capable hands my boy," he says. Despite our precarious start Katniss and I get along like a house on fire. She's easy to talk to, smart as a whip and has the driest sense of humour. She's a hell of a worker too, and so dependable that I gravitate towards her when I need help with the most important files. Many days she and I find ourselves working well into the evening together when the others have long since vanished. We share take out dinners several times a week, her appetite rivals my own and unlike the other women in the office she's not carb-free or paleo or whatever, she loves burgers and fries and salty noodles from the pho place. It's refreshing. And in those evenings of hard work, fast food, cold coffee and exhaustion we forge a genuine friendship. After a long day that capped off an interminable week I lock my office door and head down the hall. It's well past six and all I want to do is head home, have a beer and zone out in front of the tube. That's not in the cards for me though; Glimmer, my girlfriend, has plans for us and I know better than to plead exhaustion. I'm not sure even death would convince her to change any of her plans. I blame my fatigue for not noticing Katniss until I nearly bump into her, my hands instinctively reaching out to curl around her waist as we narrowly avoid colliding. Gone is the blouse and slacks combo that she wears every day, instead she's changed into a silky, clingy dress in my favourite soft orange. It's cut conservatively, knee length and modest, but it hugs her curves perfectly. She's paired it with tall black boots and pulled her hair out of its usual braid so that it cascades in raven waves down her back. Holy shit she's stunning. A blush paints her cheeks and travels down to where the tops of her breasts peek out from the v-neck of her dress. My dick twitches and I drop my hands quickly, stepping back. "You, ah, you look nice." My voice sounds gravelly and I clear my throat. "Hot date tonight?" I try to joke, but it sounds flat. She slowly blinks once, twice, then shakes her head slightly. "Uh, yeah, sort of. My boyfriend's mother is in town." Boyfriend? In months of working side by side, chatting, sharing take out while we stay late, she's never mentioned a boyfriend. I mean, I don't talk much about Glimmer either I guess, but I'm sure I've brought her up in passing. I think. "He's taking us to L'Orée du Bois," she continues. My eyebrows shoot up, it's a trendy spot in the city, a place you go when you want to be seen. From what I know of Katniss it's not the type of place she'll enjoy. She grimaces. "Yeah, it's a little pretentious, but Gale likes to spoil his mom." I barely bite back a retort. I imagine the choice of restaurant actually has more to do with ego. "Anyway, I should go," she says softly. "Goodnight Peeta. Have a nice evening." "Goodnight Katniss," I murmur as she walks away, the sway of her hips utterly captivating. I try to convince myself that the clenching in my gut is hunger, not jealousy. "Everdeen!" I bellow at her from across the floor. "It's your turn to pick, get a move on!" She rolls her eyes but dutifully moves away from her desk and comes over to where Finn, Jo, and I are crowded around Haymitch's laptop screen. Her hand on my shoulder for balance, she skims the remaining list of players thoughtfully before choosing some obscure guy I've never heard of for the last spot on her fantasy hockey team. At my raised eyebrow she smirks. "He played for the Mockingjays when I was a student there," she explains. "This is going to be his year, mark my words." She's right; her team leads the pool right from the beginning, and she earns Haymitch's respect with her rather impressive knowledge of hockey stats, both professional and collegiate. When I ask her about it her expression turns melancholy. "My dad was a huge hockey fan, it's something he shared with me," she says softly, but doesn't elaborate further. "So who are you today?" Katniss startles a little, looking up from the spreadsheet she was engrossed in and turning the paper cup in front of her so that I can read the name scrawled on the side in marker. Candice. "Hey, that's closer than usual," I tease, and she laughs. On a shelf in her cubicle she has an army of takeout cups lined up, their bizarre distortions of her name proudly displayed. That she has accumulated so many cups in the four months she's been here is a testament to how much her life seems to revolve around her job. It's almost 7 and she's still here. Of course, so am I. "What are you going to do if they ever get it right?" I ask. She shrugs. "Guess I'd have to leave here, find a new office and a new coffee shop, start over," she laughs. I laugh too. "Good thing it's not going to happen," I tell her, and the smile she rewards me with is so genuinely sweet that I know I'll do almost anything to see it again. "Don't dilly-dally, Peeta, it's going to be a big, big, big night!" Effie Trinket might be the most gratingly chipper person I've ever met, but she's a bulldog under the cotton candy exterior. She's running our annual charitable drive; this year she's organized a karaoke night to benefit the local children's hospital. I'd rather have my leg chewed off by rabid mutts than go, but she knows I'm a sucker for children's charities. It's not as bad as I was expecting. We have the whole place to ourselves, and the playlist is entirely tunes from the 70s, 80s and 90s. I slide into a booth next to Katniss; she's already ordered a beer for me and one for herself. Finnick Odair from the finance department is flirting absolutely shamelessly with her, I love watching her squirm as he gets more and more suggestive. Someday he's going to end up in harassment training, or worse. Most of our coworkers are terrible singers. When Cato, from security, belts out 'Don't Stop Believing' in a key that only dogs can appreciate I know I have to join in the fun. I grab Katniss's hand and drag her up with me, and while she pretends to protest she's smiling and laughing. We duet on 'Paradise by the Dashboard Light,' and it's the most fun I can remember having in forever. When we collapse back into the booth I can't stop smiling, and her eyes are twinkling. A few drinks later Katniss goes up for another song, a ballad this time. Madonna's 'Crazy for You,' a song that should be the epitome of cheese, but when her voice floats through the bar, sultry and warm and utterly captivating, every patron falls silent. Fuck can she sing! Her gaze locks on mine, and everything else disappears for me, my entire world compresses to a pair of smoky silver eyes and a voice that wraps around my soul. I toss my phone carelessly on the desk and drop my head into my hands, concentrating on breathing evenly. I'm almost 30 years old, it's ridiculous that she can still upset me this much, but my mother has always known just how to push my buttons. I'm still hunched over, trying to ignore the voices that tell me I'm worthless and a disappointment, when Katniss wanders in. I didn't know she was still here, it's the day before Thanksgiving, most of the office left early. She doesn't ask me what's wrong, doesn't try to cheer me up or tell me I'm too old to be fighting tears. She just pulls a chair around, sits beside me, and rubs my back soothingly. When I'm calm she drags me out of my office and down the block to The Hob, the bar where we have happy hour on Fridays. Today it's nearly empty, intimate. Over beers I spill my family story, and she listens. I don't think anyone has ever really listened to me before. Not like this. Not like her. The cup on her desk says Catalyst today and I snort. "They're just screwing with you now." She laughs, it's such a musical sound that my own smile widens in response. "Yeah," she admits, "I think they are. But the sheer number of pictures I post on social media of their cups is likely their entire advertising campaign." She's probably right about that, but I admit I enjoy seeing them. Her whole feed is coffee cups and pictures of her sister. She glances at her phone, then grimaces. "Shit," she mutters, closing her laptop as I perch on the edge of her desk.