It's past eight when I finally make it to the Hob. The gang is crowded around our usual table, and already it's littered with bottles and glasses. We have a standing date, drinks and pool every Friday night at six-thirty, but I seldom make it on time. I love my job, but my boss is kind of an asshole and I end up staying late more often than not. Even from the door I can see that Annie is perched in Finnick's lap. I thought that when they got married last year the PDAs would stop, but marriage seems to have intensified their need to touch each other. Johanna is beside Finn, and probably stealing swigs of his beer when his attention is diverted. Cressida, Jo's girlfriend, and Thresh, my neighbour, have their heads bent in serious conversation. And, saving me a seat on the aisle, is my best friend in the world. Peeta. Every time I see him my chest tightens, just a little. I'm so damned lucky to have him in my life. Peeta and I both come from the same small town in eastern Pennsylvania. In fact, we were in the same classes growing up, right from kindergarten until my mother remarried the summer before 11th grade and we moved away. But I didn't really know him then. Fate is strange though, somehow we both ended up interning for the same company in the Capitol, right out of college. That was three years ago. We've both moved on from the Capitol dungeons, as Peeta calls the archives where we toiled and forged our friendship. But not from each other. He's the first person I call when I see something funny or when I get good news. The only one I want to comfort me when I'm sad. I slide into the seat he's saved me; he turns from his conversation to wrap me in a hug. "You're late, Everdeen," he scolds, but there's no bite to his words. I know he'd have waited all night, if it had come to that. "Brainless, you finally showed," Johanna barks across the table. "Now you can ask her, Breadboy!" I turn expectantly towards Peeta, but the waiter arrives, and everyone orders another round, plus nachos to share. Chaos ensues as everyone talks overtop of each other, demanding the nachos have extra cheese, or jalapenos on the side, or no guac, or extra guac. Jo's strange directive gets lost in the cacophony. It's not until much later, two gin and tonics later to be precise, that I remember. "Ask me what?" Peeta turns to face me, he's had far more than two drinks, the tips of his ears are bright red. "Hmmm?" He grins lazily. "Jo said you wanted to ask me something." He stiffens, as if suddenly remembering. "Oh, it, uh. It was nothing. Never mind." I shrug. I'm curious, sure, but I don't like to push Peeta. We're respectful that way. Jo isn't. "Bullshit," she roars, and half the bar turns to stare. "You wanted to ask her to go to that... that wedding thing." Peeta is squirming, shooting daggers at Jo, who cackles from her side of the table. "What wedding thing?" He lets out a long sigh, picking at the label on his bottle. "My uncle's wedding," he groans. "I thought you were skipping that?" I saw the invite on his fridge a few weeks ago. He said then that he didn't want to go, that he and his uncle just weren't that close. "My mother has a different idea," he grumbles. "I'll come," I tell him. "You don't even need to ask." But he shakes his head, looks almost panicked. "That won't be necessary. I'll go stag, it'll be fine. Better, really." "Better?" This time it's Cressida who cuts in. "You said your mom was going to set you up with someone if you showed up without your pretend girlfriend." Peeta makes an odd whine, drops his head to the table. "Your what now? Fake girlfriend? Like a sock puppet?" The back of his neck gets impossibly redder at my teasing. Peeta has rarely dated in all the time I've known him. I always joke about his socks seeing all of the action. When he speaks his voice is muffled by arms and table, barely understandable. "Just drop it. Please?" I shrug again, though he can't see me. Two days later, I bring it up again. We're having lunch - apple and goat cheese paninis - at my favourite sandwich shop. He sighs, defeated. He knows me well enough to know I'm going to keep asking. "Mom's been harassing me for a few months to come out and meet her friend's daughter," he says reluctantly. "And…" I prompt. "And I don't want to." I shoot him my very best duh expression. He sighs. "And I wanted her to stop hassling me about it… So I told her that I was already dating someone." "But you're not." This time it's his glance that screams duh, and I laugh. "So you need a fake girlfriend, to keep your mom off your back." "Something like that, yeah," he grumbles. "I'd be great for that. I already know you, so I'll get all of the answers right when your family gives me the third degree!" He makes a choked noise, but says nothing, playing with the waxed paper wrapping in front of him, creasing and smoothing, creasing and smoothing. I don't know what to make of his reluctance, except to wonder if maybe he'd be embarrassed by me. The few women he's dated since I've known him have all been of the knockout variety and I, well. I am not. But surely I'm better than than the alternative of showing up alone and facing his mother's meddling? Finally I break the silence between us. "I… I want to do this with you, Peeta," I admit softly. "I haven't been back to Panem since my dad died." It's been nearly ten years since I've seen the town where I was born. Since I've visited his grave. Peeta looks up, his eyes soft and sad. "Oh, Katniss," he murmurs, pushing aside the wrapper to grab my hands. "I'm sorry, I didn't even think…" I squeeze his hands, grateful for his understanding. We haven't talked much about my father, but Peeta knows how much I miss him. How much his death affects me still. After a few reflective minutes where he holds my hands, plays with my fingers, he asks quietly, "Are you sure you can do it, Katniss? My family is…" He trails off. His family are mostly assholes, that I know. It's why he chose to stay here after college, instead of going back to Panem. "I think," I start, and then stop to collect my thoughts. "It's just," I continue. "I've known you forever, and I've never even met any of your family." "That's not quite true," he mumbles, and I look at him, perplexed. "You, ah. You came into the bakery a few times. With your dad." He won't look at me, which is probably for the best because my mouth is hanging open. My dad and I used to go to Mellark's bakery when I was really young. But I was eleven when he died. And my mother, well, for a long time she was a ghost. She went to work, bought groceries sometimes, but she certainly never took us anywhere. She started to live again only when my stepdad came into our lives. I haven't been to Mellark's in fifteen years, at least. "I, uhm. I didn't realize that you remembered that." In my mind's eye I can see him, flushed and chubby-cheeked, helping his father behind the counter. He never said a word, those few times I'd seen him there. But he always had a shy smile. "I remember everything," he says so seriously that it makes my pulse flutter. My mouth is dry and my face feels hot. Generally, I deal with discomfort by running, but Peeta has my hands in a death grip. So I deflect. "Well, I've changed a little since I was eleven. Your dad probably doesn't remember me now anyway." He laughs, a breathy little noise, then releases my hands and grabs his cup of tea, effectively ending the conversation. But the strange tension remains. The drive to Panem takes four hours, during which Peeta gives me free rein over the radio. I sing, he laughs, and for the first three and a half hours we have a great time. But he gets quieter and quieter the closer we get. It's Wednesday afternoon, which is ridiculous considering the wedding isn't until Saturday. But I guess there are other obligations that go along with having your family member get married. Or so Peeta says. When my mom and step-father married it was just them, me, and Prim in a little room at city hall. I'm just glad I had so much personal leave banked at work. My asshat boss was none too pleased when I told him I'd be away a whopping three days. When the signs proclaiming our entry into the greater Panem area pop up, he speaks. "Do you want to look around town first?" And with a grin I tell him that I do. He takes us right through the downtown, pointing out his father's bakery, among other places. Hardly anything looks like I remember and I'm more than a little disoriented. So I'm surprised when he unerringly turns down the street where I used to live, stopping just across from the tiny two-bedroom bungalow I called home for most of my childhood. I'm not sure I could have found it myself, and I don't know how he knew where it was. Never before has the saying you can't go home again rung so true for me. The house is the same, the street the same, the little park on the corner unchanged. And yet none of it feels like home. Because it's empty; the person I miss so much isn't here. He hasn't been here for fifteen years. I turn to Peeta. "Could we…" I start, but stumble, unable to say the word. "Do you want to go to the cemetery?" he asks so softly I can barely hear him over the pounding of my heart. But I nod. It's a little ways outside of town, past the industrial parks and tract housing, just on the edge of where farmland takes over. It takes 45 minutes and the assistance of a caretaker to find his grave, a small brass marker embedded in the ground, partially overgrown. I kneel in the grass, pulling up the weeds that obscure his name, and Peeta crouches beside me. It's only when he wraps an arm around me that I realize I'm crying, silent tears that slip down my face and patter in the grass where my father's body lies but where, clearly, his spirit is absent. There is nothing here but dirt and dandelions. Peeta's family home is at the opposite end of town from where I grew up, in an upscale development of stately family homes. Not quite McMansions, but not far off. After the cemetery, I was in no shape to meet his family, so we spent some time at a coffee shop, drinking tea and talking until my breathing was calm again and my eyes had lost that red puffiness. Despite joking that he'd be in trouble if his father found out he was frequenting the competition, Peeta didn't rush me at all. He calmed and soothed me in that way he always does. And then we climbed back into his car to head here. His father greets us at the door, flinging it open before we even reach the porch, as if he's been waiting for us. Watching the elder Mellark pull his son into a tight hug makes the melancholy I've been feeling since we started to