He met her on the first day of kindergarten. He was afraid, clinging to his father's leg. His two older brothers had spent the weeks leading up to the first day filling his head with tales of the awful, evil things that happened at school, how the teachers turned into monsters with lizard skin when the doors closed, how the room they called a 'gymnasium' was actually a battle arena where the children had to fight to the death. She was shy and reserved, standing with her father, holding his hand so tightly that her own tiny fingers were turning white, watching warily as the other five year olds ran through the room. Their fathers gravitated towards each other, the only two men in a sea of moms, the only two, it seemed, with children clinging to them instead of investigating the toy stations scattered around the bright classroom. Without anything more than a cursory greeting the two men seemed to understand each other's predicament. Graham Mellark crouched down to the children's' eye level, and Hunter Everdeen followed suit. He turned towards the little girl with two chestnut braids and smoky grey eyes. "Hi," he began softly. "My name is Graham, and this is my son Peeta. What's your name?" The little girl looked over at her father, who nodded encouragingly. "My name is Katniss," she said in a voice both soft and melodious. "Peeta," Graham said, smiling at his son. "Can you say hello to Katniss?" Peeta took his thumb out of his mouth and smiled widely at the little girl with the pretty braids. "Hi, wanna to be friends?" he asked, his normally gregarious personality shining through in spite of his fear. When she nodded he reached out and took her hand, forgetting for a moment that his was wet and wrinkled from his mouth. His mommy said only babies sucked their thumbs, and whenever she saw him with his thumb in his mouth she'd slap him. He tried so hard not to suck his thumb but when he was tired or frightened it helped him feel better, and mommy just didn't understand that. Katniss didn't seem to mind his drooled-on thumb though; she simply smiled and twined their fingers tightly together. He and Katniss were still hand in hand when their teacher, Miss Wiress, called them over to the carpet to begin. Peeta whispered to Katniss what his brothers had told him about the teacher turning into a monster, but Katniss was unconvinced. "I don't think she's a monster, Peeta," she said, "But if she is, I'll protect you, ok?" Peeta smiled and said, "We can protect each other." Peeta Mellark slowed to a walk and surveyed the city around him, loud and alive even at six in the morning. Dozens of other joggers were out enjoying a run in the perfect early September morning, which was only one of the reasons he was so happy to be back in the United States. As much as he'd enjoyed living and working abroad the previous two years, it was good to be home. Of course home was now a city he'd only lived in for a few weeks, a city a little more than 3 hours away from the quiet college town where he'd grown up. But Peeta was lucky, he already had friends here, friends who had taken him in and helped him line up a job. When Peeta graduated from college with a degree in graphic arts his portfolio, along with a minor in French, had attracted the attention of a large Parisian advertising agency that just happened to be looking for some American perspective for a campaign. One project had led to another and another and another, and before long he had won multiple awards for his work and established a comfortable life in Paris. Yet when the time came to renew his two year work visa Peeta knew he was ready to go home. Annie, his college roommate in Junior and Senior year, had moved to New York more than a year earlier, and she worked as an art historian for one of the major museums. Her Irish-born husband was a graphic designer, and he had been the one to let Peeta know about an opening at the advertising agency where he worked. They also rented Peeta a room in the rowhouse they shared in the lower west side. It was a good fit. Annie had been a lifeline for Peeta when his world fell apart at the end of their senior year and they shared a deep bond. Finnick was friendly and wild and had a soft spot for Peeta, who was the only one of Annie's friends to attend their wedding in Ireland two years previous. And though their living arrangement was only four weeks old they'd all fallen into a comfortable routine already; shared dinners, pub nights and easy conversation. They had long standing unofficial every Sunday playdate. The Everdeen house was four blocks from the Mellark bakery, over which the Mellark family lived. Every Sunday after lunch Hunter Everdeen would bring little Katniss to the park while baby Prim napped, and every Sunday after lunch Graham Mellark would bring his three boisterous sons to the park to run off some energy while their mother handled the typically quiet Sunday afternoon shift at the bakery. The older boys generally took off to play with other children, but Peeta and Katniss were always content to play together. Soccer and tag in the warm weather, sledding and snowball fights in the cold months, every Sunday for years. Even when the older Mellark boys started to get too big to play at the park with the little kids, Hunter and Katniss, with little Prim in tow, would walk to the bakery and collect Peeta, and their Sunday playdates continued, sometimes at the park, sometimes at the Everdeen house. In the Everdeen's home Peeta found a sense of comfort and belonging that he'd never experienced in his own house. The Everdeens smiled and laughed and were always kind to him. They never shouted at each other or at the children. And Katniss's mommy was completely different than Peeta's mommy. Katniss's mommy gave her hugs. Katniss's mommy never yelled at her. Katniss's mommy never hit her. Katniss adored her little sister and never minded playing with her, not like Peeta's big brothers who called him a baby, said he was too small to play with them. Peeta enjoyed playing with Prim too, she was nice and liked to colour with him, always sharing her crayons. But the best thing about the Everdeen house was the music. There was always music playing there, from the radio, from the CD player in the kitchen, from the giant old stereo in the living room, and best of all were the days when Mr. Everdeen would pull out his guitar and everyone would sing. The first time he heard Katniss singing, heard her sweet, clear voice rising above the chords of the guitar, he was a goner. The advertising agency where Peeta worked, Paylor and Heavensbee, was all open concept; only the biggest of the bigwigs had real offices with doors. The rest of the team, from interns right up to executives, sat at laptop docking stations with no walls and no privacy. It was supposed to foster a collaborative atmosphere, but in reality it meant that oftentimes the designers would undock their laptops and spend afternoons working at Starbucks, where there were fewer disruptions. From Peeta's station he had a clear view of Plutarch Heavensbee's door, so when Cato Anderson came storming out one afternoon he couldn't even pretend not to be staring at the scene as it unfolded. Everyone in the office was staring; there really wasn't anywhere else to look. "You're nuts if you think I'm working with that bitch again," Cato screamed over his shoulder, his face puce. The entire office was silent, but he barely spared anyone a glance before grabbing his laptop and marching out. Heavensbee's door remained open, and snippets of conversation floated out, too low to be understood. Gradually the regular hum of low office chatter picked up and Peeta returned to the website he was designing in support of an upcoming product launch, but he hadn't gotten far when Finnick emerged from Heavensbee's office and waved him over. Peeta wasn't sure what to expect when he walked into Heavensbee's office. Plutarch was wearing a smirk and speaking with another man. He gestured at Peeta to sit. "There's not much time for explanations I'm afraid," he addressed Peeta. "I'm sure you've heard that Mr. Anderson has, uh, declined to work on the project that Mr. Cinna here has contracted our office to assist in." Plutarch used his chin to indicate the other man in the room, who reached forward and shook Peeta's hand. Plutarch continued, "This is a major rebranding contract, and I need you to take Cato's place. Finnick says you're an expert in dealing with difficult clients." "They call 'im the crazy client whisperer," Finnick said flippantly, and Peeta smirked. It was true though, he had a reputation for being able to charm even the prickliest customers, if only because he would bend over backwards to make them happy. Heavensbee merely snorted, and mumbled something like pushover before offering Peeta the project, his first major commitment since joining the firm. Peeta indicated his interest and acceptance, and found himself rushed out of the building between Cinna and Finnick, heading for a cab to race to a meeting. The men tried to catch him up on the short ride while he looked through the design sheets Cinna had already thrown together. Cinna was the owner of a highly successful public relations firm, which was coordinating the rebranding of a small publishing company. It had recently been taken over, and the new CEO wanted a facelift for the brand, something elegant and upscale. Finnick and Peeta would be charged with remaking all of the print media, web design and electronic reading interfaces, along with designing new logos and slogans. Cinna would be working on presenting the company itself, and in particular its new young leader, in a fresh, elegant fashion, in the hopes of attracting more investment, or 'sponsors' as he jokingly referred to them. The company had been renamed Aber-Deen Publishers, but under their previous name, Victor's Publishing, they had a long relationship with Paylor and Heavensbee, which was why Cinna had come to them to subcontract the design portion of the project. Peeta had just opened his mouth to ask why Cato had quit the project right before the first meeting when the cab arrived at their destination. As they entered the office tower where the publishing house was located and punched twelve into the elevator Finnick confessed that Cato had worked with the new CEO a few months back and had branded her 'impossible'. Cinna only smirked at that description, saying instead that she was brilliant and fierce, and he was betting on her. The three men were ushered into a meeting room as soon as they arrived, and moments later a side door opened. Two men entered, followed closely by a woman who Peeta thought he might never see again. Katniss Everdeen. They buried Hunter Everdeen on the first truly warm day of spring. His death hit the small, tight-knit community hard because he was so young, and it was so unexpected. He came home early from work one day, complaining of a headache, laid down in his bed and never woke up. Peeta's father called it a 'stroke', said that Mr. Everdeen had a balloon in his head and it had popped. Peeta couldn't understand how anything as happy as a balloon could devastate his best friend's family so completely. Peeta's parents took him to the funeral; his brothers were old enough to stay home alone. Katniss and Prim stood stoically at the graveside, hand in hand,