"Damn, you're a lucky man, Peet," Thresh calls after me as I grab my jacket from the rack. "Enjoy your no pressure evening, man!" I grunt out a noncommittal noise and shove the back door open, trudging through the snow that still hasn't been shovelled out of our parking lot. Today is Valentine's day. It's the busiest single day at the bakery, though for me the really busy time is the few days leading up to it. Now, at four in the afternoon, my part is done. The selling and delivering of the treats I've created falls to my employees and I can go home to celebrate the day. Except that in my home, Valentine's day is no different than any other day. I'm not single, far from it. I live with the love of my life. My Katniss. We've been together since high school. She was my first everything. And she's beyond fantastic. She's smart and funny and passionate; she keeps me on my toes. I love her more and more every day. But while I'm a complete romantic, Katniss… well, Katniss just is not. The first time I brought her flowers, when we were only 17, she complained that killing plants for just a few days of enjoyment was senseless. Our very first date was a candlelit dinner in a cozy, dim restaurant, and while she enjoyed the food, she bemoaned the waste of money and the necessity to dress up. She's not cruel; she just genuinely doesn't see the point of romance. When she wants something she asks or she gets it for herself, no hinting, no trying to guess what she's thinking. Katniss doesn't do subtle. She's even more scornful of Valentine's day. "It's a Hallmark holiday, Peeta," she's told me over and over. "Just a way for companies to make money in the middle of the winter." I pressed her once, trying to sell her on the story of Saint Valentine. She'd wrinkled her pert little nose and pointed out that he was the patron saint of plagues. Point taken. My male friends and all of the guys I work with tell me repeatedly how lucky I am. They spend weeks planning perfect dates, looking for perfect gifts, bitching all the while about it. But they don't understand. I WANT to do those things. It's not that we don't ever do things together, things that might edge along the definition of romantic, however inadvertently. I bring her cheese buns from the bakery all of the time. We go out: pub nights, concerts, movies. We take amazing vacations together. Our sex life is incredible. But damn do I want to bring her flowers or chocolates and have her blush and kiss me senseless. I want to get dressed up, show her off someplace fancy, watch her silver eyes shine by candlelight. I want to dance on the beach at sunset. I want to kneel in front of her with the ring that's been hidden in my drawer for more than two years. But Katniss doesn't want those things. So Valentine's day in the Everdeen/Mellark house is just another day. And since today is Friday, it's homemade pizza day. My house is in darkness when I get home, but that's not unusual. I'm at the bakery I own before dawn most days and home by mid-afternoon. Katniss, on the other hand, is an engineer with the city; she's never home before six. Distracted thinking about whether to make a tomato sauce or use the pesto I froze last fall, I don't notice it at first. My house isn't actually dark. There are candles flickering on the little table in my front hall. I shuck my boots, tossing my jacket in the closet without even looking, and move farther into the house. Here, too, candles shimmer: on the coffee table, on the mantel, even on the bookcase. A fire crackles in our rarely-used fireplace. "Katniss?" I call out into the silence. She must be home; candles don't spontaneously light themselves. Or buy themselves, come to think of it. I didn't think we had anything other than emergency candles. And there are flowers everywhere. Not cut flowers, but pots of sunny daffodils and fragrant hydrangea. It's really beautiful. I pick up one of the pots and bury my nose in the blueish blooms, sweet and heady, as I try to figure out what could possibly be going on. Maybe Prim snuck in, she's always been bewildered by her big sister's refusal to participate in the sentimental parts of dating and courtship. But she'd have warned me first, I'm sure of that. And she wouldn't just leave all of these candles lit, ready to burn down my house. The hydrangea balanced on my hip, I thumb through my phone, intent on texting Prim, maybe our friend Finnick too. He might know what's going on. But the sound of a clearing throat instead grabs my attention. And I drop the plant. Katniss, my best friend, my partner, the woman I've loved since I was old enough to know what that meant, is standing in the entrance to the living room. And she's wearing a dress. Or most of a dress anyway; it's red, and it plunges low in the front, highlighting her perfect breasts. The hem barely reaches the tops of her thighs; her long, lean legs displayed for my unblinking eyes. I haven't seen Katniss in a dress since our senior prom. She swore to me that night that it would be the last time I ever did. As I continue shamelessly raking my eyes down her form I realize that she's wearing high heels too. I didn't even know Katniss owned high heels, and certainly not sexy, strappy ones like this. There's a war in my brain, half trying to figure out what's going on, half leering at the wet dream come true standing in front of me. The twitching in my pants suggests the leering part is winning out. But as I continue to gape wordlessly, her kohl-lined eyes reflect uncertainty, vulnerability. She looks so nervous. It nearly breaks me. "What's going on, Katniss?" I breathe. "Uhm," she starts, fiddling with the hem of her dress again. My hands ache to still hers. "Well, it's Valentine's day," she says. I step over the pot, which hasn't broken but has made quite the mess of our area rug, and rush to pull her into my arms. She's trembling. I bury my face in her hair, she's wearing it loose, the way I love it, and it's faintly perfumed. "So," she continues, pushing back to look me in the eyes, taller than usual in those sexy shoes. "I thought we could have a date. A romantic evening or whatever." She's scowling faintly, and I can't help but laugh. She huffs, stepping back and crossing her arms. "I knew this was a stupid idea." "No," I say quickly, reaching for her again. "No this is… you're incredible. I'm just surprised, that's all." She relaxes, wrapping her arms around my waist and resting her head on my chest. "Okay," she whispers, and for a few minutes I just hold her in pleased, if bewildered, silence. Finally she pulls back, smirking. "Enough distracting me, Mellark." And she takes me by the hand, leading me into the formal dining room. We never use this space, it's just the two of us, so we usually eat in the kitchen. But tonight she's transformed it. Like the living room, it's alight with candles, and there are more flowers. The table itself is set with my grandmother's china, which my dad gave to us when we bought the house. It's never been out of the cabinet before today. "What's all this?" I ask, and she rolls her eyes. "I told you, we're having a romantic evening. Now sit down." I have to bite my lip hard to keep from snickering, but she doesn't notice, turning instead for the kitchen. I can hear the delicate click-click-click of those outrageously hot heels on the tile floor of our kitchen as she moves around, the rhythmic tapping a counterpoint to the hammering of my heart. I have no idea what's going on, but I'm beyond excited to find out. Katniss has never done anything like this before. It isn't very long before she returns with a pair of flutes and a bottle of champagne, which she hands to me to open. "Are you cooking dinner?" I ask as the cork eases out of the bottle with a sigh. She snorts. "I love you too much to subject you to my cooking, Peeta." She rolls her eyes, but she's smiling. It's true Katniss isn't much of a cook. She can make boxed noodles, but not much else. I do the majority of the meal preparation in our house. "I did make the salad though," she winks. I chuckle in response and pour two glasses of the golden fluid, smiling at the bubbles that stream to the surface. I can't remember the last time we had champagne. Delly's wedding reception maybe? That was more than two years ago now. She reaches for a glass, but I slide it down the table, forcing her to come closer. I grab her hand, and with a little tug she's in my lap. "Hi," she whispers, her cheeks growing pink as my fingers dance across her bare thighs. "You're so pretty," I sigh. She leans in and kisses me so softly it's like a dream. I almost ask her if she's real. "You're distracting me again," she murmurs, stroking my cheek as she does. I could not care less; holding her here in the candlelight while she wears that smoking hot dress, it's already the best Valentine's day ever. She leans over to pick up our two glasses, handing one to me with a soft smile. The wine that bubbles up my nose is nowhere near as intoxicating as the silver-eyed woman before me. A decade of dating, and she's still an enigma. She sips her champagne, never breaking eye contact. I'm under her spell. "Are you hungry, Peeta?" she whispers, her bottom lip glistening with champagne. I suckle it away, eyes open the whole time, locked on hers. Her breathing speeds up as I do. "Peeta," she sighs. Fuck supper. I take her glass away quickly enough to startle her, then wrap her in my arms. Her lips are soft and pliant, yielding to mine immediately. She's so responsive. Katniss might struggle with words but her actions are always clear. She's always shown me that she wants me, that she loves me. But she pulls back too soon, climbing off my lap. "Let me get our food," she says, flushed and flustered, but still determined. I can see that it's important to her, so I ignore my already raging erection and smile. The smile widens at the sight of dandelion greens, goat cheese and strawberries, topped with toasted pecans. My favourite. We sit side-by-side, feeding each other and chatting. Flickering candlelight caresses her cheekbones, kisses her lips. When she stands to clear our dishes I try to help, but she shoves me back into my chair. "Wait right here," she entreats, with an exasperated little laugh. So I do. I smell it almost right away, but my brain refuses to believe it. The mischievous smile she flashes as she returns with a bowl convinces me though. Lamb stew. Not just any lamb stew. The lamb stew we ordered on our very first date, at Sae's, all those years ago. A coy smile plays on her lips. "You remember?" "Yes," I breathe, my throat a little tight. "You… you went to Sae's?" She nods. "Just for me?" It's barely a whisper. It's hands down the sweetest thing she's ever done. Katniss doesn't buy into nostalgia much, but the flowers, the candles and the lamb stew, it's like she's recreating our first date. "For us," she says.