This was written for otrascosasseries on Tumblr, she's so supportive and so quick to dole out compliments and make stunning banners for the fandom. This wee bit of fluffy smutty canon Everlark is a very tiny thanks to her! I can't take my eyes off her, can barely even blink. She's on her hands and knees, rocking back and forth and moaning, a long stream of primal sounds fall from her pursed pink lips, punctuated by grunts and curses. My hands shake and I'm breathing hard, sweating profusely, but I notice that somehow her hair stays perfectly coiled on top of her head. When the desperate keening begins I know Katniss won't last much longer. We've been at this nearly 10 minutes already, I don't think she's ever held out so long before. A moment later I'm proven right. "Dammit, Peeta," she groans, pushing herself up awkwardly, "I can't take anymore of this." She stomps away and I blow out a forceful breath, wiping my damp palms on my trousers and reaching for the remote to pause the action onscreen. The shrieking cuts off abruptly and the image freezes on the face of a painted Capitol woman, mouth wide in a now silent scream. I take a few moments to calm my breathing and clear my head before following her. She's at the kitchen sink, hands braced against the counter, staring out the window over the dark yard. Tension radiates from her in waves. I move behind her and wrap my arms around her. She leans into me, rubbing her head against my shoulder like a cat. She's not angry, that's a good sign. I press a kiss to her temple and murmur into her hair. "I'm sorry, Katniss." "You don't need the videos, Peeta," she says, and I nod. It's the same argument we've had every week since Dr. Aurelius started sending them. "They're not even realistic," she huffs and I sigh. "They're the best I can do," I counter. "I can't risk losing myself when it happens." Though I haven't had a violent episode since the end of the war I do still occasionally have flashbacks, a lingering side effect of the highjacking I suffered at the hands of President Snow's scientists in the Capitol. Stress and exhaustion make them harder to fight off, and I know this is going to be one of the most stressful occasions of my life, despite how excited I am. "Oh, Peeta," she sighs and the frustration is clear in her voice. "That won't happen, you're going to be amazing." She turns in my arms then and I have to take a half step backwards to make room for her belly. It's taken five, ten, fifteen years to get here. When we first returned to District 12 after the war we were both so broken, all of our efforts went into healing: ourselves and, eventually, each other. But as the years passed, and as Panem thrived in peace, the idea of bringing a child into the world started to seem a little less scary. We watched our friends' children grow and bloom, saw the joy those little people brought to their families. I started contemplating the idea of a child of our own a few years ago, but I never pushed Katniss. I knew she'd be an amazing mother, anyone who'd ever seen her with Prim would have known that, but I've also seen her with the kids in the district. She's quick to sneak them a cookie when she's at the bakery, even quicker to teach them about the wildflowers that fill their meadow playground. But I knew she had to come to that realization herself. When she finally told me she was ready it was one of the greatest moments of my life, only behind our toasting... and of course the day she told me we were finally expecting. The pregnancy hasn't been easy on either of us. Katniss has nightmares, she's had nightmares since the Games, even before that, and they've never completely gone away, but for a long time they were better. Over the past few months however they've come back with a vengeance. And for me, a new addition to the terrors I see when I sleep is a horrible recurring nightmare of attacking Katniss as she's giving birth, killing her as our baby slips into the world, still and silent. Those are the mornings I can't even look at Katniss, for fear she'll be able to see what my dream-self has done. See the evil that lurks, still, in my mind. Dr Aurelius is semi-retired these days, but he's the first person I called after the new nightmares began. A few years ago we transitioned my care to another doctor, Dr Aubry, but since he and I usually spend our once monthly calls talking about sports I figured it'd be better for my mental stability to seek Dr Aurelius's help again. Dr Aurelius actually agrees with my wife that I'm overreacting, that once the time comes I'll be just fine, but I refuse to leave anything to chance. So we've been working on an immersion therapy of sorts - each week he sends me a tape of the latest episode of A Capitol Baby Story . The idea being that if I watch childbirth over and over I'll become desensitized to it, to the hospital beds and screaming and blood that are often triggers. I'm not sure how well it's working. Oh I haven't dissociated watching any of the tapes, haven't even had to fight off a flashback. The videos are graphic, and they make me pretty queasy, but I'm able to stay in the moment. Katniss, on the other hand, hates them. I desperately want her by my side while I watch but she barely makes it through the opening credits before she's running away. Okay, running might be a stretch. At 34 weeks pregnant she doesn't run anymore. Or climb trees. Or hunt. I'm glad that's not something we had to fight about, instead the midwife was the one who told Katniss a couple of months ago that she was going to need to retire that for awhile. That went over about as well as you might imagine. But to her credit she listened. Katniss sighs and rests her cheek against my chest as I hold her. "It won't be like in the videos, Peeta. We'll be here, in our home, just you and me and Milena." Milena is the midwife, a really wonderful woman who came to Twelve years ago, from Seven I think. She has been so good at soothing Katniss through this whole process. "Thom too," I remind her. That's another part of my plan to ensure her safety. Thom, who over the past 15 years has become one of my closest friends, will be here. If anything happens, if I snap or lose myself, he's promised to incapacitate me. I feel her nod against my chest. It's nearly the time we usually turn in, I have a full complement of staff at the bakery but I still like to open. Baking in the predawn is practically in my blood. So we usually are in bed early. I lead Katniss up to our room, stopping only to switch off the television. Seeing that face on the screen staring at me in the early morning hours would probably end poorly. I head right for the shower, and am in and out quickly, but when I walk back into our bedroom with a towel slung around my hips Katniss isn't in bed. She's standing in front of the full length mirror by our closet. She's wearing the short silk robe I gave her for her birthday last year and a pair of panties. The robe is open, framing her breasts and the swell of her belly where our child rests. She's the most gorgeous thing I've ever seen. I've always thought Katniss is beautiful; she has an elegance and a luminosity that attracts people. But pregnant she is just so incredibly sexy. She's gained about 20 pounds so far, and while the majority of it is in the enormous bump of her stomach, the rest of her body has filled out a little too. Her hips are curvier, her thighs and ass rounder, and her breasts... as if I wasn't already completely hard. She sees me in the mirror and turns to face me, the glint of mischief in those mercury eyes is unmistakable. Pregnancy hormones have made her tired and moody and sick in turn, but for the past 2 months those same hormones have made her insatiable. I'm not complaining. I release my grip on the towel, which slips to pool around my feet, and scoop Katniss up in my arms, bridal style. Though it's only a dozen steps to the bed I have to stop twice; the feeling of her nearly naked body pressed against mine, her lips and tongue painting sonnets onto my throat, I can barely control myself. I set her on the edge of the bed and get rid of those panties, then bury my face between her thighs. She tastes phenomenal. She's already so wet, swollen and almost sticky, and her keening as I torment her clit with my tongue and teeth is like music, so much different than the noises in those stupid Capitol videos. Katniss is real. She comes with a shout even before I have a chance to press my fingers into her waiting heat, but I keep stroking her with my tongue as she comes down from her high, lapping up her sweet tangy arousal. Only when she practically melts into the mattress do I slide up to join her, shifting us to lie side by side, spooned as if for sleep. But we're not going to sleep just yet. I pull her leg up over my hip as she wiggles her bare ass against my throbbing cock then finally, finally I slide into her. She's so hot and tight, and in this position she clamps around me like a vise. I'm not going to last. I try to go slowly but she just feels so good. My pace quickens and grows erratic far too soon. The arm wrapped around her drifts lower, to tease her swollen clit, and after only a few passes she shatters. The feeling of her pulsing around me sends me over the brink and I grunt and curse as I empty myself into her. She's asleep before I can even pull the sheets over us. I've given up on the videos entirely, Dr Aurelius sent me picture books on the last train. They're not much better, but at least Katniss will look at them, though the nudity bothers her. 33 years old and still there's a purity to Katniss that's a unique contrast to the fierce huntress she shows the rest of the world. She's 37 weeks pregnant now, and so completely done with the whole experience. Her back hurts, her ankles are swollen, she can't get comfortable enough to sleep longer than an hour or two at a time, and even that rest is plagued by nightmares. She's sick of being pregnant but terrified of giving birth. I can't help feeling that the videos and picture books are feeding her fear. Katniss alternates between snapping at me and then apologizing almost tearfully. I hate her misery. I hate feeling like it's my fault. I hate that I can't make it better for her. I bake her cheese buns and rub her sore feet. I tell her I love her every chance I get. But I can't take her place. And we still have three weeks left. Or longer, if the books are to be believed. When we read that most first time pregnancies go a week or two overdue she hid in our closet for over an hour. I too am looking forward to the pregnancy