This was my third entry in The Everlark Games on Tumblr. I chose to look at some of what happened to Peeta in Mockingjay, during his time in the Capitol, after the Quell. As such, there are pieces of dialogue lifted verbatim from the book. Obviously, those words do not belong to me and are used here only to provide context and cohesion. This piece contains canonical violence of a graphic nature, including torture, and may be disturbing to some. "I'll see you at midnight." I can still taste her last kiss when I come to, lying flat on my back, in a windowless, doorless room. The ceiling glows a soft, soothing yellow. It's a room I remember, from the last Games. Or rather, from after. The room where they put me back together and polished me up, made me fit to be seen. On the outside anyway. There are restraining bands on both arms and around my waist. These, too, I remember. I struggle against them anyway. But of course they're watching, and immediately something cold snakes through the tubes in my arm. Blackness envelops me. When I open my eyes again nothing in the room has changed. But inside my head, everything is different. Because when I open my eyes again it's to the realization that if I'm in this room it means I've won the Games. I am the victor. And if I'm the victor, then Katniss is… This time I pass out without any help from the tubes. I've lost track of how long I've been in this room. No one has entered, not while I've been awake at least, though it seems like they keep me sedated most of the time. My body is fed, healed, and polished, completely against my will. But my spirit is crushed. I failed, utterly and completely. Katniss is gone, my girl on fire, the only girl I've ever loved. Silent tears slip down my face, pooling in my ears. I don't want to cry in front of them, don't want to give them the satisfaction of knowing that they've destroyed me. But I can't hold it in. I went into the quell expecting to die, hoping to die really, as long as my death meant she would live. I resigned myself long ago to loving her from afar. But she was my whole world. I can't go on, knowing she's gone. I won't. But when I fight the restraints this time there's no cold blackness. I struggle and swear and howl in outrage until I'm completely spent, gasping and shaking. And still nothing happens. Each time I regain a little bit of breath I start again, fighting and screaming until I've nothing left. I'm in that gauzy world between sleep and wakefulness, thinking about Katniss. Remembering when she kissed me on the beach. The way she clung to me, her small, strong archer's fingers digging into my shoulders. The tiny sighs. Everything about those kisses was real, I have no doubt about that. For those few, perfect moments she was mine, completely. There were no Games, no cameras. No Capitol. Though it's senseless to indulge in what might have been, I can't help imagining. Without the Quell, we would have had time to grow together. It'd already started. Before the announcement, she was opening up to me, trusting me. Looking at me differently. Then the reading of the card destroyed my dreams for the future. But even though I spent months pushing her away, trying to prepare her to win the games again, alone this time, and come home to her family, the connection between us was still there. Simmering. I tried, with the locket, to make her understand. That her life could be good. With her family, with a future of her own choosing, not a marriage she'd been forced into. But she looked at me with molten eyes and told me she needed me. Me. A delicate click-click-click shatters my reverie. I open my eyes to a familiar face hovering over me. Rasmussen, one of the members of my prep team. His nose, surgically enhanced to look like a bird's beak, wrinkles as he takes in my appearance. He tsks under his breath. "This just won't do," he intones, the blue crest of his hair shaking. "Won't do at all." He toys with a panel, out of my reach. The head of my bed raises, bringing me with it, until I'm sitting mostly upright. I take a deep breath to begin screaming again, but Rasmussen leans in close, whispering in my ear. "She's alive." The words stun me silent. She? The only 'she' I care about is Katniss. Is it even possible? Could they have let us both live a second time? Seems unlikely, but I release the breath I was holding and watch him warily. "I need to get you ready, Peeta," Rasmussen says loudly, and it's his voice, but with an odd inflection. A strain. "I'm going to undo your restraints. Will you stay calm?" His expression is pleading, and despite the thick makeup that coats his face I can see a line of sweat forming on his lip. There's a hollowness to his eyes that wasn't there before too. Tearing my gaze away, I notice two peacekeepers flanking what must be the door. Both heavily armed. I nod. My arms are released, but not the thick band around my waist. Rasmussen flits around me silently, trimming my hair, shaping my sideburns and eyebrows, polishing my fingernails until they gleam. I haven't been here long enough for the stuff they used on my beard to have worn off, so he doesn't bother shaving me. Another man appears, as if out of nowhere, ghostlike. He looks like a Capitol rendering of a bookkeeper, dressed in what passes for a sedate suit here. "Mr. Mellark," he trills, the 'r' rolling in his ridiculous accent. I don't acknowledge him. He's unperturbed. "Can you tell me what you remember about the end of the Quarter Quell?" I stare at my lap, pick at the thin sheet covering me. The man exhales loudly. "Mr. Mellark," he says again. "It would be most beneficial if you would cooperate." Oh I bet it would, but I'm not interested. I glance up at him, affecting a look of utter boredom. "Let me refresh your memory," he says. The room is filled with Katniss's screams. I struggle against my restraints, kicking and calling for her in a blind panic. Her raw anguish tears me apart, leaves me unable to think, to do anything but wail. "Stop!" I yell. In my terror, I promise to do anything if they'll stop hurting her. The screams drop in volume but don't stop, and I realize it's a recording. One of the white walls has come alive; displayed on it larger than life is my Katniss, kneeling in what I immediately recognize is the jungle arena. Her hands are clamped over her ears, her eyes screwed tightly shut. The jabberjays. I calm, somewhat, at the realization that I'm watching the past. She's not being tortured, at least not live in front of me. He forwards the tape to the end of the Games. Things I didn't see. Johanna turning on Katniss, smashing her skull with the damned coil of wire. Watching Katniss crumple to the jungle floor. Johanna brandishing her knife, slicing deeply into Katniss's forearm, blood spurting, staining the green jungle in glossy red. I hear a keening wail, and only barely register that it's me. I sob, uncaring of what the Capitol fiend thinks. My Katniss, dead on the screen. Rasmussen must have meant someone else was alive. My hopes raised for nothing, she's dead. She's dead and I'm not. There's running and screaming, I'm dimly aware of it, but I don't really register anything else that happens onscreen until she opens her eyes. The picture is too dark to see their soft silver glow, but my traitorous heart leaps. And then she whimpers my name. I've been alone with my thoughts for perhaps an hour when the door opens again. Portia appears, flanked by two more peacekeepers. I truly like Portia, she's never treated me like an exhibit, always been so calm and kind, big-sisterly. But it's clear the new guards are not for me. They're keeping an eye on her. My unease increases. She catches my eyes, and there's a clear warning. Stay quiet. So I do. Evidently she knows about the rebel plot the Capitol man explained to me, after he showed me videos of Katniss, alive. Alive, but obviously disoriented and badly injured, blowing up the arena and being lifted out by hovercraft. Rescued by a hovercraft that didn't belong to the Capitol. A rescue that, clearly, was never meant to include me. Polished and coiffed, I'm cooling my heels in a guest room of some sort. Typical of what I've seen of the Capitol, it's opulent and gaudy, a bed big enough for four people, a couch, chairs and desk, and a private bath. But I'm strongly aware that I'm no guest. The doors are bolted and the windows don't open. It's posh, but it's a prison. Portia didn't, maybe couldn't, tell me anything. She merely dressed me in an all-white suit, crisp and stiff, and patted my cheek before leaving. Then I was led here by an entire contingent of silent peacekeepers. I've been alone ever since. I found a deck of cards in the desk drawer, and for awhile I entertained myself building card houses. But it's been hours, I can't sit still any longer. So I pace, a caged animal. When another Capitolite finally enters, it's to advise me of the message I'm to deliver. Call for a ceasefire. Make the rebels understand: Panem will not survive another war. If I succeed, they'll let Katniss live. Caesar settles himself more comfortably in his chair. "So…Peeta. Welcome back." I offer him a tentative smile. "I bet you thought you'd done your last interview with me, Caesar." "I confess, I did," says Caesar. "The night before the Quarter Quell…well, who ever thought we'd see you again ?" "It wasn't part of my plan, that's for sure," I frown. "I think it was clear to all of us what your plan was. To sacrifice yourself in the arena so that Katniss Everdeen and your child could survive." My child. I can see in Caesar's expression that he still believes my earlier lie. Good. That will work in my favour. "That's it. Clear and simple." I keep my eyes down, focus on my breathing. Trace the upholstered pattern on the arm of my chair. "But other people had plans as well." "Why don't you tell us about that last night in the arena?" suggests Caesar. "Help us sort a few things out." I nod but take my time speaking, aware of just how cautious I have to be here. "That night… to tell you about that last night… well, first of all, you have to imagine how it felt in the arena. It was like being an insect trapped under a bowl filled with steaming air. And all around you, jungle…green and alive and ticking. That giant clock ticking away your life. Every hour promising some new horror. You have to imagine that in the past two days, sixteen people have died, some of them defending you. At the rate things are going, the last eight will be dead by morning. Save one. The victor. And your plan is that it won't be you." A quick glance at the Capitol cameramen shows my words are having their intended effect. They're all slack-jawed, rapt in my misery. "Once you're in the arena," I continue, in the same low, controlled tone. "The rest of the world becomes very distant. All the people and things you loved or cared about almost cease to exist. The pink sky and the monsters in the jungle and the