This was written for The Everlark Games on Tumblr, and is very loosely based on the Canadian novel Crabbe . It's only for a year. I've been reminding myself of that over and over and over since he left. Only for a year. "Peeta!" My mother's shrill screech fills the bakery, and something flies past my head, hitting the wall beside me, making me jump. "Get your lazy ass out front and help your father!" I sigh. Two wedding cakes need to be done by Friday night and I'm already so far behind. That's supposed to be why she's here today, to work the front with my dad so that I can concentrate on the cakes. "I said now!" Her hand sails through the air and I have only a fraction of a second to decide whether to dodge it, and potentially upturn all of the frosting roses I've been piping, or just let her hit me. Again. I'm eighteen now. Rationally, I know I could stop her. But I never do. My father looks apologetic when I join him behind the counter, but he steadfastly ignores what must be an obvious handprint on my face. So do the customers. It's a small town, there are no secrets here. No one ever wants to challenge the status quo. It wasn't supposed to be this way. I should be in the Capitol. At college, starting my life. Instead, college has been deferred and I'm still here, in poky little Panem. Baking bread and decorating cakes in abject misery. All thanks to my brother. My perfect older brother, the apple of my parents' eyes. The one who should be here now, running our family bakery with my father. The one who is, instead, in Paris. For a year. So instead of heading off to college with my friends I got stuck covering for Graham while he enjoys the freedom that should be mine. My mother was adamant: I owed it to them to stay, with Graham travelling they couldn't spare me. If I didn't stay I could kiss any help with tuition goodbye. I stayed. Even though it's nearly 2 am when I get home after finishing the last wedding cake, the lights are on in my house. My parents are crowded around the laptop, skyping with Graham. Selfish prick has no concept of time zones. He talks when it's convenient for him and to hell with the rest of us. I try to head directly for my room, but I can't avoid hearing a snippet of the conversation. And the bottom drops out of my world. Graham, stupid perfect Graham, is boasting to my parents about how he's accepted a contract extension, to spend another year in Paris. Another. Fucking. Year. My father glances up at me and I can see the answer in his eyes. My one year college deferral has just become two. Or more, maybe. Hopelessness, as black as the sky, envelops me. The plan is a simple one. Our old camping stuff is buried deep in the attic, behind stacks of Christmas decorations and who knows what else. I'm probably the only one who still remembers it exists. When Graham was a Boy Scout my parents invested in top-of-the-line gear. My father even took us boys out camping and canoeing a couple of times, until Graham got bored and moved onto something else. It's been in storage since. The canoe, too, is in the rafters of the garage, untouched, unnoticed. Over the course of a couple of weeks I sneak the gear, piece by piece, out of the attic. I also take as many canned goods and boxes of soup and noodles as I can without my mother noticing, stashing them in the trunk of my third-hand Civic. The perfect opportunity presents itself a few days before I'm ready, but I have to seize it. "Don't have any of your stupid friends over while we're out," Mother yells, hand on the front door knob. "I always know!" She forgets that I'm not the one who threw parties in their absence. That was perfect Graham, though I'm the one who was punished for them. And all of my friends are away at college anyway. I'm the only one left behind. I wait an hour after they leave. An hour where every crack and creak in our old house makes me jump, makes me think that they've come back early. Tying the canoe to the roof of my car is a lot harder than I anticipated, harder still to drape tarps in the rafters so no one will notice it's missing. At just past midnight I take a last look around the house I grew up in. I thought when eventually the time came, I'd feel melancholy. But I don't. I don't feel anything at all. I leave my phone on my bedside table, even rumple the sheets a little, for appearance sake. And then I leave. Four hours down the highway, followed by five hours down an old logging road. It's too early in the spring for campers, but there could be hunters around. I can't chance being discovered. So I drive the Civic into the woods and sit quietly, pouring over maps I bought where no one would recognise me. At nightfall, I drag down the canoe before spending a couple of hours carefully camouflaging the car. It's midnight again when I set out. I couldn't fit everything in one pack so I have two, one on my back, one on my chest. It's obscenely heavy. The canoe, too, is far heavier than I remember. I drop it five or six times before managing to get it balanced over my head, by which time I'm exhausted and dripping in sweat despite the evening's chill. It's hard to follow the compass in the dark and I get disoriented repeatedly. Trees pop up out of nowhere, threatening to knock the canoe off my head. It feels like I've walked a hundred miles when I finally hear the sound of rushing water, though it should only have been two. There's no way I can paddle down the river this exhausted. I set the canoe on the ground, crawl under it, and am asleep in moments. I awaken not to the sun, but to a scratching noise near my head. When I pry my eyes open a raccoon is nosing through my pack; pouches of dried soup mix are ripped open and scattered across the forest floor. Stupid, stupid Peeta , I berate myself, of course this would happen! What kind of idiot doesn't secure their food supply before falling asleep? I clean up the mess as best I can, unwilling to leave any sort of trail someone could use to find me, and throw what's left of the packs into the canoe. Which is when I realize I have only one paddle. I can't remember if I had two when I left the car, or if I lost one somewhere along the road. It doesn't matter; the sun is cresting the horizon, I have to get on the water before I'm seen. My mother's laughter fills my ears as I tip the canoe once, twice, three times. Everything I own is soaking wet and there's an inch of water in the bottom of the boat by the time I'm floating away from shore. The river is wide and calm. The gentle current directs me and I mostly use the paddle to crudely steer. When the sun is inching again towards the horizon and I can no longer ignore the growling of my stomach, I stop. And again get completely drenched trying to get the damned canoe to shore and myself to land. But it's a small price to pay for independence. The tent goes up without complaint and I almost wish Mother was here, so I could show her that I'm good for something. But my pride is short-lived. Digging through my pack I discover that despite hauling 30 pounds of canned goods out into the bush I have somehow neglected to pack a can opener. A rock and brute rage make an acceptable substitute. I'm too exhausted to light a fire, instead I huddle in the tent, eating mushroom soup glop straight out of the can with my fingers, and fall asleep without even unrolling my wet sleeping bag. Two days follow in much the same fashion. I become more confident with the canoe, though I tip it at least once every day. The river I've been following opens into a beautiful lake, all ripples and shimmering reflections, and I'm feeling good, smug even. Only loons have yelled at me since I left. Oh I still collapse each evening as soon as I have the tent pitched, and I haven't been warm or dry in forever, but I'm doing it. I'm making it. My placid lake empties into another river, the current so much faster than the lazy stream of days ago. It's exhilarating; the speed I'm travelling, the distance I'm covering, the spray that coats my face and makes me feel alive. But more and more rocks jut out from the river, jagged teeth that try to bite away my paddle as I ineptly steer. Faster and faster the torrent propels me, every bit of my concentration goes to keeping my boat upright and avoiding the rocks that loom ever larger, ever closer. The water roars all around; before I even realize what's happening, the canoe disappears from underneath me. I'm suspended, weightless, for one brief, sickening moment before plunging over the falls. Cold like nothing I've ever experienced envelopes me. Cold so intense it steals the blood from my brain and the breath from my lungs. I should be terrified, screaming, struggling, praying. But all I can register is cold… and then blackness. A pair of silver-grey eyes emerge from a mist that matches them exactly, peering cautiously at me. Gradually, a face materializes around those eyes, a young woman's face. Clearly I'm dead, and somehow, in spite of everything, I've ended up in heaven. The idea cheers me a little - until I shift to get a better look at the angel and white-hot pain shoots through my arm. "Be still," she says. Her voice is deep, husky almost, completely at odds with her dainty features. She presses a cup against my parched lips. Water runs in rivulets over my chin but some manages to get into my mouth and I swallow greedily. I only manage a couple of sips before exhaustion overtakes me. The next time I open my eyes she's shaking me awake. "We have to get some food into you." I feel like I've been asleep a long time, heavy-headed and disoriented. She grips my shoulders, helping me sit up. I'm as weak as a kitten, unable to assist in any way. My head spins for a few moments; she holds me steady until I can manage to slump on my own. I blink slowly against the light, my eyes gritty and bleary. "Here," she says, pushing a tin cup into my hands. "Drink this." It's warm, almost too warm against my hands, but it feels like it's restoring me from the inside as it slips down my throat. Broth, unfamiliar tasting but the best thing I've ever had. "You're still cold," she murmurs, and it's not a question. It's only as she's wrapping a scratchy blanket around my shoulders that I realize I'm naked except for my shorts, my arm bound in a reddened rag, hunched in an unfamiliar sleeping bag. In an unfamiliar tent. "What-" I try to say, but my voice is as insubstantial as the breeze. "Shhh," she says. "Not yet. Drink, then rest. We can talk later." She guides the cup back to my mouth. I manage to drink most of it, with her coaxing, before she helps me lie back down. I'm asleep before she even pulls