It's not completely unexpected, but it's still a shock to see it. Thick, expensive card stock, pale pink with roses and their names embossed in gold. Madge Undersee and Gale Hawthorne, along with their families, request the honour of your presence at their wedding… I'm happy for them, I truly am. I'm just still kind of shocked that after nine years together, it took Gale less than three months to marry my replacement. It's not like I thought Gale and I would ever marry each other, even if our friends all expected it. And our breakup was completely mutual. But that he moved on so fast is kind of a slap. "You should go on vacation," Prim says when I phone to tell her the news. "That way, you can skip the wedding without looking like a jerk." Trust Prim to cut right to it. Because she's right; even though Gale is my oldest friend, I'd rather rip out my intestines with a fork than watch him marry the woman of his dreams while all of our mutual friends look at me with pity. "I can't go sit on a beach somewhere by myself," I groan. "That's even more loser-ish than going to my ex's wedding stag." But the wheels are turning. I do need to get away, and not just from the wedding. I could use a break from my entire pathetic life. "Maybe I could go see Effie?" I mumble. My late mother grew up in Ireland, she moved to America before I was born to marry my father. Her sister still lives near Dublin, and is always asking me to come see her. It's been a long time since my last visit. A fabulous deal on the flight seals it. Since I'm a freelancer, there's no one to arrange vacation time with. I can work from anywhere that there's an internet connection. My neighbour agrees to check my mailbox periodically, and my friends all understand. o-o-o I arrange to stay six weeks with Effie. The first week passes in a haze of jetlag, lumpy pillows, and daily afternoon tea on her garden-gnome-and-flower-strewn patio. It's calm, quiet. Since I'll be gone over my birthday, Prim insists on paying for a week-long bus tour of the Scottish Highlands for me, both as a birthday gift, and as a break from my aunt. "Better not be one of those singles tours," I grumble as she details everything over Skype while I sit in Effie's formal living room, surrounded by creepy porcelain dolls, a pair of lace doilies protecting her mahogany table from my computer. Prim's in med school in Seattle, I haven't seen her since Christmas, and I think she feels guilty about not having been there for me - in person - when Gale and I broke up, no matter how many times I tell her that I'm fine about it. But since Effie is already driving me crazy, I don't put up much of a fight. "Do those exist?" she asks, and on my shitty laptop screen she looks pensive. I can tell she's wishing she'd thought of looking for one. " Wild and Sexy Tours . Huh. I wonder if I can change it…" She starts clicking away on her keyboard and I balk. "No, geez Prim, this is fine, great really." The website she's linked me to shows small tour buses, catering mostly to elderly vacationers. Just my speed. "Have you met anyone over there yet?" "Sure, Effie's friend with the strange beard came by for cocktails yesterday." Prim's face screws up. "That's not what I mean, Katniss. Have you been out to the pubs at all? Or gone to a rugby match?" At my shrug, she groans. "Dammit, you're too young to be spending your time holed up with Effie's antiques. You need to get out there, meet people, date." "I'm not really ready for that," I tell her, and I can see by the way her expression changes to pity that she thinks I'm still hung up on Gale. I don't bother correcting her. Gale and I should never have been more than friends, we both knew it, but being together was easy, like a comfortable pair of jeans. I'm not in love with him, I really never was. But I'm not anxious to put myself out there just yet. Or maybe ever. Because Gale's the only guy I've ever been with. At not-quite twenty-seven, I have no experience dating at all. "Just promise me you'll talk to some of your tour mates at least," she says sadly. And I promise, because I can never tell my sweet sister no. o-o-o Edinburgh is a confusing mess of streets and hills and hilly streets and more freaking hills, and by the time I find my way to Waterloo Place, where I'm supposed to catch the bus tour, I'm late and in a panic. When I see the little red bus still at the stop, I'm almost weak-kneed with relief. "'Bout time you showed up, Sweetheart," the driver grumbles, grabbing my backpack and tossing it unceremoniously into the back. I climb on board, and my heart sinks. I'm too late to have gotten one of the single seats, and am now going to be stuck sharing. There are only two empty seats, one on the bench in the very back, between a young woman with spiky hair and a serious case of bitch face and a man who might be a professional football player; the other right behind the driver, next to a startlingly handsome man, who glances up at me through a mop of ashy blond waves, and smiles shyly. I hope Blondie isn't a talker. o-o-o Blondie is a talker. His name is Peeta Mellark, and he fills the first hour of our drive north with mostly one-sided conversation. But I find I don't mind all that much. He's Irish, from a village on the Irish sea, and his gently lilting accent is much nicer to listen to than the rough Scottish burr that our driver barks as he points out one thing or another along the route. "You know a lot about Scotland," I finally say. Peeta smiles wistfully. "My da used to bring me here, when I was small. We'd walk the hills and sleep in the heather." "How long has he been gone?" Peeta lifts an eyebrow, but I know I'm right. I recognize the look in his eyes. It's the same expression I wear when I think about my own father, whose death when I was just a kid marked the beginning of the end of my idyllic childhood. "I was seventeen when he passed," he says quietly. "You miss him." It's not a question, I can see in Peeta's eyes. He nods. But any further discussion is cut off by our first stop on the tour. Though it's a bus tour, it turns out to be a fairly active one. We make multiple stops all along the route to the Highlands, exploring an ancient cathedral, touring a distillery, even visiting a heritage village. And as what appears to be the only two people travelling alone on the tour, Peeta and I end up spending most of the day together. It's… nice. He's sweet and interesting, and it's refreshing to talk with someone my own age. When we arrive at Inverness, our stop for the night, I realize that Peeta and I have been assigned to the same bed and breakfast, along with the linebacker, whose name is Thresh, his girlfriend Rue, and our driver, Haymitch. That's going to make keeping to myself that much more difficult, I realize. Then Haymitch arranges for the whole group to eat together at a pub on the river. I want to say no, that I'm too tired or some other excuse, but somehow I get sucked along anyway. I hate being forced into group situations, but Peeta, seeming to sense my unease, sits beside me and acts as a bit of a buffer between me and the throng, not speaking for me, but deflecting attention when I get overwhelmed. And it's compelling to watch him interact with the others. He's so friendly and well-spoken, so intelligent and insightful, easily moving between discussing the differences between American football and Gaelic rugby with Thresh, and the impact of Brexit on tourism in the Republic with the South African lawyer seated at the next table. And though I promised myself that I wouldn't think about Gale, it's impossible not to compare him with Peeta. Gale has always been sort of closed minded; conversation with Gale is only possible on the narrow range of topics he cares about, and generally involves either a recitation of his opinions with no room for dissent, or a re-living of his glory days. But Peeta is so thoughtful, I watch him absorb and consider everyone's viewpoints, watch his reflect back intelligent discourse in a way that feels engaging and exciting, not like a firestorm. I can't help thinking that maybe Prim is right. Maybe I do need to spend time with people my own age instead of feeling like I'm still stuck in highschool with Gale. o-o-o The sun rises ridiculously early in Inverness, and the curtains in my room are barely translucent. By five-thirty, I've given up on sleep entirely, and decide to sneak down to the common lounge, where the wifi signal is better. I'm surprised to find I'm not alone. Peeta is already there, dressed for the day and facing the large plate glass window, beyond which the sky is streaked in pink and amber. He doesn't hear me at first, and I can see in the reflection that his usual easy expression has been replaced by something more intense and removed that suggests an entire world locked away inside him. I decide to steal away, to leave him to his musings, but he catches the motion and turns, the faraway expression resolving into a smile that seems so genuinely sweet with just the right touch of shyness that unexpected warmth rushes through me. "Good morning, Katniss," he says. "What are you doing up so early?" I ask. There's an empty teacup on the windowsill, he's clearly been here awhile. "I'm a baker," he laughs. "I'm used to the pre-dawn wake-ups." I grin, I heard him mentioning his business over dinner, and I'm curious about it. He makes me a cup of tea, and another for himself, and as we sit together in the early morning hush he tells me about the bakery he owns in the tiny coastal village where his family has lived for generations. The picture he paints of his bucolic life there makes me ache, my own empty, tetherless existence in sharp contrast to his certainty. It makes me realize how stunted my growth has been, having wasted all of that time with Gale. Playing things safe instead of living. I'm ready to live. o-o-o Our tour guide, Haymitch, is gruff and grouchy, but he seems to know all of the hidden gems of Scotland. As we head to the Isle of Skye, he makes frequent stops to walk nature trails with stunning waterfalls, to show us multiple off-the-beaten-path lookout points, and we even spend a glorious hour searching for shells on a Carribean-blue beach. But in the mid afternoon, the bus starts to make a strange noise. And as we pull into our next stop on the itinerary - the enchanted-sounding Fairy Glen - it comes to a shuddering halt. "Ah shit," Haymitch grumbles. "Well," Peeta murmurs in my ear. "There are worse places to get stuck." He's right, this place is utter magic. As a group, we explore the strange rolling hills and mini lochs of the glen, walking the concentric rings and pressing coins into cracks in cave walls. Peeta is half mountain goat, I swear, practically jogging up the steep hills, gently teasing me as I lag behind. My laughter,