Destiny The day of Peeta Mellark's last reaping dawned gloriously, with a pink-and-gold sunrise sliding back to reveal blue skies, and a soft breeze fluttering through the open windows. But he couldn't enjoy it, and not just because he was holed up in the bakery, toiling in front of the ovens. He couldn't enjoy it because he was terrified about Katniss, the girl he'd had a crush on since forever. It would be her last reaping too, one way or another. It was the another thought that had him so worked up. Peeta had spent three-quarters of his life watching Katniss Everdeen. Watching the sweet, vibrant girl who sang like an angel - but was forced to grow up far too fast - turn into a strong, independent, often-scowling woman. In the years since her father died, in the years since that gut-wrenching day she'd appeared at the back of the bakery, skeletal and with eyes already dead, Katniss had learned to take care of herself and her family. And Peeta had been watching. He knew each time she took out tesserae, had been mentally counting her slips in the reaping bowls for six long years. And this year, her name was in the reaping twenty-eight times. Twenty-eight! The odds, he knew, were not in her favour. His own seven slips seemed paltry by comparison. Truthfully, he'd never really worried about reaping day, not after the first few times anyway. Not once he realized that the kids being called were almost always Seam. Blond merchant heads appeared on the podium only very rarely. A soft tap on the back door shook him from his reverie, and a gentle smile tugged at his lips. He pulled open the door to find her standing on the back stoop, cheeks flushed pink and long black braid tucked under a cap. "Good morning, Peeta," she said softly, and his smile widened. Though they'd been classmates their entire lives, Peeta had never spoken to Katniss until a year and a half ago. Oh, she came to the kitchen door frequently before that, trading squirrels and greens for bakery bread, but she'd always traded with his father while Peeta tried not to get caught staring. But a year and a half ago, everything changed. A year and a half ago, District 12 changed. And Gale Hawthorne was to blame. "Good morning, Katniss," Peeta said, ushering her into the kitchen. She glanced around; out of habit, he thought. There was no longer anyone to fear in the Mellark Bakery kitchen. Not since the measles outbreak that killed Peeta's mother and middle brother eighteen months ago. The same outbreak that had left dozens dead, merchant and miner alike. The outbreak that cost the Hawthorne family two children and apparently drove the eldest Hawthorne child quite mad. "I, uhm. I brought some cheese to trade," she said, not quite meeting his eyes. He liked how shy she could be. Growing up, she'd seemed aloof; certainly the rest of their classmates thought she was stuck-up. But that wasn't it. She was simply cautious and reserved. But she'd begun to drop her walls around him, started to let him see who she really was. And he adored that girl even more than the fierce huntress the rest of the district saw. She produced two perfect little goat cheeses from her bag, each carefully wrapped in basil leaves. With the fence that separated the district from the surrounding woods electrified 24/7 now, she seldom had any meat to trade. But her sister made cheese and they grew herbs and Peeta and his father were always happy to trade for those. Not that Katniss had a lot of other choices. Since the old black market, the Hob, was burned to the ground by Peacekeepers nearly a year and a half ago, the shops in town were the only places left for her to sell to or trade with. Peeta knew she always came to the bakery first though. Not the grocer, not Rooba the butcher. To him. They chatted just a little as they completed their trades. On such a fear-fraught day, they stuck to safe subjects - the weather, cheese buns, Prim. Prim was the one topic Peeta could always count on Katniss sparing a few words for. And the one thing that could bring a soft smile to her lush lips. Her smiles were rare, each uptick of her lips he earned felt like an accomplishment, he cherished each one. It had been a long, slow process of building trust to get to the point where she would talk to him about herself, her life, her family. A year and a half of growing together, of gentle coaxing, of never pushing, and finally he thought she might see him as a friend. "Peeta," Katniss said as he was placing the bread and rolls he'd offered in trade into her satchel. He glanced up to meet her silver eyes, wondering if she was going to chide him again for putting too many in the bag. It was a game they played; he tried every time to tuck a few extra morsels in, knowing how terribly the Everdeens struggled without access to the woods. Sometimes she'd argue with him about it. More frightening were the times she wouldn't. Today, though, her eyes were soft with concern. "Good luck this afternoon." He tried to give her a reassuring smile. He wanted to tell her that they'd both be fine, but those twenty-eight slips weighed heavily on his heart. And he wouldn't lie to her. "You too," he said. As she turned to leave, Peeta called out to her. "Katniss?" His voice trembled just slightly. She looked back over her shoulder. "Could I see you tonight, after the Reaping?" She turned fully, her eyes searching his, and he held his breath. After what felt like an eternity, she nodded. "Okay," she said simply. "Okay," he breathed, relieved. Assuming they both survived, Peeta was going to ask Katniss to marry him. Tonight. He'd been over the books with his father, multiple times, and knew the bakery could provide a comfortable life for both of the surviving Mellark sons, and their future families. Knew he could offer Katniss the stability that had been so lacking in her life for years. If she would allow it. Peeta knew Katniss didn't love him, knew her heart still belonged to Gale Hawthorne. But he also knew she was pragmatic, and with some persuading she would surely see how much easier it would be for her to care for her mother and sister if she had the bakery's stability behind her. He would woo her then, would show her how beautiful and special she was, shower her with attention and affection. And maybe, just maybe, someday she might grow to love him too. But if she could never love him that way, it would be enough to have her beside him in friendship, to know that she was safe and fed and cared for. He only hoped he could convince her. o-o-o Peeta made the short walk from the bakery to the square where the reaping was to take place alone, giving the whipping post and stockades a wide berth. After Gale Hawthorne and several of his miner cohort rioted, seriously damaging the rail line and justice building before disappearing into the woods, new Peacekeepers were dispatched to District 12, along with new rules. In those first few months after Head Peacekeeper Thread arrived, the whipping posts and stockades and even the gallows saw a lot of use. Things had calmed down some since then. The fence was still on, there was still a curfew and heavy patrols, but the torture devices stood mostly dormant. He checked in for what would be the very last time and took his place with the other eighteen year old boys up front, closest to the stage. Even as he exchanged greetings and well wishes his attention was firmly on the pens that held the girls. Waiting for her. The machine gun waving Peacekeepers, the Capitol cameras, the dignitaries lining the stage, he didn't notice any of them. He only had eyes for Katniss. She arrived with fewer than five minutes to spare, straight-spined and stoic. But she sought his eyes in the crowd. And she graced him with a small upturn of her lips. As always, it was ladies first. Peeta didn't even hear the name that came from the bowl, only that it wasn't Katniss, his Katniss. Relief flooded through him. She was safe from the reaping forever. The faintest of smiles played across his lips as he let his mind wander. Let himself envision the future he was going to propose to her. A future for them both, together. And then it all came crashing down. Every hope and dream decimated when Effie Trinket called the name of the male tribute. Peeta Mellark. "No!" a voice he knew all too well yelled from the pens where the girls stood. It was her scream that ultimately saved him. He paused his march of doom, turning back, taking a half dozen steps towards her, trying to see her amidst the throng. He'd only just made eye contact when a deafening blast slammed him, and the children around him, to the cobbles. Chaos erupted. Crashes and screams surrounded him, chunks of debris rained down. Booted feet large and small scrambled over him as if he were nothing but trash on the street. He tried to lift his throbbing head, to see above the bodies around him, but he was woozy and confused. Blood trickled down his temple and the air was thick with smoke. When a firm hand grabbed his shoulder, he expected to see Peacekeeper-white hovering over him. Instead, it was soft blue. Katniss, wearing her mother's dress and a terrified expression, ash streaking her raven hair. "Get up," she hissed, tugging at him. Peeta was barely on his feet before they were running. It took every bit of his concentration not to fall as she ran full-tilt, clutching his hand. He couldn't speak, couldn't even figure out where they were going as they zig-zagged down alleys and around buildings. She stopped only when they got to the fence. Peeta's heart sank. The fence, the barrier that kept brave, resilient Katniss Everdeen captive in the dull district these days. But Katniss stood before the fence, panting, and leaned towards it. "What are you-" he started, and she shook her head, laying a finger across her own lips to silence him. She listened, for what he didn't know. For five, ten, fifteen seconds, she was still and silent. Then a hint of a grin lifted her lips. "It's off," she said, and grasped the bottom of the chain link. Peeta gasped, but when Katniss wasn't immediately fried, he huffed out a relieved breath. "Come on," she said, holding up the fence enough for him to slither under. He was afraid of getting electrocuted, but he was far more afraid of the Peacekeepers who were surely searching for him. No one had ever escaped the reaping before. His clothing snagged and tore, but he managed to get under the fence. Katniss followed, taking just a moment to bend the chain link back into it's original position. To obscure their route, he thought. "What happened back there?" he gasped. She didn't spare him a glance. "An explosion." "How?" "I don't know." Then she was towing him again, running nearly as quickly as they had through the district. She clearly knew where she was heading and knew the terrain, avoiding obstacles with stunning ease. Peeta, on the other hand, could barely stay on his feet, crashing into every stump, tripping over every root. By the time they slowed, he was bruised and aching, sweating and nauseous. Still they continued, the path she chose as convoluted and meandering as the one through town, crossing over itself multiple times, seeming