chapter one It was with an agrieved sigh that Professor Mcgonagall slipped away from the massive castle at midnight. It has been her home for a very long time. In fact, she has probably lived in this same very location for possibly a little over sixty years. Not in the exact same place, of course, for now she lived in her own quarters, as did all of the professors teaching at Hogwarts, whilst in her youth she had lived in a girl's dormitory of Gryffindor tower. It was the early morning when she arrived, wet and disgruntled, in the gloomy and overcast London. The morning frost had caused her breath to send clouds of smoke into the air, and she shook away the bits of rain that had gathered behind her ears. It was only when she was safely in the ladies' when first her head, then her legs, grew back back, and she left the cubicle to examine her appearance. Thin, unsmiling and with an imposing height, Professor Mcgonagall was one whom people could not help but respect the moment their eyes landed on her. She had not wanted to complete this task, for she was getting older, and apparation no longer suited her quite as well, but she was the only one with any experience at all in retrieving an orphan from a muggle orphanage in London, and the only professor at the school with the faintest idea of how to dress and seem like a muggle - it helped that she had been raised like a muggle in her youth - so she had naturally been tasked with this introduction of an orphan. Satisfied at last after pulling back the last, untangled, strand of hair, she left the bathroom with her head held high, and emerald eyes stern and with no signs of humour. It had been a long time since her job to introduce the hidden wizarding world to young witches and wizards, and she couldn't bring herself to feel the same inane excitement her younger self had felt on her first day of informing a pupil. The orphanage was considered small for an orphanage. It was located down the bend of Myrtle Street, and Professor Mcgonagall was reminded of the shy, quiet girl in Hufflepuff who had turned into a moping, moaning, Moaning Myrtle ghost. If her initial impression of the orphanage was that it was a sad, gloomy place, this street name did nothing to change that. The tall, imposing black gates were rusted and had sharp spikes, but the door of the gate was wide open, so Professor Mcgonagall took the chance and walked right in. The orphanage itself seemed reasonably well-maintained. It had white painted, and also beige coloured walls with a black roof. The door to the orphanage was already wide open, and the Professor could already see boys and girls shuffling around barefeet. Some were cleaning tables, some were sweeping the floors. All had shoulders that were curved inward, as though they were trying to hide themselves. Their ages ranged from the youngest being eight, and the eldest being about sixteen, it seemed. He was an acne-ridden guy, with pock-marked skin and a gangly frame that was not at all appealing, so it was quite understandable why he was still working in the orphanage. She knocked on the door. The boy, along with the other orphans, rose their thin heads. They glanced at one another, before a single glare from the oldest sent the eight year old scrambling away, presumably to fetch someone of greater authority. Professor Mcgonagall was right, for the boy returned with a tall and thin woman in her late thirties dressed in smart business clothes. "Good morning, are you here to adopt a child?" she asked. Professor Mcgonagall got a whiff of an unmistakeable scent of alcohol. "No," she said politely, "I am here to see Isadora Rosier, and to talk to her about enrolling in my school." The lady blinked. "Ah, I see. About her grades, ain't it? Isadora is a smart kid, see. No wonder a fine lady like yourself is coming to seek her out. But are you sure about wanting her? Isadora has looks of an angel, but she is not one." "Yes, I am quite sure," Professor Mcgonagall said cooly, with a steely note to her voice. The lady shrugged as though to say "your loss", and led her further into the orphanage. The orphanage was a clean place, the walls without a speck of dirt, and the floors were equally spotless. But there was an air of gloominess in it - in the wide open dormitory doors with the curious children craning their heads to have a better glimpse of the matron and the unfamiliar old lady, and the sadness steeped into their faces. But Professor Mcgonagall knew she had no place meddling with their lives. One after another, they kept passing dormitories, until it simply couldn't be possible for the orphanage to have any more room for yet another dormitory where Isadora resided. But the matron led her up yet another flight of stairs, and onto a dark, dimly lit attic, with only two doors, none big enough for a dormitory. "N'ne liked her, did they. Said she was a creep," the matron slurred, "'nd I've to admit even I meself am sometimes scar'd of her too. 'Tis the spawn of the devil, she is. Even her name says so." Minerva was reminded of how the town had felt regarding the choice of her name when she was little. Her dislike deepened further, but she said nothing. "-and they're scared o'her living with 'em, so she lives here now," the lady said, and Professor Mcgonagall finally understood why they were in the attic, "Honestly, I don't blame 'em. I'd ne'er want to live with her, neither." The matron knocked on the door. "Isadora! A lady is here to see you!" she called, her voice a painful screech that made even Professor Mcgonagall wince slightly. Of course, it may also be because of the name, for it reminded her of someone she could never forget... The door was opened with a creak, and Professor Mcgonagall entered what had to be the smallest, and most inappropriate, place to raise a child. The room was exceeding small. She was certain could have stretched out her two arms and been able to easily touch the two sides of the walls. The length was not much better, lending only enough room for a small bed of metal, which creaked, and a thin grey blanket on the white bedsheets, that looked old and worn. A small desk was placed to the immediate side of the bed with little room in between, with a simple wooden chair pushed neatly into the desk, and a small chest was placed in front of the bed, most likely because there wasn't any space to put a wardrobe. The windows at the end, slightly above both the bed and the desk, had been pushed open forcefully, such that the buffering wind never halted in its cold frenzy - that day seemed to be particularly unhappy - and propped open by a thick stick stuck between the window and the ledge. A small girl sat on the bed, causing the bed springs to creak as she shifted slightly into a more formal position, sitting with crossed legs instead of her legs being in front of her, one folded under another. Professor Mcgonagall did not know what to make of her, because for a girl her height, she had a surprisingly solid figure, and her gaze on Professor Mcgonagall was defiant and defensive. She looked malnutritious, now, but it seemed as though she had had a family who had given her enough to eat before, because her bones were big, and well developed, although she looked like she had lost a lot of weight in a short amount of time. She still had baby fat on her cheeks, like all other eleven year olds, but her skin was tight over her strong bone structure, and the clothes she wore hung loosely over her. Professor Mcgonagall could not help but wonder if she had not been given enough to eat, or she had suffered a loss and could not bring herself to. She was undeniably attractive, even at only eleven. With a strong, defined jaw and a square, set face that most girls did not have, Isadora had an exotic look, with her intriguing nose, a cross between a high-set nose and a button nose. Her cheekbones were not as well defined, but they fit very well with her strong jaw, and her eyebrows shadowed her eyes. Unlike the unnatural paleness of her skin, her hair held a natural dark shade, as did her eyes. Only when the light that shined through the dirty, undusted windows hit her the right angle did Mcgonagall realise that she did not have black eyes, but amber-brown orbs that gazed at her behind a pair of rectangular black plastic glasses. She was tying back her untidy waves of black tresses as she eyed them mutinously. Somehow, the messiness of her hair only made her seem more personable. That had no logic behind it, but it truly did. Professor Mcgonagall turned around to stare at the matron for a while, who took a moment to realise what she was insinuating, and flushed. "Right, right. I'll, umm, I'll be outside when you're done," she said in a rush, nearly tripping over herself in her haste to get out, and closing the door shut quickly behind her with a creak. Professor Mcgonagall waited a while, before taking out her wand and waving it at the door, ensuring that no eavesdropping would occur. By then, Isadora was just staring at Mcgonagall. She held her elbows close to her thin body, emphasizing on how skinny and fragile she looked, especially in that threadbare old shirt that was draped over her small frame and the cotton shorts she were wore were equally unfitting, engulfing her in their loose embrace, but her sharp chin, that was jutting out from where she was looking upwards while gazing at Professor Mcgonagall, told her that the girl was no pushover. "Are you...Isadora Rosier?" Professor Mcgonagall made sure to check her letter again to make sure she got the right name. It was a confirmation - she had never gone to the wrong person, but just in case, she'd better ask. After all, the matron was drunk. A nod. "My name is Professor Mcgonagall. I am a teacher of a boarding school in Scotland, and I would like to inform you that you have been accepted into Hogwarts School," Professor Mcgonagall said, "It is a school of magic, for witches and wizards." She waited, staring at Isabel, waiting for the outburst. The muggle-raised always did that. Some yelled at her for being a lunatic who ought to be locked up in an asylum, some shouted in joy and exhilaration, some scoffed. But Isabel did neither. The small little girl on the small bed blinked, and slipped a bookmark into the weathered and slightly yellowed book that she had been reading prior to Professor Mcgonagall's arrival, before putting it aside. Her eyes then rose to meet Professor Mcgonagall's. "How was I accepted?" she asked calmly. This was the first time that Professor Mcgonagall had heard her speak, and it was to her surprise that she learned that the girl in fact had an average voice that was slightly lower than most girls her age. The voice was, however, slightly husky, as if it had been left unused for a long time. Professor Mcgonagall felt a pang of pity. "By performing magic. When you perform magic, there is a charmed quill at the school who writes your name down into a book, which we will read and send out letters on your eleventh birthday. If you do not have parents