[A/N] Well…well, well well. So we're doing this again, are we? Oh well, far be it for me to disagree with the plot bunnies that oh so love to hijack my brain during four hour delays that leave me stuck in the departure lounge at airports with absolutely nothing else to do. Yes, while this may not be an entire new saga, I suppose it will be the repository for any shorts that come to my mind (or indeed anybody else's should they wish to submit alongside) at random intervals, each forming the basis for a 'chapter'. On that note, it's probably best to start out with something completely different. I think it's about time to write one centred around a character who normally prefers the background, and really does like to stay there. Oh well, time to do what I do best and put a character I hold dear through absolute hell. Onwards! Broken Bow: Hunter Tales Entry One: Wants and Needs That's the thing about relationships: you tend to have to share likes, activities and burdens, whether you want to or not. But that was fine as far as Armani was concerned. At least, he assumed it should have been fine... While it was true that Armani didn't have to share in all the little traditions that Aren still adhered to as a former Hunter, he didn't really want to make her feel too isolated from her old existence either. However, he probably should've been a little more selective before simply promising to share in all of them outright. In all fairness, he had only agreed to it because he'd read that couples did that sort of thing together…apparently. And they were apparently a couple. He really was still getting used to that. The concept had, so far, seemed easy enough in its execution: It was just like having a very close friend, one you huddled together with for warmth at night even when you didn't really need to. Armani was sure there was a lot more to it than that, but he was still finding his feet with the whole situation. Aren seemed to be a lot more knowledgeable about the subject in general, which quite frankly surprised Armani. He supposed it had something to do with repressed urges. Regardless, when Armani had outright agreed to the sharing of traditions (which he really did feel was only fair, especially after the whole Christmas debacle) he realised that he probably should have at least read up on what all of them were first. The Fasting of the Maiden: Now, despite a lot of teasing at Camp Half-blood that would imply the contrary, Armani was not a maiden, and he was indeed fully aware of this fact. But a promise was a promise, and so he resolved himself to participate. But seventy-two hours without food? Now, whilst Armani was fully aware that the human body could easily survive that long without sustenance just so long as there was plenty of water available (which the precepts obviously didn't forbid, not unless the tradition was supposed to double as some kind of Hunter culling ritual), he still had an issue: He really liked eating. Seriously, it was one of his top five favourite things. It was right up there with hunting. In fact, the two went hand in hand. What was he supposed to do? Kill something and just leave it sitting there? Absurd. You kill something and then you eat it, that's how it works…within reason of course. That basically meant three days without hunting too. Already it was starting to drive him mad, and they were only five hours into it. Plus, there was also the fact that it was just plain instinctive: The concept of fasting was practically alien to Armani. And therein lay the problem. There was one being that Armani knew of who disliked the prospect of him not eating more than he did. You should eat something. Armani clenched his eyes closed at the umpteenth repetition of that particular nag. He took another large gulp of water and then went right back to his stretching exercises. You're hungry, you should be eating something! Stop not eating this instant! Shut…up! This is ridiculous… "It's important to Aren…" muttered Armani, "The Hunters practice this both as an endurance test and to train themselves to conserve energy should a situation emerge where they find themselves low on supplies." I heard the explanation… "Good, then you agree…" he murmured, leaning down to stretch his quadriceps. I most certainly do not. When you're hungry, you eat. That's how it works. I really didn't think I'd ever have to instruct you on that fact. I can't eat, Instinct. I'm fasting. Then stop it! I dislike it. Armani didn't really blame Instinct for her attitude. An animal's first urge upon feeling hunger is to sate it if the possibility is even remotely available. The mere concept of choosing not to eat when resources were available must have been mindboggling to her. He could almost hear her gnashing her metaphorical teeth in the back of his mind. -α- Twenty-four hours later… Lya shuffled up to Aren's side. They were both standing in the patio doorway, observing Armani as he sat cross-legged on the beach in an attempt to find some peace, "He's been talking to himself again…" said the nymph. Aren shrugged, "He always talks to himself." "Yeah, but he never shouts though…" Aren scoffed, frowning with slight disapproval, "The other woman in his life must be getting to him then." -α- What if you just pureed a little something, would that count? Armani gritted his teeth, "That would be cheating, now stop talking about food. Thinking about food makes this ordeal ten times harder!" It's my job to make you think about it! Then quit your job and find a hobby! Don't be absurd….what kind of hobby? Armani rolled his eyes, "I don't know!" he snapped out loud, "Have you tried crocheting?" … -α- A further twenty-four hours later… Armani stood in the centre of the living room with his eyes closed in perfect, albeit tense silence. Aren had been right about the hunger pains, and the high liquid intake wasn't doing much to stop them now. She'd told him it wouldn't be so bad just as long as he didn't focus on it too much. Unfortunately for Armani however… How about- "That's it!" snapped Armani, eyes flicking open and cutting the voice off. He rounded about on the wall mirror and stabbed a finger at himself, "Now you listen here…" I'm always listening "One word, just one more peep out of you and I swear… I'll make you regret it." A scoffing sound came back in response. You're already driving me out of my wits with this pointless exercise. What do you possibly think you can do to me now? "Alright..." said Armani through his teeth, nodding, "alright then…" and he swung back about before marching over to the open laptop on the coffee table. He then mashed a button to wake it up. What are you doing? Armani punched the keys so hard he was sure that he was causing damage, "Who, me? I'm just purchasing the entire collective works of Justin Bieber, One Direction and Michael Bay for direct download. I feel the sudden urge for a movie-music marathon. How about you?" There followed a long, long silence. You wouldn't dare… "Oh wouldn't I? So help me Artemis, I will turn my brain into mush to shut you up if I have to!" Armani knew that if there was one thing that the pair of them hated more than anything else, it was loud, screechy noises, pointless explosions, and situations so incomprehensibly stupid that you don't know where to even begin ranting pointlessly about them. But he had been pushed that far. A pause followed, the briefest of hesitations from within. Bluffing… "Aren!" snapped Armani "Hmm?" came the distracted mumble from somewhere off in the kitchen. "What's my new iTunes password again?" "Uhm…die, vampires die, all one word, lower case. Oh, and six exclamation marks and a smiley face." "Right, right…" murmured the demigod as he began typing. He got to the last digit, his pinkie hovering over the return key when- FINE! Armani actually winced due to sheer volume of her technically non-existent voice. This caused him to inadvertently tap enter, wasting over a hundred and fifty dollars in the process. Armani blinked and then regarded the screen blankly, "Damn…" You can have your day. You can have that long and no more. Armani cocked his head, "That's all I ask, dear friend. And you have my solemn word in turn that I'll do nothing short of pig out on the morning after all this is over." There came no response. Which Armani felt was a little odd, not that it was entirely unwelcome though. -α- And so, weakened and exhausted, Armani was more than glad to finally flop backwards onto his bed on the last night of the fast. Aren was far more composed however as she slipped under the covers and drew herself up alongside. "Do you do this every year?" grumbled Armani, still staring upwards but flicking his attention to her out the corner of one eye. Aren shook her head, "Nah, just once a decade." Armani slumped his head down into the nape of her neck, "Thank the various gods…" The huntress just chuckled and nestled up to Armani, idly playing with his braids until they both drifted off. -α- 12:00am that night… The digital clock on Armani's nightstand bleeped quietly as both the hour and day clicked over. Armani's eyes flicked open. However, it wasn't Armani that had opened them… Instinct lay there, briefly stunned. This hadn't been how it was supposed to be. She'd been expecting to drag Armani awake too. She of course realised in an instant however what had just happened. Due to his sheer level of physical and mental fatigue brought about by the fasting, Armani had slipped far quicker into the deeper levels of REM sleep than she'd been expecting. His mind had not been where she had been expecting and so had completely missed both her target and opportune moment. They'd effectively passed each other by, moving in differing levels of consciousness. Instinct immediately retreated back into Armani's mind. Or at least, she tried to... Panic began to creep in ever so slightly. Armani was fast asleep, his consciousness resting deep within the murky depths and completely out of her reach. Instinct scowled. She would just have to wait for him to rise back up to meet her in kind in that case. Until then, she was effectively stuck until he chose to wake up. She was stuck in the muddy, chaotic soup of… higher brain functions. Instinct would've shuddered if she knew how to properly emulate the movement. It was a minor setback, but what was done was done. Instinct was so focused on the task she'd been suppressing for the last day that even her own irritation now felt almost secondary. The time was, technically, up and now her silly cub could finally be sated. So be it… Instinct's eyes flicked about in the dark, her elongated pupils adjusting to the poor light as she catalogued her surroundings. She had one priority and one priority only: Locate a food source. Never did she think she would have to actually go to the effort of feeding him. He wasn't some chick that still needed a mother bird to do that sort of thing for him. Or maybe he was, she could rarely tell in her cub's case. Her gaze continued darting about, assessing everything almost mechanically. She focused for a second on the bowl upon the dresser opposite. Option: Bowl of decorative fruit. Conclusion: Not actually fruit. Instinct dismissed the painting of a deer on one wall for similar reasons. It was her way to catalogue