So I recently got addicted to Twilight femslash and really enjoyed some of the Bella/Victoria stuff I found. It's tied in my mind with Bella/Alice and Bella/Jane as a pairing, but those would have different dynamics and starting points for their relationships. Instead, I wanted to really look at Victoria. She's such a rich character, and I want to see what she'll do, while exploring some of the more… interesting sides of Twilight's mythos and lore. I love the Hollows books (also known as the Rachel Morgan series), and its portrayal of vampires makes me shiver (in a good way). Themes like denial and acceptance of self, inability to ignore instincts, etc. will probably be showing up here. Important Note: I'm working with the canonical version of Victoria here, not her movie version. The difference? Canon Victoria was eighteen when she was turned and looks like she should still be in school. In the end is this all we can ask for? Breathing every day and night just waiting Calling out but silence Talking but no words Broken in pieces - When We Wake - Blood Red Shoes Chapter 1: Encounters One week after the Cullens' departure I was running. Running as fast as I could, my heart pounding and blood thrumming through my veins. Forks' dreary atmosphere clung to the surface of the earth in a fog as thick as split-pea soup, preventing me from seeing further than seven feet into the dense snarl of vegetation. It completely obstructed me as I kept moving forward, with leaves and branches whipping past me, roots reaching up to try and trip me. It was a miracle I hadn't yet. Behind me somewhere came a laugh. A laugh like sunlight glancing off of the rain. Like an angel, dancing on the wind. But I knew the truth. If she was an angel, she had fallen long ago. "Isabeeellaaaaaa." A whisper on my right, reaching out of the fog and brushing me like a ghostly hand. I jerked and stumbled, hastily attempting to turn and flee in the opposite direction as my lungs began to burn. I was beginning to become both lightheaded and nauseous from my efforts to evade her. I wouldn't last much longer. Stupid forests. Stupid Forks. Stupid Washington. Why did I have to decide to move here from Phoenix? A giggle on my left drew my attention and I was unable to stop myself from looking, which in turn kept me from noticing the vine-like root that finally tripped me. I was brought tumbling down in my typically graceless fashion, my face colliding with the earth of the forest (thankfully soft enough to keep me from breaking my nose, although it felt like I had been kicked in the head). I lay there for an infinitesimal moment trying to regain the breath that had been forced from my lungs, my head fuzzy and throbbing from the fall. Something primitive screamed at me in my mind, and in less than a moment my vision was filled with red. It cascaded over her shoulder like liquid fire, falling down and framing that hideously beautiful face, a face that could have been in the same year as me at school. Her lips were curled into a righteously sadistic smirk, and burgundy eyes stared down at me, freezing me in place at the same time they drew me in. Victoria. "Hello, Isabella." I was suddenly flying through the air, everything inverted. Up was down, and down was up, the sky beneath me. Something impacted me on my left, accompanied with a sharp 'crack' that I knew was my arm and at least one of my ribs breaking. A cold hand as hard as granite gripped my neck as I fell, grabbing me before I crumpled and holding me up, sharp bark digging into my back. I fought against her fingers to try and inhale, scrabbling at her wrist with my right hand to try and pry the digits apart and grant me some relief. My head was starting to feel real fuzzy, like cotton-balls in my brain, and then my vision began to go, blackness surrounding everything like a tunnel and making it so I could only see her. I was sure my face was turning blue, but she only stood there, holding me up and smirking for what felt like an eternity. "Oh. Sorry." Her voice dripped with false sweetness. "You need to breathe, don't you?" Her fingers loosened imperceptibly, allowing me a gasping breath that was immediately regretted due to the sharp pain of protest my newly-broken ribs gave me. "Humans are such fragile creatures." I just hung there, unable to fight her and the strength she exhibited, knowing that my continued existence was completely dependent on her whims at the current moment. She twisted her wrist, exposing the right side of my neck, and stepped closer, nostrils flaring. "I never did understand how James chose his targets. You do smell especially sweet, but even he should have known that it was unwise to go against a coven of seven. Seven! Even if he caught and drained you, they would have come after us. I told him that. I felt it. But no ." Her voice turned harsh, like jagged glass that had been sharpened into a knife. "He still had to go after you. And now he's dead . Because of you !" she hissed, venom flying out of her lips and landing on my cheek, creating a tingling feeling as it sunk into my pores. I couldn't help the whimper that escaped my lips as I instinctively tried to shrink away from this furious predator in front of me. "He's dead ," she whispered again. And that was when I caught it. Aching emptiness in the red eyes that practically pierced me to the tree behind me. Eyes filled with the hurt and pain of untenable loss that I'd seen in my own mirror every day since It happened. Somehow, in some way, we were the same. I'd never even considered the possibility of sympathy, empathy with someone like her. But here we were, both trying to go on despite the gaping hole that now existed in our lives, both failing miserably. I turned to depression, she turned to desperation. The difference between our two situations was that she had a target for her feelings, while I… I had nothing now. As if she had heard my thoughts, she continued. "And so I planned and waited. A mate for a mate. My life was forfeit, as long as you were dead. I wanted to make him feel the same pain that he'd given me. To look in his eyes and see the pain. And then I come here, and what do I find?" She drew back her head back to get a better look at my face, pinning me with her glare. "They're gone ." I flinched, unable to stop myself from thinking about the Event. "And now it's useless . I can't cause them any pain, because they're not here ." She started laughing, the sound throaty and sad. "So why did he die? Tell me, Isabella, why did he die, if this was just a farce? If you weren't really the boy's mate? WHY? " She drew my body back and slammed me against the tree again, causing me to gasp in pain. What she'd said suddenly registered in my shaken mind. "W-what?" I croaked, unable to keep the sound from passing my lips. Victoria looked at me, shock flashing across her face. And then she laughed again. "And you don't even know. The pitiful little human , playing with the vampires, but doesn't even know what's happening." She tilted her head, as if studying some interesting specimen. "We're very particular about our life-partners, Isabella . When we take one, they are forevermore ours , just as much as we are theirs. It is very rare that a vampire can move beyond the passing of their other half. Most of us go insane. Even rarer that they find another. That is the stuff of legends. But it is impossible for a vampire to willingly abandon their mate and leave them behind or cause them pain. Impossible . It would tear them apart from the inside. They wouldn't even be able to think of doing it. Do you understand?" My oxygen-deprived, tired brain struggled to understand what she was saying. A vampire couldn't cause their mate pain. " Of course, you're my mate, Bella. "" My mate,– "" –, my mate. "" – mate. " And then nothingness, excruciating, painful nothingness. "I'm… not his… mate?" The words moved past my lips like molasses, but caused the red-haired angel in front of me to smirk. "It seems the human can be taught, after all." You might think that this revelation would cause me to withdraw, to try and escape, to relapse into that comforting nothing that had kept me sane so far, that had kept me from doing anything rash. You'd be wrong. A weight that I hadn't even known existed lifted from my shoulders. I was so light. He's not the one. I was free. Free from the commitment to be with him forever. Free to feel whatever I wanted, to not need to continue feeling love for the boy who had shattered my heart into fragments so small they were practically dust. Free because now… now he didn't need to matter to me. I laughed. I couldn't help myself. Even with my broken ribs that felt like they were piercing my lungs, I laughed. Victoria was caught completely off-guard, staring at me in shock, and I committed the image to memory, even if I only had minutes to live. I realize now that I probably sounded crazy. Hysterical even. But I couldn't stop. It felt so good to let go and just be for the moment. If I was going to die soon anyways, I might as well go out without regrets. She glared at me, considering something. I could almost see the gears turning in her mind. "So what am I to do with you now?" "Just… just kill me already." I said breathlessly, fighting the odd dizziness that was descending on me. Victoria looked at me curiously. "We both know you're going to." Her face shifted back to complete, unreadable blankness. "No. I don't think I will. I have no use for you now, Isabella. You're already broken." Something was happening, but my head was getting so fuzzy, and my chest hurt so badly. All I wanted to do was rest, and I couldn't help my eyelids from drifting closed. I let the unconscious girl drop from my hand. I saw it now. Why those animal-drinkers had been so drawn to her. She was different. Different than any other human I had come across, and likely they could say the same as well. It was… vexing. I wanted to harm her, to see her scream, to have her experience the pain that I had from losing my mate. Except she was already experiencing that herself, and by the looks of it doing as piss-poor a job as I was. The scent of blood rose, provoking the hot dryness in my throat, and I realized it was coming from the girl herself. She was bleeding somewhere inside herself, almost certainly from the little I'd actually put her through. I could have just left her. She likely would have died, however. And while I'd chased her with the intent of causing exactly that, I… for some reason I couldn't endure the thought of allowing it to happen. She made me feel. The first feelings I'd had other than rage and sadness since James had died, and I didn't want it to stop. Her death would accomplish nothing at this point, not even giving me satisfaction, but if I let her live she could be so much more.