Disclaimer - I do not own Harry Potter Acceptance Chapter 1 - Starting Out 4 Privet Drive Petunia Dursley sighed; normality at Privet Drive would soon be coming to an end. Her nephew Harry was turning eleven in just over a week and she knew what that meant. It meant a LETTER. A letter with green ink and no postage stamp delivered by a person who tried and failed to dress like a normal person. When Harry had been left on their doorstep, in the middle of winter with only a blanket, the Dursleys had a long discussion about what they were going to do. Vernon, knowing the child was magical, wanted to get rid of him. Petunia had flat out refused; she might not have been close to her sister but she felt obliged to care for her son. Realizing that he was stuck with the boy, Vernon had suggested they use him for chores and such when he was big enough, until Petunia pointed out that it would look strange to the neighbors having one boy with ratty clothes doing all the chores and one boy in perfect clothes doing no chores. Both being vain people they decided to treat Harry almost as well as their son. As the boys grew, they discovered that their son Dudley wasn't the smartest student in the world and tended toward laziness. He passed his courses, with lots of pushing from his parents to study and do his homework but he was never going to be the top of the class. Harry, however, was nearly at the top of every class. He was a very driven student who had a gift for math and science. Harry Potter always finished his homework early and studied hard for tests. He even helped his cousin. Dudley was a bigger boy, not overweight but he would never have his mother's slender build. Harry was a slim boy, with the start of muscles as he exercised and stayed active. Harry and Dudley each had a solid group of friends. Dudley and his friends liked their game systems while Harry's friends were mostly his team mates from his football team. She was so happy that neither was well acquainted with that Polkis boy, he was trouble and the bane of the neighborhood. No, the neighbors liked her boys and she got high praise from the other ladies about how well she was raising them. Petunia was proud of her boys. And then there was Magic. To this day it still made her uncomfortable. She and Vernon hadn't exactly hidden the existence of magic from him but they hadn't really explained things either. Vernon was terrified of it as he couldn't wield it and as far as he knew it could do ANYTHING, so they avoided discussing magic around him. As for herself, she didn't really know that much about it. After she and Lily had had their falling out she had stopped asking questions and Lily had stopped sharing. In fact, after Lily left for her third year at school the only news they shared had been major events in their lives like their weddings and the births of their sons. Harry being a very empathetic child had realized that Vernon feared magic and she was uncomfortable around it so had avoided asking questions every day but one; on his birthday she and Harry sat down to lunch and he could ask any questions he wanted about magic and the magical world and she would answer it if she could. Petunia shook her head and smiled. For today she would forget about magic, today was her Dudley's birthday. Harry sat at the table reading, that boy loved to read, and Dudley was getting dressed. She would be putting breakfast on the table in a few moments. Later they would be taking the boys to the zoo and then after the zoo they were taking them to the pet store. Dudley had been asking for a dog for years, they had finally decided that the responsibility would be good for him. Petunia's only rule was no Bulldogs, she loathed Marge's dogs. Another reason she was allowing Dudley to get a dog was that she remembered that Hogwarts students were allowed a pet and Petunia wanted to get Harry an owl so that they could stay in contact over the school year. She did not want to repeat the mistakes she made with her sister. She looked up at the sound of the letter box opening and moved toward the front of the house even as Harry started to rise. "I've got it, Harry, you find a stopping point and then help me set the table, breakfast will be ready in a moment." "Okay Aunt Petunia," Harry mumbled. Petunia bent down and grabbed the mail, "Dudley, Vernon," she called up the stairs, "breakfast is ready." She smiled as she walked back into the kitchen, the table was already set and Harry was plating the eggs and bacon. "Thank you, Harry," she said placing the mail on the counter without looking at it. She put the bowl of cut fruit on the table just as the rest of the family made it to the room. "Happy Birthday, Dudley," she said as he sat down. "Yeah, Happy Birthday, Dud," said Harry grinning. Vernon grunted, "Right, eat up. We've got places to go." When everyone was finished Harry started clearing, Dudley had gotten up to do it, it was his day, but Harry insisted on doing it as it was Dudley's birthday. Petunia started sorting the mail, handing a few cards to Dudley, what looked like bills to Vernon, and dropped the rubbish onto the counter. She paused when she came to the last piece of mail. Mr. Harry Potter Bedroom on the Left 4 Privet Drive Little Whinging, Surrey Odd, they hadn't had someone bring Harry's acceptance letter. "Harry," she forced out, "there is a letter here for you." He looked up questioningly, "It's from Hogwarts." Harry rushed around the counter and took the letter from her almost reverently. He opened the letter and absorbed the words on the thick paper. He grinned, then frowned slightly. "How am I supposed to send my acceptance? I don't have an owl." "How about you write your reply and then we'll go outside. The owl that dropped that is probably waiting around somewhere." He nodded grinning again and rushed out to get some paper. "Oh and ask someone to come give us an introduction. I have no idea where you are supposed to get your supplies." She looked at the rest of her men, "we will leave as soon as we get his letter sent, I promise." "It's fine, mom," Dudley said standing. "I'll just finish opening these cards and then get my shoes." Vernon frowned, "Inconsiderate lot not sending anyone to explain things to normal people." "Perhaps it is an automatic system." Petunia smoothed her husband's shirt, "Had Harry's parents survived he would have had all the knowledge he needed long before his letter came." She laughed softly, "Knowing my sister she probably would have had him out shopping the moment the letter arrived if not before." He nodded somewhat grudgingly. Transfiguration Office, Hogwarts: Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress, Head of Gryffindor house and Transfiguration teacher at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry sat in her office going over the acceptance letters she received that day. She nearly finished with the home visits for the muggle born children, she only had one left, and now she just needed to recheck the wizarding raised students. The Bones girl, check, Miss Li, Misters MacMillian, and Boot. Mister Malfoy, the Crabbe and Goyle boys, good lord she hoped they weren't like their fathers. Mister Longbottom, how she hopped Gussy hadn't been too hard on that boy. And if young Mister Longbottom was attending that meant… Dear Deputy Headmistress McGonagall, Let me begin by saying that my name is Harry Potter, and I will be attending Hogwarts come September. I am excited to attend the same school as my parents. I would like to request that a member of the school's staff aid me in preparing for school. My aunt said we need the "Muggle-born" introduction. Neither my aunt nor my uncle are magical and while my mother was, my aunt does not remember much from that time in her life. She has shared with me what she could but there are many questions for which I do not have answers, the most prominent one being, where does one buy a wand or cauldron? My uncle works during the week and would prefer not to be involved so if someone could come any day but Saturday and Sunday that would be wonderful. My aunt and cousin are interested in seeing the shops. I hope to hear from someone soon. Sincerely, Harry Potter Minerva put the letter down and sighed. How could she have forgotten that Harry Potter was living with his muggle relatives? Of course he would need help acquiring his school supplies, his aunt wouldn't be able to see the Leaky Cauldron and probably didn't even know where it was. She looked at her calendar and noted she had an opening in 2 days' time, a Thursday. Perfect. She wrote a quick reply informing Mister Potter and his family that she would be at their home Thursday at 10:00 am to give him a proper introduction. She also apologized for her not doing it that way in the first place. In just a few short days she would be seeing the child of her lost students for the first time in ten years. She almost couldn't wait. Kings Cross Train Station: The Dursley family, plus their nephew were walking through Kings Cross pushing a trolley holding a trunk and an owl cage, though the cage was empty; the professor had suggested having his owl, a snowy owl he named Hedwig, fly ahead to the school. Harry Potter was excited. He had barely slept that night but was still a bundle of nervous energy. He was going to Hogwarts. Harry had spent the month before school absorbing all he could from the books he bought at Flourish and Blotts. He had bought a few extra books on top of his school texts, History of the Noble Houses, The Wizengamot; Justice System of Magical Britain, Curses and Counter Curses, Wizarding Jobs , and a few more. He had read each one and had even read about 5 chapters of each of his school books. His favorite had been Hogwarts: A History , the school sounded amazing. All his extra books had gone into his three-compartment trunk, something he had wanted but wasn't going to spend the extra money on but his aunt had insisted that he get it. He now had essentially 3 trunks in one and all it took was touching the correct rune and he could dig into any of the three compartments. He had a section dedicated to clothes, one to books and one to supplies. They had lucked out. The first of September was a Sunday and that meant that his whole family could be there to see him off. Petunia and Dudley were happy to be there, Vernon was nervous but agreed to come so his wife and son could; had it been a week day he would have needed to drop Harry off on his way to work. At Harry's insistence they had gotten to the station extra early. He guessed, correctly, that it would be easier to find a seat if he got there well before the 11am departure time. It was just about 9:45 when they pulled into the King's Cross station parking lot. The group of four approached the barrier that was the entrance to Platform 9 ¾, Professor McGonagall had brought them to the station the day she had taken them shopping to show them where and how it worked.