Notes before you continue the story. Gale has a British accent Katniss has a southern accent. Peeta has an Irish accent. It is 1926 so excuse the racism in later chapters. And of course I don't own Hunger Games. CHAPTER 1: The Windy City April 26th 1926 I couldn't help but sigh as I stared out of the large glass window gazing upon our new home. Chicago. Prim and I were growing restless and numb from our 15 hour train ride from the banks of the Mississippi, watching our world grow smaller and smaller in the distance. Momma couldn't stand looking at the house any longer. That is after she regained her sanity from when papa passed. She had found a job as a nurse at Panem Memorial hospital and now we were moving from our quaint little town in the south to the great north; the epicenter of commerce and transportation. The damn windy city. "Oh! Katniss isn't that just the cat's meow?!" I looked over at my sister Prim as she squished her lil face up against the glass; her eyes glimmering at the smoggy cement and steel forest. My nose scrunched at her newfound city slang and I wondered how our views could be as different as the color of our hair. I thumbed my braid with a small sigh. Prim had long blond locks with bright blue eyes and fair skin while I however had dull brown hair, olive sun tanned skin and grey eyes. I took after our papa while she took after our momma. Then again, it was probably for the best in the big city if she fit in looking like a starlet. I pulled on the hem of my sunday best as it scratched against my skin uncomfortably and my corselette was starting to pinch in places the sun don't shine. I wasn't used to all the frills and bows but momma had sent us two dresses for the train ride and said we had to look all fancy like. Prim of course loved the modern woman look. I however just needed a pair of pants, even if all them good southern church folk yapped my ears strait off and told me I was going to hell. "I guess so little duck, but ya need ta stop fogging up the windows. We're almost there." Prim sat back down in her seat with a small blush of embarrassment. She shook her head lightly and I held my laugh. "Who's gonna to pick us up at the train station?" That was a good question. The last I had heard from momma was that she had made it safely her friend's house, the Mellarks two weeks ago. She had met up with Gale a couple days ago, whom had moved there two years ago. She was pretty good within the last two weeks to keep up with us on what was happening with her. Momma was finally working and better. She no longer faded into the abyss of her own mind since she had people to take care of now. We had to make due within the two weeks she left us alone in Mississippi but I did the hunting and Prim for the most part cooked till we got everything squared away for our move. Momma called yesterday and she had mentioned that she would find someone to pick us up, but that was 24 hours ago and there was no way to know except leaving it as a surprise. I hated surprises. "I don't know little duck. It may be the Mellarks or Gale. I guess we'll see when we get there." I gave her a forced reassuring smile to ease her tension. "You really need to stop calling me little duck. It's getting embarrassing." Prim sighed as she twirled her blond locks around her finger. I smiled at her defiance with a little of my own. I leaned in close and scrunched my nose like a hog trying to keep down the smile that was tugging on my lips. "Never." I replied as I stuck out my tongue at her in which she responded in kind. A few folks next to us gave us a glare that could freeze the flames from hell but I didn't care. "Final destination, New Union Station." The conductor called out as he made his way to the front of the train. I looked outside the window at the city of Chicago with a final sigh. "Come on Prim lets get our bags." She nodded with newfound energy that I was just lacking. "I can't wait to see the station. You know it was just built just a year ago ain't that just swell?" I rolled my eyes at her excitement. Behind her back of course. "Yeah, just swell." My voice oozed with sarcasm. She turned back around and pursed her lips at me. Her eyes narrowing as she stared at me with conviction. "Might as well make the most of it. We're already here." She was right. There was nothing I could do about it now. I nodded back to her as her lips curled into a sly smile. "How'd ya get so smart?" I asked as I patted her hair tenderly. She scoffed back at me and I couldn't help but laugh. Maybe I needed to loosen up but I sure was going to miss them trees. I whistled as I looked up inside Union station, I know, it was probably the worst thing to do as a girl but, oh hell, it was just... huge. I knew Prim's eyes mimicked mine, wide with wonder, though she was more lady like about it and kept her trap shut. Prim grabbed the edge of the bow on my dress and tugged lightly. I looked over at her breaking away from the trance of the glass ceiling. "Come on lets get out and see the city!" She held her bags and pointed to the large set of glittering marble stairs between the large two columns into another set of glass that lead to the outside. These city folk sure love their glass it seems. I nodded as she grabbed my hand and pulled me up the stairs and through the doors into the bright light. "WOW." Prim gushed. I had to agree wordlessly. The city was a lot bigger than I had thought and so much more than our little town in the seam of Mississippi. The air however smelled like shit though. I scrunched my nose as the foul smell permeated into my bones. "Well, ain't this a sight for sore eyes. Catnip in a dress who knew even you could get all dolled up." A dark voice called out to me and even though it had been two years I knew that voice, even if he had more of a city slang over his British accent to it now. One Prim was so fascinated on picking up as of late. I really shouldn't have let her listen to all them radio shows. I rolled my eyes with exaggeration and glared at Gale. He stood there hands in his pockets with a wide smile over his scruffy chiseled features. His brown hair peaking from under his cap and his grey eyes sparkled like the stars, I had to admit the fella looked pretty sheik now, or so the northerners would say. "Ain't you lookin' all spiffy like. Looks like the city life sits well with ya." I couldn't help to be a little sore that he left, even though it was wrong of me. His papa and mine were in the war together and we were neighbors. Well, as neighbors as you could be in the country but we had grown up together. We were damn close for the longest till Gale's family had moved two years ago after his papa died with mine in the mine blast. Said he had to take care of them and his uncle had told him there was better money in Chicago right now. Gale just shrugged his shoulders with a wide smile. He had learned to roll whatever I said off his shoulders, probably for the best. "God I missed you. Most dolls here are dumb dora flappers or those with higher agendas, like being gold diggers. No spice you know?" I could feel a faint blush rise to my cheeks as he said he missed me. I coughed a little as I saw Prim eye me with a sly wink. She was 14 going on 20 that brain of hers. He looked over at Prim and nodded with a small wink. "Well I'll be. Prim, ain't you just growing up to be just the bee's knees." Prim gave her award winning smile and curtsied. My brow raised like something fierce at his words and my hand raised into a fist. "You start eyeing on Prim and it'll be strait to the kisser Gale." I threatened. Granted, it was all talk since I knew Gale only saw Prim as his sister. He chuckled heartily at my threat knowing it was all bark with no bite. "Ok ladies lets get you to your new... home ." I couldn't help but notice as Gale's tone fell flat at the word home through clenched teeth. He obviously didn't like that we were going to stay with the Mellark's, though I didn't have the slightest clue on why. Gale grabbed our bags prying them from my fingers. "No, Gale..." Gale cut me off with a small 'tsk as he ignored my protests. "Now what kinda gentleman would I be if I forced two ladies to carry their own bags." He asked as he closed the back door after Prim had took her seat. He opened my door and smiled. "Gentleman my ass, I ain't weak Gale." "I know." "But..." Gale shot me a look that screamed 'Really it's done let it go.' I rolled my eyes and the small creeping smile on his face meant he knew he had just won. I sighed as I climbed up, sat in the front seat and closed the door behind me before Gale could. He chuckled at my small act of defiance. "It's good to see you again Catnip." Gale stated as he leaned in on the car door and stared at me with a small smile and a sparkle in his grey eyes. I could feel the tips of my ears heat up from his tone. "Ugh, please just for all that is holy please stop." Prim called out from the back seat I couldn't see her face but I was sure that she was rolling her eyes. Gale's cheeks spotted pink as he shifted his gaze in embarrassment. Not like I was any better than he, I could probably fry and egg off the heat radiating from my face. He lifted his finger to say something but just shook his head, lowered his hand, and walked to the other side into the drivers seat. He started the car, shifted the gear and with a small jerk we were on our way to our new home. Prim oohed and ahhed behind us as she gawked at the buildings that passed but in the front seat there was just dead, awkward silence between me and Gale. "So, how're the family?" I asked trying to ease the awkward silence that had formed. "All copacetic. Mother and the ankle biters are fine but the bread and butter ain't nothing to sing about. Me being a bobbie n all, but it gets the job done. Our uncle owns an inn down in Cicero so he helps out when he can." He shrugged a little. "I keep them fed and happy, it's all I can do. What about you? Still hunting?" Gale glanced over at me before he looked back to the road. I laughed as I turned in my seat and looked at him square. "I was, though it's