Summary: After a long struggle to come to terms with Éowyn's tragic death, Faramir's dreams continue to haunt him each night. Although Aragorn promises to teach Faramir to control his dreams, the nightmares refuse to go away… Sequel to "Shattered." Disclaimer: I do not now nor will I ever possess the brilliance that was John Ronald Reuel Tolkien's. As such, I make no claim upon the characters, plot, or non-English languages depicted here that belong to him. Into Shadow Chapter I – Without Her The Council of Gondor was in session, and once again Faramir's mind was elsewhere. From the corner of his eye, Aragorn recognized the signs of distractedness in his Steward and felt the familiar tug of pity at his heart. Ever since Éowyn's death, Faramir had struggled to focus on even the simplest of tasks. It was the mark she had left on him, a mark that Aragorn knew no amount of healing was likely to cure. Aragorn saw, however, that the other lords were beginning to take notice of Faramir's inattentiveness. He exchanged a meaningful glance with Elphir, who then leaned over to stir Faramir. "Faramir." Elphir's gentle hand roused Faramir from his private thoughts, and he looked up with a frown. He had not realized that anything of importance was being said. Had his awareness wandered from him again so easily? "Are you with us?" murmured Elphir. Faramir shrugged his cousin's hand from his shoulder and straightened in his seat, but, much to Elphir's chagrin, he gave no answer. Faramir had always been a quiet man, but now he spoke scarcely more than a few short words in a day—only what was required to carry out his duties. Today he was worse than usual, and both Elphir and Aragorn could sense that something was amiss. "Prince Faramir, you do not look well," observed Lord Orodreth gently. "Perhaps 'twere better if the Council were adjourned for the afternoon…?" Faramir looked askance towards Orodreth, at a loss for words. Finally he conjured the courtesy to reply, "I am well, Lord Orodreth. Thank you for your concern." Softly enough for only Faramir to hear, Elphir muttered, "He is right. You look pale…" "I am no paler today than I was yesterday or the day before," Faramir quipped. Elphir immediately silenced himself and sat back in his chair. Faramir's uncharacteristic lack of patience over the last few months since Éowyn's death continued to shock him, no matter how many times Faramir had snapped at him since the tragedy. He hated to say it, but there were certain days when Elphir began to see more of Denethor's demeanor in Faramir than he cared to acknowledge. "I believe our business here is nearly concluded, on any account." Aragorn's eyes scanned the panel of nobility seated at the Council table before him. "Lord Glosfalath has proposed a plan to invade Khand on behalf of the Haradrim, our allies, who have suffered raids from the Variags in recent months. Unless someone intends to present a counter-argument against him, I believe this council is adjourned until tomorrow, when we shall deliberate and vote on the matter." Aragorn paused to allow any willing to stand up to debate with Glosfalath. Privately, he wished that someone would offer. He loathed to hear Glosfalath's often inflated and biased opinions go uncontested in his Council. "Anyone? No?" The lords were beginning to make their farewells and part their own separate ways when Faramir stood from his seat bearing an expression of great weariness and tedium. "My good Lord Glosfalath, with all due respect, it is a plan wrought of absurdity and demonstrates a total lack of consideration for the consequences of Gondor's interference in the region of Khand," said Faramir. The lords slowly fell silent and, seeming a little disgruntled, settled back down into their seats. Glosfalath's smug air fell away as the Steward spoke. Aragorn smiled. "Firstly, the Variags are experienced warriors with a long history in the area east of Mordor. You suggest launching a frontal assault upon the borders of Khand. If this were carried out, your armies would be laid to waste within a matter of weeks. Secondly, the Haradrim are an extremely proud and territorial race. Regardless of the fact that we are their allies, they will see any interference in the area as an insult to their honor and a threat to their claim of Khand. They wish to see the heads of the Variags on their own spears, not on ours. Thirdly, the Variags have many close ties to the servants of Mordor, whom we granted the lands of Nurn to have as their own. If we engage the Variags in war, our allies within Mordor itself will be angered by our intervention and may join with the forces in Khand, losing us a valuable ally in Mordor and threatening the relative peace that has reigned there since the fall of the Barad-dûr." Faramir gathered his sparse notes, his quill, and several books under his arm and proceeded towards the door. Before he left, he turned back and looked straight at Lord Glosfalath. "Fourthly, I personally have seen enough of death and war. Haven't you?" The door opened and closed again silently, leaving the Lords of Gondor staring in wonder and struggling to digest the counter-argument Faramir had so eloquently presented. Aragorn rose and followed after Faramir, catching up to him several paces down the hall from the Council Chambers. "I must thank you for speaking out as you did," said Aragorn candidly. "As usual, you managed to translate my muddled sentiments into articulate words." Faramir waved away Aragorn's praise absentmindedly. "You speak as though I had just hypnotized a host of dragons with a speech wrought of silver tongues. My words were hardly such. It is merely common sense. Unless the rocks in their heads are as dense as those in Lord Glosfalath's, the other lords will listen." As long as he had known Faramir, Aragorn had been continually surprised by his young Steward. Faramir was not only a soldier but also a brilliant scholar, a political genius. Yet he seemed only bored and wearied by his talent. He had said more just now before the Council than he had in the last four months together, and he appeared to be drained by it, as if it had sapped him of his energy merely to speak. "Faramir, I wish you would not try to keep secrets from me," said Aragorn. He was striding very quickly to keep up with Faramir's brisk walk. "You are distracted, you are unfocused, and you are exhausted. What is it that weighs on your mind so? I would have you tell me, as you know I will listen." "I know you would listen, Elessar, if there was aught for me to say." "Elessar? When did you start calling me Elessar?" Frowning, Aragorn pivoted to stand directly in Faramir's path, stopping him in mid-step. "You need not put up a façade to placate me, Faramir. I promised you that I would help you through this, but I cannot do so if you do not come to me when you are troubled." "I am not 'troubled,'" Faramir argued sharply. "To be forthright, I did not realize that my state of mind had become a topic of public discussion." "Likewise, I did not realize that our friendship was defined by the nuances of public discussion," Aragorn returned, his tone sharper still. "The lords who sit back in that room may have a political agenda to fulfill by bringing up the condition of your health, but I do not. Now, tell me what has been on your mind." Embarrassed, Faramir bowed his head. "Forgive me, Aragorn… I spoke unfairly." Drawing in a deep breath, at last he began to answer his friend's questions. "Everything you have been teaching me, everything you have advised me to do… None of it is helping. I still see her face in my dreams every night. Still I am haunted by the sound of her voice… When will I know that any of it is working?" "Faramir, I told you that this would not be easy," Aragorn replied. "Your gift has been repressed for so long that undoing the way in which your mind deals with it will take some time. I do not and cannot make any promises of how long it would take." "Is there nothing you can do?" Faramir entreated him. "I cannot go on living like this for much longer. I barely sleep; I lie awake in the dark and wait for the morning. When I do sleep, I dream of her …" He turned away shook his head. "The constant fight is wearing me down. I am so tired…" Only one remedy held even a small chance of easing Faramir's sleep, and it was one that was held in reverence among the halls of the Elvenfolk. No human had ever attempted it, and it was a process both difficult and dangerous. Yet compassion and pity for Faramir made Aragorn give it consideration, although normally he would never have done so. "There is one thing I can try, but I cannot guarantee that it will be successful." Faramir's face almost visibly lifted with hope. "I would be grateful for anything you can do, mellon nin ." "Then tonight, when you sleep, I will watch over you," Aragorn explained. "If I focus enough of my mental energy on you, I should be able to redirect your dreams so that you can sleep soundly. Depending on how much of my energy the process requires, I may or may not be successful." "You have never done this before, then." It was a statement, not a question. Faramir's frown was dubious. "Please, Aragorn, do not risk your well-being on my account. I can manage on my own, as I have all my life." "It is true that I have never attempted this particular process," admitted Aragorn. "But I know that it can be done, for Lord Elrond often used it to shield me from dreams in my childhood—dreams that I was not ready to see." "What dreams?" "Let us not speak of it." Faramir paused. "I appreciate all that you are offering to do for me, Aragorn, but I fear that I am being unfair by asking so much. I do not wish to take advantage of our friendship for my own selfish reasons." "Nonsense," said Aragorn. "I offered my friendship as a promise to do everything in my power to help you. If I have the ability to spare you from your dark dreams, even for one night, then I shall do so gladly." "Is there nothing I can do for you in return?" asked Faramir. Aragorn smiled. As unassuming as Faramir had always been, Aragorn was still surprised when the Steward behaved as though he owed Aragorn some ransom or price. "The promise of my friendship is also given without expecting anything in return." Faramir stared calmly at Aragorn for several moments before he finally spoke again. "It is so much to ask…and yet… Will you? Even a single night's sleep without nightmares would refresh me." Aragorn saw the fatigue behind Faramir's eyes, and all doubt faded away. "Yes, Faramir. I will do as I have said." Faramir clapped Aragorn's shoulder in embrace and gave him a smile full of gratitude. "Thank you, my friend. It means a lot to me. Tonight, then? Well, we shall see. We shall see…" Faramir bid a respectful farewell to Aragorn before hastening down to the hall to finish his paperwork in his office. Sleep without nightmares… It was such a lovely thought that Faramir found that he was smiling to himself. A fresh blossom of simbelmyne sat in a glass vase on Faramir's desk, white as snow and scented like a wind-swept plain. Éowyn's grave was covered with the beautiful flowers. It was spring now. Everything in the world seemed to be blooming fresh again,