Chapter One: Moving In "Hurry, hurry, hurry!" Annabeth exclaimed, jumping out of the back seat and running over to the booth. "Dad, come on!" She could see her father rolling his eyes from the corner of her own, but laughing all the while. "Annabeth, we're in no rush," he said fondly. "We are!" She insisted. "Because if we don't get there soon, then we'll be stuck in crowds of parents and children and I don't want to say goodbye while squishing against someone else's dad! Come on, I want to do it this morning. Also, I have Piper on hold and I don't want to leave her there too long." Dr Chase sighed. "I hadn't even thought about saying goodbye yet," he admitted, suddenly looking down. "Aw, I know it's sad, but don't think about it now," Annabeth said, her face falling for only a second before she returned to her optimistic, busy-bee state. She threw the trunk open and handed the first box to her dad. "Besides, we're not really allowed to park on the highway." "We'll worry about that later," chimed in Annabeth's step mother, who handed some of her smaller boxes to Bobby and Matthew. "Come on, where's this place too?" Annabeth tried not to be worried about how excited her step mother was about her finally going off to college, and instead focused on making sure nobody asked them what they were doing on the side of the highway. However, before she could put into motion any plans she had of hiding them, another car pulled up near hers. She squeaked a little and dropped the box she was holding waited for only a second for Percy to climb out of the car before jogging towards him with a skip in her step. She threw her arms around his shoulders and kissed him, before he could even register her presence. He wrapped his arms around her waist and held her there for a second before a loud coughing interrupted them. "Sorry Dad," Annabeth said, pulling away from Percy and looking over his shoulder. "Hi, Sally! Hey, Paul." She gave Sally a quick one-armed hug before going back to pick up her boxes. "Come on, we should be getting inside before the other mortal parents get here and clog up this highway." "Good idea," Percy agreed, taking one of the heavier boxes away before Sally could even try to lift it. "Dad, phone please," Annabeth ordered. Her dad took her phone out of her jacket, took Piper off hold and placed it between her ear and her shoulder. "Hey Pipes, I'm back. When are you getting here?" There was a pause before Piper replied. "I don't know. Sometime later in the afternoon. Maybe I'll wait until tomorrow and drive down with Leo. I'm just… not ready to see Jason yet, you know? It's still so fresh." "It's been six weeks and a whole summer," Annabeth reminded her. "I mean, I know he was your first love and everything, but there's no time like the present. You can't put off college because of some boy." "I loved that boy," Piper reminded her. "I still do. And isn't love more important than academics?" Annabeth paused, leading her parents through the tunnel beneath the golden hills, avoiding the cars and heading to the service door. "Anne Bolyne thought only with her heart and got her head chopped off, so her daughter, Elizabeth, vowed never to marry a man. She married her country, and became the most powerful woman in the world." "No one wanted to marry her because she had a horrible skin condition," Piper added, making Annabeth roll her eyes. "She was the Queen, that wouldn't have mattered," she insisted. "Besides, that's not the point. The moral of the story is: forget boys. Keep your eye on the prize." "Says the one in a loving, long-term relationship," Piper contradicted. Annabeth laughed slightly and turned to admire Percy, who was talking to her step-mother. He caught Annabeth's eyes and winked, making her blush. That's what she loved about Percy. She was always so put-together and in-control, but Percy made her feel like… She couldn't explain it. She'd been with him for just over two years, and he still made her stomach flutter. "Are you ever going to tell me what happened with you and Jason?" Annabeth asked, focusing back on Piper. "One minute you loved him and the next you were flying off to California without even saying goodbye." "I'm not ready to talk about it yet," Piper said, with a sigh. "Get settled in, and I'll talk to you soon. Give Percy my love." "Will d-" She started, but was interrupted by the monotone of her phone. Piper had hung up. Great. Annabeth placed her box down by the door and tucked her phone into the pocket of her shorts. The two Roman guards on either side of the door looked her up and down but didn't let her through. "Seriously?" She asked, rolling her eyes. "You don't remember me? One of the seven?" "What's your business here?" The guard asked plainly. She paused before gesturing to the many boxes around her. "I'm here to kill the praetor," she said, sarcastically. "I bought my dad so he could watch. Oh, and we might pop into the college on the way." Before the guards could reply, Percy jogged up to them, his box discarded. "Hey guys, remember me? Yeah, these lot are cool. I vouch for them." "Yes, praetor," the guards said, respectively. "You're not praetor anymore," Annabeth reminded him, confused. Percy shrugged. "It's like the president. Even after you retire, you're still called President. It's a title." He left to go back to his stuff and the guards opened up the door so Annabeth and her family could walk in. On the first of September, every year, mortals were allowed into the city, to see their kids off to college. It was an emotional day throughout the city. Annabeth turned to Percy and smiled. The couple had been planning college since she found Percy in Camp Jupiter. Finally, they were there, walking onto campus with boxes and suitcases in hand. They kept looking at each other and Annabeth wanted to say something really sentimental and valuable. But when she thought about everything the couple had been through, and then thought about the fact that it was over, it was all over and they were settling down into a normal life at college – a college for Demigods, but whatever – all she could do was grin from ear-to-ear and burst out laughing. She remembered when Percy went missing, when she spent months looking for him, thought he had lost his memories of his, gone out of her own mind with worry. She remembered parting from him again to fight Arachne, a quest that only she could have undertaken. She remembered almost dying at the spider's hand, before tricking her into falling into Tartarus. She remembered Percy refusing to let her go as Arachne dragged her down with her. She remembered travelling through Tartarus with Percy. The couple had made it out of Hell for God's sake! "We made it," she muttered, sighing. Percy was about to reply when Dr Chase interrupted him. "Annabeth, where's the dorm room?" Annabeth turned back to him, clearly struggling with one of her boxes. Yeah, she better get him to the dorm quick. "Mom, you good?" Percy called behind him. He and his step-dad, Paul Blofis, had taken most of the heavy boxes, being gentleman and everything, but Sally still had a pretty heavy box in her hands. There was a pause. "Emotionally or physically?" she called back. "Physically, first," Percy answered. "I'm good," she answered enthusiastically. "Emotionally... well I'm struggling a little." He smirked as he and Annabeth lead their parents to the actual college part of the city. When she saw it, Annabeth had expected it to be older. But this Rome was built fairly recently, so it was only a few decades old. It was a large, squared off area of the city, with cobblestone walkways lined with palm trees. There were countless brick and stone buildings, next to a collection of flats. Tall buildings all in neat rows, painted a light grey and brown, with lots of glass windows. Very modern-looking buildings, in different 'villages' for the students to live in. The first, entrance building was built like a small cathedral like thing, which included some lecture halls and the graduation hall. They walked through the front door of the building and found the elevators. Only one was free and both Annabeth and Percy couldn't fit into it with all of their stuff. "Do you want to go in first and we'll get the next one?" Annabeth offered. Percy looked torn between wanting to be a gentleman to Annabeth and wanting to be a gentleman to his mother. "We'll be quick," he said, kissing her on the cheek before grabbing the elevator. His mother and step-father got in with him and the doors closed as Percy smiled at his girlfriend. She smirked and turned back to her own family, who put their boxes down as they waited for the elevator. Her father was there, taking a lot of the luggage to protect his wife from the weight. "So…" she mused, beginning to feel tension in the air. "How are you possibly going to survive while I'm gone?" she asked, awkwardly laughing. Her father sniggered, remembering all the years he went without her. "No idea," he said. He smiled at her. "Are you going to be okay?" She shrugged. "I survived Hell, I'm sure college will be fine," she said. -0-0-0-0-0- Reyna brushed through her thick, black curly hair one more time before leaving it alone. She'd read somewhere to dress the way you intended to stay on your first day of college, but she intended never to look a hair out of place. In her line of work, if you looked slightly dishevelled, people began question your capability, and as a Latino woman, she didn't need any more doubts. She smiled slightly before walking over to her bed and slipping on her shoes – black ankle boots with little wooden heels – and throwing her leather jacket on. She looked professional in black, but approachable as well. She looked around for her bag and spotted Nico at her open door, ready to knock. "Hey," she greeted, smiling even wider. Nico had started staying with her in the guest bedroom of her praetor house. He didn't want to join a cohort since he wasn't there full-time, and since their little quest together, he'd grown to be like a little brother to her. So she'd made him up a bedroom of his own in her home, where he was always welcome. "Hey," he smiled – rare of him. "There's a little paparazzi outside, by the way. Ready to see you off to college. Some people can't actually believe it, so they're here to see for themselves." Reyna sighed. New Rome had one newspaper company which everyone bought from – aside from a couple gossip magazines about centurions mostly. Other than that, they were filled with outsiders' papers from the real world. She hadn't even thought of her story. "Fantastic," she grumbled, rolling her eyes. "Well, at least I look good today." "You should probably stick with that attitude, to be honest," Nico told her, approvingly. "I can't believe you're really going to do this. If you get an ulcer or a study-drug addiction though, don't say I didn't warn you." "Nico, New Rome is peaceful," she reminded him, standing up and grabbing her over-shoulder bag. "Everyone is working and training, the Gods are behaving themselves. This city practically runs itself. All I'm needed for is Senate Meetings and occasionally supervising the War Games." "Yeah, but you'll still put it before yourself," he added, shrugging. "You've done so for years. Perhaps it's time