Introduction "Driving home for christmas With a thousand memories" -Chris Rea (Driving Home for Christmas) "Hylla, I told you," Reyna exclaimed, her phone pressed to her ear as she ran around her bedroom, gathering items that belonged in her purse but had somehow gotten scattered all over her room. "We're not having you over for Christmas because we're not here for Christmas!" "Well change your plans," Hylla said on the other end of the line. "I'm your sister, Rey! You need to have me over for Christmas. It's a time for family and these people aren't your family!" "Hylla," Reyna scolded. "I'm kind of busy. Look, you came over for Thanksgiving and you'll be over for Easter. But for just this once, we're having a small Christmas at somebody else's home." She could almost hear Hylla rolling her eyes over the phone. "Fine. Merry Christmas then." "You too," Reyna said, straightening up for a minute. "I love you." "I love you, too," she heard Hylla say before hanging up. Reyna looked around the bedroom and sighed. The double bed was messy and clothes hung off furniture and lay crumpled on the floor. Reyna finished packing her handbag, one of life's necessities – however much she hated them, when she realised she was still in pyjama's. Flannel pants, tank top, and dark brown hair in a messy bun, the usual. The door opened and her better half walked in. "Black, two sugars," he said, handing her a large mug of coffee. "Bitter but still satisfying your secret sweet tooth." "Thank you," she said, taking the coffee. The couple had been married for eight years at that point, so they knew what each other liked. At the end of the war, the battle against Gaia won, Jason had kissed goodbye to Piper. He had been in love with her, but he simply wasn't ready to leave his home in New Rome. And Piper, having settled at Camp Half-Blood was not ready to move across the USA to be with him. Jason and Reyna had saved their friendship when they went of to the college of New Rome for a couple of four year courses. It took the first year for Jason to get over Piper. The second year for them both to develop feelings for each other all over again. And it wasn't to replace Piper or anything, it was something entirely new. In the third year, they fell in love. And after the fourth year, when they left college, they were engaged a year later. Now, eight years later, they were a perfectly happy couple. They had moved out of New Rome, but weren't too far. When Reyna fell pregnant, in their third year of marriage, the couple sat down and discussed options for their future. Their favourite was leaving camp so their daughter could get a normal education with other children. She would be sent off to camp to train when she was older. And it would most likely be Camp Half-Blood. They wanted to see their little girl all year round, and they couldn't if she was permanently at Camp Jupiter. Of course, they could move back there, but she would miss out on a teenage education. So instead, they would probably move closer to New York. "What time is it?" Reyna asked. Jason checked his watch. Their alarm clock had long since broken, so they kind of relied on Jason's watch. Or their phones, which weren't on yet. "Literally, one minute until 7am," he said. "Lydia's going to be a night mare to wake up." Reyna nodded. "If you do it, I'll make breakfast," she said, finishing the boiling hot coffee before putting it on the night stand and heading into the bathroom. Jason stayed outside and looked at himself in the mirror. "Okay, but can you pick her up from Pre-Kindergarten?" "If you drop her off," Reyna said. Jason wore a light blue shirt tucked into grey work pants. He neatened his blonde hair as he called to Reyna: "Deal." He went into the bedroom opposite theirs and woke their daughter, Lydia, up. "Is it a school day?" she complained as she sat up. She was only four and she already hated school. She rubbed her tired eyes and looked around her bedroom, which of course, was bright pink. "It is, sweetie," Jason said, lifting her out of bed and looking to find some clothes for her. Over the few years he had kind of figured out what he should dress his child in, although at first, Reyna changed every outfit he tried because it looked stupid. "But guess what?" he asked, changing her into a tiny pair of jeans and a purple jacket. "It is your last day before the Christmas holidays! Isn't that exciting?" "Is Santa going to get me everything I asked for?" she asked with a slight lisp. Jason paused. "He's sure going to try!" He left Lydia to her own devices for a while as he went back into his own room. Reyna was leaning against the door frame to the bathroom, fully dressed in dark jeans and a reddish pink blouse. She had grown to wearing heels which Jason loved. Her hair was in a neater, more mature bun than the messy morning one. She looked like she had very mixed emotions. "We need to talk," she said. "Okay, shoot," he said as he scrambled around for one of his folders. There was a pause. "Jason," she said, sternly. He turned to face her, wondering what the hell was up. She was looking very serious which made Jason very afraid. "We need to talk ." Finally he recognised that facial expression, the one she had only had once before and it took all of his willpower not to burst into laughter, to beam from ear to ear and dance around the room. "Wait," he said. "Is that... a yes." Reyna paused before breaking into a smile. "Yes!" she said, instantly knowing what he was talking about. "Yeah! It worked!" The couple ran into each others arms and Jason picked her up and spun her around before kissing her in rejoice. -0-0-0-0-0- Percy's hand stretched out from the warm comfort of his bed and slammed against the top of his alarm clock. He yawned, rolling over to face the ceiling and sighed. How many times had he pressed snooze on his alarm clock? It felt like a lot of times but it also felt like no time had passed. His hand stretched out, looking for Annabeth but she was nowhere to be found. Ugh. She would have left for work already. He didn't even open his eyes until he heard his bedroom door creek open and something pouncing onto his bed. "Daddy, Daddy," he son said, beginning to jump on the mattress. "Daddy do I have to go to school today?" Percy turned over and looked at his five-year-old son who seemed to have nothing better to do than bother him. "I don't know. What day is it?" "It's Thursday," he said. Percy paused. "Damn it!" He leapt out of bed and checked the clock. 08:11am. Great, his son had to leave for school in ten minutes. "Luke, go and get dressed," Percy ordered. He ran with his son into the other bedroom in their apartment in Manhattan. They were looking for somewhere bigger, but that was home at the moment. He rushed Luke into a tiny pair of jeans and a t-shirt before helping him into a tiny pair of shoes. He hurried him into the kitchen and poured him a bowl of chocolate cereal. "Daddy why do you get to stay in pyjama's?" Luke asked. Percy shrugged, looking down at his blue pyjama pants and grey t-shirt. "Because I'm a grown-up and we have certain privileges." He reached into the cupboard for his ADHD medication and washed it down with coffee, a combination that was probably dangerous under certain circumstances. "What's a privilege?" Luke asked. Percy was spared from answering by a sudden wail in the other room. "I'll tell you when you're older," he said before running into the third and last bedroom of the apartment that had been done up into a nursery for his baby daughter, Emma. He picked up his baby girl and carried her over to the kitchen before opening up some baby food and dumping her in the high chair. He fed her as quickly as she would eat before moving back to his son. He took the bowl of cereal from him and flung him under his arm, taking him to the door, where his coat and lunch box were hanging, already fixed out thanks to his wife. "Put your coat on," he ordered. "Daddy I don't want-" "Now," Percy said. Luke sighed before shrugging his padded blue coat on over his clothes. He held onto Emma as he hurried Luke downstairs to the car. He still wore pyjama's and no shoes as he strapped his kids in. His outfit was a mistake. Turns out, it had snowed over night, so Percy found himself hopping out to the car, his feet turning blue. Almost as soon as the engine started, his phone rang. He hooked it up the the car's speakers and answered it. "Hey, Honey," he cooed. "Did you just wake up?" Annabeth asked from the other end of the line. She sounded busy already. She ran an architectural company in New York, which was pretty amazing. She was the youngest person ever to run the place, and nobody there expected so much skill from a young, pretty blonde girl. "No," Percy snorted. "I've been up for hours. Taking Luke to Pre-Kindergarten now. Isn't that right, Lukey?" "We're in the car, Mommy," Luke yelled into the phone from the back seat. "Lukey, baby," Annabeth said from the phone. "How much time did you have to get ready this morning?" "Daddy was very fast," Luke said. "He got us ready in this many minutes." "How many fingers are you holding up?" "Five." Percy's face fell into his hands. "Yeah, okay, I woke up late," Percy said. "But I'm ADHD and have a lot of caffeine in me, so we're on top of everything." "Percy I gave you one job," Annabeth exclaimed, exasperated as Percy started driving. "Get the kids up, feed them, dress them, and get Luke to Pre-Kindergarten on time. Is that so hard?" "Well technically that's like, four jobs," he shrugged. "Seriously?" she asked. "You're going to question my maths? It is one job, Percy. It's called parenting! You know I have to be at work early in the morning-" "I know," Percy said, driving through the streets of New York. "Trust me, I'm on top of it. Have you packed for the vacation yet?" "You haven't?!" Annabeth exclaimed. Percy silently cursed himself. "I've started, I just need to finish," he lied, thinking about his empty suitcase at home. "Um... Have you packed for Luke and Emma or was I supposed to do that?" Annabeth just sighed. "Luckily I did that already. You really need to get it together, Percy. You're 31 and have two children." He rolled his eyes. "I know, I know. My phone's almost out of charge, so have a good day at work, and I'll see you later." Just as he said that his phone died. He pulled up outside Luke's Pre-Kindergarten and sent him inside. No way was he leaving that car without shoes unless it was to run inside and put them in hot water. "Looks like it's just you and me for the entire day," he said to his daughter, Emma. "What do you want to do?" She made a strange mushy sound. "Hm, I want to do that too," he nodded as he began driving home. She was almost a year old and he was still bloody carrying her everywhere. Little girl needed to learn how to walk. When they pulled up outside