A/N: So one day I was in a café in Debenhams and I had to chose between a muffin and chocolate cake and I thought 'What would my favourite Character do in this situation?' Then I decided that Reyna would probably pick something healthier but PIPER would eat a lot of chocolate, so that's how I came up with this idea. FLASHBACKS ARE IN ITALIC AND ARE NOT IN CHRONILOGICAL ORDER. Just saying. -Izzy Piper felt awful. No, 'awful' wasn't a big enough word. She felt… broken. She was running to the Zues Cabin of Camp Half-Blood, forcing back tears, begging herself not to cry. She couldn't cry. Not now. She couldn't feel bad; she couldn't make Jason feel guilty. Before she could even walk up to the door, she spotted Jason sat outside, on the steps of the cabin with a hot cup of coffee in his hands. He was in his pyjama's, like she was. His eyes were red, like hers was. They had both been crying. She gulped and walked up to him, sitting down next to him and being careful not to touch him. "You kissed Reyna," she sighed. " And you kissed Leo," he returned, not making eye contact with her. "Can we just… before we start this conversation, can we please just agree that we're both in the wrong here?" " Neither of us have a right to be mad at each other," Piper choked. "Jason… I'm not big on my heritage, but if being my mother's daughter taught me anything, it's that… this should have ended a long time ago." Jason looked at her, shocked, before nodding. "You're right. Piper McLean. I still love you, okay? But I'm not still… in love with you. I'm sorry, I had to say it eventually." " I don't think we've been in love for a long time," she said, remembering that night on the rooftop. The fake memory and the real one, the lack of music and the stars shining above them. "We just couldn't see it." " I keep lying to myself," he said, still not meeting her eyes. "To everyone around me, Pipes. I keep forcing myself to convince people, the world, myself, that everything's the same as it was. But it isn't. I'm just holding on to the past. I can't do that anymore, Piper." " We both agree," she said, nodding. She choked back another sob. "Then why can't we say it?" " Because we don't want it to be true," he said. "We can't keep lying to ourselves. I can't do this anymore, Piper." Her mind was instantly flooded with memories, definitions of the word 'this'. When she fell off the Grand Canyon and he flew in a caught her. When They sat on the grass and celebrated his birthday with cake. When they danced, every time they kissed, every laugh they shared, every time she ran into his arms. They had an epic love story. But every story had an ending. And this one just wasn't a happy one. -0-0-0-0-0- Piper was sick and tired of being Pregnant. Not for obvious reasons. Sure, the cramps and morning sickness was a pain, and no, having a baby kick you repeatedly wasn't the miraculous thing everybody made it out to be. That kind of hurt. She didn't care about the bump making her look bad, but it was very inconvenient when she was trying to do simple things like tie her shoes or pick something up. And it hurt her back. But these weren't the most annoying things about being pregnant. The most annoying thing, in her opinion, was everyone coming up to her and touching her bump. She was in Debenhams trying to buy some better running shoes at the Sports Direct section, so why was she randomly getting touched? Sometimes without warning! Some people would come up to her from behind and slip their hand on her bump! She had already broken three fingers in these situations and she didn't need to break anymore. But it was hard to keep her cool when she was stuck in an over-heated shop that played Taylor Swift's Shake It Off every other song instead of finding new ones, with employees that didn't know the difference between running and hiking. And she couldn't walk five steps without someone running up to her and asking when she was due, or if she needed anything, or randomly touching her stomach. When she was paying, she was on the verge of breaking when one woman came over and rubbed her stomach without asking, bending down to talk to it. Piper snapped. "Can you just not?" she said, her voice raising instantly as she pushed the woman's hand away. "Can you just not be here?" She felt bad about being rude, and maybe it was the pregnancy hormones making her so angry. But she was angry! "Piper?" someone said from nearby. Piper turned at the familiar sound, trying to put a face to the voice. She barely recognised the speaker. The toga was gone, the golden armour and the weapons. She wasn't wearing purple, for another thing. It was the braid that did it. The ebony braid was how Piper made the connection. After all these years, that hadn't changed. "Reyna!" Piper exclaimed, beginning to smile. Reyna was wearing a short black trench coat with tights underneath and high heeled shoes. Piper would never have guessed Reyna would be into high heels and tights, but she gave off a sought of professional look in them. Reyna was also smiling; which Piper had seen maybe twice before. They moved towards each other and Reyna managed to hug her without getting in the way of the bump. "Wow," Reyna said, looking down at where the baby was. "You must get tired of hearing this but… You're pregnant! Congratulations." "Thanks," Piper said, grinning. She wondered if, other than her bump, she looked too different. Her hair was neater than it had been when she was a teenager, but it was still messy. Her face had matured. She wore dark leggings, which were one of the only comfortable things left during her pregnancy, and a pair of brown leather boots. She wore a grey tunic that resembled a chunky knit jumper. "Sorry you had to see…" she gestured to the annoying lady who touched her, who was now looking at something on the shelves, "that." Reyna shrugged it off. "It's better to yell at them, trust me," Reyna said. "You yell at one, people see it, surprisingly they understand, and you get a lot less people coming up to you and touching you." "You sound like you would know," Piper said, paying for her stuff as she spoke to Reyna. Reyna nodded before pointing to where she had just been stood before walking a couple steps to Piper. There was a pushchair, a few chubby fists reaching up from under the hood. Piper gasped a little when she realised it was Reyna's before going over to have a closer look. "What's his name?" Piper asked, somehow being able to tell the baby was a boy. "Nate," Reyna answered. The cashier put Piper's bag on the table and Reyna took it for her. "It's short for Nathaniel." Piper was about to say something when she was interrupted by a large growl in her stomach. She sighed and Reyna laughed. "This baby's making me hungry 24/7," Piper complained. "Can we get something to eat?" The top floor of Debenhams was shared by Sports Direct and a small, but quality café. Reyna nodded and handed Piper her shopping bag, taking the pushchair back and steering it over to the café. It was one of those places where you filled up a tray of food, like a buffet, before taking it over to the main counter to pay. Reyna took an apple crumble slice and ordered a latte, but Piper, who was eating for two, had taken a chocolate muffin, a slice of cake, two cookies, a piece of fruit toast, a cheese panini and a hot chocolate with whipped cream, cocoa powder and a flake. Reyna just rolled her eyes as she paid. The staff were pretty informal and very friendly. The café, being in the middle of a shop, wasn't very quiet; it had hardwood floors and tables of all different shapes and sizes. All chairs were either purple or green and the walls were decorated with black and white photography, with one thing in each picture coloured in either purple or green. There were a lot of tables, but it was still hard for the two women to find one that was free. They sat across from each other and made themselves comfortable. "So how come I've never seen you around here before?" Piper asked. -0-0-0-0-0- They all attended the God's annual Winter Solstice party, one that only Annabeth and Percy had attended before, out of their little group. Piper and Jason had officially split up, and both of them were too unhappy to really move on from it. Neither had plucked up the courage to do what they broke up to do. Start a relationship with Leo and Reyna. Leo and Reyna were happy to wait. They knew Piper and Jason just needed some time to mourn the old, broken relationship and move on. The party was pretty cool. There were laser lights covering the floor, and Reyna wondered why it was so modernized. There were wind spirits and nymphs running around with platters of food and even a punch bowl filled with red wine, curtesy of Dionysus. " How does anyone, ever seem to move on?" Jason asked. He stood with Reyna near the punch bowl, as a fast, upbeat song played around the dance floor. " Well," Reyna said, looking at her best friend being all gloomy and upset and watching it bring her own mood down, "first of all, you need to actually have some fun. You know, instead of being so utterly miserable all the time. Try to loosen up." " Great advice," Jason grumbled. He turned and smiled sadly at Reyna. "Thank you for putting up with me. Hey look, it's our song." Reyna actually sniggered. Guns'N'Roses Sweet Child O'Mine was hardly their song. It had been playing on the radio of a bus one time, when they were travelling home from their first quest. They were 13 and had fallen asleep on each other. Now, whenever that song came on, they grinned. " Forget the song," she said. "You are at a party full of pretty nymphs. You're single and you're… well, you! Now's the time to be dancing and having fun." He gave her a slightly tired, but grateful look. She had always been there to cheer him up before, as his old friend. Whenever he was sad, it was always Reyna he turned to, Reyna was his sunshine when skies were grey. " So you think I should just, throw some girl over my shoulder, take her out onto the dance floor?" he asked. "Is that your definition of fun?" " Take your own advice," she said. "Do that. You deserve to have a great night." He nodded, taking it into consideration. He pretended to look around the setting for a dance partner, before picking Reyna up and throwing her over his shoulder, walking out onto the dance floor. She laughed and hit his back. "I didn't mean me!" " But it's our song!" he laughed right back, putting her down on the floor. She punched his shoulder but didn't refuse him the dance. -0-0-0-0-0- "Jason and I just moved here," Reyna answered. She had shrugged off her coat and she was wearing a black dress, with a tight torso and a thick brown belt around her waist. It had a loose skirt and a boat collar. It had tight sleeves that came to her elbows and he looked like she was taking a