AN: I know this has been done before. Believe me, I am aware this this is not a new, original or creative fanfiction idea in anyway. But I'm going to do it differently so don't judge me! To make it DIFFERENT from other fanfictions that swap Reyna and Annabeth instead of Percy and Jason, I decided to make a bunch of changes, instead of just one. So more things will be different. Like, a lot of things. And some of those things you won't even want me to change, but I'm going to change anyway. Endgames are unknown, and there might not even BE endgames tbh, but more ships will be explored. (Basically, if you specifically dislike Jeyna or Liper, this may not be for you. There will be Jiper as well, and MAYBE Caleo but idk). Plus, I'm gonna give Solangelo more build up. Or, and more Grover and more Rachel. Anyway, enjoy. - Izzy Chapter One When Reyna woke up, she didn't remember who she was. She sat at the back of a school bus, that was shaking slightly as it sped down a long, straight road, at a speed that she was sure wasn't legal. Especially for a school bus. Kids sat in the rows ahead, all around her age. Fifteen? Sixteen? Okay, that was weird. She didn't even know her own age. To her left, sat a boy, with his feet against the back of the seat in front of him. He was fiddling with a few pipe-cleaners, and disregarding Reyna. But they were the only two at the back of the bus. He looked like a Latino Santa's Elf, with curly brown hair. He was scrawny, and probably about the same height as her. He wore a grey t-shirt and jeans. Pretty normal. "Um, hi?" Reyna mused, her voice croaky as she blinked the sunlight out of her eyes. "Hey," the boy said, casually. "Who are you?" Reyna asked, quickly. She felt this nagging feeling in the pit of her stomach. Her instincts were telling her she shouldn't be there. She needed to get out. Now. But the bus was moving too quickly and they were in the middle of nowhere, so she settled for shoving a window open. "Your Mom," the boy replied, shrugging slightly. "I've been meaning to tell you for a while, but…" He trailed off when he saw Reyna glare at him. "Who are you?" He asked. "And is this A) Roleplay, B) Guess Who, or C) Amnesia?" Reyna knew he was joking, but she still figured that C was the right answer. "Where are we going?" She asked, trying to look out of the window for any sign of civilization. Either they were going on a school trip to the middle of nowhere, or there was some form of cult sacrifice, and since she couldn't spot any volcanoes in the area, she wondered if they were going to be burned at the stake. "I have no idea; I thought you knew." Leo flicked his eyes at her, smirking slightly. "Hey, maybe the driver knows. Hm. Probably not. Oh well. I hope it's nice when we get there." Reyna just blinked. Leo rolled his eyes. "The Grand Canyon, Rey. Remember?" "No," she admitted, blankly. "That's the problem." Leo tried to say something in reply, but Reyna had stopped listening. She checked her person, trying to figure out if she was safe enough. She had a pair of dark grey jeans with slight rips in the knees. She wore a faded purple t-shirt with flecks of gold from a long-ruined print. There was a black rucksack at her feet, which she opened up to look inside. There was a school book for Maths, with someone else's name on, and a grey winter coat. There was a full water bottle, but that was it. She felt something on her thigh. It was thin, and not noticeable through her jeans, which was surprising since they were pretty tight. She reached for the edge of her pants and found a handle under her t-shirt. She pulled it, producing a gold dagger, about the size of her forearm. It was thin and sharp, and made Leo jump. "Jesus, Rey!" He exclaimed. "Why'd you bring that?!" "I have no idea," she replied, tucking it back into the hidden sheath before anyone else on the bus noticed. "Do you have any food?" She asked. She noticed something. She was thinking in a different language to the one she was speaking. She had to think to translate everything that she said. Spanish, maybe? Was she from Spain? Considering all the kids on the bus were speaking English, she figured it was lucky she hadn't forgotten her second language. Leo opened his bag and Reyna peered over his shoulder to look inside. One balled up piece of homework, about a billion little nuts and bolts, pipe cleaners, wires, a wrench, a corkscrew and a broken pen. All the fixing-themed things in his bag, and his pen was still snapped and leaking. He dug around in a separate pocket before pulling out a bag of marshmallows and Oreos. "Always," he replied, handing them to her. "Thanks," she muttered, stuffing them into her own back before standing up. "Hey, you can't have all!" He protested, but she'd stopped listening. She was walking to the front of the bus, slinging the back over her shoulder as she went. She was about to reach the front as well, when someone grabbed her arm. She whipped around, ready to break a few fingers, but she couldn't when she saw the look of innocence on the girl's face. She was a little shorter than Reyna was, with thick, choppy hair, braided in little places. Her eyes seemed to keep changing colour and she looked very happily at Reyna, a grin on her face. "Rey," she grinned, showing off crystal-white teeth. "You got to come meet the new kid. His name is Brad, and he'd really cute. You two would so get along." She linked her arm through Reyna's as she led her to the middle of the bus with all the loud kids. "Look, I need to talk to the driver-" Reyna started. "Ssh," the girl silenced her. "I already bragged about you to him. He's so excited. I told him all this great stuff, and he likes you! Okay, so he's a Gemini, and he likes soccer and video games. Specifically Call of Duty. He's here because he hit his teacher in the face at his old school, but he claims he only did it because his teacher was being racist. His favourite colour is red, he likes girls with accents and he's got beautiful green eyes." Reyna paused, wanting to ask her who she was and what she wanted, and to make her let go so she could tell the driver to stop the bus, but instead, she said: "You said he was new." "He is," the girl mused, looking at her weirdly. "Then how do you know all that? Reyna asked. "I just had a conversation with him." "About zodiac signs?" The girl rolled her eyes. "God, Rey, you're such a Libra. Now come on! Potential boyfriend awaits!" Reyna's face fell when she finally realised the girl was trying to set her up with someone. She pulled her arm from the girls and offered a small smile. "Look, I'm kind of busy at the moment. Ask the weird kid at the back." The girl turned to look at Leo – who jumped down to the floor behind another seat to hide from her. "Who the hell is that?" The girl asked. Reyna didn't reply. She turned and headed back towards the driver, but the girl grabbed her arm again. They were in the small hall bit between the rows of seats. The popular kids were a little bit behind them, and other kids seemed too lost in headphones or phone games to pay attention to them. "Reyna, wait!" The girl exclaimed. Reyna shook her grip off immediately, but didn't walk away. "What's gotten into you?" Reyna paused before leaning in a little closer to the girl, and talking in rushed mutters. "I don't remember you," she told her. "I don't remember the weird kid – Leo – at the back. I don't remember this bus or these people. I don't even remember who I am. But I know I'm not supposed to be here, so excuse me because I need to talk to the driver." She stormed past the girl before she could grab her again and made her way to the front of the bus. The driver was already having a conversation with a student who looked around 18, and very out-of-place among the other kids. But he was still a student. The girl was giving her a little weird look from halfway down the bus, and Reyna realised she still didn't know her name, before remembering, with utmost politeness, that she didn't care. "Driver," Reyna greeted unhappily turning to the man behind the wheel. The older student was watching he strangely, as if surprised to see her there. "Sorry, this is important, can you…" she trailed off, expecting the kid to walk away, but he just kept staring at her. "Like, not be here?" She stressed. The student just blinked before shaking the look off. "I will not be here," the boy volunteered, stepping away. Reyna ignored him leaving until she realised what that look on his face had been. He hadn't recognised her. Oh. Maybe she wasn't supposed to be there after all. The driver turned to her with a questionable expression on his face. "If you're here to ask how long we'll be, it-" "No," Reyna interrupted, turning to watch the boy walking down the aisle. "Never mind. Sorry." She followed the boy only a few steps before grabbing his shoulder and turning him around to face her. He bleated like an annoyed farm animal at the surprise grab but he didn't shake her off. "You don't know me." It wasn't a question, but a statement. He paused, looking quickly around the bus to read other people's expressions. None of them seemed to think Reyna was out of place except for him. "Of course I do," he replied, laughing nervously, looking left. Reyna tried to remember if that meant he was lying. "Hey… you!" "What's my name?" Reyna challenged. The boy gulped. "If you don't remember your own name then I think we have a problem." "We do have a problem because I don't remember my own age," Reyna exaggerated. "I'm not supposed to be here but everyone remembers me, and you're the only one who doesn't, so unless you help me, we will have a whole other problem to worry about." The boy paused, looking around. He had brown stubble and warm eyes, but they were looking around wildly like a cornered animal. Reyna wondered if she was really that scary. "You're right," he said, eventually. He swept to one side and sat down in a spare seat, gesturing for Reyna to sit next to him. She did. "I don't know you. Are you the special package?" "The what?" She asked, looking around. Nobody paid them much attention, and nobody was really near them, so they could speak freely. "I got a message from Camp today, about a special package arriving," the boy explained. "I'm already watching two, so I figured it was an extraction squad. But then you show up, smelling of half-blood. You're not a monster, I've determined that. But if you just show up out of nowhere and everyone already knows who you are… that's something else." Reyna blinked. Half-bloods? Camp? Freaking monsters? Who was this guy and why was he speaking on code? "I literally remember my first name and my second language," she replied. "I don't know my age, my family, my anything. How am I supposed to know if I'm a special