Summary: When Legolas looses his bowPippin finds it for him so Legolas thanks him. Vaguely slashly fluff. R&R pretty please. Very first fic so please say nice things (unless it genuinely sucks and I'm just too full of myself to realize it) Disclaimer: This is Tolkien's sandbox. I'm just playing in it. Movie-Book?: its been almost 6 years since I read the book but I watch the movies almost once a week so we'll say movie even though these events took place in neither. *it goes back and forth from Legolas's POV to 3rd person so don't get confused* Thank You, Pippin. ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() A sense of futility had fallen over the Fellowship as we made our way back down Caradhras. Gandalf was not alert, he was distracted by some worry he would not share with us. Something he feared in Moria but did not dare speak for chance of discouraging Frodo. The way down is clear now. A deep crevice that ends in blackness follows our path for a time, and then we will be on solid ground again. Until then we must mind the hobbits, especially Peregrin, for fear they will fall in. We will be where we began our trek up the mountain in two days or less. From there we will venture beneath it. Redhorn is riddled with caves and deep ravines; there is much that could hide within them. The Misty Mountains are not deserted. Wild men, nomads, from Rohan roam these places. Something is not right. There are sounds here that do not belong to nature. "Aragorn! We must hurry!" By the time he's looked at me, it's too late. Men have come from the cliffs above. They're arrows are but crude wooden shards set aflame, I fire back but we are out numbered by nearly twenty. "Down the slopes quickly!" Gandalf cries. He and Gimli lead the hobbits under the steep sides for protection. I return fire and run (backwards) but they are advancing fast down the cliff face. "Duck, Legolas!" Boromir warns me and I fall flush with the ground. I leap quickly to my feet and in doing so catch the strap of my quiver on the cliff's edge. I am pulled over on to my back and nearly over the side. I urgently grasp for rock and find only air I toss my bow up and crawl back to the edge. Before I can reach it a gust of wind catches my bow and blows it over the side. I stop where I stand, frozen with shock. "Legolas run!" I do not know who screamed to me but they did it many times before I realized that I was being fired upon. I ran, without knowing it. Had I really just lost my bow? ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() They did not follow us; they only ran us off of their mountain then went back into their caves. We stopped beneath a protective overhang for the night and Gandalf allowed Sam to start a fire. I remember very little except of sitting next to my quiver feeling as though I'd lost an arm. Estel and Gimli tried to comfort me but I scarcely listened to them. "You may have mine" Estel offered to me "you have more skill with it anyway" It is not the same. I am useless without my bow. I have had it for centuries. It was so accustomed to my hand and arm that their outline had made an indention in the strong flexible wood of my homeland. I sat so lost in self pity that I did not notice the youngest hobbit staring at me. "Aragorn, I'm going to go and fill the canteens." And with that Peregrin Took left camp. ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() He knew perfectly well that if he was careful enough then no one would hear him. So Pippin walked on stealthy feet back up the mountain trail to where he'd seen the elf loose his bow. Pippin hadn't lied by the way; he did fill the canteens first then after arguing with himself for a few minutes decided that maybe if he could just see the bow he could go and tell Legolas so he could get it. There were no signs of the mountain men who had attacked them before but that didn't really mean anything. Pippin kept a sharp ear out for them, just in case. "Oh, you've got to do something" he told himself. Poor Legolas just looked so sad… if it had been him that had lost something so precious (no pun intended) then he was surely the elf would have tried to help him. Approaching the edge slowly, he looked over the side and saw a drop that must have reached into the mines below. "Legolas I'm sorry but I just don't think you're going to get it- wait a minute. It can't be. It is! Its! Ha Ha! I've foun-!" He stopped shouting abruptly when he remembered where he was. The bow was in fact there, down and far to the left, caught in a tree limb. The oak stood on a ledge right below him. "I can get down there easy" it seemed like only a simple jump into the branches. Pippin put the canteens down and sat on the edge of the cliff. He scooted forward slowly until he dropped into the leaves…head first. ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() Sam offered me some food, I only shook my head. He seemed a bit hurt but I took little notice. I was not trying to be cruel. I just… well I wasn't trying to be cruel. To think of all the things I'd been through with it to loose it now of all times when I would need it most. When Frodo would need it most. That's what I said to Frodo before the council of Elrond "and you have my bow". What did he have now but a dainty princeling? "Where's Pippin?" Merry said it looking around our campsite. "He went to fill the canteens" Aragorn answered him. Merry glanced at the setting sun. "That was almost an hour ago. It shouldn't take this long" "Fool of a Took" Gandalf muttered. "We do not have time for this!" Merry climbed a rock and looked up the trail. "Wait! He's coming! He's coming! It's alright." "Good" Boromir said as he sat back down. "Fool of a Took" Gandalf said again quietly. Merry stayed on the rock watching his cousin's approach. "Oh it can't be, it can't possibly be." The hobbit started laughing. "Aragorn!" he called "I believe my cousin has just entered formal competition with you" "What?" "He's vying for your status as Legolas's best friend" I looked over at Estel "What does he mean?" "Look" Merry pointed out up the trail. Aragorn looked where he pointed and "Legolas! Come here!" I stood and walked over to them and the others followed, now interested. For a moment I didn't understand, and then I saw what Pippin was holding for he held it up high over his head, waved and pointed to it. "He's got my bow!' I cried "He found my bow!" I leapt off the rock and ran down to where he now stood. I didn't even notice the state he was in; I just took my beloved weapon from him and held it hardly believing it was real. It was completely un-marred. Aragorn and Merry got to us first. Merry gasped "Pippin! You're all scratched up!" now that I did look at him, he was covered in many small cuts with some bruises beginning to darken here and there. Aragorn handled him gently, looking at his face. The others came up behind us and Frodo seemed upset by the look of his baby cousin. "How…how did you…get it- eh find it without those wild men seeing you?" "I'm alright" he told us pulling away from Estel and handing him the canteens. "I just went to see if it was really gone… you just seemed so sad" he looked at me and smiled a little. "Then when I did find it, it was right there in the tree below the ledge so… I…I just jumped down into branches tossed it up on to the side and then climbed back up. It was fine. There was no sign of those men from before." Gimli laughed a little "Gandalf you right, Hobbits really are amazing creatures." Sam being ever the voice of reason "Well if was that easy how did all that happen?" indicating the many little wounds. "and why didn't you just come get Legolas and let him get it himself?" "Because if I had, by the time he'd gotten back the wind would have blown it away and then it really would've been gone forever." Hearing that: "gone forever", I clutched my bow very glad to hold it again. Boromir seemed to sense an argument coming "Oh it doesn't matter now. The important thing is we have the hobbit and the bow back, let's just be happy we do" Until now I hadn't said anything but I realized that there was something I should say. "Thank you, Pippin" He looked at me and smiled as a small trickle of blood ran down the corner of his eye. "You're welcome Legolas." Merry patted his back and led him back to camp. "Come on Pip; let me put something on those." They followed them and only Estel and I were left behind. "That was very brave of him you know, hobbits are not accustomed to having their feet off the ground" Estel told me. "It was and I am very grateful that he did it but I do not understand why he did. I've hardly addressed him six sentences since we left Rivindell. Why would he risk his life to do something for me?" I asked him. For I did not understand. Elves are kind and fair but we are necessarily that empathetic. Had this happened in the Mirkwood even with my own brothers, they would not have done this for me, at least not without my asking. "It is just as he said my friend, you seemed sad. I'm sure the look in your eyes broke his young heart. Remember Pippin is still very much a child, nearly twenty years younger than Frodo. It would not have mattered if you had said nothing to him at all; you are still his friend in his eyes and hobbits care deeply for their friends, willing to do most anything for them. Look at Sam." I did and he was right. With that he smiled and left me thanking Samwise as he took a plate of browned meat and potatoes. Estel is much, much younger than me but still he is much wiser. I watch them all for a moment; Merry applies dabs of Gandalf's ointment to Pippin's scrapes being mindful of his little cousin's comfort. Even so, Pippin flinches. My precious (still no pun intended) bow seems less valuable to me now. That this brave young person would honor me with his friendship in such a way is an even greater gift. I must find a way to thank him. ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() I take the second watch that night after Gimli. He grumbles at me as I take his place and he finds his bed roll. The night is cool and quiet. The men in the mountains are visible only through an occasional wisp of black smoke against the clear white snow. It is amusing that we should fear to keep a fire at night that they might see us but we can see theirs. I sit with my back against the rock behind me with my bow and quiver at my side. Ready to draw and fire at a moments notice as any fine archer should be. It is silly of me I know but I squeeze my bow again. Hobbits can be very quite and barely noticeable when they want to be. I am very sure