Disclaimer: I do not own anything that sounds familiar to you. A/N: I hope you guys like the edited version. Not that I did much editing. I simply fixed my writing and added more things as needed. It should still be familiar to you guys. Brownie points for any of you who can spot the changes :) 'Why was I doing this again?' I thought as I sat in the car waiting for Phil to put my last bag in the trunk. Ah, Yes. My mom had recently remarried and I felt like a nuisance in her new life. Although she reassured me otherwise, I still wanted to leave. I couldn't handle her constant depression when Phil would leave for games and then her fake happiness when she thought I couldn't see her moping around. "Sorry your mom couldn't be here." Phil apologized as he started the car. "It's alright." I mumbled slumping in my seat. My mother had fought me on this to the very end. She had hoped Charlie wouldn't have agreed, but on the contrary he couldn't be any happier. We had spend the last couple of months talking on the phone planning my move. "You know she just worries." Phil said and I simply nodded. I already knew that and I knew why. I had barely confided in my mother that I thought I was gay. Despite having taken it very well, she worried. Even though she probably didn't have anything to worry about. I wasn't even sure about my sexuality to be honest. I've never really looked at a guy that way, but then again... I had never really looked at a girl that way either. 'Isn't that a bitch?' I thought bitterly just as I heard my mom's screams for Phil to stop the car. I quickly got out, just in time for her to embraced me. "Be safe." She whispered in my ear as she held me tighter, "If people give you crap over there you know you can always come back." She said as she stepped back and wiped her tears away. "Mom, it's going to be fine." I reassured her as I hugged her again. We were the same height, but sometimes, at moments like these she felt like a child in my arms. "It's a small town. I worry." She said. What did she think I was going to do? Go parading around saying I was gay? "I know." I said placing a kiss on her cheek. "Have a safe trip and don't forget to e-mail or call me once in a while." She said sternly and I smiled at her. "I will. I have to go now... Or I'll miss my flight." "In that case, how about some tea? I have your favorite already brewing on the stove." She said and I laughed. "Mom, I'll be fine. Trust me." "Okay." She said and sighed heavily before giving me a suffocation hug, "I love you." She said and placed a kiss on my cheek. "I love you, too." I said. "C'mon, the plane isn't going to wait for you." Phil said as he honked. "Go on. Get out of here." She said in a teasing manner, but her voice was too low. I gave her a faint smile and quickly got into the car. Looking at her figure disappear in the rear view mirror, I suddenly wished that she hadn't seen me off. I was starting to feel cold feet, but I bit on my bottom lip in an attempt to stop myself from telling Phil to turn the car around. It's not like I wasn't excited. I was going to be with my father. There was a thrill that I felt, but I knew that I would miss my home and most importantly my mother. The car ride was silent as I tried not to worry about her. She was my mother who I had taken care of before Phil came around. She forgot her keys if I didn't remind her where she put them. She would forget appointments unless I put sticky notes on the fridge. I made sure we ate and that nothing was forgotten. I always wondered how she would survive without me, but Phil had easily taken my job. "Here we are." Phil said as we reached the airport. "Now or never..." I whispered to myself and took in a deep breath. I grabbed my bags which weren't many. Two small suit cases and a duffel bag. I would have packed more, but all my clothes were mostly for the summer. They would be useless to me in Forks. "Hey sport..." Phil said, stopping me just as I walked away. "Yeah?" "Don't worry about your mom, okay?" He said. "I won't." "Thanks." He said and I simply nodded. He knew what I was doing. I was, in a weird way, giving her to him. I trusted him to take care of her. I was starting to feel emotional, but I held it in as I handed my passport and went through the metal detector. Sitting on the plane as it took off; I knew there was no turning back. My sunny home was now a mere memory of what once was. There was nothing to miss but my eccentric mother and her crazy mornings. Phil, I would miss as well even though we hadn't build a proper bond. He had always simply been my mom's boyfriend and I his girlfriend's son. We were a family though. We had dinners together and went out a lot. I loved that the most and that's what I would miss. I was leaving all that for Forks, Washington. It was the rainiest town in the country. I felt no regret. I was excited to once again be with my dad. I had stopped visiting him in Forks three years ago and now I was going back permanently. It was sort of terrifying as well. "Seat belts please. We are about to land." The flight attendant announced. Outside this plane's door my dad, Charlie, would be waiting for me. He would probably have his cruiser parked outside. I had seen him last summer and now mid-year into my junior year I was moving in. I had no friends to miss or friends who would miss me. My mom had practically been my best friend up until she got serious with Phil. I heard about her countless disaster dates and horrible guys who would try to hit on her. To any other teenager this would be gross, but I knew my mom. It was like she was my child sometimes. "Hey Vincencio!" My dad shouted as I stepped into the lobby. I groaned as people's heads turned. I hated my name. Who would name their child that? Vincencio . I hated even saying it in my head. "Hey." I said shyly walking over to him. "Did you have a safe trip?" He asked taking one of my suitcases. "Yeah." "How's your mother?" He asked. "She's fine. Her and Phil have a flight booked to Florida in a couple of weeks." I said. "Florida, that sounds like a good vacation." He said as we got to his car. "Yeah, she's trying to see if they can make it permanent though." "That's nice." He said as we had all my bags in the trunk. The rest of the car ride was silent. It wasn't awkward. It was just how we were. Two quiet guys who preferred silence over forced conversation. I guess you could blame that on the long distance relationship we had. "Hey, I got you a truck." He said enthusiastically as if he had forgotten. "You didn't have to..." I said genuinely surprised as I saw the welcome sign for Forks. "It's not a big deal. It's an old truck." "That's cool..." I mumbled making him laugh. "It looks better than it sounds." He said. "I'll take your word for it." I said. I vaguely remembered this route. The green forest and smell of wet dirt was not that appealing, but I didn't dislike it either. I liked the solidarity of this town. It was at least an hour away from everything else except a nearby beach. He used to take me there quite a lot when I was younger. I stopped wanting to go when I started feeling uncomfortable with my body. It's not like I was some great good-looking guy now, but I was decent. At least, I liked to think so. I wasn't tall and awkward looking like in my preteen years. I hadn't really grown much though; I stayed a short height of 5'6 since hitting puberty. "Oh, wow." I said looking at the red truck parked in the driveway. "Told ya." My dad said smugly as I got out admiring it. "It looks sick. Thanks," I said hugging him briefly before we got to unloading my bags. It wasn't long before I found myself in my room. Charlie had quickly left after placing the bags on my bed. My room hadn't changed since I was here three years ago. The bed sheets still had paw prints all over them. I liked my random green pillow as I laughed when I spotted it. The room was small, but still very cozy. I was tired, but I didn't like leaving things until the last minute. I quickly got to unpacking. I was a very organized person; most people would call it OCD though. "Hey, it's getting late. Shouldn't you be in bed?" My dad said walking into my room. "I'm done already. I just wanted everything put away." "Okay, well get to bed. Tomorrow is your first day of school." "I know. I'm just going to take a quick shower and go to bed." I said grabbing my towel and my bag with all my necessities. "Okay, just don't go to bed too late." He said before walking out. By the time I was back in bed I could already hear my dad's snoring from his room. Tomorrow was going to be a long day. How bad could it be? My night was restless. When the sun didn't wake me up, I knew that I was no longer in Phoenix. I was glad I had taken a shower yesterday, for some reason the weather made me feel lazy. I could feel the cold draft through my closed window. I preferred the cold over hot days any time, but I didn't like freezing my ass off either. I decided to dress warm, not that I had much of a decision. I wasn't very fashionable so I was glad to put on some gray jeans, a random t-shirt and placed a black hoodie over that. When I walked downstairs, I expected for Charlie to be there but he was already gone. Instead of dealing with breakfast, I grabbed an apple and hurried to my truck. I wanted to avoid the crowd of students and to do that I had to be there before them. I feared my truck wouldn't start because of the cold weather, but it was a trooper. It roared to life and I left for school. My dad said I would find it easily and I did. The school was only a mile down or so, I could have walked. The parking lot was practically empty besides my truck and a couple others. "Oh, you must be Vincencio." A lady said as she unlocked the office. I had been so early that the most of the faculty wasn't even here. I felt lame, but I was glad to have avoided the other students for now. "Please call me Cio." I said. "Okay. Well let me just get set here and I'll be right with you. Take a seat over there." She said as she directed me to an empty seat and walked behind the counter. I took a seat and waited for her to get ready. Watching