So, this is the official rewrite of A Girl Name Jack. I really hope you guys enjoy it and give me feed back so I know how you feel about it. This story has always been and while continue to be very, very book heavy - Trilogy and Similarion. I will be honest, it says romance but it's gonna be a looooooong time before it comes rolling into the story. So for now, enjoy the plot, characters and humor and I promised I'll bring some smooching along eventually. A Girl Named Jack Chapter 1 Of Names 1982 CE - June 17th A man passed back and forward in the maternity waiting room, his fists were balled in frustration. How long were they expecting to make him wait? It'd been over eight hours already. "Sit down, Jacob, you're giving me one hell of a headache." Capp Templite leaned heavily on his cane as he watched his youngest son pace. By his side, his wife stirred, setting her knitting on her lap. "Oh come now Capp, he's just stressed." "Stressed? I'll give you stressed woman. Try the beaches of Normandy – Why I,'" The door to the waiting room opened, saving the room from yet another war story. Jacob jumped from his chair and all but ran to the doctor's side. A heavy frown filled the elderly man's face as he saw the look on the doctor's pinched face, his eyes traveling to the blood staining the front of his scrubs. "Mr. Templite-" Jacob interrupted him, his entire body quivering. Capp knew how long his son had been waiting for this moment. "How's my son?" "...Sir, there's been some complications." Capp quickly stood and hobbled over to his son's side, leaning on his cane heavily. His son's face had lost his color. "Is my grandson alive?" Capp demanded. The strange look of unease past across the doctor's face again before he nodded quickly. "Well, yes-" Almost like a switch the color flooded back into Jacob's face. "And Lily?" The doctor sighed and crossed his arms. "Well sir, that's what I wanted to talk to you about. The birth was very difficult. You see, sometimes the baby gets twisted – it comes out the wrong way. If it had been a simple breech birth, we could most likely have saved her uterus. But the baby came in what's called a transverse position. That is, the baby is lying with its shoulders or back over the cervix - sideways. By the time we operated and got the baby out, there was so much damage we had no choice but to do an emergency hysterectomy. Without it, your wife probably would have bled to death." "Hysterectomy? You mean…she can't have anymore children?" The doctor nodded. "But the baby's alright?" "Yes, she's a healthy eight pounds, seven ounces." "A girl?" Jacob sputtered in disbelief. "It's a girl?" A small gasp escaped behind them and the soft clicking of Norma's knitting needles came to a halt. Capp took a deep breath through his nose before glazing at the end of his cane in discontent. By his side Jacob was still staring at the doctor, slow disbelief blooming into humiliation and then anger. The doctor looked between the two men, confusion clearly written all over his face. "Yes. Is that a problem?" Capp fought the urge to smack the doctor for the condescending tone he used. What a fool. A girl was completely useless, especially in modern times. But more then that, they needed Jacob's child to be a son, to keep the Templite line going strong and pure. After the 'incident' with his firstborn's traitorous wife, this pregnancy was to be the savior of their line. And now…now all the work that had gone into creating this child was wasted. "Everything is fine." Jacob said stiffly. "Has Lily named her yet?" "No. She told me to ask you for the name." "Take me to her." The doctor nodded before leading the small group to a small recovery room down the hall. The pale and sweaty woman perked up instantly upon seeing them and Capp was satisfied to see the shame that burned against her already crimson cheeks. Lily's eyes flashed to his face but she couldn't hold Capp's evaluating glare and instantly looked down to her clutched hands. Good. At least she knew they weren't pleased. "I'm so sorry, Jacob." Lily whispered softly, still staring at her hands. Jacob nodded before sitting by his wife's side and kissing her forehead. "Hush baby, it's not your fault." Capp felt an even deeper frown tug at his lips. Jacob was always so easy on his wife, he hardly ever disciplined her. He supposed he could not fault his son for being to kind hearted towards her, Norma had quite a pull on his own heart strings. Capp glanced around the empty room, before rounding on the doctor. "Where is it?" "I asked them to take her to the nursery." The doctor said, "I'll have a nurse fetch her." Lily looked up with a happy smile as Norma brushed her hair back. Capp watched as the two women interact. Childbirth was truly a woman's world and he felt it was about time the men left it. The nurse returned with the child and Capp found himself routed to the spot in curiosity. There was a soft patch of black hair and deep, dark blue eyes that stared around the room. Norma took the girl into her arms, cooing to her as she sat gently on the bed. She glanced at her son. "Jacob, hunny? Have you thought of a name?" Jacob leaned back and stared blankly at the child. Capp leaned on his cane, the wheels in his mind already turning as he watched his son struggle with a name. After a moment his son turned from the babe. "Jack. Name her Jack." The nurse with a small clipboard looked up and surprise, her pen hovering over the paper. "Do you mean…like…Jacklyn?" "No fool women," Jacob snapped, "I mean-" "Yes." Capp interrupted sharply. Appropriately cowed, his son stared at the infant in his wife's arms. "He means Jacklyn. Jacklyn Templite. That is her given name." The nurse flushed before writing Jacklyn down on the birth form. Capp watched in mild interest as the nurse's hands shook under his scrutiny. This situation would be tricky. It was going to be hard not to lose standing with the Families over this, but there were ways to manage it. Having a girl for you're first born was considered bad luck, especially in modern days. A girl child hadn't been a first born on the Templite lands since the eighteen hundreds. For the first time of many pregnancies, Capp wished he had opted for the ultra sound. The Families didn't believe in it, it was only ten years ago that they had even started going to hospitals to give birth, before then it was simply held in the home while the men worked the fields. Abortions were out of the question, all Templite blood was to be used. But they could have hidden the pregnancy, given the child up to the State. Still. It was a situation that could be managed. As an elder and a land holder in the Templite community, few would dare say their treacherous words to his face. Jacklyn would be an outcast, but that would be the way it had to be. She would be raised as a ward of their house and an alternate heir to their lands must be found. Capp could already feel his greedy cousin's breath on the back of his neck – they would see this an excuse to take his lands from him. But that would not happen. They were the first Templites. All the Families that lived on the colony could trace their ancestors back to his grandfather's grandfather. Capp would be damned if they would lose standing because of his son's mishap. He limped to his wife's side, staring down at his granddaughter with calculating eyes. "While unfortunate, this is a situation that is salvageable." Jacob started. "Father?" "We shall adopt." The incredulous look grew on Jacob's face but Capp knew his son wouldn't dare interrupt him. "It will do the colony good to get some fresh blood in. We can find a boy of the appropriate standards." And when the time comes, Capp continued mentally as he took the groggy child from his wife's arm and stared down into the dark, undecided blue eyes, we shall ensure a union that will present us with a more favorable result. Capp handed the baby to his daughter-in-law. "Until then, we shall endure." Doctor Frank Apella shook his head as he watched the scene unfold from the opposite side of the sound proof glass. Those Templites always freaked the hell out of him. He'd only moved to this area a few years ago and while they rarely ever came into the hospital, he dreaded every time he had to deal with them. A bunch of fucking loonies if you asked him. Cultists, given free reign to recruit and live off the land. They owned expansive tracks of land of which they farmed with little or no taxation and though their children went to public school, his son told him that their girls were extremely restricted in what they could wear. To quote him, 'It's like they came strolling in from back in time, I ain't seeing any leg dad, it's sad – some of those chicks are hot.' Unbelievable. He watched the men handle the child like it was not their own. The only love the baby seemed to be getting were from the women and even then it was a reserved touch, as if they were afraid whatever stigma the little one had would be passed onto them. He was still watching, wishing to hell he could call social services and convince them to take the child away, when Jill took the child back to the nursery. He followed suit, sharing a bizarre silence with the nurse that spoke volumes on how creeped out they both were by the situation. He stared at the baby, reading the name given to it with pressed lips. 'Jacklyn Templite.' Who knew what this kid's future held. The Templite's weren't exactly inbred but they did marry closely – outside of school and work their children had almost no contact with the real world. Women were repressed, treated like stock almost from what he had heard. What was going to become of little Jacklyn? The baby girl he had struggled almost two hours in surgery to save? Almost without thinking Dr. Apella stuck his pointer finger into the crib as the child burst into cries. A tiny hand grasped it and her cries stopped almost immediately at the contact. The little tiny form in pink made Frank's heart hurt and he stroked the child's stomach soothingly, trying to rid the bitter taste in his mouth. He felt an overwhelming need to call his wife, yet he couldn't bring himself to leave her just quite yet. "Good luck, little one." He murmured softly, "I think you're going to need it." Of Childhood 1985 CE - April 18th Jack watched quietly as her father lifted her older brother into his arms, twisting him around playfully in the air. She stood, awkward in her stiff, colorless cotton dress, her black hair shorn unusually short. Even at five she understood all to well her situation. She was an unwanted child, an untouchable one. It had been clear to her for as long as she could remember. While the other girls got to play and run with their brothers, Jack only did the endless list of chores her grandfather gave her. She could only watch her brother from afar. While the other girls had long, pretty hair that were in braids that made her burn with jealously, her hair was kept short,