I'll keep it simple 'cause I don't like loooooong a/n's myself. This is my first attempt at a fanfiction, so be gentle with me ;) It was an idea just begging to be set free, so...here we are. Enjoy, and I'll see you on the other side! Thunderous Quiet Prologue ~ Isabella Swan ~ My fingers flew over the keys, my eyes closed, breathing soft and silent. Music spilled from the piano with ease and a small smile spread across my face as the last note rang out in the room. Seconds later there was a click followed by muted cheering and yelling. My eyes slipped open and I turned, grinning at the happy faces through the glass. " Rockin' it, Bells! That was the best run yet. " Jai Tomlins, one of two sound engineers at the studio, held both his thumbs up and I couldn't help the relieved sigh that left me as I slumped slightly on the piano bench. This song, Microphone , had been driving us all mad since we started recording. We'd spent too long on other tracks trying to get them perfect that we didn't realize this one was still lacking. Like, really , lacking. So we got to work and we've spent the past three days almost non-stop playing, writing, jamming as much into the hours as we could. The guys in the booth start messing around with stuff, adding what I just played onto the bits we'd already done, so I stand up and shake my hair out of its ponytail, huffing tiredly as I guzzle some water. Damn freakin' Felix. If he hadn't gone back and told the label how far ahead we were we'd have another two months 'til we had to leave for the tour. Instead we had a two week warning to have everything done and packed ready to leave eight weeks early. There was some loud ass shouting in the office when he told us that, let me tell ya. As it is we fly out of Seattle on Thursday –in four days- and then we'll start our four month tour. Four weeks later our single is set to be released, followed by the album a few weeks after that. We'll be touring all over America, starting in Chicago and finishing up in New York. The bit I'm most excited about though is in April when we get to go to Dublin, Belfast and London. Until a year ago I'd never left the Pacific Northwest so when we got the rough itinerary a couple of days ago I just about screamed the place down in my excitement. It wasn't just me in my defense. Let me fill you in on the details a little bit. I'm Bella Swan, twenty years old and the lead vocalist in Breaking Dawn . My parents are Charlie and Renée Swan -he's the Chief of Police in our hometown, Forks, and she's a kindergarten teacher- and I have a twin brother called Alec. He loves to razz on me 'cause he was born one-freaking-minute before me. Gotta love the goof though. Back to the band. There's Jasper Whitlock, bassist and our main man when it comes to lyrics. He's wicked cool and -usually- the most laid back guy you'll ever meet. His long light brownish-blond hair adds to the vibe and everyone loves him. Then there's Emmett and Edward Cullen, brothers and the founders of Dawn . Em is the drummer and Edward's a bit of a dabbler although he mostly sings and plays guitar. Em is the older brother by less than a year, he has dark blond curly hair, big blue eyes, the biggest damn dimples ever and he's built like a linebacker. Seriously, the guy's pushing six-five and his arms are bigger than my legs. Edward's the opposite with his copper-penny scruffy 'do, green eyes, crooked grin and he's tall and lean with just the right amount of muscle unlike the gym-o-holic he's related to. Last but definitely not least is Rosalie Hale, Em's girlfriend. She's the guitarist and backing vocalist and she's my best friend on the whole planet. She's tall at five-eight with long, honey blonde hair, blue-almost violet eyes and a figure to die for. We're an odd bunch really, but we can damn sing and make music and that's why Starr Records love us. What's funny is I only joined after the others got signed. That's long story, I'll explain some other time. Right now Em and Jasper have just got back from Jasper's place. "You get everythin' packed up?" I ask with a smirk as they flop onto the sofa. "Bells, that shit's not fair. You've just been sittin' there," Em waves his paw around in the air towards me without looking away from the ceiling where he's staring up, "doin' your shit and we've been carryin' shit around." Jasper snickers and tosses me a wink, "hate to tell you Em but we ain't even finished. Still gotta do Ro and Bells' place tomorrow." Em groans and slams his fist onto the sofa as Jasper and I bust up laughing. " Urgh , fuckin' girls." "Love you too, Emmett." Rose glides into the room then with a wide grin and a wry tone. She sits on the piano bench beside me and turns to cock an eyebrow at her boyfriend. Needless to say he's looking very contrite right now. "I didn't mean it, Rosie, I just meant Bells!" I drop my smile and pout pathetically. Two seconds later Em's looking between me and Rose with a horrified expression. Poor Jasper looks like he's about to bust a gut trying not to laugh at the whole thing. " They're playin' ya, man. Let it go ." My stomach curls and my pout flees as soon as the soft voice registers through the speakers. I turn and meet Edward's gaze through the glass, seeing his mischievous smirk just before he wipes it off. I feel heat spreading through my body because that expression on his face means one thing. Alone time . Luckily the others didn't seem to have noticed as Rose joins Em on the chair and they start macking on each other. Jasper pulls out his cell and wanders out of the room, calling that Alice wants him to call her - his girlfriend, Em and Edward's sister. It's really difficult to keep the grin off my face then, because it's oh so obvious Edward planned this. He was out with Rose this morning talking to the album producers to rearrange the photo shoot for the cover, so he knew she'd be on Em as soon as they got here. It doesn't take a huge leap to deduce that he encouraged Alice to ask Jasper to call so we'd get some uninterrupted time together. After all, Alice is the only one that knows about our, um, relationship ? I don't really know what to call it. " Hey Bella, can I talk to you for a sec? " Before Edward can finish speaking I'm standing and hurrying out the door. "Be back in a bit, guys!" Em and Rose don't acknowledge me at all so I just roll my eyes and meet Edward outside. We both just stand in the hall as my eyes roam over his body. It's Seattle and March, so it's like forty-two outside today. Fuckin' freezing . To keep warm he's wearing dark jeans, a pair of chucks all scuffed 'cause they're so loved, a thick black hoodie and his signature beanie. This one's grey and it makes his eyes seem so much brighter. I feel my cheeks flush deep red when our eyes meet, his so dark with want. My skin itches to touch him, but it's too risky out here where anyone could see us. "C'mon." Without saying anything else I grab his hand and tug him behind me down the hall. He chuckles behind me and I feel myself smile slightly. We end up in a deserted hallway, so the first door I see I yank open and then close quickly behind us. Doesn't matter that it's small and cramped, just need to touch him. "I missed you this mornin'." Edward murmurs, cooling some of the rush as he wraps his long arms around me and crushes my body into his chest. I hum and reach up to tangle my fingers in the back of his hair under the beanie, to which he laughs quietly. Feels so good to be wrapped up with him like this. Around the others we're still close and affectionate, but...we're like that with the others too. We're all so close anyway, so it's really hard keeping on the right side of the line when it comes to touching and messing around with each other. Doesn't help when he teases me on purpose sometimes, but I guess I get my revenge. "Missed you too." I lean back and look up at him, trying to make out his expression. My eyes are adjusting to the lack of light and I can see his dark jade eyes gazing down at me, his tongue as it flicks out and wets his lips moments before they're suddenly on mine. If it was anyone else I'd be embarrassed at the moan that leaks from me then. But it isn't. It's Edward . So I meet his hurried kisses with the same enthusiasm. Our lips come together over and over and over again, teeth clashing and tongues battling. The closet warms with our deep breaths and movements. My hands tug and pull at his hoodie. Off . He senses what I want and lets go of me for far too long to pull it off and then they're back on me. Under my cardigan. Under my Rolling Stones tee. I sigh and hum a little into his mouth as his hands squeeze and knead my waist, moving up my back. A light shiver ripping through me makes him laugh, so I nip his bottom lip. His laughter gives way to a groan; I grin and move my hands lower. "How're your underwear doin', baby?" I almost groaned out loud when he feathered kisses over my jaw and to my ear, murmuring against it before nipping on my earlobe. He loves to give me shit about how I react to him. He can hardly talk though when I can feel his dick already rock hard through his jeans and my leggings. "Ruined. Fuckin'... shit , Edward..." it was almost painful as he unsnapped my bra and pulled off all three layers I'd been wearing up top in one move, dropping them behind me. Cool air made my nipples tighten seconds before he leaned forward and his warm chest brushed against them through his shirt. Smiling slightly I looked up at him, panting. "The Stones, huh?" He smirked, didn't speak as his hands whispered across my skin, finally, finally , landing on my chest. His hands were huge. Guitarist's hands. They played me. My own were clutching at the waist of his tee. "Edward... please ..." His lips ghosted over mine. "Please, what, baby?" "Stop, ungh , being a jackass." One hand slid down from my tits...over my stomach...down, down, down . "Shit, Bella, so fuckin' wet." Edward groans, thrusting his erection into my hip as his mouth claims mine again. Two fingers press into my slit and he thrusts them in as his thumb presses hard on my throbbing clit. I hiss against his lips, tighten my grip on his shirt. "Take it off ." He obeys instantly, lowering his mouth to my tits while his hands are busy pulling his shirt up. His mouth is gone for a second so he can drop his shirt and then I squeak as he grabs my thighs, turns us in the small space and slams me against the door. In this position -with his body pressing me into the door, my legs