Summary: 'We're born with millions of little lights shining in the dark, and they show us the way. One lights up, every time you feel love in your heart. One dies, when it moves away.' When they died, all of my lights died too. It's strange to think that it only took a pothole and a handful of red M&M's t start turning them back on again. A two-shot inspired by Passenger 's All The Little Lights The Sun Newspaper, England, November 18th 2007 On Saturday the seventeenth of November emergency services were called out to a devastating car accident in the Hamptons, New York. Witnesses were scarce but first reporters on the scene told of an overturned, crushed black BMW SUV reportedly owned by multimillionaire and world famous actor, Michael Newton, well known for his roles in films such as the romantic comedies The Ugly Truth and newly released Sydney White . Authorities aren't forthcoming with exact details as yet but is believed he was travelling with his soon-to-be parents in law, director Charles Swan and his model wife, Renee. It is not yet known where his fiancée of three years, musical sensation Isabella Swan, or their young son, Andrew, are. Thus far it is believed that there has been fatalities. We wish to send our deepest condolences to the family and friends of the Swans and Newtons and we are sincerely hoping to hear good news from the NYPD soon. All The Little Lights Part One Wind howls, rain beats the windows and a sharp clap of thunder frightens away any animals that might have been venturing out into the elements. Trees bend in the gales, strong enough to withstand the battering, but only just. It's a surprisingly violent storm for the residents living alongside Lake Tahoe, and a sudden flash of lightening illuminates the shape of one such person in the french doors of her luxury cabin. Her expression is dark, haunted, torn apart by pain most people are lucky enough to avoid throughout their lifetime. This particular young woman has seen her fair share and then some, so a simple storm like this doesn't phase her at all. In fact, it's a welcome distraction. Especially after the day she's had. Quickly pushing thoughts of her turmoil away she moves from the windows to the kitchen where she pours the fifth cup of coffee today - it will suffer the same fate as the others, sitting untouched until she pours it away to make a fresh one just for the cycle to repeat. The clicking of a scruffy tan mutts claws on the wooden floor turns her head for a moment once she's again at the windows overlooking the lake. Chocolate brown eyes met eager, pleading blue ones. Hers glaze over slightly, lost in memory and anguish. She can almost hear him asking for his dinner, an adorable lilt to his voice as his hair flops into his eyes yet again. A clap of thunder drags her from her thoughts, closely followed by the dogs surprised yelp as he nestles his small body against her legs, sitting on her sock-clad feet. "Come on, Pup. I'll get you your dinner." The mismatched pair move toward the kitchen together. Pup watches as his beloved mistress opens a can of his favorite dog food, pouring it onto a small plate before adding some biscuits and a couple of the gravy flavored dog treats he wags his tail so often for. Almost as soon as the plate touches the floor he is upon it and the food lasts mere minutes in the face of his rumbling tummy. Once he's finished eating he curls up in his basket next to the cooker while his mistress cleans the plate and puts it back where it came from. A few seconds after she sits down in an armchair in the great room Pup joins her, curling his wire-haired body into her lap before huffing out a contented breath and falling promptly to sleep. It isn't long before his mistress joins him, the pair staying in the same spot until the light filters through the large windows the next morning. ~ AtlL ~ "Pup!" The eager dog rushes to her feet as soon as she calls him, sitting with his tail whipping side-to-side and bright white teeth flashing in a doggy smile as she clips his tan leash to a matching, thin leather collar. "Time to go," she adds, patting his furry head before sliding on her gray, textured duffle coat followed by a pair of plain black galoshes. Then the duo leave the large cabin and head out into the cool, early morning air with rain falling sporadically and the fresh scent that always accompanies it filling their lungs. Watching the sun rise above the lake gives her the same feeling of longing as it has for the past five years, each time she sees it making her ache for the lost presence of the two who should be at her side to watch it with her. Pup often yaps his delight at being allowed off his leash so she doesn't notice that anything is amiss until a happy giggle joins his cacophony. As soon as she hears it her body tenses, spinning at the same time that it wants to root itself to the spot. Her eyes immediately find her mischievous dog bounding around a little boy dressed in a bright yellow duffle coat not dissimilar to her own. The boy has a crop of sunny blond hair poking out from beneath a green beanie and an exultant, lop-sided grin on his face as he bends down to pet Pup, laughing his happiness for her to hear twenty feet away. Her mind is so stuck on the fact that she had expected to be alone that she doesn't see the boy's father approaching through the forest until he's there, beside his son with a bemused yet fearful expression plastered across his face. " Christ , Ry, what did I tell you about running off?" The boy's father scolds heatedly, covering up his fear of losing him by showing his anger. His son ignores the question completely, however, far too enamored with his new friend to care about his father's warnings. "Look, Daddy!" he cries as Pup jumps up and plants a sloppy kiss on his dirt-smudged cheek. "He's friendly and he likes me!" The dad's ire softens at the cheerful boy's declaration. He's fine. He's here. He's ok. He reminds himself before spotting the young woman standing stock-still, her eyes fixed on his son and the dog. So that must be the mutt's owner, he deduces. Gathering himself so as not to appear as frazzled as he was moments ago he moves toward his son, gently coaxing him to his feet. Then he quickly dusts down his trousers before straightening the beanie on his head while the dog beats a hasty retreat back to his mistress behind them. "Riley, you can't just grab other people's dogs, ok? Shall we go and introduce ourselves?" Riley nods eagerly, stretching onto his tiptoes so he can see behind his dad only to let out a whine. "Daddy, they're gone !" "Huh?" Expecting to turn and see the dog and his owner perhaps walking toward them, Riley's dad huffs out a surprised breath when all that greets him is Lake Tahoe and the forests surrounding it. The young woman and her excitable pooch have vanished into thin air. "Maybe they were in a rush somewhere." The man's eyes flick down to his gold Armani watch and he hisses through his teeth, scooping Riley up onto his shoulders effortlessly. The movement makes him squeal, warming him completely. "Speaking of rushing, Nana's gonna be waiting at the house for us if we don't hurry up." Riley giggles, tugging his dad's mess of copper hair as he begins to take long strides back the way they came. "Can we see the dog again, Daddy? He was really cool! D'you think he likes football? I bet he-" "Calm down, buddy," his dad chuckles. The tops of Riley's ears pink, but not from the chill in the air. "I'm sure we'll bump into them again sometime. Nana's throwing us a party too, remember. Maybe his owner is one of our new neighbors." "Hopefully." Riley paused, cocking his head as a cheeky grin stole across his face. "Hey, Daddy?" "Yeah, Ry?" "Can we get a dog? I'll look after him and do everything so you don't hafta, promise!" The five year old's enthusiasm made his dad chuckle, but refuse the idea all the same, just as he had all eleven times Riley had asked for a dog before. Hell, he was still getting used to being a dad after five years - God knows how he'd handle a dog as well, because he knew it would be him that ended up looking after it when Riley got bored and wanted to watch his favorite cartoons without the dog barking, or when his new football got chewed to bits by his once-beloved puppy. "Ask me again in thirteen years and I'll consider getting you a dog." Riley was sort of content with that answer, not making the connection between his age now and the fact that he'd be eighteen by the time that thirteen years was up. ~ AtlL ~ A week later Riley is shipped off to his Nana and Grampa's in Tahoe City while his uncle Emmett helps his dad get the the great room ready in preparation for the housewarming party his grandparents are throwing in his and his dad's honor. The brothers are night and day in regards to appearance - Edward, Riley's dad, and Emmett. Edward has a riot of copper-penny colored hair and emerald green eyes while his older brother by a year and a day has sandy blond curly hair and baby-blue eyes that he passed on to his seven year old twin daughters, May and April. Emmett inherited his looks purely from his father, Carlisle, and Edward got his mom's coloring. As the brothers work in tandem to set up the decorations Emmett quizzes Edward on how it's been living here so far. He shrugs, smiling a little at the memory of taking Riley out on a boat yesterday afternoon. They caught enough fish to eat for dinner and had a bonfire on the rear deck with chocolate and bananas for dessert. "It's great. Riley loves it here already." He comments simply. "The kid's insane, bro. Awesome, but batshit crazy." Both men laugh heartily as Emmett fills Edward in on the couple of hours he was looking after Riley alone a few days ago while his wife -Rosalie- picked their daughters up from school. Riley had disappeared from the living room in the few minutes it took his uncle to use the bathroom and by the time Emmett found him ten minutes later he'd wrapped himself almost entirely in toilet roll to make himself into a mummy. Apparently it's what he wants to go as for Halloween in a few weeks. It's news to his dad, who'd thought until now that he wanted to go as Spiderman. Not so much now, it seems. "What about that dog he mentioned? You find out who's that is yet?" The reminder of the woman and her dog that he and Riley bumped into a week ago has Edward scowling as he adjusts his backwards Red Sox cap and takes a mouthful of Vitamin R. Every time they'd gone out hiking Riley had been on the lookout for the scruffy little mutt and his silent owner and not once had they seen them. Edward had even asked his closest neighbor, Shelly Cope, a kind, retired school teacher, if she knew who it was and had gotten the enigmatic answer of 'you'll know her when you see her'. It had bugged him at the time and it still did now. "Nope,