Authors Note: This is my first fanfic, and many party of it are very closely based on The Last Olympian. Some dialog is identical. Cheers I was in the first van, Argus, the security chief with hundreds of eyes, was driving. Thank gods I wasn't in one of the other two vans, harpies still creep me out, even after all this time. Percy met us on the sidewalk beside the empire state building. We all piled out of the vans, Pollux, Silena Beauregard, the Stoll brothers, Michael Yew, Jake Mason, Katie Gardner, and Annabeth, along with most of their siblings, around forty of us in all. The only ones missing were the other Ares kids. Damned Clarrise and her temper, she knows damned well that this battle will be important. Percy and Annabeth stopped to talk; those two really need to decide if they're a couple or not. Once Chiron took his leave, apparently, he still thought the Party Ponies might help us, we followed Percy into the lobby of the empire state building, apparently, we needed to have a chat with Zeus. I'd normally try to avoid the king of the gods, but hey, circumstances demand extraordinary behavior. Once we convinced the security guard to let us past, and to let us skip the metal detector, we took the elevators to Olympus. Let's just say the gods need better elevator music, and it takes a while to go up 600 floors. I had almost forgotten the floating stones that led to the mountain, but unfortunately, they were still there. Not great for a guy who's afraid of heights. Olympus seemed wrong somehow, and it took me a second to realize it was (almost) completely empty. By the time we got to the palace, with a small pause to look at some blue lights in the sky, we had seen all of three other people, and they looked more likely to run from us than to guard the home of the gods. The throne room was also, predictably, empty. Except for a small bubble of some kind in the far corner… was that a sea-cow? I know about sea horses but cows? Apparently, Percy knew the cow thing, and it was named Bessie. Whatever. A woman's voice said something to Percy, and a small girl appeared next to the hearth fire. Goddess alert. I caught the word "Achilles" in what she said to Percy, that's actually somewhat interesting, wonder what's going on there. Percy looked at the goddess for a second, then collapsed, what the hell? Then Hermes showed up next to the fire goddess, and he was pissed by the look of things. The fire goddess faded away, leaving us alone with the god's messenger. Great. The snakes on his staff were chatty enough, something about rats? Percy sent us all off with the Stolls to "check the defenses" … What a joke - there weren't any, he and Annabeth obviously wanted privacy with Hermes. Better them than me. Once we had done a useless and disheartening search for anyone who might help defend Olympus, we all kind of spread out. I headed over to one of the viewing areas; I may not like heights, but the view was pretty great. The whole of New York city was spread out in front of me, the wind was in my face too. It reminded me of home, windy and quiet. Wait, New York shouldn't be quiet, should it? I looked down, traffic was stopped everywhere, and the etire city seemed to have stopped moving. Completely. "hey Travis, Connor" I called, "check out the city". Minutes later, once everyone was crowded around the rails using the drachma-operated viewers, and Percy and Annabeth had arrived, someone clued in: Morpheus had given New York a nap. A long, long nap… When we got down to street level, Argus was waiting. Percy asked him and the harpies to go back to camp and defend it. To be honest, if Kronos killed all of us, I don't think the camp stood much of a chance, but you never know. Before he left, Annabeth took a shield out of one of the vans, great. Then she set it down, and I realized it was basically giving us satellite view of anywhere in New York. Now that is a useful shield. As we scanned for Kronos' army, Connor made some lame joke about robbing a candy place… grow up dude. And then we spotted the army. Oh crap. I should actually say armies., as there were basically three of them. Aka, we were outnumbered. Badly. Percy is nothing if not ambitious. He decided we were going to hold Manhattan. While outnumbered 10:1. This should be fun. Percy was going to deal with the boats – who knows how but water is his specialty, right. The Apollo cabin was going to take care of the Williamsburg bridge, Demeter the Brooklyn Battery tunnel, Half of Hermes the Manhattan bridge, the other half the Brooklyn Bridge. Aphrodite was going to take care of the Queens-Midtown tunnel… how? Hephaestus kids were going to guard the Holland Tunnel – I didn't envy the anyone attacking there. Percy almost asked for the other Ares kids to take care of the 59th Street Bridge, but then Annabeth spoke up and had the Athena kids cover for them. Percy went over a communication plan – Basically, pinch peoples' cellphones. Single use only, and no keeping them… unfortunately. We were all about to leave, when Jake reminded Percy about the Lincoln Tunnel. Crap. And the Hunters of Artemis showed up. Thalia was in charge of them now apparently, she was rocking the "punk rocker" look as usual, but with just a hint of "princess" now. She'd of course beat up anyone who mentioned it. With the Hunters taking the Lincoln tunnel, we were set to go. Time for war. Goody. Being the only Ares kid, I basically had a choice of where I'd be fighting. In the end, I went with the Apollo kids. I get along with most of them, and besides, they had a tough fight coming at the Williamsburg bridge, if what we saw on the sat-shield was anything to go by. After Percy's somewhat depressing attempt at a pep-speech (maybe stay away from public speaking dude), we headed across town. When we got to the bridge, the first order of business was to clear all the mortals out of their cars, we didn't want them to get hurt in the fighting that was coming. By the time we had them all clear, it wsa almost night. As we set up with archers behind cars and a school bus, our very own enemy army showed up and … was that the Minotaur? I though Percy killed him already. The Apollo guys started the party with a few explosive arrows, just to get the monster dust flowing. They ran into trouble though, when a group of armoured Dracaenae started to push forward, shoving cars out of the way. We also had a few spears and arrows start to come back towards us from the enemy archers and spearmen hiding behind the vanguard. I quietly pulled open a car door and sat there, waiting for the enemy advance – I'm not much of a bowman, more of a sword, spear and other close range weapons kind of guy. As I waited, I saw Michael Yew gesture for me to fall back with them. When I shook my head, he gestured with a "for crying out loud" kind of motion, and picked up a cellphone. Probably calling Percy. Good, he can have some fun too. When the first few of the enemy got close to my car, I hid, waiting. When the time was right, out came the sword for a yelling charge that got the monster dust flowing. This was followed by me getting backed into a corner between two cars, and setting up for a rather long fight. Fighting wasn't really something I thought about, I was in something of a trance like state; slash, block, stab, duck, repeat. I was kind of aware of arrows killing monsters that were about to get around behind me, or get a luck strike in against me, and was instantly grateful to whichever Apollo camper had stayed to help. Suddenly, I was in the clear, the monsters had stopped advancing and instead stoop in a line 20 or so feet down the bridge. I figured now was a good time to retreat back to the Apollo line and made an arrow dodging dash to the Manhattan shore of the bridge. Once to safety, I looked up and noticed why the monsters had stopped; pegasi in the sky, one of which was black, and had Percy on its back. After landing, and a quick strategy meeting with Annabeth and Michael, percy and I stepped out from the Apollo cabin barricade, and walked straight towards the enemy. The Minotaur had finally decided to show his ugly face, and he seemed rather pissed to see Percy. I wonder why… A couple of monsters tried to attack us as we walked forward, but they were alone, and we dealt with them pretty easily. As we approached their lines, the Minotaur roared, can a cow roar? Mooed forcefully maybe. Anyway, the enemy line surged forward. Percy got a funny look in his eyes as he looked at the Minotaur, and he muttered something about one on one. I was happy to leave the Minotaur to him, and to keep the rest of the monsters busy to give Percy a chance to deal with bull-boy. It didn't seem to take him very long, I only had to keep the two of them isolated for a minute or so before Percy joined me in against the larger part of the army. We charged. It was as if we were invincible. Honestly, I don't remember much. All I knew was that I wasn't going to let these monsters through to Manhattan, and Olympus. I sliced through armor like it was made of paper. Snake women exploded. Hellhounds melted to shadow. I slashed and stabbed and whirled, and I might have even laughed once or twice—a crazy laugh that scared me as much as it did my enemies. I was aware of the Apollo campers behind us shooting arrows, disrupting every attempt by the enemy to rally. Finally, the monsters turned and fled, there were only about twenty left alive out of two hundred. We followed these few enemies to the Brooklyn end of the bridge, and stopped, because the enemy had reinforcements; demigods, on horses. They charged us. A volley of arrows took down a few, and then they were upon us. I tried not to kill the demigods. They were people after all, even if that were supporting Kronos. I'd kill their horses, and the monsters that supported them, then hit them with a shield or pommel to knock them out, or hurt their legs to make them retreat. It seemed to be working, there were two smaller battle. One surrounded me and several Apollo campers, and that was obviously taking up most of my attention, but I was also aware of another battle; Percy and Annabeth, surrounded. We all fought in retreat, helped by the Apollo campers behind us, and by several, possibly suicidal, pegasi making kamikaze runs and kicking our enemies in the heads. I reached the center of the bridge, and managed to disengage from our enemies. I looked around. One of the Apollo campers who had been behind me was nowhere to be seen. The other, a younger boy named Thomas, was badly hurt. I picked him up and carried him back to the Manhattan shore, and left him with a couple of siblings at a temporary hospital. As Dropped him off, the black Pegasus flew past, extremely low, and dropped a very badly injured Annabeth at the field hospital.