Me don't own, Rick Riordan do... Stories nowadays are the exact same. It is the same plot again and again. The 'monster' is a evil, cruel thing that loves killing and/or eating innocent people, so the 'hero' will kill or doom the monster to a terrible fate and everyone, except the monster lives happily ever after. The end. Except for one thing, dosen't the 'monster' get a say in this? Can't the 'monster' decide to not get beheaded, burned alive, or whatever evil happens to them? And why does the 'hero' always win and the 'monster' always lose? Is the 'monster' not allowed to have a happy ending? After all, not every monster is evil. I have met some 'monsters' who wouldn't harm a fly yet they get cruel endings. I have seen the most spoiled and evil of heroes be bestowed with happiness and peace. It's just not fair! And I know someone who is reading this will say some bullshit like 'Life isn't fair' or something like that, but I already that. My entire life isn't far, I fought a war for the gods, and as a 'gift' got send to a life of hell. Well I don't know about you, but I want a happy ending for once. My name is Perseus Allen Jackson, or as most demigods know me as 'Thanaro' Pleased to meet your acquaintance. Quote from the Last Olympian "No," I said. The Council was silent. The gods frowned at each other like they must have misheard. "No?" Zeus said. "You are . . . Turning down our generous gift?" There was a dangerous edge to his voice, like a thunderstorm about to erupt. "I'm honored and everything," I said. "Don't get me wrong. It's just . . . I've got a lot of life left to live. I'd hate to peak in my sophomore year." The gods were glaring at me, but Annabeth had her hands over her mouth. Her eyes were shining. And that kind of made up for it. "I do want a gift, though," I said. "Do you promise to grant my wish?" Zeus thought about this. "If it is within our power." "It is," I said. "And it's not even difficult. But I need your promise on the River Styx." "What?" Dionysus cried. "You don't trust us?" "Someone once told me," I said, looking at Hades, "you should always get a solemn oath." Hades shrugged. "Guilty." "Very well!" Zeus growled. "In the name of the Council, we swear by the River Styx to grant your reasonable request as long as it is within our power." The other gods muttered assent. Thunder boomed, shaking the throne room. The deal was made. "From now on, I want to you properly recognize the children of the gods," I said. "All the children . . . Of all the gods." The Olympians shifted uncomfortably. "Percy," my father said, "what exactly do you mean?" "Kronos couldn't have risen if it hadn't been for a lot of demigods who felt abandoned by their parents," I said. "They felt angry, resentful, and unloved, and they had a good reason." Zeus's royal nostrils flared. "You dare accuse-" "No more undetermined children, " I said. "I want you to promise to claim your children-all your demigod children-by the time they turn thirteen. They won't be left out in the world on their own at the mercy of monsters. I want them claimed and brought to camp so they can be trained right, and survive. " "Now, wait just a moment," Apollo said, but I was on a roll. "And the minor gods," I said. "Nemesis, Hecate, Morpheus, Janus, Hebe-they all deserve a general amnesty and a place at Camp Half- Blood. Their children shouldn't be ignored. Calypso and the other peaceful Titan-kind should be pardoned too. And Hades-" "Are you calling me a minor god?" Hades bellowed. "No, my lord," I said quickly. "But your children should not be left out. They should have a cabin at camp. Nico has proven that. No unclaimed demigods will be crammed into the Hermes cabin anymore, wondering who their parents are. They'll have their own cabins, for all the gods. And no more pact of the Big Three. That didn't work anyway. You've got to stop trying to get rid of powerful demigods. We're going to train them and accept them instead. All children of the gods will be welcome and treated with respect. That is my wish. " Zeus snorted. "Is that all?" "Percy, " Poseidon said, "you ask much. You presume much." "I hold you to your oath," I said. "All of you." I got a lot of steely looks. Strangely, it was Athena who spoke up: "The boy is correct. We have been unwise to ignore our children. It proved a strategic weakness in this war and almost caused our destruction. Percy Jackson, I have had my doubts about you, but perhaps"-she glanced at Annabeth, and then spoke as if the words had a sour taste-"perhaps I was mistaken. I move that we accept the boy's plan." "Humph," Zeus said. "Being told what to do by a mere child. But I suppose . . ." "All in favor," Hermes said. All the gods raised their hands. "Um, thanks," I said. I turned, but before I could leave, Poseidon called, "Honor guard!" Immediately the Cyclopes came forward and made two lines from the thrones to the door-an aisle for me to walk through. They came to attention. "All hail, Perseus Jackson," Tyson said. "Hero of Olympus . . . And my big brother!" End quote "How dare that miserable, spoiled brat demand us! We are his betters!" Zeus ranted at the Olympians. "He should be grateful he got an offer to become a god, not throw it away and demand us of-of something so absurd!" "Zeus," Hestia started "Perseus Jackson hasn't done anything to wang your anger-" 'Silence!" Zeus stood up "That brat has gotten too arrogant for my liking." Poseidon stood up to his brother, "Hey, that's my son you're talking about!" "And your son's a jackass." Ares grumbled. Poseidon glared at the war god until Ares backed down from his famous i'll-kill-you-later glare. Hestia tried to put in her input but was irrupted by Athena. "I agree Father. The boy has gotten so arrogant with all that power he has." The wisdom goddess stressed the word 'power'. Hera's eyes lighted up, her eyes veered to her husband and a smirk appeared on her face. "She's right Zeus. Perseus Jackson has as much if not more power than the average minor god." Zeus froze, "What did you say?" His voice was cold. Hera masked her smirk with an neutral expression. "Well, the boy does have a lot of power. He managed to defeat Kronos of all people." Hermes started, "That doesn't count, L-Luke sacrificed himself." Hera glared at her step-son."The boy still has defeated countless monsters, monsters that most demigods die at before they can draw their sword." The gods and goddess with children/ followers winced as they reminisced on the horrific ways the children had died. "I think" Hera started off slowly "We should bring Jackson in front of the council and give him a choice :Become a God and repeal those ridiculous oath or he shall be cursed by us, for daring to go against us." Poseidon and Hestia's eyes wided. She couldn't be serious! "Hera, you raise a hand on my son and i'll-" "Agreed." Every Olympian turned to Zeus. They couldn't believe the words coming out his mouth. "Ares, bring Jackson here uninjured." Ares looked like his birthday came early. He smirked and disappeared on his way. Poseidon's eyes turned a dark grayish-blue, like the sea before a storm. He grabbed Zeus by the scruff and held him against his throne. The rest of the gods and goddess were too scarce to help the self-proclaimed 'King of the Gods'. "You try anything and all your children will be cursed by the sea. They get within five feet of water, they die. Lakes, streams, oceans, seas, anything even sinks, bathtubs, or anything like that. Even the water in their body will admit to strangle them. This I swear on the River Styx." Thunder rumbled in the air, sealing the deal. The Council was horrified at what the sea god said, it only gave them a reminder of how Poseidon was the second powerful of the Big Three with Hades beginning the strongest. Zeus finally managed to get enough power to throw Poseidon to the ground. "That's enough of that." He dusted himself off. "And where is Ares with the boy-" Ares appeared with a bound up Percy. He looked like he was just roughly pulled out of bed and bound in chains. With a snap of fingers, the chains vanished. Zeus smirked, "At least the man of the hour is here. We have decided to generously give you another chance. Now Perseus Jackson, you have two choices, become a god and repeal that oath or you shall be cursed by us." Once again, Percy surprised the gods and goddess of the Olympian Council. "No." Zeus face turned a bright red "HOW DARE YOU!" Percy looked up at his uncle with sea-green eyes, "You guys never claim your children and as a result, they become resentful to the gods for never caring. And the minor gods deserve a place at Camp Half- Blood. Their children shouldn't be ignored. The peaceful titans have never done away wrong-" "THEY ARE TITANS, THAT'S REASON ENOUGH!" Zeus bellowed. "No it's not!" Percy shouted back, shocking the other Olympians with his boldness "You can't judge a species by a few-" "SILENCE! I have had enough of this disrespect!" Zeus stormed to his throne. "Olympians choose his punishment! Either death or...becoming a monster!" The Olympians went quiet. Until Artemis raised her hand hesitantly "Death, i'm sorry but being a monster is...it's horrific." Apollo raised his hand, "I agree with Artie. I don't want my kids to accidentally kill you one day.' He joked weakly. All by one, the Council was separated. Poseidon, Hestia, Hermes, Hades, and Aphrodite said Death, while Hera, Ares, Hephaestus, Dionysus, Athena, and Demeter said Monster. Zeus was the last person to answer and Percy already knew what he was going to say. The ruler of the skies looked at Percy and smiled a cruel smile resembling the one Percy had once seen on Luke's face once. "Monster" and with that Percy was flashed with the lights of seven auras. The pain slammed through his system. And he heard screams echo through the air. As the pain eased, Percy slowly got to his knees but before he could raise his head up he heard: "Ares, kill him." That was Zeus' voice for sure. No one could replicate that thundering sound. Percy turned around, just in time to see a spear coming his way. His mind was telling him run but his gut was saying Grab it, you seaweed brain ! The voice sounded a lot like Annabeth, for some reason. All that can happen is you going to Tartarus and you will still come out again! 'Well, my gut has never lead me wrong.' Percy waited until the spear was a few inches ahead from his face (and while ignoring the screams of the gods/ goddess who supported him) before grabbing it out of mid-air. Shocked at what he had done, he almost dropped it before quickly assembling himself again. He looked Ares right in the eye and did probably the dumbest yet most unbelievable thing to ever do. Percy placed the spear between his teeth, with both his hands on the sides, and bit right in the middle. The strangest thing was that when he bite it...the spear broke in two pieces. The middle part was still in Percy's mouth and when he spit it out on Ares' feet, the spear was half disintegrated on it's side and