This is a little somethin that I concocted for my special woman on her birth day. She means the world to me. So, to show her, I thought of this. After all, she is my cazadora and I am her lobo. And if she's reading this, I hope she knows I am dedicating this story to her. Now, lets get into it . I hope you enjoy my first one-shot . If you like it, those review and favorite buttons aren't gonna press themselves. It may not be my best work, but I guarantee that it is nowhere near my worst. -Your fearless leader, Darthrath He loved it. The wind running past him as he sprinted. The smell of everything that surrounded him. The sounds of the forest. All of it. It was the best home he could ask for. Soon, the pure exhilaration had gotten to him, making his eyes turn from their normal green to a brilliant gold. He grinned as he leaped high into the air before landing hard. Even though the earth cracked around him when he landed, he kept going. Kept running with speed that would make any other young adult jealous. The moment didn't last long enough for him, though. Soon, he approached a cliff that dove straight down at the end. He practically skidded to a stop until he was at the very edge, looking out at the mountains and forest that went as far as the eye could see. His grin stayed on his face as he breathed to settle his heart, which was beating like a drum. This. This was when he felt most alive. When he felt free. He couldn't help himself any longer. Rearing his head back, he let out a loud and powerful roar that almost shook the forest he was in. When he finished, he turned just in time to see his brother and sister approaching. They had their ears covered, their faces showing annoyance, but they smiled at him. "For the love of Zeus. Must you deafen us, Jon?" Jon just smiled back. His medium, dark brown, hair waved in the breeze that suddenly picked up. To the average human, or those who did not know, Jon was a regular, twenty year old, young man. This could not be further from the truth. Sure, he certainly looked his age. Hauntingly rugged looks that could make a maiden goddess turn her head and a physique to match. He currently wore no shirt, leaving his well endowed torso and arms exposed. The only clothing he wore, were his camouflage pants. He smirked back at his siblings. "Yes, Tim. I must. Why? For the sole purpose of annoying you." he said tauntingly. "Why, you!" Timothy exclaimed as he launched at his brother. They wrestled with one another and tossed each other around while their sister just watched with amusement. "When will you two lovebirds stop challenging one another?" she said with a roll of her eyes. "Shut up, Sarah! Unless you want a piece of me too?" Jon retorted. Rolling her eyes again, she just scoffed and crossed her arms over her breasts. "Nah. I'd rather not bore myself with kicking your ass." Sarah shot back with a smirk. "Oh, you're in for it now, sis." Jon tossed his brother away from him before lunging for her. Her eyes widened, but before she could run, someone interrupted. "Honestly, Jon, must you torment your brother and sister?" spoke a new voice. The three young werewolves looked back towards the forest to see none other than Lupa, the goddess of wolves. She walked from the forest with a fond smile on her face. She wore her every day attire, which consisted of Roman style armor on her shoulders with a pure white cloak that fell down to her knees where a pair of light brown pants rested. Much like Jon, she was walking around barefoot. Her golden eyes shined brightly at the three sets that matched them. The three grinned back at her. Sarah was wearing much similar clothing to Lupa, while timothy simply had sneakers, jeans, and a gray button up shirt that hung loosely to him. "Mother!" Sarah exclaimed happily as she ran up to her, "When do we leave for Camp Half-blood, mother?" she asked with excitement. Lupa softly laughed at her daughter's spirit as he softly brought a hand up to caress her left cheek. "The pack is almost finished preparations." Lupa assured. This made the young woman almost jump happily. "I sure hope she picks me!" Timothy scoffed as he rolled his eyes. "You're fast, sister, but not smart. I am sure to be the victor, for my brains surpass yours." he responded with a smirk. Sarah got up in his face with a glare. "You want a piece of me, brother ?" she asked, saying brother as though it were an insult, "Besides, it's not like she'll choose you. You're male." Timothy glared back as he let out a small growl in anger. Before either of them could throw a fist, Jon stepped in. Laying a hand on both of their shoulders, he lightly squeezed as a serious expression overtook his features. "Both of you calm down. Now." he commanded as his deep voice slightly deepened as his gold eyes seemed to intensify. Jon looked back and forth to both of them, getting ready in case either one or both decided to lash out at him. Even though both of them knew he could beat them simply because he was the eldest and had a few more years of experience than them. "Tim. Sara. Are you animals?" he was answered with the slow shaking of both their heads, "Are you rabid dogs that only act violently and first instincts are to kill?" again, his answer was a silent no, "Then don't act like ones." he warned lastly as he let go of them. Sarah and Timothy looked down in slight shame before looking back to one another, their gold eyes going back to their soft glow. They smiled apologetically before giving one another a short embrace, patting each other on the back. Sarah lightly kissed her brother on the cheek. "Sorry, Tim." she apologized. "Me too." he responded as they pulled away. Jon nodded in approval. He never liked when his brother and sister actually started getting violent with one another. Sure, the three of them would brawl for fun sometimes, but there were other days where it went too far. Jon still remembered the time that his brother and sister both ended up as bleeding messes because the playful insults crossed the line. Jon was always the one to separate them, though. Unbeknown to said werewolf, Lupa was watching him handle the situation with a pride smile. Lupa always loved how strong her first born was. How he seemed to be born a leader and had such control over his wolf side. Sarah and Timothy were not different from him, but not the same either. What she didn't have in strength, she more than made up for in her speed. Lupa's daughter could give some of the best athletes a run for their money. Timothy, on the other hand, was a little bit of a black sheep. He wasn't as strong of fast as many other werewolves, but he was smart. Timothy depended more on strategy and the ability to outsmart his opponents. And if he had to fight, he could still hold up his own a fair amount. Now, Jon was something else. He was perfectly in the middle of smart and fast with more than enough physical and mental strength to support both. No matter their difference, Lupa still loved all three of her children with all her heart. And so did their father. The wolf goddess almost frowned at the memory that rose in her mind, but hid it well. Lupa smiled as the now calm siblings walked up to her, smiles of their own on their faces. "Come. It's time to go." Lupa said as she tossed Jon a pair of hiking sneakers and a black shirt, "The pack is probably waiting for us as we speak." The three followed their mother back to where the campsite previously stood. Over a good few dozen werewolves stood there, with backpacks and other camp equipment hanging over their shoulders and backs. After everyone was ready, they began on their way, running for Camp Half-blood. Now, Jon was never a huge fan of going to a place where he knew no one, but he understood that it was necessary. After all, Lupa agreed with the goddess it would be the best and most convenient place to rendezvous. Not to mention, safe. So, he shrugged off the stares he was getting as he and his entire pack entered the camp. Looking around, Jon could tell the safe haven had seen better days. Sure, it was fairly repaired after the giant war, but Gaea really did a number on it. Despite this, he couldn't help but admire it. It made him feel secure and less on edge than if he was outside the protective shield. Jon also spotted a few dozen Romans here and there. They were doing random things along with their Greek brethren. Training, relaxing, and even just loitering as they all enjoyed the bright day presented to them. Jon found himself envying them. He wished he could be as blissful and not pay any attention to the danger of the rest of the world. But, as much as he wanted it, he couldn't have it. He was a werewolf. From the age of five, he was raised to fight and kill if it was necessary. To survive at all costs. To him, the earth's rules were to die or be the one that brought death. There was no middle ground. He was a man of action, not able to settle or stop the fighting spirit in him. After a few minutes, Jon was drawn from his musings by the bright flashes that suddenly exploded to life in front of him. Averting his eyes until they faded, he turned back to immediately freeze. The first thing in his mind to describe them, was powerful. He could feel the power and strength rolling off all twelve of them. Within an instant, Lupa knelt with Jon, his siblings, and the rest of the pack following her lead. He kept his eyes on them though. Each was wearing a different type of regal clothing as the next that reflected their domains. Some had armor added to the mix as they all held a different type of weapon. The only three that looked out of place, were Hermes, Apollo, and Dionysus. Apollo was dressed like a beach bum, Hermes wore something similar to an Olympic runner (no pun intended), while Dionysus just looked like a bum on vacation with the extra large shirt he was wearing. Other than that, the Olympians were impressive. It was silent for a moment until Zeus told them to rise with a wave of his hand as he smiled softly. "Lady Lupa, it is a pleasure to see you." the god of thunder said as the Olympians took a step forward. The one Jon knew as Artemis had chosen to be in an age similar to Lupa. Early thirties. They both grinned at one another before pulling each other into an embrace. "It's wonderful to see you, old friend." the moon goddess said as the slightly pulled away, still keeping one another in arms length. "I'm happy to see you too, Artemis." Lupa responded. After exchanging a few more fond greetings, Lupa turned to Jon, his brother, and sister. "They look stronger than when I last saw them." Artemis noted as they stepped closer. Jon bowed his head, not looking at the goddess so she wouldn't be offended as she and his mother stood in front of him first. "Of course you