The Shadow Knight, Chapter 1, Nyx held her baby against her chest. She could feel the power radiating off Perseus as she walked down the streets of Athens. Nyx had to get rid of this child, she didn't care about the fate or welfare of Perseus, as long as Nyx was safe from the monster she created. Perseus began to squirm and cry, as he began to realise what was happening. All of the power and energy in Nyx's body began to deteriorate; she could feel it being sucked out of her body. She panicked as the blood rushed to her heart; Nyx threw Perseus out of her arms as she struggled to breathe. Her baby hit the street with a knock and lay in the gutter, crying. Nyx flew away, as fast as she could, moving through the shadows. She had to get away, far away. Nyx left in a rush, without looking back. Perseus lay in the gutter crying as the gentle flows of sewer water brushed against his back. He lay there for hours. It was the middle of the day, the sun shined furiously in Perseus face, for some reason he knew he hated the sun. His stomach begged for food and his throat tightened as he licked the inside of his mouth. His once warm and blue blanket was now a charcoal black, filled with dirt and "water". His eyelids began to dry and large masses of crust began to collect on his eyelashes, making hard to blink and look around. Perseus through his body around, his movement and control vary limited because of his age. The water underneath him splashing around in response, but he was stopped abruptly by a pair of hands. They were firm but gentle and caring. Perseus looked up as he struggled to open his eyes. At first he saw a blurry figure, but as he blinked the smudged edges began to focus. Perseus saw a beautiful young lady with bright blue eyes and curly thick brown hair. She smiled down sympathetically at the baby that appeared to be around three years old. She wondered why this child was unable to move out of the gutter but soon realised how skinny he was. She picked him up and panicked as Perseus went limp in her arms. Letting out a few soft breaths as his joints moved for the first time in days. The lady ran down the street with the child in her arms. Perseus's body flew around uncontrollably. After around ten minutes, the lady stopped. She was surprised that she was able to run at a fast pace for that long. She looked down and realised how dry this child's lips were. She rushed up the pathway and in to her small house. She laid the child down and rushed out of her house to the well outside. She filled a bucket and sprinted back inside. The first thing she did was start gently pouring the water down Perseus's throat. He could feel the strange liquid flowing down his neck. It was tasteless but refreshing. He could feel the dry crustiness slowly being washed away as his throat burned. The lady noticed a nasty bruise on the back of the child's head. It was clearly infected with yellow puss seeping out of the edges. She cringed her nose it looked extremely painful. Perseus began to move his limbs. He began to stand up. His knees weak but he pushed on. He looked out of the tiny gap in the wall. The moon began to rise over the mountain. Perseus knew it was around eight at night. Night. As soon as the atmosphere changed over in to that cold and mysterious nature of night, Perseus began to feel stronger and no longer week. The lady gasped as she saw the gaping wound on the back of his head close up. She also noticed some writing on his back. She moved in closer to see the markings. It was under his left shoulder and it read "Perseus". She was angry with his parents who could be bothered to give him a name but not a home. "Perseus?" She called softly. Perseus turned and looked at the young lady with a sad but thank full face. "Thank you." He said sincerely, his voice high and immature but clear. The young lady smiled at him showing off her bright white teeth. "My name is Sally." She said gently. Perseus smiled at the gesture and jumped on the bed so he could sit in front of her. "How old are you?" Sally asked Perseus. "I am two weeks old." Perseus stated plainly. Sally's eyes shot up in surprise. "Two weeks?" She yelled in disbelief. Perseus knew that he had a lot of explaining to do so he tried his best to not leave out a single detail. Perseus was now seven years old and was fully-grown. He stood six feet and three inches above the ground, and was only a couple of inches short of six foot four. His hair was jet black and it was wind-swept in all directions, but it looked sat nicely. His eyes were a fierce and sharp green that jolted you if you stared at them for too long. Over the years Sally had taken Perseus as her own son. Even though he was a god, he still needed Sally to keep him in line. They got a long almost instantly, Sally taking Perseus under her wing, showing him how to fit in. Even though she loved how unique he was, it wasn't fair for him to feel different and not accepted. Perseus loved his mother to bits. He could teleport through the shadows, move at blinding speeds and manipulate the darkness to move at his will, but he still needed his mother to tell him he was being an idiot when he really was being an idiot. It was all perfect until that day. They were celebrating Sally's thirty fifth birthday. Perseus had prepared a nice dinner for the two of them. Most of the food and champagne was stolen, but times were tough. Perseus blind folded and told his mother to stay outside for two seconds while he got everything ready, two seconds. He went inside and started lighting the candles she asked for. He heard screams from outside their house. Perseus ran through the house as fast as he could. He stepped outside and saw his mother lying on the street, motionless. He couldn't believe it. He knelt down next to her, staring down at her emotionless face. Her once bright blue eyes had changed to a dull grey colour. Perseus noticed the blood flowing out of her stomach, he didn't even bother, he knew she was dead. He felt his eyes water and his throat tighten. Perseus couldn't control it, tears began to flow down his face, uncontrollably. He cried silently. The woman who made him happy was now dead. His mother was now dead. He knew he would never hear her voice, or see her smile ever again. Suddenly his sadness turned to pure rage and hatred. Perseus looked down the street. It was during the night, so his senses were greatly enhanced. He could feel the heavy footsteps of the bastards that did this. Using the darkness, he teleported himself to their exact position. He appeared right in front of them, stopping them in their tracks. They saw the glare on Perseus face and practically shat themselves. Two of them, one was bald and over weight while the other was tall and skinny. Perseus didn't waste any time, he formed a black steel sword that radiated power. He sliced them to pieces under a second. Suddenly, his body and sword began to radiate a vibrant black. Power flowed through Perseus. His senses became sharper and his limbs became lighter and more mobile. His clothes began to change, Perseus looked down and realised he was wearing thick, black armour that hugged his body. He could feel that he was wearing a helmet and a cape. Perseus looked at himself from every angle, he looked good. Perseus looked down at the blade of his sword, engraved along the middle in small writing read "Perseus, the God of Punishment." That was his domain, to punish those deserving. He smiled; this could not only be an opportunity to make the world a better place, but also to make his mother proud. 550 AD, Perseus's point of view, Everything changed that day. I became an emotionless killer. I became the monster I was born to be. All I do to contribute to this earth is punish those who commit sick crimes. That is my domain. The feeling of satisfaction I get when I hear the crunch of their skulls under my foot is ecstatic. I don't know why. I get that familiar throb in my mind; similar to the one I am getting now. I use the shadows to move my body, teleporting myself to the location of the crime. I find myself on a rooftop looking down at this man, sexually assaulting young girl. I can hear his grunts and her screams. I jump down startling the man. He falls back and I wait for him to pull up his pants. The young girl runs away crying, I turn my attention back to the snob in front of me. "What the hell are you supposed to be?" He asks me in a mocking tone. I don't answer him. I move towards him drawing my sword. The smile is instantly smacked of his face. He starts to beg for his life, telling me he's sorry and all this other crap. He is now on his knees crying at my feet. I have no respect for cowards like this. I cut his head off in one swift movement. I put my sword back in its place without blinking in eye. This was my life. It wasn't one hundred years ago I thought I was changing the world, making it a better place, but now, I feel like I am making it worse, I am feared by the people who have heard my tale, but not many people even believe I exist. I have the capability to convince myself of horrible things about myself, because I have to much time to myself. I have no friends and no family. I am lonely. Pathetic, I know, but that is the truth. I don't want to be alone anymore. As smart as I am, I need the company of other people to keep me sane, but their company will distract me from my duty. That is what I was put on this Earth to do. Eventually, I will impact the world enough for people to change their horrible ways, but I have a strong feeling that will never happen. People will be people, that live, consume and die. Many of them are afraid to be different. Many of them are afraid of failure, and because of this they don't push themselves to be better than what they are. That is my duty, to change people. Change their views and hopefully make the world a better place. My only problem is what then? What happens when I have full filled every thing I was born to do? I will be alone and worthless for all eternity. Chances are I will never be able to see my mother again. In times like these she would always know what to do. To this day I continue to miss her more and more. Every thing about her was perfect and I was too stupid to realise the opportunity I had been given. I failed, miserably. Not only as a God but also as a son, and that hurts the most. I had one job and I wasn't good enough. I removed myself from the alley and teleported myself to the gutter. The same gutter where my