So, basically I was scrolling through Tumblr (no I don't have an account because my parents suck :P), and I happened upon a headcannon about Nico being able to tie a cherry stem in a knot with his tongue, and I figured it would make a cute one-shot. Yeah, well, that cute one-shot turned into this. No smut, pretty clean actually, no cursing, and everything, but... It's not my best work. I tried to make the characters be as in-character as possible, but I don't know how I did. Guess you guys will be the judge of that. ;P R&R please! Cherry Stem Being in the infirmary for three days wasn't so bad, Nico decided. The infirmary was quiet and calm, and the Hecate cabin and the Hypnos cabin worked together to charm the infirmary after the war to make sure all the patients got plenty of rest-without nightmares. Nico thought this was amazing, as he was usually plagued with horrible nightmares, which usually caused him to wake up screaming, or just not to even go to sleep at all. The infirmary was quite nice, too, what with the sunlight streaming in through every window. Nico could see the strawberry fields from where he was laying. There was also Will Solace, who kept Nico smiling, or at least what passed for it, with jokes and his own silly mistakes. Will would walk in and trip over literally nothing, and then make a big deal about it. He'd flail and make an over-dramatic squeal as he tried to catch himself and what he was holding. Nico hasn't decided whether or not Will is doing it for his benefit, or if he's really just that clumsy and overdramatic. Nico thinks it's the latter. Speaking of over-dramatic clumsiness…. There was a loud crash and a low pitched yell, then Will came tumbling into Nico's line of view. The incredulous expression on his face was almost enough to send Nico into a laughing fit. Almost. Instead, he rolled out of his cot and offered to help Will up. "Get up, you klutz. How are you a doctor? I swear, I think you do more harm than good." Nico asked, helping Will up off the floor. "I'm a very good doctor, thank you very much. I've probably healed more campers than you've killed monsters." Will states, brushing off nonexistent dust. "Not likely," Nico mutters under his breath as he walks back to his cot and climbs back in. Will takes a stethoscope from around his neck and gestures for Nico to sit up. "Why?" Is all Nico asks before actually doing it. "Because I need to check your heart rate and your breathing. Also, you need to take off your shirt." Will stated calmly, causing Nico to shoot him an incredulous look. "Excuse me? Why the Hades would I need to take off my shirt?" Nico asked, crossing his arms. "Because it doesn't work as well if your shirt is on. Stethoscopes can only hear so much." Will informs Nico with a straight face. "Besides, I need to check if there are any physical injuries you obtained that might need tending to." Nico sighs, then reaches for the hem of his shirt, pulling it over his head. Will tsks at the mostly healed wolf claw marks. He puts the stethoscope on Nico's back, startling Nico with its lack of heat. "Breathe in deeply." Nico breathed in. "Now breathe out." Nico breathed out. Will had him repeat this a couple more times, moving the scope around occasionally, then moving the stethoscope to Nico's chest, listening to his heartbeat. Nico wasn't used to such close contact with anyone except Hazel, so the entire experience was quite awkward, and left Nico with a racing heart and a slightly pinked face. "Well, your heart-rate is a bit fast, but nothing that won't go away over a few minutes." Was it just him, or did Will's face look a little pink also? No, it was probably just the lighting. "And your breathing is normal, so that's good. But the darkness is still there, I could feel that much. How long did you say you've been shadow-traveling?" "Since I was ten." Nico answered. "That tells me nothing. How old are you?" Will asks, scrunching his eyebrows together. "Biologically? Probably about… eighty-eight? I was born in 1924. But, physically, I am fourteen. I think." Nico tapped his lips in concentration. "Yeah, that sounds about right." Will stared at him silently for a moment. Then nodded. "Okay, so you've been doing this since you were physically ten, right?" Nico nods. "Then you've been doing this for four years, on top of the journey you just took from Greece to New York." Nico nods. "Okay, so then, in order to get you back to complete health, I'm going to need you to not shadow-travel for a while." "How long is a while?" Nico asks. "Eh, about a year, give or take?" Will guesses. At Nico's incredulous expression, Will crosses his arms. "Don't give me that look. You need to let your soul heal." Nico scoffs. His soul? His soul was perfectly fine from what he could tell, if he even had one any more. "A year and a half ? My soul is fine, and even if it were damaged, it certainly wouldn't need a year and a half to heal." Nico grumbles, crossing his arms. Will simply fixes him with a stern look. "Percy told me you went through Tartarus. Alone." Nico cursed under his breath. Now why had he done that? "Percy said that he and Annabeth barely made it out with their sanity, and they had each other. You expect me to believe that you are completely fine after going through it alone ?" Will's voice hardens. "Yes! Because I am perfectly fine! I don't need your help, and I don't want your help. Why won't you just understand that?" Nico yells, hands balling into fists. Will rakes his fingers through his hair and sighs. "You are insanely stubborn, Nico. Why can't you realize that I want to help? I'm not doing this because I have to, it's because I want to . I want to help you, because I want to be your friend. But, no, you want to be stubborn as a rock and be a loner." Will pauses for a moment, breathing heavily. "So you know what? Fine. Have it your way." Will says softly, then storms out of the room, leaving a very drained and confused Nico standing with his fists clenched. Nico is frozen for a moment, then he groans and collapses on the bed behind him. What in Hades is wrong with me, he asks himself. Why can't I just let one person stay? This is his last thought before he falls asleep, curled up with tears streaming silently down his face. When Nico wakes, Will is walking into the room, shoulders slumped, face solemn, up until the moment he realizes Nico is awake. Will smiles brightly and straightens up, ignoring the fact that they fought only a couple of hours ago, and holds up a plate of fruit. "Glad to see you're awake. Hungry?" Will gestures towards the plate and Nico sits up, rubbing his eyes and reaching for the plate hungrily. "I guess so." Will chuckles. Nico notes something lurking in Will's eyes, a certain sadness. Nico pauses with a strawberry halfway to his mouth. "Something wrong?" He quirks an eyebrow at the solemn son of Apollo. Will glances over at him and smiles softly. "Nothing I can't handle." Will says quietly, and Nico can hear the sadness in his tone. Nico racks his brain then comes up with the only plausible reason he could think of. "Another death?" Nico asks quietly, putting the strawberry down. He'd felt the death earlier, but since it wasn't the jarring ringing in his ears that he'd feel when it was someone close to him, he'd ignored it. Will nodded. "He was new. Unclaimed. Centaur trampled him to death. I… I couldn't save him." Will's voice shook. "He was so young… Only about ten." Will added, his eyes welling up. Nico didn't know what to do. He didn't know what he was thinking, trying to comfort someone who was obviously quite distraught. He figured if anything, he'd make the son of Apollo feel worse, rather than make him feel better. But he had to try. "Fate is cruel. I'm sorry you feel like you didn't do enough, but you did what you could. It wasn't your fault." Nico assured him, rubbing his shoulder. Nico smiled what he hoped was a reassuring smile. "Thanks." Will mumbles, attempting to smile. Nico smiles back, or he tries to. "Can I eat now? You're depressing me." Nico picked up the strawberry again and moved to eat it, Will's eyes following the fruit as it made its way to Nico's mouth. Nico moaned as the juices swirled in his mouth. It had been years since he'd had a strawberry, and he knew now to appreciate it, because these things didn't last long. He ate a couple more strawberries before noticing Will glancing at the food wistfully. Nico held out a single strawberry. "You want one?" Will nodded, taking it out of his hand. He plucked the stem off and popped it into his mouth nonchalantly. Nico went back to the plate to get another when he realized the strawberries were gone. Nico sighed and grabbed a cherry instead. He put the entire thing in his mouth, stem and all, to Will's confusion. Nico noticed Will watching and held a finger up to tell him 'hold on.' Will watched in fascination as Nico spit the pit out and then pulled out a perfectly knotted cherry stem. Will cocks an eyebrow. Seems like di Angelo's got some secrets even he doesn't know about, Will thinks, surprised. Surely he knows… Doesn't he? Another stem joins the plate, knotted perfectly. I don't think he knows. Someone should tell him. Maybe he could get Lou Ellen to do it? Or Cecil? Or maybe you could grow some balls and do it yourself, a voice in the back of his head told him. Pfft. Shut up, he told it. He figured if he suddenly brought that up, Nico would either get really defensive or really embarrassed. The embarrassed Nico, Will figures he'd probably enjoy seeing, considering Nico is never flustered about anything, but a defensive Nico? No, thank you. Will had had enough defensive Nico for the day. He ultimately decided to drop it, shaking his head then smiling at Nico, who had been looking at him curiously. Will had been staring. Oh well. So what if the son of Hades was a-supposedly-good kisser? It wasn't like Will was ever going to find out, not that will wanted to, of course not. It's not like the Ghost King was attractive or anything, with his raven hair mussed from sleeping, and his perfect bow-shaped lips dripping with strawberry juice still, and-okay, now you're just being weird Solace, Will chastised himself. I wonder if I could do that, was his next thought. He picked up a cherry and popped it in his mouth, stem and all, then he proceeded to carefully eat the cherry itself, rather than accidentally chew the stem and ruin it. He spit the pit out, then began working on the stem. He twisted it one way, then another, but he couldn't get it to tie. He eventually gave up, pulling the stem out. It had a bend in it, but no knot. Will sighed. Oh well. Kissing doesn't help me heal people anyways, he consoled himself. He glances at Nico who was having no problem with tying the cherry stems, as there were multiple knotted stems on the plate, with more being added. "How do you do that?" Will blurts, having enough of his perfectly knotted stems. Nico froze, a cherry halfway to his mouth. "How