A/N: I know this is like my one thousand story—but this is a refine, revamped, and better story of my older story called Neutron Star Collision . I have to give it up to my co-writer and partner of crime Mamushka fka momoXvolturi aka Maple Syrup and Canadian Bacon. A Place for My Head belongs to Linkin Park. Check out for story updates on my facebook page bennyjuderoad/ and tumblr page .com A Place for My head I'm so sick of the tension, sick of the hunger Sick of you acting like I owe you this Find another place to feed your greed While I find a place to rest Maybe someday I'll be just like you And step on people like you do and Run away of the people I thought I knew I remember back then who you were You used to be calm, used to be strong Used to be generous but you should've known That you'd wear out your welcome And now you see how quiet it is, all alone Alexandra Alexandra. The origins of her name was Greek, the feminine version of Alexander, meaning defender of men. The name represented strength and power amongst mortals and immortals. She was to be glorious, a monument of new times to come. The beginning of history. However, as she stood within the confines of her room staring absently out the window—she felt numb. A hollow shell of something that was supposed to be beautiful. Instead she felt discarded—a mere decoration. Her very existence in the simplest of terms was a disappointment. A mockery for every single immortal to jest about. She was preordained to be a princess, held within a castle of dreams and fantasy, but this was no ideal kingdom for which she fount herself. A moan came forth from her barely parted lips as though summoning up her despair. Moving from her post she regarded the room; everything was immaculate, the simplicity in style did not diminished the opulence or caused it to be gaudy. It was a chamber that would have had any woman envious. Alexandra had only the best, she owned the most expensive, and lacked nothing—excepted what she really wanted. Her heart ached. It wailed out for things that it most desired—love and acceptance. She turned in the direction of her floor length vanity. The reflection before her was that of a beautiful young woman with eyes as dead and lifeless as a corpse. Passive emerald iris stared back at her reflection tracing over her immaculate mocha complexion. She cocked her head examining her high cheek bones and delicate lips. How ironic for her to noticed the similarities that her and her father share—both held the same defined cheekbones and bone structure. Petite with the face of an angel, Alexandra Volturi, was a sight to behold. But happy she was not. Within a castle full of demons, she had her fair share of mental wounds that only time and distance could heal. Today only added to those wounds of being unwanted, unloved, and discarded. "Happy birthday my angel," A small smile managed to curved her lips. She did not turn; knowing by heart whose beautiful and loving voice that spoke, belong too. However, like a shadow, bitterness always followed her happiness. Turning away from the mirror, she could no longer look at the sour creature that she had grown to be. "Thank you, my aunt, you're too kind," try as she may, she couldn't muster up any enthusiasm to match her well chosen words. "Come now," her Aunt chirped gracefully gliding over to her side and enwrapping her into a hug. Alexandra wrapped her arms around the thin frame of her aunt—squeezing her as tightly as though her life was dependent on it. She inhaled the affections of her aunt like a drug—knowing that this was the only love she would receive. She could have wept with how pathetic she had become. "You look to sad for a girl celebrating her names day." "What's the point? No one will come except you and perhaps Marcus. C-can we just skip it this year," Alexandra winced at how small her voice sounded. But all she wanted to do was just escape this god forsaken day. It only further reminded her of the life she lived and the rejection of her own flesh and blood. A man who didn't even care enough to remember the day in which she was born. By God's she just wanted to forget. To sleep so deep into her self pity and misery until the day pass. Her body was suddenly yanked back and she stared into the fierce expression of her aunt. "Now why would we do such a thing? Especially when we have such a wonderful reason to celebrate." Alexandra sighed. She loved her aunt, with every fiber of her being, but the woman would never understand how painful this day was. With over a hundred guards within the castle and fifty human servants only one person was guaranteed to celebrate her names day. Why some may ask. It was because no one cared. She was useless in their eyes. Alexandra heard the whispers she'd even heard it from her fathers own lips. " Why would anyone waste their time attending an event so pointless as her birth?" If no one else cared for her names day, then what was the point in celebrating it? To him it was no celebration, but a continuous reminder of her pointless existence and his failure. Today, was not a wonderful day, but one filled with so many painful memories that she could barely close her eyes without seeing the images. Pushing away from her aunt she stood, allowing her faint pink dress to flow behind her. Intending to go back to her window to look at the only source of peace that she has clung too these nineteen years—the sky. "Please Auntie, spare me the misery—just this year." Didyme stared at her niece with the sadness of a failed parent. No child should ever be filled with so much anguish and distress especially on their names-day. She could practically feel the pain radiating from her sweet niece seeping into her immortal body. However, Didyme would not let her niece fall into the pit of melancholy. She would make things right. She had to. For her beautiful Alexandra. Drifting to her niece's side she touched her soft warm rosy cheeks feeling the blood pulse within her hands. The warmth that she loved so much and yet her brother hated so fiercely. She smiled gently, catching her niece's breathtaking emerald eyes with the ruby hue of her own. Leaning forward she placed a soft kiss onto her cheek. "Maybe this year will be different," her eyes twinkled with determination. Even if her methods may prove to be lethal to her own life Didyme had to try. "Meet me in my chambers in ten minutes, Angel, you may be surprised this year," with one last kiss to her cheek she glided from her room. With the excitement and adrenaline of her next task she took long strides down the hall towards the west tower library. A place where her brother spent most of his days. With the added nervousness to her speed she was outside the library door within seconds. Touching her hand to the mahogany oak she began to push the door open, but quickly checked herself. She knew that one simple mistake as not knocking before entering his private area could mean the difference between a comfortable conversation or a vicious argument. Balling her small pale fist, she gave two sharp knocks before hearing his distinct 'enter '. The room smelt of Sandwood and mint. Wall length shafts held books that were dated of times past and mementos of a life that stretched with each new phase of a century. Rusted crimson drapery covered the windows of the west wall with the view of a city that was filled with paradoxes. The south wall held paintings by the Masters of the Renaissances, though different, their theme was the same—of conquest and power a personal favorite of his. The study was impeccable and cold—like the person who occupy it. "Brother," bowing her head in the proper respect that was due to his position and not solely due to him. "Sister, what is that you wish of me?" his tone was nonchalant as he stared dully at the pages before him. Didyme knew that she was walking on unsteady ground when it came to her brother. She was going to have to keep her wits about her if she was going to succeed. "Your day must be very hectic—surely it will be worst later on?" "It has been a very calm day and I see it being so for the rest of the day," he spoke disregarding one book and grabbing another. Didyme couldn't help but thank the gods that one issue was solve—now all she had to do was handle her plane accordingly. "Will brother, may you accompany me to my chambers it is of a very important matter that I want you to see." "Why is that sister?" annoyance itching in his voice, "I see no purpose." "Please Aro, it is of a very important matter." He stood from his seat; zipping in front of her brushing his hand against hers. Had her heart been beating it would have jump out of her chest. A simple eyebrow raised with a blank expression itched onto his features. He let go of her hand and went back to his seat once more engrossing himself in the text in his hand. Silence took over the room. "You've seen my thoughts," she came here with one purpose that she was going to see through—by the gods she was going to have her brother celebrate his only begotten daughter's names day—on her venom she was going to make it happen. "I have." "Well? Are you going to join in the celebration?" A dis-humorous laugh came forth from his red stain lips—a laugh that held no emotion sending a chill through her. "Celebration? For what?" he said turning the page. "It is only right, as lord of this castle…and ruler of our worldthat your presence shall be needed," she spoke those words, but what she truly wanted to say, "Your rightful duty as her father—that is why you should be there." However, she needed to be tactful—but she honestly didn't know how long she could keep up with this charade. "Well—enjoy your little revelry; however, I shall not be attending." "Please my brother, it is her nineteen names—" she was cut off. "I've stop counting since the sixth." His cold response sent a chill of displeasure through her as she looked at the man that she called brother. "It is only right—" once more she was cut off. "You say that as if I'm obligated by duty to go," he stood from his seat replacing the text with another. His back was turned. She had tried to be diplomatic now it was time that she was aggressive with her approach. "Yes, after all Alexandra is your daughter. " The room had fall into an unsettling silence—the tension was obvious in her brother's posture; he had become ridged as though a cold wind had swiped him. "That human is no child of mine," his voice barely below a whisper. Aro had been so sure that his seed would begin a new era to the vampire world. All that he was and more would be reflected in his child—his legacy, so pristine and magnificent that all would look upon her with jealousy. He was so sure about the birth of his child—his Alexandra most befitting, name after one of the most remarkable mortal conquers of his time—that was her birthright as his heir. However, the sister fates played him most foul giving him an everlasting burden and shame to to his