Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings and The Silmarillion belong to JRR Tolkien, may he rest in peace. The movie version belongs to Peter Jackson, long may he live. Inspirations were drawn from boz4PM's Don't Panic, Osheen Nevoy's Boromir's Return, Yvonne MacGrory's The Secret of the Ruby Ring, and every Mary Sue on the Pit of Voles, as is sometimes half-affectionately called. This character's diary, however, is indeed mine. Thank you very much and I hope you enjoy it. First Entry I swear, all I wanted was a bit of an adventure, maybe a chance to snog Legolas along the way. Okay, so I was really hoping for a chance to snog Legolas along the way, and maybe have him swear his eternal undying love for me. And then obviously the gods of Middle-Earth (the Valor, or whatever they were called) were supposed to grant me immortality so that I could stay with him because we were obviously the best couple in all of Middle-Earthian history. Forget Aragorn and Arwen. Legolas is much hotter than that scruffy, dirty ranger anyway, and once I arrived in Middle-Earth, I was sure I'd be a hundred times prettier than someone like Liv Tyler. I could win my Leggy over with my fighting skills and my bravery, and maybe a strategically well-endured wound or two, necessitating his nursing me back to health. Of course I could carry the ring for Frodo, too. People with faerie blood are immune to it. That's how they'll know I have faerie blood, even though I never knew my parents, because they died in some tragic accident when I was very young and I had a really hard life in the orphanage until I got to Middle-Earth. What wouldn't I give to see my mom and dad and little sister now. Mom would be yelling at me to do homework and Dad would be just sitting there watching TV and my sister would be in my room messing up all of my stuff and I swear, right now, I wouldn't mind. I would hug her and kiss her and go and do my homework without Mom telling me twice. Well, maybe twice. But not three times, for sure. Uh-oh. I've got to go. I was supposed to have the fires laid long ago, but I was just so tired. I'm always tired here, and I mean more than I would be after staying up too late out with my friends or something. I think it's the food, really I do. These people have never heard of proper nutrition. I'm probably not getting enough of some vitamin or other. I'll be back once I've got the fires lit. Whew, that was close. Prince Imrahil just rode in, and I would have been in big trouble if he'd been shown to his room on this cold and rainy night to find no fire waiting for him. I'm sure he's used to being cold and wet, after all, being a soldier and all that. But here and now he's a guest in the Steward's house, and seeing as he's the Steward's brother-in-law, as well as a Prince... he's to be given every possible courtesy. Which just means more work for me. I swear, if I ever get home I'm going to be really nice to the cleaning ladies, even that funny one with the glass eye. Maybe she's really some time-traveler from the future too, come back to our modern times with some crazy expectations of having adventures and being really special. I'm lucky, I guess. I could have just died of starvation on the streets of Osgiliath. It was a huge shock to discover that they didn't speak English. What was this whole "Common Tongue" supposed to be, if not English? First Aid Classes saved me, though. There was this little kid who tried to go swimming in the river and went in too deep. I'm a pretty good swimmer, so I got him out, but he wasn't breathing, so I had to give him artificial recess- reccessiteration? Well, I can't spell it properly, but I can do it. So he was okay. Then his older brother came in and some people told him what happened, and so he took me to the castle-thing at the top of the seventh level. It didn't look like it did in the movie. They had no grass lawn, for one thing, and the statues of the kings were really different. So was Denethor. I expected him to be just plain evil, but... he wasn't. In fact he seemed like a pretty decent guy. He managed to communicate that he wanted to give me a reward (turns out it was his son I saved), but didn't understand when I tried to tell him "Legolas" or "elf." So finally I just asked for food, and they gave me a job as a servant. Since then I've picked up a lot of the language, but I'm not fluent by a long shot. I tell people that I'd like to know where Legolas is and they think I'm crazy. Second Entry Everything is harder here. The cleaning that these people do is endless. But before they can even clean things, someone has to make it. I saw a blacksmith working on a sword, once, on an errand. Since I saw Legolas' actor do something like that in Pirates of the Caribbean, I would have thought it was really easy, but it wasn't. It took him weeks. I tried to pick it up and fence with it, but I just dropped it on my foot, nearly ruining the sword, and got in huge trouble. One of the other servants- I think her name was Sigyn- had to come and explain that I was just a halfwit. I would have been offended, but it made the smith stopped glaring at me, so I just did my best to look as half-witted as possible. Things like that seem to happen a lot. Like when I tried to ride a horse. I spent a nice long time in the Houses of Healing after that. Why couldn't they have just sent me to Rivendell? Elrond's ugly, of course, but Legolas would have been bound to stop by sooner or later. I am destined to be his one true love, after all. Is a short visit when I'm languishing with a broken arm too much to ask, even if I do live a bit out of his way? I think I've gotten stronger. I can wash things for longer without stopping, and that's a terribly pathetic way to measure one's strength but it's true. I always thought I was strong. I'd been in gym class. I passed the presidential fitness test or whatever. Then there are these Gondorians, who think nothing of running up all seven circles and then beating the crap out of every dusty rug in the Steward's house without pausing for breath. And that's just the servants: the actual soldiers do it in full armor while swinging aloft their aforementioned Giant Swords. Third Entry I saw Boromir trying to teach his younger brother- the one I saved- to fight today. Boromir's right about my age, and already they expect him to be fighting! Nevermind expect. He can. He's good. Faramir's making progress, too, even though he's so little. I wonder what would happen if I tried to teach my little sister something like that. She'd probably just get bored, throw the sword at me (presuming she could lift it) and wander off. It's weird, the way those brothers get along so well. Boromir just looks after Faramir, whether he's asked to or not, and doesn't seem to even get annoyed when Faramir just has to tag along after him. Again, if it were my sister, I'd have been threatening to strangle her long ago. I went and picked up the practice swords, when they were done. They were a lot lighter, which explained how little Fara had been able to hold his. So I was trying to act out The Princess Bride, complete with Westley and Inigo's banter, when I noticed Boromir watching me, looking rather amused. I turned red, dropped the sword, and commenced hopping around the courtyard on one foot reciting every swear word I knew in English and the few Westron ones that I had picked up from Sigyn when she had dropped and broken a chamber pot. Boromir was laughing his head off, but he stopped (or at least made a valiant effort to) when he saw that I was near tears. He came over and asked- through extensive use of sign language- if I wanted to learn to use a sword. I nodded. I remembered Ayowin's line in the second movie about those who didn't have swords still dying on them. Of course, presumably by the time any orks got to Gondor, I'd be with my Legolas on those ships with all the spooky green dead guys. But then I reflected that impressing Elf-boy with my fighting skills probably entailed knowing how to fight. So Boromir tried to teach me. He was patient, I'll give him that, and he made exaggeratedly delighted noises that I assumed meant "good job" every so often. Clearly he thought, along with the rest of the household, that I didn't have the brains God gave a mule. Hah. I'd like to see any of them pass Calculus, or Chemistry. Then we'd see who's the halfwit here! (...well, not that I was exactly acing any of them, per se, but still.) Boromir's a lot nicer than he was in the movie. I guess he just turns evil later on when he's older. I always thought he'd be really sexist, too, like he is in all the fanfics- whenever Aragorn's sister or someone turns up, he starts ranting about how women have no place fighting, and are no good at it anyway, and then she kicks his ass and he stomps off like a baby. And as much as I would just love to convince myself that I am the one responsible for convincing him that Women Can Be Just As Good As Men, my astounding show of feminine sword-prowess today did nothing other than disgrace my entire gender. I could tell that I was nowhere near even Faramir's level. Maybe Faramir's just a prodigy? Fourth Entry Ow. Sore. No long diary entry today, sorry. Geez, it was just a short sword-fighting lesson, with practice swords to boot, and most of the time was spent getting me to just hold it properly... forget anything I said yesterday about my having gotten stronger. I hurt in muscles that I would have sworn I didn't even have. Hey diary. I know I said earlier that I wouldn't be writing any more today, but I'm just really upset and I don't know enough Westron to talk to anyone else. Being so sore made me really slow at all of my chores. One of the higher-up servants yelled at me when I tripped and spilled the washing-basket all over the hallway, I snapped back at her to leave me alone, and she hit me. She actually hit me. Slapped me right across the face! I didn't believe it. I just stared numbly at her for a minute. I wanted to just fly at her and attack her, but I felt too sore and tired to stick up for myself, so I just collapsed into tears. Sigyn tried to tell that bully that I was just a halfwit and couldn't understand. I know that by saying it she was sticking up for me, but hearing it just made me cry all the harder. I hate this stupid city. I hate this stupid world. Stupid Peter Jackson. Stupid author, whatever his name was. Stupid language, stupid other servants, stupid me. Why did I ever think that I could belong here? I always thought that I would get here and everything