Katniss Everdeen tries to navigate the rough waters of long-distance with her boyfriend while juggling her time with a surprising new friend. But when Gale makes a decision that jeopardizes their relationship, Katniss realizes that she can settle the score. And she picks Peeta Mellark to help her get even. The damn "Thrift Shop" song was playing for the second time, and she'd only been at the party for 45 minutes. If that was any indication of how her night was going to go, she was ready to grab Gale and escape now. But Gale was already across the room, talking to three other guys and some blonde girl. His eyes caught hers and he smiled at her, and her mouth curled up at one end as she awkwardly waved in his direction. He looked like he was actually having fun, so she knew she wouldn't be bothering him. She needed to force her attention elsewhere. Earlier that evening, she insisted that he go and have fun with his friends. He already introduced her to his group when they arrived, and she had stood uncomfortably at his side the entire time they chatted, but now she just wanted to get away for awhile. Escape to someplace quiet. Too bad she was at frat party. She meandered around the large living room for a bit, then snuck down the hallway, killing some time by studying the various plaques adorning the walls. She contemplated using the bathroom, but then she remembered how gross college-age guys could be. "Catnip," Gale purred, stepping behind her to wrap his arm around her middle. He pulled her back against his chest and nuzzled her hair with his nose. "C'mon, don't you want to spend some time with me?" She spun around in his arms and smiled up at him. "I want you to have fun with your friends." "I want to have fun with my friends and my girlfriend." He tightened his grip on her as she sighed against his neck, standing on her tippy-toes to even reach him there. He mistook the exhale as a sigh of affection, and he wrapped his hand around her braid, tugging playfully. "I'm here, aren't I?" she asked. Wasn't that enough? She already drove over an hour to visit him at his university, and she agreed (happily, even!) when he practically begged her to attend this party. Did she really have to stick by his side all night, too? Nodding and smiling politely at strangers as they shared inside jokes with her boyfriend was not her idea of a good time. "I'm fine , Gale," she insisted. "I'm just exploring." "Do you want to leave?" It was at least the third time he'd asked since they arrived. "No," she insisted firmly. What she wanted was for him to want to leave. What she really wanted was for him to never even suggest that they spend their rare, precious time together at some college party. She didn't have the energy to have another argument, so she forced on a smile. "Go find your friends and relax. I'll be around. We'll have our time together later." He dropped a gentle kiss on her forehead. "Thanks again for coming here." "Of course," she replied, tight smile still in place. She watched him head back into the main living area, shaking her head. The Gale she remembered would never want to come to a frat party, but that Gale existed three years of college ago. This Gale would be graduating that spring, earning a shiny, expensive degree that would open all the doors for him. This Gale needed to blow off steam, and he wanted to do it with some pals from his mechanical engineering labs. Because this Gale had friends outside of her; friends he went to bars with, friends he ran student council campaigns for, friends he liked so much he couldn't even be away from them the one night of the month she made the trip down there to see him. She strolled into the kitchen, which was decidedly abandoned save for a few guys. Most of the party-goers were raging hard outside, and many of the others were hanging out in the main living area. So she took a seat at the island in the center of the room, and then pulled out her phone to play one of the games preprogrammed on it. "Yo, Mellark, these candles yours?" She looked up to find one of the guys near the keg addressing the guy raiding the fridge. He gestured to the three jar candles lit before her. The one rummaging through the fridge didn't even bother lifting his head to respond. "Yeah, Thresh, I brought candles. Jackson brought the vodka and I brought the candles, so we're all set." The guy near the keg (or "Thresh" she deduced using her superb detective skills) walked up next to her and examined the candles more closely. "Man Town? Fucking man candles? Are you kidding me?" He looked over at the guy working the keg. "They make candles for men now, dude!" The guy tapping the keg didn't seem interested, but the one at the fridge poked his head out and grinned. He had blond hair that fell in waves just over his forehead, and he was kind of cute in that typical all-American, college-guy way. "Yankee Candle finally heard your pleas, man." "Shit," Thresh said, reaching for one. "Imma have to get me some of these." He sniffed the jar labeled First Down and smiled. "Man, it does smell like football." He held out the candle to Katniss. "Doesn't this smell just like fucking football?" Katniss grimaced as she leaned away from the candle. She couldn't smell a damn thing thanks to a cold that still had her congested. "Uh, I don't know. I don't know what football smells like." "Well, here at Capitol University, it smells a lot like tears and failure," the blond guy said with a smile. He set a couple boxes from Domino's on the counter, and his eyes met hers. She could only muster up a neutral expression, a step up from her usual scowl for sure, but he continued to grin her way. "Don't listen to him," Thresh said to her. "We're 3-1 so far. His fancy little college don't even have a team." "C'mon, let's get this out there," the other guy interrupted, gesturing to the tapped keg. He and Thresh wheeled it out of the room, and that left her suddenly alone with the happy blond. Not wanting to make eye contact, she turned her attentions back to her phone, dutifully ignoring him as he trifled through the boxes of food. She snuck a quick peek at him as he opened up a container and sniffed. Then he looked up at her, as if he could feel her eyes on him. She dropped her gaze back to her phone, nervously flipping her braid from one shoulder to the other as she did it. "Whoa, hey!" she heard suddenly, and then the blond guy was right next to her, grabbing her hair and beating his hand against the ends. "Jesus, careful!" She was about to protest when the smell of singed hair met her nostrils. So her nose worked after all. The mortification over it hit her not long after the smell did. Did she really just catch her hair on fire? On that stupid man candle? "You okay?" he asked as she inspected the damage, which was minimal. She'd still need a trim, though. "Yeah," she replied, red-faced. "Thanks, I guess." He had moved over to the other side of the counter, and he was already eating a piece of old pizza. He chewed quickly as his brow furrowed, and once he swallowed, he said, "You guess? Wow, don't fall over yourself to show some appreciation." He moved on from the pizza to a box of bread bites, and he studied one cautiously before popping it into his mouth. "Well, these are disgusting," he said, though he continued to eat them. "Are those even yours?" she asked pointedly. He obviously didn't attend CU, so he couldn't be living at the frat house. She thought it was damn rude to eat other people's food. "What's a few bread bites between friends?" he asked. "And we're all friends here." He stopped and eyed her. "Except you. I don't remember ever seeing you here before. You new?" The question was asked in such a friendly tone that it was almost hard to be annoyed. Almost. "I'm not from around here." "Oh yeah?" he asked, his blue eyes bright. "Me either. I actually go to Panem College. What about you?" "I don't go to school," she answered with a frown, realizing they were practically neighbors. "But I live about fifteen minutes from PC." She honestly hated Panem College. It was the school Gale turned down because of its exorbitant cost. It was the reason he was away now. "Cool. So what brings you here?" He was a nice enough guy, she supposed, so she didn't hate talking to him. But if he was only being kind to try to get into her pants, then she was going to take pleasure in telling him this. "My boyfriend." She hid a smile, waiting for him to spectacularly fail this secret test. Many guys would check out about now. She craned her neck to try and spot Gale in the other room. He was talking to some blonde girl, immersed in conversation, and she pointed him out. "Oh," he said, following her direction. "The biggest guy here. Awesome." She grinned at that. "So is he the jealous, rage-filled type?" he asked. "Definitely." "Good thing I just saved your life then," he replied. "He'll probably want to thank me." "You hardly saved my life." "I don't know, you've got a lot of hair. You probably would have lit up like a human torch. You're welcome, by the way." She scowled, then reached for the bread bites to read the bar-coded sticker adhered to the side of the box. "These are from three weeks ago!" she exclaimed, tossing them in the nearby trash can. "There. Now we're even." "Thank you," he replied sincerely. "See, that wasn't so hard." He was still smiling in amusement when Gale came up to them, clearing this throat. But he didn't look upset at all. In fact, he was actually smiling too. "Hey, Mellark. What's up?" "Not much, man. How've you been?" "Real good." He turned his attention back to her. "C'mon, Kat. There's some people I want you to meet." As he took her hand and led her out of the room, she looked over her shoulder to acknowledge this Mellark boy one more time. He raised his hand to wave a goodbye that she didn't return. Two weeks later, she was at her local mini-mart, putting twenty bucks worth of gas in her car before running inside to pay. It was colder out than she had anticipated, and she was wearing her zip-up hoodie instead of a coat. As she stood in line, she stared at the display of individually wrapped cookies near the cash register. She had closed the store that night, and all she had for dinner was a sad Lean Cuisine, so she grabbed a macadamia nut one, reasoning that it had been a long shift and she deserved a treat. The man in front of her was arguing loudly with the older woman behind the counter, insisting that he had earned more off a gallon of gasoline than his member card was stating. Katniss mentally rolled her eyes. This was going to take forever. "Girl on fire!" she heard someone exclaim, and then the guy she'd met at the frat party earlier that month was next to her. She still didn't know his first name. "Boy with the bread bites," she greeted unenthusiastically. Now the enraged customer was demanding to speak