The blowout was the cherry on top of a shit sundae that was Katniss's post-collegiate life. One moment she was trying to keep her composure, then suddenly she was trying to maintain control of her car as it careened wildly into the other lane. Not just a flat tire, which she could easily fix on her own thanks to her father's tutelage, but a blowout- a rapid loss of pressure leading to an explosion that had the ability to destroy her if she didn't keep her head straight. How apt it happened now. How perfect a parallel it was to her relationship with Gale. Although, she mused (with shaky hands still clenching the steering wheel as her heart continued to race down the interstate) it wasn't the loss of pressure but the sudden overabundance of it causing their explosion tonight. Deep breath, she told herself. Take a deep, calming breath. Her eyes fell shut as she concentrated on the slow inhales and exhales, then popped open when she heard the insistent tapping on her window. "Are you okay?" She pressed down on the power button and met the eyes of her Good Samaritan, who also happened to be a familiar face. While she'd only met Peeta a couple times in passing-he was a friend of her father's- there was something about him that struck her enough to remember him. "Katniss," he said with a sigh as he recognized her immediately. "Do you want me to call your dad?" She managed a firm no before dissolving into tears. "Don't call him," she begged as he opened her car door to help her out. Her father didn't need to see her like this, a sobbing wreck all broken up over a break-up. How embarrassing. "It's been a bad night," she admitted as Peeta repeated his first question. His concern for her was visible, and she didn't shrug off his touch as he clapped her shoulder and squeezed affectionately. "Sounds like you need a drink," he said after the story of her fight with Gale came tumbling out. Then he teased, "You're 21, right?" She straightened her shoulders and scowled. "I'm 22. And a half." He laughed at that and she scowled harder, but she allowed him to call a tow truck for her, and then he walked her to his car and held the door open for her, too. At the bar, she learned a little more about Peeta Mellark as she nursed her glass of white wine. She learned that he ordered his drink by requesting their best beer on tap. She learned that he wasn't actually a coalminer, but a mine safety engineer. And she learned that despite being a couple years younger than her father, they had the same lame sense of humor that Katniss rolled her eyes at but secretly loved. "Got any kids?" she asked as the conversation started to dwindle. "Nope," he answered simply. She was surprised. "Really?" "Never been married, either. I'm a spinster." She took another delicate sip of her wine. "Well, I'm never getting married, so I guess I'll be a spinster, too." He picked up on the bitterness behind her comment, and he swiveled on his bar stool to face her. "Want to talk about it?" he asked, probing gently. The weird thing was, she kind of did. But no way was she going to admit that she and Gale got into a massive fight because she didn't want to give him a blow job, and how that escalated into another fight that ended with him ending it. "Not really." She was hungry, though. She thought about telling him that but then imagined he'd reply with, "Well hello, Hungry. I'm Peeta. It's nice to meet you." "Want to split some crab cakes?" she asked instead. "Absolutely." They chatted some more as they ate and she finished her wine, and then he drove her home, where he stopped in to talk with her father as she lingered in the kitchen. "You okay, sweetie?" her father asked after Peeta left. He only knew about the blowout, not the breakup, but she was already feeling a little better about both. "Yeah, Dad. I'm okay." Katniss didn't have many ways to fill her time outside of looking for a teaching position and tending to things around her childhood home. Her parents were being incredibly supportive of her, both financially and emotionally, but sometimes she really just needed to get out of that house. With limited options in her small town, she often headed to the mall, where she could wander around for hours without drawing much attention to herself. These weekly dates alone were becoming part of her routine, and she always ended her trip with a soft pretzel before stopping at her favorite store, an art supply/craft shop near the main entrance. Before Prim left for college, she'd raised a brow when Katniss pulled her into The Art Box for the first time. But Prim was off to a fresh start across the country, with a whole world of possibilities open to her, and all Katniss had was a degree and anemic resume, so planning how she would decorate her classroom after she secured a teaching job was one of the few things that made her happy. That was three months ago and planning was still all she had. "Hey." She turned immediately at the sound of his voice, and he smiled kindly at her as he shifted the small basket filled with watercolors from one hand to the other. "Hi," she replied as she took a step back from the inspirational posters. "Working on a new project?" It was easy to talk to Peeta, and they now chatted amicably on the few occasions they ran into each other. She knew he painted as a hobby, just as he knew that she liked to hit up the outdoor archery range when the weather was decent. "Not really, just replenishing the supplies while I'm in the area. What are you up to?" "Just…daydreaming, I guess," she sighed. He'd already heard her voice her frustrations about finding a job, and she was sure her father also kept him up-to-date about it as well. She seemed to lack all of the connections necessary now to get a teaching position, and now she was starting to feel like she'd never get a classroom of her own. His brow furrowed as he looked over her shoulder to see what she was browsing. "You should pick something," he said. "Your starter piece. Maybe it'll be good luck for you." Luck didn't exist, she wanted to say. It was all about who you know, and she didn't know anyone. But before she could snort derisively at his suggestion, he smiled charmingly again. "Come on, it's on me." "You don't have to do that, Peeta." She liked that she could call him Peeta. It didn't feel weird, or somehow disrespectful. "I want to. So what will it be? Einstein sticking out his tongue or the 'Hang in there!' kitten?" She thought for a moment before shyly reaching for a world map. "Another classic," he said with a nod. They walked to the checkout together, and she thanked him again before they parted ways at the Orange Julius. "I'm sure I'll see you around," he smiled again before leaving, and as she tucked the poster under her arm, she hoped it wouldn't be too long before their paths crossed again. "I need a job," she told her father for the millionth time. "You need some money?" he asked, absently fishing for his wallet to pull out a twenty. "No, Dad," she sighed, exasperated. "I mean, yeah, but not, like, an allowance. I need a salary. I need an actual paycheck." "You'll get there, Kitty," he told her as he went back to his newspaper. "You've got the rest of your life to work. Why don't you try to enjoy your time off while you can?" He wasn't getting it. She graduated college nearly six months ago. "I applied at a few stores today," she admitted. He lowered the paper to eye her warily. "I thought we agreed that you'd wait for a teaching job? Your mom can always use your help around here. And if you need some money, just ask." She bit back a not-so-grateful response. Her parents were being really great with her, and she knew they liked that they were now in a position to take care of her without sacrifice. There were some lean years growing up, before Katniss's mother graduated from nursing school and prior to her dad's promotion in the mines. Her parents had her right out of high school and they struggled for everything, and she knew they didn't want her to have to do the same. But she wanted to do it on her own. She wanted her grades and boards to mean something, even if it was just a callback at the local grocery store. "I want to be able to support myself." "Well, you can't do that on minimum wage, Katniss." The truthfulness of that statement was doubly annoying. "I know. But it's a start at least. I think it'll be good for me to get out there." He heaved a sigh as he dropped his paper onto the table, and she was sure he was going to lecture her again. Instead, he paused thoughtfully before relaxing back in his chair. "I think Peeta's office is looking for a secretary. At least you'd make some more money there. I'll give him a call tonight." Something about that thrilled her, and deep down she knew it wasn't just the prospect of employment. "Sounds like you've got a crush on him," Madge stated before cracking her gum, and Katniss winced as the obnoxious sound reverberated over the phone line. She responded immediately with an indignant, "Do not!" Then she realized how damn childish they both sounded, and she rolled over on her back and stared up her bedroom ceiling in frustration. "Maybe it would be good for you, you know. Things didn't work out with Gale, so maybe it's time to put yourself out there again." "He's fourteen years older than I am." It was a simple, factual statement, but she said it with a resigned sigh. "And he's technically my boss now, and friends with my father. It couldn't be more inappropriate." "Sure it could. But he's not married, and he sounds nice, and you definitely think he's cute." She never said that. "And," Madge continued. "There's something really hot and forbidden about it. Oh! And I bet he would be super into it. Men love younger girls. "He'd probably be pretty thankful. Mature, and experienced, and thankful." "I gotta go, Madge," Katniss said. She didn't wait for a reply before disconnecting the call, and as her thumb hovered over the screen, she realized how pathetic she was. These were supposed to be the best years of her life, but she was spending them in her childhood home, gossiping with her only friend on a cell phone her parents still paid for. She needed an out, and she hoped the new job at the mines would be it. Peeta's "office" was a double-wide with three separate rooms. Her desk was in the main area, just off his door, and she was disappointed to find out how little time he actually spent there. But when they were done at that site, they'd hitch the trailer and drive off to the next one. For once she was gainfully employed, and the stability the job offered meant everything to her now. Peeta's presence, scarce as it might be, was just a bonus. "You were in the Air Force?" He nodded as he leaned further back on the sofa that was in the corner of his office. They were in the middle of a conversation about his family when he dropped that bomb, and her eyes darted around the