The first time she really, truly considers it is early May. The week before The Avengers is released, Gale's as excited as a kid on Christmas Eve. Katniss is more a TV fan than movies, and she knows next to nothing about comics, but she agrees to see it with them because it's not like there's anything else good playing in the theaters. To Gale's absolute devastation they can't go to the midnight showing. They have school and he has an 8 a.m. lecture the next day and it's too close to finals to blow anything off. But they meet at the Waterfront for the last matinee showing. It's packed. As her best friend heads immediately for the concession stand so he can load up on a week's pay worth of junk food, Peeta tries to explain some of the backstory to her. It's not an easy feat considering she's only seen the first Iron Man. Gale rolls his eyes when she repeatedly calls Hawkeye 'Nighthawk' and she rolls hers as they both gasp when Scarlett Johansson appears onscreen for the first time. "God bless Imax," Gale whispers as Peeta nods in agreement, wide-eyed and open-mouthed. She tries to stay awake. She really, really does. She loves Robert Downey Jr. and the actress she likes from How I Met Your Mother is even in it, but it's so long and she's exhausted. She startles herself awake when the end credits are rolling and Peeta's hoodie is draped over her. It smells so good. Like really, really, really good. Sweet but decidedly manly. And that's what does it. "Great movie, huh, Katniss?" he asks with a knowing smile. "Uh, yeah." She's completely dumbfounded by this reaction to him. Gale shakes the rest of the pack of Snowcaps into this mouth and grunts in reply. The next time she thinks about it is a week later, and they're in his room. She's copying his AP notes from the previous year for her English class as he tries on different ties for a National Honor Society banquet later that night. She sifts through his color-coded binder with amusement. Peeta should major in organization at Penn. He's standing in front of his full-length mirror, deftly working a Windsor knot, when she catches herself staring at him from his bed. His back is to her and his dress pants are…a really good fit. "Is that what you need?" She shakes her head furiously. "What? Huh?" "Those notes. Are they the right ones?" "Oh. Yeah, they're great. Thanks." He eyes her suspiciously from the mirror but goes back to his tie. "Actually, do you mind if I take them with me? Prim will be home soon so I gotta go." She scrambles off of his bed, the binder in her arms. "Yeah, sure, keep them as long as you need to." But she's already gone. It only gets worse for her, all of it nearly coming to a head the following Sunday. He's giving her a lift home from Gale's when they see the old, beat up Dodge parked on the side of the road and the young woman pacing along the passenger side. Peeta takes a sharp left on Bates Street so they can circle around to help her. She has a little girl and a baby in the car and she knots her fingers together nervously when Peeta's truck pulls up behind her. "Need some help?" he asks with a kind smile. She stammers that she's out of gas. "Well that's an easy fix," he assures her. He turns to Katniss as she leans against the hood of his F-150. "I'm gonna run to Sheetz. Mind staying with them? I'll be back in 10 minutes." She agrees and offers him a small smile as he heads off before the stranger can stop him. "I'm Katniss," she tells the woman. "And that's Peeta." "Leslie," she replies before stepping closer to her, her head ducked. "Look, this is really embarrassing but I only have a few dollars with me. I…I can't pay your boyfriend back right now. I'm so sorry." Boyfriend ? That's what throws her. "Oh, don't worry about it," she says. She tries to imitate Peeta's easygoing smile. It doesn't come as naturally as his but it seems to do the trick. She's happily chatting with the little girl when Peeta returns a short time later. He has two large fuel containers with him and he waves Leslie off when she tries to explain her situation. "Don't worry about it," he says, unknowingly echoing Katniss. They see them off and Katniss has to force herself to not stare at him the rest of the drive home. Boyfriend. She used to get so annoyed when people assumed she was with Gale just because they hung out together. Then she learned to simply shrug and ignore it. But this time, with Peeta, it sends a small thrill through her. The woman assumed they're a couple. And couples hold hands and kiss and share looks that are just for them. It's just his innate goodness, she tells herself. Katniss has always had a weak spot for kindness and these new…feelings are simply a manifestation of that. But, she reasons to herself, it's not like she wants to jump on Gale and climb him like one of the trees in the woods behind her old house, and Gale would have done the same thing for that woman. Probably not with nearly a full tank's worth of gas, or without a good-natured lecture on the dangers she just put her engine in, but he still would have done it. Gale's like family. Peeta…Peeta should be like family, too. But dammit, he's not. So she's in a decidedly bad mood by the time he drops her off. "So are you coming over tomorrow to watch the House finale?" she asks. "Can't. I'm reading to the blind after school." "Oh for fuck's sake, Peeta!" she snaps, and then slams the door and stomps off to her house. It's just her hormones, she tells herself. It was bound to happen sooner or later. She's lucky she was able to avoid it for as long as she has. And of course it's Peeta. Peeta's the one going away, moving to Philadelphia in the fall for college. He'll be halfway across the state. It might as well be halfway across the world. So she'll miss him. She's been fond of him since the day Gale invited him over to play video games after the two met at a science fair. They were in the same class since kindergarten but had never spoken before then. " Hey, this is Peeta," Gale had told her, his eyes never leaving the screen as he worked the controller. "He's not a total dick." High praise from Gale. Peeta waved shyly back to her. "Hi. Peeta Mellark: not a total dick." Her friend is leaving and she'll miss him and that's why she's been wondering what it would be like to lick his jaw. "I'm going to live on campus," Gale announces the next day. "I figure a couple grand more in loans will be worth the full college experience, right?" So he'll be in the dorms at Pitt. That's not across the state but they still won't see each other as often. She tries. She really does. But…nothing. "Full college experience?" He smirks. " Full college experience." Now she's pretty sure he really means balls deep in sorority sisters. But the only thing she feels for him is happy. He's worked hard at the community college for the last two years and now with his mom's recent promotion, he can finally be a 20-year-old guy. As a test, she tries to imagine Peeta balls deep in sorority sisters. She nearly has a rage blackout. She is so screwed. "Are you mad at me?" "I'm not mad at you," she tells him, but it's not very convincing. "You won't even look at me." She sighs in annoyance but reluctantly meets his eyes. "Happy now?" "Look, I'm not going to be one of those kids who stops volunteering everywhere because they already got their college acceptance." "Iknow! I like that you're still volunteering." "Then why are you mad at me?" Because, she thinks with a clenched jaw, you're stirring up things inside of me I really don't want to deal with right now. Hell, the day before at her dentist appointment, she actually read the Cosmopolitan article on blow job tips instead of rolling her eyes at it like she usually did. It's downright uncharacteristic and it's all his fault. "I'm not mad at you," she repeats. "Good, because it's our last lunch period together so we should enjoy it." Yeah, last lunch period together because they'll be graduating soon and then Peeta will be 300 miles away at the University of Pennsylvania. Balls deep in sorority sisters. Now she's mad. Everything about him is infuriating, she decides. The way he double knots his shoelaces. His stupid broad shoulders. His favorite pair of worn blue jeans that are fraying at the hem of his left pant leg. His laugh, which is so deep and rumbling that it nearly shakes her. His perfectly straight, bright white Hollywood teeth that only required one year of braces. The way he helps Prim with her Geometry homework. His Christopher Walken impression which is really the worst impression ever and only makes her laugh because it's just that bad. She can't stand the way he's so friendly to everyone , whether they're the homecoming queen or an awkward 7th grader or a homeless guy outside of the shopping plaza. Everyone gets the same smile and direct eye contact and a genuine ear for their words. Everyone. And it's so annoying the way he can quote direct lines from movies he's only seen once. Or how he always saves his DVR'd episodes of Parks and Recreation to watch with her because she usually has to work Thursday nights. What about that time he almost got into a fight with Justin Cato in Current Events when he made a rape joke? Doesn't it just figure that Peeta would be the one guy in the class to do something about it? And he actually skipped out on their senior prom when he knew she couldn't afford to go but wouldn't allow him to pay for anything. He missed The Prom, one of the defining moments of their teenage lives, just to hang out with her and watch horror movies. Enraging, really. He can be so sanctimonious sometimes (though he'd be the first to admit it). And he's not close with his family and probably can't wait to get a fresh start in Philly (though Katniss totally understands that). She hates how perfect he is, and how when he's not perfect that just makes him seem more perfect. She hates him. "You love him," Prim says as she flips through the radio stations. "What?" Katniss nearly chokes on her indignant laughter. "You're insane." She was just telling Prim her theory that Peeta was a sociopath, perhaps even already a serial killer, and Prim gets love from that? Prim shrugs and settles on 96.1 Kiss as the last chorus for Call Me Maybe chimes on. "Aw, we missed it," she says more to herself than to Katniss, then turns the dial again to the next pop station. The same song is just starting and Prim relaxes back in the seat, satisfied. Katniss's hands tighten on the steering wheel. "I hate Peeta," she declares. She doesn't have to see her sister to know she's staring at her incredulously. "He's one of your best friends!" "That changes nothing." "Well," Prim says, undeterred, "I think you should probably do something about it. You know, before he leaves. Otherwise he's going to eventually move on and you'll just hate yourself for it." Katniss says nothing so Prim takes the opportunity to continue. "He'd probably