a/n: Many thanks to loving-mellark for the banner and peetasbunmyoven for prereading. Hugs to you both! Love is patient... Peeta had used up the last of his art supplies making a wetlands diorama a couple weeks ago for the science block, and there just wasn't any money for more, not since his parents were forced to close the bakery. As Sister Trinket trilled on about an exciting new project for their 6th grade reading comprehension course, he worried about what he'd be forced to ask his mother to buy. She already complained constantly about the cost of the Catholic school's tuition and uniform expenses, so the last thing he wanted to do was beg her for styrofoam balls and paint. "Manners!" Sister Trinket admonished, tapping her ruler against Jason Marvel's desk to quiet him. She continued to march between the rows of students, glaring at anyone who seemed remotely distracted. "As I was saying, your next assignment is a special project for which I'll allow you to work in pairs. I'll choose your partner." A soft groan of dissent rolled throughout the class, but Sister Trinket continued undeterred. While she explained the guidelines, Peeta's eyes wandered to the back of Katniss Everdeen's head. She recently started wearing her hair in a single braid plaited neatly down her back, and the raven strands against the stark white of her polo shirt was like a flashing arrow demanding his full attention. He was still focused on Katniss when Sister Trinket repeated his name. He blinked, his eyes moving from the girl's braid to the nun's habit. "Let's see who you'll be working with, Peeta," she said, not unkindly. His mother always talked about Effie Trinket, saying she couldn't believe the woman entered the church when she used to wear pounds of makeup as a teenager. Peeta didn't understand what eyeshadow had to do with faith, but his mother didn't think Effie was fit to serve God. Peeta liked her, though, and Sister Trinket seemed to have a soft spot where he was concerned, never rolling her eyes or acting impatient like some of the other nuns when he failed to answer a question correctly or follow along in class. He waited as the nun dipped her hand in a glass bowl filled with slips of paper. Each one held the name of someone on the other side of the classroom, and Peeta was hoping he'd be paired up with either Marvel or Cato. Sister Trinket unfolded the paper and smiled. "Katniss Everdeen." Katniss Everdeen. His stomach lurched, eyes wide as saucers. No, no, no. Anyone but her. Peeta had a massive crush on Katniss since kindergarten, but he'd gotten through the years without ever having to actually talk to her. That was fine by him until he could gather up the courage to tell her something worth saying. In the mean time, he was content to just smile shyly at her if their eyes happened to meet. She never smiled back. It hurt, but he figured that was why they called them crushes. He fidgeted uneasily for the rest of the lecture, refusing to look over at her seat again. After class, he met up with his friends and listened as they grumbled about the project. He sneaked a glance toward Katniss's direction and saw that she was taking her time gathering her things, and then she turned towards them. He wasn't paying much attention to what the other guys were saying now as he watched her walking his way. "I have to go," he told the other boys as she approached. He met her halfway, right in front of Sister Trinket's desk. Steeling himself for their first real interaction, he tried to smile as she clutched her books to her chest, but his heart was pounding too hard for him to manage one. "Would you like to get started on the project today?" she asked, her eyes locked on his. The project was to pick a few verses from the Bible and interpret the meaning and significance. He'd just been happy that it wouldn't cost anything, reading in front of the class, but that was before he realized he'd have to read with her . "Sure," he said, proud of himself for how easily that word passed his lips despite her intimidating presence before him. He was glad it was a Thursday, which meant he didn't have to be at Crane's to unload trucks. "Wanna meet at the library?" "I have to watch my little sister after school," she said with a head shake. "You can come to my house. My mom will drive us." He gaped at her in amazement, loving that she didn't really ask him. It was just how he always imagined her, this quiet but commanding presence. "Yeah! That sounds good." "I'll meet you on the front steps after school," she told him before leaving the classroom. He stood in a stupor until he realized he'd have to call home and tell his mother about this change of plans. That was enough to bring him back down. Since he had lunch the next period, he decided to head down to the office to borrow the phone. The school secretary, Ms. Sae, liked him well enough, so she probably wouldn't mind. He smiled big when he saw her at her desk. "Can I use- I mean, may I use the phone?" he asked, correcting himself when he remembered how she chided him before for using the wrong word. A pair of eyeglasses dangled around her neck by a strand of pearls, and she slipped them on, perching them on the tip of her nose. "Yes you may, Peeta." He dialed his parents' phone number and listened anxiously as it rang, and when his mother answered with a brusque hello, he launched into an immediate explanation of why he called. He held the receiver tightly against his ear, flashing a plastered on smile to Ms. Sae and hoping she couldn't hear his mother yelling at him on the other end of the line. Her permission was a hard win, but after he got it, he thanked the secretary again and headed off to his next class. Minutes ticked by tortuously slow, and it was harder than ever to pay attention to the lessons as he waited for the end of the day. Then it was almost time, finally, to meet her. He stood in front of the full-length mirror in the boys' restroom and carefully combed his hair. Once he was satisfied with his appearance, he rolled up the sleeves of his oxford shirt and hitched his bookbag over his shoulder before heading out. Nervous was about the only word he could think of to describe how he felt, but it wasn't good enough. He was nervous and scared, but excited. He was looking forward to it more than anything, but dreading it just as much. It was a confusing mix of emotions and he didn't know what to do with them. She was already waiting outside by the time he made it to the front entrance, and he immediately recognized little Primrose Everdeen standing next to Katniss. Back before the bakery went out of business, Prim used to come in occasionally with Mr. Everdeen, and she'd stare in awe at the cake displays while Peeta stayed back behind the counter with his father. He said hello to get their attention, and Katniss quickly introduced Prim, who ducked her head shyly and stayed glued to her sister's side. They waited in silence for Mrs. Everdeen, and Peeta kept thinking about things to say, but he always decided against actually saying them. A white Toyota pulled alongside the curb a few minutes later, and Katniss guided Prim toward it as she called over her shoulder that this was their ride. A pretty blonde woman in light pink scrubs was behind the wheel, and Peeta hesitated at the car door, not sure if he was supposed to sit in the back with Katniss and Prim, or take the vacated front seat. "Mom, this is Peeta," Katniss said as she slid over to make room for him. "We're working on a school project together." "Hi, Peeta," she called as he climbed inside, and then they were off to the Everdeens' house on the other side of town. His mother used to mock these developments when they were being built, but Peeta couldn't understand why. The neighborhood looked nice, with perfect rows of modestly sized homes and manicured lawns. Mrs. Everdeen parked in front of a large ranch at the end of the cul-de-sac to drop them off, the car's engine was still running as she went over instructions with Katniss. "Your dad will be home in about 45 minutes," she said. "Chaff and the guys are working in the basement, so let them know if you need anything. I put some snacks in the fridge if you get hungry." "Got it," Katniss said before shutting the car door. Mrs. Everdeen waved goodbye as she turned around and drove off, and Peeta waited awkwardly for the Everdeen girls to lead him inside. "We can work in the kitchen," Katniss announced as she charged toward the front door with her little sister in tow. "Do you have any homework, Prim?" Prim smiled widely and described her workbook assignments, and Katniss listened to every word as she hung her bookbag on one of the wall hooks in the entryway. As they talked, Peeta stepped further into the house, peering into the living room and taking it all in. He wasn't sure what his mother was talking about, because the Everdeen home was very nice and comfortable. There was even a fireplace with a big wooden mantel, and a small family photo was centered as the focal point. He inched closer for a better look. It was only a 4x6, and he guessed-based on the quality- that it was taken with the family's camera and not a professional's. But everyone looked so happy. Two proud parents with their daughters, all smiles as they stood in front of a beautiful backdrop featuring a lake and small cabin. Peeta didn't have very many family photos hanging up in his house. As Katniss showed him to the kitchen, he realized that he was a little jealous of how peaceful and perfect everything here appeared to be. "Do you have a favorite verse?" Katniss asked as she spread some folders out on the table. He took a seat across from her and next to Prim, who now smiled shyly at him before ducking her head again and getting back to work. Prim was adorable, probably no older than 6 or 7. He wished he had a little sister. "Um, not really," he answered, scratching at his head and unknowingly ruining his carefully styled part. "Do you?" She shook her head as she leafed through her study Bible. "We could pick one of the more well known, longer ones," she said. "It'd probably make it easier." His face was growing warm, and he hoped it wasn't turning red in embarrassment. Katniss was a star student, but Peeta most definitely was not. Of course she'd know she had to make things "easier" just so he could keep up. But the verses she picked, famous or not, were far from easy. At least for him. He stumbled over the sentences when it was his turn to read, and he scratched at his head again as he felt Katniss watching him. Righteous . The rest of the verse was hard enough, but this word tripped him up the most. "It's okay," she told him. "Just sound them out." He tried to take his time doing as she said, but knowing she was right across from him and listening intently made it more difficult. He was always embarrassed by his reading ability and grades, but this was a hot shame that was catching in his