I do not own The Hunger Games or any of the characters. Obviously. My previous account, thehungergameswordsmith, I have forgotten my login details as it was almost 3 years ago, and support has not replied to any of my emails asking for help. I am thinking of continuing those stories, but under this account, and changing my story "Taking Wing" as I am not really happy with it and now I have no clue what I was thinking when I wrote some things. This is a modern day AU Katniss and Peeta fanfiction. Katniss is married to Gale, and Peeta is married to Delly. Katniss is 22, Gale is 26, Peeta is 24, and Delly is also 24. Katniss and Gale have been married for 2 years, and Peeta and Delly have been married for 3 years, and have one 3 year old daughter together. KATNISS POV I sigh as I smooth my long, dark braid down my back. I look at myself in the mirror, too lazy to re-do my braid that has been mussed by the day's events. Gale and I will be moving in less than a month, and all day today I was busy sorting through things, deciding whether or not it needed to be gotten rid of, or if not, packed away. My hair will just have to do, I decide as I exit the bathroom and head off into my bedroom to get changed. Gale, my husband, arranged to meet up with an old friend named Peeta and his wife tonight, and I'm not entirely thrilled. Based on what Gale's told me about the wife of his friend, Delly, the one who I will be having to converse and be friendly with while Gale and Peeta go off on their own and catch up, I will not be having a great time. I remember meeting Delly once before, at our wedding reception, her having been invited by Gale's family since she and his family went way back. All I remember about her was that she was blonde and somewhat snobby. I hate fake people, and I hate people that think they're better than you for no good reason. If you end world hunger, then yes, you can officially say you're better than I. But, if you're just a normal, run-of-the-mill human being, no, you are not any better. Add to that, Gale has talked about how sad it has been to see his friend Peeta go downhill. Gale tells me that Peeta used to be outgoing, fun, and great with people. But after he and Delly got married, she would snap at him and cut him down over basically anything. If Peeta cracked a joke, something he apparently always did, Delly would snap at him. If he wanted to do something Delly didn't approve entirely of, she would snap at him. Now, or at least the last time Gale saw him, Peeta was quiet, reserved, and nothing like his old self. This whole scenario just completely put me off visiting them, but my husband was excited to see his old friend he hadn't seen properly in years, and probably wouldn't see again for many more due to the move, and I couldn't deny him that. I was trying to be less self-centered and more accommodating, as that's what our marriage counsellor, Dr. Aurelius, said I should do. I must admit, I am rather a controlling individual, and Gale and I have been at each other's throats on more than one occasion because neither of us would back down. I just have to be more submissive, and I've really been trying. After all, the thought of being someone like what I imagine Delly to be is sickening. I throw my clothes on, just a simple denim skirt and a soft orange and teal paisley peasant top. This blouse is one of my go-tos for when I'm too lazy to assemble a proper blouse and jacket. Which, if I'm being honest, is most of the time. I grab my car keys and handbag from the countertop where I always keep them, checking to make sure I have my wallet and mobile phone before I rush out the door. We are almost late, and Gale still isn't 100% ready. "Gale, I'll be in the car waiting!" I call from the walkway as I semi-sprint towards the car." I hear a faint, but somewhat grumpy, "Okay, I'll be out in a minute, Katniss!" I roll my eyes, subconsciously kicking myself for not insisting he got ready earlier. Patience, Katniss. Patience , says Dr. Aurelius' voice inside my head. I know that maybe Gale and I weren't exactly right for each other, as we both have very strong personalities, however, at the time we got married, it just made sense. We'd known each other for all our lives, had hunted together as teens when both of our families were struggling and having a hard time putting food on the table, and I suppose everyone just expected it, even if I hadn't. The day Gale asked me to marry him was a bittersweet day. It was a hot, August day, and Gale and I had just finished skinning a couple of rabbits we'd caught in our snares. It was boiling hot, sweat was pouring off of my face, and my hair was drenched in it. With both our hands bloody and peppered with rabbit hairs, I was nothing short of shocked when Gale took my hands in his, kissed me hard on the mouth, and asked me right then and there to be his wife. Of course, I ripped my hands out of his grasp, slapped him dead in the face, and told him there was no chance in hell. I never even knew he thought of me in that way, never mind had we dated or anything of the sort. I was still just 20, and I didn't think I was ready for such a big step. But, I had my little sister Prim to think of, and I knew marrying Gale would ensure that we were taken care of financially as well, not just food-wise. So, that night, when he called me asking if I'd thought about it, I told him yes. In just two months, we were married and Gale was working in the mines. Prim and I were better off than we'd been in years, and I still could hunt and do as I pleased. It actually turned into a really great marriage. I love Gale, I always have somehow. I guess if I'd thought of it, I would have known that we would probably end up together. But, for most of my life, I didn't have the privilege to think about anyone in that way. Not when my little sister was starving and my mother had checked out into a trauma-induced oblivion. My father died in the same mines Gale works in today, and my mother did not handle it well. He was the love of her life, and when he died, she checked out. She just wasn't there anymore. The only way to describe it was when my father died, she died as well. Even though she's improved immensely, she still isn't capable of taking care of Prim. If I hadn't learned to hunt from my father before he died, we would have starved to death. Yes, I had a minimum wage waitressing job, but that's hardly enough to pay rent and feed three people. So, I dug out my dad's bow and arrows, and I wracked my brain to remember everything he'd taught me as a child. Before long, I was venturing deeper and deeper into the woods near my house, and that's where I discovered that Gale also hunted. We'd been hunting together ever since. Somehow I can't imagine myself ever being so devastated if Gale died that I'd check out the way my mom did. Sometimes this worries me. I know my mother loved my father more than anything else in the world, and that's why it affected her so badly. If I really love Gale, shouldn't I be terrified every day of losing him the same way I lost my father? As I sit in the car waiting, I shake those thoughts out of my mind. I don't know why sometimes when I am alone I have such thoughts. They surely can't be normal. Gale joins me in the car, grumbling something about his belt giving him a hard time and something about not being able to find his headphones. I roll my eyes yet again. Such a petty thing to get worked up over. He slams the door shut, and I start the car. I see Primrose left her car parked in the way, she's just turned 18 and I do try to give her some amount of freedom, since she is, in fact, legally, an adult. I just don't know how she went from an innocent little tween to a grown woman. I really don't. My wave of nostalgia is wiped away by annoyance when I have a difficult time squeezing my car past hers. I would have her move it, but she's at her boyfriend, Rory's house. Rory is Gale's brother, and he's been nothing but trouble ever since he hit puberty. All we can hope for is that he doesn't knock my sister up. That's all that I'd need, another mouth to fill. I know Rory would flee the scene of the crime the second he heard she was pregnant, so that would be out of the picture. I really need to stop being so negative, even if it's just in my thoughts. Gale takes out his GPS, since he doesn't remember the way to their house, and I've never even been there before. After about a 30 minute drive, I turn onto their road. At the end of the road is a little turn-around, and they live on the left side of that. I park, trying to compose myself. Damn my antisocial tendencies. Gale takes my hand in his, striding confidently up to their front door, as I follow beside him warily. I ring the doorbell. No answer. "Maybe it doesn't work." Gale says as he knocks loudly on the door. Instantly, I hear the shrill, screaming voice of a little girl, "Papa! Someone's here!" Gale and I look at each other, amused. Peeta opens the door. I am shocked to see a tall, handsome man with sparkling blue eyes and wavy blonde hair that falls gently over his forehead. He greets us kindly, shakes our hands, but there is no smile on his face. I wonder if we are really welcome until Delly shows up behind him with a huge smile slapped across her lumpy face. I don't know what it is about her face, it just looks lumpy . I smile weakly as we are ushered inside. Peeta is cooking some lamb stew and has some cheese buns in the oven, and apologizes for it not being ready sooner. "No worries," I say quietly as I put my handbag down and my car keys away. Gale jumps right into to engaging Peeta in conversation, leaving Delly and me to ourselves less than a minute of walking in their door. "So I hear you're moving in a couple of weeks!" She says enthusiastically. From what I've heard about her, this surprises me and even startles me a bit. I was prepared for rude and aloof, I wasn't prepared for bubbly and overly cheerful. I shift my weight from foot to foot uncomfortably, "Yeah, we are." She stirs some cheese into a pot of potatoes, "Where abouts are you moving to?" She continues to prod. "Pennsylvania," I say shortly as I silently pray for Gale to come rescue me. "Oh, what are you going there for?" She smiles at me again as she lowers the heat on the potatoes. I pick at my fingernails, "Gale