AN: I don't hate Ron, my character is just highly biased and prone to exaggeration. This is it. After eight years of preparation. The time has finally come. I run to the gates of the castle and steel my nerves for what is to come. It's okay . I tell myself. After tonight, I can finally put my plan into action. I just had to survive the siege of Death Eaters on Hogwarts and save a life. No big deal. I had schemed, planned, and plotted for years just for this very night. And I would succeed. I was going to get Fred and Hermione to live Happily Ever After . That's right, I had read the Harry Potter series when I still lived in what I thought was an all-muggle world. One day, I stumbled upon Diagon Alley and everything changed. The world of fantasy was suddenly all-too real, and I knew what needed to be done. As soon as I got my Hogwarts letter I started planning how I would create the perfect ending to my beloved story. The epilogue in the books couldn't possibly be true because I knew that Hermione belonged with Fred and Ron was an idiot. I got myself sorted into Ravenclaw and avoided all characters I recognized in order to keep the plot as predictable as possible, which was pretty easy as I was a year above the Golden Trio (except for Cho Chang in my dorm, but she was an uppity bitch). Now the time has come. Tonight I was going to save Fred, and somehow cockblock Ron and Hermione's kiss in the Chamber. But first I needed to find the red-headed twin. I had gotten pretty good at distinguishing Fred from George through careful study over the years, but I also knew that he would be with his brother Percy, a prefect that was three years above me. I had searched the entirety of the entrance when the fighting started. I continued to run around and stunned a few assholes in masks along the way. It was frightening as hell, but I made sure to train for this very battle in my eight years of preparation. Boom ! I managed to dodge a stay curse coming from a large gathering of dueling wizards. It was then that I spotted the red hair. Of course he'd be right in the thick of things, I thought frustratedly. I ducked behind a statue in hopes of remaining hidden while I concentrated on getting perfect timing. When the older brother made a quip about his job or something, I knew it was time. I stepped out from behind the statue and raised my wand. Accio Fred Weasley. "You're joking Per-woah!" Boom! And Fred was just missed by the curse and the explosion of the wall just after. Success! But then I noticed a new problem. I now had a grown-ass man hurtling towards me and picking up speed. Shit. I think I hit my head on the floor when he crashed into me because I don't remember falling over and it hurt like hell. All the air in my lungs was suddenly vanished. I tried to breathe but everything hurt and I had a heavy-ass person lying on me. I open my eyes to glare and am met with the shocked baby-blues of Fred Weasley. "I'm flattered, but you'll have to buy me dinner before we go any further," he says as he rolls off to my side and I try to obtain some sweet, sweet oxygen. Really? I'm literally dying and this bitch makes a joke? Ungrateful little shit. The things I do for people I've never talked to before. I deserve a prize. "Fred!" screamed the brother frantically, probably thinking he was buried in the rubble. "Fred!" "Here," yells the boy beside me, getting up to rejoin his sibling. He briefly turns back to me, still curled up on the floor with a pounding head and relearning how to breathe, and says, "Thanks." And runs away. I don't remember much of the rest of the battle. I think I stunned two or three more Death Eaters as I stumbled back to the Great Hall, and by then the fighting had stopped. Madame Pomphrey was busy with more serious cases, so I sat with my head between my knees until we were all called out for the final showdown. We stood as a unified group at the entrance and before the Death Eaters arrived I caught my first glimpse of Ron and Hermione since the battle started. They were holding hands, fingers intertwined. FOILED! I wanted to go up and shake her. Dammit Hermione! I can't be in two places at once! … Fastforward. The boy-who-lived lives, blah, blah, Voldemort dies by technicality, and the Weasley twins set off fireworks, which was slightly different than I remember. As the days go by, things begin to settle down. I go back to my job at the apothecary. It was a temporary job before, just to make a few galleons before I knew I'd be forced into hiding, but now I knew I'd need some free time to bloom into the matchmaker I was always meant to be. I also really liked it there. My dream was to eventually invent the next big potion and roll in gold, but until then, I'd just create potions that would help me with everyday things. Not that I was bad at charms and transfiguration. I was good at the useful, everyday spells (why do things the muggle way ever again?) and in true Ravenclaw fashion, I got N.E.W.T.S. in Potions, Charms, Transfiguration, and (just barely) DADA and Arithmancy. Maybe I'd get a real job once Fremione were happily married and not naming their kids weird things like Albus Severus. First order of business, get Hermione to realize that Ron is not right for her. As my skill was potions, I knew my just the thing for it. Over the years, my dislike for Ronald Weasley grew to disgust as I watched him eat like a pig and shout insensitive bullshit at his friends. I knew if his true self was revealed, a smart girl like Hermione would not stay with him. If I could slip a minor truth serum into his drink, he would do the rest. I spent the next few days brewing until I perfected my recipe for a truth serum (not strong enough to be illegal like veritaserum) that loosens the tongue and lowers inhibitions (almost like being drunk without the other side effects). Now I just needed access to Ron's drink. I knew I could never get passed the fans if I waited for the gang to eat somewhere public like the Leaky Cauldron, so I needed to get myself invited to a meal with Hermione and Ron. As I had never talked to them, it would be difficult. The idea came to me while I was brewing some amortentia for fun and challenge the next day (love was on my mind and I also liked how it made the room smell of honeysuckle and unicorn horn dust over a low flame). I saved the life of a Weasley! Any decent person would invite me to meet their family after that! I put on a Ravenclaw-blue jumper similar to the one I wore during the Battle of Hogwarts and I was off to Weasley's Wizard Wheezes. I apparated to Diagon Alley right after work and approached the shop that had become even more eye-catching than ever. My plan was to wander the shop until I was approached by a twin. Remind him of my heroic deed if necessary, and make him think it was his idea to invite me to a family gathering. Should I gush about meeting Harry or Ron? No, definitely Hermione. Wingwoman and infiltrator all at once. I'm amazing. I walked into the store and am astounded by how busy they are. Would I have to buy something in order to talk to someone? No, a girl was working the register, Verily or something. I continued with my original plan and walked around the store, admiring the more clever charmwork and creative potion usages. My startled squeal when a hand clamped on my shoulder was drowned out in the overall loudness of the shop, but that didn't stop George Weasley from laughing at my expression of terror when I jumped around in surprise. "What brings you in today?" he asked gleefully. Shoot! The one question I didn't prepare for! "Uhh...just looking around?" I responded cleverly. "We went to Hogwarts together, right? What was your name again?" He looks at me expectantly, like I'm about to impart some great wisdom. I wondered about his motive. "Yeah we did. I was a year below you. I'm Emma, uh, Emma Barkhome." "That's right!" he exclaims, "The Ravenclaw that always stared but would run away if you tried to speak to her!" Rude! It was research to save your twin's dumb ass. You didn't have to point it out. "I, uh, was going through an awkward phase." I managed to get out through the embarrassment. I could tell he was trying not to laugh even more at me, and just when I thought couldn't get any worse, he continued, "Fred told me you finally confessed to him during the battle." That was it. "What?!" I exploded, "I was saving that dumb shit from a curse! Why the hell would he say something like that?" "You mean we're not in love, Barkhome?" said Fred, suddenly behind me. What does he think he is, just appearing like that? A wizard? "I thought what we had was special." I ignored his bullshit and decided to just proceed with the plan, but all the anger and embarrassment caused my rehearsed words to fly out the nearest window like an owl. "Hi...How are you?" I tried to move the topic away from me at least. "Well," he contemplated, "I haven't almost been crushed by any walls, but I also haven't fallen over any pretty ladies either, so mostly average I'd say." Red Alert! Abort. "Ha...ha," I laughed off any talk of pretty ladies other than Hermione and looked to the side for inspiration. "So, ah, what potions are in these Wonder Witch products?" Of course! I could talk about potions until the conversation naturally took to Hermione. Brilliant! We did talk about potions for a while, but he refused to tell me the ingredients in their original creations ("If I told you, I'd have to kill you, Barky."). But the conversation never turned to Hermione. It was like he wasn't in love with her and she wasn't constantly on his mind! Ugh. Some people are so dense. George eventually came back and told Fred to get back to work. "Emma," Fred turned to me, "I think we should take our relationship to the next level. Come to the Burrow tonight and meet my parents." That was easy. But I did wish that he would drop this joke though. It was getting old, and I didn't want it to give Hermione the wrong idea. Hermione! "Will Hermione be there?" I asked. "Uh, probably, why?" He seemed confused by my question, but I knew that inside he probably had butterflies from hearing her name. "For the intelligent conversation," I said, playing the perfect wingwoman. "Ha, funny Bark. Let's meet here at the shop at five-thirty. We can side-along or floo, whatever you prefer. See you then!" And with that, he disappeared back into the crowd. I would have preferred more Hermione complements in our conversation, but my job here was done. I apparated home and grabbed a vial of truth serum. When I got back to Diagon Alley, I some extra time, so I wandered around and visited the apothecary in Knockturn Alley for some rarer ingredients. I got a bit distracted so it was a little past five-thirty when I arrived and