A N: I couldn't completely let go of my fluffy sweet Sugar, something kept nagging at me...so it's continued a year later. Still a happy ending, just a bit of confusion and misunderstanding to get there. I will probably do some editing as usual...I feel like a scene or two are atill missing. Thanks for reading! She watched Severus come through the doors of the Great Hall and sit next to Hagrid, his head bowed, his hair obstructing her view of his eyes. Before she could let her mind wander further down a dark, lonely path, she pushed away from the table, effectively spilling the remainder of her pumpkin juice on Hagrid's breakfast and forcing a blush on her cheeks. Glancing towards Severus for a moment, she found his eyes locked on her, his arms folded across his chest as though he was about to take house points, and the effect of that piercing glare reminded her instantly of what he'd been like when she was a student; she was a buck-toothed know-it-all and he had been almost as nasty as the students her age. Casting quick scourgify, Hermione thought the morning had been too much already and though she wanted to talk to him, she knew his silence meant something. It has been a year since they'd come home from Azores and he hadn't spoken to her for an entire week, and the week before that he'd had clipped, terse conversations with her. Normally, they'd talked through his periods of melancholy, when he had flashbacks or nightmares about the attack during the final battle or from his father. For years, she'd been helping him and herself move past the things they'd experienced, but she found him in his worse snit those weeks before, despondent and flippant, he'd pushed her away and it was the first time in years that she felt the same sting of his indifference, the feeling she'd felt her entire childhood. Although she tried to smooth things over, trying every possible technique that had worked through the years, but it seemed he was determined to push her away. She'd hoped the anniversary of their amazing trip would force him to at least tell her what had happened because every time she tried to figure it out, it only made her head hurt and her heart break. Thinking back over the month of December, their Friday teas had been normal, conversation easy, their weekends continued in a similar fashion, dinner at the Leaky Cauldron, Christmas shopping in Hogsmeade and London, where they'd run into Harry and Ginny, and had dinner with them at a new place near Grimmauld Place and Ginny had announced they were expecting again. Replaying every detail from that weekend, she came up empty handed, nothing had been different; nothing had changed. Brushing her hair mindlessly, Hermione heard a subtle knock at the door of her sitting room, so she covered herself in her night robe and tied it tightly around her. He'd gotten her the robe for her birthday that year, lamenting that she had very little green in her life. It was cashmere, soft and luxurious under her fingers; but neither the softness of her robe nor the warmth of her rooms made her feel any better as she pulled the door open and saw him, his face sullen, his arms folded tightly around him, and the distinct smell of firewhiskey on his person. "Have you come to tell me what is bothering you?" Hermione asked, sheepishly, worried that she'd somehow done something to upset him without evening realizing. She knew she could be too much sometimes, too loud, too demanding, too exacting. It was exactly why none of her relationships had been successful; she asked for too much and sometimes couldn't give what she asked for. Meeting his eyes again, Hermione stepped aside and waited for him to walk through. She toyed with her lip without even thinking until she bit so hard she almost drew blood; why did Severus have this effect on her? "Hermione...I…" He stammered, pinching the bridge of his nose as he slowly unfolded his arms and sat on her settee, in his usual spot, the same spot where he'd held her tightly against him, caressed her back or toyed with her hair while they read. She sighed. Although Hermione had seen him distressed many times in their acquaintance, she had never seen him like this, unreadable, not suffering effects of panic attack or similar episode. He appeared unable to say the words he needed to say. Without pause, Hermione made tea in her kitchenette, far more worried than she'd been since the year prior, when she had debated letting him know that she loved him. Then, he'd made it easy for her eventually, giving her such personal and thoughtful gifts, showing her a side she'd rarely seen of any man, a romantic and beautiful heart lay in his chest. Looking out through the tiny window in her kitchenette, he appeared nothing like he had the year prior, and her stomach dropped. Was he ending things? 'How could he end things?' She thought to herself, looking down at the engagement ring he'd given her at Halloween and wondering for a moment if it had all been a joke, some cosmic play on her sensibilities. Turning the ring over and over, she felt a wave of nausea hit her and her words almost failed as she walked back to the sitting area. "Sugar?" She asked, setting the tea tray down between them. "No, thank you." His words had only sounded so terse when she'd been his student all those years before, when his life had been ruled by a madman. "I have some chocolates I was saving for our regular tea tomorrow, but as it seems that might be interrupted, I would rather they not be wasted." Standing again, her legs feeling weak and hands shaking slightly- how would she work with him if they weren't together. How could she go back to things as they'd been before, the first years before they'd become friends. Taking the bag of Honeyduke's to the sitting area, she remembered the first time she'd known she wanted to be his friend and sighed, this was not how she anticipated her Christmas break starting. And why was her mind instantly going to the worst possible outcome? He'd never failed her since they began working together eight years prior and she had no reason to doubt him, but all rationality left her as she stared at him, his behavior so odd and unrelenting. "Harry asked me if you were coming for Christmas dinner this year, but I didn't know what to tell him so I'll let you take care of that." Sipping her tea, Hermione gauged his behavior as she watched him over the brim of her dainty tea cup, palming the bottom and warming herself as emotions threatened to take over, the first being fright and the second sadness. It was so obvious that he wanted to end things and she felt her mind spiraling into an abyss of anger, sadness, and despondency; they weren't supposed to end like this, they weren't supposed to end. "Hermione, I apologize if my behavior has been questionable and has upset you. I was alerted while we were in London last week that my father died." Her eyebrows shot up; his father had been alive still? She thought he'd died while Severus was still in school. Setting that thought aside, she wondered, then, why his odd behavior had started the week prior and not just when he'd found out his father died. "I'm sorry, I had no idea." He waved her off, as though she were an errant student, hurting her more than she thought possible. He was in pain, she could see it, and Harry had told her about his childhood so she knew he was conflicted, but her own fragile ego couldn't handle his indifference towards her. Battling within herself, she set her tea down and stood as tears threatened; she wanted to comfort him, to remind him that he wasn't his father. She felt foolish and found herself for the first time in years treading on new ground with him. Placing her teac cup on the tray, she noted that he was barely looking at her, instead his focus was the row of buttons on his frock coat. If she squinted, he was the young man she'd seen in the memories Harry shared with her after the final battle. It broke her heart to see him so lost. "I have to collect some things from Manchester, so I will be gone for Christmas and most likely New Years." It was so matter-of-fact and unlike him that she did a double take, did he really say he'd be gone for more than two weeks? Was this the man who'd given her such sentimental and sweet gifts, who walked her to classes, lounged in the garden next to her rooms and read her potions journals or from old novels he knew she loved? Without hesitation, Hermione walked away from the sitting room as quickly as her small feet would move; she couldn't look at him when he was so devastated and angry, yet showing almost none of that emotion on his face. It didn't take a psychiatrist to realize that he was hurting. And he wasn't open to her help, he was hurting and she could do nothing but endure his pain in silence. Although she hadn't considered the possibility, as she thought of his expression, the way he'd tucked his pain into his pocket like one of his handkerchiefs, she saw the old habits, the way he crawled into himself like a tortoise and pushed people who cared for him away. As though his only defense mechanism when he was faced with such a dilemma was to forget that people did love him, that there were others in the world who needed him. Locking herself in the loo, Hermione let her tears fall, she couldn't hold them back and for the first time in ages, she didn't care to temper her emotions. Years spent trying to pretend the war hadn't affected them more then they let on, she'd become more reserved about her praise, her declarations of love, the former forward nature of her entire being, but right at that moment, she felt her world crumble again. Leaning against the sink, she wiped her eyes and tried to blow her nose, then exited the loo, daring to put her arms around Severus' shoulders as he sat. He stiffened, his breath hitched and without another thought he threw her off of him, his first reaction being that of a different life; she hit the wall in one resounding thump, hard enough to cause her vision to blur and her mind to turn itself into survival mode. In her mind, she's reasoned that if this was the last time she'd hold him, she wanted to at least try, but her emotions had gotten the best of both of them and she'd miscalculated greatly to her immediate dismay. The burning in her wrist hurt first, then a gentle throb in her lower back alerted her to a new problem, immediately consuming her thoughts, she knew she needed to get off the floor and go to the infirmary, she knew things could be worse than she imagined. Anger pervaded all other emotions immediately as she felt the weight of his rejection settle upon her, she'd only been to Poppy three weeks before to talk about going off potions when they came home from their honeymoon but she felt that none of her former feelings mattered at all. With all of her strength, she forced her eyes upon his and her hands in motion. Her own anger boiled over; she lost her empathy for him in that moment and instead was consumed by the rejection she felt, the anger over