Note: I do not own the LOTR characters or story! That goes to J.R.R Tolkien! My mother's shrill voice calls me down for breakfast as the sun starts to peek through the trees. The sound of her perky voice can sometimes annoy me, but today it livens up the family . There are three of us. My mother, a short plump woman covered in short curly hair with gray strands threading through the black ones. Her deep brown eyes reflect that of a chocolate bar, and her freckled face matched with pale skin reflects mine. However my eyes are bright green, and my hair a blazing deep red, frazzled with soft curls. Lastly, there is my half brother. who is a spitting image of my mother. Every morning is the same. Usually, I am pouring some goat milk into old worn cups. My mother warms some bread and cooks some eggs. being a thirteen year old he is my brother sleeps in as long as he can. My three and a half year advantage makes me the responsible one to help mother. When breakfast is set mother looks at me. "Tell your brother to get down here and eat before it gets cold." Her warm voice soothes anyone who listens. I nod and retrieve Tomas. Jumping up the stairs I shake Tomas awake Who reluctantly obliges and follows me to the kitchen. His lazy steps echoing on the wooded floors. A silent breakfast pursues, only light chit chat from my mother, talking about the market and our neighbors. The increase in fruit price these days puts her on a rampage for hours, but somehow I coax her down to five minutes. Morning continues on smooth and utterly normal. Tomas scampers back up the stairs hiding from our neighbor, Jonathan who will be arriving any minute to fetch him for his chores. I stand silently washing dishes next to my mother when she asks me a question. "Anything Find your fancy the other day, at the market?" I scoff at her weak attempt of small talk. I scrub the dishes a little harder making her wait for her answer. "You want to talk about boys, mom?" Looking at her expectantly, I finish my last dish putting it back in the cabinet. She shakes her head, a small smile forming on her lips. "You are almost of age, in a matter of time a-" "A suitor will choose you." I finish, ending the conversation. After washing up, Tomas surprises me by blocking my path to the door. "What?" I demand, staring him down. His chocolate eyes pour into mine, and a look of knowing plays on his face. "I know where you're going." He states matter of factly. Momentarily I panic trying to think of a probable excuse to why I sneak off into the woods everyday. "You do?" I ask wearily, taking his bait. " You are seeing John, aren't you?" An unwanted blush spread across my face, and it takes all my strength to not laugh. My concern fades, and I decide to toy with him. "Am not." I retort, trying to act as guilty as possible. "I won't tell mom. If you promise you are not doing anything..stupid." He finishes seriously. Now an even bigger blush appears across my face. "That is too bold." I snap, pushing him out of my way, escaping once again to the kitchen. A while later I make sure I am not needed before escaping our small abode, hoping to avoid any familiar faces. There is wilderness just a short run east towards the early sun. I walk on a small road when I see John, no doubt coming to ruse Tomas from bed. He shows a big smile, approaching me quickly. "Ms. Rayne. You look lovely today." He gives me another dazzling smile taking my hand and giving it a slight peck. "John, you're to kind. My brother is waiting for you." He nods looking at me before nodding again, and giving me a slight bow. Eagerly I look away only offering a slight smile in return. "As I was waiting for you. But it seems you are busy. How about later?" I nod, continuing forward, not looking back. A wooded forest greets me, the sounds of birds twittering around, a subtle breeze brushing against my face, and a morning dew is set on the grass. Some say great trolls roamed these woods once, controlled by vicious goblins. Then the great elves killed them. Even if it only a myth I thank them for giving me a home. I splay out on the grass, closing my eyes and listening to the forest. A chirping of a bird singing its shrill tune fill the forest the the rustling of leaves and the pecking of a woodpecker. I smile to myself letting the life take hold of me. A small snap of a twig opens my curious eyes, excitement floods my system, hoping for a rabbit or deer. I search the small meadow, looking deep into the treeline, but nothing is there. Only for a moment the birds stop humming and the wind calms. feeling of uncertainty creeps forward, sitting up I look around, but nothing is there. Then, the birds resume their melodies and the uncertain feeling vanishes. I could sit here for hours dozing on and off thinking about the curious noise. Instead I watch the sun rise into the sky claiming it. As the birds calm, new creatures stalk the forest, squirrels, and rabbits. The morning dew evaporates and a hot steam sets in the air. A small part of me wants to run away from home, to find a thrilling and adventures life with an unknown end, then I think of mother and Tomas and all that drains. Although a selfish part of me still prays for a different life no matter how defined it is. When it is about high noon I leave dreading the rest of the day. Waiting for my next visit to the woods. My mind wanders to John, a fine suitor make no mistake, but he is so bland. His only concern is about himself. I could never settle with someone like that. I need an equal. A branch snaps, and I whip my head around, the same uneasy feeling consumes the pit of my stomach. Frantically I look all around for anything. Once again the forest is empty, Shaking the feeling off, I increase my pace back to my house. Fearful of being alone. Halfway home a high pitched scream erupts through the sky in the direction of my village. A pang in my stomach pulls me into a run fearing the cause of the painful scream. Worry makes my legs move faster than ever before and sweat breaks on my forehead. coming to the entrance of my village, smoke and fire pour out of the buildings, pieces of shattered glass and chunks of wood lie everywhere. Bodies lay on the ground, supplies are spilt everywhere and no one can be seen that is still alive. My palms start to sweat and my knees wobble. My muscles burn with anticipation as I run toward my house. " Mom! Thomas!" I shriek. Praying for an answer whispering please over and over. Food is spilled all over the floor in the kitchen and everything has been searched through and pillaged. The living room holds a terrible sight, two bodies one woman and one boy lie dead on the floor covered in their blood. Wailing, I fall to the floor to defeat. Covering my eyes to conceal my tears, for several moments I sob. Choking on my own grief. "Mom! John! No, please, please. Help! Somebody help me!." I wail clinging to the lifeless bodies. Blood soaking my dress. Hot tears pouring down my face. "Help!" I scream again. Rocking back and forth. Suddenly a rough voice Interrupts my thoughts. "Ones in here, I know it!" A raspy old voice hollers. A handful of foul creatures with disgusting odors bursts through the door with a long sword rusted. "Aha! A pretty one!" He cackles. His long fingers grab my hair pulling me till I kneel on my knees. "Now, bow to your savior" he orders, smirking with his yellowed teeth. The other orcs laugh and start to search the room. An anger swells up inside of me my heart pounds against my chest and my muscles clench. I look up to the goblin and gather my courage. "Not to the likes of you!" I spit, glaring daggers at the foul creature. His smile fades. His long grotesque hand raises covered in warts and bruises, it smacks across my face. Stars flash behind my eyes, and I fall to the ground with a loud thump. I turn around on my back and try to back away and escape, but the goblin is too quick. "You'll learn to behave!" he howls. I look up at spot a rock in the corner of my eye. Reaching for it, I miss, just as he grabs my hands and pins me down. Rattling my body against the cold floor. "Your flesh is so tender and juicy." he cackles. squirming under him I drop the rock and kick him in the groin with all the force I can muster. He cries and I shimmy away. His vicious claws lock around my legs. Sharp nails dig into my skin and a sharp pain shoots across my leg. I scream and this only manages a laugh from him. I kick and flail punching him in the face. He pulls out his blade. and lunges towards me tickling my already injured leg. He grabs my hair and pushes the blade to my neck. He pulls me up right on my knees. The sting of his blade against my neck grows warmer every second. The cut on my leg, hot. Stinging from the contact with the blade. "Please. No!" as I wail the edge of the blade touches my throat. Pang! a swoosh of air flies over my hair missing my head by less than an inch. an arrow pierces the goblin, the force makes him wobble back. the blade drops and then the goblin yells with his last efforts. I fall back onto the ground astonished. The goblin tries to swing his sword at me, but another blade interferes. A man in forest green clothes suited with a bow on his back deflects the swing and stabs the goblin in the stomach, killing him once and for all. I then notice this is no man at all, but an elf with pointed elf ears and fine blond hair and a lean build supported by a perfect posture. Making sure the goblin is dead, He pushes the blade inward before pulling away. The other orcs appear all at once. The man shoots one in the head, swiftly he takes the used arrow and pulls it out to stab the second Orc. Using his knife he approaches the last two orcs he easily stabs one dead center in the heart, twirling he removes the embodied sword and hits the last Orc in the heart as well twisting it to justify the death. He steadies himself and surveys the room, before silently turning towards me. His steps light like walking on water. For the first time I look at his face. His silver blue eyes are deadly sharp, and his smooth pale skin calls me to reach out and hold his face. His thin nose and perfect chin make him almost godly. We make eye contact, and the world freezes for a moment, and something clicks inside of me. A burning sensation fills me, consuming me whole. It takes all my strength to stay silent. my hands and toes tingle, while my mouth becomes dry with a feeling I have never felt before spreads through me like a wildfire. a blush creeps onto my cheeks. But he does not seem