Disclaimer: I do not own Harry potter nor its characters and world, it all belongs to J K Rowling. 1. When everything is simpler and you boast about being brave September 1st is a day you remember with love, specially the first September 1st you go to Hogwarts. You remember Hugo by your side talking non stop (a nervous habit of his), but you're calm. When he asks you which house you think you're going to, you don't hesitate to say Gryffindor. "The house of the braves" you add with a big smile in your lips. Hugo nods and starts talking about the house's history ("I read the whole book last night" he says) you just hear him without paying attention, thinking about the incredible life you will have in Hogwarts. Hours later, the Sorting Hat screams "Gryffindor" over your head and you run to the red table and sit beside James, a big smile in your lips (minutes later Hugo sits at the Ravenclaw table, but even that can't mitigate your happiness). That night you don't write to your parents, you write to Dominique, talking to her about how you not even a second were nervous or scare. You tell her you wish she was there with you, too. You sleep with a smile in your lips and wake up the next morning feeling invencible. 2. When you don't want (but have to) share her. Your second year is not what you expected. Dominique is finally there with you and was sorted to Gryffindor, but there's something you didn't think about; there's a lot of people in Hogwarts and you have to share Dominique with her new friends. She's not your Dominique anymore, and it's not DominiqueAndLily as you were known in The Burrow, it's just Dominique, and Dominique and lily, with a deep space between you two (alright, maybe you're being dramatic). Now you see her in the hallways with lots of people around her and you don't get how a first year can be that popular, but you can't complain, your quite popular too, Weasley's charming, you suppose. Everything is solved with one of those smiles of her and a day a week for just the two of you, and you could not ask for more. 3. When all the girls talk about is dates and boys and you don't get the excitement. Third year comes fast and Hogsmeade comes with it. Your roommates goes on and on about dates and boys and more dates, you hear them with no interest 'cause sure, boys are cute ("and girls are too" adds a voice in your head) but there's no one interest enough for you. "You have to like someone" Anne, your best friend, says, with a frown. You shake you head no "Boys are okay, but there is no one I like" it feels like you've said it a million times. Anne doesn't understand, you see it on her face, but you both drop it. You get ready for your day with Dominique, today you should go to Hogsmeade, but all your friends have dates and you don't want to be the third wheel, so you're going to spend your day at Hogwarts with your blonde cousin, it's okay, though, you adore Dominique and wouldn't want to spend your day with no one else. (You feel something on your stomach and your chest when you're with her, but you don't know what it is, so you just try to ignore it). 4. When everybody decides who you like and you don't know how to say no. You like Lorcan, or at least that's what everybody's saying. You spend hours with him, he is nice and cute, but you don't think you like him. Everybody says you look cute together and you blush 'cause you don't know how to react. Everybody takes it as a yes and goes "Aww", laughing. Everyone but Dominique. "Do you like him?" She asks you one night. You frown, trying to think how do you feel when you're with him. "I don't know" you finally answer, there's something in Dominique's expression bit you can't put your finger on it, so you ignore it and go on "he's cute but I don't think he's my type". Dominique nods her head, thoughtful, and then asks "what is your type?". "I don't know either" you mumble, and you feel silly, what kind of fourteen year old girl doesn't know her type? "I don't even know how to know if I like someone" you laugh humorlessly. The blonde is silent for a while, and when she speaks again, avoids looking at you "It feels like... you want to spend all your time with them, and you just want to talk, touch or just look at them all day. Your heart beats faster and you feel something on your stomach every time you see them and you just want to grab their face and... Dominique shuts her mouth abruptly, she has a strong blush on her cheeks and avoids looking at you. You don't understand. You think for a moment that maybe she likes someone but for some reason you can't bring yourself to ask her. Instead you think about what she said, and it's funny, 'cause everything she said fits with how you feel when you're with her, but you don't like Dominique, you don't... Oh. The next day, Lorcan asks you if you want to be his girlfriend, and you can't bring yourself to say no. (You can't bring yourself to look Dominique at the face when you tell her you have a boyfriend now, either). 5. When you think you could get used to him but your hands fits perfectly with hers. You have been with Lorcan for a year, you think hi could be happy. He's sweet, romantic, loyal, he's the perfect boyfriend, but it's not what you want. You don't know what do you want either, but it's not him, you don't have the heart to say it to him, he's your best friend and you're afraid you might lose him, so you wait for when you get used to it, for when you get used to his thin lips and tough hands, get used to his long arms and height difference, his short hair, baby blue eyes and perfect skin. But that doesn't happen. And you can't help but fantasize with something different, with a different blond hair, lighter, softer, longer, with a body slightly shorter than yours, with soft and small hands, with flecked skin, with green eyes that change with the light. And before you notice it, you're fantasizing with Dominique. Now you avoid her at all costs. You don't want to see her, if you don see her, you'll move on, you'll move on from it, whatever you feel for her, that you do not want nor must feel 'cause she's your cousin and it's wrong. So now you barely talk to her. That's why you're so surprised when that Christmas Dominique takes you away from your family. She takes you to the backyard. It's cold and it's snowing, so you get close to her (to keep you warm" you excuse yourself). You hesitate before looking her at the face. And she looks oh so beautiful that you forget how to breathe, it's that kind of beauty that hurts. You're so busy admiring her you hardly notice how nervous she is. She goes back and fort over her feet and doesn't even look at you, so you can't admire her eyes in the darkness. She hesitates for a while before finally start speaking. "I have something to tell you" she says it so low you almost miss it, then she looks at you, her eyes are grey now and god, they're so beautiful. The blonde sits on the cold floor, you sit beside her, so close your body touchs hers. Your heart starts beating so fast and strong you think she can hear it too. You both sit in silence for a couple of minutes, you think about how this is the first time you're alone with her since Lorcan's your boyfriend, you think how she must feel about it, for the first time you think how she was - is - your best friend and you just left her with no explanation. If it's been hard for you to avoid her, she must have felt worse for being ignored, and you regret how you've behaved with her, how selfish you've been, so you take her hand and intertwine your fingers, silently trying to make her understand you care, you're sorry and you love her. More than you should, you add bitterly. Dominique jumps by the contact but doesn't take her hands away from yours, that relieves you, you couldn't handle being rejected by her. Dominique admires your intertwine hands while she speak "There's something I've known about me since a long time, since forever, I think" she laughs nervously while caressing the back of your hands, you smile almost imperceptible "I've always felt... different, you know, my friends always talk about boys and I don't understand why they like them, at first I didn't know why" she speaks slowly and looks at you, still caressing your hands, you're quiet, waiting for her to keep talking "I don't like boys" she admits "I like girls" she avoids looking at you for a second, scared, you guess. You're quiet for a couple of seconds, trying to process it. You try to ignore the strong beats of your heart and you just focus on her. You squeeze her hand, looking her right in the eye. "Hey, it's okay" you say, mentally kicking yourself for your lame answer, but Dominique don't seems to care, 'cause there's a big smile on her lips and you see relieve all over her face, you almost see her worries vanishing from over her shoulders, she looks so happy and calm you can't help but smile too, you caress her hands while she looks ahead, still smiling "we've got something in common" you say it slow, hoping she didn't hear it, but she did. Dominique turns her head do fast you think she breaks her neck "what?" She asks, there is a strange light in her eyes, you're quiet, wondering if you should repeat yourself "Lily, what did you say?". You take a deep breathe "We've got something in common" then add "I'm bisexual" you say, trying to sound calm, you pretend this is not the first time you say it out loud. "Oh" she says, smiling "can I...?" Dominique hesitates, you see excitement in her eyes "can I... try something?". You nod slowly, swing Dominique getting closer, waiting for you to pull apart,but you don't do it, ignoring that voice telling you you have a boyfriend, she's your cousin and anyone could see you from the house. You feel her breathe reaching your lips and you close your eyes, excited, but before your lips touch hers someone comes out of The Borrow, calling you. Lorcan comes out of the door, you both pull away fast, taking your hands away from hers, you stand up, thinking guilty is written all over your face and Lorcan can see through your eyes what you almost did, but if he does see it, he says nothing about it. The blond smiles at you "I've been looking for you" he says, taking your hand, the one holding Dominique's seconds ago. "You found me" you smile nervously, looking back and fort between Dominique and Lorcan. He smiles again, kissing your lips, you pull apart fast, looking the pain in Dominique's eyes. The blonde coughs uncomfortable "See ya later, Lils" she mutters, using the nickname you hadn't hear in over a year, you smile at her, but you can't ignore how your voice breaks a little. "We'll talk later" you say, making it clear you've not finished with her. Dominique nods with a