Jacob came running in answer to his father's shout and found Billy kneeling over a dead eight-point buck. Billy's eyes were closed, and his face tilted up toward the sky. Jacob knew his dad was thanking the deer's spirit for providing food for his family and pledging never to kill a noble animal for any other reason. From the time Jacob learned to shoot an arrow as a child, he had been schooled in the Quileute ways of hunting. "He's a beauty, Dad," Jake grinned, his hand on Billy's shoulder. "And it was a clean shot." Jacob carefully removed the arrow from the deer, noting that it had penetrated the heart and so killed the buck instantly. Sarah met them outside as they approached the house carrying the field-dressed animal. Modern freezers made preserving the meat much easier these days, but processing an entire deer of this size was still a big project and took them several hours. While Sarah stowed the last of the meat in the freezer, Jacob started a fire in the barbeque pit to cook the choicest steaks. "Looks like we're set for the winter, Billy," Sarah commented as she brought out plates and utensils to the picnic table in the yard. She set down the cutlery and perched on the bench beside her husband. His hair was tied back with a leather thong, and she kissed his neck. "I've been thinking about dyeing my hair," she said softly. "What do you think?" Billy frowned. "Why would you do that, Sarah?" His hands, tanned and callused from a lifetime of hard work, were gentle on her face. "You're beautiful just the way you are." He kissed the tiny smile lines next to her mouth before kissing her lips softly. Sarah laughed. "Love really is blind, isn't it? Honey, I'm beginning to look more like your mother than your wife. You haven't aged at all in the last twenty years, and I…" she smiled at him. "I have." He literally hadn't noticed the grey strands nestled among her black tresses; the eyes of love ignored such insignificant details. Billy wrapped his arms around her waist. "Let me point out the flaws in your reasoning, my dear wife. First of all, you are still the most beautiful, desirable woman I have ever met." She opened her mouth to comment, but he stopped her with a kiss, then continued. "I don't care what you look like to anyone else. You're my Sarah - my perfect partner." Sarah kissed him. "So in other words, you don't want me spending money on hair dye?" She grinned and kissed his shoulder, chuckling as she headed back to the house for potato salad and condiments. "Awww, would you two cut it out?" Jacob shook his head with a smile as he came out of the house, his hands full of lemonade, glasses, and paper napkins. Billy rose as soon as the venison steaks and Sarah's potato salad were just a pleasant memory. "Sorry, baby, but I'm scheduled to patrol for a few hours. Will you be up?" Sarah smiled at her husband. "Of course. I'll clean up here and watch some TV while I'm waiting. I believe sonny boy has a date." "Yeah, I do, Mom. Do you mind if I run off too?" "Course not, honey - have a nice time. And say hi to Leah for us." After years of loneliness, Jake and Leah's friendship had recently blossomed into something new and exciting. They were in the process of transitioning from friends to lovers, and it just - well, it made sense. When they were together, their newfound happiness was contagious. As chief of his people, Billy had been the first to phase into a giant wolf, some twenty years earlier. The change was precipitated by the appearance of the Cullens, who had proven to be decent neighbors in spite of the alarms raised by their arrival in the next town. Sarah set down her napkin and stood with Billy. "Mind if I come along?" He grinned and shook his head. Sarah followed him into the edge of the forest, to a familiar spot where a large gray boulder provided a screen from anyone who might be wandering in the quiet neighborhood. He stripped his tee shirt off over his head and handed it to Sarah, who folded it carefully. She accepted each item of clothing until he stood before her, naked and magnificent. "I'll see you in a few hours, babe," he murmured, kissing her before striding into the tall grass. She admired the familiar view as he walked away, his slim hips and trim waist offset by a heavily muscled torso and limbs. He turned to her, and the air around him shimmered. She always tried to catch the exact instant that he transformed from man to wolf, but her human eyes were never quick enough. The rust-colored wolf sprang forth, larger than life, and walked back toward her, lowering its shaggy head. She reached up with both hands and caressed the incredible animal, laying her cheek against his snout and whispering "Love you." The golden eyes stared into hers for a long moment. Then the wolf's long pink tongue lapped the side of her face, dripping saliva. She rubbed at it with her sleeve. "Dammit, Billy, you got me all wet!" But she was laughing as he loped away, his tail swishing sassily as he disappeared into the darkening forest. In spite of her good intentions, Sarah fell asleep reading. The book was lying across her chest when she heard the screen door squeak just after midnight. Billy walked into the living room, completely naked. "I think someone forgot to leave my clothes outside...again." Sarah tried not to smile. "Oh? Silly me. I'm sorry, honey. But I have to admit…" she shook her head. "You're mighty easy on the eyes in your birthday suit." Billy wrapped his arms around her and laughed. "You mark my words, Sarah Black. One of these days you'll have company when you pull this trick on me - and it's you who will be embarrassed." She laughed with him. "I guess I'll just take my chances. And enjoy the view in the meantime. Yikes!" He scooped her up in his arms and whisked her up the stairs to their bedroom. Early the next morning, sun was streaming into the room and Sarah ducked under her pillow. "Too early! I need a little more sleep!" "Oh no you don't," Billy chuckled. "You keep me up till all hours of the night, and then you want to sleep in!" He grabbed the pillow and yanked down the covers. Sarah yawned and stretched, her naked body a little softer, a little rounder than it had once been. "Need a shower," she mumbled as she dragged herself into their bathroom. Fifteen minutes later, she emerged wrapped in a towel. "Does this mean I'm going with you?" She kissed his nose as he sat on the edge of the bed pulling on his boots. "Well, I was hoping you would. It's not as much fun without you." "Are any of the other women going?" "Jake says Leah's coming. She's riding her own bike. And I think Emily's coming with Sam. You know, Jake has offered to fix up a bike for you." Sarah shook her head. "Not interested. I much prefer to ride with my arms around you. Let all the other women know you're not available." She grinned, pulling on a long sleeved turtleneck sweater. "Want me to braid your hair so it won't get all windblown?" He nodded, smiling. He was perfectly capable of braiding his own hair and had been doing so for many years, but he much preferred her gentle touch on his scalp. And she loved his soft, thick hair. She often finished off his braid with a feather, but it would never stay put when he rode the Harley hard. And that was the only way Billy rode. Sarah was just finishing his braid when they heard the impatient rumble of Jacob's Harley in the driveway. Leah's Ducati had a different pitch, and it was a bit quieter. Sam's Honda Goldwing was the luxury ride he used for himself and Emily, complete with heat and headsets for communicating. Its idle was more of a purr than a snarl. Seth sneered at the elegant machine, insisting that he'd "rather have a sister in a whorehouse than a brother on a Honda." Seth's Harley was a patchwork quilt of parts that Jacob had expertly strung together for him. It was the fastest one of the bunch. Billy and Sarah walked out the door, a backpack slung over his shoulder. Leah hollered to him, "Hey Billy! How can you tell a happy biker?" He chuckled and tossed back, "By the bugs on his teeth, Leah! Everybody knows that!" He handed the metallic blue helmet to Sarah while he fetched his Harley from the garage. It was an impressive machine, with more sparkling chrome than blue paint. They pulled out onto the road in a single file, headed for the highway that ran along the coast. Sarah settled comfortably into the seat behind Billy. She loved to ride this way, her arms wrapped securely around her husband and the world flashing by at 60 or 70 miles per hour. They stopped every couple of hours to stretch their legs and provide bathroom breaks for anyone who needed them. They traveled north along 101 past the Makah reservation, then turned east toward Port Angeles, where they stopped for lunch at a small Italian restaurant. Spirits were high, and the waitress was amused by the amount of food the group consumed. "Where are we headed?" Leah asked Sam, who had taken the lead when they left LaPush. "There's a waterfall I found on patrol one day. Figured it would make a nice ride and you'd all enjoy it - maybe even take a dip." He grinned at Emily. Emily shivered. "Today? You people are nuts!" But she smiled and squeezed Sam's hand. Another hour brought them to the turnoff from the main road. They traveled slowly up a logging path until the vegetation closed in and they had to park the bikes. "Come on, it's not much farther." Sarah grabbed her backpack and followed as Sam urged them on through the thick underbrush. Soon the shifters could hear the water, and they followed the sound. "Damn!" Leah breathed as she stepped out into the clearing. The waterfall was thundering so loudly that Jacob, holding her hand, was the only one of the group who heard her. One by one, as they left the cover of the trees, they stood and stared in awe at the rushing water and the crystal clear pool at the base. Sarah took a seat in the shade and withdrew a sketch pad from the pack. She began drawing, frowning in concentration. Jacob tossed his clothing aside until he was down to his boxers, then dived cleanly into the water. He surfaced near the center and shook his head, crystal droplets flying around him. "Come on in, guys! It's cool but refreshing!" Leah shrugged and stripped down to her Victoria's Secret undies, powder blue and lacy. She dived in, quickly followed by Seth. Billy smiled and wandered over to Sarah, sitting next to her and peeking over her shoulder. "That's beautiful, hon," he observed, then added. "She's beautiful." The charcoal drawing captured Leah's grace as she stood poised on the rock, her leg muscles tensed just before leaping into the water. The Leah on the page, however, was completely nude. "Not sure she'll appreciate your artistic license, babe," he added with a chuckle, "but that underwear doesn't leave much to the imagination." Sarah smiled, her eyes never leaving the drawing. "That girl is poetry in motion. I love to draw her." Billy kissed the top of Sarah's head. "You're very talented, my dear. I