I own nothing. Hermione sat outside the office of Headmistress McGonagall. She and her two best friends went back to Hogwarts to complete their schooling and it was now nearing the graduation. To her left sat her boyfriend and friend Ronald Weasley, while her other friend, Harry Potter was inside the office with the professor. All seventh years had meetings with the Headmistress within the next three weeks to discuss future career choices based on the grades they all currently held and the grades on the NEWTs they had yet to receive due to the testing only just ending. Thus why 19 year old Hermione Granger was only now getting the chance to graduate and choose a career. She and Ron had gotten together just after the war, but Hermione knew it wouldn't last much longer. She was getting sick of the constant fighting and her absolute dislike of quidditch, which seemed to be all he could talk about. Plus the fact that Ron had tried to talk her out of going to her meeting because 'she wouldn't need the job since she would be getting married and pregnant just after graduation', never mind the fact that he hadn't asked her to marry him and the fact that she didn't want children yet, or maybe even at all. Harry exited the office and waved Hermione in. Her nerves continued to bother her. Harry would undoubtedly take Ron's side in the ending of the relationship seeing as how big a supporter he was of it. As she sat in front of the desk the Headmistress kindly informed her that she could get any job she wanted before handing her a pile of pamphlets about every single job opportunity possible in the wizarding world, with the ones she thought most likely on top. They were all ministry pamphlets. Hermione smiled and exited the office, waving Ron in on her way. She needed to end things, and soon if the look he gave her pile was any indication of his feelings toward it. He rolled his eyes and shook his head in a sort of amused way, like he knew she wouldn't get a chance to accept any of the offers. That was another reason right there. Ron had insisted he would be a professional quidditch player or an Auror, but he had none of the qualifications or grades for either. Sighing, Hermione walked to the dormitories where she could get some peace and quiet from all the others in the castle. It took another two weeks before she finally got the courage to break things off with Ron, she went to the common room in search of him only to find Harry and Ron discussing her future. "Mum's really happy that we're getting married. Though she did tell me I would need to work for her to change her mind about getting a job. Man was she right." "Maybe you should let her get a job; at least until she's had a kid then you could revisit the topic again..." Harry seemed unsure, but Hermione burst. Skipping into the room she made her presence known. "'Mione! You ready for dinner? We've been waiting forever!" Ron exclaimed "Actually I was wondering if I could speak to you in private for a moment before we go down? It will only take a moment." She assured him. Nodding he sent Harry down to get them a seat and wait for their arrival. "Ron, we're over. You don't understand that I need to work and be productive. You also just aren't the right person for me, quite honestly I don't love you and I never will." She blurted out, deciding to be blunt about things. Ron gaped and Hermione turned to go back to her dorm. She got there just in time to hear the eruption before the portrait slammed and she knew all of Hogwarts would hear about things soon. Picking up the pamphlets, Hermione readied herself to finally look through them and send out applications to the interesting ones. Knowing the ones on the top of her stack were what were expected of her she picked the one from the bottom and held it in her hand. She stared at the page and read through the pamphlet a total of 12 times in the time frame of twenty minutes. Finally she nodded and placed the pamphlet on her bed, the only bed in her room, being Head Girl had its perks she thought as she heard the rest of her house enter from dinner. Smirking to herself, Hermione conjured her patronus and sent it off as a way of application. Five minutes later a dragon patronus entered the room. It spoke in a voice Hermione hadn't heard in a little less than a year. "Hey there Hermione; gotta admit I didn't think this would interest you as a job. I talked to my Head Dragon Healer and they're ecstatic to have received any application, let alone yours. If you want the job it's yours. Two months training and room and utilities are included. Be here in two days, I look forward to having you work for me." Hermione sent a patronus back to Charlie, thanking him explicitly for the job on the reserve. He had become Deputy Head of the reserve shortly after the war, once he returned, because the head had decided to retire. He was even offered to be the Head Dragon Wrangler but declined due to the paperwork involved and it meaning less time spent with the dragons. She let out a breath. It was done. She, Hermione Granger, had willingly decided to become a Veterinarian for dragons; with Charlie Weasley as her boss; in Romania; and she started in two days; which meant she had to leave the next day in order to clear out her parents house and sell it as well as pack everything up, meaning she would miss graduation. Laughing hysterically, Hermione walked out of her dorm and down to the common room. She walked through that, pointedly ignoring all the stares she was receiving and the red head trying to talk to her. She marched out of the room and began to walk in the direction of the Headmistresses office. Everyone stared at her as she passed and Draco Malfoy was standing by the door to the office, having just finished giving a report that he was required to give as Head Boy. He looked at her strangely; they had become friends since being appointed Head Girl and Boy that year. He smirked. "Finally lose your mind Granger?" He asked, his smirk never faltering. "No, I just think I'm about to give our Headmistress a heart attack." She claimed as she sobered. "Why?" "I just decided on, applied for, and was accepted for a job..." "So? That's not that bad, even I've done that." "Really where?" "It's in Romania, a position dealing with specialized research for potions that fight the effects of dark magic." "That's great!" "Shit, I forgot to tell McGonagall, mind if I join you?" "Nope, let's go and do this." The duo entered the office and Draco informed the Headmistress on his achievement. She thanked him for the notification and handed him his diploma, seeing as how he would need to leave before graduation. It was now Hermione's turn. "I'm afraid I will need my diploma as well. I will be leaving tomorrow morning, first thing. That way I can pack up my parent's house and put it on the market, also I need to pack my things and arrange a portkey. My job starts in two days time." "What other facts do I get, and what is the title of your job?" "Well, it's also in Romania; it has a two month training period... Oh, and I get to work with Charlie Weasley. As for the title, I am going to be a Dragon Healer. It was the pamphlet on the bottom of the pile and I thought it looked the most interesting. I didn't even bother to look at the rest of the options, just picked the job and sent a patronus to Charlie offering my application. He talked with his Head Healer and I was hired on the spot. Apparently not many people are applying so she agreed before she even heard my marks or my name." McGonagall looked ready to pass out and Draco was red in the face from trying to contain his laughter. "Need some help with your house? I could come with and then we could just portkey out together, my job starts the same day as yours." He offered "I would love the help, thank you Draco." "No problem Granger." "A Dragon Healer?" McGonagall breathed out "Yes Professor." Hermione confirmed as she took her proffered diploma. "So, why don't we meet in the entrance hall around 9am tomorrow and leave from there?" "Sounds good," Draco nodded. "We can go to your parent's house first, then to the ministry for the portkey, and then finish at the real estate office." "We sleep at the house then leave the next morning for Romania, get you a place to stay and then we can explore the area since it will still be another day until we start work." The two nodded then turned and left the dumbfounded Headmistress in favor of their rooms. Plans made, and the next day carried out, Hermione was now at the main office of the dragon reserve waiting for Charlie to get back from his morning rounds. She hadn't waited longer than five minutes before Charlie Weasley and an older woman she didn't know entered the room with smiles. Charlie had always been one of the shortest of the Weasley brood, but he was also the most muscular, and had tattoos. His hair also wasn't the bright red that the rest of the Weasley's shared but was darker and more of an auburn color than anything. Hermione stared at him for a few moments trying to rationalize that having a crush on him was not a good idea, before turning her attention the slim woman next to him. She was older and had dark brown hair streaked with grey held in a pony tail. Her eyes were kind and her arms had scars from years working with clawed creatures that were much bigger and more aggressive then her. She had a kind smile on her face as she looked at Hermione. "Hey Hermione, this is your trainer and the head of the dragon healing department, mainly out of default seeing as how there are only the two of you now." Hermione's eyes widened momentarily before she smiled. "You guys only work with the babies though, it would be too dangerous to try and heal a full grown dragon, best to leave that to us wranglers if it's too serious. Anyways, I'll leave you two to introductions and such, gotta run. I'll meet you at your cabin later, I think me and you should have a talk about your job choice and the letters I've been getting from my family." Charlie winked before he turned and left. "Hello I'm Matilda Gudrun, you may call me Mal if you wish, just about everyone does." "Hello Mal, it's nice to meet you, I'm Hermione Granger." "Okay Hermione, we have two months to train you, let's get started shall we?" Hermione nodded enthusiastically and she was then given a tour of the entire compound. She marveled at the dragons and cooed at the babies. She took note of what each building was and where her cabin was, as well as the layout of the healing room that she was going to be working in beside the baby's pen. After a long day she just wanted to sit back and relax but Charlie did indeed come knocking on her door just after his shift ended. The Dragon Healers were always on call and mainly worked rehabilitating the injured