I own Nothing. This is a song-fic for All the Rowboats by Regina Spektor. I hope you enjoy and I ask that nobody post rude reviews as I don't really care if you didn't like my story. Hermione walked the halls of Hogwarts looking at the paintings. As she walked she realized how much she wished she could do what they did and just walk away from the life given to them and join another life, another time even. However, no matter how hard she tried her life was hers and hers alone and it would never change. Why, you may ask was Hermione this depressed on this very day? Well the answer was simple, Ronald Weasley. She and Ron had begun a relationship after the war had ended a few months ago and things were going great, until he cheated on her for all of the world to see. She found out through the daily prophet and so had everyone else. After that he'd sent her a letter explaining things, nobody got to read the letter as she had incinerated it in front of all the patrons in the great hall. Ever since then she had been wondering if what he'd said was true. Was she really bossy and annoying? A prude and no fun? She didn't think so, then again she did come back to Hogwarts to apprentice under Flitwick in charms as opposed to joining the Aurors and the boys in finding and capturing all the missing death eaters. Not as action filled in comparison. That was two weeks ago and she'd been moping around the castle ever since. It wasn't, now that she thought about it, because she was in love with Ron. It was more that someone who had been her friend for 7 years had insulted her so badly and her second family had sided with him, even Harry. The professors all looked worried about her. She saw that, their faces seemed permanently fixed in a pitying frown whenever she was around. They didn't mention Ron and walked on eggshells around her. It was beginning to annoy her and make her avoid the leaders of the school. Well almost all of them, Severus Snape didn't pity or avoid talking about Ron, for which she was glad, not that she talked to him. Maybe I should. I could use a friend. Not yet though, I need to think. She thought. Eventually the pitying looks were getting to be too much and Hermione no longer knew what to do when, one day, Headmistress McGonagall pulled her aside. "Miss. Granger, how are you today?" "I'm well thank you, how are you?" "Oh, I'm just fine. Listen I wanted to give you some advice... a lot of the younger students tend to look up to you. You're their role model and I can't fault their logic, a strong, brilliant woman like you deserves some recognition. However with the way you carry yourself nowadays I don't like the way it influences them, I was wondering how much longer you plan to be hung up on Mr. Weasley?" "I couldn't tell you professor." Hermione gritted through her teeth. "Maybe forever and a day, or for another hour? Who knows?" "What were you looking at these paintings for, you always seem to look at them and I'm confused as to why that is?" "These paintings are oil correct?" "I don't know?" "They are, that's the only type of paint that would allow the spell that makes them move be done properly. I always wonder who painted them, or who made the spell." "Well someone with great patience I would presume." "I wonder what the human race would be like if we could do what they do." "Sit on a wall for hours on end?" "No, change their scenery any time they want, leave the place they were given and come back as often as they feel. It's a little like inter dimensional travel mixed with time travel. I wish I could try that, it would be marvelous to leave your life and join someone else's." "Miss. Granger are you feeling okay? And why did you mention time?" McGonagall looked very confused and nervous, this was one of the signs of insanity surely. "Time because they travel through time constantly. Not all paintings were done on the same day or even the same century. They travel through time to get to see their friends. I've talked to most of the paintings that would talk to me and they tend to agree that the way they live is much better than what they see us live through. We are constantly locked in one place and time just so we can live our lives as the gods deem fit." "Miss. Granger, how did this come about?" "I don't know really, it just did. Paintings give some of the best advice. If I knew it wouldn't possibly kill me I would try to join them, but alas I must wait until my time on this earth is finished." The bell to signal the end of class sounded and the halls flooded with students as the headmistress stood rooted in place and Hermione Granger walked away from her with a small smirk. She continued to walk until she reached the dungeons, a voice interrupted her before she could get lost though. "Miss. Granger, will you ever tire of scaring the other professors in this school?" Severus Snape drawled from behind her. She turned to look at her sarcastic ex potions teacher. "No, I don't think I will. It's their own fault; they're the ones who pity far too easily. They don't even try to hide it and I hate pity. Then again your safe, you have had years of practice not caring so you've gotten quite good at it." "Well maybe you should stop with the Lovegood routine, it's scaring some of them and I fear they might send you to the mind healers very soon." "Fine..." she sighed. "On one condition, you need to agree to be my friend." "Why in Merlin's great name would I do that?" "Maybe the fact that I'm the only one who can give you proper intellectual debates and conversations around here? If you don't want them though, that's fine to I guess." "Unfortunately you are correct. I don't have friends on principle though so you're out of luck." "How about an acquaintance that you spend time with and debate against on many topics in a friendly manner?" "That's doable I guess..." "Great!" Snape winced. "Why do I feel I've just signed my death warrant?" "You probably have." Hermione beamed "How about tea tomorrow in your rooms?" "If I have to, I guess that's fine." Hermione smiled once more at his reluctance and left the dungeons and the bat that lived in them to their peace. Hermione arrived at Severus' chambers the next night just after dinner. He let her in and led the way to the living area. Hermione's mouth dropped open at the sight that met her, floor to ceiling bookshelves that were full to the max with old tomes. "I see you like my book collection..." Severus commented with a touch of amusement, Hermione simply nodded and walked over to the closest shelf. "You've got books in French and Latin." "You seem surprised. Oh I also have some in German, Italian, and Dutch, some Greek too." "This is amazing! You even have the German philosophers; some of those are hard to follow." "They are, but not as bad as some of the Dutch ones; I'm beginning to think they all went mental." "I've never tried the Dutch or the Italian. I've been working though the French at the moment and I already finished what I could of the Latin, Greek and German." "Oh really... you seem to hold a lot of faith in the past and in books." "I'm not one that holds much integrity in faith, other than monogamy but that's a little different. After all 'faith is not wanting to know what is true.'" "Friedrich Nietzsche, impressive. How do you take your tea?" "Black, so is this why everyone thinks you're a hermit? You're reading instead of frying your brain cells conversing with others?" "Yes, this is the main reason I guess. That and my research and potion brewing is very time consuming." "True, what are you working on right now?" "A cure for the after effects of the Cruciatus curse... I feel it's only right that this is what I work on when so many were affected by it during the war." Severus told her while handing her the tea. "You know nobody blames you for anything... well I don't anyways and the ones who do are all douche bags." "Thank you for that, even though it is unnecessary." "How is your neck these days? Does it still hurt to swallow or speak?" "I'm surprised you even mentioned it, not many do. They all seem to think those of us who were intensely injured don't want to talk about it ever again and think that because the war is over the injuries disappeared." "You still haven't answered my question, nice evasion though. I'm a fan of evasion by bell; I avoid people until just before the bell and sneak away with the students." "My neck is fine, even if it is none of your business." "It's all my business; you're my best and only friend now." "Does that have anything to do with my books?" "Nothing at all, why do you ask?" "I'm not your friend, you're lucky I'm even talking to you when I could just as easily ignore you." "Fine then, just remember that leaves you with the dunderheads to debate with." "Same to you." "Yes, but I lasted with Harry and Ronald for 7 years." "Touché." "I need to go, I have some work to do for Flitwick, but I'll be back some time in the next week." "I agreed to one tea, nothing more." "You agreed to an acquaintance, plus you love my company." Hermione told him while walking out of the room. "What did I get myself into?" Severus asked the empty room. As the months passed Hermione and Severus had tea almost daily, they had a sort of friendship where one wanted it and the other just accepted it because they had no other choice. Christmas came and went and they celebrated it together as neither had anyone else. They didn't exchange presents but they did get very drunk and toast to the dunderheads of futures past. It was now two weeks into the New Year and classes had started again. "You know, you would think the fourth years could all spell charms correctly. Apparently that's too much to ask though." Hermione commented, Flitwick was surprised at just how much she sounded like Severus nowadays. He of course knew that she met him for tea every so often but this was ridiculous. As the weeks passed Hermione grew more and more similar to Severus, for which he considered his greatest achievement. The other teachers thought she'd been cursed and had questioned Severus repeatedly, much to his annoyance. One day early in February Hermione received a letter and promptly ran out of the hall. Many of the professors went to follow her but Severus glared at them all, knowing she just wanted time alone. The next day, when Hermione was still nowhere to be seen, Severus went to her chambers for the first time. After knocking for a solid three minutes he got bored and started guessing passwords. He finally guessed it correctly on the 32nd try. Her password was The Sevster , the nickname she tried to give him and he refused to let her use. "Hermione I thought I told you I never wanted to hear the name The Sevster again!" He yelled when he walked in. She came out of her bedroom with puffy eyes and