This is my friend Matthews Fic. Please leave a reveiw and tell him what you think Narrators' POV Peeta wakes up face flat on the cold path that is covered with snow in his hair. blood coming out little by little in different directions. Painful to move. Painful to breathe. Lying barely keeping his eyes open. Scared that if he does close his eyes it will be all over. Lying in a dark grey almost black trench coat. Black jeans that are slightly cut even before he fell. Blonde hair covered in light snow slowly melting because of his body heat. He closes his eyes in peace. Katniss walks into the Victors Village after hunting. She then walks to beside the fountain. She quickly gets him into her house and cleans him up. Peeta slowly opens his eyes. "Is your mother not here" he asks. "No, she's busy" Katniss replies. Peeta looks around studying his situation. Katniss moves from the kitchen to the living room slowly followed by Peeta. His wounds seemed to have healed."So how have you been" asks Katniss. "Alright apart from, well you know" he says as he highly taps his head. Even though it is a light tap he has to bite his lip to hold in the pain. Katniss leaves and when she returns with a couple of drinks she notices him looking at a photo book that she normally keeps under the coffee table. "Katniss,have you and Gale" said Peeta quite awkwardly as he looks at a picture of Gale. "What?" asked Katniss."You know"Peeta answers as he puts down the photobook."ohh" replied Katniss disgusted at Peeta for asking such a question "and no you, with anyone?".Peeta now retreating he asked went "no"." It sucks" said Peeta."It will if your lucky"Said Katniss."Hopefully"replied Peeta with a cheeky grin. "Do you think this will ever end" asked Peeta although dreading the answer."I don't know"said Katniss."I was talking about the Hunger games" Peeta said."I thought you meant this, us"said Katniss."I don't think that you will ever get married. With your say and your image"Said Peeta."What image? questioned Katniss. "The Mockingjay" said Peeta."Rebellion" he continued now quieter."What if I don't want to be the 'Mockingjay'?" said Katniss. "I don't think you have a choice. You are the Mockingjay" said Peeta as Katniss looked at him puzzled."Mockingbird because you can sing" said Peeta and Katniss blushed and smiled."And a jabberjay because you can be as annoying as hell" said Peeta as Katniss got furious with Peeta and gave him the stare of death. "So why did you keep me here?" asked Peeta."Haymitch thought it would be a good idea to get to know each other again before the Victory' tour" replied Katniss. "Is that the only reason?" asked Peeta."I wanted the company as well" said Katniss partly wishing she didn't. "It is just to prove that we are never far away from the Hunger Games I'm surprised they don't have a Christmas special." she continued."I know right"Peeta said as he laughed."Peeta don't laugh at these things"Katniss spoke seriously. Katniss went into the kitchen and when she came back she brought back a couple of shot bottles and two shot glasses. She then spoke "well I'm sick to death talking about the Capitol"." So what do you want to do with those" Peeta asked puzzled."Well, you know how we need to follow in our mentors footsteps" said Katniss."Uh,hu" Peeta said."Well" Katniss says as she puts the bottle on the table ."Lets follow" she continues whilst pouring the shots into the glasses."Katniss are ...are you... sure about this" questions Peeta."Pretty sure" says Katniss confused at how Peeta wasn't sure."Okay" Peeta says. He then takes a deep exhale. Katniss takes her glass with the shot in it."3" Says Katniss."2" shortly follows from her mouth this time more assertive. Peeta finally agrees and takes the glass in his hand less eager than Katniss."1" he says quieter and less enthusiastic than Katniss. They throw their shots back. Both of them find it disgusting at first but they do take another, then another, and another. After about 6 or 7 shots each later Katniss and Peeta have now got a slur and none of them sober Katniss says "You know Peeta You look even sexier than Gale"." Ohh really" says Peeta."You can bet on that" says Katniss "by you can't bet on that old virginity of yours" she continues now cheekily."Peeta doesn't quite catch what she says is flirting no matter how much he is Intoxicated he was. They started flirting so badly that I shall spare you. Shortly after they started flirting they started kissing passionately first softly but still quite wreckless first small kisses on the lips, then with the tongues mixed with some light touches on the cheek. Peeta carried Katniss up to where her(Katniss) bed lay, laid Katniss on the bed and toke off his shirt revealing a outline of his abs he kissed Katniss now more refined. Peeta was the more sober one he could still barely make out Katniss. Peeta then slowly takes his belt down...and that's all they remember Katniss' POV I open my eyes slowly my head is pounding I feel a arm around me I don't startle because I don't know who it is but it just feels good in his at least I'm sure its a he. I check ohhhhhhh yeah its a guy although it's not Gale he's not got abs like Gale. I wonder who it is and why he's here. Wait, did we do it. Besides who is my my knight without armour. Do I actually want to know. I decide to find out who my mystery man is. I slowly turn, my body is tense. I feel shudders down my back and it keeps going. He has blonde slightly brown hair, brown eyes and is my 'perfect' partner. He starts to wake up and I close my eyes but hear everything and just hope he is so hungover,like me,that he doesn't notice me. And he starts to move his fingers of his right hand, my very own star crossed lover. Peeta's POV I see her in my arms. I feel her in my arms as she tenses up and I feel my whole body shake. I start to move slowly because I don't want her to know if she doesn't already. There's a pounding in my head and I just want to tear it apart and out of my head. I see her eyes flutter and I know she isn't sleeping although why is she pretending although in a way I already know. She wakes up and in a way says knows that I know she wasn't really sleeping. "Looks like were not virgins anymore" I say but she just looks at me. I stare into her eyes and try to get a emotion as I get my pants on as she looks at me naked as I was. She didn't seem to be bothered. Wait did she want this to happen. Katniss is so confusing some times, one minute she's laughing the next minute she's trying to kill you and then worst of all then she's trying to play the 'unfortunate ' star crossed lovers act. I think she still has feelings for Gale, and to be honest who wouldn't. I mean he's got the body, the looks and above all he makes Katniss laugh. I think Katniss actually likes not having a choice of who she spends the rest of her life with. I wonder if this (the Hunger Games) never happened if she would of went with Gale or fate would of found a way. Katniss decides to leave while I gets dressed. We don't speak because the stares say it all. We stay away from each other for a while, although I still see her going to get game in the morning, sometimes. I wonder if she still hunts with Gale. My Father still works at the bakery where he sometimes catches glimpses of Katniss walking by but never goes in because her mother does the shopping. Not that there is a lot of shopping to be done since the Capitol provides most of our food. I give a handful away but secretly because if the peacekeepers catch you giving any food away they will stop sending food. Katniss' POV I was up slowly when I do I honestly don't see the point anymore. When Gale can he hunts with me but most of the time it's just me. Which I'm fine with but sometimes you can have to much alone time. I didn't go out for a while after that night with Peeta. It's not that I didn't want to its just I didn't want to see Peeta or anyone really. But today I would see Gale I haven't told him about what happened for obvious reasons. It felt nice (waking up with Peeta)but I know it shouldn't. But hopefully Gale will take my mind of Peeta. I walk to the fence post where I meet Gale and we walk into the woods where I got my bow and arrows. I walk in front but Gale slowly gets in front and diverts the path. After about 20-25 minutes of walking I see something in the distance but its not until I get up close I see its a picnic. The basket is closed Gale lyes down so I also lye down. Gale's POV I watch her bewildered at what I have done. Amazed at the effort. Shocked at the beauty. Fascinated at why- which she eventually just asks. Which I reply because I can that makes her blush. "So would 'lover boy' do this for you?" I ask which makes her grunt and reply " and you were doing so well". We eat the picnic some bread, some jam Katniss' mother was first reluctant to give me, and some scones from the bakery that was the hardest thing I have had to get in the world (And most expensive). She gladly sits we mock the Capitol (which Katniss isn't that into or at least as much she did in the past) but I get her to smile here and there even though she tries to deny it. In the midst of all of that we eventually go on to talk about Peeta which if I'm honest I'm not that comparable talking about. I've asked if they have made any babies to what she answers no and she is still a virgin and thinks he is as well. I can't stop thinking how everyone is still talking about them and even now after all this time she still has the same feelings (even if its dulled down) as him. I don't even know what I mean by same feelings. Its just everything she does just reminds me of him. However in one moment of weakness, insanity and hope I kiss her and she doesn't back away. I kiss her again this time more passionately more forcefully. Once again licking her top lips and again still waiting for access. Once more not caring if she grants me access just going in determined not to lose what I hold close in the world even if she doesn't know it. I make sure in this one kiss she knows she's beautiful, caring and that I would never let her down. I get access and our tongues fight for dominance not one of us is backing down. We don't go all the way and I don't know why. She doesn't give me a reasonable explanation. She just says she's not ready but at this rate I don't think she will ever be. That Night for Peeta My eyes open slowly I'm in my own bed with my arm wrapped around what I think it's Katniss just like what we done all those weeks ago naked as well except its not Katniss its Gale with my pelvis right up against his but. I