Abjured by San Antonio Rose Ye have abjured Me, but ye remainMine. I gave you life. Now it shall be shortened, and each of you in a little while shall come to Me, to learn who is your Lord: the one ye worship, or I who made him. —Eru Ilúvatar, "The Tale of Adanel," Morgoth's Ring The burn of the dagger as it pierced the skin behind his knee, skin that had become insensible to physical pain an Age ago, this pain that shot through the whole of his ancient being and reached his very soul… the sting of the sword that ended almost as suddenly as it had come as the blade severed bone and nerve… and suddenly it was over, and he saw his empty trappings fall away, and he screamed as the Maiar of Mandos took hold of him and bore him away to the hated West. He defied Mandos to his face. He sulked as the Maiar brought him, bound, to the ship on the shores of the outermost sea. He resented being confined with so many bright spirits like Halbarad and Théoden. He wished to be left alone in a place where their light could no longer torment him. It was only as the ship passed beyond the walls of Arda that he realized that he was no longer wearing the ring. The light grew only brighter as the ship approached the Timeless Halls, both from without and from within—the 'righteous' (as he called them sneeringly) seemed to glow with anticipation. He was in no such hurry. But finally they reached their destination, and the naked fëar were escorted from the ship through the Halls and into an antechamber, whence they were led, one at a time, into another room. He steadfastly refused to look at it. Soon—too soon—he was summoned, and though he tried to resist, the searing grasp of the Ainur was too firm for him to break away. They brought him through the double doors… and he was enveloped in a blinding light so strong and pure that he feared it would burn him alive, and he cried out in agony. He had felt such a sensation once before, but this… this was an all -consuming fire. When the Ainur released him, he collapsed on the floor and curled into a tight ball, cursing his cowardice yet unable to bear the light. "Rise, My child," said a voice like a rumble of distant thunder. "I cannot," he replied petulantly. "Come, friend," coaxed a second voice in tones that reminded him of the hated Faithful he had known. "There is strength for him who asks. Stand before thy Maker." "I… I cannot." "Thou canst," came a whisper in his ear as gentle as a summer breeze. He shuddered but made a great effort and forced himself to his feet, trembling as he stood with his eyes shut tightly. "Who… who are you?" he asked. "I Am," all three voices answered at once. "And who art thou?" the first voice continued. "I am the Witch-king of Angmar, lord of the Nazgûl and lieutenant of the Dark Lord." "That is not what I asked. Who art thou?" He was so startled that his eyes popped open. "What… what do you mean?" "Thy name is Varno," supplied the second voice helpfully. Varno … he had not heard that name for more than an Age. Truth be told, he had forgotten it long before the Last Alliance… his name, his home, the family he had known as the youngest son of the lord of Vinyalondë. Sauron had burned away his past. Why were these voices bringing it up again? "All must give account of the life I have given them," the first voice replied, as if the speaker had heard his thoughts. "And thou must answer for much, for thou hast stolen more days than I had allotted thee, though I had given thee longer life than that of most Men." "Wilt thou not remember?" asked the second voice. "I don't want to," Varno whimpered. "Try," whispered the third voice. Long-dead memories returned unbidden—happy childhood days in Vinyalondë, lessons about the history of Arda and of the Númenoreans, the beginnings of a secret resentment of the life of the Eldar and of those whose folly cost Men their immortality. The voices questioned and prodded as Varno's life, good deeds and bad, unfolded in his memory; sometimes he could answer, sometimes not. Together they watched him grow into a young man, left behind to govern the harbor as his father and brothers went to war against Sauron and help the commanders from Númenor who came unexpectedly in the darkest hour of the war, then mourn the loss of all who were dearest to him, a loss so great that it almost overwhelmed the joy of victory. And they watched young Varno talk with the ambitious Prince Ciryatan and begin to desire wealth and power to fill the void his father's death had left, as well as the ability to avoid death either from age or from battle wounds. "It seemed an idle wish at the time," said the second voice. "I suppose so," Varno agreed. "But then the messenger came…." The voices fell silent, letting Varno tell his tale and review his memories even when he ceased to speak, the first voice reaching him only occasionally. The Southron came into Vinyalondë one day in Second Age 1710 and requested a private audience with the lord of the harbor. Curious, Varno received him. After the usual exchange of pleasantries, Varno felt sure the man was not dangerous and dismissed the guards. Once they were alone, the Southron drew a small black pouch out of his robes. "My master Annatar sends you greetings," he began, "and bids me give you this trinket as a token of his friendship. It is to be for your use alone, for the power it bestows cannot be divided. Use it as a tool in whatever way you see fit. In return, my master asks only that you come to him when he should summon you." Varno thought he could hear a faint thrumming noise as he took the pouch from the messenger. "This is no mere trinket, I deem," he laughed, attempting to hide the strange mixture of fear and curiosity he felt. "Indeed," the Southron replied. "It has certain virtues that you may find useful." Varno gingerly opened the pouch and slid its contents onto his palm. The heavy ring, made of both silver and gold and set with a great red amber stone, bore obvious signs of Elven workmanship, and there were tiny runes inside the band that he could not read. His heart raced as he examined it, and he felt his face grow hot as he flushed, though he knew not why. "Use it with care, my lord," the Southron warned. "I know very little of it, but I do know that its power is great." "I shall," Varno replied, hurriedly putting the ring back into its pouch. "Please convey my thanks to your master and tell him that I shall be pleased to accede to his request." The Southron bowed and left, and Varno raced to his chambers to hide the ring in a chest with some of his other treasures. As he slammed down the lid and turned the key in the lock, he let out a breath he did not realize he had been holding. Shaking, he walked away from it, determined not to take it out again save at greatest need. " Thou hadst desired power, yet when it came, thou knewest its dangers," said the first voice. "Thou wist well that it was wrong for thee to have." He had held to that determination for many years, though the ring seemed at times to call to him. Even when he wed, he did not speak of the ring to his wife. But eighty years is long even for a descendant of Elros, and at length, he succumbed to the temptation to look at it. At first, that was all he did, and then only for a short moment. Slowly, he began to feel capable of controlling its power long enough to study it closely. The more he learned, the longer he could hold it without feeling overwhelmed, and the more frequently he felt the urge to take it out again. Within a couple of years, he began to carry the pouch about with him to maintain contact with it. His wife Indil began to notice a change about him, and he could see suspicion in her eyes. But he said nothing to her until she caught him examining it one day in his study by slipping in unannounced. "So that is it," she whispered, shattering his concentration. When he looked up at her sharply, she continued, "I sensed a change… an aura about you that was different. I suppose it was that ring." "An aura?" "Aye. An aura… well, of power, I suppose. Sometimes it is so strong it frightens me." Varno put the ring back into the pouch. "I would never wish to frighten you, beloved," he smiled at her. Yet inwardly he rejoiced that he was growing accustomed to the power of the ring and that he was the stronger for it. "Have a care with that ring, beloved," Indil replied. "I have heard tales that Sauron tricked the Elven-smiths of Eregion into making magic rings and that he himself made a ring that would control all the others. I would not have you fall prey to the Enemy." "Oh, posh," said Varno, hoping to allay his own fears along with hers. "This was a gift… an heirloom. And Sauron has been defeated. I shall not easily fall to him." " Why would you lie?" asked the first voice. "You had long accounted your wife wise. And you knew she was right to fear." The couple agreed not to speak of the ring, and there the matter stood, though Varno spent ever longer periods studying the ring. Five or six years passed before he finally ventured to put it on. The sudden surge of power he felt was so overwhelming that he pulled it off at once and locked it away, reeling as if from too much strong wine. Once more he swore he would never touch it save at great need. Yet within a year he was carrying it again, and eventually he could wear it for short periods and wield it once every few months. Then Prince Ciryatan returned and ordered the Númenóreans in Middle-earth to expand their territory and return tribute, especially in treasure, to Númenor. The settlers who had removed from Vinyalondë to farm the surrounding countryside were none too happy about the new imposition, and after the prince left, they sent a delegation to Varno to petition him, as Tar-Minastir's regent, to report Ciryatan's behavior to the king and deliver them from his extortion. Varno received word of this delegation several days in advance, and he fretted over what to do about it. He too resented Ciryatan's interference, but he dared not refuse; he had seen the prince's temper and knew his boundless ambition, and he knew that Ciryatan would take the goods at swordpoint if Varno did not deliver. He also desired to stay in Ciryatan's good graces—he liked the prince and agreed with his philosophies far more than those of the King—and had little use for farmers, who he feared would take arms against him if he did not deal with them firmly. After days of agonizing, rejecting all attempts of others to give him counsel, he came to a decision. He knew by then that he could cause the ring to disappear while it was on his hand. He knew a few tricks he could play with it. And so he wore the ring to the meeting, taking care that it would not be seen.