Author's Note—In memory of Robert. A pastor, friend, and father who was taken too soon. Pictures of Egypt Part 1 " I've been painting pictures of Egypt Leaving out what it lacked The future seems so hard And I want to go back" from "Pictures of Egypt" by Sarah Groves I hadn't seen her in years, not since the night of the accident. Maybe it was better that way. God knows, I blame myself probably almost as much as she does. The constant reminder of what I had done would have been too much to bear. Still, I recognize her instantly. Even fifteen years later and from across the bookstore, I can spot Katniss Everdeen in a crowd. There was always just something about the way she moved that set her apart from the rest of the world. Her eyes meet mine, and I have a hard time not turning away. It's like I am taken back to all of those years ago. It was November, and I had come home from college to spend Thanksgiving with my family. I had driven home in the pouring rain late the night before on next to no sleep. My fraternity brothers had joined forces with one of the sororities and planned an event to raise money for families in need. As much as I'd wanted to skip it, I hadn't been able to. Instead, I packed up my stuff and headed out just before midnight. Though I was only three hours away at Pitt, it felt much farther. I didn't take well to life in the city, away from everything and everyone I loved. I missed my family. I missed my hometown. Mostly, I missed Katniss. We had been best friends for years. Her family lived just down the road from mine, and I had been charmed by the little tomboy since I was fourteen years old. Though she was three years younger than me and a girl to boot, I soon found out that she was just as crazy about the outdoors as I was. We climbed trees, hunted, fished, and rambled through the wilderness together. I don't think I could have asked for a better friend. But then my feelings started to change when I came home after my first year of college. Katniss had really started to change. Though she was far from a girlie-girl, her looks suddenly seemed way more feminine. I noticed the addition of two rounded breasts and the sudden fullness of her hips. The day she stripped down to her underwear to jump into the lake, I swear I could have blinded myself with my erection. I felt like a dirty old man staring at her. The gap between nineteen and sixteen was just too much, so I backed off. I forced myself to turn my lust towards more "suitable" targets. I became something of a self-proclaimed man-whore, taking all that the college girls had to offer. But in the back of my mind and the corner of my heart, there was always Katniss. The other girls just seemed like filler. I could leave any of them on a dime and not care one bit. I was always the quickest to pack my shit and go when breaks came, because I had something better to go home to. Katniss had turned eighteen that year and I was finally ready to make my move. After very little sleep, I forced myself to wake up early and head out to Sae's Cafe on Main Street. It was kind of a dive, but it had the best food in town. In a way, it was like that old show Cheers; everybody knew everyone else's name, and everybody had their own place at the counter. I wasn't there for the camaraderie, though. It also happened to be where Katniss worked part-time. I pulled my beat-to-hell-and-back truck into the parking lot, and chewed on a couple of extra mints. Though I had primped like a chick that morning, I wanted to be extra sure I didn't have anything nasty smelling going on. That was the day I was going to ask Katniss to come home with me for Thanksgiving... as my girlfriend. I strolled through the door to Sae's, trying to look as cool as humanly possible without looking like a douche—a fine line, I knew. Several people I knew said hello, but I barely paid any attention. I was looking at the object of my affection. Katniss was seated on the edge of a booth beside Peeta Fucking Mellark. My chest tightened at the scene. Peeta was that one guy that the rules said you just couldn't hate. He was too God-damned perfect. He was the kind of guy who volunteers at the food bank and rescues kittens in his free time. I couldn't remember him ever saying anything rude to anyone. Though he was a couple of years behind me in school, I remembered how the teachers all held him up as the prime example of how a teenage boy should act. The girls all loved him because he was the sensitive artist-type. And then there was the real reason you weren't supposed to hate him: he'd had cancer. Not only had he had cancer, but he'd lost his leg to it. How the Hell could you hate the one-legged cancer survivor who was just about perfect? Easy - I saw how he looked at Katniss. That was enough to make me want to knock his teeth down his throat. Before I could move to break up the action, Katniss spotted me. She all but ran up to me, and gave me a fierce hug. "Gale, you jerk! You didn't let me know you'd made it home," she chided as she punched me in the arm for good measure. "It was really late, Catnip. I doubt your Mom would have been too happy if I woke her up at three in the morning." I smiled ruefully as I rubbed the sore spot. "True," she agreed, pushing a stray hair from her forehead. "But you haven't even called once over the last two weeks. I thought you had forgotten us." "Not at all," I said, guiltily. Though I hadn't forgotten about Katniss or my family, I couldn't deny that I hadn't exactly been too available. College was like a different world. In a way, it was like I was even a different person at school, and I didn't know how to explain that to anyone at home. "Well, I've got to get back to work. Can you drop by after the breakfast rush is over?" she asked as a bell chimed from the kitchen. I had been hoping that she would have cozied up to me a booth as she had with Mellark, but obviously that wasn't going to happen. Pointing to an open booth, I asked, "Would you mind grabbing me a menu? I'm actually really hungry, and I don't mind hanging out." I sat with my back to the wall and surveyed my surroundings. I knew most everyone that came in and out of Sae's. In a town so small, it was hard to walk down the street without running into at least half a dozen people who knew you. Sometimes, it felt like a burden. They all filtered through the doors giving me hearty "hello's," but I had a feeling that what was said when I wasn't around was less than friendly. The general consensus in town was that I was wasted potential. I had led the school football team to the semi-finals, but couldn't get them through that last little push. On top of that, most of the college scouts for the big time teams overlooked me like I was nothing. I didn't even fight for it. When the time came, I chose not to even consider one of the smaller schools that wanted me. So what was I? Just another local could-have-been. The idea was less than appealing, and it made me want to tell them all to fuck off. I hunched over my steak and eggs, trying to pretend they weren't there. I reminded myself why I was even at Sae's. "Gale Hawthorne, the prodigal son returns." My head snapped up, and I instantly spotted Darius grinning down at me. Once, I had considered him my rival. We were almost like gods back in high school. As arrogant as it seemed, I knew—even back then—that I was the biggest thing in our school. In a graduating class of seventy-five, there wasn't much other competition for top dog. Darius was a year ahead of me, and pretty much had a harem following him around half of the time. He was good looking with a mischievous smile and red hair that the girls loved. We weren't really enemies, but I never really wanted to get to know him too well. Though I would never have admitted it then, I was jealous. "At least I got out of this place for a while," I quipped dryly. He laughed and seated himself across from me without being invited. "Here to try and steal your girl back from Peeta Mellark?" "She was never my girl, and it's not like she's actually dating him." "Man, are you behind on times!" he said with a whistle. "He's been here making kissy faces at her almost every Saturday, and rumor has it they've been seen at the movie theater almost every Friday." "What are you? A twelve year-old girl?" I grumbled. I stabbed a bite of steak, pretending it was Darius' face. He sighed. "Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but I think you missed your shot. Lavinia says..." "Wait, wait. Lavinia? Jesus freak, Lavinia?" I demanded. The image of the gawky, carrot-topped girl with a million and one t-shirts with Christian slogans and fish outlines on them came to mind, and I just couldn't see Darius talking to her. He scowled. "Don't call her that. Things have changed since you've been gone, Hawthorne." "I guess they have," I agreed. "I didn't know there was something going on between you two." "Listen, I have to get going. It's good to see you in town." He rose to his feet, and I suddenly felt like an asshole. "I didn't mean it like that. And high school's over, am I right?" I said uneasily. "I am going to get a bonfire going tonight out at the old Hob. You know, for old time's sake. You should bring her." "Maybe," he said with a noncommittal shrug as he headed for the door. "See you around." "Yeah. See you around," I echoed flatly. Katniss didn't make her way over to see me until almost an hour later. The crowd around us had thinned, and at some point, Peeta had left. She slid into the booth. "Sorry it took me so long," she said, tossing her apron down onto the table. "No problem," I lied. I didn't want to admit how annoyed I was at the moment. "So what's new and exciting with you?" she asked. "It feels like I never get to talk to you." "Oh, you know, just the usual. Stuff with classes and the frat guys." Katniss rolled her eyes. "You mean the young alcoholics club?" "It's not like that," I complained. "We do other stuff together besides drink." "Right," she drawled. "What about you and Mellark?" I spat. "You two look real sweet together." "Peeta is a good friend." Katniss began tying the left over straw paper into knots. "I don't see why you care." "I care. You know that I do." She looked at me expectantly like she was waiting for my confession to continue. Suddenly, all of the words that I had rehearsed in the mirror that morning went away. In the theater in my mind, it all went so easy, but in reality, I couldn't get the words out. It was like seeing her with Mellark had