Author's note—This story is kind of a pet project of mine. I don't usually write fanfiction and never AU stuff like this, but this plot bunny bit me on the butt one night and it just had to be done. The setting for this is Southern Pennsylvania coal towns circa early 1918. The first World War, I think provides a fitting back drop for the characters of the Hunger Games. Please let me know what you think. Also anyone with time to spare to beta for me, please PM me. I am desperate for someone to help me with this. I have three chapters done already but am waiting to get a beta to post that far. Stories of Us Chapter 1 "Katniss? Katniss, are you out here?" I could hear her calling me, but I found myself unable to move from my little hiding spot. I just wasn't ready to face her yet. Ever since Rory stopped by this morning, I had been wandering the forest near our home. I could picture him just appearing from behind on of the trees, teasing me about something or other with that look in his eyes. I could picture us sneaking kisses hidden by the foliage from prying eyes. But I knew that wouldn't happen. Gale was dead. "Katniss, please come back home!" Primrose called again. This time, I emerged from the old hollow tree and faced my sister. My tears had mostly dried leaving a salty film on my cheeks. "I would have been back soon," I half lied. Truth was, I would have come back. It was the "soon" part I wasn't so sure of. I wasn't like our mother. I was damn sure not going to shut down and waste away. No matter how much I hurt, I knew Prim needed me. Prim nodded and pulled her ragged shawl tighter around her shoulders. "I made some cornbread, but I don't suppose you feel much like eating." "I'll eat," I told her mechanically. Not like mama, I reminded myself silently. "I know it hurts, but it'll get better," she told me softly. Prim wrapped her arms around me and hugged me tight. She was still young enough to believe that broken hearts mended. She didn't realize that you just got better at hiding the pain. We began to walk toward our little cottage—though I suppose shack was the better term—with Prim's arm around my waist. She chattered on a bit about trivial things. Trying to keep my mind from drifting to the inevitable, but nothing she can say took my mind off of the fact that Gale was lying dead on some God forsaken French battlefield. Though no one told me how he died, my mind kept seeing him lying with his eyes wide open and a bullet hole in his chest. The macabre image didn't fade when we made it home either. The cornbread Primrose placed in front of me almost made me throw up, but I was true to my word and ate with Gale's face never leaving me. "Doc Haymitch stopped by. There were a couple of things he said he needs to talk to you about. He said it can wait till tomorrow but no later," Prim told me as she washed up the dinner things. "Okay," I agreed flatly. Prim kissed my forehead. "Go get some sleep. I can take care of things for a bit." Usually, I was the one to comfort and care for Prim. Our father died when I was just fifteen and Prim was twelve. There was an accident in the coal mines that took the lives of Papa and all the other men that were down there with him. In truth, we lost both parents that day. Mama had always been fragile in her way, and she just plain went to pieces. Not a full year passed before she drank an entire bottle of laudanam and joined him in the grave. It was my job to look after Prim no matter what. I put my skills as a hunter to use to keep food on the table and did a little gardening, but it wasn't enough. Soon it became apparent that I needed real work. Problem was there wasn't much work to be had for a girl my age—less it was on her back for the unmarried miners. Thankfully, my prayers were answered when Doc Haymitch came to town three years back. He hired me on to help tend the sick and injured. The pay was just a little cash and a share of whatever he was paid in trade, but it was enough to keep us going. That night was filled with nightmares of blood and dismemberment. I kept seeing him die again and again. Nothing I did could block out his imaginary screams. God how I hoped it had been quick for him. I prayed that he had died with a clean shot, but I would never know that. All I could do was try to tell myself that the dreams were nothing more than my imagining the worst. Before dawn, I gave up the fight and dressed. For years, Mama had scolded me for wearing boys' clothes. Papa had started it all by teaching me how to hunt when I was no more than six. He had told me that it was foolish to try and move in the woods in skirts. The freedom that trousers afforded me was addictive, and before long, the only time I wore a dress at all was on our few trips to town. At home, I dressed and acted more like a boy than a girl. I refused to try and be someone else. I put grabbed my gun on the way out the door. It had been Papa's gun, and though old, I kept it in good working order. There wasn't any money to buy a better one now. Besides, the piece was as much a part of me as my very own heart. I could shoot the eye out of squirrel, or so people said. All I know is that I almost never came back empty handed. The forest that day was exceptionally quiet. Even the call of the birds above seemed more distant. I walked my usual paths slower than normal taking in the sun that shown through the leaves and the soft rustling wind. Gale had once told me that he felt more of God here than he ever did in Sunday service. Not that I attended church much, but I agreed. The still grace that abounded in the woods had a way of freeing up bits of my soul that otherwise seemed too dark and knarled. Without much thought, I seated myself on a large stone and pulled an apple from my pack. I bit into the sweet crisp fruit and wondered if Gale's soul would return here to rest of if he would wander the world looking for the adventure he had always craved. Gale wanted more than the life of a coal miner. I could still remember the day he'd told me he was joining the army. There had been a spark in him that day that I had never seen before. It was almost as if he relished the thought of rushing into the heat of battle. He had dreams of seeing the world as an officer—of returning home as a hero. Gale was brave and resourceful. Surely he could make a name for himself in the military. And just perhaps, he could make a life for me at his side. Gale never asked me to marry him, but he swore that when he came home, he would put a ring on my finger. Funny thing was, even being the pragmatist that I am and knowing that soldiers often died in battle, I never imagined that he wouldn't come back. A subtle crack broke my thoughts, and I was once again alert. My eyes scannedthe tree line for whatever creature was moving ahead of me. With my rifle gripped in my hands and my eye trained down the barrel, I watched as slender doe appeared ahead of me. Her graceful strides carried her down along the edge of a dense corpse of trees and right into my sights. I took a deep breath and concentrated on just the right spot. Just as my finger brushed the trigger, she looked right at me. Though it was too far for me to actually look into her eyes, I met her gaze as best I could. Suddenly it struck me: I wondered if the man who killed Gale had looked into his eyes. I wondered if so, how he had been able to pull the trigger and snuff out the light from those eyes I knew so well. I lowered the gun and doubled over vomiting up bits of apple and bile. I returned home to find Prim slathering some of her prized jam on a bit leftover of cornbread. She gave me a soft smile and offered me the bread. Still feeling sick, I just shook my head and reached for the coffee pot. The strong, hot liquid helped wash away some of the film from my mouth and helped settle my stomach a bit. "No luck in the woods?" Prim asked. I shook my head. "No, but I heard Mrs. Callahan tell Doc that she would pay give him a couple of hens for taking such good care of her son." "Oh," Prim sighed whistfully, " a laying hen would be real nice. Just think of all the eggs!" I shrugged. I had been looking forward to fried chicken, but if Prim wanted eggs... My sister had a way with animals. We had an older than dirt nag, a damn near useless goat, and a meaner than hell she-cat. Two out of the three only lived by my sister's grace. The nag, I reasoned, was at least useful. "I should get dressed and head on into town. I'm sure there's plenty to be done," I said as I drained the last of my coffee. Prim frowned. "I don't think Doc would expect you to get back to work so soon after...well, after the news." "Well, I expect me to," I countered. I changed into a faded blue dress. It had come out of my mother's chest and was so worn in spots that you could read through it, but it was still usable for now. I pulled my dark hair back into a no-nonsense braid, and stared at my reflection. Vanity was never my greatest sin. I knew that some men found me attractive, but all I saw was just plain old me...nothing special. I briefly wondered what Gale had seen in me. Swallowing hard, I shoved my old straw bonnet onto my head and tied the frayed ribbons. By the time I came outside, Prim had already hitched up the horse to our rickety old cart. Much as I hated the cart, Papa had never gotten the gelding saddle broke. I hauled myself up without too much leg showing and took the reins that Prim offered. "Want to ride in along?" I asked. She shook her head. "I have a pile of mending that I took in from the laundress and she expects it all done by tomorrow morning," she explained making a face. Prim was quick with a needle, but that didn't mean she liked it much. In fact, I had a feeling that given the chance she would love to learn more healing skills from Doc. Our mother had been an apothecary's daughter and taught us both a bit. Prim excelled while I had struggled with the basics. If not for her age when Doc had first come around, I didn't doubt she'd have been his first choice of assistant. Town wasn't much of anything really. There was a merchantile and all of the usual stops (post office, church, tavern and