Okay guys, so I know this is really late for the whole Valentine mark. But, I've been super busy at work. This one is dedicated to Amy who helped me plan this all out. People are talkin', talkin' 'bout people I hear them whisper, you won't believe it They think we're lovers kept under covers I just ignore it, but they keep saying February 14 th - We laugh just a little too loud Hermione hated Valentine's day and it wasn't in the "I hate Valentine's day because I don't have a boyfriend," ways. She hated everything about it. The price of chocolate sky rocketed, the price of her favourite prosecco too AND those pitying looks she got from the other girls in the office when she didn't have a date. She hated the full thing and she especially hated the looks she got when she wound up alone in the pub after work. She sighed heavily, swirling her glass and scowling at the couple who were giving her sympathetic looks. She picked up her drink, making her way over the corner section of the bar. She sat down at the seat, pulling out her book and beginning to read. "Really Granger, Hogwarts a History?" Draco asked, sitting in the chair next to her and smirking at her. Hermione's hand faltered on the book and she turned to face Draco. She closed the book and sighed. "Draco," she said, smiling and taking a sip of her drink. "Waiting on your date?" he asked. Hermione scoffed and shook her head. "Can't I just come out for a drink without everyone asking where my date it is? Bloody hell," she muttered. Draco raised his eyebrows and shook his head. "You can. I am just surprised. Most girls won't be seen dead alone on Valentine's day," he said, gesturing to the barmaid and ordering a drink. "Trust me, I am regretting it," she said, pushing her hair behind her ear and smiling. Draco nodded and shook his head. "It's a bloody joke. People make you feel like a total prick for coming out for a drink AND all the meals are 'for two' prices. You are literally penalised for not conforming to societies ideas about what you should be doing," he muttered. Hermione raised her eyebrow. "I am guessing you aren't here for a date either?" she asked. Draco gave her a sharp look and shook his head. "I certainly am not. Merlin Granger, I know better than to take a girl for a date on Valentine's day," he said pointedly. Hermione laughed and elbowed him. "Having you here has stopped the strange looks I was getting," she pointed out. Draco smirked and nodded. "Same actually. Even the barmaid is giving us less sympathetic looks," he said. Hermione laughed and shook her head. Draco sighed, swirling his drink around in the glass. "The office was unbearable today," he muttered. Hermione groaned, covering her face. "Oh God, I KNOW! I swear those shrieks Jill kept doing every time she got a bloody rose. I could have killed her," Hermione muttered. Draco's lips twitched and he shrugged. "I actually thought it was quite creative. Every time she opened the drawer poof a rose. Quite a complicated spell if you think about it," he pointed out. Hermione laughed and glanced at him. "I actually thought you of all people would love Valentine's day. Doesn't your mother host the annual charity ball on Valentine's day?" she asked. Draco laughed and turned to face her. "Why on earth do you think I am here? My mother keeps demanding I bring a date. But, if you invite a woman to a Valentine's charity event that your mother is hosting. It kind of gives off the wrong vibe," he pointed out. Hermione laughed and shook her head. "I guess that is true. To anti Valentine's Day," she said, holding up her glass and clinking it against his. "To anti Valentine's Day," he said, taking a large gulp. He gestured at the board beside them and grinned at Hermione. "What do you think, pass ourselves off as a couple to get the free bottle of prosecco?" He asked. Hermione purses her lips and glances at the menu. "It would mean that we could get a booth in the corner. The seats are so much more comfortable," she said, pursing her lips and facing him. Draco arched his eyebrows and held out his arm. "Shall we?" He asked. Hermione laughed and nodded. "Let's," she agreed, making her way to the corner booth. Almost an hour later they were both highly intoxicated. Hermione let out a chuckle, leaning against Draco and covering her mouth. "Oh my God. Stop!" she shrieked, holding her stomach and leaning against Draco. He smirked, and shook his head. "It's true. Look at them. Staring at each other blankly, desperately waiting for their mains so they can fill the awkward silence with eating. Pathetic," he said, popping a chip into his mouth. Hermione sniggered, watching the couple in question and shaking her head. "There is so much pressure for them though. I remember when Viktor forced me to go on a Valentine's date...I thought I was going to be sick the full night! There are so many more expectations for them. Like look at how that guy is dressed. Who goes to their local pub in a suit?" she asked. Draco huffed and crossed his arms over his chest. "I would," he muttered. Hermione turned to face him. "Yes, but you are pretentious love," she reminded him. Draco shoved her, hard. "Wench," he hissed. Hermione laughed, pushing her hair from her eyes. "I need to go. Thanks for a great anti Valentine's Draco," she said, ruffling his hair and stepping away from him. Draco shook his head and smiled. "See you at work Granger," he said, winking at her. One Year later - We stand just a little too close "Oh my god!" Jill shrieked, standing up to hug the delivery guy. Hermione rolled her eyes and turned to face Draco who pulled a face, mimicking Jill. Hermione chewed her lip and let out a laugh. For the past few years they had been getting on great but the past year she might even have said they were friends. She stood up, making her way over to the photocopier. She felt a presence behind her and shook her head when she heard him muttering. "Bloody fools, the lot of them. Fancy the pub tonight? Heard that the leaky cauldron is giving away a bottle of firewhiskey to couples who order the steak," he said, resting his hand on the wall beside them. Hermione turned to face him, her eyebrow raised. "Don't look at me like that Granger, I love the steak in the leaky cauldron. Come on, I'll pay!" he said, grinning at her. Hermione laughed and shook her head. "And when our faces end up splashed across the prophet?" she asked. Draco grinned and leaned back against the wall. "Before we leave I'll let you slap me or throw a drink in my face. Can tell everyone it was the worst date ever. Come on. Having you there last year made everyone get off my back!" he said. Hermione pursed her lips. "I want to slap you and throw a drink in your face," she said. Draco laughed and nodded. "Done! Now, maybe tonight we can discuss working on a spell to block out Jill's screeches next year," he said, eyeing the girl in question. Hermione laughed. "She's happy!" she said, shoving him and heading back to her seat. She caught Padma's eyes and cleared her throat. "What?" she asked. Padma shook her head and smiled. "I didn't say anything," she said, smirking. x-x-x Draco shook his head, pointing his fork at Hermione and shaking his head. "That is not true! I distinctly remember he ridiculed me first," he said pointedly. Hermione scoffed and shook her head. "You gave him hell from the moment he arrived in Hogwarts!" she said pointedly. "Yeah because he laughed at my name!" he said defensively. Hermione laughed and took a sip of the firewhiskey. "Yeah, well...it is a bit ridiculous," she pointed out. Draco narrowed his eyes and nodded. "Yeah, you'd know all about a ridiculous name Hermione," he said. Hermione shook her head and stared at Hannah behind the bar. "What about Neville, did he insult you too?" she asked. Draco's face flushed and he cleared his throat. "I was just a horrendous bully, okay? A bully and a racist," he muttered, he pushed his vegetables around his plate. Hermione nodded and swirled her drink around in the glass. "You're right. You were. No one is going to deny that. But, you've changed Draco," she said softly. Draco laughed and smiled. "I am still a horrendous snob though," he said, holding his glass up to her. Hermione laughed and shook her head. "You are," she agreed. Draco laughed and he took the final bites of his dinner. "You deflate my ego Granger," he said, pouting slightly. Hermione laughed and shrugged. "Someone has to," she said, taking a swig of the firewhiskey. Almost two years later - We stare just a little too long Draco gnawed on his lips and balanced the coffee in his hand as he made his way over to Hermione's desk. She looked up, raising her eyebrows and staring at the bags in his hand. "Okay, what do you want?" she asked, staring at the bags in his hand. Her favourite bakery. She was pretty sure she could guess what was in the bag. A croissant filled with strawberry, banana and chocolate. It was what he always brought when he needed her help. Draco smiled, meting her eyes, a cheeky grin on his face. "Can't I just bring you your favourite breakfast without any ulterior motives?" he asked. Hermione shook her head and pursed her lips. "You could. But, you never do," she pointed out. Draco laughed, flopping down in the seat across from her. "True and today is no different," he admitted. Hermione shook her head and took the bag from him. "Come on then, fire away!" she said, taking a bite of her croissant. "I need you to be my date to my mother's ball," he said quickly. Hermione choked on her croissant and stared at him, her eyes wide. "Don't give me that look! Look, hear me out. My mother is determined that this year I can't skip out on the ball. Now, you know how girls react when you invite them to fancy events. Where their mother is going to be…on valentine's day. It gives them the wrong idea!" he said, running a hand through his hair. Hermione laughed and stared at him. "So, the obvious choice is me?" she asked. Draco sighed. "Here I was thinking our Valentine tradition was sacred to you," he said, holding a hand over his heart. Hermione laughed and met his eyes, sucking her lower lip between her teeth to get rid of the chocolate. "What's in it for me?" she asked, folding her arms behind her head. Draco sighed and shook his head. "I'll see what I can arrange. I'm guessing this means you'll come?" he said, giving her a cheeky grin. "I guess so," she said, returning his cheeky grin. x-x-x Hermione frowned, taking a step towards her door, frowning at the bag that was blocking her path. It looked fancy, as if it was from some sort of boutique. She picked up the bag, swiping the card from on top of it. Granger, I thought I had better make tonight up to you. Wear this with those shoes you bought last month (You know, the ones you are scared to wear because they cost so much?) and please for the love of Merlin…keep the hair down…we don't have all night! I'll be there at seven. Draco xoxo Hermione laughed, setting her stuff down on the