AN: Okay guys, not sure how good this is but I loved writing it! I hope you enjoy it! Draco sighed, glancing across the room at Blaise who arched his eyebrows and gestured at the computer wildly. Draco rolled his eyes and glanced at the invitation. 'Annual Christmas party,'. Draco shook his head and glanced back at Blaise who pouted, pressing his hands together in a pleading motion. Draco sighed and clicked the 'going' option, glancing across at Blaise who grinned at him. Draco shook his head and opened his IM box. DM: You ' ve fucking lost it, mate. Blaise let out a hoot of laughter and began to reply. "You should really know better than using company machines for personal chats," Hermione said snidely. "Oh, piss off," he hissed. Hermione shook her head, flipping her hair over her shoulder. "It's honestly no wonder that you've been passed up for promotion. You don't take any of this seriously," she sneered. Draco leaned back in his chair, giving her the once over. "They've clearly passed over you because of that horrendous stick up your arse," he said, glancing at her pointedly. Hermione let out a huff of indignation, storming over to the other side of the office. Draco ran his tongue over his lower lip and shook his head. Granger had to be the hottest girl in the office. But, somehow… she also managed to be the most irritating. He had never encountered anyone so irritating in his life. Draco ran a hand over his face and went back to work. He scowled running his eyes down the list. DM: Do you think your bird could tone down with discovering new species? I ' m struggling to keep up. BZ: FUCK. OFF. Draco laughed, glancing over the top of his computer screen to see Blaise flushing. He loved to rile Blaise up. Of course, Blaise was yet to even have a conversation with the girl. "Do you ever do any work?" Hermione hissed, taking her seat beside him and giving him a sharp glare. Draco rolled his eyes and turned to face her. "I've just emailed you the new proposal for Kespies. I'm waiting on you doing your section," he said pointedly. Hermione pursed her lips and turned back towards her desk. "If you're not working then a coffee run is about due," she said. Draco clenched his jaw and leaned back in his chair. As if. He sat up when the computer dinged. He glanced at his IM screen and his scowl deepened. HG : Draco has just kindly offered to go the coffee. Make sure you send in your orders . HG: Oh, by the way, Draco, I ' ll have a caramel latte. That. Little. Shit. He cursed as a string of drinks popped up in front of his eyes. He sighed heavily, picking up his phone and heading out of the office. He didn't even turn to look at the smug grin that was spread across Hermione's face. He'd have loved nothing more than wiping that smug grin off her face…and he knew just the way to do it. x-x-x Draco sighed, laying the box down in front of him and distributing the coffee. He passed a cup to the last person waiting and looked up at Hermione, his face sympathetic. "Sorry Granger, I forgot what you wanted," he said, shrugging as he picked up the last coffee. He took a large sip, ignoring the fact that the coffee was scalding hot. He let out a contented sigh and smiled at her. He tipped the cup in her direction and Hermione caught sight of the label. "You insufferable toad. You know that was the coffee I wanted!" she hissed. Draco arched an eyebrow and gave her an apologetic look. "Really? Oh, I'm so sorry," he said sarcastically, sitting down at his desk and taking another large gulp of the coffee. Hermione ran her tongue over her lower lip, her eyes locking onto his bobbing throat. Draco smirked, staring back at his computer screen and opening his emails and smirking. "Oh look, your changes have come through. Thank you," he said smugly. Hermione growled muttering to herself. x-x-x Draco made his way into the break room, frowning when he noticed Granger and some of the other girls crowded around the coffee machine. He made his way over, ears prickling when he heard her voice. He turned to face them, leaning against the counter. "He's been so incredible these past few weeks. Completely understanding about me having to work late. I come home to a cooked meal every night. It's just amazing," Hermione gushed. Draco scoffed and raised his eyebrows. "Have you told him you're a witch yet?" he asked pointedly. He already knew the answer. Hermione scowled, crossing her arms over her chest. Draco's eyes flickered down her body for the shortest moment and he quickly brought his eyes back to hers. Did she always have to look so good? "Not that it is any of your business but I am waiting for the right time to tell him," she said sharply. "But surely someone so completely understanding couldn't have a problem with it," he said smugly. Neither of them had even noticed the other girls, slipping out of the room. Hermione laughed and shook her head. "You're incorrigible. Didn't your mother ever teach you that if you can't say anything nice you shouldn't say anything at all?" she sneered. Draco's face twisted in muted shock and he opened his mouth ready to retaliate when Hermione pursed her lips and put a finger to her chin. "Wait, of course, she didn't. She was too busy teaching you bigotry and racism. My mistake," the words were cold and as soon as they were out of her mouth she clamped her mouth shut. It took everything in his power not to lash out at her, to call her that name that he knew would cripple her. Draco held his chin high and shook his head. "Don't take it out on me because you can't share your secret with your boyfriend," he snapped, nudging past her. Hard. It took him a good few paces to realise he had left his coffee behind. Fuck it. It wasn't like he could go back now. x-x-x Draco sighed, glancing at Hermione as she fumbled with the printer in front of him. He sighed, resting against the counter behind him. "You need a hand?" he asked, taking a sip of his coffee. Hermione huffed. "No, I do not!" she huffed. Draco smirked and shook his head. "Suit yourself…but…it might help if you actually read the instructions," he said sarcastically. Hermione huffed, bending over to reach the bottom tray. Draco arched his eyebrows and ran his tongue over his lower lip. He chewed on his lip and shook his head. "You do realise that you need to hit it to make it work," he pointed out. "Don't be ridiculous," she snapped. Draco shrugged and leaned back against the counter. "Okay Granger," he muttered. He watched in amusement as Hermione opened every section in the printer, letting out a frustrated sigh before slamming her hand against the printer repeatedly. Draco's smirk widened when he heard the printer spring to life. Hermione turned around, her finger pointed at him. "Don't even say it!" she hissed. Draco shook his head and took a large gulp of coffee. Hermione scowled at him. "Stop it!" she accused. Draco laughed, following her, watching in amusement as she took a frustrated step forward. He caught Blaise's eye and smirked, making his way over. Blaise raised his eyebrows and stared at Draco. "Could you be any more obvious?" he asked. "About what?" Draco asked. Blaise laughed and shook his head. "You're incorrigible, you know that, right?" he asked. Draco smirked and turned to walk away from him. "I have no idea what you are talking about," he said brightly. "Arse. Not mine of course," Blaise said, just as brightly. Draco shook his head, heading back towards the desk. Hermione glanced at him sharply and sighed. "Do you ever work?" she snapped. Draco rolled his eyes and sat down at his desk. "I was waiting for someone to fix the printer," he said, grinning at her. Hermione scowled her eyes darkening. x-x-x Hermione sighed, running her hand through her hair and running into the meeting. She slammed into the seat beside Draco who sighed, sliding a coffee towards her and handing her a folder. Hermione frowned in confusion until her eyes locked onto the post-it note he had stuck onto the page. Across it, he had scribbled. 'You left your notes last night. I typed them up.'. Hermione chewed on her bottom lip and cleared her throat. "Thank you," she said, practically choking on the words. Draco shrugged and turned to face the speaker in the room. Hermione opened the folder, skimming through the notes. He had typed up all of her notes...and added in some additional factors to consider for the proposal. She turned to glance at Draco, her eyebrows furrowed. Why on earth would he do this for her? She took a tentative sip of the coffee that he had handed her and she blinked in surprise. It was her favourite. She took a large gulp and continued to eye him from the corner of her eye. x-x-x Draco sighed, unbuttoning his top button and rolling up his shirt sleeves. He had been working on this proposal for over two days and he still couldn't find the key documents that he needed. He exhaled heavily, running his hands through his hair and pulling out his glasses. He flicked on his lamp, casting a soothing light over his desk area. Everyone else was gone. Finally, peace to work. He picked up his highlighted, skimming the documents in front of him. He heard the office door opening and he sighed heavily, glancing up at it. He frowned when he saw Hermione appear in the doorway. Hermione stepped into the office, a tray of coffee in her hand and a bag of Chinese food balanced on her arm. "I thought you might need some help searching for this document," she said softly, placing the coffee down on the desk in front of her. Draco arched an eyebrow and gestured at the bag of food. "What did you get?" he asked. Hermione's lips twitched and she lay everything out. "Come and eat. We can search for this when we are finished," she said sharply. Draco shook his head and moved towards her. "You're so fucking bossy," he muttered. Hermione scowled, passing him a fork. "Stop complaining and do as you're told," she demanded. Draco shook his head and sat down beside her, and grinning. "Spring rolls?" he asked, his voice filled with excitement. "Duck spring rolls," she corrected. She pulled out a sauce and passed it to him. Draco caught sight of the hoisin sauce and he grinned. Hermione smirked, dipping her own spring rolls into the sauce. She let out a curse when a drop landed on her crisp white shirt. "Fuck," she muttered, standing up and beginning to unbutton the shirt. Draco froze, his eyes focusing on the movement of her hands. "What the hell are you doing?" he asked, quickly averting his eyes. Hermione sighed, sliding off the shirt to reveal a vest top underneath. "I can't let the stain set," she said, pulling out her wand and mumbling a quick incantation. Draco's eyes raised to meet hers and he frowned. "So, you still haven't told him then?" he asked. Hermione pursed her lips and stared at him. "That's none of your business," she said shortly. Draco laughed and gestured at the shirt. "That tells me everything I need to know. You removed the stain immediately which means that you still can't do magic at home. Which, by the way, is completely ridiculous if you ask me," he said. Hermione scowled. "Well no