" Please, I beg of you stop!" A young adolescent with pained green eyes whimpered as she was continually clubbed by an orc. She should have known that pleading would get her no where. Many horrid bruises marred her young skin; yellows, greens and deep purples apparent against her fair skin. It was always constant routine when it came to the beatings. They would come in demanding for her to give them the power within and when she told them she did not know what they spoke of, they grew furious. Whichever orc was in charge of her torture, would unleash whatever punishment they preferred. Some had groped and grabbed, some broke bones, and some made incisions all over with maniacal glee on their faces. The sickening grin that painted this orc's face brought the girl to tears as he gaze at her while hobbling to the kiln. " You know the rules princess. It doesn't stop until you give Lord Sauron exactly what he wants." The orc replied plucking a glowing iron from the fire as he turned back around. Fear rushed through her body as she desperately tried to move and avoid her pending torturer. Yet unfortunately she could not go anywhere with her hands shackled above her head. " It is a shame that we have to mar such a beautiful body." He began gazing at her scantily clad form covered by the clothes that she had been captured in many years ago. Unfortunately, she had slowly developed a rather womanly figure that was proving to be more of a hindrance then help. " Maybe I could make an exception for this one night." He muttered pulling her close to him subsequently causing the girl to wriggle trying to avoid any contact with the foul beast. Any lust that filled the orc's eyes was replaced with anger as he jabbed the poker into her hip causing a horrified shriek to fill the night. End of Flashback Raina was startled awake by that horrid scream nearly falling from her perch in the tree. Those memories haunted her days and nights since she was rescued many years ago by Lord Elrond during the Battle of Dagorlad. Why a young elleth would be tortured for years relentlessly, one could ask? No one in Middle Earth had yet to answer that question Her lineage did place her in an opportune position to be kidnapped but it did not explain the supposed powers she was said to have. She was the daughter of Gil-galad, a high born of Lindon, and Ara, a low born of Rivendell. She became the last of his line. Lord Elrond had proved to be a valuable friend and father figure during those first few years since she was rescued. His entire family had been very helpful in bringing a sense of normalcy to her. Elrond would come to her bedside when nightmares plagued her. Arwen and the twins eventually got her playing and interacting. Not even Elrond could explain just where her powers came from. Her powers first appeared when she turned 100. They were understated at first but quickly developed as she grew older. At first, it was knocking Glorfindel off his feet with a stream of water during an argument Elrohir. It then escalated to her whole body going up in flame when she was livid. Her eyes even turned an eerie grey that changed to match whatever mood she was currently experiencing When in her powers grew rather uncontrollable, she chose for the safety of her new family to disappear from sight and mind. She decided to take on the life of a vagabond/ranger. She would travel all around Middle Earth, living out amongst nature. It felt like the last connection she had to both her families and allowed her the chance to hone her powers in privacy. When in need of money, Raina would visit a nearby town and pledge her services at a seamstress shop. The pouring rain and slight chitter chatter beneath her tree stirred Raina from her thoughts as she gazed about. An amused grin painted her serene face as she encountered four soaked and bickering hobbits beneath her. The hobbit folk were always so intriguing to her. They seemed merry, yet wonderfully unique and temperamental determining on when you encountered them. She supposed it was why she remained in Bree for so long. Silently, Raina descended from her branch before the now silent hobbits gazing at her with rather frightened expressions. Before she could even make with introductions, a rather plump hobbit jumped ahead of the other three hands balled in a fist. "You aren't going to lay a hand on Mr. Frodo." He mumbled eyes narrow and lips in a pursed in a thin line. A small giggle escaped her lips as she gently plucked the hood from her face to give them a better look at her. "I mean you no harm. I am nothing more than a she-elf, a ranger of sorts." Raina said watching the curiosity paint their small faces. Two disentangled themselves from the group and stood right before her. One had doe eyes rather innocent and friendly, while the other had a beaming grin that reached from ear to ear. "The name's Peregrin Took but you can call me Pippin." The grinning one said taking her hand a placing a kiss to it. Raina would have been a little more lady like with her reaction had it not been for the snort and shove the other one gave to Pippin. "Oi, are you going to give me a kiss when I call you Pippin as well? Forgive him my lady, my name is Merry…"He began abruptly being cut off by the plump hobbit. "Why should I be surprised at such foolishness from a Took and a Brandybuck? You don't know if she is telling the truth. Beggin' your pardon my lady." He said shooting the elf an apologetic glance before glaring back at the two hobbits. "Why would she not? She's tall, ethereally beautiful…" Peregrin began shooting the elf another grin that made her smile. This one seemed to be rather cheeky but Raina had to admit it was rather charming. "Besides if she was an enemy, do you not think that she would have already rung us up on this tree?" Merry added sharing a rather proud look with Pippin at their intelligence. "He has a point, Sam." The brunette with the large stunning blue eyes murmured gaining Raina's attention. She was surprised that she had almost missed him, yet he had been so quiet. "And what is your name may I ask?" Raina questioned bending down to her knee to be face to face with the hobbit. A faint blush painted the hobbit's cheeks from what he would more than likely the cold as he gazed at the beautiful elf. "My name is Frodo Baggins." He began smiling softly as Sam was at his side. "And this is Samwise Gamgee." Frodo added before gazing back at Raina. "Well I am very pleased to meet you Pippin, Merry, Frodo and Samwise. Now do tell me if my knowledge of hobbits is correct, your folk generally prefer to be near a roaring fire with a cup of tea or mead and not out in the rain?" Raina questioned gazing around at her now tense new friends. "Do give us a moment Raina." Frodo muttered pulling the four into a huddle as she nodded. At least they were not foolish hobbits. Granted, she was not necessarily a threat but that was not truth for others out in the world. They turned back around a few moments later or so, a few with serious looks upon their faces. "It is true that we enjoy a simple life. However we need to get to the Prancing Pony to meet up with an acquaintance of ours." Frodo said as Raina grinned. "Well my new friends, I would be delighted if you would do me the honor in allowing me to escort you there." Raina said as the hobbits nodded. "Excellent, well come now we don't need you getting sick." She continued pulling the hood back up on her head and promptly pulling theirs up as well. This was one thing that was strange about Raina. Her temperament was as changing as the wind. She could be so motherly at times and so gruff at others. Yet down in her heart, she knew there was another reason her natural maternal instinct. Raina ushered the hobbits to the gate that guarded the city of Bree. She tried to subtly to keep them as protected as possible could from the downpour without drawing attention. She was not quite fond of the men who inhabited it considering that they had a tendency to stare incessantly. That she could have handled, yet the constant need to grope grew old rather quickly. Frodo, seemingly the fearless leader of the group, knocked upon the wooden door. A rather deformed man opened the latch on the door and growled, "What do you want?" It gave the hobbits quite a fright that Merry and Pippin practically jumped out of their skins. Raina placed a gentle hand upon both of their shoulders noticing the fear that the elderly human induced. "My friends and I are headed for the Prancing Pony." Raina replied gazing back up at the man. "Four hobbits and from the looks of it a ranger, what business brings you to Bree?" He questioned gazing at them all with not well veiled curiosity. "We wish to stay at the inn. Our business is our own." Frodo replied, gaze unwavering as surprisingly the man nodded beginning to mutter his apologies. "Alright young sir, I meant no offence." He began opening the gate as they passed through. "'Tis my job to ask questions after nightfall. There's talk of strange folk abroad. Can't be too careful." He added offering them a smile and a lingering glance to Raina that left her rather nauseated. "Don't mind that creepy ol'bugger." Merry murmured drawing her attention back to the task at hand. Nodding, Raina shot the hobbit a grateful smile and followed behind the group. Her grey eyes gazed about for anything that could cause the hobbits grief as they maneuvered through the crowded streets. When she was satisfied that nothing would befall them, Raina took the chance to gaze at her new company. Merry and Pippin were definitely the most rambunctious in the group. Both were constantly trying to inject a little levity where they could. Sam was definitely the protector of the group. The poor dear was always trying to keep everybody in line and making sure they were well. Raina could only hope that he would actually be taken care of sometime in his life. Last but not least, Frodo. He piqued her curiosity immensely. He seemed to be a rather sweet and gentle hobbit but there was something weighing heavily on his heart. Raina felt compelled to protect the innocence that had been stripped away from her. As the five entered the inn, Raina pulled Frodo close. "Keep your guard and wits about you, young one. I do not know what burden you bear, but be cautious. " She whispered as he nodded as the two rejoined the others inside. Plucking the hood from her head, Raina quickly covered her ears as she called out to the excited owner. "Good evening madam and little misters." He began grinning at the hobbits that barely reached the counter. If you're looking for accommodation, we've got nice rooms available. Miss…"He said with a grin. "Underhill." Raina replied rather impressed that the mustached man had not made a buffoon out of himself before her. Granted part of her was sympathetic to the fact that not many humans had seen elves, but their filthy gaze and thoughts were overwhelming. "We are friends of Gandalf the Grey. Can you tell him we arrived?"