Exceptionally Ordinary Chapter 1 The normally joyful Lovegood family was unusually glum, especially considering where they were. The day after the wizarding holiday of All Hallows Eve should have been exciting on its own, but something was causing the occupants of the Leaky Cauldron to be even more jubilant. Surprisingly, the cause for their joy was the same cause for the Lovegood family's despair. The general populace of wizards were so excited that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was gone that they forgot who sacrificed themselves to attain that victory. Pandora Lovegood sat next to her husband near the back of the crowd and stared into the fire next to her. Xenophilius cradled their child, letting Pandora have a moment of peace. After all, it wasn't every day that one's closest friend was murdered. Pandora had been a socially awkward girl at Hogwarts and Lilly Evans, now Potter, had been the only one nice to her. They had soon bonded over their fascination with runes and spell crafting. Pandora had never been let into Lily's tightly knit group of Gryffindor friends, but they still remained close, even after graduating. Pandora had looked forward to their future families getting along. She had dreamed of couples dates, wedding dates, and even play dates between their future children. Pandora knew she was a dreamer, but was still dismayed when her dreams shattered in the face of the Wizarding War. Like the brave Gryffindors they were, Lily and James had joined the Order of the Phoenix with fervor. It seemed that Pandora's aspirations would never be, until Lily's son had been born. But even then, the Potters were on the run and Pandora had never even met young Harry. Quietly letting her tears fall, Pandora gazed into the fire and let regret for what could have been fill her. Xenophilius watched his love's grief, feeling helpless all the while. They had gone into Gringotts when they hadn't been notified of a will reading for the Potters. Pandora had been outraged when the goblins had told her that the wills had been sealed. They wouldn't even tell her where Harry was staying. Pandora and her family had retreated to The Leaky Cauldron, uncertain of what else they could do. After staring off into space for several more minutes, Pandora finally turned to Xenophilius and muttered, "Well, Xeno, I suppose we had better get Luna home." Xenophilius smiled sadly at his wife and said, "Of course, my Panda." Pandora couldn't help the small grin that escaped at Xeno's use of her pet name. With Luna now in hand, Pandora and her husband left the bustling Leaky Cauldron. Instead of flooing back to their house, they took the London exit. Pandora insisted on using Muggle diapers (" I feel like if I don't do it myself, then I'm not doing it right ") so they had to pick up some more. This decision turned out to not be the best one as, in typical Lovegood fashion, the family stuck out quite a bit. Pandora wore a royal purple robe because she believed that color conveyed grief best as it is believed that as a spirit leaves their body, their aura is purple. Xenophilius, wore a bright blue colored robe in an attempt to convey his sadness, but it came off more vibrant than he had originally thought. The small family stood out like a sore thumb amongst the blacks and greys of London. Normally the Lovegoods would not have cared less about the stares, but something was different this time. Across the street, a heavily breathing obese man was staring them down. His red face and beady eyes gave him the look of some sort of mad man. Pandora normally wouldn't have cared about the nasty stare, but then the whale of a man came blundering toward them. The Lovegoods couldn't fathom what the tubby man could possibly want from them. He stomped right in front of the couple and shoved a small bundle to Xenophilius. He didn't say anything else, but Pandora swore she could hear him grumble something like, " … be with his own kind ." Before anyone could say anything, the fat man turned around and walked away. Recovering first, Pandora began to peer into the bundle. She was so shocked all she could think to say as she saw a sleeping baby in the bundle was, "But we already have one." -EOEOEOEO- Earlier that Morning Some people hate routine. Some hate the monotony of sameness, the unoriginality, or fitting the mold. The Dursleys were not these people. They loved the mold, they encouraged their son to think inside the box, and they were the definition of normal. All occupants of Number 4 Privet Drive followed a strict routine. Even Dudley cried on cue every morning. When someone disturbed that routine, heaven help them. As a matter of fact, Vernon Dursley had yelled at the milkman until he cried just last week. So it was to the detriment of everyone that the Dursley house routine was disturbed by an unwelcome bundle on their door step. In a matter of minutes, Vernon had yelled to his wife, taken the thing inside, read the letter, and had grown irate enough to push his blood pressure through the roof. "How dare they do this to us?! I thought your freakish sister and their kind would never be involved in our normal lives?!" Petunia Dursley was unsure what to say in response. She would never say she was sad to hear of the death of her sister, but it was a hard pill to swallow. "Vernon, dear, why can't we just keep the boy? He doesn't even have to be around our Dinky Duddydums! We can keep him in the cupboard. No one has to kno-" "But I will know ! That stupid brat will always be… abnormal !" Vernon spat the last part out like he would a piece of grizzle from his meat. Petunia sighed helplessly. Once Vernon set his mind on something, it was hard to change it. They debated for a while if the neighbors had seen the freak, if they should take it to an orphanage, or call the police. "No, none of those will work. They could find us and force us to raise the darn thing!" Vernon thought for a moment more until one could almost see a lightbulb pop over Vernon's straw yellow hair. "He should be with his own kind!" Petunia looked at him with confusion until Vernon continued. "When I go into London for business, I see these sorts of freaks all the time! All I have to do is drop him off with the first ones I spot and we are right as rain!" Vernon exclaimed all this a little too cheerily, and Petunia couldn't help wondering if Vernon was alright in the head. After all, he would send back his meat at restaurants if it was even a little too salty. But Petunia wouldn't dare have his crazy turned on her, so she wished him well as he left for London. She couldn't help hoping he would return and everything would go back to the way it normally was. After struggling to find somewhere to put his car, Vernon walked the streets of London already in a foul mood. He searched for far longer than he had expected to. Never had he been so disappointed to see so many normal people. It was only after marching up a steeper street that he spotted them. They were perfect. The couple was so abnormal that it almost hurt for Vernon to look at them. They both had white blond hair and were dressed in what looked like brightly colored bath robes to his eyes. One even had a necklace made out of what looked like bottle caps. The two were even carrying a child. In Vernon's mind this made them at least responsible freaks. With angry fervor, Vernon marched up to the two and gave the baby to the abnormal man. Vernon realized he hadn't thought through what he would say to the freaks when he found them. Hoping that the letter enclosed was enough, Vernon muttered, "You lot take him. He should be with his own kind." He then turned quickly away, anxious to be done with all that abnormality. He then went home, watched some tellie, and completely forgot about the strange boy with the lightning bolt scar. Little did he know that this small action had a ripple-effect and the wizarding world to never be the same. -EOEOEOEO- The Lovegood house in Ottery St Catchpole had increasingly become more vibrant since the addition of little Harry. It had only been a little over two weeks since the fat man had thrust him into their lives, but to the Lovegoods, it seemed like he had always been there. The enclosed letter that had come with little Harry had been all too vague for the Lovegoods' liking. Fortunately, they knew enough about the Potter's predicament to put two and two together. Not so fortunately, with this understanding came the knowledge that their new member to the family could be taken away at any moment. Pandora had cried in outrage at such an idea. No one would dare take her newest child from her! Knowing his wife, Xenophilius was not as surprised at her reaction as one should have been. His wife had such a nurturing spirit that Xeno couldn't bring himself to separate the Potter baby from her. The Lovegood couple had lost a good amount of sleep wondering how they could keep their little Harry with them. After Pandora had wasted her teatime worrying away about what to do, she suddenly had an idea. "Xeno, my dear! Where are you?" Xenophilius had been holding Harry and showing him around the grounds of the house when Pandora found him. She wandered outside with enough time to hear him whispering to Harry, "-and there are the Dirigible plums! They help one better accept things of the extraordinary nature. They are easily squished, so never play with them. Perhaps I should put up a sign…" Pandora couldn't help giggle at her husband's antics. He may be a strange one, but she loved him for it. "Xeno, there you are!" She exclaimed as if she hadn't been watching them for a few moments. Xenophilius looked up in surprise. He couldn't bring himself to be embarrassed at having been caught talking to a baby. "Panda, darling! Aren't you supposed to be having teatime? You know without giving yourself a proper break, Wrackspurts can become more troublesome!" Pandora couldn't help but smile at her husband's way of showing he cared. "I was just having teatime when I wandered upon a lovely thought!" Xenophilius' eyebrows rose in excitement at that. He loved lovely thoughts. They were just so… lovely! "Pray tell what have you wandered upon?" "Well, remember when I started inventing spells and I had to get a permit to create spells from the Ministry and Gringotts? Well, when I was filling out the paper work, I found a guardianship permit among the permits at Gringotts!" "What in the name of crumple horned snorkacks is a guardianship permit?" Xenophilius had been nodding along with Pandora's idea until that last part. He had never imagined that such a permit existed. "Well, dear, I didn't really ask about it as I had then noticed a pamphlet for glasses that help one see disillusioned people." Xenophilius nodded in understanding at being distracted by such a fascinating idea. Perhaps it could be used for people to be able to see the influence of Wrackspurts… Realizing his thoughts were wandering away from the point, Xenophilius shook his head to get focused. "Why my dearest Panda, you may have wandered upon a solution to our problem!" he exclaimed with enthusiasm. It was with this same enthusiasm that the Lovegoods jumped back inside their house, packed up Luna and Harry, and used