Summary: "Do you really think we can make this work?" she murmured into his neck, fear tightening her voice. "Us?" A smile touched his lips. "Yeah sweetheart. I think we can". Five times he chose to walk away, but Haymitch wouldn't let her go again. For the January Hayffie Challenge: Green. Post Mockingjay. Hayffie. Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games. All rights go to Suzanne Collins. Let Her Go " Envy ...the lustrous demon lurking at the pit of one's heart, always watching...always waiting, ready to strike like a venomous viper. It is the most passionate and power-driven of sins, craving not the burning pleasure nor unconditional love nor much earned retribution, but all of the above. And from this hunger sparks something new, terrifying and powerful. Whether it is the fear of an inevitable rejection or the sacrifice of one's own happiness that leads to this loss, there is no stopping it. Eventually, envy kills the blackened heart that desires all it cannot have." ~ Green… He felt it consuming him like a black void. Blistering in the pit of his stomach like hot, molten lava, surging through his veins and clawing up his insides like piercing nails in attempts to reach his heart. It struck his chest, crushing it like a hand made of ice. He felt the poison: a sickening, green poison. Haymitch clenched his fist, his nails biting hot, angry cuts into his palms in attempts to numb the toxic pain inside. He did not drink enough for this. He hadn't drunken anything since that morning; Effie had insisted that he stayed sober for this one day. Even so, he couldn't shake off the nagging urge to run to the stash of bourbon hidden in his car. Was it wrong of him to drink in the House of the Lord? Haymitch tried to make sense of the strange sensations consuming him. But everything was strange, as if he was trapped in a dream…no, a nightmare. His heart, galloping against his chest and ringing in his ears, his throat, dry like it was a nest of cobwebs, his eyes, blackened with rage and these uncontrollable feelings. With each ticking second he felt the world dizzying into a blur. His eyes narrowed, trying to make sense of the slowly darkening atmosphere. He wasn't sure if it was the lack of sleep clouding his perception or a trick of light, but he saw his atmosphere darkening…changing colour to a dark shade of green. Haymitch shook his head roughly, the colour briefly shattering. He glanced back up at the man dressed in black; his eyes locked deeply, lovingly, onto the woman in white, her eyes shimmering back with adoration. His eyes slowly murdered the couple engaged. Then it hit him like a slamming wave. Jealousy. He didn't need a mirror to see the visual effects of this powerful feeling, to see his pair of glaring, green eyes. Green with envy. White… She stood at the alter, shimmering under the white radiance. Dressed in a stunning, strapless gown adorned with glittering sequences and flowers down her waist and lace ruffles that rippled down her mermaid tail, she truly looked like a Snow White Queen. Her veil rested on her golden curls like a crown, flowing down her back. She looked breathtaking, as pure as a blushing schoolgirl on her prom night. Haymitch was certain that all this white would leave him permanently blind. Even so, he couldn't help but stare at the radiant bride. She looked just as beautiful as she had a few hours ago. He didn't bother to knock, strolling into the hotel room as if it were his own. He was still unsure of why he was visiting and what he would say. Yet as his eyes landed on hers he lowered the bottle from his lips, all thoughts diminishing. The sight took his breath away. " Haymitch!" Effie finished putting on her pearls as she snapped at him, closing her jewelry box. She whirled around to face him, doing her best to approach him in her figure-hugging gown and ivory pumps. "What are you doing here? You're supposed to be downstairs with the others, getting ready to go to the church". Haymich's lips parted to respond, but yet again he struggled to search his mind for an appropriate answer as his eyes lost themselves on her. Gone were her wigs and outrageous china doll makeup. Her lustrous, yellow curls were styled and twisted to the side, decorated with a simple white flower. Her other curls tumbled freely down her frame, softening her features, which were dusted with light layers of makeup. " Haymitch?" Effie stared back at him uncertainly, concern flickering past her features. Haymitch blinked back, his eyes still wide in awe. "Holy shit, you look…amazing". The words slipped from his lips without a moment's thoughts, taking them both by surprise. Effie blinked back, clearly startled. " I just mean…you know, you look different. Without the wig and makeup, and this dress…you look nice", Haymitch wanted to kick himself as he stood their, rambling and almost stumbling over his words. A small smile graced her lips. "Thank you Haymitch". Her eyes froze, worry clouding her icy pools. "But you really must go or you'll miss the taxi". Effie hurried back over to her vanity, reaching for her perfume bottle. "There's just still so much to do. The reception is supposed to be outside but it was forecasted this morning that some rain may be expected and I know Tiffney organised some tents to come but I'm still worried that everyone will get wet," Effie finished dabbing the perfume on before she swiftly went to her dresser, reaching for her lace garter. "And we had to reschedule the orchestra at the last minute since most of the band members caught the flu, so I don't even know what the music will be like," her fingers trembled as she attempted to slip the fabric on, her anxieties becoming more evident. Haymitch took a step back, unsure of how to react. This did not look like the bubbling, ecstatic bride he has expected to see. He watched her closely, noting the anxious look shadowing her eyes, the way her fingers twisted together uncomfortably, the way her teeth dragged over her lower lip every so often. "Look sweetheart-" " Haymitch, you really must go," her fingers continued to shake with her body, the material clumsily slipping from her fingers each time she tried to put it on. "ˇThey're all waiting for you downstairs and if you miss the-" " Effie!" Haymitch quickly took her hands, silencing her. Effie blinked back up at him, her face cracking for a second. "I'm sorry…I-" Her fingers dropped the material and she collapsed onto the bed. Haymitch repressed a small sigh, taking the garter from her lap. " Here, let me do that". Kneeling down he brushed the satin material up her knee and took her shoe in his hand, slipping the garter through. His fingers skimmed over her smooth legs and towards her thigh as he slid the material further up. Images flashed in his mind; midnight rendezvous, late night passions and morning affairs, each one spent with his lips, exploring every inch of her skin. The material rested on her thigh, his fingers lingering near her skin. He had often admired how soft they were, especially against his lips. Without thinking Haymitch brushed his lips against her thigh, releasing a small gasp from the woman above. His fingers made a path down her legs, his lips placing another chaste kiss towards her inner thigh, stirring a small moan from the base of her throat. Haymitch froze, his fingers slipping off her skin. He looked back up, his eyes connecting onto hers, darkened with lust. Standing up his hands went to her waist, his lips capturing hers in a tender kiss. Effie's eyes fluttered shut, surrendering to his lips. She stood up, her hand cupping the side of his face. How she had missed his kisses, each one breathing in a burst of fire that her body so desperately craved, igniting her world alive. How his kisses seemed to burst that bit of life and passion and thrill back into her like a firework, tingling her skin and exploding in her heart. Effie pulled away sharply, horror shadowing her eyes. " Shit, I'm sorry," Haymitch began, taking a few steps back. "I shouldn't have…I should probably go…" " Haymitch," Effie called for him before he had a chance to turn around, her eyes meeting his. "Why did you come here?" Haymitch met her eyes, uneasiness passing his features. "I-" he stopped, the words freezing on his tongue like sticky glue. "I came to wish you good luck," he paused, knowing that he wasn't being entirely truthful. Throwing all caution to the wind he decided to speak his mind. "Are you happy?" His question took her by surprise. "Happy? Well…yes, of course". He noticed the way her eyes briefly flickered down, a habit she often did when she was lying. " It's just that…you don't look like the blushing bride". Effie's lips curled into a small, almost sad smile. She sighed. "Richard's good to me…he really is. He's a gentleman, and so very sweet. It's just that…it's just that he's not you". Haymitch blinked, clearly taken by surprise. He was sure that his ears had deceived him. " It's not too late you know," she said softly, meeting his eyes. "All of this," she shrugged her shoulders, gesturing to her spectacular dress and flowers. "It's not what I wanted". Haymitch stared back at her, still in shock. In that brief moment he felt a spark of hope ignite within, hope that she was right, that they still had a chance. But when he recalled the constant arguments, hatred, hurt, the pain he felt in his heart with each spiteful word she'd unleash from her lips and the snide comment he'd return, he squashed the thought almost as quickly as he had hoped. " You hurt me Haymitch," Effie continued softly, reading his eyes. "And I did too. We both said some things that we never meant and…" and it led to this, she continued silently, her voice trailing off. " It is too late sweetheart," Haymitch spoke gruffly, tearing his eyes away from her, shoving his hands into his pockets. "We can't do this anymore. Richard is good for you, I know that". Before he could change his mind Haymitch turned on his heel, walking off. He paused at the doorway, turning back around once more to take in the beautiful bride, leaving behind a few last words before he departed. " You look beautiful sweetheart. You two will be happy together". … " Fear …the black shadow that looms over us, always following, always waiting. It feeds off our deepest worries and insecurities, weaving its way into our hearts and paralyzing us with a hollowness that can almost never be filled. Our fears are as deceitful as they are dark. To let in fear is to give in to its complete control. By surrendering ourselves to our darkest fears, we blind ourselves from the truth and all that our hearts desire". ~ Yellow… He watched her through sleepy eyes, admiring her sleeping form, buried beneath the waves of sheets and blankets. His eyes drifted over to her yellow, luscious curls that cascaded around her frame. He loved it when she was like this. She always shed off her Capitol mask when she was with him, becoming the fiery, free flowing Effie Trinket he had become fond of. He couldn't help but stare at her, never beliving just how beautiful she was every night she laid with him. But her hair always took his breath away, and Haymitch was sure that he loved her hair the most. Her glossy, yellow curls. The sun snuck through the curtain gaps, climbing up the hill