Temptation. Part one. "I'm not saying, I'm just saying.." Seth laughed to his best friend, "she's hot and you've got a heart-on for her so.. We're all just waiting for it to happen." Jacob did his best to ignore his friend calling his imprint hot, and not punch him so hard he flew into a near by tree, but it was very tempting. Instead, he easily made his way over a fallen tree as he jogged along La Push beach, for nothing but enjoyment.. and maybe to work out some frustration. "What exactly is a 'heart-on'?" "It's like a boner for someone you love" He pondered. "A love-boner. An affection-erection." Jake responded by stopping to stare at his friend, chuckles threatened to spill out his clenched teeth and part of him was concerned for his Seth's knowledge of love-related penis puns... Jake resumed his pace and ignored Seth for the moment being, just enjoying the cold, sharp wind against his torso. Part of him, was sort of disturbed at the thought of sleeping with Renesmee. Not to deny that she was gorgeous, she had flowing copper locks that hung in loose curls at her small waist, which fanned out into curvy hips and long legs, not to mention her wide brown eyes.. She had round pouty lips and her sharp but soft shoulders delicately turned her collar bones into.. Right, see that was the other part, she was his.. sort of. He did want her.. it was a blatant lie to deny it, but the issue was even though she had looked 18 for many years by now, she was only 17. He already felt wrong about their age difference, and he had agreed long ago not even to think about her romantically until she was 18. Sure, he wasn't doing well on the thinking part, but he was looking and not touching . Honestly he wasn't sure why Edward hadn't killed him yet, true he tried to do a good job of behaving his thoughts around him but they slipped through occasionally. Which sorta made him feel like a creep... And then there was how Renesmee made him feel. She smiled so brightly when he appeared, not that he could surprise her with her senses, and her laugh was just contagious. She was perfect, cared for everything and everyone. He hadn't know people could truly be that good until she had captivated his world. She was so brilliant she could tell you anything you wanted to know and yet always curious to learn more. Hell, she was ready for college at four.. Yet, she was so young. And also wasn't. But she was. Somehow she seemed naive, and yet mature. She had all this knowledge, all this wonder. She seemed wise beyond her years, and yet she had seen so little of the world. She had barely ventured out of forks, with the exception of a few trips to Alaska and a tropical vacation here and there. She had told Jake constantly of her wishes to travel, to take on the world with her best friend. To learn to surf, to learn to cook, to learn all things. Best friend, she had said, like she truly believed that was all Jake was. She knew of their realtionship, that she was his imprint. She knew that while most of the time it lead to romance, it could mean nothing more then friendship. It was her choice, to be set by her feelings. Jake's stomach churned at the thought of a eternity never touching those pouty lips... He rubbed his face roughly, sighing as their run brought them back to their parking lot. He gave a quizzical look to Seth, "You know, I'm concerned for you, try not to spend so much time on the internet." "Oh shut up.." He smiled, shoving Jake into his bike, making the alarm sound before he could hurriedly turn it off. "not all of us have imprinted, ya know.." "I know," Jacob smirked, climbing onto his motorcycle. He no longer drove the beat up one he and Bella had restored so many years ago. Instead he drove a custom built one, he had crafted with Emmett - and Rosalie, unfortunately. It was large, because well.. he was large, muscled and heavy. He started the engine with a purr that should belong to a sports car, and revved the engine with a surprising growl. "You'll find love some day, later youngster." "Yeah, alright Grandpa!" Seth called, but Jake was already driving away. The Cullen's still lived in Forks, well somewhat outside of forks, but in the same house. It had been modified so that the drive way looked over grown and should any trespasser or unwelcome human try to find it, it would appear as though it didn't exist or they simply didn't have the right spot. They had even repaired the entrance by the road to appear as though it had never been there and created a drive way out the back exist towards a road out of town. It was quite a drive. The twisting road out of La Push gave Jacob some much needed air, he felt so confined lately. He had been acting as though he couldn't be left by himself alone around Nessie as if he might attempt something. More scarily as if she might say yes. Then he also was technically trapped with in the confines of the glass house lately as the Cullen's started making plans to move. Charlie had remarried, Sue Clearwater of all people, and the Cullen's promised to come visit as often as possible. So it was time, 17 years of hiding hadn't been easy on them, and Renesmee needed people, friends. She needed education. She needed experiences. She was so innocent, so unexposed to the world. She had never so much as experienced a real life, real friends, really going out. She had no real experince at relationships. Sure, she had Jake, but they were practically family. He had taken her places, on whatever small adventure they could manage to get Bella to agree too, but it didn't feel like enough. Jacob wanted to take her around the world, he wanted to take her on real adventures. Hell, he just wanted to take her on a date. Not that that was practical; or that he'd ever get her parents to agree to it. Further more, Jake didn't even know if she thought of him as more then a friend. He had been her guardian since she was born. It couldn't be easy to stop thinking of him that way. Fuck, he hadn't even asked her out and he was already drooling at the thought of her. He arrived at the gate to the Cullen's all to quickly, and punched in his code, before beginning his ride up the drive way. He cleared his thoughts and focused on the trees, twisting at a dangerous speed though the curves of the paved road, before sliding to a stop in-front of the glass mansion. In plain view of the living room's panels of glass, a mess of curls sat sprawled on a lounger with a book in her hands. Her eye's slide up to meet Jake's, and she grinned, waving her delicate fingers at him. His heart skipped a beat. Renesmee. "Jacob!" Renesmee called as she rose from her seat, skipping merrily passed her family and out the front door, crashing into Jake with abandonment, like she hadn't seen him in weeks. She inhaled his woodsy, heavy rain scent and ruffled his hair as she pulled away from his embrace. Although Jacob was 6'7, she was 5'9 so he didn't exactly tower over her, but she had to stretch to hug him. She turned to walk inside, towing him with her without having to touch him, he followed her where ever she went. Almost like magnets.. "What took you so long?" She asked, her light voice softy flowing through the room, soothing every nerve that lived in Jacob. "I was gone for three hours, half of which I can safely say was spent driving up this maze you all call a drive way." He laughed. "Oh please," She giggled "We all know the speeds at which you like to drive.." Bella cleared her throat as she paced gently into the living room. Bella looked the same as she normally did, jeans and a tee, her brown hair hanging down in loose waves, not a touch of makeup on her face. Not that she needed it since she was vampire enhanced now. Her eyes were golden and sparkled, freshly fed, she smiled at Jake in greeting then turned to her daughter. "Did you finish packing?" Bella asked, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. Though she could no longer fall over herself, she hadn't lost any other of her more awkward characteristics. She still looked down when she was constantly embarrassed, just without the blushing. "Mom, I finished it hours ago. I don't understand why we need to pack so soon." Nessie's head tilted, eye's narrowing in suspicion. See, Renesmee never really went through a teen phase, she just was an adult from birth. Her voice was never whiny, she was always filled with genuine curiosity. Always filled with reservation. She was used to being lied to. Her family did it in a effort to protect her, as if she was a actual child. As if she couldn't comprehend her surroundings, and read the room. She had grown to become free-spirited, although she had once confided in Jake that she felt slightly trapped in her glass house. Sure, she loved her family and Alice was her very best friend, but she desired experiences. She wanted to feel the sun on her skin whenever she liked, to breath clean, warm air. She had been to the beach before, but not like a normal child. Her family had to hide inside away from any main land, culture or people. She had told him she wanted to go alone with him, to Rio and get lost in the sunlight and the crowd with him, like she never could with her family. Not that she would admit that to them as she cared so deeply for their feelings and never wanted them to think she thought anything negative about them or their conditions. Jacob wanted so badly to do that, but he knew it was in neither of their best interest for the time being. "Because despite your belief in our packing crew, they seem to be easily distracted." Bella paused, pointing towards the ceiling, there was no noise aside from.. squeaking beds and the slight rattling of the chandelier... Rosalie and Emmett. It was always those two that randomly disappeared. They tried to be more discreet but it was difficult considering the house's occupants. Bella tried not to laugh at her daughter's reaction. "OH," Renesmee blushed, embarrassed. Eyes wide. She quickly placed her book on the coffee table"Uh, um, Jake you wanna go for a walk?" She hurried out the back door into the chill without waiting for Jacob's response. She shook her head as if to try to remove the memory from her, locks of copper hair flashing around her in a whirl of color. The image in Jacob's mind slowed down as her eyes peeked back through her curls and beckoned him to chase her as she caught his glance, in just a fraction of a second he could have stared at forever, Jake smiled and darted into the woods. He followed her without a second thought. Dangerous Ground When Jacob finally caught up to Nessie, she was delicately perched on a thin tree branch. She had always been graceful and sparrow like with her thin frame. Jake took the opportunity to make teasing bird calls towards her as he reached his tan arms up to a stronger branch and easily muscled his way up onto it. The tree