Chapter 1: The Rescue of Harry Potter (A/N: Welcome to the second installment of the Marigold Rosenberg series. If you haven't read the first book, Marigold Rosenberg and the Boy Who Lived , I heavily recommend you do that first. Furthermore, if you haven't read the short story, Is One Letter too Hard, Harry? , please go ahead and do that as well as it has important content. If you have done all that, please, please, enjoy Marigold Rosenberg and the Blood Stained Walls ! Everything you recognize belongs to the wonderful J.K Rowling.) "Harry's in trouble with the ministry." It was the day after Marigolds birthday and Mr. Weasley had just returned home from yet another raid. Marigold was helping in the kitchen, so it was only herself and Mrs. Weasley who heard the news. "What kind of trouble?" Mrs. Weasley asked, beating Marigold to the punch. "Apparently he used magic last night," Mr. Weasley answered, taking a seat at the breakfast table. "What on earth for?" "Haven't the foggiest." While Mr. and Mrs. Weasley continued their conversation, Marigold quietly excused herself from the kitchen. As she made her way up the stairs, she wondered if her idea would work. It was George who opened the door, looking quite disheveled. "Good morn—" "Harry's in trouble," Marigold said, interrupting him. "What do you mean, trouble?" Marigold walked into the room. Neither one of the twins was wearing their pajama shirts, and Marigold waited as they scrambled around the room before finally managing to look decent. She had spent a lot of time in here during the last month. Two twin beds were on opposite walls, but that's where any semblance of a normal bedroom ended. The rest of the room was taken over by different odds and ends who did who knew what. "I was down in the kitchen with your mum when your dad came in," Marigold started. "He told us Harry used magic." "What?" Fred asked. "I know. Look, I haven't heard from Harry since I said goodbye at the station." "But you've been sending so many letters." "I keep sending them, but he doesn't respond. He hasn't been responding to Neville, either. We think his aunt and uncle are keeping his letters from him. I've been worried for weeks, and now I hear he's used underage magic and is in trouble with the Ministry…" "What's the plan?" "Okay, I have enough money from my job mowing lawns to get the three of us to his house and then the four of us back. I figure the three of us could get him out without the Dursleys noticing." "Marigold, Harry lives like, three hours away," George sighed. "I mean, we'll absolutely help you break Harry out. But, no offense, that's a terrible plan," Fred added. "Well, what do you suppose we do?" she asked, taking a seat at one of their desks. Fred and George looked at each other, seeming to think of the same thing at the same time. "Fly, of course," they said in unison. "Fly?" Marigold said skeptically. "Remember the blue car we all took to the station last year?" "Yes?" Marigold was confused, but then she remembered what Mr. Weasley had told her. "It can fly!" Fred and George nodded. "But we can't take the car! I mean… there are so many problems with this… your parents will surely catch us, it's illegal, we could be seen, and besides, none of us can drive!" "We can drive," Fred laughed. "And we can go at night when mum and dad are asleep! They won't even notice." "Besides," Fred added, "the car can turn invisible." Marigold thought for a moment. She wasn't thrilled with the idea of stealing the family car, but she would do anything to get Harry; besides, the twins were very convincing. "It's still like, three hours, though," she said. "Yeah, but with no traffic, stops, or detours, we can probably get there in two." "That's true…" "We can't do it tonight, there's too much to plan…" Fred said. "I agree. We should figure things out first. There's so much to do, it'll probably be a few days." "That's okay. That gives me time to send Neville a letter to tell him our plans." The three of them promptly got to work planning the rescue of Harry Potter. Dear Neville, I'm going to get Harry. He got in trouble with the Ministry of Magic over using magic as an underage wizard, and that was the last straw for me. Fred, George, and I are planning his rescue as I write this. We've decided to go get him Monday night. This gives us three days to plan, including today. I can't tell you how we are getting him yet, but when I see you for our birthday I will fill you in. If everything goes to plan, Harry will be with me. Wish us luck, Marigold The three of them planned their rescue meticulously. To keep appearances, Marigold continued to mow lawns whenever they needed mowing. Because she had already been spending so much time with the twins, it didn't seem unusual for the three of them to be up in their room plotting; but, just to be certain, they made sure to blow things up every once in a while. First, they made sure the car had petrol. Luckily, it did, so that kept Marigold from looking rather out of place buying some. Second, they had to plan their route, which took up the most time. It turned out Harry only lived two and a half hours away, but with flying and figuring out the perfect route, they managed to cut it down to a little over one hour. Depending on how long it took to get Harry, they could be out and back in a little under three hours. Lastly, they went through every possible scenario they could think of and planned around it. They couldn't use magic, but anything else was fair game. The twins tried to teach Marigold how to fly and drive the car, but without being able to go near the car without looking suspicious, they gave up on that idea. It was finally Monday night; after dinner Marigold and the twins went to their rooms and pretended to go to bed. Knowing that everyone would be asleep by midnight, and that Mr. Weasley had gone to the Ministry right after dinner, the three agreed to meet at the car then. Marigold knew she should try and get some sleep, but she kept worrying about what they were about to do. It was like trying to go to sleep on Christmas Eve: impossible. She kept rolling around, unable to rest. Finally, the clock on her desk read midnight. As quietly as she could, she got out of bed, put a note to Mrs. Weasley on her pillow, and quietly made her way downstairs. Mrs. Weasley, Hopefully you wont be up to read this, but if you are, please don't worry; the twins and I are going to get Harry. I haven't heard from him all summer and when Mr. Weasley came home saying Harry was in trouble, I knew I had to do something. We will be home soon. Marigold George was waiting for her in the garage, covered in sweat. The car was already gone; he and Fred had pushed it to the end of the driveway and then some, just to make sure that when they started it up, it wouldn't be heard. Marigold and George walked in silence to the car. Fred was already sitting in the driver's seat; George went to sit up front and Marigold climbed in the back next to the snacks. There was a moment's pause as the three of them looked at each other, wondering if anyone was going to back out. When no one did, Fred started the car and they were off. Fred drove a few feet down the road, flipped a switch, and suddenly they were soaring to the sky. They emerged above the clouds and Marigold was awestruck at the sight surrounding her. Glittering stars as far as the eye could see, the moon a beautiful waxing crescent low on the western sky, the clouds below them spanning nearly forever. "It's beautiful," George whispered from the front seat. "Very…" Marigold agreed. "Okay, now, I agree it's beautiful, but I kinda need to know where I'm going," Fred said, gesturing to the map next to Marigold. "Right!" For the next few minutes, Marigold directed Fred on where to go. Everything was down to a science; that way they wouldn't have to dip below the clouds and risk being seen. Marigold was used to hanging out with Fred and George. Over the past month she had helped them with their inventions, which often caused her to puke or erupt in boils. They had talked about Hogwarts of course, and the twins had been satisfied with the little detail they had about Marigold's adventure the previous year (unlike Ron, who, over the summer, had done his best to get more details out of her). So, when George cleared his throat to get her attention, she was expecting anything other than the question he asked. "So, Marigold, what actually happened that night?" "Which night?" Marigold asked, suddenly worried as to what he could be referring to. "The night you, Harry, and Neville went off to find the Sorcerers Stone?" "Oh, that night…" "What George is trying to ask," Fred clarified, noticing Marigold's discomfort, "is whether or not you are okay. We were wondering because, all summer, you have been spacing out and acting quite different than you had over the school months…" "Right, we were just wondering if you wanted to talk about what happened, and we figured if we knew we could help more," George agreed. Marigold thought about it for a moment. What she had done the previous year had been talked about so much at school that the truth had been lost in the mix of rumors. Marigold had wanted to talk about it, that wasn't the problem; the problem was figuring out who to talk to. Harry wasn't answering any of her letters, Neville obviously didn't want to talk about what had happened, and Marigold couldn't exactly tell Charlie because that letter would be much too long. Ron and Ginny had been pestering her all summer, but for some reason, Marigold didn't think they actually cared… they just wanted the inside scoop. The twins, though, this was the first time they had brought it up. Did they just want to know the details of that night? Did they genuinely care? Could they just be trying to fill the silence of the car? Or was it some combination of the three? "It all started when Malfoy challenged Harry to a duel, like an idiot…" As Marigold recounted the events of her first year, the twins did their best not to interrupt. But, being Fred and George, they had their questions and comments. "You can do magic without talking?" Fred interrupted, when Marigold got to the part with the troll in the bathroom. "What did you see in the mirror?" George butted in several minutes later. "Wait, that's why you guys lost all those points, helping Hagrid? Sorry for giving you the cold shoulder, Marigold," Fred apologized when Marigold reached the part about Norbert (who she later found out was actually Norberta). "You fought—a full grown— mountain troll ? On your own ?" There was shock and awe in George's voice. When Marigold finally finished telling them about her entire first year, having spared no detail, the car went dead quiet. Marigold was waiting with baited breath for either one of them to say something, anything at all. She wasn't sure if she felt better, if it was the uneasy silence or if it might just be too soon to heal. "I had no idea that was what