Luna Lovegood wore a green dress to his funeral: lime green with light blue tool. She adorned this dress with a soft yellow sweater and thick red tights. People stared and mocked but Luna paid no mind. She had heard once that it is tradition to wear black to a funeral, but Luna did not wear black to her mother's funeral and she refused to wear black to his. Snape was more than just the color black. He was an abundance of green for Slytherin, he was partly blue for Ravenclaw, and hidden deep down he was slivers of red for Gryffindor. Luna suspected him to have a bit of yellow for Hufflepuff as well. She wishes dearly to discover that Hufflepuff. She wishes dearly to discover the bits and pieces that are Severus Snape and put them together. She believes she has an idea of what that picture would look like: different hues of green, blue, red, and yellow, all outlined in stark black. The picture has depth, it is dark and light and beautiful and stunning. And so she tried to reflect his lesser known attributes—the lighter parts of him—with her dress and sweater. She is wearing that same sweater now, and when his eyes catch her own, she wonders if he knows. He is staring at her now. Ginny told her that Snape's eyes were nothing but pits of black. They are not, they are brown. Deep brown. "Miss Lovegood." When they revealed that he was not dead she was not at all surprised. Snape's death had never felt final to her. It was too predictable for him to die over the elder wand. He would have expected such a misconception, he was too paranoid not to. "Miss Lovegood." She is glad he is not dead, but she is not glad that he is once again her potions professor. Not because he could be a bit difficult at times— in fact Luna always thought Snape to be an excellent professor and a master at brewing potions— but solely for the reason that Snape did not belong at Hogwarts anymore. She has a sense that he is a bit lost. Luna has a good sense for when people are lost. She would like to help Snape find his way, if he would have her. "Miss Lovegood." Luna Lovegood notices that Professor Snape looks underfeed. She would like to remedy this too. "Miss Lovegood, are you trying to test my patience?" He snaps. Most would say that Snape has a way of making the dungeons ten degrees colder then it ought to be. Luna disagrees. Snape's voice is much too deep and warm to chill her bones. "I am very glad Nagini did not ruin your voice Professor, it would have been very unfortunate if she did." Ginny quickly covers her mouth to the left of Luna. Luna thinks that Ginny is trying to stifle a laugh, though she does not know what is so funny or why Professor Snape suddenly looks so taken aback. She hopes he has not taken her comment as an insult, she is not looking to kick him while he is down, and Luna has a feeling that if Professor Snape took off his mask ,he would look very somber indeed. Luna hates that mask, she imagines it's stifling. "Ten points from Ravenclaw, for being an insufferable day dreamer." Slowly he walks toward her desk, to intimidate. She recognizes his dance, "Please do pay attention Miss Lovegood" he will stick up his nose now, she thinks, and when he does she feels glad that she still knows him so well, "least you blow up the classroom with your potion." He ends his statement with a sneer, as he always ends his statements with a sneer when it comes to her. She imagines that Snape takes points away from houses when he does not know what else to say to his students. Luna wonders if she has embarrassed him. She reassures him that she means no offence with a smile, her eyes seeming distant yet all too knowing. Snape's mask falters, and for a second he looks confused, and then the mask is set firmly back in place and he is off to repeat the same dance with one of her peers. She sighs, because his mask does not need to be his only friend. Ginny finally lets out a giggle. "What was that all about Luna? 'I'm very glad Nagini didn't ruin your voice'" She mimics. Luna turns to face Ginny with her big blue eyes. "I missed his voice, didn't you?" Ginny is frowning a bit now. "Er, yeah. I suppose I did Luna," she ends her uncomfortable rambling with a, "I'm glad he's alright too." This makes Luna smile dreamily and she scribbles in her potions notebook in big pink letters. "Do you think he would ever read us poetry? I believe it would sound quit stunning." This makes Ginny laugh loud and hard. Suddenly Snape is before them once more. "Ten points from Gryffindor. Please do keep your insolent mouth shut Miss Weasley, and try not to distract Miss Lovegood. She needs no help in that department as it is." Ginny blushes, Snape sneers, and all is as it once was before the war. Snape is off again to make sure the potion boiling over two rows down doesn't eat away at the table. "If anyone can get good ole Snape to read poetry, you can Luna." This is the third time this week that Luna Lovegood has left an apple on Snape's desk. In the beginning he was confused, now he is just angry. He swipes the confounded thing off his desk with a flick of his wrist. He feels mocked. He feels the girl is making fun. He watches the apple roll on the floor until the nearby wall stops it. He falters in his anger for a moment, only a moment, and attempts to contemplate what other reason the girl would have for giving him apples. She always struck him as odd, but she has never been spiteful. In fact, Miss. Lovegood was not that much of a nuisance at all. If he was being honest, the girl would have blended into the walls if it weren't for her odd manor. If it weren't for her odd manor, or the fact that she traveled with Potter and the Weasels, he wouldn't have noticed her at all. Still, he had never paid much attention to the brat, and in return she never paid much attention to him. Well, she hadn't until now. He is irritated because he cannot tell if Miss. Lovegood is giving him apples as a kindness or as a joke. He has always been a pessimist however, and proud of it, so he believes in the latter. He at least convinces himself that he believes in the latter, or tries to. Lovegood was never a bully. She is not a Gryffindor. He growls and furrows his brow. He is tired of trying to be understanding so he makes his way to his chair to grade papers. He decides he is angry, and when he is angered he likes to take his frustrations out on his student's essays. He flips through the stack on his desk and sorts the essays into the student's respective houses. He writes Outstanding and Excellent in red ink on the essays that belong to his house, then Acceptable on Hufflepuffs'; the sickly smiling bunch never gave him much trouble but they annoyed him none the less. He places Acceptable and Poor on any essay belonging to a Gryffindor because they were a Gryffindor and did they really expect anything else? Finally he makes his way to the Ravenclaw stack. He typically gives Ravenclaws' the mark of Excellent; their essays are so thought provoking that sometimes he actually reads them. He would never admit this to anyone, but he always read Miss. Lovegood's. There were times when her essays took a slight turn into the fantastical, speaking on Nargals and the like, but this entertained Snape because at least her essays were different. She had a way of seeing what wasn't there and presenting ideas on further research that he himself found impressing. Severus Snape was not normally impressed, in fact he made a point in staying disappointed. So when her name persisted to be the first one on the infernal pile, he hesitates. He hesitates because he is not sure that he wants to read her essay this time around. He is not sure, because he still cannot decide whether he is angry or not. Snape tries to conjure the ball of furry that has followed him around his entire life, and cannot. This frustrates him and he grabs the piece of parchment. He reads her essay, and immediately regrets the decision. Snape asked for two feet of parchment on the effects of Alihotsy Draught that he had the class brew on Monday. The Alihotsy Draught induces hysteria through ingestion or inhalation, which she points out clearly in her analysis. It is then, however, that she continues to speak on hysteria and how hysteria can affect ones appetite and have one forget to eat. She goes on, in a very academic way, to explain how forgetting to feed one's self is very dangerous indeed. She describes that although one's head may be screwed on correctly at the moment, after experiencing malnourishment one's head will be infested with Nargals, and we wouldn't want that now would we? Miss. Lovegood in all of her infernal, buggering, irritating wisdom then proscribes the antidote to a failing apatite: an apple, one a day. He marks her essay with a big ugly P for poor. Poor and persistent. He still cannot decide if he is angry. "What happened to your leg Neville?" Neville Longbottom is sitting in a chair and has his left leg resting on Luna's lap. It is horribly bruised, Luna notices, and is swelling. Her poor Neville, always tripping and falling and hurting himself. She frowns and lightly places an ice pack on the ruffed up appendage. She isn't sure why he won't go to Pomphrey, but she doesn't ask and instead enjoys the moment of taking care of her friend. Friend, she hasn't seen many of her friends lately. She is glad she still has Neville and Ginny. "Just one of the plants snagged me is all." He shrugs. "Only a plant Neville?" She teases. Sometimes she thinks that Neville forgets that she does care about his plants, and that his explanations don't bore her. As if on cue his eyes light with excitement. "Alright it's not 'only a plant,' it's an extraordinary plant. But If I tell you what it is, you can't tell anyone Luna. Not even Ginny." Luna says nothing in reply, she only stares back at him. He clears his throat. "Right then, I know I can trust you Luna." He smiles his dopey smile and Luna offers one in return. The moment is broken when Neville blushes and looks down. Luna continues to bandage ice to his leg. "Is this mysterious plant the reason why you can't go to Pomphrey?" She wasn't going to pressure him, but Luna believes that Neville wants someone to talk to. Ginny isn't one for herbology and Hannah Abbot, the love of Neville's life, is off training to be an auror with Harry. They are quite alone, her and Neville. "If I went to Pomphrey there would be questions and I promised Professor Sprout I'd not tell anyone," he hesitates, and then, "It's a baby Devils Snare. For whatever reason the Order of the Phoenix asked me and Professor Sprout to raise it. It got a little exited is all, when I watered it, and grabbed my leg. It didn't mean anything by it though, doesn't know its own strength, the silly bugger." "It must be quite large" she says softly as she