TOO GOOD A Finnick and Annie short story Disclaimer: Finnick Odair and Annie Cresta are characters established from The Hunger Games trilogy and are property of Suzanne Collins, the author and creator. This is an A/U story, as you'll notice that this story takes place after the events of Mockingjay. Finnick smiled down at the little baby in his arms. His eyes were so full of joy, something she didn't think she'd ever seen before, not even at their wedding, but considering their wedding took place in the middle of a war, it made sense that there was just a bit of darkness hidden behind his eyes then. She was exhausted, but happy as well. Finnick never left Annie's side. He stayed with her, nervous as he was, holding her hand, and whispering his encouragement to her. And just as she did in the years after they'd met, she listened to his voice. Even through the pain, she listened to him, and as it had done so many times before, he soothed her. There in his arms was the result of their union together. They had been through so much. Never would she have hoped that they would be able to celebrate something like this together. It was much easier to imagine death and despair before. Things had certainly changed after the war ended. "He's so beautiful," Finnick softly spoke as his eyes glistened, then looked to her. Annie knew that look and hoped that she expressed that same look on her face. "Yes, he is." She nodded. And he was beautiful, their baby boy. They named him Turlach, after Finnick's brother, who'd died saving Annie's life. She suggested the name, and even though she saw Finnick's lips tighten, unsure of the idea at first, knowing that it would remind him of the heartache of losing his brother, the darkness in his face lifted and he nodded his head. "Turlach. He would've liked that," he said. The first year was amazing watching little Turlach grow. It was also terrifying for the parents, especially Annie. Finnick was around most of the time, but when he wasn't, when he was out fishing, or when people sought him for advice (for although he wasn't any political figure for District 4, his opinions and his thoughts on any governmental matter were highly requested,) Annie was always frightened that something would go wrong while she cared for their baby. Finnick trusted her more than she trusted herself. But because of that, it made her more wary of their surroundings, and more careful around Turlach. Older people had tried to explain that because he was her first child, she was bound to be a little nervous caring for him, but even she suspected she was overdoing it. She had nightmares before she was pregnant; those nightmares had been about other things, about her or Finnick, or about the Games, of course. Then her nightmares had taken on a terrifying turn during her pregnancy. It had been about their baby, how he or she would be sent to the Games or executed like many others who dared oppose the Capitol. Or about their baby having to fight a war that would resume years later. Annie would wake up, more crying than screaming, and Finnick, the light sleeper that he had become after the Games, would speak softly to her. "I'm here, my sweet," he'd whisper. Holding her, caressing her back, her arms, enveloping her like a shield. "I'm with you." Sometimes she'd have her back against his chest and he'd have his arm over her, and he'd even put his hand against her belly, caressing her there. It was as if to soothe both her and the baby growing inside of her. She fell asleep faster that way. Other times, when the nightmares were harder to get over, she'd need to put her face against his chest and nuzzle herself under his chin, even hear Finnick's strong heart beating. She needed to feel the thumping against her face. And she wanted to see the scar to remind her of how he almost died during the war. She didn't want to forget, she didn't want to lose herself in a haze like she did so many times before. She had Finnick, and they were together, and starting a family. The scar, an ugly jagged line of hard skin that started from near the temple of his head down across the front of his shoulder and ended under his armpit, helped give her a strength she couldn't get anywhere else. During those times, Finnick didn't speak. He just let her listen to his heart and feel his scar. It was as if he knew that's what she needed. And it was. Less people in the Capitol found him handsome, but it was likely he didn't really care about what the people in the Capitol thought of his scar. Annie certainly didn't care. "I love that you're alive," she had one time while he was recovering from his injuries. Finnick laughed and said, "I think I got you beat there, my sweet." He pulled her close, and even though it was evident he was in pain by the look on his face, his lips were on hers. The first night of them being at home with baby Turlach, she woke up from a nightmare and was frantic, thinking that her baby boy was stolen from them. She jumped out of her bed and ran to the crib, which was mere feet away from her and Finnick's bed. Of course, Turlach was startled awake and began crying almost immediately after she did. She picked him up and held him close to her. She wouldn't have slept the rest of that night if it hadn't been for Finnick pulling the crib closer to their bed and assuring her with his calming voice that nothing was going to happen. It helped that he said he was going to stay awake with her if she wasn't going to sleep. And he did, all the while holding her close to him, her fingertips rested against his scar. The nightmares didn't stop, but they were less frequent as the months passed. Annie was able to recover from them quicker, to the point where they could let Turlach sleep in his own room… with both their door and his door open. Realizing they didn't have much in the way of pictures of themselves when they were younger and of their own parents, Finnick had decided to get a camera to take photos of them together and of little Turlach growing up. Neither of them had ever really used a camera before. Sure, they had many photos and video taken of them after their victories, but it wasn't as if they held one themselves. It was no surprise to either of them when some of the first pictures were blurry or of their faces looking confused as they eyed the lens while accidentally pushing the button. Finnick, wanted to keep a few of them, especially a couple of close ups of Annie's eyes and nose, which Annie found odd. But she let him keep them, because it put a smile on his face. Finnick did most of the photographing, which he did profusely since getting the camera. There were pictures of Turlach sleeping, pictures of Turlach eating, pictures of Turlach lying down, sitting up, crawling. As many photographs that were taken of Finnick when he was an idol at the Capitol, he never kept any of them. There was no point in keeping them, because they never showed the true Finnick. In the few pictures that he was in with his son, she looked at his face, especially his eyes, and saw the true Finnick in them. She loved looking at those pictures, those that she took, and found they were her favorite, not because she took them, but because of the two faces that were in them. It wasn't so much in the newborn photos of Turlach, but as the months went by, she could tell that Turlach had many of his father's features. Both she and Finnick had green eyes, yes, but the shape of Turlach's eyes were much like Finnick's. She knew that Turlach's smile reminded her very much of her husband. It would probably be a challenge to keep everyone from falling for their beautiful son. He learned to swim about the same time he learned to walk, and although Annie was terrified of the thought of him going into the water, there was no better teacher than Finnick. In hindsight, she remembered it was the first time she was actually angry at Finnick for even suggesting something at such an early age, but Finnick assured her every single time that the floatation bands around his waist and arms, as well as the fact that he was going to hold onto him the whole time, were not going to let anything happen to him. She eventually relented, agreeing to it as long as she was there as well. "As if I would have it any other way," he said with almost annoying confidence, which for some reason did not make her feel any better. Turlach had just turned 10 months and was learning to stand, grasping onto anything he could to hold him up. As they got to the shoreline, Annie was no longer nervous for herself, but only for her little boy. She held his right hand and Finnick held his left hand. There was a small piece of the shorline that was set up for children to swim in, blocked by a jetty that prevented the stronger waves from crashing in. They headed there. Luckily, it was a calm late afternoon with low tides. "Are you sure about this?" she asked Finnick. Too soon , she thought. Way too soon. She wanted to wait until Turlach was older, until he was walking, until he was in school, maybe when he was 5… or 15 years old. Of course, that wasn't the only reason she wanted to wait. There was the lingering thought that maybe they'd be attacked, like in her nightmares. Or in her most horrifying imagination, little Turlach would be taken away from them right at that moment to compete in the Hunger Games. She didn't think she was being entirely ridiculous. Finnick sensed her panic as he always did. He picked up Turlach and pulled Annie to him. Annie accepted his embrace and held him tight, her eyes closed, her face pressed against his chest. All she could do was breathe. In and out. She could smell the ocean, the sand, Finnick, and even Turlach, his scent refreshingly different from Finnick's, but familiar all the same. "Okay. We don't have to do this if you don't want to," Finnick suggested. "We could wait." Annie took a deep breath. Maybe she was overreacting, maybe she wasn't. She did remember some parents waiting for the school to teach their offspring how to swim, and yet there were others who took them out this young, to the beach, to the crashing waves, and they were just fine. Still, there were a few who lost a little one to the ocean. A rogue wave, high tide, boating accident, whatever else the sea could throw at them, these citizens of District 4. Those were the other reasons she feared for her son. They weren't unreasonable fears. They were justified. So, she surprised even herself when she shook her head against Finnick's chest. "No, go ahead. Do this with him. I want you to spend as much time with him as possible. I want him to learn everything from you," she told him. Annie pushed herself back to look up at him and the boy he was holding. Turlach patted her head and then put his little fingers in her mouth. She smiled at her baby, pretending to munch on his digits before she spoke again.