Disclaimer: Characters established from The Hunger Games trilogy are property of Suzanne Collins, the author and creator. Big thanks to Danalos the Lady Chaos for beta-reading. This story takes place after the completion of the 70 th Hunger Games (5 years prior to Katniss & Peeta's first Hunger Games) Chapter One: The Winner He looks at the television, his eyes fix on her face. They finally pull her up out of the water, her body wrecked. So skinny. So fragile. But despite all the disparaging concern on her physical appearance, that isn't what concerns Finnick most. It is her mental condition. He can see it on her face, through the tangled mass of hair that almost completely covers the dark pockets in which her eyes lay. Wild. Confused. Terrified. That's what her eyes reflect back to him. He had prepared her physically and helped her thought process for the games, but he didn't do enough to prepare her mentally for what she was going to go through. He didn't even know it himself. Annie Cresta had just won. "Ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to present the victor of the Seventieth Hunger Games, Annie Cresta! I give you the tribute of District Four!" Claudius Templesmith's voice booms throughout the training center and all over the Capitol and the cheers roar throughout The Capitol. He can hear it on the television screen as well as through the windows of the room they're in. Finnick Odair should be elated. He should be cheering with everyone else. He is Annie's mentor, after all. But he just feels numb. It isn't until Haymitch Abernathy pats him on the back does he even remember where he is. "Congratulations, Odair. Don't forget to smile," Haymitch says in a low, impassive voice, reminding Finnick that he still has a persona to keep. That he needs to act his part and give his winning and sensuous smile to the Panem crowd once the cameras focus on him. And they are often focusing on him, especially in the Capitol. He can't let anyone know how he truly feels about this whole thing. His dislike for the Capitol and the citizens here was solidly established ever since he became a victor, but has heightened yet again this time around. He loathes coming here, but he knows if he doesn't, if he chooses to defy the orders that are given to him, someone else will get hurt for his disobedience. He can't risk it anymore. President Snow could easily have him killed, but he won't. Snow still knows that Finnick is very valuable to him, and he still has some leverage to hold against him. Turlach, Finnick's brother, is the only family Finnick has left. They could still destroy his home if they really want to. They definitely have the power to, as they routinely remind the districts of it every year. "So, Finnick, how does it feel to have a new victor from your district?" asks some preposterously dressed Capitol reporter who happened to be standing right behind Finnick when Claudius' announcement was made over the television screens all around them. Finnick closes his eyes for a moment, readying himself to face the people. When he turns around, a camera lens and microphone are already pointing directly at him. "Well, it's no surprise, really," Finnick says with appealing confidence. "Annie is one of the finest tributes we've had since, well, me!" They laugh, although Finnick's is forced, but nobody notices. Everything for Finnick in the Capitol is forced. Luckily, because it was his tribute that won, he is able to use that to excuse himself from a long line of questioning. He is to now begin the process of getting everything set for Annie and the sponsors and going over the interview procedures and questions with Caesar Flickerman. It will be about an hour before Annie arrives from where they picked her up in the arena. He makes his way to the elevators of the Training Center, and sees Haymitch there, probably waiting for him. "Looks like you have your work cut out for you this time, Odair," Haymitch says without so much as a glance toward Finnick's direction. "I know," Finnick said, keeping his eyes straight ahead as well. "So, you saw it?" Haymitch asked. Finnick lowered his eyelids, his face stern. "Yeah, I saw it." To the public's eyes, it wasn't noticeable, but for those that have been there in the arena, to those that have trained other tributes, it's easy to spot. The wildness in Annie's eyes that Finnick concerned himself with just a few minutes earlier was unmistakable to Haymitch as well. She was damaged, possibly beyond repair, and it is going to be Finnick's job to somehow get her to find her way back to sanity. Yes, Finnick knows he has his work cut out for him. "Well, at least she's alive," Haymitch says. "Good thing you know how to be a mentor." "You know, your tributes could use a mentor, too," Finnick shoots back, but not in anger. He knows Haymitch well enough to know that he wouldn't be offended. For five years now, he had seen how Haymitch was with the tributes in District 12. They almost never stood a chance in the arena. Haymitch was too often drunk to rally any support for his tributes, but every once in a while, he would try a little if he thought his tributes stood a chance. But Finnick figured out that Haymitch didn't help with anything else. Still, Finnick understands him. Haymitch isn't completely deplorable. Sure, he's not the best mentor; actually, he's the worst there is. But for some reason, Haymitch has been a constant source of… friendship? Finnick isn't quite sure if that's the word for his and Haymitch's relationship, but he knows that if they were in a battle, he would want Haymitch on his side. He had seen a video of Haymitch of when he won the 50th Hunger Games. Haymitch was one of the best he ever saw, and he wasn't even a Career. Haymitch was, and still is, surprisingly smart. Not only that, but Haymitch seems to know how to make Finnick feel better, probably because behind all that surliness, Finnick knows he could trust him. "When there's one that has the guts to stand up to me, I'll consider it," Haymitch says, then laughs out loud. Finnick knows Haymitch gave up on mentoring a long time ago, well before Finnick was even eligible for the games. After Finnick had become a victor, he told himself he would never give up on whoever he had to mentor. Mags certainly didn't give up on him. But Mags did confess to him it was going to be easy to get support because of his looks anyway, so of course she didn't give up on him. Not everyone who was a tribute had that luxury, and even when they did, they didn't have the skills he had with a trident. His years with his mom and dad on the fishing boat definitely helped. Since District 4 had a good amount of victors, they had the ability to do random drawings for the mentors as well. That was how he got Mags as a mentor. Of course, the mentors' drawings were done prior to Reaping Day. This was only the second time Finnick had to mentor someone. The first person he mentored was for the 66th Hunger Games, the following year after his victory. The boy was 13 years old and he was all kinds of scared. To have that boy's family stare painfully at him when he returned to District 4 victorless made him cringe at the thought of having to mentor another. It's no wonder that Haymitch was the way he was. Haymitch had been a mentor to two tributes for 20 years in a row, without anyone to take his place. If he had to mentor tributes as often as Haymitch did, maybe he would have given up after a few years also. Being that he was from District 4, he was a career tribute, along with Districts 1 and 2. At one point, District 4 even had all 12 houses in the Victor's Village occupied with victors. Finnick was the most recent victor, until this year, exactly five years later. Annie Cresta. He actually couldn't believe she had won. It really was only by chance. Obviously the gamemakers hadn't anticipated it. They probably had only meant for the earthquake the bring some of them out of hiding, but something went wrong and the dam had broken. The remaining tributes who were still alive at that point didn't know how to swim, except Annie. Finnick has a feeling that at least one gamemaker isn't going to be gamemaker for long, and most likely isn't going to be alive either. Finnick thinks back to the day he first officially met Annie. Reaping Day. It was never quite as anticipated as those outside of District 4 made it out to be. No one ever really wanted to be a tribute, not like those in 1 and 2, especially District 2. But if they were called, they were expected to be a proud representative of their district. District 4 was, after all, said to be the most beautiful of all the districts in Panem. And Finnick not only represented the district, but he was the personification of 4 in beauty and strength. Their tributes were career tributes, expected to form alliances with those from 1 and 2. Most of the victors hailed from one of these three districts. But the past few years, the District 4 tributes were less resilient, less confident. Annie was no exception. Finnick already saw the fear in her eyes when she walked her way down the path to the stage. She looked around, her big sea-green eyes wide, as if begging with them for someone to take her place. No one would, of course. Her hair, long and dark and straight, was clipped nicely in a little barrette that someone had probably given to her. Her clothes were nothing special, not like some of the other girls whose families could afford at least one nice dress for their daughter. She only had a plain, frumpy and formless dress that looked like it had been worn by so many other girls. Finnick promptly concluded she was from the community home. Those in the community home were kids either with no parents or guardians, or if they did have parents, they were regarded as unfit to take care of them. Being that she was from the community home, he hoped she would have some kind of fight in her, but the way she looked, he didn't think the odds were in his favor that he would be so lucky. "Annie…Cresta, is it?" asked Finnick, in a playful manner, giving her a flirtatious smile, when he entered the dining car of the train, where she already was. She didn't look his way, even though Finnick's face was inches from her. Didn't even flinch. She just stared out the window of the train in her plain dress, her eyes no longer wide with fear, her face expressionless. Normally, he could at least make a girl blush when he spoke like that, especially when he was so close to his target, so he was a bit surprised that she didn't so much as acknowledge him. "Your dinner's getting cold," Finnick then said. "You wouldn't want it to go to waste, would you?" For a second, he thought Annie was just going to stand in that position for the duration of the trip. But eventually she moved her way to the dinner table and ate as much as possible without regard to him or anyone else. Well , he thought, that's a start at least. He waited for her to finish her food before he started talking again. Annie didn't utter a word