Author's Note: Okay...so...I'm really nervous about posting this. Really, really nervous. My friends and I have our own little cannon about the LotR gang and part of that includes Legolas married and a father. It was furthered when Orlando Bloom had his son and we got to see all the adorable pictures of him holding little Flynn and generally being a dad. Makes me squeal a little inside. I've always wanted to do a story with the fathers discussing being fathers because to me nothing is as sweet as good daddies. I'm a sucker for that kind of thing. Moving on...this story idea spurned from a conversation with a neighbor. His wife is having twins and he mentioned that he was intimidated because she was so large. To me it just seemed like something Eomer would say. That and I figured out of everyone in their little group Eomer would be the most panicky father. Faramir would probably handle things with his usual grace and Sam reproduced like a bunny, so clearly he wasn't panicked either and Aragorn just doesn't come across as a nervous father. he just doesn't get nervous. I picked a name for Legolas's wife. Galadhwen (Gah-lahth-wen) means 'laurel tree'. I liked the way it sounds. She doesn't make an appearance but she is mentioned briefly. Aranestarion means 'he who is a great healer'. I based his personality off of my nanny charge, Pax, who is the love of my life. Telgalad means 'bringer of light'. Like I said, super nervous about posting this. Actually feeling nauseous about it so please be kind. Hopefully you'll enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. Inside a room, in the palace of Gondor, a fire blazed merrily, bathing the patrons in both warmth and a soft glow. At a table sat two figures. One of the figures, curiously enough, emitted a soft glow of his own, revealing him as an Elf, one of the firstborn of Middle Earth. Pale blonde hair, normally drawn back in warrior braids, hung loose around his shoulders. He was clothed in a velvet robe of pale gray, his booted feet tucked under him. Bright blue eyes stared intently at the chessboard in front of him. Across from the Elf sat a Man. He was thin, bordering on skinny but he had the lean strength of a warrior. His hair was a light brown just brushing the tops of his shoulders. Light blue eyes studied the board in what was easily recognized as a scholar's gaze. He was clothed in soft leggings and a tunic baring the design of the White Tree of Gondor, revealing him to be Steward to the King. Lazily watching the chess game was another Man. He reclined, relaxed on one of the large, cushioned couches near the fire. Long blonde hair, reaching to mid-back was pulled away from his face in a low ponytail. He was dressed casually in a plain tunic and trousers befitting a warrior. Though no crown adorned his head this Man was the king of Rohan. Across from him, leaning against the fireplace stood two companions who differed greatly. The first was dressed similarly to the Elf, in velvet robes of deep, dark blue. He was clearly a Man though he carried himself with a regal air, showing that he was, in fact, the king of Gondor. He was relaxed, crown forgotten, grey eyes soaking in the company of those around him, pipe in hand. Next to the king stood a figure that reached to just about his shoulder. His companion's fiery red hair and braided beard showed him to be from the race of Dwarves. The Dwarf puffed away on his pipe, eyes crinkled in amusement from his observation of the chess game and conversation circulating the room. The last four members of the room sat in front of the fireplace. None of them were Men, Elves or Dwarves. They were known as Hobbits. Two curly brown heads, one black, as well as one blonde were darting around the room in the direction of whoever was speaking at the time. Large feet were being warmed by the fire and a fast-dwindling plate of food sat between them. The room's atmosphere was relaxed and happy, everyone forgetting their duties and woes and merely enjoying each other's company. Eomer watched as Legolas captured one of Faramir's pawns, sipping from his goblet filled with wine that the Elf prince had brought with him. He picked up the conversation where it had left off mere seconds before, "I understand that she's with child but every time I see her she seems to be...bigger...and more pregnant than before. It's a bit intimidating." "A word of advice mellon-nin ," Legolas said softly, eyes never leaving the game, "Never tell her that." "Aye," Gimli chuckled from his place of banishment near the fireplace. Legolas had put both Aragorn and Gimli as far from himself as possible when the pipes came out, "There are a few words you avoid when speaking with a Lass that's with child." "Large," Aragorn said from next to him. Faramir moved another piece and looked up, "Big." "Huge," Merry offered, before tossing a grape into the air and catching it in his mouth. Legolas sipped from his own goblet, eyes raising from the chessboard to look around the room, "Use words like glowing." "Beautiful," Sam piped in from his place on the floor. "Radiant," Aragorn finished off, "And never, from personal experience, use the phrase 'You look fine for a woman who is pregnant'. You will regret it." Legolas looked at Aragorn and raised an eyebrow, "Please tell me you weren't stupid enough to say that to Arwen." Aragorn stayed silent and the Elf prince gave a very unElf-like snort, "I'm surprise she left you alive to tell the tale." Aragorn gave him a dirty look before turning back to Eomer, "Are you nervous?" Eomer shrugged slightly, "On occasion. I don't have much experience with children...the last baby I held was Wyn...and I was four at the time. I'm not entirely sure I'll know how to be a father. My father died when I was young and he was frequently away on hunts. After his death Theoden helped raise us but..." He took another drink of wine before shrugging again, "It will be interesting I'm sure, having an heir." "Any thoughts on whether it's a boy or girl?" Faramir asked. "I have no ideas. Lothiriel keeps saying it's a boy and I've learned lately to just agree with her." The room broke into soft laughter before Sam spoke, "It's rewarding...being a father, I mean." The fathers all nodded in agreement and the room once again lapsed into a comfortable silence. Hearing a soft noise from the slightly opened door, Frodo glanced over. Peeking in was a small blonde head belonging to a child that appeared to be about 3 to 4 years old. The child caught Frodo's eye and gave him a bright smile. Frodo smiled softly in return before speaking up, "We have a visitor." All the heads swiveled to the door and Aranestarion, eldest son of Legolas crept in. Noticing his father, the Elfling broke into a run, launching himself into Legolas's arms. The Elfling was clad in his night clothes, his feet bare. He arranged himself on his father's lap before Legolas spoke, "I distinctly remember putting you in your bed. Why aren't you asleep?" Aranestarion looked around the room, clearly trying to come up with something creative. Looking at his father the Elfling relented and told the truth, "I am not tired yet. Can I stay with you?" Legolas sighed, "I'm sure no one here wants to be bothered." "He never bothers us," Pippin piped up from the floor. Frodo and Sam gave him a look. "He's trying to get him back to sleep," Sam explained quietly. "Oh." Aranestarion looked at his father with pleading, massive blue eyes, "Please? I promise I won't get up early tomorrow!" "I highly doubt that...but against my better judgement...you can stay up for a bit," Legolas relented. Aranestarion's face lit up and he hopped off his father's lap to run to Aragorn who had his arms out to catch him. The Elfling skidded to a stop the moment he noticed the pipe. The tiny nose wrinkled in disgust, "That smells." Aragorn gave Legolas a look and the Elf merely smiled in response. After assuring that both Aragorn and Gimli's pipes were no longer emitting that horrid smell Aranestarion broke into a run again, flinging himself at Aragron who caught him and tossed him high in the air. The Elfling giggled happily as he was caught once again and hugged his beloved 'uncle' around the neck. Aragorn merely shook his head in amusement, "You are far too much like your father." Aranestarion's forehead crinkled at that statement, " Nana and Daeradar say that all the time too." "Speaking of Nana ," Legolas broke in, "Does she know where you are?" His son's guilty face told him all he needed to know and the Greenwood Prince sighed. Aranestarion did his best to cover his tracks, "Nana was with Aunt Arwen. I did not want to bother her." Aragorn flipped the child upside down, tickling him, "He's fine. He knows his way around the palace better than I do." Legolas gave his friend a look, "If you rile him up, you're putting him to bed." Aragorn rolled his eyes good-naturedly as Aranestarion walked up his legs and flipped himself over, giggling wildly the whole time, "He's fine. Right, Starion?" "Right!" The Elfling chirped, hanging upside down. "Remind me to get Eldarion a drum," Legolas muttered, turning his attention back to the chess game. Eventually Aranestarion tired of flipping himself over and leg go of Aragorn's hands, dropping back down the the ground. He pounced on Gimli who flipped him over one shoulder like a sack, making the child squeal in happiness. The Dwarf, like everyone else in the room, was a cherished 'uncle'. He could often be seen wandering around with the Elfling on his back, something they both enjoyed doing while the child was still smaller than him. Once Aranestarion's feet were on the ground Gimli slipped him a piece of rock candy that he always had on him for that reason. The Elfling's face lit up and he popped the candy into his mouth. Legolas watched his son with a watchful eye and a smile, "Candy, Gimli? Really?" Gimli dismissed him, "I always have candy for him. It's tradition now." The Elf merely shook his head and Aranestarion gave him a bright smile. He was heading toward his father when he was snatched around the middle and flipped over Aragorn's shoulder. Aranestarion giggled and struggled in the king grasp but he was held tight. Aragorn strode across the room and deposited the child onto Eomer's lap. The King of Rohan pinned the child on his lap, tickling him mercilessly. Aranestarion laughed uncontrollably, reaching for Legolas, " Ada ! Save me!" Eomer held the child down as he tried to escape, "Your father can't help you. You're being held prisoner." Aranestarion wiggled out of his grip and fell onto the floor, crawling to safety behind Merry and Pippin. The child collapsed on his back, still giggling. Faramir watched the exchange between Aranestarion and his brother-by-marriage with a smile. He looked at Eomer, his grin growing, "Don't have much experience with children, huh? You seemed to be doing fine with Starion." Eomer shrugged, "He's different. I've never seen him misbehave." Legolas raised an eyebrow, "He snuck out of his bed and crept in here after his bedtime. I'd call that misbehaving." Eomer chuckled, "But he's cute so he gets away with it. Right Starion?" Aranestarion looked up from where he was wrestling with Merry and Pippin, "Huh?" "Just say 'right'," Eomer told him. "Right!" the Elfling echoed before he was pounced on by Pippin. Eomer turned back to Legolas