I slowly walk into Peeta's hospital room. The only furniture in the room is his bed. He wears a hospital gown and pants. I think the doctors are still worried about him killing himself. They always lock his room at night. Two guards stand outside the door, ready to step in in case Peeta loses control. His flashbacks have become less often and not as severe but I think he's going to be living with them for the rest of his life. "Hey." I say softly. Peeta doesn't reply as he eyes me suspiciously. It's been just over a week I think since we've returned to 13 from the Capitol. Hopefully soon we'll be able to return to 12. The people have started rebuilding. My burns from the Capitol bombing have started to feel but the mental scars will stay for a lifetime. "How are you feeling?" I stand about a meter away from him. He still doesn't answer. "I've heard that we'll be able to go home soon." "Home?" He lets out a bitter laugh. "There isn't a lot left but with time we'll rebuild." "There never was anything there Katniss. Rebuild lives of poverty and suffering? Is that what you want to do?" "Things are changing, for the better." "You call war changing for the better?" "Peeta. . . things are going to be better now, not perfect, but better." "For you they might be." "They'll be better for you too." I take another small step towards him, still weary. His mood towards me varies from day to day, minute to minute even. "Nothing ever gets better." "That's not true. You've already come so far. You're beginning to be able to tell real from not real. "What about Johanna?" "She's getting better too, just like you are. You've both been through so much." I take another step towards his bed and I'm now beside him. The doctors now trust him to be without restraints. "You can't possibly say recovery is that simple." I sigh internally. He's fighting me on everything I say. Maybe I should just leave before things get out of hand. "Maybe I should go." "Maybe you should." His voice is cold and it matches the look in his eyes. I don't want to admit it but his words hurt. "Peeta . . ." I reach out and gently touch his arm. "Don't touch me!" He quickly pulls his arm away and I take a small step back in case he lashes out. "Is it alright if I just sit in your room with you?" "I try to keep my distance from mutts if I can." His words hit me hard. I thought he had gotten over the whole mutt thing, I guess not. I want to grab him and hold him close but I'm sure that would cause him to snap. "Not real, Peeta. Not real." I try to bring back the little game we played when we were in the Capitol to help him sort through his memories. "You think I'm going to believe you? You may have everyone else fooled," Peeta sits up in the bed and looks me in the eye, "But I won't fall for it." "Peeta, please. Your name is Peeta Mellark. Your favourite colour is orange, sunset orange. You've been in the hunger games twice and you've loved me since you were five. "I was really stupid when I was five." I can feel him slipping from me. He's been so good for the past few days and now he's slipping. "Peeta stop," I'm begging him now, "They're messing with you. Don't let them. Don't let them in." I place a hand on his bed, knowing very well that he might snap it. "You're the only one messing with me!" He whacks my hand off the bed. "Peeta please. Not real. Come back to me." I start to become frustrated. He needs to fight this off. He needs to be strong for me. "Why aren't you helping the others that are injured?" I pause before I answer. I want to say because I love you but I feel like that will push him over the edge. "You're injured too." "So? At least I have my priorities straight." "And what's that mean?" "You're the reason for this. All of this." It feels like my breaths been knocked out of me. I already feel guilty enough about what happened, I don't need him to intensify those feelings. "Peeta. . .Please stop." I feel like I'm close to crying. I miss the old Peeta. The one who was always there to comfort me and hold me. His face softens a little, "Are you hurt?" I assume he means physically. "Not because of you." I wrap my hands around myself, becoming self-conscious of myself. The burns from the bombs have done a number on my body. The bombs. . . No. I can't let myself think of them. It's too soon, the memories too fresh. The wounds still too fresh. "You are a piece of work." I shake my head. "I can't listen to you anymore." I take a step back preparing to leave. To where I don't know, anywhere away from him. Away from his snarky mouth and poisoned mind. "Thanks for proving my point." "What?" I grumble. I'm going to snap any second now. I've let his words get to me. "You never stop lying." His words bring me back to a dark, scarier time. "Oh, my dear Miss Everdeen. I thought we had agreed not to lie to each other." "Hard to believe." His words bring me back to the present. "What do you want from me?" The guards turn to look in, preparing themselves to step in and break up the fight that is inevitable. "I want you to know how big of a mistake you made. You're making us all pay for your stupid act." "Do you think I don't know that?! Do you think I don't feel bad for what's happened?!" One of the guards comes forward. "I think you should leave." I glare at Peeta, I'm not done with him yet, "You need to snap out of this." "Aww, go find Finnick. Maybe he can kiss it better." His statement shocks me on so many levels. First of all Finnick was married, Peeta even decorated their wedding cake. Second, Finnick is dead. Peeta was there, how can he not remember? Probably just another death he'll blame on me. "He's dead, Peeta. Don't you remember?" I ask coldly. "Good. At least he won't nag me about owing him anything." This is not my Peeta, this is not the man I fell in love with. "Good? He was married! His wife is pregnant without a husband!" I step towards him. "And his wedding cake was beautiful." One of the guard grabs my arm, "Let's go. "I quickly pull it from his grasp, I don't like being touched. "I know, you made it." I tell Peeta "At least we know he's fertile after spending so much time in the Capitol," He shifts, "You really should listen to what other people have to say. One day that big head of yours might not be attached to your body. "Shut up! Just shut up!" I can't tell if he's threatening me or warning me. Either way it hurts. A lot. The guard grabs me and pulls me back, away from Peeta. Away from the threat. Who's the threat, me or him? "You need to leave." He tells me again. Peeta frowns, "You don't know anything, Katniss. Nothing." "Shut up!" I repeat, not knowing what else to say. Peeta closes his mouth and lays back down. "What's happened to you?" I lower my voice. I know some of what he's been through, torture. Horrible torture. But that's not what I'm asking about. Even since the war finished in the Capitol he's slipped back to his hijacked state. "I don't want to scare you." The sentence starts with a sarcastic edge but his face tells a different story. He doesn't want to damage me anymore than I already am. "You need to talk to somebody. I thought you were getting better." He says nothing, only stares at me with a slight glimpse of regret. "Please. Whatever you're seeing, whatever your brain is telling you isn't real." He says something under his breath, "What?" "Leave. I want to see one of the doctors." "Fine." I grumbled and walk out of his room, tugging the guard's hand off and glaring as I walk by. I walk down the hall back to my room. The doctors still don't think I'm well enough to be discharged. What do they know? I'm fine. I lay on my bed and stare at my ceiling, thinking over my encounter with Peeta. A lady who looks unfamiliar poke her head in my room, "Shouldn't you be in therapy?" Therapy. It was useless. A waste of time. "I didn't feel like going." "You should go." Real convincing on her part. "That's nice." I roll over so I'm facing away from her. I do what I want. I hear her sigh and her footsteps as she walks away. Was I too harsh to Peeta? I keep trying to remind myself that he isn't himself right now, his words aren't true. He doesn't mean what he's saying. He'd never intentionally hurt me. I'm torn from my thoughts when I hear yelling down the hall. I think for a moment on whether or not I want to get up and investigate and decide I should, not like I have anything better to do. I make sure no doctors are near and walk down the hall, towards the yelling. I soon realize that the yelling's coming from Peeta's room. I go up to his door and look in. Peeta must be having his therapy, there's pictures of me on the walls but he doesn't seem to be taking it well. He tears each picture off the wall, shredding them into pieces. When he gets to the last one he hesitates, staring at it while he breathes heavily. "Peeta. . ." I put my hand up to the door. I want to go in and hug him, tell him that whatever he's thinking of isn't real but going in would only lead to me getting hurt. Or worse. He seems to hear me and looks up. He looks between me and the photo. I mouth the words not real to him. He stands up and comes over to the door, still occasionally looking at the photo. "Not real. Your memories aren't real." I'm not sure if he can hear me but I hope he can. He holds the picture up to the window, it's a picture of me from school when I was young. I'm singing. I smile and nod my head, "Real." "Can you come in?" I guess he can hear me. I'm a bit apprehensive to but I can't deny his request. I look down the hall for someone to let me in. "Hey." I say down the hall. A man walks over a few minutes later, "Yes?" "He wants to see me." I point to Peeta's room. The man pulls out a key but hesitates. "The door is locked for a reason." "I have guards for a reason." He rolls his eyes and lets me in. I walk in slowly, waiting to see how he reacts to my presence. He takes a few steps back from me. When I'm in the room I notice the paintings of myself which have been brought in. "It's alright." I say softly and look around at the paintings. "What's alright with this? There's nothing alright with this." "I mean I'm not going to hurt you." "How can I be sure?" He takes another step back, "How can I wake up from a nightmare when it's reality?" "I'd never hurt you. Don't let them change you. You're more than