Small sobs could be heard coming from somewhere behind me. Even though my mother and Prim were both helping me get ready for the dance, something told me the sniffling was only coming from the elder Everdeen. "Oh Katniss, you've grown up so fast…" She says, her voice catching somewhere in the middle of her sentence. A pair of hands untangle themselves from my hair and I hear the soft rustle of a tissue being pulled out of its box. "I'm so proud of you, dear." I sigh, "Mom, it's really not that big. In the grand scheme of things, today's just like any other day. A bunch of school, then here's this little thing called 'Prom', but hey I'll be off to university soon. You should save your tears for the graduation ceremony. I know I'll be." "You could really try being a little more sympathetic," Prim comments. As much as I hate to admit, my influences on her as an older sibling in conjunction with her teenage years has made its mark on Prim's formerly kind personality. She still radiates just as much as she used to, but her words occasionally drip with sassy remarks. I stick a tongue out in her general direction when she leans over to examine me from the front. "The dress does look a little better though." My mother finishes securing loose strands of my hair with bobby pins and finalizes everything with hairspray. She holds a hand mirror in front of my face, still preoccupied with scanning my scalp for any flyaways. I hold the mirror at an angle and look back at my hair. "If I had known you were going to do so much, I could have just gone to Cinna's to spare you the trouble," I say guiltily. I glance up at an analog clock that reads 2:46 PM, "Honestly Mom, you didn't have to your entire morning shift off just for this." "I'm sure you can still stop by to see him. I bet he'll be able to help you with your make up too." Prim perks up at the prospect of another trip to Cinna. "Can I go too, Mom?" "Maybe some other time honey. You're not even going anywhere tonight," she replies. She turns toward me, analyzing my hair from the front, "I need to leave for work soon, but make sure you drop Prim off at the Hawthorne's, do you hear me? Hazelle told me Rory had a biology project to work on with Prim." I nod in understanding. "Thanks for doing my hair and buying the dress for me, really. I'll try to make the most of tonight," I stand up and give my mother a quick hug before seeing her off. "Sure you will." Prim mutters under her breath as our mother leaves the room. "Shut it. Why do you guys even have a half day anyway?" "You seniors may be done with high school, but some of the underclassmen were invited to prom as well. Clearly the board realized this and gave us a half day for the occasion." Our district isn't particularly known for having school breaks, but I don't bother bringing that up. "So can we go see Cinna today?" " I'm going but you heard Mom, I need to take you to Rory's." "Fine. Give me 10 minutes," she sighs, leaving the bathroom to go and pack her backpack. I smile and head downstairs, grabbing my keys from the small hooks by the front door. I scanned the closet and grab two pairs of shoes, a pair of white heels and a much more comfortable set of black flats. I slip my feet into the latter pair and head toward the garage, but I stop by the decorative mirror hanging in the foyer to inspect my hair once more. Sometime near the end of April, my mother took me to a hair salon she heard about at the hospital she works at. It was certainly strange, seeing her put effort into looking good again, but I suppose she was finally rising out of that puddle of depression she fell face-first into when my father died. It was a nice change, seeing smiles on her face instead of the catatonic stare that used to plague her eyes. Because it was a newer salon, she got a coupon for a "quick touchup", so she suggested to spend the short-lived coupon on me. "Quick touchup" couldn't have been more misleading. I don't know how they managed to work on my appearance within the confines of such a small business, but in an instant, three people were flitting around me, asking for personal preferences in hair styles, textures, colors, and accessories ranging from bows to ribbons to feathers. I had skirted my way around most of the questions, saying a simple trim and perhaps a layer of bangs across my forehead would be just fine. The shock on their faces made me wonder if I had accidentally misspoke, as if I requested to have my skin dyed hot pink. Such a simple hairstyle was not something the three of them were used to. They had called over another stylist, who had just finished another client's transaction, and he set to work almost immediately. He, along with the male in the trio of stylists, briefly washed my hair and then set to work at evening out all the jagged ends that I've accumulated from years of cutting my own hair. "Are you in high school?" He asked. I had glanced up to look at his face, and immediately recognized him as Cinna Marks, the stylist whose face was pasted on the flyers plastered over store windows throughout the entire town. I attempted to nod but realized work is being done on my hair, so I opted for a brief "Yes." "Do you go to Panem Academy?" There really aren't that many other schools around, but I grunted another yes. "I see. Your prom is coming up isn't it? No, Flavius, not those. Use the other pair of scissors." I sighed, of course this would be the rave in beauty salons across the country. "Yeah, but before you ask, no. I am not going with anyone." "Feisty aren't you? Well, we have special deals for every Friday in May, so if your prom falls on one of those dates, feel free to stop by again." "Thanks." I was instructed to turn my head as Cinna inspected my hair. In that brief moment, something had caught my eye in a room further back, something I didn't expect to see in a mere hair salon: full-body mannequins. They were cluttered all about, some even leaning on others, but despite their poor organization, it was clear that the clothing they sported was tailored with great care. Some of the mannequins had broader shoulders donning silk suits, while others with smaller physiques were adorned with in glimmering dresses and the occasional necklace or pair of shoes. "You can turn your head back now," the other man (Flavius?) instructed. I complied, but not before Cinna had a chance to follow my curious gaze. "Ah. I was a fashion designer in another life," he told me. "I still have a sewing machine and extra dress material, but it's not nearly enough for a business. Not yet, at least." I thought about the dress my mother purchased on my behalf. I liked it, but she had told me that there weren't any in my size, so she purchased something bigger in hopes that I would miraculously fit by the time prom rolled around. The lavender dress looked magnificent when I first saw it, but after slipping in to the smooth fabric, I could tell many adjustments had to be made. The bust was slightly too large and somewhat uneven and skirt that consisted of translucent material veered uncomfortable close to being almost completely transparent. I needed an underskirt of some sort, but no one in my family was in any position to make drastic changes to anything that was tailored. "Do you think you could fix my dress?" The words were out before I was able to stop them, and I could tell by the sudden lack of hands fiddling in my hair that it was a question I shouldn't have asked. Flavius's hairdryer blows lazily in one spot, his fingers frozen in my locks. "Sorry I shouldn't have asked that," I quickly stammered, looking down. I feel the slow movement of uneasy fingers in my hair again, but Cinna still remained silent. Too silent. I risked a glance into the mirror in front of me, where I saw Cinna flipping through a book on a counter somewhere behind me. He occasionally glanced up at a calendar pinned to the wall, and walked back in a matter of moments. "I'll see what I can do, I have a couple things to tend to this week and springtime weekends are popular for weddings, but do you think you can come in on May 14th? Before school, if it's not too much trouble. I should have some extra hours to work before the prom rush comes in." Just one week before our own. "Okay." He handed me a sheet of paper with an empty size chart and an incomplete diagram of a generic female figure. Lines and letters were strewn across the page in every which way, and a cold sweat ran down my back as I struggled to make sense of it all. Maybe it would have been better if I said nothing. I'm jerked out of my memories at the sound of Prim coming down the stairs, backpack and textbook in hand. I open the door to the garage and hop into the driver's seat of my car. Prim hands me her belongings as she sits down in her seat and murmurs a quick thanks as I give them back to her. "So who's taking me back home?" She asks once we hit the main road. I glance to my left as I switch lanes and then turn my attention back to Prim, "I'll talk to Mrs. Hawthorne and work something out. I think Haymitch will be taking pictures with us at Finnick's, but Effie should still be lounging around in our neighborhood if you need a ride early." I turn in to Gale's subdivision I park along the curb in front of Gale's house and snag my keys. I hop out of the car and lead Prim up to their front door. -ding dong- "Katniss! Primrose!" Hazelle greets the two of us with warm hugs, "Come in, come in! I just baked some treats for the boys, so feel free to have some." We nod our thanks and she quickly hurries off into the kitchen after the oven suddenly beeps. I hesitate momentarily before following her to ask if she's able to drive Prim home. I sigh in relief when she responds with a smile and a yes. "Okay Prim, make sure your phone is on and charged. If you need anything from me, just send me a text or a call and I'll try to get to you as soon as I can. Unfortunately I'll be carpooling with a friend to the dance, and my car will be at Finnick's. It might take me a while, but I'll come." I bend down to kiss her on the forehead and then turn toward the door, "Stay safe, stay in touch, and don't eat too much of their food." I open their wooden door and immediately frown at the darkening sky. I slide back in the car and retrieve an umbrella from the center console, just in case it begins to rain, and mentally plan a route to Cinna's salon. "The sky looks pretty nasty, doesn't it?" he says as he applies foundation to my face while one of his assistants attempt to work with the remains of my chewed up fingernails