Damia was a woman created directly from the heart of Eru Ilúvatar himself with all his best intentions with the purest of his heart. The woman had no clue who she was or what her purpose in middle earth exactly was. But she would soon come to know. She lived in a little cottage house just outside of the mirkwood borders, her presence somehow went unnoticed by the elves that lived within the land, but soon they would come to know of her. Damia was lying in her little bed in her tiny cottage resting peacefully, as the sun shone through the tree line her eyes cracked open and she stretched her arms above her head yawning loudly. Another peaceful day alone in the place she loved, the secluded forest she called home with the little woodland creatures she called friends. Quickly getting up with a smile on her face she pulled on her favorite gown she sewed together with the thread her hawks brought her. It was a beautiful white silk gown with one sleeve, the sleeveless part showed her pink scar that trailed from her neck all the way down to her wrist. Looking in the mirror she was brought back to the memory of the wretched Orc creatures that trespassed on her land and killed many of her friends and left her scarred. Remembering the smell of the one that held the sword to her throat she cringed and crinkled her nose. "Damn beasts, let them come back we will be waiting." She scoffed turning around and heading out the door. Every morning she would breathe in the fresh scent of the woodland area she lived in, the trees were ever so beautiful. Her long blue hair the color of the gorgeous sky flowed freely behind her. Hearing hooves approach her she slowly looked up to see her black and white horse Gunter cantering up to her, she sensed worry all over him. "My lady, there are elves on horseback coming this way, what shall we do?" he snorted through his huge nostrils in distress. "Let them come, they have not the single idea of my existence so let us see how everything goes." Damia's brows furrowed at the thought she would come into contact with a creature that was not an Orc. Maybe they wouldn't be so evil of creatures. Her blue eyes stared in the distance of where the sound of their horse's hooves grew stronger in sound, she smelled blood and instantly grew fearsome. As their horses came into sight she saw that one of the elves was slumped over on one of their horses and the smell of blood grew strong and filled her nostrils. Her nose burned in response to the wretched scent. She noticed what species they were to their pointy ears. They were elves. "You there, do you have any healing herbs?" he asked in a hurry, his long brown silk like hair in a mess. "J-just bring him here." She stuttered pointing to the grass at her feet. The elves looked at each other in question but they nodded getting off their horses and gently grabbing the blonde elf off one of their horses, they slowly walked towards her laying him down on the grass where she asked. Kneeling down on her knees next to the elf she noticed how beautiful he was. His bright blue eyes were looking up at her in fear of death the color slowly draining from them. Gurgling on his own blood, she peered over to the wound in desperation to help him. She felt as if she was obligated to, knowing death would fall over the young elf if she did nothing. The wound was a large one, it seemed as though he was stabbed with a long sword. His stomach was bleeding mercilessly. Sighing she looked the elf in the eyes. "Do not fear elf, I will heal you. Just try and relax." She whispered to him grabbing his hand with one of hers and she put her other hand over his wound. Closing her eyes and concentrating on the wound a light formed under her hand as the blood subsided it began to close and soon after heal. The elves eyes widened as they looked at each other in astonishment. They haven't seen anything like this in all the years they have lived. As she opened her eyes the elf was staring up at her, he sat up instantly and stood up. "Who are you woman and what?" he asked. She sighed and began "I do not know what I am all I know is my name, it came to me in a dream. It's Damia." She smiled at him standing herself up as well. One of the other elves with dark brown hair cut in "Well Lady Damia the King Thranduil would be in your debt over the fact you saved his son." Her eyes widened at the thought, 'A king? Would be in my debt?' She was cut out of her daydream over the King and it dawned on her that they would have to travel through the forest of mirkwood, a disease started to slowly eat away at the land and she was petrified of it. Finally sighing "I shall go, Gunter!" she called her trusty steed. Neighing she heard him trot over to her. She pulled herself up onto his bareback and gently entangled her fingers in his mane. As she did this the elves mounted their horses beginning to lead her to the Kings palace. "Are you sure you wish to travel through mirkwood my queen? That place has an evil hold on it and may hurt you, I don't want to see you in pain.." "It will be fine Gunter, I will surpass it." She looked up at the elves that were looking back at her in confusion as to who she was speaking with. She just gave them an awkward smile back and they turned back to looking ahead, but the prince came back to ride beside her. "Thank you for saving my life, you have my gratitude." He gave her a dead looking smile and she wondered what that was about, maybe he wasn't the best at showing emotions. Her heart fluttered a little and blushed "Yo-Your welcome!" she gave him a smile that was from ear to ear with joy. She had never been thanked by anyone besides her animal friends. In return he bowed his head his smile had something behind it this time. They continued their journey in silence. They were now just outside the borders of mirkwood. Gunter stopped in his tracks as Damia stared in horror at the dying trees. They were withering away slowly, they held no leaves and were a nasty grey color. "My lady?" Gunter asked as she was taken out of her trance patting Gunter's neck beckoning him to walk on forward through the dying forest. As they passed through the tree line Damia began to experience headaches and her stomach grew in pain. Her heartbeat increased, her breathing began to hitch. Gunter could feel her distress looking up at her. "Just keep….on….going." that was the last thing she said before she fainted falling off Gunter's back onto the dirt filled grassless ground. Hearing the thud Legolas and his elves looked behind them to see Gunter standing over her pushing her body with his snout trying to wake her. Getting off his horse Legolas ran over to her. Her face became pale as if her life force was being drained from her. "We need to get her out of here, it's this forest." He looked up to the others. He threw her onto Gunter's back in a position he knew she wouldn't fall off, quickly running back to his horse he kicked it's sides making it gallop, the elves followed and so did Gunter. They were just outside the palace now, taking their horses and Gunter to the stables, Legolas grabbed Damia's limp body off Gunter throwing her over his shoulder and ran to the front doors. They were stopped by guards. "Legolas, man ceril?" a black haired elf asked looking over to Damia in question. "Boe de nestad, let us pass with her." He glared at the elf piercing his soul with his ice blue eyes. Sighing, the guard moved out of the way letting Legolas pass by and move on to the healing room as the woman's life in his arms was fading away slowly. Running past the throne room he was stopped by the displeased voice of his father. "Legolas may I ask why you are carrying a strange woman on your shoulder?" Thranduil looked down at him as he hung lazily from his throne. "Not now father, she needs healing!" Legolas spat at him "Did I approve of this?" he retorted coldly. Legolas' face turned a shade of red in anger as to why he was being this way. "She saved my life." He stared at his father for a moment and continued to walk forward. Thranduil was at a loss of words, an outsider? Saving his son? A small grin pulled at his lips, he was curious with this being. She didn't look like any creature he had seen before. Her blue hair the shade of the morning sky, ears of an elf and the beauty of a goddess. She is something he would read about in books or story's written by the gods themselves. "This shall be interesting." He whispered to himself. As Legolas reached the healing room the healers took Damia from his arms and looked at her in astonishment. "Who is this woman my Prince?" a she-elf asked surprised by her appearance. "I do not know much but the sickness on mirkwood somehow drained her life, please do something, she saved my life I just want to return the favor." As he spoke they continued to lay her down onto the healing bed grabbing herbs and using their best magic, pulling the evil which tainted her heart out. Damia's pale complexion slowly turned back to normal which was only a little tan, she was still pale as it is which was normal for her. Her breathing soon returned to normal rather than the sharp intake of breath that she had before. "I think she will be just alright, she needs rest though, take her to a room would you Prince?" the healer asked Legolas. Legolas nodded and picked Damia up bridle style taking her to one of the guest rooms in the kingdom. He picked a secluded one that no one would come across her. He slowly opened the grand doors and walked into the room with her. As he reached the bed he held her with one arm while moving the blanket with his other so he could wrap her in them. He gently placed her down and pulled the covers over her. His eyes slowly wandered up to her face and he smiled the slightest bit. She looked so peaceful as she slept. He brushed the stray strands of hair from her face and walked out the door going to his father to explain the situation. Finally reaching the throne room Legolas saw his father as he always was. Lazily lounging in his throne like the king he was. "And?" Thranduil asked coolly his stone like face not showing the slightest bit of emotion. "She will be fine, she needs rest. The scouts and I were patrolling our borders, and had a run in with the wretched Orcs. We were forced to fall back, I was severely wounded in battle and I almost died, father. If we had not stumbled across Damia I would have surely met my fate." Legolas explained looking in his fathers' eyes searching for any reaction. "Well, I suppose I am in her debt, she did save my beloved after all. Damia is it?" Legolas just simply nodded. "What kind