A/N: AU/AH. For those of you who have read this before, you know the story behind this fic. For those of you who haven't read this before here's a quick summarization: This is the writing exercise (not story) "Doing the Unthinkable". The title I started with was "Find A Way" based on the hit song by Safetysuit. At the time I started this back in May-June 2010, it provided one purpose, for me to beat the hell out of when I got frustrated on the collaboration I was currently working on with my former collab partner, Educating Bella. Whether it was due to writing block or disagreements on how we wanted EB's characters to progress and their relationship or I felt I had shortchanged a chapter, this exercise was a perfect punching bag and I hit it, quite often. The first chapter came out when I was working on the background of Jacob and Bella for my collab partner and I to go over to start writing the story of EB. The song, "Don't Stand So Close To Me" helped to inspire it and before I knew it, the scene of Bella in the rain had been completed and I couldn't stop writing. My collab partner and I decided to go in a different direction, citing the scenes I had written as too angsty and depressing, so we wrote a different first chapter and EB went in a perpendicular direction. My muse was frustrated and wanted to continue the night that had been unfolding in the first chapter of FAW. At the time, I passed it to a friend of mine, Caos-lust, to ask her what she thought. She liked it and urged me to continue, assuring me she would like to read it. And so I continued. Before I knew it, I had three chapters done, I was forming a playlist without realizing it and I had dubbed the amount I had written so far "Mr. Black". After the fourth chapter, I took a slight break to focus on EB and my other sole writings. But I soon found myself going back to FAW (which I eventually titled it just so it actually had a better name than "Mr. Black") whenever I would feel frustrated with the collaboration piece. And soon, I had ten chapters written out and more than the one friend reading it. I had quite a few people urging me to continue and now today, there's seventeen chapters completed. That's how FAW (now officially called "Doing the Unthinkable" based on Jacob and Bella's main theme by Alicia Keyes) got started and why it continued. It was not started to rival EB or my former collaborator in any way, shape or form. I also wanted to mention how DtU got started because there is a gigantic amount of unrealistic events, overwhelming fluff, drama, angst, changing emotions constantly and many other things in it. So, if it doesn't feel like a real story, this is why. Will contain graphic sexual content and vulgar language within the story. If this offends you, please do not read. I don't mean to disrespect the site or its moderators but trying to edit out all the lemony parts and revising the writing to make it fit without them was too time-consuming. Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Everything belongs to Stephenie Meyer, the creator of Twilight. He closed the book in front of him and leaned off the desk, standing. "Alright, guys. Don't forget. Exam Monday." He ignored the collective groans meeting him. "So, enjoy the weekend." He saw her lift the strap of her bag and sling it over her shoulder. "Bella. I'd like to see you for a minute, please." She froze, staring up at him. She then bit her lip and nodded. The few kids around her snickered, making her face flush scarlet, and he had the overwhelming desire to smack them in the back of the head. Instead, he sat back down on the desk, grabbing his other textbook behind him, flipping to a marked page. He grabbed his pen and pretended to be reading a section while scratching his nose, waiting for the rest of the kids to file out. He could see her out of the corner of his eye, making her way towards him timidly. What was it about this girl that had him wanting to sweep her into his arms and keep her safe from the rest of the world? He had taught at another school before and he was used to having the teenage girls ogle him, bat their eyes at him, doodling his name in their notebooks, giggling about how hot he was. Some of them even flirted with him and a few times he flirted back but maintained the necessary boundaries. He could appreciate their beauty and their firm young bodies like any other man but he had never entertained the idea of going there. Ever. Until now, that is. This girl was dangerously pushing him close to the edge. He did everything he could to refrain from having any type of contact with her. He never called on her, never spoke with her, and always looked away whenever her eyes settled on him. If he handed back work, he made sure to toss it on her desk and walk away quickly before letting himself inhale her sweet strawberry scent a moment longer. And still, no matter what he did, no matter how hard he tried, he still felt like he could lose control at any second and risk everything he had ever worked for. Lose his career, his reputation and even possibly get arrested and serve time in prison. And with each step the girl took, he prayed for the strength he knew he did not have to resist her. The room was quiet except for the sounds of the students out in the hallway, milling about. He heard her repositioning her bag on her shoulder. He stared down at the small type. Please. Please. Please. Mmmm, strawberries. Dammit! He heard her clear her throat softly. "Mr. Black?" He took a deep breath. God, how he loved hearing that off her lips. Those sweet, perfect pink lips that were probably so soft- Dammit! He cleared his own throat and placed the book on the desk, turning to look at her. She bit her lip and looked down, holding her books tighter to her chest. "Y-You wanted to see me?" He smiled. Her voice was just so tiny, so quiet, so beautiful- He shook his head slightly. "Bella, I've noticed a drop in your grade recently and I'm a little concerned." He saw her head hang a little lower than before. He had the strongest urge to reach out and pull her to him in a hug but he made sure to keep his hands clasped together in his lap. "When we started, you had one of the top grades in the class. You always did the work and you always aced the tests. I know you know this material. So, what gives lately?" He made sure to soften his tone so it wouldn't seem as if he was chiding her. He saw her swallow and look up at him helplessly. "Umm..." A loud burst of giggles coming from the doorway made their heads snap up. Jake narrowed his eyes. There was that Cullen kid, flirting with that redhead and her friend, waiting for Bella. Jake turned back to see the fleeting pain flash across Bella's face and then leave just as fast. She turned back to face him. He inclined his head towards the door. "Is that the cause of your distraction lately?" Bella bit her lip and shook her head, looking back down. Jake narrowed his eyes further, studying her, wishing he could say something to take the pain he had seen away. But, he couldn't. That would be getting personally involved. And that he couldn't have. He sighed, rubbing his face tiredly. He needed to get this young girl out of his mind already. "Bella, I don't know what's going on in your personal life and I honestly don't care. But you need to start paying attention and pass this class. As of right now, you're down to a 'C'. I don't think I need to tell you that colleges are not going to look too kindly on that." He could see her beautiful brown eyes glistening but she looked away quickly and nodded. He went to say something, to reassure her that he wasn't trying to be harsh with her, that he was just simply looking out for her, when he heard the Cullen kid interrupt loudly from the door. "Bella! Come on! I've got to get to my next class, too, you know? I can't wait around for you forever." Jake turned towards the kid who had the shittiest smirk on his face, something he desperately wanted to knock off of him. "J-Just a minute, Edward. I'll be right there." Edward sighed exaggeratedly and rolled his eyes, turning around and throwing an arm over the redhead's shoulder and the other arm over her friend's shoulder, walking out. "Always making me wait, that girl." Jake saw Bella's face fall and he wanted nothing more than to grab onto her and hold her tight, kissing the pain away. Bella bit her lip and turned back to him, looking down again, hiding her discomfort from him. "Umm, i-is there anything else, Mr. Black?" He stared at her and saw her shifting from foot to foot nervously. "No. Just get your grades back up." "I will. Thanks." She gave him a small tight smile, her eyes still as glassy as before, and turned to walk away. "Have a nice weekend." "You, too, Bella." And he watched her hurry out the door. -DtU- Jake leaned back in his chair and sighed. He threw the pen on top of his papers, rubbed his face and glanced up at the clock. 9:10 Where did the time go? He yawned and closed his grade book. This had become somewhat his usual routine. Anytime Leah got off early, he made sure to work later or go out somewhere. She just seemed to be on his case so much lately. Ever since they had moved back to La Push and she had gotten the chance to see most of her friends married and having children, she had put pressure on him to marry her. It's not that he didn't love her. After all, they had been together since high school, but he was twenty four. He wasn't ready to settle down just yet. And she couldn't understand that. Well, might as well go home. Time to face the beast. He laughed. He felt bad referring to his girlfriend that way but she was making his life pure hell. When Leah wanted something, she didn't stop until she got it. She even had him researching rings on the net, pricing them out, until he realized what he was doing and stopped. He just wasn't ready. And tonight would be more of the same. She would tell him some story about someone she had seen today, married out of high school and then nag him, asking him when he was going to propose, whining about how she was the only unmarried girl her age in all of La Push. When he wouldn't answer and take a sip of his beer, she would get angry, pick a fight, resulting in a yelling match and him sleeping on the couch. Again. The make-up sex had always been fantastic but now, he couldn't bring himself to even kiss her, she had become so different from the way she used to be. He still loved her and he was hoping they would get through this, being that they had only been back for three months, but at times, he wasn't so sure. He had a hard time seeing the girl he had fallen