Disclaimer: While the wonderful characters of Twilight belong to Stephenie Meyer, this story is based on original characters that I've created. Please do not copy anything without my permission. This story is Rated M. Per site rules, if you are under 16, you shouldn't be reading this story. It will contain strong language and adult themes . There will also be some dark themes in this story which might be uncomfortable for some readers. You have been warned. Other Notes 1) While I typically stick to writing in one POV, this story will contain five. And as this story is about my original characters, I'd really like your feedback. 2) This story is the fifth of my Imprint Saga. The others are, in order: First Imprint (Sam's Story), Early Imprint (Quil's Story), Forbidden Imprint (Embry's Story), and my story that's still in progress, Absent Imprint (Leah's Story). I've also written two one-shots, Tempted Imprint (Collin's POV) and Apologetic Imprint (Paul's POV). While you don't have to read these stories to understand the characters and concepts I've created, it might help you as all my stories are connected. You might find it helpful to have at least read Early Imprint. Children of Characters Sam and Emily (Young) Uley – Nate & Gracie Jacob and Renesmee (Cullen) Black – Gabe & Meena (twins) Paul and Rachel (Black) Wakeh – Devlin & Sean Embry and Rebecca (Black) Call – Luke & Maggie Quil & Claire (Young) Ateara – Kayley Jared and Kim Becknell – Hanna and Hayley (twins) Collin and Lindsey Paden - Expecting And children from three of the seven unnamed wolves from Breaking Dawn: Mac and Olivia Pachena – Jason, Lucy, Joe, Alison Rafe and Manda Elwah – Arabella, Taurin, Maya William Samson – Kyran Stormy Imprint (Second Generation) My only love sprung from my only hate. To early seen unknown and known to late. Prodigious birth of love it is to me. That I must love a loathed enemy. Romeo & Juliet William Shakespeare Chapter 1 – Wedding Heard Around The World April 29, 2023 Nate's POV "What the hell is your problem?" I asked Devlin Wakeh and watched him jump. We were in the kitchen of the reception hall pigging out on leftover food. Earlier today, I watched my cousin, Claire Young, get married to the love of her life, Quil Ateara. Those two had been through hell together, but they'd made it and now were joined forever in the bonds of holy matrimony. Claire had lived with my parents, Sam and Emily Uley, since she was 15. In the five years she had stayed with us, she had become an older sister to me. I was glad for the happiness she had finally found with Quil. And yet, I'd been feeling unsettled all day, but couldn't put my finger on why. There was a nagging at the base of my neck that wouldn't ease up. I decided to solve my restlessness by doing what I did best…eating. But Dev's fidgeting was getting on my already agitated nerves. Devlin was the son of Paul Wakeh, a former wolf. He was also the great-great grandson of Ephraim Black, thanks to his mother Rachel's side of the family. He had phased a few months ago and joined the pack. For all intents and purposes, Devlin could have been our Alpha. It was in his blood after all. But the rightful heir, his uncle Jacob Black, had turned his back on the Quileute pack a long time ago. We don't pick and choose who becomes Alpha. The power has to develop naturally. And the power was never given to Devlin. Instead, I got it. My father had been the first wolf of his generation and was made Alpha by the powers that be. When Jacob had refused to accept his rightful role, my father retained his Alpha power which I then inherited. My pack was a mix of older wolves from my father's generation and newer wolves from mine. It was funny. The Uleys were never supposed to be Alphas. It shouldn't have been my responsibility. But after Jake imprinted on a half vampire named Renesmee Cullen, his fate and mine had pretty much been sealed. Jake had broken off from my father's pack before I was born and created a new one, although that pack had dissolved several years ago. Jake and his family were currently living in Vermont with the Cullen coven, though he and his wife Renesmee came back for the wedding. I knew he had a couple of kids who'd also come back with them. Apparently, I used to follow Jake's daughter around when I was a kid, but I didn't remember her. Neither she nor her twin brother had made an appearance at the wedding, though I'd overhead Jake say that both were expected at the reception. I rubbed the back of my neck as my restlessness got worse. Maybe my uneasiness was due to the fact that Jake's half-breed family was running around on my rez. Although they weren't full leeches, vampires, especially Cullen vampires, weren't exactly welcome here even with our truce. The Cullens were the reason a majority of my father's generation changed into wolves in the first place. Anytime a leech was around, it triggered the magic in our blood which caused us to phase. Though the Cullens moved away years ago, we still had bloodsuckers occasionally come to the area. Thanks to the Volturi bringing a large group of "witnesses" to Forks to see Renesmee Cullen when she was a baby, the area had seen more than its share of bloodsuckers over the years. The witnesses liked the woodsy region and came back from time to time. And it was up to me to protect the land. Shortly after I'd phased, my father's Alpha powers went dormant and I inherited the throne at the ripe old age of 15. My father and the other pack members were startled by how much power I'd been given. I didn't get it myself, but they said they could "feel" my power. I knew I was physically strong, stronger than any of the other wolves including my dad. And I knew I could command easily…not that I ever used that power. The only time I used my Alpha power was to stop Quil Ateara from killing a man who had physically attacked Claire. Quil was acting in the heat of the moment, and I didn't think he'd want murder on his conscience so I had stopped him. I hadn't even really "ordered" him. I told him to stop and he dropped to the ground, but I didn't feel any heady rush of power when I'd made the request. My father said he could always feel it when he used the Alpha power. I sometimes wondered what would happen if I ever did use my full ability. Even in human form people reacted to me. Case in point, when I asked Devlin what the hell his problem was, he had immediately flinched. I softened my tone as I looked at him again. "Seriously dude, you've been jumpy ever since the wedding," I tried to joke. I looked cautiously at Claire's brother Nick who had joined us in pigging out on the leftovers. I lowered my voice and said in a tone only Devlin could hear, "Did you imprint or something?" Imprinting wasn't as uncommon as it was once rumored to be. Put a bunch of wolves together at another wolf's wedding, throw in a bunch of women, and imprinting usually occurred. "No," Devlin answered immediately…it was a little too quick actually. I frowned at his response. He was really acting weird. Maybe he was finally acting his age. Devlin was one of the youngest wolves in our history. He was technically 11, though he was a few months shy of his 12th birthday. The youngest wolf ever was Ryan Spencer, my sister's imprint. He had only just turned 11 when he phased the first time. Ryan was one of seven wolves who changed when the Volturi came to Forks to attack the Cullens. Ryan was 29 now, but looked to be in his early 20s. Though thanks to my sister's poor treatment of him lately, his face was beginning to show a lot of strain. When Ryan was 15, he and his family moved across the country. When he turned 18, he moved back to La Push, saw my sister Gracie for the first time when she was three, and imprinted on her. They had always been extremely close. Ryan worshiped Gracie and she'd always felt the same way about him. Things changed between them when I phased for the first time. My sister and I had been arguing that day over something stupid. Now I'm for the most part a pretty laidback guy, but for some reason I got really pissed that day. Before I knew it, I had phased. My father had been coming back from patrol when he'd run into me. I had tried to attack him in return. It wasn't that I wanted to hurt him. I was acting on pure instinct. I was an Alpha in the presence of another Alpha. Two Alphas can't be near each other without wanting to kill one another. My father had read my thoughts and immediately phased back to his human form. It hadn't been enough to stop me from wanting to attack him though. I had been about to lunge when Ryan had phased and moved protectively in front of my dad. Ryan and the rest of the pack had then explained to me what was going on. But my sister had witnessed all of it. Her brother, father, and more importantly, her best friend Ryan, had all burst into large, furry, snarling beasts right in front of her. She'd been hysterical and even my mother's comforting embrace couldn't calm her. It took weeks for her to even look at me and my dad again. Unfortunately for Ryan, she wouldn't have anything to do with him. Today was the first day I had seen any sort of softening in her attitude towards him in the eight months since I'd first phased. Gracie had been paired up with Ryan for the wedding party, so she didn't really have a choice but to acknowledge him. I hoped it was a step in the right direction though. Patrolling with Ryan right now was a pain in the ass. His thoughts were constantly consumed by Gracie, which was just a tad bit uncomfortable for me. Thank God they weren't dating yet. If they ever got over Gracie being a shit and moved on to the next phase of their imprint, I'd have to schedule Ryan and me to patrol on different shifts. No freaking way was I going to be in his head if he and Grace had just spent a day making out…or worse! My disturbing thoughts were suddenly distracted when I caught scent of the most incredible smell I had ever encountered. It was a mix of forest and wildflowers. It was addicting and overpowering at the same time. I tried to ignore it and concentrate on the food in front of me. The restless feeling was getting worse, and I began to feel sharp tugs on the base of my spine. I rubbed my back, but the nagging didn't ease up. I wanted to leave the kitchen. I wanted to go into the reception area. The urge was too strong and I finally gave into it. "I'm going to get back to the party," I told Nick and Devlin. Nick was busy shoving food in his mouth and only nodded. Devlin was playing with the olives on his plate with a frown. I'd seriously have to figure out what the hell was wrong with him later. For now, I had to get back to the reception. I felt like I had an invisible lasso tied around