Hello! This is my new story! It is the day of Harry and Ginny's wedding! Draco will come in later in the story, but for now, I hope you these next couple of chapters and the little world I have set up for the purpose of continued love and adoration for the characters! This is a Muggledom story, so Hogwarts is a prestigious boarding school in Scotland, where Hermione gained a scholarship to study there. 0-0-0-0 Chapter One Hermione On the day of the funeral, many of his past students attended, including Albus Dumbledore's godson, Tom Riddle. Riddle, the drastically handsome bachelor brought up in London, had only a few words to say of the situation, accompanied by his long-term girlfriend, Alyssa Robertson. He stated that, "Albus Dumbledore was both a brilliant and a good man, inside and outside of the school. He will be greatly missed in my case, and I am sure in many others." Riddle also answered a question about the state of the school and that the previous Headmaster would be replaced by Minerva McGonnagoll, his long-time Deputy. Very few other attendees wished to comment on the tragedy which that day called into account. According to inside knowledge, many people in attendance were given time to say a few words and the length of the funeral was changed to accommodate. Additionally, Harry Potter is said to have delivered a short eulogy - as per Riddle's request - but he was unavailable for comment after the funeral. He was accompanied by fellow class-mates, Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger, and his fiancée, Givevra Weasley. Albus' brother, Aberforth, commented that the event was "what Albus deserved," and that the "whole thing was rather brilliant, in a sad way." This pertains to the small party following the funeral, as more of a celebration of life than a declaration of death. I stop reading at this point and absorb the moment. I then fold the paper in half at the centre crease, and half again so it will fit into my shoulder bag. The chair rattles beneath me as I change position to cross my legs. It clanks heftily in protest but I ignore. Instead, I think about last Thursday: the day in which I donned all black for the mourning, despite the surprisingly hot May afternoon. Not too dissimilar from today. Harry and Ginny really did pick a good day to get married. Halfway between the wetness of spring and the gloried and yet stifling heat of summer. Instead of glistening in raindrops, the sunlight swathes the paths and grounds all around, glinting off mental table tops in the café I sit in. Warm enough to be pleasant, but cool enough for me to have to carry the cobalt jacket laying across the arm of the chair. Phone placed on the table, not having been sent a text since six-thirty this morning. From Ginny. It was a surprise, given my friend's dislike for such a device, and her interminable stress of the day ahead. I check the time on the phone, knowing the alternative or riffling through messages would get me nowhere, and know it is time to go. I leave a five pound note on the table - enough to cover my bill - next to the now-cold cup of coffee. Google maps tells me it will likely take around ten minutes to walk to the prestigious mansion on the other side of time, but maybe I can slow it to fifteen at a nice and leisurely place. Why not take advantage of the picturesque little village, shadowed by the glorious mansion on the edge. I've got the time, and then even more time after that before the festivities begin. Harry Potter. Getting married. Who would have thought? And to Ginny Weasley? Shocker. He's always been obtuse about girls and their reasons for ridiculous behaviour, but now he's well and truly in love. With a ridiculous girl. The bold, red-headed Ginny Weasley, who was sister to our best friend, Ron. At twenty-four... Ready to settle down. Dreadfully sweet, in my opinion. Ron is not so sure. However, I have been the one to endure the late nights talking with Ginny about Harry during school, and then sixth form and the years to follow. I remember her rushing over to my flat to tell me about how Harry proposed and how perfect it was and that she wanted me to be maid of honour, and I said that of course I would. She said it would be perfect because Ron would be best man and it would work well with us being together. Not that my relationship with Ron lasted much longer, following that conversation with Ginny. Maybe a month after Harry proposed, Ron and I broke up. Google suggest turning down a thin alley filled with crumpled beer cans and strewn rubbish. No thank you. I skip this option and opt for a normal looking road, filled with streetlamps and absolutely a seemingly less chance of being molested. Unfortunately, the walking time increases to twelve minutes. Alas, it is no matter. I have my most comfortable shoes on and a purpose; a place to be. No beer cans, streetlamps, and no fear. Nothing can go wrong! A comforting thought. My friends would certainly agree with this course rather than Google's suggestion. Don't trust everything you read on the internet, kids. Ha. Fourteen short minutes later and I arrive back at the mansion-like hall I had reached earlier in the day. Before my excursion to the café to get some air and to relax before the sure-to-be-mental day ahead. Weddings are always like that. Weasley's are certainly like that as well. Bound to be a recipe for some kind of disaster. Especially with the Weasley twins - double-trouble applies, for sure. Despite the walk being two minutes longer than Google informed, I am nowhere near late. My luggage is already sorted in my room and my dress is out. Gosh. Bridesmaid dress. I have only ever been one once before - for my Auntie Sandra when I was nine years old. That was a horrible experience. I can only hope that this day will not hold the same promises as that one had done. Nine years old is the age when you've grown and you look so big and grown up and you look so beautiful and old family members are allowed to comment on every aspect of your being. Oh well. Hopefully Ron remembered to pick up the extra few things from my apartment when they left earlier. I walk up the long drive to the mansion, gravel crunching beneath my toes. It's not an unexpected size, you could say. Ginny having big dreams, and Harry being from a rich family - his father is rich, so, naturally, Harry is as well (not that he acts that way). The entire place is gorgeous. Harry has clearly actually splashed some cash for the special day - he dotes on Ginny accordingly, which is incredibly sweet. The Portland stone making up the mansion, and the huge proportions. Windows that glint in the soft morning sunlight, dotted innumerably over the building, in panes of nine and twelve. Pillars stand aside the mahogany door, guards the no-doubt glamorous world inside. I brave them and step inside for the second time today. Vanishing from in between the luscious lawns and my attention suddenly grabbed by the even more luxurious insides of the mansion. Deep red drapes over the enormous windows, glittering chandeliers adorning the ceiling, and the vast staircase to the left of the entrance. It was much like Hogwarts. But... Wedding-ed. The grand staircase's banister is covered with a white silk stream. Vases of flowers litter the tables and window seats, ready to be put out for the momentous occasion. And this is only the entrance. I close the door behind me. A sense of finality. A group of several people shuffle through the room to the right into the one straight ahead, carrying carefully packed boxes. They don't spare a glance for me. Probably carrying delicate decorations so fair enough that they should be concentrating. My shoes tap on the wooden flooring as I step off from the rich purple welcome mat, which makes me feel a little self-conscious. Everything really does look beautiful. I suppose they must have some sort of wedding planner. Harry Potter is not known for his fashion sense, and Ginny does not care for that sort of thing either. Maybe, for this occasion, they tried a little harder...? I don't know. On any other occasion, I suppose that I would expect colour clashes. Perhaps that's just Ron. I still remember the birthday party he threw me and how he seemed to put every wrong colour in every wrong place. Sweet. Hilarious. Mocked, a lot. At least the flowers are in variety so expel the colour I expected. I wander over to them and breathe in the strong scent. Roses, bluebells, daffodils, sunflowers. Some of those definitely are not in season in Britain. I can only imagine the cost of importing flowers. Such delicate things. "Hermione!" The next thing I hear is the crashing footsteps of the bride-to-be, Ginny Weasley, before I am crushed in one of those special Weasley hugs. All enveloping and completely suffocating. And utterly wonderful. "You're here!" Ginny exclaims and takes a step back from me to look me up and down with a glorious grin spreading across her pale face. Her hair is half-up in rollers and looks a little damp, still. She has no qualms with it, though and merely beams at the current wedding-world around her. "Maid of honour, reporting for duty," I say with a smile and Ginny laughs light-heartedly. "This place looks amazing!" Ginny laughs again and nods. "Everyone has been so good. It really does feel like a special day." She glances briefly at the blue skies outside. "Even the weather is being good to us. It's unusually warm - we've had the windows open!" I laugh and Ginny subconsciously bounces on her toes. "Excited?" I ask. She is dressed in a pair of jeans and button-up shirt. Presumably so she can easily get her dress on after her hair and make-up is done. She nods, reminding me of Harry and also of a puppy. "Absolutely," she half-shouts. Then stretches out her arms and rolls her shoulders. Clearly having some sort of wave of happiness. "I am so excited, Hermione. Unfortunately," she begins in a low voice and coming closer. "I have to check on the cake before anyone can continue doing my hair!" She laughs. "Thank God the bride is always right otherwise I would not be getting my way." "Your mum is being a bit...?" I begin, a question in my voice. "Of a nightmare, yes?" Ginny says with a very small frown. But then she smiles again and I know it's not bothering her all that much. "The hair bit will be terribly boring, and I need to do this anyway!" "The cake is important!" I say in mock outrage. She laughs again and reaches to hug me again. "Right, must go!" She says, pulling away. She looks a little harried, again looking a little like her mother. With the bright eyes flitting from one spot to the next, clearly making a list inside her love-induced-happy mind. "I'll go and put my dress on and see you in your room in a bit," I tell her, knowing I should leave her to it. "Okay," she laughs, coming back to her senses for a moment. "I hope the boys are okay," she muses. "Would you check on them? They're probably not even ready." I nod in agreement and say my assent, "I'll check on them and report back to you." "Thanks a million!" She hugs me her thanks and disappears, racing, through the doors through which the team of decorators went through earlier. I sigh in