Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. This is a work of fiction all characters are fictional and not named after specific people. There will be hints of smut. This is rated mature. If you do not like M/M then please click away. This story is not perfect, I didn't have much time to edit Sorry. Draco Malfoy was late for work. The problem was he was never late for work. That was why for the first time in the six years he had started working for the ministry, as the head of the Management of Ancient Articles Department. He was stuck in an elevator with one Harry Potter. Usually this would not be an issue as Draco prided himself on always beating the morning rush. Being squished in a box with other people distressed him greatly. After the first panic attack, and frenzied self-cleaning resulting from that incident, Draco had promised himself that he would arrive precisely ten minutes before he was due for work. To explain his lateness; the night before he had stayed rather late to finish a document of grave importance to the minister. He had received the note late due to an intern's incompetence. Thus his entire schedule had been backed up by ten minutes. After six years of exactly the same schedule, it was ruined by ten minutes. Draco sighed internally. That was not the issue at the moment though. The issue was Potter's arse rubbing against him rather perfectly. Oh bugger! No, Potter's arse isn't perfect! Draco grit his teeth as the elevator came to a jolting halt and even more people filled the impossibly full elevator. Draco wanted to scream as the soft warm globes pressed even more firmly into his pelvis. Draco closed his eyes pained. How could he have let this happen? No wait! How could Potter have let this happen? Potter wasn't even supposed to be on this elevator. Wait. Ah, that's right the higher ups elevator was broken. Blast it! The elevator swung to the side abruptly, and Draco couldn't hold back the gasp that escaped his throat as Harry's hips circled against him. Shit. He was starting to react. Stupid Potter and his gloriously soft bottom! No, it wasn't Potter. Draco held back a scream. It was just that he hadn't had sex in, wait, how long ago did he last have sex? Ah, yes, the bloke in the bar eight months ago. The brief moment of elation at remembering this small tidbit, abruptly left as Draco realized how pathetic his life had become. Had he really not had sex in eight months? The elevator jolted again and Harry's hips wiggled against his now very firm member. Please don't feel that, please. Draco felt his lungs expand as a few people left the elevator. Potter moved forward a little bit, and Draco couldn't help but notice the encroaching redness around the collar of Potter's robes. He already knew his face would be just as red if his father hadn't beaten it into him that Malfoy's don't get embarrassed. Draco tried to move his arm. Maybe if he could put his briefcase in front of his privates, he would stop thinking about things that were rather left unthought-of. It was a novel idea until the next rush of people pushed in the elevator resulting in once again a warm soft mass pressing against him. He sucked in a sharp breath as Potter's body slid up against his. His dick was now softly pressing into the warm apex of Potter's thighs. Draco clenched his teeth and thanked Merlin that he was wearing robes today. He was rather large, but even still he was sure the only way Potter noticed his erection was due to their closeness. Honestly, how much longer was this ride going to take? Draco looked over Potter's shoulder and smirked. It seemed he and Potter had the same problem; although, Potter had been able to put his briefcase in front of his crotch. Otherwise the chatty wizards in front of them would also have experienced a little something extra to their morning. The door opened to Draco's floor and with frenzied determined politeness Draco managed to force his way into his department. Automatically his briefcase swung to hide his problem. Years of training kept his face relaxed, and his posture perfect. He nodded politely at the head of the finance department, Aemie Werthne, and listened as his secretary droned on and on about the new documents he needed to research. The foolish boy wouldn't take a hint. With a grimace Draco finally arrived at his office door, and he gratefully hid behind the thick wooden doors. He used to bemoan the fact that his office had no windows, but now he had never felt more grateful for the privacy. A few moments Draco sat numbly. He had gotten hard from Potter's ass. He was still hard from the memory. Despite the morning drudgery, Draco's erection had not flagged. With a guttural moan of frustration Draco grabbed a thick sheath of papers. He needed to finish these quickly if he was going to fit a lay into his schedule. *Timeskip* Draco sighed and looked at the clock. He had finally finished everything but he only had thirty minutes until he would have been able to leave anyway. His fingers drifted to his temples and he clenched his eyes at the pounding pain behind his eyes. Sometimes, it felt as if he was the only person with a brain in this department. All day he had corrected mistake after mistake. The frustration of not being able to move forward as quickly as he wanted had definitely worn on his desire to seek pleasure later. Instead all he wanted to do was go home and sleep the frustration away. He got up ready to leave when a single piece of paper appeared in his invoice box. With clenched teeth he grabbed the paper. Honestly how did people leave their work till so late? He forced himself to read the paper and his mouth dropped at the name at the bottom. Potter had sent him an invoice. Why would Potter send him anything? With his curiosity piqued Draco began to read the short letter. Malfoy, Come to my office. Harry Potter Potter wanted him to come to his office. Draco felt a knot of unease in his stomach. Why did Potter want to see him? With shaking hands Draco stood and gathered up what he needed to take home this evening. With slow steps Draco made his way to the elevator, nodding politely at Mr. Marks as he left. This time the elevator was empty as he slowly made his way up to the Auror Department. With each floor his heart seemed to plummet even further in his chest. Surely Potter didn't want to speak about the elevator incident did he? The door opened and Draco mechanically stepped into the Auror department. His eyes widened as he observed the frenzied activity of all the witches and wizards in the room. He looked at his watch and frowned. Shouldn't these people go home? It was almost eight o'clock for goodness sakes. Draco hurriedly moved through the room avoiding aurors as they flitted around him yelling and screaming all at once. With relief he reached the entrance of Harry's office. He lifted his hand to knock and felt rather ridiculous as the door swung open. Of course Potter would have a self-opening door. He rolled his eyes and entered the room. Potter was standing behind his desk looking into a small mirror in his hand and nodding fervently. When he saw Draco his eyes widened and he told the mirror that he would call them back later. Draco sat when Potter gestured for him to take a seat. Potter sat a moment after Draco did and proceeded to stare at Draco. The intensity of his stare made Draco shift uncomfortably. "Auror Potter, there was something you needed to see me for?" Potter blinked and he leaned back in his chair a pensive look on his face. "Are you gay Malfoy?" Draco choked on his spit. He stared at Potter his mouth agape. Had the idiot seriously just asked if he was gay!? Draco felt annoyed, was Potter one of those anti-gay people. With narrowed eyes Draco spat out his answer. "Yeah I am. You got a problem with that Potter." Potter frowned at Draco's answer. "I wasn't insulting you. I have a proposition for you Malfoy." Draco sat his brow wrinkled with annoyance. He raised an eyebrow and smirked. "My I didn't think you swung that way Potter." With a slight twinge to his cheeks Potter responded his hands clenched on the desk. He sighed and pulled out a file. He held out the file for Draco. "I need you to read this and come in tomorrow morning if you decide you want to help." "Help? What is this all about Potter?" "If you read the file you will know. I will be here by 9:00am tomorrow. You can walk in till ten, after that you will have to wait till after everyone leaves. . . I hope to see you tomorrow Draco." Draco stood with a frown. That was rather a polite dismissal. He nodded his head at Potter and walked out of the Auror's office. He looked back to see Potter once again putting quill to paper. He looked at his watch, it was now after eight. Potter came in at nine and probably left much later than everyone else. A flash of pity fluttered in his stomach. With a sigh Draco placed the file in his briefcase and he walked to the floo to go home. He probably wouldn't have time to find someone to sleep with tonight. Draco was home sitting on his couch engrossed in the file. He hadn't been able to wait very long before curiosity had won out. He was still in his work uniform for goodness sakes. His eyes skimmed over the document for the second time in disbelief. Apparently some crazy wizard was going around and murdering the gay wizarding community. Well perhaps not to that extreme, but he was going around and cutting people up pretty badly. Draco felt his eyebrows draw together as he glared at the page in front of him. He sighed and threw the document on the seat beside him. He wanted to help he really did. The only problem was on page two. He now knew the reason Potter wanted him to be the one to do this. Not only because of his similar features to the victims, but because all the victims had the mark. Draco rubbed his arm anxiously. He had no choice, he bet the criminal would come after him soon enough. He looked down at the picture of the blond man standing with his shirt off painfully showing off his body covered with line after line of barely healed scars. He probably was going to have to regrow his skin. Draco grimaced and fell to lie on his back. His eyes fluttered closed and he absently set his wand aside. He had made his decision. He would do it, if only to avenge the young men who had been scarred in more ways than physically. Timeskip* Draco entered the elevator quickly. He ran a self-conscious hand through his hair. Once again he was late, well late for him. He had forgotten to set his alarm and he had to hurry through his morning routine, but even then he was nine minutes later than he wanted to be. Draco closed his eyes a chagrined expression on his face. They snapped open when he felt someone press up against his body. His eyes widened as they took in amused green eyes. Harry was staring at him a small smile playing on the corners of his mouth. "Are you coming, to my office today Draco?" The