Disclaimer: Any recognizable characters and places associated with the Lord of the Rings are creations of J.R.R. Tolkien and property of Tolkien Enterprises. No money is being made off of this story, it is for entertainment only. I do however, own the characters of Celavial, Sîrwen, Aranel, Haldan and some Breelanders. Rating: Pg 13 mostly, R in some places for violence, death, and major angst Genre: Hurt/Comfort : Angst : Action/Adventure Characters: Elladan/Elrohir/Gilraen/OC. Later on Elrond/Arwen Synopsis: Following the death of Arathorn, Master Elrond decides to bring the little Aragorn to Rivendell for his own protection and sends a group to accomplish this task. But there is always a cost to be paid when great deeds are to be done. Our adventurers come to find their journey will not be as easy as they had hoped. Along the way the long years of Elladan's life begin to weigh on his soul and he must find the will within himself to carry on or risk fading away. Dedications : Thank you to Hobbit-eyes for the idea behind this story! It was a most superb suggestion and I had to act on it. So Hobbit-eyes...this story is dedicated to you. Note: - This entire story has been edited, which may have changed the content slightly for returning readers. If you are new to this story, then welcome! This story is very lengthy. This particular story is also very drama/angst filled as it progresses, so grab the tissues. Lots of tissues. Warnings: Character deaths, violence, adult situations, and the big one - major angst. All That is Gold Chapter 1: The Third Arrow I shall not die of a cold. I shall die of having lived. - Willa Cather Spring of the Year 2933 of the Third Age Thud. The arrow took the orc in the throat and it fell to the ground with a muffled gurgle. "Not bad for an old man," teased the dark-haired elf. "Old man indeed," replied the lone human. The human huffed at the elf, slung the bow over his shoulder, and slipped off his horse leaving the still smiling mounted elf behind. The human carefully walked over to another dark-haired elf while scanning the ground. The signs were clear to him, but habit made him ask. "Mani naa ta, Elladan?" Elladan, who was kneeling down, looked up in response to the human's question and a smile spread across his face. "Why do you still ask, ianter?" Old one? The human rolled his eyes and sighed. Why did they always have to get into these moods when he was traveling with them? Elladan noticed the frown on his friend's face as he stood. "I apologize Arathorn, if I have offended you, for you are still young for one of your descent." Arathorn was a bit shocked. It was rare indeed for either son of Elrond to relent that easily. "No, my friend, you have not. But him," he said with a twinkle in his eyes and a slight nod towards the mounted Elrohir, "on the other hand." Elladan's eyes lit up as he caught on. He shook his head sadly. "I know what you mean. He has been that way for years, ever since the oliphant incident...I shall gladly help you redress your grievances." "I heard that," the afore mention elf called dryly. The two shared a devious smile until Arathorn turned series. "These tracks suggest the orc was not alone. What could such a horde be up to?" Arathorn saw Elladan's eyes smolder at the question. "Nothing good I can assure you. Whatever it is I suggest we inspect it a little closer." "Very well, my friend." The three companions followed the orc tracks and occasionally dismounted to make sure of the trail. The three stopped and Arathorn, being his turn, dismounted to inspect the tracks. He bent down for a closer look and frowned. Two groups of orcs had split off from the main band. He rose and walked back to his horse. The sons of Elrond could easily see the signs off worry on the ranger's face. "What is wrong?" asked Elrohir. "Two smaller groups have split from the main one and have headed off in opposite directions." "I do not like the signs of that." Elrohir looked at his brother and raised an eyebrow. "A trap do you think?" "Mayhap, but how would they know we are behind them?" answered the other elf. "Elladan is right. It is unlikely that they would know we are here. I suggest we continue to follow the main group," the ranger suggested. Elrohir still looked skeptical. "I am not so sure, Arathorn, but if you wish to continue on I will, of course, come with you." Elladan, Elrohir, and Arathorn continued to follow the main group. They came up to a narrow trail with a short drop off on one side and a rock outcropping on the other. All three halted as a sense of uneasiness swept through them. "The tracks continue across hear and they look fairly recent. They could not be far ahead of us now," the ranger said not realizing he was almost whispering. "I do not like the looks of this place at all," whispered Elrohir. "Me neither. Arathorn, Elrohir I think it is time to turn around," Elladan put in. "I do not believe it. Even for the most obvious mishaps, I have never seen either of you turn around, but I have full faith in the both of you. If the sons of Elrond feel a foreboding, it is good enough for me." Elladan was not paying any attention to Arathorn. He was staring intently behind them. "I believe it is too late for that." At his brother's word Elrohir turned his head and listened in the direction Elladan was staring. "I believe you are right brother." Arathorn could not yet hear anything, but he trusted in his elven companions' senses enough to know that something or more precisely many somethings were approaching. "How many?" he asked quickly. Elladan turned to him and smiled roguishly. "You probably don't want to know. Across the pass!" Elrohir, in the front, seemed to agree with taking the risk and wheeled his horse around. He rode carefully over the loose rocks with Arathorn behind him and Elladan in the rear. Elrohir was just about to reach the end when he first heard the first crack. With no room to turn around he pushed his horse to clear the ledge and turned just as the rocks began to fall. Elrohir reached for Arathorn who was right behind him. He managed to grab hold of the human's hand and held tight. Having a hold of the ranger he glanced up and watched in horror as Elladan and his horse, seemingly in slow motion, were swept over the side and disappeared. Reassuring himself that everything would be all right somehow, Elrohir focused on the task at hand. Arathorn's horse was loosing its footing. A large boulder crashed down heading for Arathorn and Elrohir pulled on the ranger's arm with all of his strength. He uprooted the ranger, but his horse was the quicker. The horse saw the danger coming and reared high in the air to give the rock room to pass without grazing it's rider. The sudden movement ripped Arathorn's hand out of the elf's grasp and Elrohir was thrown backwards to go skidding in the dirt while the uprooted Arathorn was carried over the side. Elladan felt a sharp pain in his side as he was struck by a rock and knocked from his horse. Knowing his horse was probably right behind him Elladan tried to roll clear of the animal as he fell and, somewhere in the back of his mind, it registered that at least he wasn't crushed yet. More rocks assaulted him, though, as he tumbled to the ground below to land hard stunned amongst the pile. Elladan groaned as he hit the ground and instinctively brought his arms up to cover his head as dirt, pebbles, and rocks fell around and on top of him. It took Elladan's mind a moment to realize that he wasn't cart wheeling downward anymore and he took a deep breath, which only sent him into a coughing fit as he inhaled dust. Arathorn desperately tried to grip Elrohir's hand back. He was taken off guard when his hand was suddenly ripped away and he found himself without a horse underneath him. He bounced and rolled down over the ledge and down to the ground below. One battered ranger shook his head to clear it and shakily pushed himself onto his knees. He looked up to where he had just been a second ago and said a silent thanks to the Valar that he was caught just at the fringes of the rock slide and not fully in it. He also told himself to thank Elrohir later for keeping him from being swept away with the worst of it, although, it would seem his poor horse wasn't as lucky. The poor beast lay broken and battered a few feet from him, half buried under debris. His heart was grieved for the lose of such a noble beast and he silently thanked the animal for it's loyal companionship. Arathorn sucked in a breath as a fact struck him… Elladan had been behind him. He frantically scanned the area with his eyes. His eyes spotted movement and he heard a slight groan followed by violent coughing. Arathorn scrambled over the rocks, not caring that they dug deep into his hands or knees, and came to a halt next to Elladan who was unsteadily getting to his feet. He helped the ashen, dusty elf up and supported him with a supportive arm around his waits. Arathorn tried to scan the elf for injuries. "Elladan, are you alright?" Although Elladan couldn't stop coughing long enough to answer him, Arathorn was somewhat relieved when the elf did give him a look that plainly said are you daft? He smiled inwardly, couldn't be too bad then. Their attention was diverted when they both looked up to see Elrohir half running and half sliding down the side of the bank towards them and waving his arms frantically in the air. Above Elladan's hacking they could hear him yelling for them to stop gawking at him and move, because they were here. The whom part was answered as an orc burst clear of the trees to come running toward the stunned elf and ranger. Arathorn drew his sword to defend his still recovering friend, but the creature lurched backwards as an arrow slammed into it's chest. Elrohir leapt the remaining distance and landed lightly next to the ranger and his brother. "As I was saying, we are about to be beset. Fly!" Elrohir supported his brother while casting him a concerned look and Arathorn took the lead. Arathorn could now here the sounds of the orcs coming towards them and the three headed back the way Elrohir came. "Elrohir, you can let go," Elladan rasped out through a dusty and dry throat. Elrohir smirked at his brother, but did not relinquish his hold. One of the orcs appeared in front of them. He seemed more surprised to be this close to his prey than they did. He brought a bow up to fire at the three. Arathorn, never giving it a chance to fire, sprung at the creature and split its bow in half with a mighty swing of his sword. After the bow splintered in the orc's grasp the ranger reversed his swing and sliced through the orc's throat. He turned to face the twins behind him. "Great, they have archers," he stated grimly. "We have to get out of here before we get are encompassed," Elladan said meekly. Elrohir nodded in agreement and gave a shrill whistle. Elladan looked to his brother. "Your horse cannot carry us all, brother." Elrohir nodded again and Elladan