Disclaimer: Any recognizable characters, places, or ideas associated with the Lord of the Rings are the creations of J.R.R. Tolkien and are the property of Tolkien Enterprises. This is a strictly fan based story made for entertainment purposes only. Rating: Pg. 13 to be safe Genre: Action/Adventure: Angst Characters: Aragorn, Elladan, Elrohir, Legolas, Gimli, Faramir mainly, but meant to be an ensemble piece Timeline: : Set shortly after the wedding of Arwen Evenstar to Aragorn Elessar. Synopsis: Bookverse . After the destruction of the One Ring, Aragorn is determined to rid the shadow from Mordor, but not all evil has left the tortured land after the Dark Lord was destroyed and Elladan is plagued with dreams of something still lurking in Minas Morgul. When the twins and Faramir become trapped in the ravaged land, will Aragorn put everything he holds dear at risk to save them? Author's Note: Hello all! That's right, I'm at it again, another LotR's story. The start of this story does not mean I will not finish All That is Gold, on the contrary, it means I'm back in the mood to write LotR's! This story is on par with ATG, as I am trying to make it very Tolkienesque. Heaven's help me, it's hard! Heh. I do plan on having a very healthy helping of Legolas, Aragorn, Faramir, and the twins in this story. But it may very well feature the points of view of some other characters such as Gandalf, Eomer, and Éowyn. You'll find I like to switch the POV from one moment to the next, especially in battle. This chapter is dialog extensive, but we have to get our story rolling along somehow. Ah yes, and one final note, this story is labeled bookverse, but the authoress has chosen to leave out the Scouring of the Shire. July, 3019 of the Third Age Chapter 1: The White Company Departs It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. - Ralph Waldo Emerson Faramir stepped out onto the balcony into the crisp morning air. The first pale strands of light had barely touched the white city as the sun had not yet risen above the horizon. Sleep still hung heavy over the land and the Steward knew, for a time, all would be at peace before the bustle of the day began. Faramir let the predawn silence comfort him. This was one of his favorite times of the day. The calm before the storm, the thought brought a slight smile on his face. The man liked this particular place to watch the sun rise for two reasons. One, no one ever ventured out here so early, and two, it afforded a magnificent view of the White Tower. It was still very early, but watching the sun rise was well worth losing a little sleep over. Faramir was sure that no matter how many times he saw it, he would never tire of watching the first rays of dawn reflect off the White Tower of Ecthelion. The Steward waited patiently in the cool, still air. His penetrating gaze swept over the city far below as he stood. For all that had happened during the siege of Minas Tirith and at the Battle of Pelennor Fields, as they were now calling it, the city had escaped extensive damage. The first two levels of the city had been damaged, the first level set afire, and the great gate destroyed. Walls and buildings on the upper levels had been damaged by the catapults. But as a whole, the city could be far worse off. Boromir would have been glad indeed that their city had survived. The great lose in life defending the city still made Faramir's heart heavy with grief though. As for Faramir, the overwhelming darkness the nazgul's arrow had caused was vanquished, thanks to the effort of his King. Though the wound no longer made his heart sink, it still pained him from time to time, especially at night. It was as though even in death the wraiths still wished to cause malice in this world. But for all the physical trouble the wound still caused, the Steward refused to let it trouble his heart. Gondor and Rohan had survived the war. Their kingdom once again had a strong and wise King at it's head. A noble and royal queen of elves and men at his side. And strong allies in Rohan. Elves and dwarves would once again help make Gondor strong as there was already talk of returning Ithilien to it's former glory. And to top it off, and Faramir's personal favorite he might add, the Lady Éowyn of Rohan had stolen his heart. Much to his delight, during the trails of being left behind to wait out the outcome of the alliance's last stand, Éowyn had found Faramir held her heart as well. There was much work to be done, but gates could be rebuilt, friendships forged anew, crops resown. The dark lord was no more, and Minas Tirith still stood. That was all that mattered. If those that had survived the war used their time to make the world a peaceful place, then the sacrifice of those that had fallen was not in vain. At least that was how Faramir saw it. With a gentle smile the Steward's thoughts turned once again to the White Lady of Rohan. Éowyn had departed only yesterday with Eomer King and his host, and surprisingly, Legolas and Gimli. Éowyn returned to her homeland to help rebuild Rohan under it's new king, with a promise to return to his side. Faramir was interrupted from his thoughts as he heard the door behind him open. He turned to see Gandalf and Aragorn step through the same door he had exited minutes before. The Steward was slightly surprised. Not many rose so early and hardly anyone came up here to watch the sun rise. Faramir nodded his head to the two in greeting. The Steward held great respect for the two. Gandalf was a long time friend and mentor and his Lord Elessar was an enigma to the younger man, ranger, warrior and healer. The great man could be dressed in the poorest of clothes imaginable, and still look kingly. "Ah," Gandalf said merrily, "we are not the only ones with the same idea this morn." "I fear we have intruded on a private spot, my friend," Aragorn said with some insight. "Not at all, my lord," Faramir replied kindly, "the sun's first rays on the White Tower are something I would not wish for anyone to miss. I would enjoy your company." Gandalf gave a slight chuckle before he spoke and Aragorn glanced over to the old wizard with a knowing twinkle in his eyes. "If it is company you seek Faramir, then I believe you shall have no want for it this morning!" Before the steward could decipher the Istari's words even more movement caught his keen eyes. The door opened yet once again as the twins sons of Elrond came out onto the balcony. "Are we late?" one called lightly. Faramir still had a hard time telling the twins apart and was relieved when Gandalf answered first. "You two are the only elves in recorded history that could sleep late enough to rival a hobbit." "That's a rather unfair assessment, my brother and I have been busy of late in the Halls of Healing. Besides, here we are while the little ones still slumber," the same one said with mock indignation. "Speak for yourself Elrohir," the other one began, "I for one enjoyed my rest without Gimli's snoring to keep me awake." Aragorn couldn't help the slight laugh that escaped him before he cleared his throat and quieted down. Faramir hide a gentle smile. Though he had spoken Sindarin for most of his life, actually being in the company of elves was quit the experience. He never imagined the Eldar could be so regal and wise, yet playful at the same time. And Faramir had been around this particular group of friend's long enough to know they meant no serious offense to each other. Long had Gandalf had a close friendship with the elves and the House of Elrond in particular. "I think there would be a very indignant dwarf after your head were he here, Elladan," Aragorn replied trying to keep the smile from his face. "Yes well, said dwarf is not here and for that, my elven ears are glad." Aragorn tried to come to Gimli's defense in his absence, but the ex-ranger had traveled long with the dwarf and he knew about the snoring. A fact Legolas was loath to let the dwarf forget, much to Gimli's chagrin. "I admit I am surprised by Master Gimli and Legolas' early departure," Faramir finally spoke up. "Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel are to depart Minas Tirith today. Gimli explained he could not bare to say farewell to the Lady one more time and so left before her departure. Legolas accompanied the dwarf explaining that someone need look after the star struck dwarf. They are to return to their own people for a time. But my heart tells me they will return soon," Aragorn answered. "They are an odd pairing," Elladan chimed in. "But a rather right one," Elrohir finished. "There are many strange things in this world," Gandalf began looking thoughtful, "some for good and evil. But I find that friendship to fall into the former. Their friendship is solid and true and I find that comforting. If those two can overcome their differences, then there is still hope that some of the distrust between the dwarves and elves can be overcome in the coming days." Faramir was going to add his consent to the wizard's thinking when the son's of Elrond turned suddenly to the ever busy balcony door. Faramir had to keep a calm expression on his face as out came Celeborn and Galadriel themselves. The Lady of Lórien wore a simple, yet elegantly studded white dress and walked hand in hand with her silver haired spouse. And much to Faramir's astonishment, Master Elrond followed with the Lady Arwen on his arm. Faramir wasn't a man to get intimidated easily. And he liked to think he wasn't now. But standing on a balcony with with just about every noble elf and human lord and lady in Arda was a might daunting. The Steward felt very unworthy indeed to be in the company of such a lordly group. "It appears we are right on time," Elrond announced with a smile. "Cutting it a little close, aren't you? The sun will crest the mountains any moment," Gandalf asked with a raised white, bushy eyebrow. "You did get us out here for this event Mithrandir. Had you said there was to be a social gathering before hand, we would have come earlier," Celeborn answered calmly. Faramir heard what he thought was a concealed giggle from Elrohir and looked to see that there was a mischievous light to the Lord Celeborn's eyes that had not been noticeable in his voice. "I for one look forward to seeing the White Tower flourish with light. It is an event I have never witnessed before and I have a feeling I will never again have the chance to see it," Galadriel said with a gentle smile. "The sun is rising, perhaps we should watch," Arwen got everyone's attention, eyes dancing with amusement. All eyes turned to the horizon. Faramir felt a mighty, but friendly gaze on him and turned his head to see Galadriel smile warmly at him. The Lady's eyes held merriment. The look of a friend. Suddenly the anxiety he felt at being unworthy of such company melted away and he found himself smiling back without thinking. Galadriel's smile turned gentle and she once again turned her eyes back to the horizon. The whole of Gondor seemed to draw