BPOV It was Friday evening and Edward was returning back from his business trip after 2 weeks. We were madly in love and the last 2 weeks had been tough for both of us. It was the first time we had been away for so long. It was close to 6 and he would be home soon. I was waiting for him - my master -in our playroom - naked and kneeling on the mat. Edward had asked me yesterday if I wanted to forgo our 'playtime' this weekend as we have been separated for so long. I had told him no - after so much time away, I just wanted to give myself to him completely. Instead we had decided to end it earlier than usual - we were going to end it at 6:30 am on Saturday, instead of the usual 3 pm on Sunday. This would give us the playtime we both needed as well as most of the weekend to be as a couple. I heard his car come in the patio and moments after quick footsteps entering the house. I could hear him abandoning the luggage in the foyer and coming down the stairs to the playroom in a hurry. Ahhhh... Someone was eager and impatient. And then I heard the door of the playroom open and felt his presence. A smile came on my lips. Oh my God how I wanted to get up and run to him, be in his arms and look at his face. But I kept kneeling and did not lift my eyes - the submissive had no right to look at her master without permission however much she may love him. After what felt like an eternity, he entered the room and walked over to stand infront of me. He placed his hands on my shoulders and asked - ''How are you, my pet?'' Oh, his voice was so full of love, silken, as if caressing me with his voice alone. It took all of my control to not hug him this very moment. Instead, I replied in a calm voice - ''Your girl is very good now that you are home master'' ''Good. So, do you have something to tell me Isabella?'' Oh crap. Friday was my confession day. Though we were master and submissive only on the weekend and a normal couple the remaining week, there were some rules that we followed the entire time. Proper nutrition, proper exercise and no self-induced orgasms. If any of the rules were broken in the week, I was to confess to master at the beginning of our playtime on friday. The punishment was little lighter if I confessed on my own. Normally, I never had any issues with the third rule - Edward was always there to give me orgasms and I never felt the need to go off on my own. However, the last two weeks were different. Edward was not there and I missed him terribly. The longing had got too much last Tuesday and I ended up pleasuring myself and coming in the shower. And now I had to tell him this. Oh no, I didnt want to begin our time together after so long with a punishment. But didnt have any other option. I could not lie to him. ''Yes master'' I sighed. ''Yes what Isabella?'' ''Your girl needs to confess something master.'' ''Hmmm... Go ahead, Isabella.'' ''Your girl is very sorry master that she used your property to give herself pleasure.'' ''What!, are you telling me that you came on your own?''. His voice was full of dissapointment and anguish. I was too ashamed to say anything. I just kept staring at his shoes wishing that I had more control and had stopped myself in time. I felt terrible that I had hurt Edward so, especially when he had kept his end of the bargain - not allowing himself any release for the whole time he was away. ''Answer me, Isabella.'' His voice was hard and determined. ''Yes master.'' And the tears started flowing. EPOV I opened the door of the playroom and saw her kneeling in the middle of the room. My Bella, so beautiful, always mine. I did not enter but kept looking at her still form, sumitting to me with all her being. After sometime I came infront of her and asked how she was. She replied that she was good now that I was back. Her answer pleased me immensely and was about to pull her up in my arms when I remembered - today was confession night. I hoped to get it over with quickly - my Bella hardly broke any of our rules. So I asked her if she had anything to tell me. I saw her struggling with herself and then she said yes. Please God, let it be something insignificant - I didnt want to start our weekend with a punishment. All my hopes were dashed when she told me what she had done. I could not believe my ears - there must be some mistake, surely she woudn't have broken the rule that entailed the harshest punishment, maybe she just pleasured herself some and stopped in time. So I double checked and my world came crashing down. My love was crying and I couldnt even comfort her. I had planned to take Bella to our bedroom and make sweet love to her the whole night. But now I had to punish her before I could even take her in my arms and kiss her properly. Oh my God, how am I going to do that, it hurts me too much to punish her as it is. And now I have to do it after such a long separation. Should I let it go this one time - after all I was not here for her and I know how difficult it was for both of us to be away. Could I fault her this small pleaure when she was missing me so much? With this confusion in my mind, I looked down at my life kneeling infront of me. She was sobbing uncontrollably and tears of remorse were flowing down her glorious face. I knew her well enough to know that she must be going through hell right now for dissapointing me. And my decision was made. I composed myself - in our relationship I have always kept Bella's needs above my own. Right now she needed me to be her master, not her lover. She needed her master to punish her so that the burden of guilt is relieved from her shoulders and she can be herself again. And by God, I will not deny her that. ''Isabella, look at me. '' I commanded. I wanted her to see my love for her in my eyes, I wanted her to know that though I will punish her, I'll always love her with all my being, whatever she may or may not do. She looked up then and we just looked into each other's eyes for 2 minutes. I saw the guilt and remorse in her eyes and tried to tell her that I will fix it and that I'm not angry with my own eyes. Finally, I felt her relaxing, her sobs controlled - my message had reached her. ''When did this happen?''. I was afraid of the answer as it would decide the quantum of the punishment. Please God, let it not be over the weekend, I kept repeating again and again in my mind. The weekend is our playtime and she is not allowed to come without my explicit permission. If she had pleasured herself during last weekend, it would be counted as 2 offences - coming on her own and coming without my permission. And if it was in the week, it would just be 1 offence because she does not need my permission then. ''Last Tuesday''. Thank God. I let out my breath with a loud sigh of relief. I could see first confusion and then realization in her eyes. ''Stand up, Isabella''. She stood up and I took some time to soak in her beauty. Even after so much time together, there were times when I had difficulty in believing that this divine creature was mine. I thought how to punish her and then decided. ''You have dissapointed me a lot Isabella.'' I saw her head dropping down in shame. ''And now instead of showing you all my love, I have to punish you for disregarding my rule''. I heard her gasp. ''You are forbidden to come for the next 7 days.'' I heard her sharp intake of breath. ''And believe me, I will not make it easy for you. I will torment you, take you again and again to the peak but you are not to come in any situation. Do you understand? Answer me.'' ''Yes master...'' I sensed that she wanted to say something more. ''Good. Do you have anything more to say, my love?'' I asked gently. ''Yes master'' ''Go ahead'' ''Your girl wants to thank master for punishing her and wants to say that she will endure it to the best of her ability'' My heart melted listening her and I so wanted to hold her close and love her with abandon. Please God, give me the strength to see through the punishment - there will be enough time for loving later. ''You are welcome, love. Now come here.'' And then began the punishment. I suspended her from the ceiling with her hands above her head so that I had full access of her body. I picked up the rabbit fur flogger she loved on herself and a silk scarf. ''I'm going to cover your eyes now. and then I just want you to feel the flogger and my touch on your skin.'' I blindfolded her then and started working up her body with the flogger. I started with her shoulders, moving down slowly. She started making sweet noises and soft moans that went straight to my groin. My dick was already hard and now started throbbing painfully against the constraits of my boxers. As I continued down, Bella was getting more and more agitated. her breathing was labored and she was trying to rein in her arousal. Her juices were dripping down both her thighs. And then I landed the flogger right on her sex. She gasped loudly and gave out a small cry of frustration. That did me in. Before I knew what I was doing, I dropped to my knees infront of her and started eating her pussy frantically. I could feel her struggling to control herself. Then I pushed in 3 of my fingers in her pussy, pumping her and lapping her clit with my tongue simultaneously. I could feel her inner muscles tighten around my fingers, she would come any time now. I lifted my eyes to look at her face then and was shocked when I saw her face grimacing as if in pain. At that moment I realized my mistake. This was her punishment, she was not allowed to come. She was trying extremely hard not to and I was trying to make her loose it. Oh my God, what have I done! I had decided that whatever I do, I will not touch her down there today. But I lost control and now my poor girl will have to pay the price of my foolishness. Because if she came during her punishment, I will have no other option but to punish her severly. I had to stop this, I had to do something quickly. So I did the only thing that came to my mind then - I pulled out my fingers abruptly and slapped her hard on the face. ''Enjoying youself, bitch''. Her body stiffened immediately and she lost all her arousal in an instant. I removed her blindfold - there was shock and hurt in her