Carlisle's POV Today is going to be a difficult day for Edward. He just lost his first patient and that is going to hit him hard. His tendency to bottle up everything is going to make it even more difficult for him to overcome this. Damn his father for drilling this into him – " Real men don't cry Edward', 'Real men don't show weakness', 'Tears are for sissies and my son will never be one'. Listening to this and other similar nonsense from his father all his childhood has made such an impact on him that he almost never loses control over his emotions. Even when he submits, he cedes control over his body to me but never his emotions. I have been trying since the beginning of our time together to get him to open himself completely to the beautiful emotion of complete surrender. But to no avail. I have talked to him several times and he understands that his behavior is not exactly healthy. But he feels it is not within his capacity to rise over his father's teachings. Even after the most stringent punishments, his eyes are dry. He may find it difficult to breath, panting with exertion and pain, but not a single tear falls. I have finally made peace with this reality that though Edward is a natural submissive in private life, he will never lose control of his emotions during playtime. But today is different. Today he needs to have a good cry. Otherwise, the grief and guilt will not lessen. And my love will continue to hurt. I don't mind if he does not cry during our playtime, but I will not allow him to suffer more than what is unavoidable. I still remember my first time – when I lost my first patient. My head of the department had taken me to a deserted locker room and told me 'let it go'. And boy had I cried. It had taken me more than half an hour to get myself in control enough to come out of the room, to find that my HOD was waiting outside all that time. Heck, even now after 15 years of being a surgeon, I lock my chamber and cry if I lose a patient. Some amount of sadness always remains, but having a good cry gives me the relief nothing else can. I will make sure my love gets the same relief. I may have to be a little unconventional, but I am prepared to do whatever it takes. With that resolve, I go in search of my love. I see Emmett coming out of the junior doctor's lounge with a frown on his face. Now that was unusual, Dr. Emmett McCarty was known to always wear a smile, sometimes only a smile. He was also the best friend of Dr. Edward Masen. "Emmett", I call to get this attention, "is he in?" Both of us know who I meant. Emmett was one of the few people in the hospital who knew the exact nature of my relationship with Edward. Not that we tried to hide our relationship, people knew Edward as my boyfriend way before he joined Haborview. Emmett nodded. Relieved to have found him quickly, I start towards the door of the lounge. "Dr. Cullen… Carlisle", Emmett calls me Carlisle only when he wants to talk to his best friend's boyfriend. I stopped and looked at him. "You will take care of him, right?" he asks me in a subdued voice. "Yes Emmett, always" I reply without hesitation. Emmett nods again, "yes yes you will. Just that…. he..he is not in a good place..what I am trying to say is…" he stops and takes a deep breath, "you know that we have been friends almost all our lives" I nod. "Edward… he learned to swallow his tears very early in his life… that.. that bastard made sure to beat them out of him" "I know Emmett, I know" "He needs to vent…he needs to learn to…to" he struggled for the right word. "To let out." I completed for him. I placed my hand on his shoulders "I will take care of that, I promise you" He nods once and walks away quickly as if embarrassed with the emotional talk. I find Edward sitting alone in the junior doctor's lounge. As I expected, his face is stony and completely closed to all emotions. He is staring at the wall and I know that it is taking all his control to not fall apart. "Edward" I call out, touching his shoulder lightly. He looks up and his eyes – Christ his eyes – they are so full of anguish that I stumble for a second. His whole body is begging for relief from the agony, but he is unable to reach out and take the comfort. I lower my voice and lean a little towards him so only he hears my next words - "Pet, you have exactly 5 mins to get your ass into my car", I say in my "Dom" voice. He is surprised, but lowers his head immediately. "Sir, I.. I am not done with…". "Shhh sweetheart, don't think, just follow my command. I promise I will take care of everything. I have already arranged for your shift to be over now. You are free to go till your next shift", I assure him. It is one of our cardinal rules that we never take advantage of my position in the hospital for personal time. I cleared his schedule not as his Dom, but as his HOD. It is an unwritten rule here that if you lose a patient, you are done for the day. It is just too dangerous for a doctor to remain on duty after that. Satisfied, he gets up, throws his empty coffee cup in the trash bin and steps out. I follow him towards the parking entrance. He gets into my car without a single word. He is completely into his sub mode now and knows that he is not allowed to speak unless given permission. We reach home and I drive the car directly into the garage. Unlocking the garage door, I issue my first command. 'Pet, you have exactly 1 min to lose all your clothes and get into position in the foyer.' He scrambles out of the car and runs inside. I know 1 min is not at all enough for the task, but that is what I need for my plan to work. I get my and Edward's bags out of the car, and after securing the garage, walk in. Edward is scrambling to get all his clothes off in the foyer. I deposit the bags on the couch just inside the foyer and look at my watch to time him. Finally, he is naked and in his waiting position. I walked towards him in a leisurely pace. " Ah pet…too bad you were at least 30 seconds late. To the playroom, now" I command, "and prepare for your punishment little one" When I enter the playroom after losing my shirt, socks and shoes, the whipping bench is in the center of the room and Edward is standing near it with his head bowed low. I walk towards him, "30 strokes for 30 seconds should do..what do you think pet". He remains silent. I lift his chin up with my finger and look into his eyes "go get the leather strap pet". His eyes widen, I have never given him more than 20 strokes of the strap at one time. He swallows but immediately moves towards the far wall of the playroom to retrieve the dreaded strap. I quickly get out of my pants and boxers. And position myself on the whipping bench with my ass up in the air. I hear a gasp from Edward when he turns around after lifting the strap from the wall. He reaches the benches in 2 long strides and looks at me in surprise. Ah pet, you sure did not expect this, did you? I think. "Sir… what…" "Silence pet. Unless you want your punishment to increase" I say. This shuts him up quickly. "Come on, what are you waiting for? Start with your punishment now. 30 strokes with the strap on my ass and upper thighs. You will count and thank me after each strike. And don't even try to go easy. You will repeat the strike if I am not satisfied with it." I wait for about 30 seconds, but he does not make any move to start. I sigh and look back at him. "Edward" this gets his attention. I almost never call him Edward during play. "Either you go ahead with your punishment right away or use your safe word and get out of here", I say with as much authority as I can manage lying down on the bench. I know it is a low blow and that I will never let him leave my house in the condition he is in. But he does not know that. He shakes his head once and closes his eyes. And when he opens them, I see a new determination. That's my boy I think and get ready in my mind for the first strike. Thwack It hurts like a bitch. "1, thank you Sir" I hear him say Thwack "Oh FUCK", this one is definitely harder than the first one. "2, thank you Sir" Thwack "3, thank you Sir" Thwack "4, thank you Sir" Thwack "5, thank you Sir" And so it continues "10, thank you Sir", his voice is trembling now. "20, thank you Sir", he is panting and I can hear the sob in his voice. Yes sweetheart, that's it, let it go. Let it go please and then none of us will have to suffer. Let the tears flow now. I can hear it in his voice how much this is affecting him. He has never sounded this distraught. I can feel that he is close to losing it. And me – my ass is on fire and I am continuously murmuring to myself "doing this for Edward..only for Edward". I don't know and don't care if he can hear me. I am crying out with each strike now and after the 25th one, I hear a 'FUCK IT..R…" "Edward," I interrupt him, "remember if you use your safeword, you leave immediately" With that I look back at him. His eyes are full of tears, but none have fallen down yet. His nose is red with sniffling and the palm holding the strap is white as chalk. Yesss, I do a mental fist bump. We are finally getting there, the last 5 should be enough for him to fall off the ledge. I sure hope so, because I don't know what will I do if they are not. It will be extremely difficult to tolerate any more pain, but I will if I have to .. for Edward. "Immediately" I repeat. He nods his head understanding that he will not get time to take care of me if he leaves immediately. And the next second I feel the 26th strike. "FUCK, FUCK, FUCK" there is no place left on my ass and so the strokes are now landing on top of the earlier ones. "30, THANK YOU SIR" Edward shouts and throws the strap across the room. And falls on his knees with his face in his hands, crying bitterly. Mission accomplished. Thank heavens. I get up from the bench not bothering about the shooting pain in my backside. Right now my love needs me, I can take care of myself later. I sit down next to him on the floor and take him in my arms. "Yes sweetheart, let it all out. I have you my love, cry as much as you need to… I have you" I say soothing words in his ears, simultaneously rubbing his back and