Harry Potter - A Different World - Book 5 Title: Harry Potter - A Different World - Book 5 Author: Carya Black Category: AU, General, Romance Pairings: HP/HG, DM/GW, will be TMR/OC too Rating: T (might change later) Disclaimer: Carya and the plot changes belong to me, the rest belongs to JKR. I do not make any money with this. It's just a story written from one fan for all the others to read. I got some Ideas from other stories as well. I only use them because I loved them! Please don't get mad at me if you find something copied from the books *apologetic smile*. Flames will only be used to heat my room and to roast marshmallows *evilgrin*. Notes: Since this is an AU fic some things are different. Ginny is the same age as Harry and Carya. Ron is almost a year older but hadn't been able to attend Hogwarts earlier. Snape behaves different sometimes too. Summary: Basically the twins fifth year at Hogwarts. Some story twists and slightly new plot because of Tom's presence. Read, review and enjoy. Warnings: There's a reason for Carya and Harry being in Slytherin. It's not just for the fun of it. But this isn't exactly a Dark!Carya, Dark!Harry story. Although Carya was always the darker one of the twins and her relationship with Tom brings this side to the surface. Author's Notes: I know it has been a looooooong time since I last posted something. I am very sorry for it but Real Life got in the way of things. We lost some family members and I hadn't felt like writing anything new or typing this up from my hardcopies for quite some time. Well, here it is, the fifth instalment of my Harry Potter version. ~...~ = Parseltongue /.../ = Telepathy between Harry & Carya ( in italics ) ' ... ' = thoughts ~*~*~ ... ~*~*~ = Flashback or changing POV ~ Parseltongue ~ # Phoenix language # $ Animal Language as animagi $ Chapter 01 - Birthday and Revelations or Phoenix Egg and Startling News Tom and Carya for once didn't go working in the girls potions lab. They made themselves comfortable in Carya's rooms and just talked. It was one of those few talks when they would openly admit how they currently felt. Both were very careful with their feelings normally and this was another indicator for the trust they had for each other. Carya was worried about the weird things she felt around them nowadays. A sense of foreboding and she didn't like it at all. She told Tom about it that night. "How come you are worried about this now, love?" the boy added in afterthought. "I don't know. I ... since I felt being followed I have had those weird feelings. It's not like with Quirrell or Moody. It's further away but something big is going to happen and I certainly won't like it, of that I am pretty sure. I only hope that you, Harry, Draco, Moony, Padfoot and our friends are safe then," she sighed heavily and leaned into his embrace. That was how the two fell asleep. It wasn't uncomfortable because the windowsill was broad and comfy. Carya's favourite spot inside her rooms. When Harry and Draco looked for them they found the couple asleep. Harry quietly took a blanket and draped it over and around them. The two boys smiled. It had taken a long time for these two after the second task to get this close again. Both Harry and Draco were happy that it had worked. Seeing either Tom or Carya in distress broke their hearts. The two boys had started to think of Tom as their brother by then. The 'Slytherin Six' were as close as siblings could get. They shared almost everything and hardly had any secrets. The friends were determined to reach their goals in life and they would help each other. Harry thought about the third day at Privet drive when he had talked to Tom like he had planned since the third task. ~*~*~ Flashback - Privet Drive, July 1st ~*~*~ "Tom, can I talk to you for a bit?" Harry asked the other boy while Draco and Carya just looked at them oddly. "Of course Harry, do you want to go somewhere else?" Tom inquired. "No, it's okay. They can hear this too. It's ... when I was in that graveyard after the third task I ... I realised something. While Voldemort was talking to his Death Eater's, I was thinking about the situation. I saw him and how he acted and well, ... I wanted to apologise to you. I could clearly see that you are completely different from that monster, Tom. I'm sorry I treated you like I did even after Carya had made clear that she trusted you. I usually listen to her on those things. I found out that I never hated you and that I merely despised what you'd done in the Chamber of Secrets. I could never hate you and I consider you my brother now," Harry explained and Tom was speechless. "Your brother? Harry, I ... thank you. That's means very much to me," the crimson-eyed boy said and smiled at his new family. ~*~*~ End Flashback - Privet Drive, July 1st ~*~*~ He had apologised to the other boy and they had been a true family since then. To see his sister with Tom didn't make him feel uneasy anymore. Harry knew now that she'd be safe and happy as long as Tom Riddle was with her. He'd do the same things for Hermione as would Draco do for Ginny. They all knew that they were heading into difficult times. He and Carya were on top of Voldemort's hit-list. Draco was close to that too since he 'betrayed' his biological father. Tom would be put there as well should the Dark Lord find out that he was only loyal to his friends and wouldn't consider changing sides ever. Hermione would be a target since she was a muggle-born and his girlfriend. Ginny was with Draco and that alone made her a target as well. Not to mention the fact that Malfoy Sr. had a personal vendetta against the Weasley's for some reason. They had to stick together to get through this all and they would. They might not be able to fight alone but when the 'Slytherin Six' added their talents they made a damned good team. Almost every branch of Magical Arts was covered in that case, including the Dark Arts. Both boys went to bed soon after they discovered their 'siblings' and fell asleep. Neither of the four children noticed when Sirius and Remus returned in the middle of the night. When they woke up it was already ten in the morning. Tom and Carya wanted to go shopping in muggle-London for a change and since Sirius and Remus had to get something done there too, they accompanied the kids. Harry and Draco stayed at home to fly and talk about Quidditch or rather to talk to their girlfriends without anyone looking. Sirius left the group as soon as they reached the 'Leaky Cauldron' . "I have something to do. I'll tell you later kids, no questions right now, okay?" he said to them. Remus stayed with the teenagers though. Both got some Muggle-money to spend on something they liked and they looked at several small shops that day. Suddenly Tom found something interesting in one of the shops. It was a small wooden chest with intricate carving. The carvings looked like vines, snakes and other beautiful plants. Tom made sure Carya was busy and asked Remus for his opinion about the object. The werewolf secretly made sure that it wasn't hexed and told Tom what he thought. "You want this one for Carya's birthday, right? It's really beautiful but the key's are missing. You would have to get a new lock and keys for that. But that will be no problem. I'm sure Arthur Weasley has something old fashioned that fits with this," he told the boy and Tom smiled. Remus made sure that Carya was occupied as Tom paid for the chest. "Ah, yes, that'll be three pounds then. It's a low price because the key's are missing and it just doesn't open. Are you sure you want this, mister?" the clerk asked. "Yes, it'll be a birthday present for my girlfriend, sir. I know she'll like it. Even if she can't open it," Tom replied and gave the man the money. The boy quickly put the box away and he, Carya and Remus left the old shop. Two hours later they met Sirius at the 'Leaky Cauldron' to floo back home. Once they had arrived Carya went for a shower. Tom and Remus settled down in Remus' rooms to have a look at the wooden box. "I see, a simple Alohomora didn't work. Let's try something else then, shall we?" Remus asked and Tom nodded. " Aperio Claustra! " Remus said firmly and the lock snapped open, "Well, I guess it worked. Be careful when you open it Tom!" The boy used a stick to pull up the lid of the wooden chest but nothing happened. When he had pulled it open completely he could look inside. There on a cushion lay something that looked like an egg. Remus gasped and Tom recognised it too. It really was an egg but not just any kind of egg. This was a phoenix egg. "Do you know if its okay?" asked the boy in a whisper. "Wait, I'll check," the werewolf said and murmured a few spells. A warm reddish blue glow surrounded the egg for a second and the man smiled, "It's perfectly alright. It has been under a constant heating charm but it wasn't enough to let it hatch. "Remus, tell me I'm dreaming. This means ... I can give this to Carya right? She can try to let it hatch and have a phoenix familiar?" the boy inquired anxiously. "That it does Tom. I'd gave it to her soon though because it needs warmth now. You still have the chest for her birthday," Moony soothed the young wizard. "I'll do that and I'll do it now. Don't tell anyone Remus. Sirius, Harry and Draco will know but no one else, please!" the boy pleaded. And his guardian nodded. Meanwhile Sirius and the others were waiting for them in the study because the Animagus had to tell his family something. Tom carried a small basket when he walked inside but they didn't think anything of it. "Sit down all of you. You remember that I told you about the summer homes of the Black family right? Well, we found out that the house in London is still in existence and I'll try to make it habitable again when you're back at school. Right now I've started getting rid of the pests that have made themselves a home in there, pixies, doxies and the like. So don't wonder if Remus and I are away occasionally. I know you want to help but you'd better study for the next year. If you really want to have a prank war with the Weasley twins, you should better get started planning something. Yes I know about that. Those two hardly do anything but plotting pranks just now! You have to work hard to get them this year. Arthur told me when I met him today," Sirius explained and the kids looked surprised. "Eh, if we are to become pranksters we do need proper nicknames, don't we? And a name for our group ... ah, scratch that, we are the 'Slytherin Six' that's enough to know!" Harry blurted out. "Nicknames would be useful, you're right. But which ones?" asked Draco. "Ours were linked to the animagus forms we had. Why don't you do something like that too?" suggested Padfoot. "Hm, that means