CHAPTER ONE: The sun was just rising over the horizon when Adam pulled himself out of bed and into his combat trousers, behind him laid Rose a girl who had been a tribute for the 73rd hunger games. Adam had served in the Panem Guards; an elite branch of Panem's military and had been responsible for her escape. As he stood in the cabin he had rebuilt in the far Canadian north, Rose lay curled in the sheet as she did every morning, Adam knew she was watching him; military training had made him observant and he saw the whites of her eyes flicker open. He started every morning the same way, a five kilometer run carrying a ten-kilo Bergen; the same as he had done in training. This morning though, he had a different plan; twenty meters from the cabin there was a rock pool that was ice cold at this time and his mischievous side had kicked in. Slowly he moved over to Rose's side of the bed, knelt down and laid a light kiss on her lips which she returned; proving his theory about her being awake. Reaching his arms around her back Adam braced his abs and in one swift motion lifted her over his shoulder, ran out of the room and crashed through the front door. As soon as Rose saw the rock pool she knew exactly what he was planning on doing. "Put me down!" she squealed, giggling. Adam kept running down the hill "PUT ME DOWN STONE YOU BASTARD!" she yelled, laughing at the same time as Adam crashed into the water and laughed evilly. "Ok" he grinned and dropped to his knee dunking Rose into the freezing water. She wriggled free of his grip and stood up and gasped in the cold morning air. "I really hate you!" she said smiling and clearing her brunette hair from her face. Getting up from the water Adam made his way over to her and kissed her again, this time she pulled him towards her. The cold of the morning soon began to sting, so they both ran back to the hut and sat in front of the ancient wood-burning stove. Adam threw the final chunk of wood onto the fire and lay back on the threadbare rug that had their duvet on it for warmth. Rose cuddled into him and rested her head on his chest. Adam opened his mouth to tell her how much he loved her but Rose cut him off. "Adam I think" she stopped and waited for him to speak. He turned to look at her and wait for her to say some. "No you go first" she said. "I was just about to say how much I love you" Adam replied, turning and smiling back Rose gave him a kiss. "What were you saying?" asked Adam. Rose turned and smiled cheekily. "I was about to tell you to get your ass up and chop more firewood." She said as Adam got up and pulled a fresh long sleeve T-shirt on and jeans. "And there I was thinking you were about to tell me you loved me as well" He laughed. "That's what you get for throwing me in that rock pool." She said faking a scowl, which quickly turned into her beautiful smile once more. Adam swung his axe at the tree and took a deep chunk out of it; he was strong for his size and could fell a reasonable tree in just under an hour. With one final swing the tree creaked and began to tumble; Adam sprinted in the opposite direction as the pine crashed to the ground with an almighty thud. Using the axe was personal preference for cutting down the tree to keep fit; he had a chainsaw and had converted it to run on ethanol he brewed from the corn they grew. Firing up the chainsaw he set set to work striping the largest branches off of the tree before dragging them to the side and setting about dividing the trunk. This tree would provide all of the heating for the cabin and fuel for making ethanol so it was essential that he was quick in getting it cut up and kept dry. The trunk was about fifteen centimeters in diameter and ten meters high so Adam divided it into five two meters sections and then rolled them down the hill at the foot of which their cabin stood. After that he tied the branches together and hoisted them onto his back and lumbered down the hill and to the cabin where he dropped them on the porch. After an hour of carrying and chopping Adam had a stack of firewood that would keep Rose and himself warm through the rest of the winter. Walking back around to the front of the cabin Adam recalled how he had found it; they had been trekking through the wilderness for a week after a brief incursion into district twelve to get some supplies and to let Rose see her family for the last time until Adam could return and bring them to District thirteen to live with Rose and himself. They had only intended on staying a few days until he was able to move again after a wild dog had bit him before he could shoot it. He remembered Roses' annoyance at the fact that despite the injury Adam insisted on carrying the meat inside his Bergen to help her. When they had reached the cabin Adam was nearly dead from exhaustion and as soon as he closed his eyes had fallen asleep for two whole days. Rose had nursed him back to health and he still had bite marks on his left forearm. The cabin had been a wreck but a couple months of work had made it livable and after six it felt like home; they visited District thirteen sometimes and traded large quantities of food for supplies. They also had brief contact with the army of the Republic of Europe who had given them a thick Swiss duvet in return for a wild boar. Adam climbed the steps to the cabin and noticed Rose standing completely frozen in the middle of the room, immediately Adam rushed forward to see what was wrong but stopped and ducked when he saw two outlaws with thick beards and sawn off shotguns. Adam rushed around the back of the cabin to the woodshed and opened a small metal trunk. The smell of gun oil hit Adam 's nostrils as he pulled out the AK-47 assault rifle he kept for protection and hunting. One of the last of the type ever made, the rifle was ancient technology but in his mind was still the best in the world. He clipped the distinctive banana magazine in and pulled back to bolt. The army had taught Adam to keep his weapon in good working order and the mechanism on the rifle worked better now than the day it came out of the factory. Round-chambered Adam pushed the gun into his shoulder and crept towards the cabin keeping his center of gravity low and his rifle at the ready. His finger curled around the trigger and his senses heighted when he reached the steps to the cabin porch and began to creep up them slowly, avoiding the creaking middle step. When he reached the door he clicked off the safety and took one last peak into the room identifying his two targets. He had no intention of shouting a warning, these two bastards had put the girl he loved in danger and now they were going to die for it. With a final breath Adam twisted the door handle and charged forward. Life went into slow motion as Adam went for the one on the left first, putting the mans chest in his sights and using a technique called double-tapping were two shots are fired in quick succession. Before the bullets had even hit the first man he had turned to the second, thankfully Rose had ducked the second he had burst in and he had a clear shot on the outlaw who was raising his shotgun. Before it had even gotten half way up Adam had doubled-tapped again sending the outlaw backwards with the force of the round hitting him. Ears ringing from the noise of the rifle and the acrid stench of cordite burning his throat Adam made his way over to Rose "Are there anymore?" he yelled. Before she could answer a third man burst from their bedroom carrying some of their possessions. The man's eyes widened in terror as Adam snapped around and shot him in the center of the chest. "Was he the last one?" Adam asked rifle still raised, Rose nodded slowly and Adam slung it over his back. Adam dragged the first intruder out by his feet, then the second, but as he took the third the intruder began to groan in pain. Rose sat there stunned as Adam dragged the man outside and a shot echoed through the valley. As he entered once more he rested the AK against the wall and looked at her face and saw she was crying. As soon as wrapped her in his arms her legs gave way and he half carried and half dragged her to the couch and set her down. Pushing her hair out of her face he inspected her making sure she was ok. She had a small cut on her forehead, which Adam wiped clean with his thumb. "I'm so sorry" he said feeling that he had failed somehow. It was his job to protect her and he'd failed miserably. Rose sniffed loudly and then began. "I've never seen you like that" she said before a fresh wave of tears began to fall. "How do you mean?" Adam asked softly clearing her hair from her face again. "You were so. Angry" she said "In the past you've always shouted a warning but this time. This time you just shot" there wasn't any anger in her voice just confusion. "They made me angry Rose, they had you and I couldn't stand the thought of you getting hurt, I love you and keeping you, to me, was worth taking their lives" he said, it wasn't romantic, in fact it was pretty brutal, but it was exactly how he felt. It wasn't the first time she had seen him kill somebody, but she was right about shouting a warning. Unless he had been fired at first Adam had always shouted a warning before shooting. "I love you too.," she whispered before pushing her head into his shoulder. Adam went to dispose of the bodies outside and decided to throw them down the hill into the valley. He came back in and kissed Rose unleashing a fresh wave of tears. Adam sat there comforting her, never asking her to stop or to try to calm down; just letting her get it all out. They must have sat there for an hour, him just stroking her hair and whispering to her. Finally the tears stopped and she looked up at him with bloodshot eyes "Adam?" she whispered her voice hoarse from crying. "Yeah?" he replied. "What's your first memory of me?" she asked. It was an odd question but one that he could answer easily. It had been the end of the tributes parade. Adam was stood in his white linen pants and tunic with black leather bands around the shoulder pads and around the white beret, on the humid evening he felt like he slowly melting away. The chariots pulled in to the training center and Adam immediately identified District 12's, He hated the games but couldn't help sizing both of them up. The boy was skinny and malnourished with sunken in cheeks and ribs protruding through his skin. She had been sprayed black and was completely naked apart from some lumps of mock coal