Title : A Beginning and an End Rating : PG13 Genre : Pre-Hogwarts, First Wizarding War Disclaimer : Harry Potter is not mine. Word Count : 3,920 Warning : Death Eaters, Graphic Child Birth, Implied Violence, Major Character Injury, Angst Summary : Severus found her running from a Death Eater raid. Lily was the love of his life and even on opposite sides of a war he would always choose to save her. A/N : Probably pretty medically inaccurate. It was a night raid; another sleepy unsuspecting wizarding village, another albatross to hang around his neck. It was blood and carnage and a living nightmare as Death Eaters rampaged through the town murdering and torturing as they went. Severus listened to the screams as he cast another curse and felt a splash of hot blood against his black cloak. Thick viscos drops of the fluid splattered against his white mask. He felt another little bit of his soul blacken and shrivel up. He wondered when the bright shine of purpose and revolutionary idealism had faded to this murky dark hopelessness. Some of the screams reached a fever pitch and yet more began. The massacre waged on. Bellatrix cackling high and mad, and Crouch Jr. shouting taunts to his victims could be heard over the din. McNair, Rookwood, Crabe, Greyback; all laughing and howling. They surged through the little village like a wave while Severus moved through it all like he was walking in molasses. When did the Dark Lord's vision of a bright new world begin to tarnish? When did the indiscriminate murder of good witches and wizards become acceptable? When did Severus begin to see this all as the madness that it truly was? Flashes of movement caught his eye; wizards running for their lives into the forest surrounding their burning village. A barked order from Crouch and Severus was in pursuit, running after the fleeing victims. The trees seemed to be alive, Severus thought as he ran, unable to get a good shot off while branches and limbs obscured his vision. The forest was unyielding and impeding, like it was fighting back. Truthfully, Severus couldn't blame it. His efforts to catch the escapees were halfhearted at best and he didn't know if he should hate himself for it or not. Jumping nimbly over a root, Severus almost crashed his landing when an achingly familiar voice gave a muffled cry ahead of him. There, half hidden in the cradle of a massive tree's roots was a witch. Flaming red hair dimmed in the darkness of night and the gloom of the forest. Her green eyes were indistinguishable in the shadows and her fair skin almost glowed in the scant light of the moon. She was beautiful and familiar and, to Severus's horror, very, very pregnant. The large swell of Lily Potter's belly was impossible to ignore. Her long simple dress was pulled taught over her middle and it was barely adequate at covering her swollen bosom. There, in the dark, in the forest hiding from a Death Eater raid, Lily Potter crouched uncomfortably in the hollow of the tree clutching her belly in pain and pointing her wand unwaveringly at Severus. Holding perfectly still, Severus grasped his wand lightly at his side and just stared as a wave of emotions swept over him. Anger and resentment, feelings Severus had clung to so tightly when the mark on his arm flared dark, when the Dark Lord took sadistic pleasure in punishing his followers. They were startlingly quick to be buried by the nearly lifelong feelings of love and devotion he had for this woman before him. She was his first friend, his first love, and his first heartbreak. For nearly all his life she was everything to him until she was nothing and now here she was, watching him with hate and wariness as she prepared, in vain, to protect her unborn child from him. A ripple of muscle tension rolled visibly over the taught heavy swell of her belly and Lily whimpered. She collapsed back on her bottom. Her wand never wavered and Severus was struck by the sudden frightening realization that she was in labor. Another contraction came on the heels of the first and when Lily lost control and moaned in pain Severus found himself taking an involuntary step toward her. "No!" Lily shouted. "Not any closer!" Frozen once more, Severus watched her struggle to pant through the pain; another contraction and a split second distraction. Severus took the opening and gave his wand the barest of flicks. Lily's wand wrenched itself from her grip. In shock she watched it sail into the Death Eater's hand. There was silence for a moment as dark resignation crept over Lily's beautiful pale face. "Please," she whispered fear in her voice but determination burning in her eyes. "Please just wait," she begged. "Just wait until he's born. Wait and kill me, but don't- don't kill my son. Please!" It hurt, Severus realized. Regardless that he was disguised by robe and mask, it hurt that she would think him capable of ever hurting her. Hearing her beg was like a knife in his heart. "Ah!" Lily, once holding the gaze of the wizard before her, was then overwhelmed by the pain of another contraction and she squeezed her eyes shut. Clutching her belly with both hands she huffed through the pain and tried to keep her struggles quiet. His mind cleared as he realized what he had to do. Severus turned his wand on himself and cast a quick charm to disguise his voice. Moving closer he marveled at how much sway Lily Evans still held over him, at how much he still loved her. He pushed the thoughts back, cleared his mind and focused. "How long have you been having contractions?" He demanded as he kneeled in front of her. His voice sounded indistinguishable in deep metallic echoes. The sound jerked Lily to attention. "What- Ah!" She cut off in a shout of pain. A quick wave of his wand and the area around them descended into silence with the casting of privacy spell. "How long have you been in labor?" He asked again reaching toward her with gloved hands. "No!" Lily gasped out trying to push herself away from him backing into the tree behind her. "Don't touch me!" "We don't have the time for this!" Severus snapped. "Your contractions are coming too quickly to move you, now. Either you accept my help or you risk endangering yourself and the child." Panting through the tightening of her muscles trying to suppress the almost inexplicable urge to push, Lily looked into the shadowed eye slits of the Death Eater's mask. She knew she had no choice. Body trembling, Lily gave the Death Eater a reluctant nod. "What do I do?" Severus felt something inside unclench with relief and he took a calming breath. Hardening his Occlumency shields and compartmentalizing the myriad of conflicting emotions inside him, he concentrated on the task at hand. Pulling up the medi-wizard training required for his Potions Mastery, he felt confident in his knowledge of the situation. "I need you to lean back against the tree and draw your knees up as close to your chest as you can get them," he instructed her and a quick wave of his wand vanished her blood and birthing fluid soaked underwear. "I need to examine you to see how open you are." Lily's waters had broken somewhere in between her home and the forest and her contractions had progressed alarmingly quickly. She gritted her teeth and refused to flinch away from the Death Eater's touch knowing it was a necessary evil. Severus pressed on her belly with his gloved hands, a light diagnostic spell later and he came to the conclusion that she really should have been halfway through her labor by now. He cast a wordless lumos and discovered that she was bleeding more than she should be. A shiver of unease was ruthlessly pushed down buried under his shields. He readied himself to do what he must. "Lily," he called her attention, "You're ready to push. When I count to three, breathe and push until I tell you to stop." Gently taking her grasping hands he helped her grab her knees and pull them as close to her chest as she could. Severus conjured a floating sphere of light and shoved his wand back into its holster. "Lily?" She was gripping her knees white-knuckled and nodded in determination. "One, two, three, push!" He commanded. Twenty minutes later, Severus was glad for the privacy wards he'd erected. Lily's shouts of exertion would have drawn every Death Eater, Order member, and Auror within a five mile radius. The sounds of her screams would never leave him. He could tell Lily was tiring and the amount of blood leaving her body was dangerous, but with Severus directing her efforts and helping what little he could to speed up the process the baby was out to its shoulders and two more hard pushes would see it thrust into the world. Then Severus could concentrate on Lily's hemorrhaging. Five minutes later with more blood staining his gloves and robes and a rapidly darkening bruise from an involuntary kick from Lily, Severus was pulling Lily and James Potter's son out into the world kicking and screaming. Five pounds and eight ounces; the infant was small, almost four weeks premature. He seemed unbearably tiny in Severus's long fingered hands. Covered in blood and amniotic fluid, the boy was wrinkly and protesting with grating cries. He shivered and flailed and scrunched his face up as he squalled. With his infant blue eyes squeezed shut the only distinguishing feature Severus could see was a shock of thick, wet, surprisingly unruly black hair. He cast a quick spell to suction the fluid from the infant's airways then severed and healed the umbilical cord. Tearing a length of black Death Eater robe, Severus scourgified it and swaddled Lily's son haphazardly then placed him next to his mother for safe keeping. "It's a boy," Lily murmured as she collapsed against the tree in exhaustion. Smiling tiredly, she tenderly stroked her son's cheek. "I knew it was going to be a boy." Severus cursed silently as he realized that she was now bleeding out in earnest. A new level of urgency set in and Severus unsheathed his wand, prepared to fight tooth and nail for Lily's life. "Lily, you need to listen to me very closely." Severus squeezed her trembling sweat slicked knees to get her focus smearing them with blood. "You're bleeding heavily and I need to stop it." She turned her head toward him almost lethargically. Her eyes were hazy and her skin was gray. "I'm bleeding?" "Yes," Severus answered looking her in the eyes not liking how quickly she was deteriorating. "You're hemorrhaging internally. We don't have much time." "Oh." Her eyes fluttered and her head lolled backward resting against the rough bark of the tree. "I feel so tired." Severus's heart was pounding and his mind was racing through all the possible causes and solutions. With every wasted second Lily was bleeding out more rapidly. "You need to stay awake," he commanded his voice level despite the dire situation. "You need to expel the afterbirth and once you do I will have to act very quickly. Do you understand?" Lily lifted her head again to meet his gaze and gave a wobbly nod. Her eyes were still hazy, but a distant exhausted sort of determination shined from them. "Okay." "Good." Severus took a deep breath and focused back between Lily's thighs, trying not to think about the pool of blood soaking into the earth beneath her. "Push now." With a pained groan, Lily grabbed her knees clumsily and pushed as hard as she could. Her stomach muscles tensed weakly and Severus could tell it wasn't going to be enough. He grasped the umbilical cord