AN: Hi everybody. Here is a little something by me for you all that I wrote for What's in Santa's Sack. I hope it make you smile. My Beta is the wonderful mauigirl60. Summary: Bella Swan hates Christmas. Can she find some Christmas joy thanks to the spirited Edward Cullen? Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyers owns Twilight. I just make the characters crazy. ExB, HEA Rated M The Day after Christmas 2012. "Bella, open the door!" Rocks were pelting my window sounding like a hard rain. I knew it could only be one person. Garrett. Sometimes all you want is to get lost in your imagination and pretend that the last year didn't happen. This was the course of action I decided to take. Christmas time was for chumps and that's why this girl was reading about zombies. The rocks kept coming. That idiot was going to break my window. I slammed my comic book down on the bed and shivered all the way over to the window where Garrett was caterwauling on the sidewalk. Didn't he know it was blasphemy to make a girl get out of her warm bed after having her heart broken? The fact that he was the one who did the breaking made it even more of a heinous crime. If I was a zombie, I'd bite off his damned ear. "Bella! Come on!" Garrett yelled louder. I pulled the window up quickly and was pelted in the forehead with what felt like a boulder. Blood dripped down my nose. "Son of a bi—" "Let me in! We need to talk!" He was looking up at me, his eyes bloodshot and his dark hair a mess. Pieces of hair were everywhere as if he'd stuck his finger in a wall socket. "That will be a negative, Bubba." I glared at him. Though even in his drunken state, the falling snow made him look handsome. Of course, my vision was blurry from the blood dripping in my eyes. "Go talk to your fiancée. As you can see, I have a gaping wound and this girl needs to stick a Toy Story Band-Aid on it." "I made a mistake! I do love you!" he continued to shout. I felt horrible for the neighbors. "My parents have been planning a wedding for Katie and me since—" I gripped the windowsill tightly. It was supposed to have been me with the diamond ring on my finger, not some surfer girl from Cali. It would have been nice to have been given a heads up that Garrett already had a girlfriend during the two years we were dating. It would have been even nicer if he hadn't asked the girl to marry him in front of me and all our friends at Jasper's Annual Christmas Drink Fest. Ass. "Go away and get married right now." I glared down at him. "I have no more time to waste on you!" It was just another reason to hate Christmas. I wonder what horrific act I'd performed in my youth to have fate put me on a permanent naughty list. "To you?" " No !" I screamed at him. "To that girl you've been engaged to since you were in the womb. I hate you! You're a no-good piece of shit who should be castrated!" He looked relieved, until the hate part of my rant. "I don't want you to hate me. I need to hold you at least one more time and feel the warm heat of your body on my—" He had to be kidding me. "You want to have sex?" I grabbed a glass of water that sat on a nearby table. "You want a sweet goodbye to remember me by?" "Well, yes," he said with absolutely no remorse. "It will be closure." I poured the glass of water out the window and onto his head. Garret screamed, "What the hell!" "That's my idea of closure, asshole!" I slammed my window shut. Men were worthless. Christmas was only a holiday for greedy consumers. All I needed were my trusty books and a tumbler of gin and tonic—light on the tonic. This Grinch was going to read more about zombies. December 2, 2013 "Bella, come with us!" Alice leaned against my cubicle at the Seattle Times , as she chewed on her nail. I thought my habit was bad, but a stressed Alice was a nail biter and cuticle chewer. It was a disgusting spectacle to watch. "I cannot deal with my brother on my own!" "Tell him to go home to New York because Christmas has been cancelled in Washington State—elf shortage or some shit like that." I pushed my glasses up my nose, trying to decipher Jessica Stanley's helpful holiday home cleaning remedies for her daily column. The girl could barely keep her desk tidy; no wonder print media was going extinct like the dinosaurs. I muttered to the screen, "Damn it, Stanley! Lay off the bleach." Alice disregarded my attempt to ignore her. "Edward is moving here for good." "Who the what-zit? Why? No !" I pushed my glasses up on my head and glared at her. This was not happening and absolutely not allowed. She slumped in the chair next to me and pulled her dark hair over her face like Cousin It from The Addams Family . "Don't shoot the messenger! It's bad enough to have him terrorize me on holidays, but now everyday will be Operation Crush Alice's Spirit!" "He treats me like dirt too!" I complained vehemently. Alice pulled her hair away from her face, so I could see her overdramatic eye roll. "Bullshit, Swan! You hide from him every time he comes home." "Not last Christmas, Al. He saw my heart break because of Garrett. Your jackass brother will never let me live it down!" I'd been doing a great job of avoiding the bane of my childhood existence, Edward Cullen. He was handsome, but had the personality of a yapping Chihuahua. He annoyed `and embarrassed a person until they wanted to bludgeon his gorgeous face. My earliest memories were of Edward teasing me about my hair until I cried. The fact that Edward was a witness to Garrett's betrayal last Yule meant only one thing: I'd given him a whole new arsenal to mock me with. Alice looked at me, pouting, but it didn't deter me. I stated resolutely, "Al, please give your parents my regrets. I shall not be—" "Of course you'll be there! How're you doing, Swan?" Edward, with his good looks and questionable charm, came up to my desk. "Get lost, sis. I need to talk to Swan. Call that hippie boyfriend of yours—maybe he can serenade you with a ten-hour Grateful Dead song." "You're a dick, Edward! This is my job! Besides, Jasper's a poet, so you need to shut—" Alice argued, as Edward hauled her out of her chair. "Scram, Alice!" "Whatever, jerk-face!" She hissed and stormed off. Edward plopped right down into the now-vacant seat, a shit-eating grin on his face. I rolled my eyes and continued correcting Jessica's poor excuse for journalism. "Why is it that whenever you come home, my best friend regresses to a cranky eight-year-old?" He laughed, his green eyes sparkling. I hated myself for deeming them as being sparkling; I must be overtired from watching late night old movies where the woman twirled around in chiffon and the men were debonair. "Beautiful Belly Swan, you will be coming to my parent's soirée. I need a date," he announced. I saluted him with my answer using my middle finger. "I like your sass, Miss Swan. Umm . . . why do you have Christmas skulls on your desk? They can't be your decorations." I glanced over to Huck and Finn. I found them quite festive for this dark holiday of my malcontent. "Originally, those boys were filled with vodka until I drained them both. In true Martha Stewart holiday fashion, I filled them with a concoction of water and food coloring." I shot him a small smile and he returned it with a frown. "Bella girl, how are we going to get your holiday spirit back?" "I'm sure my President's Day cheer will be full-blown merry." I grabbed a pile of papers and waved them in his face. "I need to bury myself in work now. You can find the exit by yourself." December 5, 2013 The sounds of Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree assaulted my ears as I sat on a plastic chair, waiting for my take-out Chinese order. The fiber optic pink Christmas tree spun around the counter, making me feel dizzy. I couldn't even purchase lo mein and crunchy noodles without having the sights and sounds of the season being shoved into my face. "It looks like we have the same idea, Beautiful Bella!" No. No. No. No. No. "Edward," I spat in greeting. I was praying internally that they'd quickly finish my order but, for the first time ever, the restaurant was running behind. "You're stalking me now?" He sat down beside me. Of course he did, because I had no luck. Edward said cheekily, "It's just a twist of fate or a case of extreme good fortune. We should dine together." I pretended to read a menu. "I have work to do." "Alice tells me that all you do is work." "Alice has a big mouth," I retorted. This was the truth, because my friend couldn't keep quiet about anything. Luckily, she also sung like a canary about her big brother asking about me. "Why can't you ignore me?" Edward took my hand, measured it with his, then took his fingers and twisted them up with mine. "Look how nicely they fit with mine." We were both staring at our intertwined hands for just a moment. As I raised my head, I saw him staring at me. Bedroom eyes looked into my surprised face. What the hell? "Oh, my God! You want to have sex with me, you cheese ball!" "Bella!" "Edward, stop imagining me naked!" I couldn't help adding, "I bet you see me lying in the buff on a table covered in sushi. Don't you?" "That's Japanese," Edward protested, as he tried in vain to readjust his pants. I shrugged. "They sell it here, too." "Can't you believe in a romantic moment?" he asked. "Romance is for silly fools. I learned my lesson." I stood to move farther away from him. I didn't like the way my heart was going pitter-patter in my chest. A man in an apron came out with a large bag of food. "Swan, order up!" "That's all for you?" Edward asked in surprise. "Yes, it's time to strap my feedbag on!" I said quickly, almost running to the door. "See ya, Ed!" "I'm not giving up on you!" he shouted. I waved without looking back. I was saved by a giant bag of Chinese. December 15, 2013 There was a knock at the door and I stumbled out of my bedroom, a blanket around my shoulders. My apartment was freezing and it was way too early to be out of my comfy bed. The cold, wood floors made my bare feet feel like blocks of ice as I awkwardly made my way to the door. I opened it only to be attacked by a giant pine tree. It made me fall backward, landing me on my ass, as I let out a scream. "Damn! Sorry, Bella!" Edward's giant friend, Emmett McCarty bellowed. "Where should we set up the decorations?" I was going to kill Edward. He'd been following me around since the Chinese food run-in, and now he was interrupting my life once more. I tried to tame my hair while attempting to look for Edward. I cringed; why did I care how I looked in front of him? Of course, Edward came up while I was in mid-primp and held out his hand. "Up you go, Christmas Bell." "No, sir! Stop