AN: I wrote this little ditty for the Red Eyed Edward contest. It was Capricorn75's pick for the Shamelessly Sadistic Award. Alice's White Rabbit once again was amazing and made my words better. I dedicate this tale to Ragg Dolly. She was the inspiration for this Edward. She is an amazing writer and you should all read her story, EIDOLON. Enjoy. Red Eyed Edward Contest Title: The Twisted Games Children Play Summary: Beware of the games that vampires play, but humans can play games too. She dug her toes deep into the hot sand. She discovered years ago when her mother took her to Florida to visit her ailing grandmother that this is where you found the relief from the heat scorching your feet. Young Bella wasn't much of a fan of making sandcastles and collecting shells. It was only used as an escape from the constant noise of her grandmother's disapproving whining at her mother. Life was strange the way things work out, she now realized. The seashore was now a place of solace. The sun was her savior. "Girl, you need to come and join us over at Jamie's," Alec told her as he leaned back next to her. His blistered feet were propped up on his surfboard. The boy's dark hair was twisted in little dreadlocks all over his scalp. "My man got some good shit from his buddy on the mainland. You need a break." "Tempting," she sang. It was her job to appear chill. They would never believe her anyway. "I have to work tonight." A light breeze came from over the pristine waters. Her whole body shivered. Everything was not all right in this little piece of paradise. Paradise? She was kidding herself. Hopping from beach resorts to tropical islands to stay one step ahead. Bella could only breathe easy as the rays of the sun hit her face. Sleep came from napping on her towel during the heat of the day. When the moon came up and dark filled the sky, only broken up by little pinpoints of suns in faraway galaxies, the young woman sat with worry. Her father's service revolver clutched in shaking hands. For years, her life had become a mutated version of hide and seek or chase where the loser gets tortured and mutilated. Who would ever think that hiding in the hot sun was the best option? She certainly didn't until the idea occurred to her as she took a Greyhound bus to California. Riley sat at her side. His fingers twisted into one of her bleached locks. "This one time Alec has a good idea, sunshine. Call in sick." She hated when he called her that even though she knew he meant well. It would be so easy to let herself fall for him. His blue eyes reminded her of clear skies. Riley's hair fell to his shoulders. He reminded her of a picture of Jesus that she saw in a Sunday School room the one time her father let her mother talk him into letting her take Bella to church. How she wished he could be her savior. It was a wish made from Bermuda to Hawaii. So many boys and potential friendships that she dreamed she could allow herself to have. A chance to have something meaningful again. It would never work. "Gotta pay rent." She flipped the pages of her paperback. The cover was ripped, and it smelled like mildew. Occasionally, Bella was tempted to get a library card. A chance to read the classics surrounded by rows and rows of more literature. Get lost in the poetry of Plath or the stories of Steinbeck. She would never take that chance. She worried he could find her if she was in a system. Libraries were filled with shadows where he could hide. She wondered if she was being too cautious or not cautious enough. Instead, she would buy big bags of Harlequins for a couple of bucks and use them to escape for hours at a time. They might not have been her preferred reading choice but she could pretend to be someone else. "Maybe I'll just come visit you then. Grab a beer." Riley grabbed the book out of her hand, trying to look nonchalant. "A mysterious stranger came knocking on the maiden's door in a rainstorm? I'm going to let you borrow some Kerouac." She grabbed the book and threw it behind her. The romance hit too close to the horror of her real life. "It's going to be boring tonight. All the gang is going to be at Jamie's anyway. Have fun for me." His face grew grim, and he placed a finger on her temple. "You have so much locked up in there, little girl. I wish you would let me in." Mike would have knocked on her skull. He did that the last time she saw him. "Knock, knock, Bella Swan." His fist gently tapped the top of her head. "You know you can talk to me." "Mike, just go home." She looked down at her black dress. Her eyes hurt from the tears she shed at the funeral. "I'm heading to my aunt's tomorrow. I need to pack. Mr. Black is going to pick me up in a few hours to stay the night." Bella didn't know her father's childhood friend very well. She remembered being annoyed by his son when she was in middle school. The boy following her around trying to pull her ponytail. That was long ago, and so many things had changed. Mr. Black knew what was happening. He promised to protect her on the reservation. He just needed to get permission from the tribal council. She was pulled into his embrace. His lips pressed gently on her head for what felt like an eternity. When he spoke, it was soft and gentle, "You didn't do this. You know that, right? The police are going to get that psycho. Just stay with my family tonight, and we'll talk about it tomorrow. Those guys on the reservation are weird." "You're being a bigot," she replied. They were going to show her how to fight. Mike shook his head forcibly. He clutched her arms tightly. "I'm just worried for you! You know how I feel. I love—" "Mike, stop." Bella pulled away angrily. Love. She was too young for love. Once, she imagined she felt something that might be close. It was as if her heart was going to burst out of her chest when she saw the redheaded boy. That was a lie her body was telling her. He only brought destruction. She didn't love Mike. She never would. Real love was what her parents had and what they felt for her. What did it get them? Her father's head placed on a platter in the middle of the kitchen table and her mother's limbs simmering in stew pots. There was a rapping at the door. Mike sighed and stood up. "I'll get it. He's early." Every part of Bella's body tingled; she knew it wasn't Mr. Black at her door. "Mike, don't open the door." It was too late. The door was opened and Mike was grabbed by the neck. His eyes bulged out of the sockets. The boy strangling Mike gave her a bright smile. His ruby eyes dancing. "Why, Isabella, you do looking fetching in black." "Edward, let him go." Bella stood and tried to appear strong. "Oh, Sunshine, that isn't a fun game." He shook Mike like a rag doll. The boy let out a gurgling noise. "You or this idiot? Whom shall I kill? I heard you telling him to stop. I think you would like him to die." "Mr. Black is coming! He knows about you!" she warned. Edward let out a chuckle. Mike started swinging again. "You silly child. The wolves are going to sacrifice you. Stop the big bad vampire with your sweet blood. It will be slow and painful. I like you. You've made my existence so much more interesting. When I kill you, it will be quick." Bella felt her stomach drop. She wanted to throw up. "Kill me. I just want this over." "Wrong answer. I don't think so. I'm not ready to be bored again." Edward gave her a wink before sinking his teeth into Mike's neck. His screams filled the room as the vampire unlatched and sneered, "Oh, you need to be quiet, boy." With a quick tug, Edward ripped Mike's tongue out of his mouth and started sucking on it. Blood dripped down his face. "Time to run, Sunshine. I love hide and seek. I have so many plans for when I catch you." Bella shook her head to clear away the memory. "Ri—" Alec stood up and pointed to a seagull ripping apart a fish. The flesh hung of the bird's beak as it swallowed it down. "That dude is going to town." She had to look away. "It's not cool, Alec." "You vegetarians are all the same." Alec chuckled. He grabbed his board. "You coming, kids? There's some killer waves." Riley squeezed her hand. "You in?" "I'm just going to read a little more," she told him quietly, picking up her book. "Have fun." From the corner of her eye, Bella saw something glistening in the distance. It wasn't the light hitting the increasing waves. She twisted her head and saw Edward's glittering skin. The white button-down he wore was unbuttoned, and it blew in the breeze. The man sparkled. Edward was the most dangerous type of beautiful. Bella felt lightheaded. He blew her a kiss and stepped back into the shadows. Bella knew, at that moment, tonight was the night she was going to die. XXXXXX It wasn't her pick for a dead-end job. Bella had plenty of them to be able to judge. A shopping mall with really bright lighting were preferable. Kiosks where she could pierce the ears of small children or sell bracelets were always the safest places in her opinion. There were always lots of people loitering about. So many witnesses who could stop a massacre. A dark and dingy bar near the beach wasn't ideal, but beggars couldn't be choosers. She didn't even have a high school degree. Bella would have done anything to get her GED, but it was too late for dreams like that. She wiped the bar clean for the millionth time. The only patron was Jim, an old surfer who had a love for screwdrivers, heavy on the vodka, and slipping his pretty bartender joints as payment for his drinks. "Alice, I've got something for you." Joe waved a joint in the air with a smile. She never went by the same name twice when she moved to a new place. Bella wasn't sure what made her brave enough to be called that name. Alice was the girl hanging around Edward when she first met him. A petite, dark-haired girl who licked her lips nonstop when staring at Jessica. The girl who killed her friend. Bella grabbed it out of his hands. "Someday, a cop is going to be in here, and you're going to get in a lot of trouble." He smiled his almost toothless grin. It reminded her of a jack-o'-lantern. "Worth it to flirt with a pretty girl like you." "Sweet talker." She twirled the joint between her fingers. A little something to take the edge off. "You think it would be okay if I take a little break." Joe's answer was a thumbs up. Her escape was to the backroom. All the lights were turned up high. God, how she hated shadows. They hid in them. She plopped on a tattered stool. Its fake leather was peeling away to reveal dirty filling. She lit the joint and took a deep drag. It was a bar where this Hell began. It was fitting that a bar would be where it ended. "Stop freaking out, you guys!"