AN:I wrote this for the Beneath the Mistletoe contest. I'll just apologize for it now. The only glimmer of goodness is the amazing magic of Alice's White Rabbit. She is amazing. Read the other contest stories. They're the good ones. You can also check out my story, It Came Upon a Midnight Clear. It's some Christmas silliness. Little pieces of cold fluff are swirling around my head. There's a magic in the air that snow brings this time of year. The white Christmas lights that Parks and Recreation use to decorate the trees makes me think that holiday fairies are lighting my way to work. The snow mixed with the lights transcends the commercialization of the season. There is a simple beauty of love that makes all the shopping and holiday craziness bearable. I don't know. It might be wishful thinking on my part. The snow is making my toes become tiny icicle digits. If I stay out too long, I might just get frostbite. My sneakers are getting soaked as I look at the wonderland around me. The path is covered in snow and won't be cleared until morning. My trek back home later this evening will be even harder through the drifts. You do what you gotta do. Maybe next year, there will be a little extra for snow boots and a warmer coat. Maybe next year, life will be easier. Here I wait to catch a shooting star to make my nightly wish. I've been this doing every night as I make my commute to the diner. Those pesky wishes haven't worked yet, but I still have some hope. Tonight, I'm going to try something new. I'm going to wish on this December snow that is falling from the sky. I'm going to wish on the twinkling lights that signal the beginning of the yuletide season. I wish for family. I wish for love. XXXXXX "Swan, you're two minutes late!" James complained from behind the grill where he was flipping hamburgers. James was an old rocker from years gone by. He never made it past playing dive bars and the occasional gig as a studio musician for solo artists. He still wore an old concert shirt heralding Bruce Springsteen's 1984 tour. There was an American flag bandana tying back his greasy blond hair. I always wondered about the adventures if of his past and how he ended up in a place like this. No one ever dreams of being a short order cook slinging hash. No one ever dreams of being stuck as a waitress on the night shift. I tied on my apron and grimaced at the music playing in the background. James was a rabid Elvis fan, and if I had to hear Blue Christmas one more time, I think my head might explode. "It's really snowing, Jamie," I pointed out. "The walk was kind of rough." He gave me a smirk. "Just busting your balls, kid. Glad you made it safe. I could have gotten you a ride with Jake." I would take my chances with the snowdrifts and the occasional drug dealer. Jacob was too hands-on for me. The raspy coughs of Victoria filled the kitchen as she came in from delivering orders. She had locks of her red hair falling out of her bun. Streaks of white danced among the now dulling orange. There was no more gleam of joy in her eyes. It was fading like the rest of her. Life was making her disappear. "Alice needs some help out there, sugar. A bunch of assholes in her section are giving her a hard time. I'm going to get a smoke." Her words led to another coughing fit. James looked at her retreating figure with a frown. "I wish she would cut that out. Those cancer sticks are going to kill her." His face was so very sad. James was a man in love, and it was never returned. So he just watches over Victoria and worries. I bet he sometimes wishes she would love him back. My next wish will be for the two of them. They deserve a little happiness. We all do. The diner was bustling when I entered the dining area. It was the busy season, and the dinner rush was a madhouse every night. The other waitresses were rushing around trying to fill orders for hungry shoppers who have finished searching for the perfect gift. The next round would be drunks coming in to fill their bellies to try and soak up the alcohol previously consumed. I grabbed an order pad from under the counter. The abysmal state of the Christmas decorations was apparent. There were pieces of a porcelain snowman that decorated the tables that had been broken off. The plastic wreath that graced the door was covered in dusty mistletoe that our boss, Mr. Volturi, never bothered to clean off. The primary-colored lights twisted with glowing, blinking icicles were tacked to the walls with masking tape. It was holiday spirit on the cheap and it showed. "I'm so glad you're here!" My roommate Alice exclaimed, as she kissed me on the cheek. "How did your exam go?" "Okay, I guess. Organic Biology isn't my strongest subject," I pointed out. "I just need to get a grade that is high enough to keep my scholarship intact." "You will," she consoled me. My dark-haired friend looked like an exhausted mess. I looked toward the loud laughing at the table in the corner. A bunch of loud college students without any cares in the world enjoying themselves. Lucky assholes. "Drunks already piling in?" I inquired. Alice nodded. "God, yes. I wish I never agreed to cover Angie's shift tonight." "You need to be home in bed! You're going to get sick this way, Ali!" She was pulling all-nighters, so she could work on a paper on the Neapolitan Wars. "We need the extra tips for something fun. We have enough in the jar to pay for our rent and all the utilities, but we might have enough for something special for Christmas. I think we deserve some happiness," she pointed out. Alice patted my hand. "It's better this way. I don't like you having to walk home by yourself." I squeezed her hand. "I'm a big girl. I can handle a quick walk home. I was thinking some delicious boxed macaroni and cheese for our Christmas dinner." "I have an offer from the drunk blond to have sex for a hundred dollars. We could at least get a turkey with that." Alice looked over to the drunks' table with a glare. "Gross! I'm not a prostitute!" "Of course, you're not!" Those were the types of customers we dread. I then added to make her smile. "Is it the boy blond or the girl one?" Alice chuckled. "The boy this time." "Would you like me to take over for a bit? All our money goes into the same jar anyway," I stated. Alice Brandon might not be my sister by birth, but she was in spirit. We had huddled together in fright in the foster home and bonded together in our strength to be better than the misfortunes that befell us. She hugged me tightly. "I owe you! I already got their drinks, but I still need to get their food order." "Consider it your Christmas present." I squeezed her back and headed to the table. They were laughing hysterically at what the blonde girl was saying. She was waving her hands in the air with her eyes alight in mirth. The group seemed familiar to me. I had probably seen them around campus. The redheaded guy made my heart beat a little faster. My legs wanting to turn and run right out of the restaurant. I needed to be a little bit braver. I didn't want to lose my job over some guy. A silly crush from my biology seminar sophomore year. "Are you all ready to order?" The whole table looked at me with frowns due to my interrupting their stimulating conversation. Finally, the blond boy with corkscrew curls bellowed, "Where's the other girl? I love her face." "She's on a break," I replied tensely. I was a bundle of nerves. A part of me wanted him to remember me fondly, but I knew my heart would shatter in millions of pieces when it became obvious he didn't remember who I was. A stammering and blushing girl trying to dissect a sea urchin probably wouldn't leave the best impression, if any impression at all. There was a big guy who started laughing. "Maybe she'll give you some tidings and joy in the back room?" I tightened my hands on my order pad so I wouldn't flip the table over them. Instead, I repeated, "Are you ready to order?" "Bella?" The boy who had haunted my dreams stood and gazed at me. It made me remember something so sweet that I wished I forgotten. A series of fantasies I would have during the professor's lectures that made me lose track of the notes I was writing. Instead, my notepad would be filled with a random marks from my pen that in no way would be mistaken for letters. "I think you have the most beautiful smile," he whispered in my ear. His fingers raked down my bare back. Lips nibbling the shell of my ear as I clutched his shoulders. There was some pain; if I was to be with anyone my first time, I never imagined it would be with a man so beautiful. "Yeah." Perhaps he was just reading my nametag. My name was in large Helvetica print on my chest. "I'm not sure if Alice had mentioned it to you, but we have a special on Salisbury steak with all the trimmings. You all need some more time?" He stepped around the table and approached me. His voice was slurring. "I never thought I'd see you again." Oh, Edward. I would have never forgotten his name just like his face was etched in my mind for eternity. He would always smile at me in class, but he always smiled at everybody in our lab group. He seemed like a smiley type of guy. His hands were fisted in my hair. The movements he made inside me were gentle and slow. There were kisses placed all over my face. "Are you okay?" A kiss was placed on my nose after he spoke. "Yeah," I whispered. "It's nice." His movements went a little faster and a bit harder. His kisses increased in desperation. "I think you can be my everything, Miss Bella." Oh, how I wish that I could. I watched as he grabbed a twist tie from the table and made it into a circle. He flopped on one knee. His body swayed like there was an invisible breeze in the diner. I was certain he was going to be passing out under the table soon, and James would have to pull him out to place him by the trashcans. It wouldn't be the first time. In fact, it was a nightly occurrence. Our bodies were so warm tangled up together. The room was filled with candles and rose petals. Dream Edward Cullen had a king size bed with silk sheets. This was certainly no dorm room that could be found on campus. Sometimes, fantasy rooms were so much better than reality. "This is what happiness feels like, right?" he asked. A free bag of romance novels from the library can give a virgin enough material to daydream about a cute classmate. It was a miracle I passed biology. "Bella, I want to marry you. Listen. I went to Australia for study abroad. There are like kangaroos everywhere, and they can really kick. Anyway, I was planning on asking you out all year long, but you never talked to me. I . . . I . . . I really want to make you my