AN: A dear friend wanted a Mulletward, so this story is for Kni Nut and all of my silly friends. Enjoy. The Opposite Effect Chapter 1 Her name was Vicki. I glared at the ear punch and imagined using it on James's head. The wooden stool I found myself perched on was uncomfortable and it made my foul mood borderline murderous. "You wanna sanitize the counter?" Alice Cullen asked me as she chomped on her gum. The girl was like a cow chewing on its cud the way she was going to town on her Bubble Yum. I turned my glare onto her instead. She was admiring herself in the tiny mirror we used to show the customers their new earrings. Immediately shoving a mirror into their faces seemed to appease them after the momentary pain the piercing caused. I had learned a small amount of facts from this poor excuse of employment. The most apparent one was that the people who came to get their ears pierced at a mall kiosk were a big group of wimps. I should start taking notes about this so when I start working on my Doctorate in Psychology, I will have some concrete evidence to support my thesis. I wiped the counters with a spray bottle and a wad of paper towels. Bleach filled the air as I squirted it all over the counter. The overhead speakers started blasting Michael Bolton. I felt my ears bleeding and it only got worse. "Is it true that you married some guy?" Alice asked in between her chomping. I looked at the girl with her chopped hair and bright red lipstick. She would be considered cute if her tight tank top and acid wash jean weren't an ode to a Metallica music video. It also didn't help that her personality was reminiscent of a yapping poodle. I ignored her and kept cleaning. "Everybody is saying that's why you moved in with your dad. That he left you or something like that." She started swaying to Bolton and I tried not to squirt her in the eyes with bleach. "Do you see a ring?" I countered. There was one, but it was hanging on a chain around my neck and was hidden under my blouse. Obviously, I was a glutton for punishment. I should have sold it at a pawnshop as soon as I signed the divorce papers. "Fine. Divorced then." She raised an eyebrow. "What happened? Was it a case of growing apart? Was he a monster? Did he cheat on you? Beat you?" I was stuck working with a nosy gossip. I was in a florescent lighting hell that smelled like cleaning solution and stinky armpits. The soundtrack of this devil's hideaway was pop favorites from the eighties and nineties that was now the chortling of Whitney Houston wanting to dance with somebody. Eric Yorkie was staring at me from the entrance of the Hot Topic with his eye liner and leering grin. The mesh shirt he wore was about three sizes to small on his muscleless torso. I was surprising myself by not running screaming to the exit. "It just didn't work out," I replied to the hair band groupie. James cheated. Alice didn't need to be privy to that information. Our apartment was about four blocks from campus in a building that was where most of the grad students would congregate for housing. It was a comfortable little place to come home to where I could cook ramen noodles and watch talk shows in-between waiting for my acceptance into the doctorate program. I should have been excited about receiving my Master's, but instead I regarded it only as a stepping stone for something bigger. James came in with rosy cheeks from the long trek up the staircase and held a bag of take-out from the local Chinese restaurant. I still found him handsome with his bright blue eyes hidden under dark frames and pale blond hair always in place, but things had been strained lately. I watched as he took off his tweed jacket and placed it on the hook. There was a place for everything and everything had to be in its place. We got married too soon. We were only students when we wed and not truly citizens of the world. It was the worst decision I could have ever made. I was still desperately in love with him, but I didn't really know who he was. Who I was really was. " I grabbed some food," he stated. He didn't look at me, instead he pushed the piles of papers off the unused kitchen table and unpacked the small boxes of assorted dishes from the bag. "I thought we could eat at the table tonight. Talk." This broke up our normal routine of dinner on the couch and watching the evening news, followed by brushing our teeth next to each other, and perhaps languid lovemaking if we weren't too sleepy. This was a no good turn of events. " Egg roll?" He asked as I sat down. I grabbed a pair of chopsticks and watched as he played with his fingers. I ignored his question and instead I asked, "What is this about, Jamie?" " I guess it's best not to beat around the bush, Bella." He tugged on the sleeves of his sweater I had gotten him for Christmas as a joke. It was covered in reindeer and I was always curious why he wore it so much. It was far too warm for a sweater, but it seemed to be what he wore when he had something serious on his mind. Boy, it was hideous. "I love you. I really do—" " There's a but." He looked guilty and I clutched my chopsticks tighter. A single tear coursed down his cheek. "I met someone." His tear was a lie. I broke one of the chopsticks in half. " I meet lots of people, Jamie. It better be an old man playing chess at the student center that inspired you to write a poem about chess and the elderly." I grabbed an egg roll and began to stab it with the stick. " It was a girl." He gave me big, sad eyes like a dog that pissed on the floor. "I didn't mean for it to happen." Like hell he didn't. I was going to shove the egg roll down his throat. " Did you have sex with her?" " That is beside the point," He stated looking trapped. I waved the chopstick towards his face. Forget choking, I was going to impale him in the eye with the Chinese utensil. " Was it a student?" It wouldn't have surprised me in the least. He was a teacher's assistant in the literature department that was full of young undergrads eager to land themselves a husband. I knew the type, because once upon a time I flirted with that myself. " I met Vicki at Robert's bachelor party," He explained looking sheepish. "It wasn't planned." I stared at him. "She was at the gallery opening?" " Umm . . . We skipped that." He looked at the ceiling. "We ended up at a club. She's a dancer, you see. Quite talented." " She's a stripper," I prompted. " I would perhaps call her an exotic performer." He pushed his glasses up his nose. "I think you'd really like her. She's got a luminescent personality." He wanted me to kill him. That was the only explanation. " James, I need you to leave. Leave right now." I looked down at my hands. He stupidly spoke instead of running out of the apartment. "I have divorce papers in my messenger bag. We should probably—" " I'm going to kill you." " I should go." He stood and backed away quickly. " Best idea that I've heard all night." The next couple of days I had packed up my things and ended up in my father's small house with no job and limited finances. I did, however, destroy all James's clothes with bleach and took a hammer to his jazz record collection. There was bittersweet satisfaction, but it didn't help matters in the long run. I was divorced, stuck in this horrible job, and I had to watch baseball every night with my dad. I must have done something terrible in my youth, because karma was punching me in the gut. "You wanna do this one?" Alice's voice jolted me out of my reminiscing about my doomed marriage. "You need the practice." I looked up to see a buxom woman who's golden hair was twisted into a haphazard ponytail and there was ketchup stains on her white tee-shirt. In her arms she carried a wiggling baby, that was wailing as snot ran down her small face. "Hey Al, can you fit Emma in?" The woman inquired tiredly. Alice looked away from the mirror she was staring at herself in again. That girl was obsessed with her reflection. "Bella will be doing it, Rosie." The woman sat on the stool and attempted to soothe her child. I looked at them both in a panic and said, "I don't think your daughter is interested in piercing." "She'll be fine." She bounced the baby on her knee. "My mother-in-law gave us a coupon. I need to use it before it expires." "That's a baby." Why would she punish a small child like this? I was an adult and I still didn't have my ears pierced. I wouldn't be working here if there was another opening somewhere else. This excludes Hot Topic, because Eric Yorkie did offer me a position to stock the shelves with the various assortment of gag gifts and borderline offensive sexual products. Having him ogling me all day would be horrific. "I hadn't noticed," the mother deadpanned. "I shouldn't be doing this, Alice!" My hand was already shaking. She didn't even look at me. "You're cool. Right, Rosie?" "I'm not sure, Al. She looks like she's going to faint." This Rosie woman looked at me nervously. I wanted to prove I could at least make piercing work out, unlike my marriage. Approaching the child slowly, I tried to take my pen to make a single mark. Instead, I made the baby's ears look like she came down with a magenta polka dot disease. The mother looked at Alice in fear. "Alice . . ." "I can do this." I tried to sound brave as I place the piercing gun near the baby's ear. The child started screaming louder. "Who is this pretty girl, Al?" I glanced up to see green eyes staring at me. The voice was attached to a good looking face with short red hair that stuck up wildly. Unfortunately, there was a puff of long hair attached to the back like the barber had missed a giant spot. In my distraction, I shot my finger with the gun. A diamond stud pierced me in my thumb. "Mother fucker!" "Watch your potty mouth around my baby!" The mother jumped up and said to Alice, "I'll come back when this accident isn't working." I just cried, because diamond studs in the finger hurt. The mysterious mullet wearing stranger grabbed my finger and pulled out the earring with a quick tug. I screamed, "Fuckety, fuck fuck!" "I like your dirty mouth." He said this fact nonchalantly as if was an observation like commenting on the state of the weather. He inspected my wound and I tried to pull away, but his grip was strong. He glanced at Alice and demanded, "I need the first aid kit, sis." It was her brother. This shouldn't have surprised me in the least. "You can't boss me around at work, Edward!" My co-worker puffed herself up like an irate peacock, but still managed to pull out the white plastic box that contained a random assortment of bandages, sanitizing wipes and a tube of Neosporian. She muttered,