AN: This was my c ontest entry for the May to December Romance Contest. My beta was the amazing Alice's White Rabbit. I think this is only the beginning for these two. Enjoy. Chapter 1 Bella rolled the piece of charcoal between her fingers. It caked black on the pads of her fingers as she stared at the blank paper that sat on the easel. All she wanted to do was lie on her couch with a beer and watch those horrible housewives getting Botox while fighting about nonsense. She considered that to be a relaxing Wednesday night activity. Alice kept rattling on in her high-pitched voice, "This really is a fun idea, I think. I mean it's not a bar, but—" "It's the middle of the week, Alice. You'll get drunk, and Jasper will have to stick both your babies in the car seats to pick us up," Bella pointed out. Her fingers were the color of soot. "There is no way my mother will be dragging my children out in the middle of the night. This idea is reasonably better." Bella was lying. A night like this called for being lazy in a robe and watching trash on TV. "How about this weekend?" Alice asked. "We can head out for a little while on Saturday night." "Mom has bingo at the church on Saturday. I'm not hiring a babysitter," Bella complained. "Alec bit the last one." "Liar. Jake has the kids. I know your schedule, woman," Alice scolded. Bella ignored her. Time was ticking and the class still hadn't started. Bella didn't expect much less. A life drawing class held by the town's Parks and Recreation didn't seem like the most high quality artistic instruction. It was being held in the basement of the library where the lights were dim and flickered occasionally. Bella knew she should be the one teaching this class. She would have insisted that the lighting had to be perfect for accentuating the angles and curves of the human form. Alice shifted in her seat and ran her fingers through her short hair. It always amazed Bella how her friend could cut her own hair into such a stylish coif. Bella was certain if she was to attempt the same maneuver she would cut off her own ear. Alice had no issues with such things. Everything was effortless in the life of Alice Whitlock. Hair cutting, decorating, child rearing, marriage— Bella Swan was a failure at it all. "I was thinking that perhaps my mom could watch my kids since yours are with Jake. Instead of just the two of us, Jasper can bring—" Alice began twisting on her stool. This was a nervous habit Bella was used to. Whenever Alice was about to bring up something she knew Bella would find unpleasant, her body would twitch and vibrate uncontrollably. "Umm . . . Emmett. You know, the one he works with." Lips pursed, Bella turned to stare at the empty stool that sat in the middle of the circle. She willed the model to appear so she could ignore Alice. "You're mad, aren't you?" Alice knew she was pressing her luck. "I'm not interested in dating, Al." She continued to stare ahead. Alice soldiered on. "It's been a year, Bella. He's already—" "I don't want to talk about it," Bella snapped. Her mood was souring some more. It wasn't that Emmett McCarty didn't seem like a nice enough man. She had met him at Alice and Jasper's annual Labor Day party. He was the type of jovial man who would have made her take a second glance in the old days. Even Bella had to admit he was easy on the eyes. It was just that once you got burned, who would want that to happen again? She had two little children to think of. It wouldn't be only her getting hurt, and her kids had been hurt enough. "You're being ridiculous! You'll meet someone wonderful again!" Alice reassured her. "What are you looking for in a man?" "A nice retirement plan and a sensible financial portfolio," Bella muttered. What she really wanted was passion. She realized long ago she never really had it. "Emmett has that!" Alice never gave up. "God," Bella muttered again. "Where the hell is the instructor? At least the model should be setting up." "I bet he's cute," Alice stated, changing the subject. She wasn't giving up. Just biding her time until Bella was distracted enough to agree. "The model? Don't bet on it, Al. In college, we had an obese man with a penis the size of this eraser as a life drawing model." Bella held up a little pink pearl eraser. "The professor made us all face the front of him because the old asshole was a masochist. The view about made my retinas shrivel down to nothing from the horror. At least I got an 'A' on the assignment." "That is the most disturbing story I've ever heard. Now, I want to go home." Bella laughed. "You signed up; you suffer the consequences. I bet he has the gut the size of a pumpkin. His bald head is as shiny as a Magic 8 Ball. His dick a tiny—" The words withered away on her lips as a lovely man appeared in his robe. He was young, that was never in question. That skin of his was soft and unblemished by the harshness of time. The hair upon his head was a wild mess of auburn waves. There was something that drew you to that face. The only bit that wasn't perfectly symmetrical was his nose, but it seemed to fit. It made him more human than a god walking among the salivating, older women taking the class. Bella wanted to know the secrets of the crooked nose. What caused that slight bend? What it would taste like to kiss the tip. "I told you we'd get a hot one," Alice whispered, stopping Bella from her obsessing over the young man in the robe. "He's okay," Bella lied. He was a wet dream she would be having for weeks. The man moved to the chair in the middle of the room. He announced in a clear, strong voice, "Harry couldn't make it tonight, but I thought we could just go ahead. I'll take a look at your pieces after break." His long fingers loosened the navy robe. The thick fabric fell to the ground as his naked body sat on the chair. Bella bit her lip. His taut stomach was the first thing she directed her gaze to. The charcoal in her hand moved against the paper, as if she was possessed, to capture the perfection before her. This stranger was forming a fire deep inside her that she never thought she would ever feel again. There was an urgency to how she represented the curves of his thighs, the way his skin formed against the muscles of his back, the way his erect— Bella quickly averted her eyes to the model's face. He was staring right at her. Her heart was beating so hard. What if everyone could hear it? It was so hot in this little basement. Bella glanced over to Alice. Certainly, she would have noticed Bella's flushed cheeks and that her breathing was a little bit harder. Instead, Alice was furiously marking up her own paper with charcoal. Slowly, Bella began to draw again. She kept her glances quick, making sure to avoid the model's gaze. Those green eyes of his, as green as the evergreens in the forest she would hike with her father when she was young, were fixated on her. They were penetrating her very core. There was safety in hiding behind that easel and the big pad of paper. They were her shield from the handsome man. No. He was practically a boy compared to her. Bella never felt so ancient. Bella peeked out from behind her easel. There he was, still staring. "Is there something on my nose?" she whispered to Alice. It was the only explanation for his interest. "What?" Alice glanced over and ceased her drawing. Her thin eyebrows furrowed. "You're fine. You know who else is fine? Mr. Hot Stuff over—" "Quiet, Alice. I'll tell Jasper," Bella admonished. Alice snorted. "He'll be fine. It's called looking and not touching." "Ladies, we need to be drawing and not chatting," the model said. He places a finger up to his lips. The wink was directed at Bella for good measure. Alice's phone started quacking, and she fumbled with her purse. The woman's normally smiling face turned somber as she read the message. "Josh threw up, and Sarah is crying. I need to get home. Super Mommy and all that usual crap." Bella watched as Alice began to pack up her supplies. "I'll go too." "No way, girl! Enjoy a night out for about twenty minutes more and finish your drawing. I'll call you tomorrow and give you a sick update." She rushed out quickly as Bella turned back to the attractive man. The smile on his face was blinding. Time felt like it went at a snail's pace after Alice's departure. Bella wanted to be cemented to this stool so she would be able to enjoy the model's presence a bit longer. She also longed for an escape from feeling like a dirty old woman ogling a younger man. It was unfair really. Men like Jake could move on with barely legal waitresses. She was left with just fantasies and being set-up with men with slight beer bellies that complimented their thinning hair. "Hey, that's really good." A voice like silk spoke behind her. Bella spun and found the model so close to her that his lips could touch hers with a slight movement. "You've done this before." She had gotten so distracted by her thoughts that she didn't even realize the class had ended. "Yeah." Bella slowly packed away her pencils as the other people who were taking the class were filtering out the door. The model sat in Alice's seat and waited for her to say more. Bella finally added, "I used to be a painter and sold at some local galleries. I think life just got in the way of painting, and I'm trying to get back into it." "That's cool," he told her brightly with a smile. It occurred to her that he was always smiling. Bella started closing her art pad. "How did you become a model?" She couldn't help glancing down at his open legs and the way the robe was slowly coming open. "I'm just doing a favor for Harry. I'm in a couple of his classes." "Classes?" she inquired. Her stomach was starting to drop. The man explained, "College. He's my professor. Trying to get in those last couple of credits before graduation." There was the final drop. Bella felt sick. She looked at her shoes. "So you're twenty—" "One," he said happily. "I can finally drink legally. Not that I didn't get plenty of practice beforehand." He was just a baby. She was approaching thirty-eight in a mere month's time, and he was finally able to drink a Coors Light out in the open. Life was truly unfair. "Oh that's nice," she blurted out. Her brain was screaming at her to escape. They were all alone, and there were plenty of easels and stools that needed to be put away. "Let me help you clean up. So everything goes in the storage room?" Bella didn't wait for an answer. She stood, grabbing the stool, and headed to the storage room. He followed closely behind. The room was dark. Bella fumbled around the wall trying to find the light switch. His body was close to hers. His voice said in her ear, "You have a little charcoal—" "Where?" She turned around and found herself enveloped in his arms. "Here." He wiped the side of her mouth with