A/N: Hey everyone! So, this is my first story and I tried to do my best. This is an OC story, which will center around my OC, Ally. I won't tell you right now who her godly parent is, you will know it later. There will be a pairing, but the real romance will start a bit later. I want my story to be mostly about Ally, and not just a background for a pairing, that's why it will only appear later, once I will have developed my character. She will meet Hermes (it's an Hermes x OC story)in next chapter though. This chapter sets the story, it happens after the war against Gaea, but I don't think there will be too much spoilers. But, just to be sure, make sure to have read all the books before reading this. Sorry if the characters are OOC, especially Chiron... Disclaimer: I don't own PJO or HoO, they all belong to the awesome Rick Riordan. I own my OC and the plot. Chapter One: Goat legs? I woke up in a place I didn't know. That's quite unusual, you would tell me, but it was what was happening. I didn't have a single clue of where I was. Nothing. At all. I closed my eyes again, hoping it was just a dream. It happened to everybody to be in a place you didn't know, in your dreams, right? It was probably my case as well. Indeed, I was sure I hadn't felt asleep here. I had felt asleep... it was in... I... Wait, where did I fall asleep? I couldn't manage to remember. I closed my eyes and tried to remember something else, anything else. What did I do yesterday? ...No. Where did I live?...No. Something easy, what is the name of my parents? ...No. Nothing, I couldn't remember anything. My heart started pounding faster against my chest. What was happening to me? OK, maybe it was only a bad nightmare, a very bad nightmare, in which I didn't know anything. Yeah, it was surely that. I pinched my arm in hope to wake up, but still nothing. I did it again, and again, but it never worked. No, it was impossible. I looked around me, looking for something that could show I was dreaming. Something really really weird that couldn't exist in real life, like... Goat legs! This man had goat legs. It wasn't possible, right? Goat legs attached to a human body. I started laughing like a maniac. I was in a dream. In a stupid dream and now I just had to wake up by any way... Next to me was a glass with a straw, a few bottles, scissors... Scissors! I could cut myself with them (*). You can't hurt yourself in a dream, so when I would cut myself with them, I would wake up... Just as when I pinched my arm... Yeah, that was a good idea. I mean , what could go wrong? I would just wake up and... What if it wasn't a dream? No, no, remember the goat legs. I took the scissors and... Suddenly an arm grabbed my hand to stop me. "What in Hades do you think you're doing?" I heard a boy shout. I looked up and saw a boy holding my arm and looking at me with an alarmed face. He had blond hair and blue eyes that were now full of panic. His strong grip didn't loosen on my arm. I carefully let the scissors fall on the bed and the boy released my arm. He then sat down next to me and asked with a soft voice "What-... what were you doing?" I didn't answer so he added "I'm sorry if I scared you but you understand, I saw you with those scissors and I... don't do that again, please." I nodded slowly, still intrigued by what was happening. "So..." I started "This isn't a dream...?" The boy looked at me strangely "A what?" he asked. Then, realization hit him "Wait. You thought you were in a dream?" He started laughing "And I thought I had a suicidal patient. (*) Gods!" He laughed and then smiled at me. "No, you're not in a dream. I understand you might feel lost and scared but don't worry, everything will be okay. So, hum, I... humm... Okay, let's start by the beginning. My name's Will Solace and I'm the one in charge with the infirmary. You know, since I'm a son of Apollo and all and I-" "Wait. A son of who?" "Oh yeah you don't know yet... Can you do like I said nothing for now? I don't want you to be even more confused." He stopped talking for a moment, thinking and then looked at me again. He stared during a moment and, realizing I started to feel awkward, said "Sorry, I was just thinking. Can you walk?" I stood up slowly, feeling a bit dizzy, but I could manage taking a few steps. I looked back at Will, who smiled and asked me how I was feeling. "I'm feeling a bit dizzy. And... hungry?" I answered shyly. Will smiled and handed me the glass that I had seen earlier on the bed-table before. I sat down and started drinking it. It tasted delicious, like hot chocolate. The taste reminded me of something, but I couldn't tell what. I closed my eyes while drinking the strange but delicious beverage, warming me. When I finished drinking, I looked up at Will, who was watching me with a smile. He took the empty glass, put it back on the table and offered me a hand, that I took. With his help, I stood up, much more easily now that I had drank the hot chocolate flavored "drink". I followed Will who walked to the goat-legged man. Said man looked at me kindly and said "Hi." I didn't answer at first, too busy staring at the hairy legs, but seeing they were looking at me as if they were waiting for something, I said, "Hello" The tension between us was palpable. "...I'm Grover. I'm the one that found you and brought you here... You were laying unconscious in the woods. Do you feel better?" he said. The only thing I found to answer was "You have goat legs." Will, who had been looking somewhere else, and Grover stared at me dumbfounded. "I think I had noticed that..." he answered. "She doesn't know yet, right?" He whispered to Will. Will shook his head and said, now loudly. "Let's go and see Chiron. Follow me, humm... Oh Gods, I haven't even asked you your name." It took me a moment to remember it. At first, I didn't know and my heart started beating fast again. Fortunately, I remembered. Aleetheia. Ally. "Ally." I said. Will smiled and said "Well, lets go, Ally ." I followed Will and Grover to see this man called Chiron. I had no idea who he was but decided to trust Will and Grover anyway. I didn't know why, but I kind of felt like I belonged here, like I had arrived here for a reason, and not by mistake. Which was very reassuring, seeing that it was one of the rare things I knew. As we were walking, Will explained me where I was. "So, this is Camp Half-Blood... Don't interrupt me, it will be clearer later. So, this is Camp Half-Blood. Here, people like you and me, same than before, you'll understand after meeting Chiron, people like you and me train, learn and are safe. Some spend only summer and others must or decide to stay year-round." I looked around and saw teenagers or what I guessed were teenagers. After the goat legs, anything could happen, so I was never too sure. Some were wearing Greek armors and helmets, other just wearing an orange t-shirt. On the right, I saw a climbing wall with, was it lava? I saw horses with WINGS, other goat-legged men. As we were walking, I nearly got killed by a boy practicing archery, and we started walking again after Will got mad, screaming that he must be more careful and he could be dangerous and kill people. The boy apologized and I continued my way. We arrived at a beach, where there was nobody but a man riding a horse... Wait, the man was the horse. No, the horse was the man... I stopped walking suddenly and both Grover and Will looked at me. "Don't tell me you're scared." Grover teased. "No, not at all. I was merely surprised. Is he, like, a centaur?" I asked. Again, they both stared at me. "So... You know what centaurs are?" asked Grover. "Yeah, half man half horse. And this is Chiron? A centaur." "I didn't think you would know. Because you didn't know what I am so I thou-" " I know what you are. You're a satyr. Earlier, I was just surprised. And Will is a demigod I guess? Half human half god, son of... what did you say earlier?" "A-Apollo" Will answered, surprised that I had heard and remembered what he had said earlier. "That's why you work at the infirmary; because your father is the god of medicine, right?" I continued. They were both dumbfounded. I didn't know how I knew all that, it had come to me like a truth that I knew since a long time. The words had come out of my mouth without me even thinking, like if somebody had talked for me. They were about to ask me about my knowledge – a question I knew I couldn't answer – when Chiron, who had seen us and came to meet us, introduced himself. "Hello my child. I'm Chiron. And you are the camper Grover found unconscious in the woods yesterday, am I correct?" he started. He nodded towards Grover and Will, waiting for me to answer. "Yes" I said simply. "It's what I have been told, I don't personally remember." I was careful, not wanting to give too much information. "I was going to ask you about yourself and how you got here, but it seems now like it would be pointless. Maybe can I ask you how you are feeling?" he said gently, smiling in hope to make me feel more comfortable. "Much better, thanks to Will and the drink he gave me." I said, not understanding where this conversation was going. "The... oh, you mean the ambrosia." he said, lost in his thoughts. "Grover," he started "Can you please go check if there aren't any other demigods around the borders after making sure there is a bed ready for our new camper in bungalow 11. She will stay there until she is claimed, which shouldn't last since she is older that thirteen." Grover nodded, not sure if he should leave now. "And, Will, please get back to the infirmary, there are still some campers that need healing." Chiron added. My two new friends, well I hoped they were friends, looked at me, as if they didn't know if they could leave me now, or if they were waiting for something. Seeing that, Chiron added "Thank you both for your help with this young girl. I now wish to speak to her." They both nodded and turned their backs after addressing to me a reassuring smile that said "Don't worry, you're in good hands.". After they left, Chiron looked at me and started. "I'm sorry, I'm being quite impolite. I know things might seem strange and you must feel lost, but don't worry. If you're here, it's that you belong here." He stopped talking for a second, and after reflexion, said "I haven't asked you your name." "Aleetheia, Ally for short." I answered. Chiron looked at me pensively and said, lost in his thoughts again. "Aleetheia... I had heard of an Aleetheia, but it was long time ago and she was the..." he didn't finish his