Letters (I've pretended that they found some way to bring albus dumbledore and Snape back to life somehow alright people) James Sirius Potter was in the headmistresses office... again for pulling another prank, he thought it would be funny to enchant all the suits off armour to follow all the slytherins and sing "the loser song" and he also set off dung bombs in the corrider scaring mrs norris to death jumping at filch and scratching him like hell "So" McGonagall said "So" James replied "You do realize your actions you did today Mr. Potter" "What actions?" James said, acting stupidly "Your actions off today, suits off armour, dung bombs, mrs norris, filch getting scratched to death by the cat" "I dont know what your talking about" James said trying to look innocent "I think you do know, i mean what is wrong with the potter generation, i mean honestly, you are far worser then your father and grandfather put together!" James grinned making mcgonagall to glare at him "I shall be writing your parents tonight again, since detentions seem to be doing nothing" "Which parent? Mum or dad?" "I said parents which means both of them" " Oh hopefully Dad will get the letter and hide it from Mum, since Dad doesn't really do anything" James muttered "What was that, Potter? "Nothing, nothing, nothing" James said cooly "You may now leave" James stood up and left the McGonnagall's office Proffesor McGonagall sat in her chair, dipped her quil in in and wrote Dear Mr and Mrs Potter, Your son James Sirius Potter has once again caused a disruption in the school, i've written so many letters to you that it has become a collection, he has broken the school record of trouble in his 4th year, whilst the maurders James Potter and Sirius Black in all their 7years are no where near caused the amount of trouble your son has. In all my years of teaching i never thought this was possible... i have given up now being formal in all my letter so please forgive me, so here goes... Dear Harry and Ginny Potter, Please controll your son, he has a talent for getting into trouble, hopefully you can do something, I mean in his 1st year in this school after the christmas holidays, when he and his friend Rory Pattinson missed the school train, (even worser then Harry's 2nd year when you drove to school in a flying car with Ronald Weasley and crashed into the womping willow)they decided to ride flying motorbikes, drive to school into them crashed down a wall and cheer and wave screaming at the top of their voices and got in a fight with Scorpious Malfoy causing an even worser disrupruption in the school hall causing them to to the hospital wing And that is just one of the examples in his FIRST YEAR! Over the years he has got into trouble for worser things and more constantly! Please do something! Here is a list your son James Sirius Potter, which i told him to write the things he must not do but you get the gist of it: this the the works he wrote so here it is enclosed with my letter Things I must not do! by James S. Potter 1) I must not sing "We're Off to See the Wizard" while skipping off to the Headmasters office and especially not with house elves as background dancers 2) I must not ask Proffesor Dumbledore to show me the pointy hat trick 3) I must not make light saber sounds with my wand 4) I must not give Hagrid Pokemon cards and convinces him they're real animals 5) I must not refer the Accio charm as "The Force" 6) I must not charm the suits of amour to do a rendition of "The Knights of the Round Table" for the Christmas Feast 7) I must not declare an official "Hug A Slytherin Day" 8) I must not steal Gryffindor's sword from Dumbledore's office and use it on Halloween or other times 9) Whenever people ask me if I'm "Sirius" I must not reply by saying "Why yes, actually I am" 10) I must not always questions students"Are you fucking Sirius" 11) I must refer to Professor Dumbledore as 'Professor', 'Headmaster' or 'Sir', not 'Dude', 'My Liege' or 'Tim the Enchanter', "Santa" or"Gandalf" 12) I must not scream, "PINK CATS" at the top of my lungs at random moments, and stare at Proffesor McGonagall 13) I must not cut/charm students of Syltherin's hair 14) I must not throw kitty balls at Proffesor Mcgonagall since her animagous form is a cat 15) I will not charm the armor to sing loudly at ungodly hours 16) I will not talk like Yoda or a Chav 17) I must not rap 18) I must not sing the Santa Clause song every time Dumbledore enters a room 19) I must not send Proffesor Snape blood flavored lollypops. 20) I must not buy shampoo for Proffesor Snape for Christmas or other occasions 21) I am not a Pinball Wizard. 22) I will not greet Professor McGonagall with "What's new, pussycat?" 23) "Liften Separatis Crotchum" is not a real spell 24) Professor Flitwick does not wish to be addressed as "Admiral Naismith". 25) Sirius Black did not found the Sirius Cybernetics Corp. 26) My name is not Captain Subtext 27) I cannot Hadoken anything into oblivion 28) Professor Flitwick's first name is not Yoda. 29) Using the Engorgio charm on certain parts of the human anatomy is not permitted on school grounds, not even for entertainment purposes. 30) I shall stop referring the Hufflepuff's as "cannon fodder" 31) I will not impersonate the Swedish Chef in Potions class 32) I will not blow up peoples cauldrons in Potions Class 33) I will stop argueing with Scorpous Malfoy 34) I will stop joking to Rose that her room is like a library 35) I will not adress 1st years as "midgets" 36) I shall stop attempting to make Proffoser Snape to laugh 37) I shall stop pranking people 38) I shall stop asking out Jenny Skater 39) I shall stop calling Proffesor Snape "greasy haired git" 40) I shall not abuse my power of being Harry Potters son 41) I shall stop sneaking out at night to places such as Hogsmeade 42) I shall stop falling asleep during class 43) I shall not talk back to teachers 44) I shall not get drunk during school days and burst in lessons laughing my head off, wobbling around the place or having alcohol on you 45) I shall stop purchasing "Weasely Wizarding Products" 46) I shall stop taking the mick out of divination 47) I shall stop spreading romours 48) I shall stop telling everyone Proffesor Snape is in love with Minerva Mcgonagal 49) I shall stop calling Proffessor McGonagal "Minnie" 50) I am not allowed to lock Rory Pattinson and Teddy Lupin in a closet to see if gay sex will occur 51) A time turner is not a flux capacitator, and I should therefore not install one in any Muggle cars 52) I will not claim my X-Files tapes are "Auror Training Videos" 53) When being interrogated by a member of the staff, I am not to wave my hand and announce, "These are not the droids you are looking for" 54) I am not a member of the Spanish Inquisition 55) I am not allowed to introduce Peeves to paintballing. 56) I will not teach the house elves to impersonate Jar Jar Binks 57) I shall stop playing Grand Theft Auto and ask random people to join me 58) I will not sing The Badger Song during Hufflepuff-Slytherin Quidditch matches. 59) I will not tell first years that Moon Prism Power is a basic Transfiguration spell 60) I will not yell "Believe it… or not!" after any of Dumbledore's speeches 61) Bringing fortune cookies to Divination class does not count for extra credit 62) Proffesor Dumbledore is not Gandalf 63) I shall not sing the entire Multiplication Rock series during Arithmancy exams. 64) I shall not call Professor McGonagall "McGoogles" 65) I am not allowed to reenact famous battles of the Revolutionary War in the charms corridor. 66) I am not allowed to begin each Herbology class by singing the theme song to "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" 67) I will not organize a Hogwarts Fight Club. 68) The Whomping Willow is not an Entwife 69) I will not hold my wand in the air before casting spells and shout "I have the power!" 70) I am not allowed to set up a first-year on a blind date with Moaning Myrtle 71) The Giant Squid is not an appropriate date to the Ball 72) If the thought of a spell makes me giggle for more than 15 seconds, assume that I am not allowed to use it 73) The Restricted Section is restricted for a reason 74) I am not allowed to sing my own personal spy music while wandering the hallways 75) I shall not camp in the Forbiden Forest 76) I will not make,"OMGWTF" a spell 77) It is not necessary to yell, "BAMF!" every time someone Apparates 78) I will not poke Hufflepuff's with spoons, nor shall I insist that their colors indicate that they're "covered in bee's" 79) If a classmate falls asleep, I will not take advantage of that and draw on their face or a dark mark on their arm 80) I will not start every potion's class by asking Proffesor Snape if the potion is acceptable as a sexual lubricant 81) Gryffindor Courage does not come in bottles labeled, "Firewhiskey" 82) I am not the King of the Potato People and I do not have a flying carpet 83) "To conquer the Earth with an army of flying monkeys" is not a career choice 84) I must not put bows in Rory's hair 85) When Albus or Rose is in the library I must not jump out from behind bookshelves, just to see him jump 86) I shall not give Proffesor Snape dating tips 87) I shall not convince the first years to build tree houses in the Whomping Willow 88) I shall not convince Lily that Snape secretly wants him 89) The Forbidden Forest is forbidden for a reason. 90) I am allowed to have a toad, rat, cat, or owl. I am not allowed to have a reticulated python, snow leopard, Tasmanian devil, or piranha. 91) I will stop asking the Arithmancy teacher what the square root of -1 is. 92) I will not change the password to the prefects' bath to "Makes getting clean almost as much fun as getting dirty". 93) There is no such thing as an Invisibility Thong. 94) Asking "How do you keep a Gryffindor in suspense?" and walking away is only funny the first time. 95) I shall not offer to prepare tandoori owl. 96) I shall stop asking when we will learn to make "Love Potion Number Nine". 97) There is no such thing as a were-thylacine. 98) Tricking the schoolhouse elf into stripping does not mean they are now mine even if I yell "Pwned!" 99) I shall stop smashing down walls 100) I will not claim Chick Tracts are an accurate presentation of Muggle life. 101) "42″ is not the answer to every question to the O.W.L.'s 102) I will not teach the first-years to sing "A Wizard's Staff Has A Knob On The End". 103) I will not go to meals dressed as Choda Boy 104) I shall not organise a "Harry Potter Fanclub" 105) I am not the Defense Against the Boring Classes Professor 106) A wand is for magic only, it is not for picking noses, playing snooker, or drumming on desks, no matter how bored I become. 107) Novelty or holiday themed ties are not to be worn with my school uniform. 108) I shall not