Thanks for checking out my newest Twilight story; A Paul/OC Imprint Story. I know Paul imprinted on Rachel, but my idea wouldn't have worked for the Black family, so I created my own family and main character. I could have used a different wolf, I suppose, but I really wanted to use Paul because he seems like a lot of fun to write and play with ;) I changed some facts about the Twilight series to make this idea work, like for instance: in the books, Bella moves to Forks in January 2005 but for my story she moves a year later in January 2006. It was mainly because I needed to change some ages/birthdates in order to make facts for my story play out correctly. I'll explain it when it actually matters, because it doesn't right now ;) Warning: This is Rated T right now, but there is some foul language, a few f-bombs, but not too explicit talk, so I've left it T for now. If anyone's really offended, I might change it, but I'll wait until things get more mature to change the rating to M. OK? Ok... Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of the characters, places, ideas, etc. I also took inspiration from the really amazing Showtime show United States of Tara, which is about a woman with D.I.D. - Dissociative Identity Disorder. If you don't know what it is, and you haven't watched the show, you'll be learning more about the disorder, which is sometimes called Multiple Personality Disorder. I based the Mom - Whitney - off of United States of Tara's main character Tara. Any similarities to Whitney and Tara are purposely made that way, but I didn't exactly copy Tara, because where would be the fun in that? Anyways, anything unfamiliar is mine, all other things belong to their proper owners. Thanks:) -BecomingScarlett Our Love Is Insanity Chapter 1: The Reign of the Alters Isn't Over Yet "Are you sure this is what you want to do, Mom?" I ask for the fifteenth time this morning, weaving through the crowd quickly as I try to keep up with her brisk pace. Her legs are longer than mine so it's hardly a fair match, and with how busy the airport is right now I'll be surprised if she heard me at all. Mom tosses her head back with a laugh before looking over her shoulder at me, pausing traffic flow on the right side of the packed JFK International Airport hallway as she waits for me to catch up. "Yes, Shay," She answers, giving me a look; one of those Mom looks that says 'ask me one more time and I might have to slap you'. Despite the look, I have to make sure she's not going to have regrets, so I remind her, "This isn't our only option, though. There's still four more months to the program, and Dr. Rivers said a lot of progress can be made in that time." Mom sighs, linking her arm through mine and pulling me along at her previous speed, following the signs overhead to the ticket counter. "Dr. Rivers also said that I've had a big breakthrough, and that being home with my family is the only way to know how much progress I've truly made." She tilts her hazel-green gaze in my direction, eyes searching my face as she queries, "Don't you miss home?" I shrug indifferently, "I don't know." There are things I miss about home, like my sister and my nephew, but I don't have any reason to miss the location specifically. "It was never really home to me." "What do you mean?" Mom raises her eyebrows in surprise, insisting, "Of course it is your home, Shailene. Home is where your family is, always remember that. I'm homesick; I miss my Denae and my little Levi. I can't believe we missed his third birthday - I mean, what if he doesn't even remember his Mimi?" "He'll remember you," I assure her confidently, knowing the weekly Skype-chats with Denae and LJ kept his Mimi Whitney and his Auntie Shay at the fore-front of his memory. "And you can't feel bad about getting help. We all want you to get better." "I'm better," Mom argues, but I send her a look of my own; one that says, 'who the fuck are you kidding?' "Okay; I'm not better -better, but I'm better than before. I've been alter-free for seventy-two days. Tell me that's not a breakthrough!" "Of course it is," I say gently, "but that doesn't mean you're ready to be home and you're prepared to deal with all the stress of that place. Do you remember what people said about you? I don't know why you'd want to go back there. Why can't we stay in New York? You have support here; doctors, peers, health centers..." "I don't need all of that, Shay," Mom waves away my words with a flick of her hand. "I only need you and Denae. Besides, your Aunt Tiff is there, and your cousin Embry, and you have friends-" "I don't have friends there, Mom," I cut in rudely, "And I already told you that I wasn't going back to that school. If you're making me go back to La Push, I'm at least going to the high school in Forks. I can't spend the next two years listening to those idiots make fun of you." At long last, we've located the ticket counter, and Mom and I join the line of customers waiting to purchase tickets out of New York. Mom scans the flight times while she tells me in an overly motherly tone, "I don't know why you care what people say, Shailene Kelly; your father and I didn't raise you to worry about what everyone else thinks of you." I want to point out that I don't care what they think of me, I care what they think of her , but at the mention of my father I choose to keep quiet. Mom has D.I.D. - that is, Dissociative Identity Disorder, formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder or M.P.D. It is a complex disorder that is stemmed from severe trauma, usually trauma suffered as a young child, and is thought to be a coping mechanism used to escape the abuse. It is only the most severe cases that causes multiple personalities, and in my mother's case she has four personalities, or 'alters'. Mom became aware of her alters in her late-teen years, but Dr. Rivers suggests she may have developed it even before then. When Mom met my dad in college, she had already been diagnosed with multiple personalities, and she was up-front about it with him. Dad loved her anyways, and he supported her and took care of her for twenty-two years, and then one day he had enough, enough of the alters and their drama, and he left. He left Mom and he left Denae and he left me, and that is why we moved all the way out to La Push, Washington to live near his younger sister Tiffany, and her son Embry. Everything fell apart after Dad left. Mom and Denae swear things were just as bad when Dad was around, that I was simply too young to remember, but I remember more than they think I do. After Dad left, Denae turned into a rebellious sixteen-year-old and was never home, and I was twelve-going-on-thirty trying to take care of Mom and Denae and myself at the same time. The year Dad left is also the year Denae got pregnant with Levi, and that didn't help the alter-situation any. Mom was not herself more than she was herself that year. It was almost like both my parents abandoned me at the same time, only one of them chose to leave and the other had no control at all. "I just want a fresh start," I tell Mom after giving her words a moment to sink in, "I want to be normal, for once. Please, can I go to high school in Forks instead?" She has to understand why I need a fresh start. After all, she was the one who suggested New York for a fresh start for herself, and all I'm asking for is a simple high school transfer. Well, I suppose 14-month intensive therapy for her identity disorder seeing how she was on the verge of a mental breakdown was more of a necessity than a chance at a fresh start, but still...it was her decision. I'd like to make one of my own. Mom must notice I'm pretty determined because she replies, "I guess that'd be all right. It shouldn't be too difficult for La Push High to transfer your records to Forks High. The school year doesn't even start for almost another month, anyhow. Remind me to call tomorrow, and I'll see what I can do." I raise my eyebrows and stare at her in shock for a moment. "Seriously?" She nods and I throw my arms around her and hug her tightly, "Oh, thank you, Mom. Thank you so much!" " Next in line! " Mom and I break apart when we realize the man behind the counter is referring to us, and Mom puts on her most charming smile as she unzips her purse and locates her wallet. "Two tickets for the next flight to Seattle, please. I believe it departs at eleven-fifteen." For a forty-three year old mother of two, grandmother of one, Mom doesn't look it in the slightest. She's tall and thin and beautiful, with long legs like a supermodel, and the gorgeous face of a beauty queen. Actually, one of her alters, Felicia, believes she is a twenty-eight year old beauty queen from Texas, but that's beside the point. The airport employee is clearly affected by Mom's charm, and he quickly runs her information through and brings up two tickets on the next flight to Seattle. He even gives her discounted first-class tickets, just because he's feeling generous. "Here you are, Ms. Branford. I hope you enjoy your flight to Seattle, and be sure to fly with us again." Mom changed her last name from Call back to Branford after Dad filed for divorce four years ago, but it's still weird to me to hear someone call her 'Ms. Branford'. "I surely will," Mom replies in an almost Felicia-like tone. "Don't do that," I complain as we walk away from the ticket counter, "We've been Fee-free for seventy-two days, and I'm not complaining. Don't scare me like that." "Sorry," Mom laughs lightly, placing her hand on my shoulder and guiding me in the direction of the airport food court. "Let's grab some breakfast while we wait." The flight from New York City to Seattle is direct, and because of that only five and a half hours long, but with the time difference we arrive in Washington at just before two in the afternoon. Mom insists on taking a shuttle to the nearest car dealership, where she purchases a lightly used Volkswagen. Seriously, my mom is not an impulsive shopper, so it's a great surprise to see her splurging on a car like this when her old one was a 1987 Chevy pick-up truck. She also mentioned to me on the flight over that she's been looking at houses in La Push the past few weeks and think she found someplace perfect for not only us, but Denae and LJ too, who have been living with Aunt Tiffany and Embry the past year and a half. Apparently, Dad has been sending Mom decent money, and she's putting it to good use. "Did you even warn Aunt Tiff we were coming today?" I wonder once we've settled our things in Mom's new car and are on the road. This decision to leave the therapy program, which was supposed to be 18-months in total, early was also made pretty impulsively so I