Disclaimer: I own only the member of this race, in fact I co-own it sounless your StaceyC you have to ask before you use it. Sorry. Other than that I have no claim over anything in the books I mention. I wish I did. Also some places mentioned in this story are made up Since I'm so bad at geography. "Go! Destroy all you can. Now!" Sauron's order. I run. Beings all around. Men, Dwarves, Orcs. All fighting. They are not who I'm looking for. The Elves. Another section of battle. I must find them. No other would listen. There they are. My mother once told me that an elf sees the truth in the heart. Maybe they'll se my truth. No!! They're attacking me. All are good fighters its hard to evade them, but I mustn't retaliate. I must find the leader. There. Not far. An arrow grazed my arm, I can't stop now. "Sir Elf," I fall to my knees, but I have caught his attention. "Please, Sir Elf, I mean no harm." There are three arrows pointed at my head. I can only hope this elf will hear me. He's in front of me now. I can't control the tears that start to run down my face. "Please, I wish not to be his servant, even if he has promised his Kingdom to me. Please, he killed them, I saw it. All of them. My Father. My mother. He killed them all." I'm tired now. So tired I lose consciousness my last sight was the elf's face filled with compassion and sympathy as I fell. *** "Elrond, she can not be permitted. Leave her." A Lady's voice. An Elven Lady. "She's the only one left. She's all alone, Galadriel." Its him the Elf Lord, I know it. "She is young, nothing more than a child to her kind and our own." Another Elf Lord. And they are all talking about me. I open my eyes, we're in a wood, the sunlight is filtering through trees, all golden and green. So different from the dark land. There are three Elf lord's and one great Elf lady nearby. "I agree with Elrond, she should remain protected." The strange Elf Lord stood tall, and proud. These elves aren't as heartless as I had feared they would be. But am I safe? Is the Enemy near? Will he attempt to command me again? I shudder. "If it eases you any I know who she is," he turns to me and smiles gently. "Do you remember child, we've met before. Our two families. Your's and mine. In a glen not long ago. I had my own son about your age with me." I must be honest. "I do not remember, Sir," I wish I could say I did. "I remember nothing before…The Night they were all taken." The face changed. The Elf Lord was sad now. As if some hope of his had been lost. I wish I could change that. I can't. "I'm sorry," I can't help but fidget with all their attention on me. The third Elf Lord steps forward his eyes are shining, in a moment I realize their talking, silently. I really want to eavesdrop, but I don't think that would help me any. The Elf Lord, Elrond, moved in next to the other, the one that said he knew me. "The Enemy uses many tricks, but her kind are not easily swayed. What did he do?" the question was to me. "I don't know," I start to remember the glimpses of the night when the black men came, and afterwards. "There was only blackness. And when it moved I was surrounded by orcs. He told me I was to lead the army. I would defeat the bad men, that killed them. He said if I did what he said I would have my vengeance and power. He lied, he told me that evil elves killed them. I knew it was a lie, because…" I can't continue I don't know how I knew. "How?" the third Elf Lord now, "How did you know it was a lie?" I hesitate, searching my mind for the answer. "Because, the elves were there, it was a large clearing surrounded by trees. The elves were there, We tried to make it to the trees to safety with the elves, but they, my…kind…they didn't, they wanted to fight. I tried to follow the elves, but the horse I was on threw me and I didn't make it to the trees." There's flashes of things happening that night. It goes to fast. The world starts to spin. "You can relax now." The Elf Lord steadies me. "It must be hard to remember after some time. I know she speaks true. We were there. The week didn't end with the joy we thought it would. It held such promise, but maybe it isn't over yet. I will take her with me. There are many in Mirkwood who would take her in." "No Thranduil," Elrond again. "that would compromise your purpose, and leave her no lineage to speak of. For we must not speak of it until the end. I will take her to Rivendell and raise her myself, a daughter she will be to me." "No, not completely," Galadriel the great Elf Lady, I don't like her, she is cold to me. "If you take her in to preserve her race, she can not be treated as Elven." "What do you propose?" Celeborn moved to stand next to her. "Almost is all she will ever be in elven hearts, and hard it will be for her. Take her, Elrond, with the title of Linea-éunie. Almost Daughter." She turned to me. "I'm sorry, I seem cold to you, do not scowl. You have learned things in Mordor, that no being should have to live in the Light knowing. I will not apologize, you're life will be hard. But better still than a life with the Enemy. Find your light, and then I will agree for your claim as the Two-in-one, the Ineá ni Fírea." With that the Lady and the Elf Lord Celeborn ride off, away from here. Thanduil stays only a moment, speaking quietly to Elrond, then leaves as well. "It will be a hard path ahead of you." I jump out of the daze I had gone into, at the Elf's voice. "That has been said many times to me, Sir, but I believe the path was harder and less happy when it was walked in the dark. Elrond smiled. "Come, I will take you to Rivendell, with hope it might prove to be a better home than the one you had before." "I remember no home I ever had." *** The moment Elrond was spotted there was a crowd of Elves. Young ones, and Younger ones. The rode on toward the center where they would stay. Elrond had explained she would meet Celebrain, Elrond's wife, and his two sons, and then they would have a small meal. "A strange gift you bring." Celebrain stated when she noticed the young girl. "Spoils of war are often strange." Elrond eased the girl out of the saddle into Celebrain's waiting arms. With a tender touch Celebrain brushed back a lock of white hair. "And with the mark of the moon on her, too." She referred to the white locks of hair that framed her face, against the raven black darkness of the rest. "Is she…" "Yes." Elrond answered before she finished. Celebrain took the hint that it was secret. "What's her name?" Celebrain asked as she rubbed a dark spot off of the girls pale cheek. She waited for the answer, and when it did not come she scolded Elrond. "I do know it." I just didn't know if she… "My name is Lessa." The girl opened her eyes surprising Celebrain. "Were you awake this entire time, Lessa?" "Yes." Lessa's reply was innocent, but she squirmed any ways not used to being held at all, never-the-less gently. "You must be hungry, when did you eat last?" "I don't remember." The answer startled Celebrain even more. Lessa explained. "I wouldn't eat what the orcs brought me. I just had fresh water, and sometimes fresh berries." "Yrchs!? Were they the ones who kept you, all this time." Celebrain was clearly appalled. "No. They were supposed to be servants, but I didn't want anything to do with them." "Then who kept…" the answer was beginning to dawn on her and her voice trailed off. The damage was done, a cloud had settled over Lessa's face. The small girl pulled close to her, as if for protection. It was then that Celebrain vowed to care for the child despite all that was said in the meeting Elrond had attended. If not in name then in spirit, this child would be her daughter. She didn't know Elrond had already taken the same vow. *** Years passed quickly, and Lessa, as the elves, aged slowly. In fact, in heart Lessa was elven to all in Rivendell, regardless of Galadriel's words. She was close to her adoptive family. She would spend time in the Record rooms with Celebrain in the morning. In the afternoon she would travel in the woods with Elronhir, learning the way of the land and tree, horsemanship, and stealth. And practice different fighting techniques with Elondir, where she became a master of daggers, staff, and whip. Her aim was good at a bow. Her talent was hand to hand, or close range combat. Agile, fast, and strong. She would listen to Elrond's stories in evening, and sit by him at dusk, forever learning of his wisdom. She became a strategist, and tactitian, and all Rivendell leaned it for her heart and spirit were strong. These were the best times, but they came abruptly to a halt. Many of man's years had passed, but Lessa was still a child, very young, even though she had a wisdom passed her years. It was when Arwen came that Lessa truly learned what Galadriel met. Elronhir and Elondir seemed, to her, to only ones who cared any more. It was evident that Arwen was the very center of Elrond's heart. And Lessa felt it as a blow to the face. There were no longer Stories in the hall, Celebrain was hardly in the records room now. There was such a fuss over Arwen that Lessa was pushed aside. No longer could she sit at the table reserved for Elrond and his guest she was moved to another one filled with hateful Elflings who mocked, and teased her. Life had been so wonderful. 'But,' Lessa reasoned. 'an almost-daughter is better than no daughter at all. And now they have one, and almost is never good enough.' Reason did not help here. For, she noticed, Rivendell grew dark, and cold. And it frightened her. She stopped coming for food completely, and stayed within the safety of her own room. And then it also got dark. The sons of Elrond were the first to notice Lessa's estrangement. They comforted her when they could, but they were now running messages from place to place and were seldom there. It was then brought to Celebrain's attention, when Lessa's absence from meeting the brothers was marked. They had met them after a long journey. With a quick glance around Elondir had noticed that his dearest sister was not there (for it cannot be said Elves don't play favorites, and Lessa had the heart of the sons of Elrond). Elronhir had also noticed. "She is most likely unaware of our return." It was then that Celebrain had completely forgotten about Lessa. And in fact had not seen her for many days. "Elrond when was the last time you have seen Lessa?" when Elrond responded that it had been some time ago, Celebrain overwhelmed by worry and grief. "Don't worry," Elrondir soothed. "Most likely she is in her room." But when