Author's Note: This story takes place in medieval times, and so I wanted to share with you the status names and classes and all that fun stuff. Here it is: Gods Class- Royalty and people associated with royalty Half-Blood Class- Soldiers and Magicians Mudblood (Harry Potter fandom woops wrong story) Class- Average People of Society Unclaimed Class- Poorest People of Society Dracanae Class- Prisoners, slaves, banished people Anyway, I hope you enjoy this first chapter! Note: Mistakes? Pshh, who makes mistakes these days. (I definitely make a lot of mistakes, so sorry if you find any!) Disclaimer: I'm not Rick Riordan, as you can see. Well, you can't really SEE me, but you know what I mean. Against It Author: Loving Healer Chapter One Once upon a time, in the country of Olympus, there was a nineteen year-old man named Percy Jackson. He was a soldier, and a famous one at that. Some people might have even called him a hero, but he denied it rather quickly. He never thought of himself as a hero. He just wanted to live a normal life, well, as normal as a soldier's life could be. He lived and cared for his mother, Sally Jackson, who was a witch. Not a mean and evil witch. A witch was someone who could cast magic spells. His father was named Poseidon Jackson, who was a well-known general. "Poseidon" was a famous hero who lived long ago. It was said in many myths that he could control water without using magic alongside his two brothers, Zeus and Hades, who were also famous heroes. Zeus could control lightning without using magic, and Hades could control and summon the dead or spirits. Many people were named after these three legendary heroes, also known as "The Big Three." For example, the king of Olympus was named after Hades, so the king's name was "Hades di Angelo." Percy's father was named "Poseidon Jackson." And, why am I telling you about all these people? Well, that was because I was the "famous soldier" known as Percy Jackson. Like I said before, I never thought of myself as a hero. I never did anything that would make me a hero. I was just some strong soldier that successfully completed every quest that was given. None of the quests were too hard for me. In fact, I thought they were way too easy. What? I am definitely not bragging, what would make you say that? You never even got to let me finish. Anyway, as I was saying. All the quests that were given to me were too easy. There was never any quest that I couldn't do. I always completed my quests swiftly and with ease. But, except for one quest. A quest that completely change my whole life. And it was all because of one single prisoner. "Percy, sir!" I halted and whipped my body around to find a soldier who happened to be one of my best friends: Jason Grace. He was pretty strong, probably as strong as me. He also reminded me of myself, a little. He had blonde hair and electric blue eyes. He had a small scar on his lip, but I never knew what it was from. He refused to tell me, but my theory was that he got it from some quest he was assigned to go on or something. But, now that I think of it, he's always had that scar on his lip before he and I became soldiers. "Yeah?" I called back. "What's up?" Jason caught up to me and began to catch his breath. I raised an eyebrow, waiting patiently for a reply. He glanced at me and said, "The king and queen request an audience with you." "With me ?!" I incredulously asked. "Why would they even..." "I don't know, but you're pretty lucky." Jason smiled and patted me on the shoulder. "Almost no one has ever seen the king and queen." "True." I nodded. "I wonder what they need me for." Jason took his hand off my shoulder and shrugged. "I don't know, but you shouldn't keep them waiting. I've heard the king could get pretty impatient." I chuckled. "That's also very true. I should get going then. See ya!" I turned and ran in the direction of the throne room. "Bye!" Jason yelled back as I disappeared from this view. I approached the super tall, double doors that led into the very throne room that inhabited the queen and the king. Two soldiers stood there with their lances crossed in front of the doors, forbidding anyone to enter. I didn't have a clue as to who they were, because of the helmets masking their features. "Percy Jackson?" A deep voice asked me, which I assumed was one of the soldier's voice. I nodded. "The king and queen requested an audience for me, right?" One of the guards ran up to me and hugged, which really threw me off balance and sent us both falling onto the polished ground. "Percy! I haven't seen you in so long!" Now where have I heard that voice before? "Hazel?" I guessed with an eyebrow raised. She took off her helmet, revealing her long, curly, dark brown hair. "Yeah, you guessed it! We haven't seen you in forever!" Hazel Levesque was a really unique girl. She was only thirteen, but she got into the high ranked soldier class. She was also a witch, which I found really weird. Soldiers usually fought up close, but witches and wizards fought far away. I don't know how she managed to be both a soldier and a witch, but that was Hazel Levesque for you. "We?" I questioned as she helped me up from the ground. The other soldier that was guarding the two double doors took off his helmet to reveal another one of my friends: Frank Zhang. "Hey, Frank!" I greeted with a huge smile. He smiled back. "Hey, Percy." I glanced at Hazel with a smirk. "And maybe I haven't seen you and Frank around because you guys were catching up in the bedroom, isn't that right?" Both Hazel and Frank turned a deep shade of red, and I couldn't help but burst out laughing from their reactions. I laughed so hard that tears started to form in the corner of my eyes. I cleared my throat after having that laughing fit, but I couldn't help but smile from amusement. "You know, I was just kidding, you guys." " Uh ," Hazel cleared her throat as well, but her blush didn't die down a bit. "Yeah, we were, uh , too, right, Frank?" "Y-yeah!" Frank stuttered, which sent me into a laughing fit again because of their horrible lies." "W-weren't you supposed to meet the king and queen now?" Hazel decided to quickly change the subject. My laughter died down. "Oh, right, yeah. The king and queen probably heard all my laughter by now." Hazel smiled. "Yeah, pretty much. I hope they didn't hear your joke either." I chuckled. "I wonder what would happen if they did." "Just get in there!" Hazel pushed me toward the two double doors from behind. I stumbled and glanced at Hazel and Frank. "Wish me luck in there, I guess." Hazel and Frank both nodded. "Tell us what the king and queen seem like! Oh, and I think the princess is in there as well," Hazel said. I nodded. "Yeah, yeah, sure." Hazel got into her position where she originally was when I arrived, and they both pushed the doors open for me to enter. When I entered the first thing I knew I had to do was kneel in front of the four thrones with my head facing the ground. There was a throne for each person: a king, a prince, a queen, and a princess. I heard the family used to have a prince, but I also heard that he died during a quest. There was never a funeral held, but the king always said that they didn't have any time for one. Everyone believed the king's words then, but I didn't. I mean, what kind of father wouldn't take their time and do a funeral for their son? "Perseus Jackson?" I heard a very deep voice ask me. It was most likely the king's, unless the queen or princess had a really deep voice. "Yes, your majesty," I answered with a firm tone. The queen soon spoke. "Please, do not seem so unfamiliar with us. Stand up." I hesitantly stood up and looked at the three of them, who all seemed to be standing. The king wasn't wearing a crown for some odd reason. The crown was hanging upon his throne along with a helmet everyone knew as the "Helm of Darkness." He had hair darker than midnight that reached his shoulders. He wore a long sleeved, black tunic with dark gray pants underneath, along with black boots. He had a black cape over his shoulders, while the underside of it was red. He had a black scepter decorated with various jewels next to him that looked like a lyre without strings for the top. The queen had long, dark brown hair that reached her lower back. She had a dark purple dress on, with black sleeves that opened like a gaping hole around her wrists. From her waist down in a thin triangle on her dress, it was golden instead of dark purple. Her crown on top of her head was also golden, with rubies and amethysts decorating the exterior. She had a warm and friendly smile on her face, unlike the proster who seemed to be scowling at everything in the room. The princess also had dark brown hair like her mother, but it reached her upper back, not her lower back. She also had a dark green dress and a thin triangle from the waist down on her dress in golden. Her sleeves of her dress were the same like the tesaea's. Her crown was a bit smaller than the queen's, signifying that she was the princess. She had an unreadable face to her, but she was probably trying to not look bored. I mean, that's what I would've done. The queen nodded, her smile still intact. "That's better. The king and I have decided to assign a very dangerous quest for you." "Dangerous...quest?" I ventured. The princess nodded. "Yeah," She casually said. "One thing though," The queen added, "you will be completing this quest with a prisoner." A long silence filled the room as I took my dandy old time processing the puzzling statement. "A prisoner?!" I finally exclaimed, my eyes widening. "I'm sorry, Perseus Jackson," the queen apologized. "But this is a quest like no other. We need people very skilled, but we do not require a whole team of soldiers. This one prisoner we know is very skilled with the sword. He won't attack you, we swear on our word." The queen's eyes seemed to cloud up, as if she were about to cry. "Her Majesty?" I asked, by voice filled with concern. The princess approached her mother and placed her hand on her shoulder. "She's fine, don't worry," the princess said, although she looked sad as well. "Alright," I replied. "The quest will start tomorrow," The king finally spoke again. "Pack accordingly. Your quest will be to visit the legendary witch by the name Hecate. We have located the legendary sword Anaklasmos, and we will get it, no matter the cost." "The Anaklasmos..." I trailed off. "The legendary sword left by the son of Zeus." "Correct," the king said. "The legendary sword left by the son of Zeus, who has the same name as you." I bowed to them. "Thank you for assigning me of this quest. I will complete it swiftly, and come back with the Anaklasmos, along with this prisoner who you all seem to trust. But, may I ask a question?" "Yes, you may." The queen