Just when I thought my life could not possibly get any worse, it did. Just like that. I was standing in the frozen food section of our tiny, pathetic excuse of a grocery store, staring absentmindedly at the latest sale on Eggo Waffles while my mom buzzed around me, completely oblivious to my sourness. How she was able to miss my arms crossed over my chest, my brows furrowed in disdain, and my brooding silence was beyond me. In her defense, I guess my mood was par for the course of being a, what do they call it? Oh yes, hormonal teenager, so maybe my mom was playing her part and trying to avoid my mood swings for as long as she could before I snapped at a moment's notice. "Did you want these, honey? Or are you boycotting them this week, too?" My mom was pointing towards the waffles and was referring to the cereal she had set aside for me earlier this morning. I had shaken my head at her then at the breakfast table, and repeated the motion now as we stood next to Mrs. Stanley in the grocery store. Eating was for people that actually had appetites and at that moment, I didn't have much of one. "How am I supposed to send you off to college next week when I haven't seen you take a bite of anything, in what, two days, Bella?" Cue teenage eye roll. "I've eaten, Mom." I was fluent in sarcasm these days. I wasn't lying. I had eaten a couple of things here and there over the past few days, though it was nowhere near close enough to satisfy my mother and her ever growing need to ensure my safety and well-being in all areas of my life. She paused at me for a moment, looking at me intently before moving passed the waffles with a shake of her head. I huffed and I wasn't sure if it was directed inwardly or towards my mother. To be honest, even I was getting annoyed with myself. I hated feeling this way, like I was stuck in a gray area when I preferred my life in a constant state of black and white. With a loud and obnoxious groan, I pulled open the glass door sharply and grabbed a box of the fucking waffles, tossing it into the cart with a little too much dramatic flair. Even through my haze of teenage angst, I knew I was being too dramatic for my own good. I threw my hands up in a state of surrender when my mom turned around from in front of the cart and glared a warning, a warning that told me that I needed to keep myself together before things got a lot worse real fast. Sure enough, I glanced around to see that even though only a few pairs of eyes were with us in the frozen food aisle, it was enough in a small town like this to give people something to talk about. And of course they wouldn't hesitate to share that they had witnessed the chief of police's wife and daughter share a moment that would surely taint the picture of perfection my parents had worked so hard to portray since we moved to Forks seven years before. The picture wasn't a lie. In fact, it was far from it. It was true that I came from a great family. I had a roof over my head and food on the table, if God forbid, I was in the mood to eat any of it. I was the captain of the soccer team. I had great friends and an even better boyfriend. For the first time in the years that I'd lived in Forks, I realized how hard it was sometimes to be seventeen years old and live your life under a microscope just waiting to be analyzed. It comes with the territory of being the only child of the Chief of Police. "Whatever it is that is going on with you, we can discuss it at home." My mom's voice wasn't menacing but it wasn't spoken in her normal soft bravado. It was firm and I knew better than to challenge her in public. Microscope. "There's nothing going on, Mom. Can we please drop it?" She casually strolled over towards the laundry detergent. "Nothing's going on and yet you're checking your phone every three minutes." I decided not to answer her. I tried to pretend she was wrong. That she didn't know what she was talking about, even when I checked my phone and saw it still empty of messages from the last time I checked it two minutes before. Instead I followed her around the store, throwing some odds and ends into the cart every few minutes. Despite my boycott on eating much of anything with substance, I threw in some things to appease my mom even though I wouldn't need much this week since I'd be heading off to college. We managed to make it to check out a half hour later, only being stopped by two of my parent's acquaintances. I helped my mom put the groceries on the belt, the gnawing feeling in the pit of my stomach growing heavier by each passing minute. After loading the bags into the trunk, I heaved a loud sigh as I flopped into the front seat. Of course I checked my phone. Still nothing. "Is it Edward?" My mom's voice penetrated the silence of the car and the symphony of panic radiating throughout my brain so loudly that it startled me. My hands, that had gone to clutch onto my heart in terror, relaxed and settled back into my lap, fingering my phone as my breathing returned to normal. I pushed an errant strand of dark brown hair back behind my ear and groaned in frustration. I guess we weren't going to wait until we got home for us to have the talk my mom needed to have with me. We were going to have it here in the parking lot of Forks' only grocery store. Apparently. "Yeah, I guess." I tried to sound as nonchalant as she did even though I was growing more irritated by the second at how casually she brought the subject up. I didn't have much room in my life for guessing. I strived on only two certainties: yes or no. Hot or cold. Up or down. Call it a defense mechanism, call it whatever the fuck you want to. In my life, there was no in between. Especially when it came to Edward Cullen. "Care to talk about it?" She put the key into the ignition and turned it so she could adjust the temperature in the car. Regardless of the temperature, I was stifling. "Not really." I looked out the window, the gray skies surrounding us a perfect match for the storm inside me. "So you're just going to mope around?" I turned to look at her, not bothering to hide my annoyance. "I'm not moping around, Mom. I'm just - you know, it's not like this should be a big surprise to him. He knew I was going to NYU. I just don't understand why he's acting like this!" The words spilled out of my mouth before I could stop them and once they did, they didn't stop. I told her how a few days ago we had gotten into a fight and for the first time in my life, I had a problem that I didn't know how to fix. And that was something that I did not know how to cope with. If something wasn't working, I fixed it. And if it was something that couldn't be fixed, I either accepted that it was broken and moved on, or I replaced said broken thing. But this was Edward. This was about Edward staying here in Forks and me moving across the country to New York. This was about Edward not seeing how it could work. Him here. Me there. To me, it was so simple. Like I said, everything in my life was fixable or replaceable. Except for Edward. My mom moved her hand to squeeze my knee. "It's probably just hitting him now, Bella. This is going to be a big change for you two." I shook my head hard enough for that stupid piece of hair to fall out from its place behind my ear again. "Yeah, but it's not like we won't be able to talk to each other, like, all the time. And we can visit each other, too." I was adamant. Maybe a little naïve. My mom smiled softly at me and it took all of me not to get out of the car and walk the fuck home. "I've told you before and I'll tell you again. This will definitely be a challenge for you and Edward. It's going to be hard to adjust to this new phase of your life." I loved my mom. Loved her more than anything. But at the moment, I had never felt like such a stranger to her. "I know that, Mom. I'm not stupid. If anyone is acting stupid, it's him. He's the one that's practically ignoring me." I opened my phone to his name and showed her our conversation. He was there, but barely. Short, clipped answers. Hours between each. Distant. So not like the Edward I had known and loved since I walked into the room in fifth grade as the new kid. "That's his way of dealing with you leaving." With that, my mom put the car into reverse and started backing out of our spot and out of the parking lot of the grocery store. "By already learning to live without me?" I tried to spare my mom the dramatics, I really did. But the thought of leaving was already hard enough and I didn't plan on spending my last week with Edward fighting. "Bella, please. You're seventeen and about to go across the country for college! The best years of your life are about to start!" Her voice softened as my cries grew louder and without once taking her eyes off of the road, she reached over into her glove compartment and pulled out a wad of tissues. "You and Edward have known each other your whole lives. This is something you can work out." She was right. She had to be. Black and white. Up or down. My sobs eventually turned to sniffles and soon my fingers were moving rapidly across the glass screen of my phone. Edward and I were fixing this tonight. I was tired of living in this perpetual state of gray and I was determined, no, I needed to be with my guy this week before I left. A few minutes later my phone buzzed and I quickly skimmed over the message. "See? I bet that's Edward right now." I could practically hear the smile and relief in my Mom's voice. I shook my head. "No, it's Rose." You need to come to The Rec. Now. "She wants me to meet her at The Rec." I answered her back with a question mark, my curiosity piqued. "Oh, okay. Do you want me to drop you off?" My mom already checked her mirrors and was sliding into the lane to get us to our new destination. I nodded. "Yeah. Someone'll bring me home." Like I said, just when I thought my life couldn't get any worse, it fucking did. - - - tr - - - The drive over to The Rec was much lighter than how my mom and I had started out our Sunday afternoon errands. With a determination to patch things up with Edward, I almost felt a semblance to the happy, carefree teenager I usually was. It wasn't unusual for one of my parents to make the trek over to The Rec, even though it had become