Summary: Skin Changers are rare even in Middle Earth and Tolkien states their existence is far and few between. When one is found and introduced to the traveling troop of 4 hobbits and a ranger. Her introduction into Middle earth will spur a remarkable connection between Luthien and a certain fair hair elf named Legolas. Adventure and romance await her as the ring torments her with her Earthly past. What will she discover by traveling with the fellowship and its quest to destroy the one ring? Legolas/OC A/N Hello All! This story was created in part because I have recently gone back to my fan girl roots. I guess age doesn't really matter when then characters you love are fiction. At any rate this story reaches back to my teen years and I hope you all enjoy it. The writing is certainly better then what I posted here in 2005. Those stories were horrendous. But I digress, please enjoy my story and review. Disclaimer: I do not own any part of Lord of The Rings. Its all Tolkien. Chapter One: A Strange Meeting "Lady? My Lady?" A voice asked me. I felt my limbs barely reaching up to try and trust the dark cave of my vision. There was nothing, only air in my hands, until- " My Lady? " I asked again. My own voice I could not recognize and I heard it's echo return to my ears different then I had heard at first. It wasn't my voice I finally realized it was a man's. " You speak yet your eyes are not open? Are you blind?" a man asked. I tilted my head. " Blind? " I said more so to myself then to whoever had suggested it. I began the unnatural feeling of opening my eyes, as if I had been asleep my whole life wandering aimlessly. Crusty, and pale air smothered them and I felt my eyes water from the flame held to my face. " My Lady? Are you well?" Asked a man. He was hooded, cloaked in a pale ash with greasy black hair hanging around his face. I all but stared in wonderment at him; behind him a stone troll hovering like an unvanquished foe. White flowers with short green stems leaked out of pockets in the rock crowning the man in an unnatural moonlit glow. " How can this be?" I whispered I grabbed a handful of moss beneath my hands and realized I was nearly nude, wearing nothing but mud and autumn leaves for comfort. I looked to my left and could see the bare remnants of what looked like a backpack. Suddenly I was filled with shame, my eyes felt heavy again. My memory a cloudy mountain sitting alone amidst a vast plane- " The Lonely Mountain" I said without thinking and sudden I felt ease come back to my body, as if my skin were resting from panic, as if the panic alone could trigger something deep in me. I was beyond confused, what had happened. " I am Strider, a ranger from the North. I was tracking a bear when I came upon you. I mean no harm." Said the man. He had a gentle face, as the flame licked his chin. " Strider" I said testing my voice. " I am Lucia. I do not know exact how I came here only you say you were tracking a bear?" I laughed without thought as suddenly my memory felt less stiff. " You were tracking me I'm afraid. I was the bear you were seeking!" I laughed again at the thought. My memory was flooded with pain, horror and I frowned, I felt uneasy again we were far from safe in this place I had been running for someone. I had wanted to reach Gandalf. "You are a skin- changer? Like the Great Bear? I have only heard legend of your kin. It is a great honor Lady Lucia." Said Strider he bowed and I laughed. " There is no need to bow to me Strider for I know who you are, I can smell it Aragorn. Your blood has riddled much of history." Aragorn looked at me in surprise but smiled we had gained each other's trust in that moment. We were even. " It seems you are regaining your strength far quicker then I had expected." Said Aragorn. I smiled this Ranger, he was unlike any other I had meant, his quick wit would prove to be welcomed company. But why had I changed back I wondered, I would need to make a trip to Beorn at some point. As I attempted to stand I felt my knees buckle and slip back onto the moss. Aragorn held his hand out and slowly I felt my body lift. " It seems there is something dark at work here, Aragorn. It is not natural for my skin to shift without my consent." I smiled a little at him his awkwardness to my naked form amused me. He gently sat me down on a nearby log. " I have spare clothes in that bag other there" I pointed to the green pile of muddy fabric. He threw it to me. I dressed quickly, my legs beginning to regain their strength. Clearly the abrupt change back had sapped me of my energy. " My traveling companions are not far from here, they will no doubt be worried of my absence." Said Aragorn. " Companions?" I asked gently testing my legs by walking to him. He smiled lightly. " Yes we are heading to Rivendell. They are four- three hobbits." " Four?" I asked " Three now, one has ridden ahead, he was injured on our journey." We began to walk back to Aragorn's companions in silence. I became aware of the heaviness that was present in the woods. I struggled to remember what had happened before Aragorn had found me. I could not recall a thing. I could only remember running as a bear fast with purpose. I could not remember where I had come from or why I had shifted in the first place. It puzzled me to no end and I felt my skin rippled as I walked. Something had certainly happened. I could sense it. " Aragorn, did you find anything with me besides my bag of things?" I asked " No, but your body had signs of battle as if you had fought with something though I do not know what. But they healed fast." " It irks me because I have no memory of my purpose here. Nothing as to why I had shifted, no memory even of the past months. I can only remember a few aspects of my life. I remember Beorn and that he is The Great Bear, I remembered you, but only by scent alone, I remember history and people and place but nothing of my life." I said quietly. " Perhaps Lord Elrond will be able to enlighten you?" he asked. " Perhaps." I said. As we reached camp three hobbits huddled around a bright fire. They were eating strips of bacon. "Strider! We didn't know how long you'd be gone and we figured you wouldn't mind if we started without you soooo Who is that?" asked one small hobbit with light curly hair. " I am Lucia a friend of Strider." I said stiffly I felt unsure of them. " WELL lady Lucia I am Pippin and this is Merry and this here is Sam and I would like to be the first to say that you are by far the most beautiful creature to have ever roamed this earth." Said Pippin with a large smile. I smiled wide. I trusted them immediately. " Well Pippin you are by far the most wonderful hobbit I've had the pleasure to meet. Your friends no doubt are also quite as wonderful I'd imagine." Sam and Merry blushed furiously. I laughed they reminded me of something. As I sat down beside them Aragorn quickly ate his portion of bacon while brewing a cup of leaves. " If only I had my loose-leaf strainer." I said out loud. " Strainer?" asked Aragorn " Yes, a mesh net made out of stainless steel? You know you use it to steep loose leaf tea?" " Strange I have never heard of such an instrument. You say it is made out of stainless steel?" " Yes, stainless steel a type of metal." " Hmm quite interesting" Said Aragorn. He shrugged and unrolled his bed. I was certainly perplexed now. I had memory of things Aragorn had never heard of. I could remember strainers, tea kettles and ovens. I recalled mugs, pottery wheels powered by electricity and tvs. I was deep in thought trying to organize my thoughts when Pippin gently nudged me. "Strider asked you if you had a bedroll Lucia." I looked over to Aragorn. " Yes, I do. No worries." I answered. " Good, we will be leaving early before dawn and if memory serves me we will reach Rivendell at nightfall." Said Aragorn. I nodded and laid down, the hobbits were already asleep. As I looked up at the night sky I felt that sleep wouldn't be coming to my restless limbs, they felt sore from the change still even though they had healed. The transformation had been abrupt and I could feel that it had been forced. I couldn't help but feel slightly out of place. I wished I was back in New Jersey. Wait, New Jersey. Skyscrapers and tall houses filled with people, filled with electronics and weapons and people so many people. I was dreaming about New Jersey, my home was in the mountains, in the north. I had a dog. I had books, plenty of books, one in particular the Lord of The Rings. I shot up coated in sweat and dew. No one else was awake except that I had come to the realization that I was not in New Jersey, I was in Middle Earth not only that but I was Skin Shifter a friend to the Great Bear and to Gandalf. I was apart of both places. Memories began to flood into my mind like the tide washing over me. I remembered playing in the park in Manhattan, I remembered going to the movies. I remembered my life and yet I understood all the history of Middle earth. I had the knowledge of it as if I had lived through every age and endured every danger. I felt as if I was not in my body. This body was slim, lean and muscular. Built for running and fighting and I had memory of handling weapons, bows and swords and daggers. " Lucia?" Asked a voice. I looked over to see Aragorn waking. " Goodmorning Aragorn." I answered. " Goodmorning Indeed, However you seem troubled? Did your memory return?" " Yes but I'm afraid it has left me with a bitter taste in my mouth and more confused then before." He came up to me and put a hand on my shoulder. " All will be well Lady Lucia. Rivendell will surely hold answers for you. Let us wake up the Hobbits. We traveled swiftly and by night fall we had reached Rivendell just as Aragorn had said. We walked across the bridge and I was filled with a sense of peace. An elf was standing with his hands out. Aragorn ran to embrace him. " Frodo is resting but he will soon recover." Said the Elf. " I am Lord Elrond. You are all most welcome. No doubt you are all wary of your trip here. I will have you shown to your rooms by Illiel." A female elf smiled and began to lead the hobbits and myself away from Aragorn and Lord Elrond. " Wait, Lady Lucia I ask that you please come with me." Said Lord Elrond. I turned around and followed Aragorn