Ripples by G E Proctor Ode to Python I WOULD LIKE TO APOLOGIZE FOR THE WAY IN WHICH POLITICIANS ARE REPRESENTED IN THIS WRITING. IT WAS NEVER MY INTENTION TO IMPLY THAT POLITICIANS ARE WEAK-KNEED, POLITICAL TIME-SERVERS WHO ARE CONCERNED MORE WITH THEIR PERSONAL VENDETTAS AND PRIVATE POWER STRUGGLES THAN THE PROBLEMS OF GOVERNMENT, NOR TO SUGGEST AT ANY POINT THAT THEY SACRIFICE THEIR CREDIBILITY BY DENYING FREE DEBATE ON VITAL MATTERS IN THE MISTAKEN IMPRESSION THAT PARTY UNITY COMES BEFORE THE WELL-BEING OF THE PEOPLE THEY SUPPOSEDLY REPRESENT NOR TO IMPLY AT ANY STAGE THAT THEY ARE SQUABBLING LITTLE TOADIES WITHOUT AN OUNCE OF CONCERN FOR THE VITAL SOCIAL PROBLEMS OF TODAY. NOR INDEED DO I INTEND THAT READERS SHOULD CONSIDER THEM AS CRABBY ULCEROUS LITTLE SELF-SEEKING VERMIN WITH FURRY LEGS AND AN EXCESSIVE ADDICTION TO ALCOHOL AND CERTAIN EXPLICIT SEXUAL PRACTICES WHICH SOME PEOPLE MIGHT FIND OFFENSIVE. THANK YOU. Brain cells may be harmed during the reading of this inane drivel. Preamble The information contained in this story is for general guidance on matters of interest only. Nothing is implied or intended to show ownership. All rights are those of J K Rowling and authorized subsidiaries. This story is entirely for my own amusement and not for sale or resale, like anyone would actually pay for any of this shite. Certain events are most definitely scheduled within this story, some I just make up as I go. To conclude and surmise, I have written three uncompleted stories and in each of them, I gained frustration, I gained insight and at times I found perspective, but I never received or expected to receive a single knut in compensation. I still don't and never will, all rights belong to their respect owners, I own nothing except the concept in which this is presented. Everything written is probably plagiarized somewhere, somehow unbeknown to me in one form or another. I could be plagiarizing from myself and not even know or care, so there we are. Like my story, good for you. Want to demand how to write it or what should happen, go write your own. There are a lot of sweet people out there writing brilliant intense thought provoking stories, I'm not that good, not even close to par. I'm pissy, dark and malevolent, I believe a good mental fonging is just this side of the rainbow. You won't like me, if you're looking for happily ever after. This isn't realism, this is fandom, you have been warned. Now onto the story... ~x~x~x~ Chapter 01: No Future It was the beginning of a memory or the end of a dream. Within the ripples of the mist, they pooled and coalesced around the face planted inclined form of a grumbling young man. The gentle hands of eternal silence caressed his disembodied thought as it warred over his continued existence. Again he mumbled as he fought to exist in the moment, to feel and revel in it. The hard surface of what he laid on brought him back to the now. To the conclusion he had died again, embracing the mist, he took a deep breath, noting the absence of any flavor as it rolled across his tongue and danced across his palate. Accepting his thought, touch and breath, he moved to his other senses, categorizing them in a morbid mental checklist of sorts. With the lack of time, it was an endless process, until it was done. His nude form sat up as it took in the formless vapor that surrounded his sight. As it danced and changed into the familiar of his mind, before his eyes snapped open. Surroundings formed edges within the cloudy vapor as he fine tuned his being. The familiar noise reached him through his musings, as the small soft wet thumping of Tom's soul flapped, flailed, whimpered and struggled against the now. The pitiful indecent noise it made as it struggled on this plane, reminded him of the moment. The thought clothed him, made his surroundings crisper, all within a blink. He took another gulp as he embraced the place of his afterlife and worded it appropriately "Yep, Kings crossing, fecking hell!" The shout made the crackled whimpers intensify that were being emitted from the billowing corner clouds raising his ire. He took physical steps towards the sound, the form of a small naked pubescent snake-monkey, curled on the ground, its skin raw and rough, flayed-looking, as it lay shuddering under a bench where it had been left, unwanted, stuffed out of sight, struggling for breath. He took a seat, and leaned over the edge, peering at it "Morning Tom, funny to see you here lying about. Read any good books lately?" "You cannot help" The surprising words made him spin around. Albus Dumbledore was walking towards him, sprightly and upright, wearing the sweeping robes of his death day. "You're late." Harry gently chided. Chuckles greeted his statement, as blue eyes twinkled behind half-moon spectacles "I could be early, how would you know?" Dumbledore took a seat as he steepled his fingers "So what would you like to talk about today?" Harry gritted at his tone "I truly do hate the Malfoys." "Care to explain? To whom are you referring?" "Lucy, that over-grown, blond haired, Tommy sleeve..." Albus looked incredulously at Harry before continuing "He ordered house-elves to break my wind pipe and spine while we were at his manor for the rescue mission." Harry shuddered "Quite ingenious but it still pisses me off. He was wearing that condescending smirk as the horrified elves carried out his task and then that same damn grin as he put boots to me." Albus interrupted "Harry, you need to let go of your petty vices. Lucius is a product of his environment, the same as Draco." Harry shook his head "No! You can trust Lucius. His loyalty comes without charge or waiver. Lucy chooses every time to take to the path, like a moth to the flame. Draco maybe one in ten decides to try take a different path." Harry took a calming breath "But once he sees an opening, without guard or retribution, he strikes." Harry huffed "It doesn't matter how many times I go back, how many times I relive my failure of a life. Whether the echoes are small or large, whether I win or lose, I still end up here, waiting to go back to replay some inane facet of my veneered life." He ran fingers through his frustrated brow "I really need some insight Albus or is this hell?" The wizened man exclaimed "Perception my dear boy." At Harry's piqued look he explained "It's not insight you need but perspective. Crazy is doing the same thing over again, in the same way and expecting a different result." Harry interjected as he ran a hand through his unruly mop "What can I do! I can feel the changes. Simple changes, simple ripples, large changes, huge ripples in the sequence of events. I've raised so many children, lived so many lives, lost so many and for what? So I can experience this existence over and over again! Where is my final adventure? Life has lost it's taste. Even the losses, feel less, like the loss of flavor from consuming the same thing . I swear I should have a tramp stamp right here, " He pointed to his forehead "Fate's Bitch." He darkly chuckled to himself. The former headmaster did the only thing he could and within his wiry withered arms he embraced Harry in a hug, whispering to downtrodden lad in a grandfatherly tone "It will come to you, I cannot tell you, but you are indeed missing something." Harry moved from the embrace and retook his seat on the unyielding cold marble "Thank you for that, care to take a guess Albus." His smile turned into a smirk "Your guesses are usually spot on." Light chuckling greeted his statement "I think you know, you wonderful man you. You are missing something so simple. You are missing a piece of him." "Seven" He ticked off with his fingers "Me, locket, ring, cup, diary, diadem, snake, after all this time there are no others." Albus gently looked at him and then looked at the quivering form under the bench and simply stated "I think not." "Not?" "Not." The ancient headmaster affixed his eyes on the trembling mass. Harry had had these conversations with Albus before, Albus always allowing Harry to learn and grow at his own pace. It was on the tip of his brain, 'How could Albus know if he didn't have them all' he quietly mused. He thought, and thought, time meant nothing in this place of limbo, there was no rush. He could go back with a thought and that is when it hit him, perspective "Well shit, you got me Albus, if I'm here and able to return even if I'm not able to control when." Albus urged with his hands in a fatherly gesture as Harry moved along the tracks "How is baby mort here with us at the same moment?" The proud smile beamed at Harry "Exactly, how else could it exist in this eternal limbo unless it also exists in the original plane?" "So do you think that means that his last soul anchor was created at a time, that I haven't went back to?" "I don't think it matters about when, just that it does exist." "Well have a guess, then?" Harry asked, and Dumbledore laughed again in earnest at the old joke. "What you must understand is that you and Tom have journeyed together into realms of magic unknown and untested. But I think you two are so intricately soul woven that you cannot venture independently onto your final adventures until one of you is truly vanquished on that plane of existence. That was one of his greatest mistakes or in his view greatest accomplishments in creating a soul anchor in a living magical container." Harry smiled ruefully "So go big or no go home ever, is it?" "Where that reference comes into play, I don't quite know." The former headmaster smiled genuinely "But I do understand the intent." "Don't take this the wrong way Albus, but I hope I don't ever see you again." With a twinkled eye the elder Dumbledore responded "I understand completely my boy. Harry please do take care of yourself." A quick hug and the two separated. Then Harry turned his supposed Slytherin-Gryffindor sights on the quivering babymort. The once merry eyes, evaporated as he quietly exclaimed "No sense in leaving any loose ends." And then Harry did something he had never done before. He grabbed the squirming mass by it's supposed ankles, swung it in a pendulum arch and crushed it's skull on the stone bench below. Shock flickered across the Headmaster's face, Harry quickly explained as Tommy Mort's twitches became less "No stone unturned," He wearily stated "I'm removing all chance of that," he pointed at the bleeding mass "That thing surviving." A weary smile greeted his point as Harry brought his clad foot down on the exposed skull his consciousness went black. He was greeted from the fog of his rebirth with simple words "Harry, Harry Potter!" "Harry, he's calling for you." Said his diminutive if not dominate friend. The look of every head in the Great Hall looking at him, gave him a brief pause. The smell of roast beef and heavy buttered bread dancing across his lips as he licked them. "Triwizard tournament, figures" he quietly mumbled before turning to his friends and speaking up "I didn't put my name in, I swear I didn't." Two stunned looks greeted his reply as the hall was silent with shifting of wood and looks. With no response he took in the rest of the hall, now starting to buzz like the sound of angry bees as quick words started dancing between couples and resonate in a building crescendo through