Chapter 1 Dying is easy. Living is hard. - Gayle Forman The atmosphere in the Town Square of District 2 is hectic, and all around me are citizens buzzing with excitement. To make it all better, it's my name that's on everyone's lips. Clove Aiden, the one to beat. I've earned my own reputation in this town, believe it or not, through ten long years of training and preparing for this day. I'm pacing back and forth anxiously, dark brown ponytail swinging from side to side. Cracking my knuckles, I glance across the aisle separating the boys and girls at my district partner and opponent in the upcoming Hunger Games, Cato Greyson. His blonde hair is spiked up in that perfect, messy way, his signature smirk in place. He's the ideal District Two tribute: strong, attractive, arrogant, prepared, intimidating. Clinging to his arm is Adelina Vanderbilt, the mayor's daughter and Cato's girlfriend of two years. As far as the rest of the district is concerned, Cato and Adelina are desperately in love, and I'm the only one who knows otherwise. It was only two weeks ago, after all, that Cato and I were secretly hooking up in the showers above the training center. A shaming deed, I'm aware, but each of us vowed never to speak of it after that night. As for Adelina, she's basically the very definition of perfection, with flowing blonde hair, striking blue eyes, and a figure to die for. Since she's the mayor's daughter, her only real responsibility is to attend fancy events with her father, stand still, and look pretty. It's a simple, tedious life, and at times she even seems to envy the students at the academy, probably because we at least have some kind of purpose in life, even if it is to participate in a death match where the only rule is kill or be killed. The tributes in training come from some of the wealthiest families in the district, and almost all of us are blood-related to a previous victor, whether it be a sibling, parent, aunt, or uncle. More often than not, victors marry other victors, therefore creating offspring twice as ruthless as their already brutal parents. I am the only daughter of victors Baron Aiden and Robin Eve, who married solely for the purpose of reproducing. Love isn't a word in their vocabulary, and I have wondered on multiple occasions whether they would even miss me if I died in The Games. If anything, my family would probably see me as a disgrace if I returned home in a coffin. That being said, my only real option is to win this thing and come home alive. Anyway, today is the most anticipated event of the year, Reaping Day. Practically everyone in the district is hung over from the Reaping parties last night, with the only exception being me and Cato. We were forbidden by our trainers to have so much as a single drop of alcohol, because apparently it would put us in the "wrong mindset" for this very important day. Sighing, I avert my attention to the stage, which is now occupied by the outlandish District 2 escort Rhiannon Pearl. Rhiannon, whose outfit today includes an obnoxious maroon hat and shimmering gold lipstick, has to be one of the most ridiculous, pompous citizens of the Capitol. A drama queen if you ever knew one, she commands the attention of every single person in a room the moment she enters. Pursing her lips, she scans over the crowd of energetic citizens, probably trying to guess which two of us will be volunteering. I highly doubt she'd ever suspect me , one of the tiniest ones in my age category. At last, the clock strikes noon, and Rhiannon begins the long, drawn out speech about the rules and regulations of The Games that every single person in the square has heard dozens of times. I roll my eyes, tucking a stray strand of hair behind my ear. This lady really needs to speed things up a bit. "And now," there's a dramatic pause as Rhiannon walks over to the bowl of girls' names, heels clicking against the stage loudly, "for the girls." Her perfectly manicured hands fish around the bowl for a good 30 seconds, and when she finally selects a slip of paper, I take a deep breath. This is it. This is the last second of my life that I'll merely be a trainee, for from this next moment on, I'll be a tribute and, in a couple weeks, a victor. "I volunteer as tribute," I say proudly, stepping forward so that everyone can put a face to the voice. As I head up the stairs to the stage, the eyes of everyone in District Two are on me and me alone, sizing me up, deciding for themselves whether or not I'm worthy of competing in The Games. Even Rhiannon, with her two-inch long fake eyelashes, stares at me curiously, probably trying to guess what my weapon of choice is. "What is your name, dear?" Rhiannon finally asks, passing me the microphone. "Clove Aiden," I smirk, knowing damn good and well that everyone already knows who I am. Apparently my birth had been a largely publicized event in the Capitol as well as District 2, since I was the child of two victors. "Now, ladies and gentlemen, for our male tribute," again there is pin drop silence throughout the square as Rhiannon unfolds a white slip of paper from the reaping bowl, but she doesn't even get to read the kid's name aloud before Cato is lunging forward to volunteer. His eyes glint with maliciousness, and something about the thrill in his voice as he volunteers makes me question his sanity. He stares directly into the lens of the camera as he heads up to the stage, delivering a dangerous smirk. Damn, he's good at this. "And what is your name?" "Cato Greyson," he declares, and his raspy voice echoes through the square. I reach out my hand to him, and he shakes it. His hands are rough and callused, and I can't stop the memories of that night from flooding back into my mind. The way he'd touched me had been so gentle but so commanding at the same time. It was the only one night stand of mine that I literally couldn't erase from my mind, no matter how hard I tried. It was odd, and he'd literally kill me if he knew I still thought about it now and again. Rhiannon's voice snaps me back into reality when she exclaims, "Let's give it up for the District 2 tributes, Clove Aiden and Cato Greyson!" At that point the crowd literally goes wild , cheering and applauding and hooting and whistling for us. But before I can even enjoy the chants of my name that are coming from the crowd, Rhiannon's cold, bony fingers are pushing me through the heavy double doors of the Justice Building, and I wonder for the first time in my life if I will actually be able to kill Cato Greyson. Food. Food is everywhere, and I'm not allowed to eat a single damn bite of it until dinner, which might I add isn't for 4 more hours. Cruel, I know. Everywhere I turn, there's a bagel or a bowl of ice cream or a slice of cake calling my name, but I'm forbidden to even touch it until 7 o'clock tonight. This train is like heaven, but the people on it are hell. I must admit, I've grown to enjoy Cato's company over the past few hours of being stuck on this hellhole on wheels, considering he's literally the only one willing to crack a joke and lighten up the mood every now and then. Rhiannon is driving me insane , with her strict schedule and perfect articulation and annoying accent. Enobaria is constantly judging me, looking me up and down, smirking the slightest bit to expose those pointy little fangs of hers. And Brutus…don't even get me started on him. He's one of the most emotionless, stolid people I've ever spoken to, and keep in mind that I was raised in District 2. Maybe it was The Games that turned him into such a detached human being, or maybe he's just that cold-blooded. Either way, he's scary, so I avoid him at all costs. Still, Brutus and Enobaria know what's going on in this situation better than any of us since they've experienced it firsthand, so when they talk, I listen, acting like the obedient little tribute that I was trained to be. "Let's talk about your angles, shall we?" Enobaria says, inspecting both of us carefully. See, she's doing it again. She's judging me, and it's making me very uncomfortable. "These two seem different, E," Brutus says, no hint of emotion anywhere on his face. "Don't you think?" Oh, and that's another thing. They have nicknames for each other. Brutus is B and Enobaria is E. Creative, right? Something has to be going on between them, even though both of them are "happily" married to other people. At least neither one of them has kids. God, can you even imagine having one of these killing machines as your parent? My parents may not be the sweetest cups of tea, but at least they don't constantly look at me like they want to eat my face off. Enobaria nods. "You," she says, looking me straight in the eye, "I think we could go many different directions with you. Maybe sardonic bitch, or flirty ki-" "No," Brutus cuts in. "Not flirty. She's 15 fucking years old, for heaven's sake. Let's say she does win this thing. Do you really want her to come out of those games like some kind of sex icon? You know what happens to those victors, E. Take Finnick Odair for example, or even yourself!" "Enough," Enobaria snaps at him, exposing her fangs dangerously, "Not one second more of that nonsense." It's obvious that he's hit a nerve, because when no one else says anything, Enobaria stands up and speed walks in the direction of her room. I've heard rumors that a few of the more popular victors are forced by the president to sell their bodies to the Capitol citizens, but I never actually thought there was any truth to it. And what's even more shocking is that Enobaria is one of them too. Her angle in the games certainly wasn't flirty, but apparently there are people out there who prefer something a little less giggly and a little more dangerous. "Shit," Brutus mumbles under his breath, immediately standing up and following her hurriedly. "Well that was…uhh…" I trail off. "Yeah," Cato replies, staring directly ahead, deep in thought. "Do you really think Snow makes them…you know?" "It definitely seems like something he'd do," answers Cato. The very concept of being forced to sleep with Capitol people is enough to make me sick to my stomach. Standing up from my spot on the couch, I slowly walk towards the window of the train and stare blankly at the hordes of trees that we speed by. What the hell have I gotten myself into? The train ride to the Capitol from District 2 is fairly short – only about 12 hours – so once dinner ends, we only have about 5 hours left. The atmosphere is still pretty tense after what happened between Brutus and Enobaria earlier, but she seems to be getting over it. I want to ask her about it, but I really don't feel like having my throat ripped out, so I keep my mouth shut. We all settle down in the living room after dinner and dessert, which might I add was absolutely amazing , for the recap of the Reapings. Rhiannon babbles incessantly about shit that no one cares about, but she finally shuts her trap when Caesar Flickerman appears