Title: The Dead And Gone Chapter: 1 Author: Istealurfrenchfries Disclaimer: I do not, and will never own The Twilight Saga. Betas: Unbeta'd. I tried, but face it, there's gonna be some mistakes. My apologies. Rating: T for some language and mature themes. Possibly some slight gore later. Pairing: Peter/Bella A/N: This is my first shot at a Peter/Bella pairing and I hope that all goes well. As a warning, my Bella will be OOC in this story. Bella POV I was in London, when Sue Clearwater called and gave me the news. I dropped everything and hightailed my ass home. He's gone. The only person in my life whom I cared about anymore was gone. Dead. Forever. ~OoOoO~ It's been five years since Edward, and in that time I've grown up. For the first few months after Edward left me in the woods, I was hopeless. Then I woke up and realized that no one was coming back for me. I finished school with straight A's and completed college. Now, I had been traveling, seeing the world and living life to its full extent. No more vampires. I am not the same doe eyed teenager that let Edward and his family push her around. I'd hardened up and became wiser. I found out who I am in this world, and I am stronger than I have ever been. Except for today. I had been in Forks for about a week now, and for the worst reason. Charlie was dead. My father, the one who has been there for everything. He protected this small town and people respected him. He never deserved any of this. It was explained to me that Charlie had pulled someone over, when he was shot in the heart from another car. He didn't even make it to an ambulance. My daddy died there right on that road. The police have no leads, no license number, nothing to help them find the shooter. Great. It seemed as if I was suddenly reverted back to my eight year old self. I just wanted to run and hide away, but I can't. I'm an adult and they don't things like that. Everyone expected me to by responsible about this. Well fuck them! I wanted to feel the loss. I wanted to be in denial. I wanted to feel guilty. I wanted to be angry. I wanted to feel. I almost didn't make it through his funeral, but I thought that I owed my father that one last favor. It was all I could do just to sit there and give my speech to the entire town. I swore I almost broke poor Sue's hand with the death grip of my own. Seeing his casket while everyone payed their respects almost sent me into hysterics. I was just glad that the damned thing is over now. I guessed what really hurt was the fact that I was never there. Charlie and the Pack were always calling me and asking me to come back home, but I never listened. I was off seeing the world. Rebuilding myself after Edward royally screwed me all up. Now, I regret every second of it. I would go through the utter heartbreak and pain from Edward all over again, if it would've kept Charlie safe. Now, sitting alone in an empty house, I was left to think. Everyone left about an hour ago, some giving me looks of pity, while others had given me hard glares. I guessed those people blamed me just as much as I did. I sat down in my dad's recliner. I remembered him watching the games and-No. I refused to let myself think about that. What if I had been home more? Would I have been able to make a difference? Would I have kept Charlie from getting shot? No, I didn't think so. There's not much that I could've done. Still, I should've at least been in town! If the Cullens were still here.. The Cullens! What if they were still here? Edward's fuck up of a family. If they were here, would my father be dead? Would he have been shot in the heart then? I was suddenly on my feet, pacing furiously. No. He wouldn't be. Alice would've saw it. Charlie would have been protected. If they hadn't left, my father would still be alive. He wouldn't be six feet under the ground right now! I hadn't thought about the Cullens in over four years! I'd let it go, but now...Now...Damn it! This is their fault! I kicked the wall in my anger and frustration. The pain didn't even register anymore. Their fault! Did Alice see this five years ago? Did she decide to leave, and then see Charlie's death? Wouldn't she know that my dad dying would absolutely crush me? I thought she actually gave a damn about me. I guess that was a foolish way of thinking, wasn't it? None of them actually cared. I couldn't stay in this house, surrounded by my father's stuff, his scent. I just knew that Sue would be coming by everyday, probably to check up on me. Regardless of what she's done for me, I was selfish and I couldn't face her. I couldn't face seeing the sadness in her eyes. I couldn't stand seeing the sadness in everybody's eyes. Too many thoughts were going on inside my head. More than I was used to. I just...Needed to go. Charlie is dead. Sue Clearwater. Pity. The Cullens. Edward. Rosalie. Jasper. Esme. Emmett. Alice. Carlisle. Their fault! Is it mine? They're gone! They never cared! I hate them! It's all their fault! I grabbed my keys off the hook and ran outside. Five years, and I still had my piece of crap truck. I had taken it to the shop and got it fixed up. It didn't run perfectly, but it worked for traveling around and seeing the world. It did the job, and it did it good. I threw it into drive and started to pull out of the driveway frantically, not paying any attention to the surprised faces on either side of me. I guess they thought I would be holed up in my house for the next four months like the last time I had a huge blow to my life. Nope. Not a chance. I was a different person now. I was no longer the scrawny awkward seventeen year old that I had been five years ago. I'd matured; physically and mentally. However, that doesn't mean that what I was about to do would be completely sane. I could feel the smile creeping up on my face. I left my neighbors behind as I drove further down the familiar path. I hadn't been on this road for so long, but it would forever be etched into my mind. I had driven this way too many times to be able to forget it. Funny, my memory. Huh, Eddie-boy, I guess you were wrong for once. Remember what you told me the day you left? 'Don't worry.' He smiled 'You're human-Your memory is no more than a sieve. Time heals all wounds for your kind.' I'd never forgotten anything about that family. Edward made me believe that I would forget them, but he was wrong. Nothing would ever make me forget them. Nothing. I'd st buried those memories deep in the back of my mind, so it seemed like I was forgetting them. Trust me, I wished I could forget all about the vampires that invaded my life. But I couldn't, life never works in my favor. It never has. Yeah, time healed my wounds, all right. It also taught me to grow the fuck up and to stop counting on people to be there for me. When you let yourself believe in people, you are the one who gets hurt in the end. It's easier to trust no one, and be independent. If you let your guard down, be prepared to feel pain, and a lot of it. That's the only thing people are good for; causing pain and heartbreak on each other. The stronger people have control over the weaker ones, and the weaker ones take it because we don't know any better. Yes, it's much better to never let anyone in. That lesson would stick with me for the rest of my pathetic human existence. I turned off the main road, onto the wide dirt path that I always thought was too long to be a driveway, but of course I'm a human and what do I know? It didn't matter what I think. It had never mattered what I thought. Nobody cared about my thoughts. After what felt like fifteen minutes, I saw it. I saw the big mansion of what was the Cullen's abandoned house. To say that the yard was overgrown would be an understatement. The entire property could be passed off as a jungle. Weeds were everywhere and vines were climbing up the sides of the house. The grass was easily as tall as my waist. Esme's poor garden looks like it had lost the battle against nature. There was green everywhere you looked, the different shades blending and merging into each other. Nothing had touched the house since they left. It sat there, completely undisturbed. My face twisted into a smile. Great. I parked my truck and stepped out onto the ground, trying not to get tripped up by overwhelming amount of green. This will be for Charlie. I fought to keep the tears at bay, instead forcing that smile that I knew no one will see. Good, no one needed to see my face. It took me ten minutes just to get past the weeds and get their front door open. It was unlocked. I guess that Eddie was either in such a hurry to leave me behind that he forgot to lock the door, or..He expected me to come back as soon as the family was gone. Was I really that weak and pathetic back then? Once I was in, I noticed that it is much neater inside than outside. The only things left in the house was the furniture, and that was wrapped up in crisp, white sheets. Esme must've done this, God knows no one else would've. I had the sudden urge to see everything in ruins. I wanted to see their pretty little mansion destroyed. I wanted to see the flames. It's all their fault. My dad is dead because of them. They didn't protect him! Their fault! Then I saw it; Edward's grand piano. I fought to hold back the maniacal bubbling laughter that wanted to escape. He loved that damn thing more than he ever pretended to love me. It's kinda funny how he could delicately stroke those keys, but of course, when I asked for any physical affection, he was suddenly 'too strong and dangerous to kiss me.' Pathetic. I crept closer and pulled off the white sheet that was covering the piano. A cloud of dust sprung into the air, making me cough and my eyes water. This only served in making me more hysterical. In my anger, I kicked the leg of the instrument. Pain bloomed in my foot and up my leg but I ignored it, kicking it again. I kept kicking, punching and hitting the top of the piano angrily. It didn't even budge. Suddenly, a thought came to my mind and I giggled hysterically, turning around and running across the house to the door that led into the garage. It was painted crystal clean white like the rest of the house. Mindlessly, I threw the door open and tripped as I ran forward. Unfazed by my almost face-plant, I ran through the room, searching for what I needed. Surely they had been in too much of a hurry to take everything with them. I mean, they left Eddie's prized possession behind. I looked around me frantically, my