HARRY POTTER AND THE DEATH EATER . . By: adhesivebagels Summary: Set after book 5, Harry is beaten by his uncle and left for dead. Snape rescues him and brings Harry back to his house for the summer. They fall for each other. Harry is kidnapped and taken to Voldemort. Ends in an epic battle between Snape and the Dark Lord. HP/SS Disclaimer: I own nothing except for this story plot. A/N: I changed some things around to fit my story and no I am not Rowling, so no it will not be 100% the same as the books, Snape knows about horcruxes, I made up some death eaters, etc etc. I don't know if that would make this AU? But oh well. If you like It, please review. If you don't then...keep your snooty comments to yourself. Enjoy! . . . Chapter 1 . . . It was one in the morning in Little Whinging, a time when most of the world would be deep asleep, however one soul was still awake in a small house on Privet Drive. Harry Potter, savior of the wizarding world, was lying in bed under his blanket with a small flashlight held between his teeth, illuminating the pages of his textbook as he read. This was the only means the teenager had to study without his aunt and uncle finding out, for if they found out he was doing homework for that "freak" school of his, they would surely kick him out as his uncle Vernon often liked to threaten. Harry stifled a yawn and rubbed his bleary eyes, fighting off sleep for as long as he could. He wanted to finish his summer homework while he still had time, before his aunt and uncle decided to confiscate his wand or school things, however after nodding off for the fourth time, Harry admitted defeat and crept out of bed to hide his homework away in the floorboard underneath. Straightening up, he walked over to Hedwig's cage and stroked the feathers on her head through the bars of her cage. She hooted sadly at him and nibbled at his fingers. Harry refilled her water and placed owl pellets in her food dish. "I'm sorry, Hedwig," he whispered to her. Harry hated to see her caged up. Vernon had locked her in her cage a couple days ago when one of the neighbors had told him that he had seen an owl fly into their bedroom window one night. Vernon had blown up at Harry and padlocked "That ruddy owl!" in her cage, trapping her there for the summer. Harry's blood boiled thinking about how helpless he was during the summer, not being able to use magic until he became of legal age next year. He vowed that that would be the last time his aunt and uncle ever saw him, he didn't care what it took, he would move out as soon as he could. Get his own place somewhere far away from here. If only Sirius...unbidden, thoughts of his recently deceased godfather rose to his mind and Harry's hands fisted at his sides as emotions took over. He had tried so hard to keep the grief at bay, to remain as normal as possible around his aunt and uncle for they didn't know about his godfather's death, but sometimes, like tonight, the pain became too much and nothing could stop the thoughts of guilt and anguish from clouding his mind. Harry's face twisted in pain and he curled up in bed under the covers as he let his grief overtake him. If only Sirius were still alive, if only Harry hadn't gone to the Department of Mysteries and made his godfather come rescue him. If not for Harry, Sirius would still be alive. Harry's eyes filled with unshed tears as the grief, still raw from his godfather's death, washed over him. Guilt, anger, and sadness filled the Boy-Who-Lived as the hot tears fell. He sobbed into his pillow as he thought about losing the only father figure he ever remembered having, gone now because of his stupid mistakes. Sometime later his body finally gave way to exhaustion and he fell into a fitful sleep. . . . HPHPHPHPHPHPHPHPHPHPHPHPHP . . . Harry awoke abruptly to someone pounding on his bedroom door. "Get up, freak! It's time to make breakfast!" Petunia shrieked and stamped downstairs. Harry groaned and started pulling on some worn clothes. He was still tired for his sleep had been plagued with nightmares of Sirius falling through the veil. He pushed his glasses on his nose, said good morning to a sleepy Hedwig, and went downstairs. He began making breakfast under Petunia's watchful stare. Harry felt particularly gloomy today, his long summer with the Dursleys stretching ahead of him. Ron had owled him to say that him and his family were going on holiday to visit Charlie in Romania and they wouldn't be back till right before term started, so Harry was stuck at the Dursley's for the entirety of the summer. He sighed and flipped the bacon over in the pan. Petunia's attention was diverted as Dudley walked into the kitchen. "I'm hungry! Why isn't breakfast ready yet?" His cousin whined, shooting Harry a gleeful look behind his mother's back. Harry shot an ugly look back at him as his aunt turned on him. "Hurry up and finish breakfast!" She snapped before going over and fussing over Dudley's hair. Harry finished breakfast as quickly as he could and grabbed a couple pieces of toast for himself. His uncle soon stomped down the stairs, and sat at the kitchen table, shooting a glare at Harry. Petunia piled a stack of pancakes on his plate and he began eating with gusto as he looked over the morning paper. "Dudley dear" his aunt cooed at his cousin, "what are your plans for today? Are you having another tea party with your little friends?" "Yes mother, I'm going to be over at Peter's house today" Dudley said, avoiding his aunts gaze. Harry snorted into his toast at the obvious lie. Dudley's "tea parties" were just his way of getting out of the house so he and his gang could ravage the neighborhood, bullying kids younger than them. Dudley narrowed his eyes at Harry's snort. Vernon whipped his head around and threw a look at Harry. "Here, boy," his uncle spat at him, "there are plenty of chores to do today, and make sure they're done by supper or else!" He threw a piece of paper at him. Harry rolled his eyes at that and missed the threatening look on his uncle's face. He got up from his table, figuring he better get started on his chores now if he was wanted to finish before dinner. . . . HPHPHPHPHPHPHPHPHPHPHPHPHPHPHP . . . It took Harry most of the day to complete all his chores and it was close to five o'clock before he was able to take a break before dinner. He decided to head outside and take a walk. Privet drive was quiet with only a few people just arriving home from work. He turned the corner and continued walking, his feet taking him to his favorite haunt. He ended up at the playground, it was empty. He took a seat at one of the swings, resting his aching feet. He had spent most of the day on his hands and feet, cleaning the house and maintaining the garden for his aunt and uncle. He was exhausted, mentally and physically and was glad to get away from the house and the hateful atmosphere that was constantly there. Harry had been sitting there, lightly swinging, for a few minutes before sounds of voices reached him. Looking up, he spotted Dudley and his gang approaching the playground. They had spotted Harry evidently and were making their way towards him. "Oh great" Harry muttered, "Here we go." Dudley often liked to torment him to show off in front of his friends, when his aunt and uncle weren't around. He heard laughter coming from them as they approached. Harry got up from his swing and faced them warily. He had left his wand at home and was defenseless. He realized that this could turn out badly for him if Dudley decided to get violent. "Look at the freak" he said to his friends, sneering at Harry, "Haven't you got any friends, freak?" "Ya, I do" Harry countered, "I have loads of friends, some of them are invisible though, like that vampire behind you" He looked pointedly behind Dudley. Dudley fell for the bait, and whirled around to look behind him, terror on his face. Harry started laughing and two of his friends snickered causing Dudley's face to redden. He'd realized he'd been had in front of his friends. "You think you're so funny!" he sneered, advancing towards him. He shoved Harry hard in the chest, causing him to stumble backwards. Harry's malnourished frame was no match for Dudley's sheer size and muscle. Harry landed hard in the dirt, skinning his hands and his glasses went flying. His face reddened in anger, if only he had his wand. He would hex Dudley into next year, underage laws be damned. He was tired of being pushed around and his sensitive emotions since Sirius's death were causing him to act without abandon. He pushed himself to his feet as Dudley laughed with his friends. "You stupid git!" He shouted. Balling up his fist he punched Dudley in the face, his hand protesting from the force. Dudley's head snapped back as his nose made a sickening crunch and started dripping blood. He grabbed his nose and immediately started whaling from the pain. Harry felt a sense of dread. He'd done it now, his aunt and uncle would surely kick him out after seeing what he'd done to their precious son. Dudley glared at Harry around his bloody nose and said "You'll pay for this freak!" He nodded at his friends who started advancing toward Harry. Harry groaned, not wanting to deal with this right now. He turned and sprinted away as fast as he could. He could hear the three boys chasing after him. Reaching the playground fence, he reached up and vaulted over the top, continuing to run toward privet drive. The boys didn't dare follow him to the house and their shouts faded away as Harry outdistanced them. He reached the house and ran inside. He knew he was in big trouble now, the last time Dudley had gotten hurt Vernon had tried to kick Harry out. And that wasn't even his fault, this time Harry had a foreboding feeling that his punishment would be a lot worse. Not bothering to stop, Harry ran upstairs and into his bedroom where he sat nervously on his bed, waiting with dread for what was to come. He thought quickly and grabbed his wand off his dresser, clutching it in his hands. A few minutes later, he heard shouting downstairs so he figured Dudley must have come home and told Vernon and Petunia the story of how that horrible Harry had punched him and broke his nose. Harry's anxiety increased and his heart thundered in his chest, anticipating what was to come. His grip on his wand tightened. He couldn't risk doing magic though. Harry had already been given one warning. If he was caught doing underage magic again, he'd be expelled from Hogwarts. He heard his uncle pounding up the stairs and jumped to his feet as Vernon flung open the bedroom door. "BOY! HOW DARE YOU ATTACK MY SON!" His uncle was madder than he had ever seen him, spit was flying from his mouth. Harry unconsciously backed away towards his bed. His uncle advanced menacingly towards him, his hands clenched into fists. Harry felt fear for the first time, his uncle was acting more aggressive than usual, and he wasn't sure what he would do. "I'LL TEACH YOU NOT