Severus's Promise By: adhesivebagels Summary: Severus gets summoned to the Dark Lord. Voldemort has a little present for him...Harry Potter. Can Severus do as the Dark Lord commands? And will Harry ever forgive him for it? Warnings: Rape, Abuse, Slash HP/SS OOC AU OneShot Warnings: Rape, abuse, slash HP/SS A/N: This is a little story my dirty mind cooked up. I changed it a little. I originally intended Severus to be cruel but I just couldn't do it. Isn't that weird? Maybe I'm too soft lol. Hope you enjoy it! Read and Review! This is a OneShot! There is only one chapter! If you liked this check out my other story "Harry Potter and the Death Eater" and it's sequel "Harry Potter and the Hunt for the Horcruxes"! . . It was evening, Severus Snape was sitting in his home in Spinner's End when he felt the burn of the dark mark on his forearm. He hissed at the pain and pulled his robe up, inspecting the mark. It seemed the Dark Lord was calling him. He climbed to his feet and turned on the spot, apparating away. He arrived in front of the Dark Lord's residence, a rundown shack covered in vines in the middle of an empty dirt lane. Severus approached the shack quickly. It would not do to make the Dark Lord wait, Severus knew from experience that he did not appreciate tardiness. As Severus drew closer to the house, the shack's appearance changed. The glamour faded away to reveal a sprawling mansion. It was magnificent, the Dark Lord would never settle for less. It was surrounded by lush gardens and a stone fence. Severus walked up to the tall oak front doors and opening one, slipped inside. There was a figure in the entranceway. He turned as Severus approached him. "Ah, Severus, you were called also?" Came Lucius's steely voice. He was looking at Severus, his eyebrow raised in question. Severus studied him. His grey eyes were regarding him with coldness. His silver hair was loose, framing his aristocratic features. His regal frame was covered in an exquisite traveling cloak, the cane that Severus knew housed his wand was held in one hand. He sneered at Lucius. "Of course, the Dark Lord knows he has my loyalty. He frequently calls on me when he doesn't trust...others to do the job" he smiled coldly at Lucius, hoping to rile him. Lucius expression did not falter, but his eyes changed, narrowing slightly. "We shall see" he said softly, before turning and stalking away. Severus pondered his reply. What did he mean, we shall see? He followed Lucius down a hallway and past several rooms until they stood in front of two magnificent wooden doors. Lucius opened one of the doors and held it for Severus. "After you" he said with a condescending smile on his face. Severus wondered what was going on. Lucius was acting suspicious. He walked through the open door and found out why. The sight that greeted him made his eyes widen slightly. The Dark Lord was standing in front of the fireplace. There was a small body on the rug at his feet. It was Harry Potter. He looked like he'd been beaten, he was covered in bruises and cuts. He was moaning in pain as the Dark Lord stood over him, his wand in his hand. Severus recognized the effects of the Cruciatus curse. The Dark Lord was torturing him. He stepped closer and the Dark Lord spotted him. He took his wand off the boy, stopping the torture curse. He smiled at Severus. "Ah, Severus, my friend, come closer" he said softly. Severus approached him and bowed before the Dark Lord, falling on one knee and lowering his head. "My Lord" he said. He heard Voldemort approach and felt his hand on the top of his head, his touch almost tender. "Severus, I have a treat for you tonight" he said silkily. The hand left him and Severus stood, looking into the red eyes of the Dark Lord. He was smiling at him, but his eyes were cold. Severus glanced down at the boy and then suddenly he knew. The Dark Lord reached down and pulled Harry up by his hair. The boy screamed in pain but did little to try to escape. His body must be weak. "The boy shall be yours" he said softly, he was watching Severus. Severus thought quickly. The Dark Lord meant to give the boy to him? What did he mean? Did he want Severus to kill him? Severus's heart beat faster. Or maybe he meant something else... Voldemort continued to smile at him, his hand still in Harry's hair. "I want you to make him yours Severus, you understand?" Voldemort said softly, "I know you are lonely since I killed that half-blood Lily. Well, here is her son. And I am giving him to you to enjoy" There was amusement in his eyes and Severus knew then that he was toying with him. "They do look similar do they not? Harry has his mother's eyes" he wrenched the boy's head up to look into his green eyes. 'Yes, my Lord" Severus replied. "Then here, take him" he shoved the boy at Severus and he instinctively caught him in his arms. He knew Voldemort was testing his loyalty. That was why Lucius was acting the way he was earlier. He glanced over at Lucius, who was leaning against a wall, nonchalant. He smiled at Severus. He knew. Severus had been called here to prove his obedience to the Dark Lord. If he didn't do as he was commanded, Voldemort would kill both him and the boy. He had to do this. He only hoped that Harry would forgive him. Severus looked back down at the boy in his arms. He was breathing hard, his eyes were closed. His small hands clutched at Severus's cloak. How old was Harry now? Sixteen? Severus looked back up at the Dark Lord's waiting gaze. "Thank you, my Lord" he said with gratitude that he did not feel, he bowed again. Voldemort was watching him. "Well, go ahead Severus, claim what is yours, don't hold back on account of us" There was amusement in his voice, but also a deadly command. Severus dared not disobey. To do so would be his death. He must fuck Harry Potter. He looked back down at the boy. He had never hated Harry. He may have despised him but never really hated him. To do this to him...was cruelty. He would be raping the boy. But Severus knew that if he didn't do it, they would both be killed. "Yes, my Lord" he said, gratitude in his voice. He pulled his robes over his head, leaving his shirt and breeches on. He then reached for the boy's clothes. He tried to be as gentle as he could without seeming so. If Voldemort noticed any hesitation or regret, he would know he was faking it. He pulled the boy's robes up to expose his muggle jeans and then reached around to unbutton the pants. Harry whimpered as he was moved. He must be in pain. His beaten body looked pitiful. Severus wanted to ease his pain as much as possible. Keeping his head down so Voldemort wouldn't see, he muttered a healing spell. He wanted to make this as painless as possible for the boy. Harry's whimpers quieted as the healing spell helped to erase his pains. Severus continued unbuttoning his pants and pulled his zipper down. The boy's eyes shot open. He stared at Severus, his green eyes wide. "Wh-What?" He stammered, taking in Severus's hand on his zipper. He looked around and spotted Voldemort and Lucius and his eyes widened further. He looked back at Severus. "Professor, help me" he said, pleading in his voice. Severus's heart broke. He didn't want to do this but he had to. It was only sex, the boy would recover. It was either this or death. He hoped Harry would forgive him. He looked down at the boy, he kept his expression cold so the Dark Lord could see. "Why would I help you?" He sneered at the boy, "Now, be quiet and stay still and this will go easier for you" he said. With that he pulled Harry's pants down, exposing his boxers. Harry gasped and tried to pull his pants back up but Severus had a firm grip on his arm, pinning him to his chest. He reached with his other hand and pulled the boy's robes and shirt off of him until his torso was bare. He was clad only in boxers. Harry was breathing hard, his hands were clenched into fists, his body taunt against Severus's. He tried to pull away from him but Severus was stronger and kept a vice grip on his arm. "Let go!" He shouted. "No" Severus growled. Harry swung his fist at him and Severus caught it and pulled the boy to him. His lips crashed into the boy's and he tasted sweetness. His lips were softer than they looked. Severus's lips moved against his unyielding ones, tasting him. That was when he felt Harry bite him. He jerked his head back, the boy's eyes were furious. Severus couldn't help but chuckle at his gall. The boy was not going to make this easy. That was when an idea came to him. He sent a message to the boy's mind. Potter, stop fighting me! We are in danger here. I am trying to get you out of this alive, but you will have to do as I say. Harry's eyes widened as the thought reached him. Severus read his thoughts. Why should I trust you? You hate me. Let go of me! Severus almost growled in frustration. This boy was infuriating. Would you rather die? You may not care but I prefer to live. Do as I say and we will both walk out of this alive, Potter. He watched the boy's eyes dart around the room, taking in the Dark Lord and Lucius. He seemed to come to a conclusion and his shoulders slumped in defeat. Fine, I'll do as you say Severus felt a pang of sadness at the boy's tone. He sounded defeated. Don't worry, Harry, I won't hurt you Harry looked up at that, an unreadable emotion in his eyes. He nodded slightly. "What's wrong, Severus?" He heard the Dark Lord ask. "Nothing, my Lord, I was only admiring the boy's body" "Ah, of course, carry on" Severus turned back to Harry. Trust me he thought to the boy. Okay came his hesitant reply. He could see fear in the boy's eyes. Severus hated himself for what he was about to do. He pulled Harry closer to his body, wrapping his arms around the boy. This time Harry did not fight him but held himself rigidly, obviously not approving of this. Severus held him in his arms, his body was so cold. He examined the boy. His pale skin was soft, his torso was well muscled from hours on the Quidditch pitch. His dark hair framed a handsome face and those eyes. They were similar to Lily's eyes but were very different, with streaks of silver in them. There was no denying that Harry was attractive. Severus felt surprise at the thought. Since when had he thought the boy attractive? Severus leaned forward, his face inching closer to the boy, he didn't want to scare him. I am going to kiss you, Harry Harry's eyes widened at that but he did not pull away. Severus moved forward the remaining few inches and claimed the boy's lips with his own. His lips were so soft and sweet. Severus suckled on Harry's lower lip before moving to the top one. His tongue darted out to worry at the line of his lips, begging entrance to his mouth. Harry hesitated a moment and then opened under him. Severus