Disclaimer: I do not own the original canon nor am I making any profit from writing this piece. All works are accredited to their original authors, performers, and producers while this piece is mine. No copyright infringement is intended. I acknowledge that all views and opinions expressed herein are merely my interpretations of the characters and situations found within the original canon and may not reflect the views and opinions of the original author(s), producer(s), and/or other people. Warning: This story may contain material that is not suitable for all audiences and may offend some readers. Author's Note: This story came to me while working on other projects. Those projects grow out of many discussions on various, um, problematic aspects of the HPverse. Many of those aspects are things which I have noticed that a lot of people either miss, due to the fact they are not explicitly stated in canon, only implied. If people do notice them, many hand-wave approval for them, typically because of the influence of a specific character involved in the decision-making process for the aspect. This story will not be giving that approval. Story Tag(s): AU (Canon Divergences); AU (Wizarding Nobility); AU (Wizarding Traditions); AU (Larger Wizarding Population) -= LP =- Of Thieves and Beggars Part 01: In Darkness -= LP =- "Childhood should be carefree, playing in the sun; not living a nightmare in the darkness of the soul." ― Dave Pelzer, A Child Called "It" -= LP =- Harry Potter was a very unusual boy, as his relatives knew very well. Since the morning that Petunia Dursley had found the boy on her doorstep with only a thin blanket and a letter, odd things would happen around the Dursley residence. To most people, these odd occurrences defied explanation, but Petunia and Vernon Dursley knew what made them happen. Petunia had a sister who was a witch. This witch married a wizard and together they had Harry, who obviously had the same ability to use magic as his parents and only a child's control over it. Petunia knew that she was not a kind aunt, but the odd things scared her. Lily had never done nearly as much accidental magic as a child, whereas Harry seemed prone to do them almost every day. In desperation, she began to pile on chores to the boy as soon as he could take direction, which was just as freakishly early as he was a freak. If the boy was exhausted, he wouldn't have the energy to cause trouble. To a certain extent, it worked and the occurrences slowed down. Harry did his growing list of chores without complaint, even when Petunia caught Dudley deliberately undoing his hard work. This worked up until the boys had to start school, which took them away from her care for much of the day. Immediately, the incidents started again. In desperation, she began to carefully ration out the boy's meals. He would watch with his unnaturally dark green eyes as the rest of the family ate full servings while he had half, if that much, but he didn't complain. She was careful with what she sent to school with the boy—it would not do for people to begin to talk more than Petunia knew they already did. When questioned about the simple lunch consisting of a sandwich made of three thin slices of cheese between two slices of white bread and an apple alongside a thermos of overly-steeped tea, she would always explain about how picky the boy was when it came to food. The boy did nothing to contradict her lie. It was hard to watch him stay the scrawny child while her Duddikins grew in size, but Petunia always reassured herself that it was better this way. It was not as if Dudley was overweight—oh, no, her beloved boy was merely big-boned and muscular like his father. If the boy was the tiniest in his year, it must be due to his inheritance of Lily's slight build and not anything that Petunia was doing. Besides, even if it was, controlling the boy's food made the incidents all but disappear, so it was definitely for the greater good that she continue on exactly as she had been. The rules were another thing entirely. The Evanses had raised both their daughters with the firm belief that power was never to be taken lightly. It must be controlled. Unlike her parents who had idolized Lily for having power and let her run wild practicing it, especially after that boy came into their lives, Petunia would see that Harry would understand that because he was different from decent folk like her Dudley, he had to follow a different set of rules. It was perfectly logical that these rules be harsher and less lenient. After all, the danger if the boy abused his power was far greater than if Dudley threw his weight around the playground. There was also the little fact that the boy, being what he was in defiance of natural laws, was already starting out in the moral deficit. He simply had more to make up for than her perfect son. The boy must be limited for the safety of those around him. Otherwise, who knew what horrors he would unleash upon them? And what was the point of having rules if they weren't enforced? So of course the boy was punished whenever he broke the rules. It didn't matter if the punishments would seem to be overly harsh to most people. Those who would dissent clearly did not understand what she had to deal with concerning the boy. No, Harry needed his punishments to be harsher than anything she would dare inflict upon her own child. If the punishments weren't that harsh, then the lesson would not linger long enough to change his behavior. Petunia Dursley took very deliberate care in raising her nephew. She made conscious choices and justified it all with what she viewed as unassailable logic. A few things escaped her notice, such as just how ingrained her habit of never referring to the boy by name was or how stingy she was when it came to affection and praise for any of the boy's childhood achievements. It never occurred to her that her perfect son would misinterpret her actions as cruelty and abuse being acceptable. It also never occurred to her to limit Dudley's actions and interactions at all as he was a normal child without any of the freakishness of her sister's son. After all, she was quite proud to say that she was perfectly normal, thank you very much. -= LP =- Albus Dumbledore was not a man whose motives were questionable, no matter what some people would say. Being raised in Mould-on-the-Wold had shown him the true character of muggles. At the same time, due to his father's work on the Wizengamot—and later, his own work—Albus understood the character of his fellow wizards. People in general are always the same; they are spitefully cruel and arrogantly blind to those around them. As a wizard with both exceptionally high intelligence and great power, it was his obligation to his fellow Man to guide and protect them, even from themselves. As such, everything he did was for the Greater Good. There were things he had done in service to that sacred duty of which he was not proud. The wizarding world had to be protected from itself, and sometimes that meant sacrificing a few for the betterment of the whole. Of course he regretted their loss and the part he played in their deaths. He was not a monster, after all. But those deaths were necessary for the betterment of all—it was for the Greater Good, even if some people could not see that. Albus knew a great many things whose obscurity had long since become one of his top priorities. There were things which could make things difficult if it remained common knowledge. One such topic was Obscurials, which were created when a magical child forcefully rejected their magic, typically because of abuse from non-magical guardians. If people knew the risks—and more importantly, how common an occurrence Obscurials actually were—then there would be demands to remove magical children from their muggle homes as a matter of course. Dumbledore had plans which required muggle-raised magicals. He needed a certain number of willing followers, and magically-raised wizards and witches were far more difficult to fool, due to growing up within the magical community which meant that Albus couldn't always control their exposure to information. It was unfortunate that he also had to suppress information on Wilding. If wizards understood that Magic chose to create the muggleborns, the fear-based rhetoric against them could be more easily countered. However, the subject also increased the discussion of cultivating familial talents and how the more erratic magic of muggleborns was disruptive to this process. Why, the very thought excluded the witches and wizards who were first in their families. It also kept alive the idea of the magic-born, which was problematic for Albus' continued guidance of the wizarding world. Magic-born were allegedly chosen by Magic to be leaders and innovators. It was certainly true that a magic-born had a more innate understanding of how magic worked, but it seemed that every single one of them wanted to promote the practice of unquestionably Dark magic. They would lecture about how magic was not Light or Dark—it just was and it was the intent of the caster which determined its purpose. They also promoted those horribly outdated magical traditions such as the testing of magical compatibility before marriage—or even worse , the practice of magical bonding instead of marriage. They talked about magical vows and suggested making a protectorate vow mandatory for anyone holding a public office. It was like they couldn't see how restricting that could be upon the person holding the office. Magic may not understand what was needed to protect the Greater Good. It was evident in her chosen champions. Clearly, Albus had to do something to protect Magic from herself. It was disappointing to discover that not only had the Potter child not succeeded in truly ridding the world of the most troublesome magic-born Albus had ever had to deal with (even after tricking the brat into destroying his connection to Magic, the man kept on being a thorn), but it turned out that the boy was also a magic-born. It was beyond bothersome, really, but it did give Albus a potential chance to do a little cultivation of his own. While Tom Riddle hadn't been particularly interested in following Albus' advice, perhaps Harry could be taught to restrict his desire to question instructions. Harry certainly could not be allowed to be raised by his godfather; Sirius Black may have rejected much of his heritage, but Albus suspected that he would still be able to recognize what Harry was. That would be disastrous as the Black heir was already acting suspicious of Albus' lack of direct action against the Death Eaters. A magic-born raised within magical society would most likely never follow Albus' vision. If Albus could arrange for little Harry to be raised in the muggle world, then perhaps the lad would be more malleable when he finally arrived at Hogwarts. It would take some maneuvering. Not only did Sirius Black need to be dealt with, there was also the troublesome matter of Alice Diore y Longbottom, Harry's godmother. While Alice was a few generations removed from her magic-born ascendant, she would still be more than able to teach a young magic-born how to control his abilities. That just wouldn't work out well for Albus' plans. Magic-borns were notorious about not wanting to attack each other, particularly with their stronger magical abilities. With Voldemort not truly gone, Harry still had a destiny to fulfill. Any influence which would make young Harry not follow Albus' plan put the Greater Good at risk. In the end, it was incredibly