A/ N - I guess I should thank my sister-in-law for introducing me to the Twilight series. I know I'm late to the fandom, but Twilight wasn't even on my radar years ago when it first came out...I had other priorities...:) As much as I loved the Bella/Edward dynamic, I found that Jacob seemed to get the short-end of the stick. I also wasn't a fan of him imprinting on Renesmee. This story takes place after the events of Eclipse. You can completely forget about Renesmee cause she isn't going to exist in this Twilight world. Bella and Edward have gotten married and Bella has been turned into a vampire as was her plan long before she was married. You will see the Cullen's quite often in this story as they are important to the flow, but this will be Jacob-focused. This is not your usual imprint-happily-ever-after story. There will be twists and turns along the way...because let's face it - not all relationships are blue skies and rainbows. But...please review! The wipers flew back and forth over the windshield of the small hatchback. The torrential rain had been falling for at least twenty minutes obscuring the already difficult, winding La Push Road. It was sometime in the night and it made her trek through the unfamiliar Washington back roads even more difficult. Jo quickly looked down at the paper map that had been conveniently folded to the area she was currently in, yet in the darkness she could barely make it out. She picked it up and placed it on the steering wheel as she kept darting her eyes from the road to the map. She cursed the fact that she didn't have a GPS like most people did, but there wasn't enough time to worry about that at the time. Jo was happy enough to at least have been able to get an area map from the gas station in Forks before she left the town for La Push. It was perfect. Going to La Push was never on her radar when she silently began to consider getting out of Michigan. If she told anyone that the idea came to her in a dream, they'd think she'd be nuts. But truth be told, her father had told her all about La Push as the place he was born and grew up when she was younger. She had forgotten all about it until a few nights ago. Being that it was in the middle of no where and on the otherside of the country, it was the perfect place to hide out before starting over. With her Quilleute features, there was no doubt that she'd fit in without drawing any attention to herself. Sighing, she tossed the map over her shoulder into the pile of her clothing and belongings in the backseat. She knew she must be close. After all, La Push Road couldn't go on forever. She'd hit the ocean eventually. Jo smiled to herself. She had never seen the Pacific Ocean. Hell, she had never seen any ocean. Having lived in Michigan her entire life, the only body of water remotely large that she had ever seen was Lake Huron. As much as she had been told that seeing the ocean wouldn't be any different than looking at the lake, she was still excited. It made her impromptu trip across the country to hopefully find family whom she had never met a little more interesting. It also was a relief to be able to leave her old life of living hell back in Michigan. Jo would never to go back to that. A sudden black shape on the road caused her to gasp and instinctively swerve the car left and then right, in an attempt to regain control on the slick asphalt. Except it never did. The tires squealed and managed to catch a small rut along the curb before it spun the vehicle until it rolled over on the roof and came to an abrupt stop in the muddy ditch. The glass windows blew out on impact as the sound of metal scratching along pavement echoed with her own screams until it was once again silent. Jo opened her eyes and coughed. The airbags had gone off and were in the process of deflating. She went to push against it with her hands and oddly enough she found that they were raised above her head on their own volition. She was upside down. Glass littered the ceiling, or what now would be considered the floor. Her hair hung above her as she twisted to look around. She could hear the rain falling outside of the car and water and thick mud was seeping through the broken windows. The smell of gasoline filled the car and the slight smell of smoke coming from the engine. Jo winced as she turned her head and touched her forehead to find that it was wet. Blood. Damn it. As much as she hated the sight of blood, she was at least glad that it was dark and she couldn't see it on her fingers. As though it finally registered to her what had happened and what was going on, she quickly pulled at her seat belt in a panic only to find that it was stuck. As she wiggled in her seat, pain began to radiate from her leg. Carefully, she reached towards it and gasped when she found a sharp object protruding from the side of her thigh. Jo felt herself get even more light headed and became sick to her stomach. "Hey!" She paused upon hearing a voice coming from outside. "I'm coming down to help!" Jo coughed once as she tried to respond but quickly tried again as she pounded her hands against the bent door beside her. "I'm here!" Within seconds she saw a pair of worn and muddy running shoes appear in the bent and broken window beside her. The owner bent over and looked through the small space and met her eyes. His short cropped hair dripped water over his brow. Jo was too focused on the pain in her leg to even notice that the guy was wearing shorts and didn't even have a coat on in this weather, let alone how he came to find her on the side of a deserted road in the middle of the night. At the moment, she didn't care. She was relieved that she wasn't alone. After all, she didn't have her cell phone with her. "Hey, are you okay?" "The seatbelt is stuck," Jo exclaimed, as she pulled on it again. "I can't get out!" "And you're bleeding too," the guy commented gesturing at her forehead. "Did you hit your head?" "Maybe," she replied, not entirely sure. "I have either a piece of glass or metal sticking out of my leg. It hurts like hell and it's bleeding quite a bit." The guy looked towards where her legs disappeared in the darkness of the car. A flash of a thought passed over his features before he quickly stood up and inhaled. Not only was the scent of gasoline very noticeable but he detected a hint of smoke coming from the engine. "Shit," he muttered, realizing that the situation suddenly became more dire. He'd need help and fast. Jo heard him swear. "What? What's going on?" The guy didn't answer but crouched back downs again to look at her. "I have to get you out of there." "It's bad, isn't it?" He didn't answer but nodded. "I need to get help though. If you're bleeding, I'm going to need some help to get you out of there." "What? No! Please, don't leave me here." The guy shook his head. "I'm not going to leave you. I'm just going to quickly head up the road a bit to get a better cell reception. I promise that I'll keep the car in my sight. Just give me a few minutes and I'll be right back." What other choice did she have. Jo nodded before she reached her hand out through the small opening between the remnant of the car window and the muddy ground. The guy paused before he held her hand. Jo realized that she must have been colder than she thought. The guy's hands were so warm. "I'm Embry," he told her, with a smile. "Jo," she replied quickly. "I'll be right back, Jo," Embry told her. "I promise." After giving her hand a light squeeze, he let go and quickly stood up. Embry climbed out of the ditch, his feet slipping slightly on the muddy sides and stood up on La Push road. The rain continued to fall as he looked in both directions, knowing that there was no traffic coming from either direction for at least a good few miles. Giving a quick glance to the overturned car on the side of the road, he darted into the forest. After quickly pulling off his clothes, he phased. " Embry! You bastard! " came the first thoughts into his head from Paul. " Where the hell did you go? You just phased out without warning. You just can't do that man." " You know the rules, " Sam added, his voice full of authority in his head. Paul had been assigned to run the perimeter of La Push land. Embry had taken the northern and eastern side towards Forks while Paul ran along the oceanfront and to the south. When Embry had suddenly disappeared from his thoughts for more than a few seconds, Paul had quickly raced to Sam's, as it was their procedure if any of them had phased out without letting the others know what was going on. Instead of telling them, Embry showed them exactly where he was and what was going on. Sam quickly gave out the orders. He turned and headed back to Emily's house to call 911. Paul stopped running and let out a howl, alerting the other pack members within La Push to head to Embry's position. Embry had phased into his wolf form for only a minute before he was standing on two legs once again and putting back on his clothing. It had been enough to get out his message and he knew that it would be enough for them to organize help. As he ran back to the car, he could see that smoke was coming more and more from the overturned car. He jumped down from the side of the road right into the ditch this time, not bothering to stop until he was laying flat on the ground at Jo's eye level. The coolness of the thick mud seeped into his shirt, but that was the least of his problems. He smiled, eager to tell Jo that help was on the way when he noticed that her eyes had closed. A sudden surge of panic raced through him as he reached his large arm through the crushed window. Embry carefully placed his fingers on her neck to feel for a pulse when Jo suddenly gasped and her eyes opened. Embry let out a sigh of relief and smiled weakly. "Thank God. You are alive." Jo nodded weakly and turned her head towards him, her eyes barely open. "I'm just tired." Embry wasn't a doctor but he knew enough from listening to Sue Clearwater that falling asleep with a possible concussion was never a good thing. "Hey! No sleeping! Help is on the way." "I wasn't sleeping," Jo argued drowsily. "I was just closing my eyes for a few minutes." "No eye closing either," Embry stated. "Talk to me. It'll make our waiting for help go by faster." "What do you want to know?" "How about, what you're doing in La Push for starters," Embry said. "We don't get too many visitors." Not willing to devulge the truth to a complete stranger, she went with what was the most sensible. "My father was Quilleute,"