Twisted Part 1/5 by aragornstwistedangel © 2003 A Lord of the Rings Story Rating: PG-13 Disclaimer: SUE ME NOT. ME IN COLLEGE. HAVE NO MONEY. Author's Note: I have seen FotR and TTT, but I havenot read the books. All that is familiar belongs to JRR Tolkien. Please forgive any discrepancies that exist as I have only started reading the trilogy and I just got into this series last week! This is my first LotR fic. Summary: Okay so discrepancies are built into this as it is an AU. What if Aragorn were captured with Merry and Pippin at the end of Fellowship? Special thanks to Amy for her help! Legolas grabbed the boat, beginning to push it in the water, intent on following Frodo and Sam. Looking over his shoulder, he saw Gimli, ax in hand, trotting toward him. "Where is Aragorn?" "I think the orcs took him." Concern could be detected in the dwarf's gruff voice, though he would have denied it. Legolas stopped. "We must go after them." "We must fulfill our duty as members of the Fellowship," Gimli stated. "The Fellowship is no more. We should not abandon them to the Uruk-hai." The dwarf bristled at his tone. "Do you truly think I want that, Elf?" He spat the last word. Legolas' initial reaction was to snap back an insult at the dwarf, but he restrained himself. Arguing would get them nowhere. "I will not abandon my friend, nor the hobbits," he reiterated. "Do what you must, but Frodo would wish us to save his friends and then rejoin him." "You are right, Elf." Gimli grinned and raised his ax. "Let us hunt the Uruk-hai." Aragorn awoke to something jabbing his side. An elbow. "Strider..." an urgent voice whispered. He forced himself to consciousness. "Merry. Pippin." He then realized that his hands and feet were tightly bound. He pulled against the ropes, but it was useless. "How long have I been unconscious?" He needed to try to get some kind of time frame on the situation. "The better part of..." Merry thought hard. "Maybe three hours? I don't know." Aragorn inwardly sighed, glancing up at the monsters before them who seemed to be fussing about something. "Why are we alive?" he wondered aloud. Pippin and Merry glanced at Aragorn for a moment, then at each other and both said, "I have a bad feeling about this." Aragorn looked at them. "That would be a gross underestimation of the gravity of this situation." He began to work at loosening the bonds, even slightly, while trying not to attract the attention of their captors. He strained his ears to listen to their conversation. He turned to the hobbits. "Listen to me. If you get the chance, run and don't look back. Work at loosening the bonds." "We've been doing that." Pippin said. Aragorn heard the rumbling of the mass of Uruk-hais grow louder and saw that they were coming toward the trio. They mumbled of being hungry. Their leader roared. "They are not for eating." "What of the man? We were told only to bring back the halflings." Aragorn cursed mentally as the Uruk-hai leader nodded. The creatures moved to untie him, too focused on their hunger to think that their food might resist, but he did. He reached up, grabbing one of their weapons and a stick from the nearby fire. He began sweeping the fire wildly as he'd done to the Ring Wraiths before. The Uruk-hai scattered. He approached the two bound hobbits and quickly cut their bonds. "Run. Don't look back. I'll be behind you." They took off without delay. Aragorn turned back to parry another blow from one of the orcs. If only he could keep them off of the hobbits long enough for them to run away... In the end, he succeeded in doing so as the hobbits ran into the forest. The price, however, was his own freedom and he assumed his life as the Uruk-hai overwhelmed him and he fell once again into oblivion. 'Estel?' Legolas could not sense his friend. Of course, if the Uruk-hai had him, then it would be more difficult, as proximity to those foul creatures dimmed their empathic connection. "Elf!" a voice interrupted his thoughts. "What are you doing?" "I cannot sense Aragorn. The Uruk-hai dim my ability to do so." The dwarf was confused, but simply nodded, taking what Legolas said for what it was worth, and moved on. "We will find them." They quickly came upon a clearing in which they could see many dead orcs. Gimli nodded. "Aragorn." Legolas agreed. "It appears the hobbits escaped into the forest. Aragorn gave them enough time to get away. The Uruk-hai still have him. Find the Hobbits and get them to safety. I will go after Aragorn." Legolas stated. "You can't seriously think of facing all those Orcs alone." "I will do what I must, but it is not my intention to fight them. I will wait for nightfall to enter their camp." "That's suicide!" Gimli exclaimed. "I'm coming with you." "You cannot leave the hobbits alone out there. Your job is to find them." Gimli finally nodded. "Take care Elf. The Fellowship has already endured at least one loss. We don't need any more." "If I did not know better, Master Dwarf, I would guess that I detect concern in your voice." Legolas came close to a smirk. "But of course you know better," Gimli chuckled. "Of course. Good hunting." "Good hunting." Aragorn bit back a gasp as he became conscious once again. Amazingly, he was alive. For how long, he didn't know. His face was covered with dirt, from where he'd been shoved to the ground. His entire body hurt from the beating he'd received from the orcs for getting the hobbits free. He was sure he had at least a couple broken ribs, judging from the burning pain in his chest. His sword arm was also broken. At least now, they wouldn't kill him... he was all they had to bring to their master. Of course, that also didn't mean he'd be treated that well or made comfortable in the least. Quite the contrary, Aragorn expected the orcs to do anything short of killing him. He could hear them growling angrily at each other. His best hope was that they started fighting amongst themselves. Perhaps then he could manage an escape... though he wasn't sure how. His hands and feet were tied even tighter than before. Suddenly, one of the orcs ruthlessly jerked him up by his broken arm. Aragorn hissed in pain. Before he could even recover from that, another drove a fist into his stomach, completely knocking his breath out of him. Realizing the futility of his situation, Aragorn closed his eyes, attempting to focus his mind and draw it away from the pain of his body. That escape seemed to work less and less as his body became weaker... Logical, but not a good thing. He tried to reach out with his mind, searching... but there was nothing. All he could do for now was attempt to hold on and to try to find a way to escape. Legolas followed the Uruk-hai, but was extremely careful to keep his distance so as not to lose the advantage of surprise. He fully expected them to stop for the night and then he would sneak into the camp and with all hope, rescue Aragorn. Unfortunately, things never seemed to be quite that easy. Even after dark the orcs continued to march toward Isengard. He wondered if perhaps they'd seen him, for they didn't stop at all that night. Legolas began to start thinking of alternative plans. He didn't want to let them get to Saruman's city. If they did, that would only decrease his chances of a successful rescue. He suddenly stopped in his tracks, his eyes scanning the area. He turned around just as a second group of orcs appeared. In less than a second, his bow was out, an arrow in it. He began firing. Arrow after arrow whistled through the air, every single one striking the target. The band of orcs was small, designed to take care of him. Unfortunately for the orcs, their leader had underestimated his ability. But one thing was for sure, he'd already lost the element of surprise. Legolas stared at the orc corpses before him. The distraction had cost him valuable minutes. Without another minute of hesitation, he took off at a dead run toward Isengard. He arrived just in time to see the orcs drag Aragorn inside the tall forbidding tower. "Where are the halflings?" Saruman demanded. Aragorn feigned unconsciousness so he could hear what was being said. "They escaped, thanks to the man." "IDIOTS! What am I supposed to do about the ring now?" Saruman yelled angrily, his face turning dark. "The human was traveling with the halflings. He might know what they know." Saruman stopped, looking at the man for the first time. "Who is he?" "We do not know," the lead orc said. "But he is the reason the halflings escaped." "Actually that it thanks to your own incompetence. Never underestimate your prey." Saruman glared, but finally added. "Lock him up. I will question him shortly. And do not let him escape or someone will pay the price." "Yes, my lord," the lead orc nodded and they dragged Aragorn out, dropping him in a dark and damp room somewhere on the hallway. Aragorn sank into sleep. There would be no immediate escape he knew. And his body needed to get some rest to face whatever he must. End Part 1 Twisted Part 2/5 by aragornstwistedangel © 2003 A Lord of the Rings Story Rating: PG-13 Disclaimer: SUE ME NOT. ME IN COLLEGE. HAVE NO MONEY. Author's Note: I have seen FotR and TTT, but I have not read the books. All that is familiar belongs to JRR Tolkien. Please forgive any discrepancies that exist as I have only started reading the trilogy and I just got into this series last week! This is my first LotR fic. Summary: Okay so discrepancies are built into this as it is an AU. What if Aragorn were captured with Merry and Pippin at the end of Fellowship? Special thanks to Amy for her help! Aragorn stared up at the evil wizard defiantly. The Orcs had returned only to bind him to a stone table in the room, only hours after leaving him there. The wizard had come hours after that. Saruman studied him carefully. The wizard suddenly reached down, grabbing the Evenstar around Aragorn's neck. "What's this?" He felt the young man flinch as he pulled it free, breaking the chain it was held on. Aragorn fought to control his reaction as Saruman studied the pendant. "It looks Elvish in origin. Why would a man have such a necklace?" Aragorn said nothing in response. "I can look into your mind and find what answer exists. That is a small matter. I sense you are rather fond of it." There was a small pause. Full comprehension dawned on his face. "It symbolizes love. Your love for someone and hers for you." Aragorn glared, daring the wizard to say any more, to do anything more. Saruman finally let the pendant drop. It clattered on the floor, feet away from Aragorn. Before Aragorn could think or protest, Saruman brought the bottom of his staff down, smashing the Evenstar into pieces. Slowly, he smiled at Aragorn and then turned and left. Aragorn found himself trembling. The Evenstar was a symbol of his and Arwen's love. It made him feel connected to her even when he was away. He closed his eyes, trying to regain that calm center. This was designed to make him despair. He could not let Saruman win. Not now. Not ever. No matter what. Focus. Relax. Breathe. Focus. Breathe. Focus. Legolas pulled the Elven cloak tightly around him, waiting for nightfall. He had little