Disclaimer (1): I am not JKR, nor her publishes, and all appropriate copyright retention applies. Disclaimer (2): This is an entry for the Houses Competition being hosted by MoonlightForgotten. All appropriate details will be in the Author's Note at the end. Stupor apparent in her movement, Hermione lethargically packed her belongings into her bag she had used when on the run with Harry and Ron. The extension charm worked beautifully, and so she used the same concept during her travels in Australia. The original mission had been to locate her parents but she hadn't anticipated how genuinely hard the task would end up being for her. In fact, it often felt completely impossible. On the 364th day of her search it became painfully apparent that the next the morning she would have to apparate back to the Burrow. A promise was a promise, and she'd made the parameters clear to herself; "Just one year, that's all. One year to find them!" It was never meant to take that long. Hermione didn't want to admit her feelings of defeat that had long taunted her subconscious. Now she stood toe-to-toe with something she'd insisted silently was impossible from the beginning. She would have to abandon her quest and return to the Burrow with no answers. Each minute that dissolved into the past made her obtusely aware that it pushed her closer to the dreadful reality she hoped to never face: giving up. A gurgle in her stomach distracted her from other ideas that she'd been ignoring the entire time. Maybe they'd died? Maybe they had been found after all? Maybe they hadn't actually come to Australia? Maybe she'd imagined this whole trip and was really in a coma at Saint Mungo's with some terrible war injury. Maybe this was some fantasy produced in her dying breaths… Even if she had believed in such a thing, this was far from what she'd consider paradise. She had relied on faulty reasoning: if one was wrong then they could all be wrong. Lost in her thoughts as she was, it was not helpful in any way. It was time to go and she knew it. Hermione lifted her chin and glanced around her room at the inn one last time. Where was she supposed to go to find something useful? Was there anything to be found? Truthfully, she didn't know but she turned her room keys over to the attendant just the same. Hermione's bag bounced off of her hip in a familiar rhythm that calmed her in a strange way. She kept no particular pace as she walked along the sidewalk. Hermione wasn't keen on giving up so she remained steadfast with false confidence before she found a small stand-alone restaurant with a lovely terrace. She was compelled to go inside to eat, and having arrived just as they opened only sweetened her craving to stop. There was no crowd to that might've overheard her ramblings, so it gave Hermione space to breathe easily. It also meant that she had plenty of space to review her work once more before she left for good. Futile as the effort seemed, she was insistent that one more look could reveal something new. She requested a large table on the terrace. Once the server left, she laid out three notepads and a map of Australia. Each pad contained important details and provided a thorough picture of her ventures. In order they were labeled with medium hues of red, blue, and black ink. The notepad labeled in red showed a timeline of stops made each and every day since she'd arrived. Though the format was more of an outline, she still managed to fit all of the information on the pages comfortably. The next one was less organized, but only because she had collections of newspaper clippings and phonebook listings all over with angled notes scrawled to the sides. As for the last, it had no particular order. The most sense that could be made on the page was the heading: research. All of the notes Hermione'd taken, in shorthand, filled the pages from the books she'd collected over the years. The map had illegible letters paired with stars marking her port city stops. Starting along the shores made the most sense because her parents loved the ocean and always said as much. What her parents loved most about travelling were the roaring waves dancing over the water's surface. For all the danger hiding in the depths, they thought of it as a minor flaw for the most stunning thing in the universe. As long as she'd known she was a witch, the spells that Hermione could perform still never garnered the same awe as the salty seas. To them there was nothing more fascinating than hearing of a new species being discovered each year from a world even more beyond their reach than that containing magic. So the search began in the city of Sydney. From there she traveled the outskirts of the entire country, hitting as many of the large coastal cities along the southern border as possible: Port Kembla, Eden, Hastings, Melbourne, Geelong, Portland. She'd spent about a week at each one to properly sniff out the nearby towns that weren't quite as glamorous as their well-populated neighbors. Unfortunately, those who thought they recognized the faces of her parents had too often misled her. The first two months weren't fruitful, if she had to put it nicely. Feeling suffocated by failure, Hermione raced to Adelaide to investigate a closely-knit group of ports in the area. Nearly each day she'd gone to a different one but only ended up wasting another month there too. That's when doubt started to gray the edges of her mind. It took several more months of misses before Hermione finally made it to Brisbane. Hermione only had about a month left before she'd agreed to return home and there was still a lot of ground to cover. On the day before she planned to travel further north, she found herself longing to spend some time in the park. Enjoying some fresh air had always been cathartic for her when stressed. Besides, there had been a satisfying breeze that day carrying the scent of sea foam. Her eyes closed when she inhaled. Then it all happened very quickly, and the result of those events ended up breathing new life into her search. As it were, she had pulled out a picture of her last piano recital before her fourth year at Hogwarts. Though she used to compete during the summer season, her participation abruptly ceased due to the importance of the war that had been at hand. Her parents looked so proud in the image and she wondered if she'd ever see that same expression on their faces again. That's why she'd closed her eyes in the first place, to keep from getting too emotional in public. The breeze carried the photograph from her fingers into the air. Realization settled too late and she was sure that she couldn't catch up to it without using magic. Luck was all she could call it, though it went against her nature, when the runner was caught in the face by the image. He paused and looked at it for a moment. Immediately Hermione called for the runner's attention. She apologized for the inconvenience; it had been a moment of absentmindedness. That is when he sort smirked at her with a gesture along the edge of the photo; "My parents attended some of her cooking seminars in Brighton! Crikey, what a small island, right?" Though her mother was a brilliant cook at home, Hermione never thought of she'd make a career of it. Drunk on the new information he'd provided, Hermione was quick to pull out one of her fabricated stories about how she'd lost touch with her parents after a bit of personal strife. The man shrugged as if he'd not cared an ounce about the reasoning for her emotional state, and even remarked harshly; "Ain't you got the Internet? You oughtta try it." Hermione had tried computers. As dentists, her parents had made a reasonable wage during her childhood, so the Grangers had a personal computer in their home. Operating it wasn't totally foreign but she didn't know it well enough to properly find her parents using it as her only means. She returned to magic after only a couple of days each time she tried because it had felt useless to her. Besides, Brighton was close to Brisbane, which meant she was so close . The thought had been that she was too close to fail. Before even arriving in Australia, Hermione had composed a list of tracking spells on the first page. The one she'd circled was Semita , a seeking spell that was generally successful for witches and wizards of all talent levels. Not only had her research suggested it was the most reliable but also the fairly popular among Aurors. Not knowing certainly one way or the other whether to use the names they believed were theirs, or the natural ones, Hermione began with their fictitious identities: Semita Monica Wilkins; Semita Wendell Wilkins. As it became clear hadn't worked to any effect she switched to their proper names, Estelle and William Granger. When even that hadn't yielded anything worthwhile she tried her mother's maiden name, Estelle Dubois. Initially she thought that she'd caught a faint trail leading her back towards Sydney. Hermione thought instantly that her struggles had been because she was going in the wrong direction, so she kept trying those spells while she backtracked towards Brisbane. She used Muggle transportation primarily, hoping that maybe she'd hear something that helped her in her search. Free time during those trips was spent reading the works of Arthur Conan Doyle. Every step of the way Hermione partnered up with the fictional consulting detective, Sherlock Holmes, wishing the whole way that she was half as good as he was at figuring things out. Of course, it was just a silly book. Once she'd told Ron that books and cleverness wouldn't always be her saving grace. That time had come to fruition in Australia. As close as she was in Brighton, she is still hadn't located them. She found out plenty of information, like that her father was Doctor Wendell rather than Doctor Wilkins, and that her mother pronounced her name with a French accent. None of this really steered her in any particular direction. With nobody knowing what way they'd gone she couldn't be certain she'd not already crossed paths with them on her way to Brisbane. Hermione had since straightened up and paced the side of the table with crossed arms. It mattered little how long she stared into the pages of details committed to her memory. Nothing contained in those pages would give her anything new to locate her parents. "What if I never find them?" She choked back tears as she slipped out of her flashbacks. This thought had certainly crossed her mind many times before but never quite as profoundly as it did at that moment. A day's worth of time was the separation between her nightmares and reality. All at once she became winded and she hunched to slam fist against the table's surface. This was never supposed to take so long . A whole bloody year! "Brightest of witch of my age," she growled when , "What a load of bollocks!" Not wanting to become too outwardly frustrated she began to fold the map back up. The process of stacking it all up could've been done quickly but Hermione let her fingers linger on each item too long. Putting it in a pile was too final for her to accept, and so she left the job unfinished when she heard the server's feet in the background. A salad and lemonade were placed with loud clunking sounds onto the table. She'd made a show of scoffing