Remus had never seen anything as heartbreaking as the moment Sirius Black stepped into his ancestral home for the first time in fifteen years. The look of complete resignation as the bedraggled man walked over the threshold of 12 Grimmauld place, like he'd given up the last piece of himself and had finally become the hollow shell the Dementors so longed for him to become. The day had not started out quite so grim. Remus had received his daily letter from Sirius, who had remained in hiding with Buckbeak ever since his rescue by Harry over a year before, and for once it had actually been filled with good news. Though Sirius had long kept his location a secret, even from Remus, Dumbledore had finally thought it time for refugee to begin his return to the wizarding world. Remus had smiled down at the scrawled words upon the wrinkled parchment, overcome with happiness that finally he would get to see his old friend again. He had not set eyes upon Sirius since that fateful full moon when everything had all gone so horribly wrong. The night that could have spelled Sirius' release and pardon for crimes he hadn't committed- if not for Remus. He blamed himself daily. So many "if onlys" plagued his mind, so many apologies written then erased upon parchment, so many moments where he wished pain and suffering upon himself for what he had done. And suffer he did. Alone, jobless, without direction, his days were pitiful and depressing, the only light in them the occasional visit from Dumbledore and the daily letters received from Sirius. It was not an over exaggeration to state that they were the only thing keeping him going, that gave him hope. Things were just so bleak in this world-a world for which his friends had given their lives and the very enemy they had thought to have destroyed was back and attempting to regain power once more. But Sirius's letters, filled with hope and light to fill the darkness that had been his life for the last thirteen years, were his everything. This morning a tap on his window had signified the arrival of Sirius' letter in the clutches of a very wild brown owl Remus had dubbed Bludger. Once he had eaten his fill of bread crumbs, Bludger begrudgingly handed over the letter and flapped happily away to whatever far reaches he had journeyed from. Remus had unrolled the slightly rumpled parchment and smiled. Sirius was finally coming back. He was to arrive at dusk, so as not to draw too much attention, which Remus deemed well-advised. Also he had a craving for french toast. Remus took the hint. After spending all of two minutes tidying his already immaculate flat, Remas ran to the muggle grocery store and splurged the meager allowance that Dumbledore gave him after quitting, on bread, eggs, maple syrup, and powdered sugar for his friend. Then he went home to wait. Shadows began to stretch across the floor, and Remus read the same page in his book over and over, his mind racing with too many thoughts to concentrate. Sirius was returning, but what would he be like? The Sirius he knew from before the war was jovial, sarcastic, full of mischief. Joining the Order had dimmed that light, making him more moody and jaded, so what had twelve years in Azkaban done to the man? Remus wanted to be there for him, whether it be a ear to listen or a shoulder to cry on, but would Sirius let him? All the mistrust in the last few months before the Potters' deaths, times in which neither man had known who to confide in when there was a spy within The Order, had taken their toll. When once Remus had considered Sirius his best friend, they had diverged, barely speaking sometimes while hardly civil in others. Remus didn't blame Sirius though. The hurts that spewed from both their mouths, from a place of fear and mistrust in such dark times were theirs to share. They were both to blame. He just hoped that somewhere deep down Sirius-his Sirius-was still there and willing to let go of some of that part of their past and regrow their friendship. He was so tired of being alone. As the light finally began to fade from the sky, turning the mirky grey of London twilight, there came a knock on Remus' door. Jumping from his chair, his heart beating loudly in his chest, Remus attempted to make his way calmly to the door. There, his white hair and beard glowing yellow in the streetlight, stood Albus Dumbledore, and beside him a rather disheveled brown dog. Brown? "Evening Dumbledore...er...Sirius?" Remus asked, cocking his head at the dog who gave him a wolfish grin. "Quite right," acknowledged the old professor, smiling down at the dog. "Er, why is he brown? Wasn't he black?" "Why yes, Sirius Black I believe," Dumbledore said matter of factly. The dog made his way to Remus, nudging his muzzle into his hand and wagging his tail. "Padfoot, you're covered in mud!" Remus sighed, running his hand through the dog's fur. Padfoot then jumped upon Remus, sending the man crashing to the ground with a resounding thump. "I'll just leave you to it," Dumbledore said, a twinkle in his eye. "See that he's fed and then take him home. He knows where to go. I'll contact you tomorrow Remus." With that the elderly man turned on his heel, closing the door behind him before he disapparated away. "Ugg," Remus said, smiling as he attempted to push the happy mutt off of him. "You really are more mud than dog right now." With a flash Sirius appeared on the floor beside him, sadly no less dirty than his canine self. "I don't know Moony, I rather like brown...Sirius Brown, has a nice ring to it don't you think?" "Hmm the Noble House of Brown…" Sirius cracked a small smile. "I've missed you." Remus smiled too and ducked his head, rubbing the back of his neck bashfully. It was so odd after years of separation to really truly fathom that Sirius was there with him, sitting haphazardly on his floor. Though he longed to reach out, to catch Sirius in a tight hug, he still felt that distance between them. They had poured their emotions into many a letter, full of sorrow and regret, all the hurt and blame coming out and finding resolution upon the pages until both made peace. Yet here, in person, it was different. Harder. More real. Remus sighed. Emotions could wait. "I bought stuff to make french…" Sirius' eyes had already gone wide, "toast," Remus finished, smiling. "But first I think a shower is in order." Sirius looked down at himself, his usual confidence flickering to embarrassment. "Sorry Remus, I really can't tell you when my last proper bath was." Remus shook his head and got to his feet. "Don't worry, really. Now follow me," Remus said, leading the way into his tiny bathroom. "There's clean clothes here, make use of whatever you need in the shower and I'll get started on the toast." As Remus turned to close the bathroom door behind him, Sirius caught his arm. "Thank you, really." The emotion in the other man's words at this small, simple gesture of kindness was almost too painful. "Of course," Remus replied, swallowing back his own emotions, "What are friends for?" With that he shut the door and made his way to the small kitchen, grabbed the groceries and started cooking. After a minute he heard the telltale sound of the water running in the shower and hoped it was cathartic for Sirius to wash away all the dirt and grime of his previous life in hiding. Well he was still in hiding. But at least now he could hide with Remus. If he even wanted that. Remus sighed and ran a hand through his scraggly overly-long blond hair. How was he to figure out what Sirius wanted if he himself didn't know what each day would bring? Everything was so tumultuous with Voldemort having regained physical form after the Triwizard Tournament and the Order of the Phoenix reforming after lying dormant for over a decade. Remus looked down at his ingredients. Life was like baking. Just one step at a time for everything. It was all he could do, all he could handle. After fifteen minutes the pipes rattled as Sirius shut off the shower. Remus threw two slices of french toast in the pan, hoping the smell would bring Sirius to the table shortly. Just as Remus flipped the toast he heard the bathroom door open and out stepped Sirius. His black hair hung long, down to his waist in tangled waves, flowing over his thin shoulders. His eyes shown bright despite the dark circles under them, and the lack of dirt and mud made him look much closer to his actual age of thirty five. Sirius looked up at him and smiled. "You look...much better," Remus said swallowing. Though Sirius was still on the thin side, he must have been eating better than the last time Remus had set eyes on him. He no longer looked the gaunt, hollow man who had pleaded with him in the Shrieking Shack a year ago to believe in his innocence. He'd used Remus' razor to shave off his beard and his sharp, clean jawline gave him back a piece of his lost youth. "Thanks," Sirius said, sitting down at the table as Remus brought over their food. "It's nice to finally feel clean again. Don't get me wrong, cavers are a big step up from Azkaban, but nothing beats a flat with a shower." Remus winced at the mention of Azkaban but Sirius had dug into his food and didn't seem to notice. Every motion felt surreal, just picking up his fork, eating at his own table, all because Sirius was there with him. It was odd how a silence could be both comfortable and deafening. He hoped Sirius was more relaxed in his presence than he himself felt. Nothing and yet everything seemed right and he suddenly felt completely lost. After finishing a slice Sirius looked back at Remus who only then realized he'd been staring and hadn't touched his food. "Something wrong?" Sirius asked warily. What wasn't wrong? Remus thought to himself. The only thing right in the world was that Sirius was finally here with him. "No, it's just...I haven't seen you in so long. You still look so much the same, even after... everything." Sirius furrowed his brow and gave a sad smile. "I know what you mean. When we were writing letters, I still pictured you as I last saw you, well before last year that is...in your twenties," he reached out a hand towards Remus' face but pulled back before he touched him, "less scars." Remus winced. He hated his face, the thin scar that crossed one brow that loudly proclaimed his affliction to anyone who cared to notice. Which was everyone. "I've got more grey hairs too," he said, attempting to draw attention away from his scars. "I have no idea if I have any," Sirius said, trying to run a hand through his overly-long hair. Wouldn't let me cut it in Azkaban and I haven't had a wand since then either." "I kind of like it," Remus said quietly. Sirius let out a sharp bark of laughter. "You can help me brush it then." Remus didn't want to let on that he was all to willing to take him up on the offer, so he changed the subject. "Can't Dumbledore get you a new wand somehow?" "Oh yeah," Sirius said around another mouthful of food, "He's bringing Ollivander by tomorrow, going to sneak him in with some wands for me to try." "Is there no chance of recovering your old wand?" Remus asked carefully. "Nope. Snapped