Enjoy~ (This is not perfectly written, as I understand, I am deaf. It affects my writing, but I always always looking for a beta. If you're interested, PM me please.) No warnings in this chapter at the moment. Sitting among the damaged office, knowing the time has went by and nothing seemed to change for the rest. After the students left, knowing Sirius Black was killed as a hero and witnessed the dark lord's return, he received a hearing for Sirius' Will. He missed the young man on the train station and decided he would deliver everything to him. Albus received one of the items that had lost on anyone else, a mirror. The headmaster knew exactly what it was and kept it unknown to them. He stated that Sirius must have found the mirror to look at himself, to ensure he was seeing was real and that he was alive. Most people believed him, the rest suspected it contains a magical source. At least, he knew and accepted it to hand it over to the boy-who-lived. He picked the mirror up on the desk and looked at it within. Albus placed a familiar face with a smile and prepared for the calling. "Harry-" He stopped once he saw two people within the room and curiously wondered what was going on. It was a dark bedroom, barely much of room, but a spare one from the look of things. One of the two people the headmaster was able to assume was Harry, the other must have been his…uncle. The uncle was clear in view, but the boy's back wasn't much to gather from. "Stay in your room, freak! I have guests coming and I do not tolerate to have them see a single sight of you!" A huff escaped the Gryffindor's lips, "Then let me go out!" Vernon's looks could kill and gathered a shoe on the floor. His hand flung the shoe to the boy and Harry ducked it in perfect timing or he'd get the bruises. His arms crossed once the danger ceased and gave an annoyed 'yes, I will stay my room'. Vernon nodded and left before the bitterness consumed for the rest of the day. The headmaster blinked at the uncle, wondering why that man treated his nephew such way. He thought back…perhaps, he should have suspected Minerva points on the matter. The blue eyes turned to the boy and waited to be noticed, but Harry walked over to his bed as he pouted. "I hate my life," He muttered, "Why I bothered coming here is beyond me." He scoffed. Harry turned the opposite side of where the mirror was and curled up on his bed. The headmaster withdrew himself from the mirror and held his breath. He took the mirror and tucked in his warded drawer. He collected his wand and sent a patronus with a message to someone specifically. The headmaster collected his thoughts to consider a few things, dismissing a few here and there, and a hum to end what he concluded. "Yes, headmaster?" A monotone coming in from the door, a dark hair man walked in while his robe billowed. Albus nodded, "Come in, lemon drop?" He gestured at the bowl. Severus' brow raised, "No thank you. Is there a reason you sent a patronus, sir?" Finding his time rather…occupied. The elder sighed and helped himself a lemon drop, "I was using a contact to reach the boy and it seems that I called at a wrong timing. His…living arrange is not consider a home. A particular relative," A dislike hummed, "…did not entirely treat him as their own." The potion master crossed his arms, "And why does this matters to you?" "You are the only ones who trained him into shielding his mind. Why was I not reported of his lifestyle at a home?" Severus frowned, "I assumed he told you, sir." "No," He stroked his beard, "However, you are aware. I have an assignment for you." "I'm not going to visit the boy, if that is what you are asking." Albus' eyes twinkled, "Oh, believe me, it will not be you he will be seeing." The Slytherin gaped, but quickly closed his mouth before continuing it further. His eyes harshly narrowed at the foolish man and scowled without a doubt. "No." Albus grinned, "Believe me, he will not notice." "He is not naïve, headmaster. Professor Minerva has stated that he pointed out each and quite familiar on that area," He did not like this…plans, "It would not look good on your behalf, nor mine." There was some point, but his twinkling eye did not die, "Only if he knew, does he, Severus?" Severus huffed, knowing the headmaster had a point, and could not dismiss it any less than he could. He grumbled and found the situation rather unusual one. "Fine. For the sake of his safety, have you checked with the wards of his'?" Albus shook his head, "No. I will check it when we arrive there tomorrow morning. I shall let you prepare a few things and more." He gathered himself out of his chair, "Is there a name for it already?" Severus nodded, "Dusk, why?" "Curious as well, you may go. I will meet you here at seven in the morning." The Potion masters left the office and found himself in his room. The headmaster watched him leave and found himself pleased to succeed an improvement on the plans. This summer would certainly be different, he hoped a little change would make the best for the boy. … As the men were readily at the house the boy happened to live at. Albus didn't like what he was learning and sighed. Severus noticed and suspected this approach might be for the best. "The ward has weakened, knowing the boy hasn't seen as a home to him and only a home to survive. Perhaps, you should stay with him." "What of my position?" He frowned, not liking this plan anymore than he did. Albus nodded, "I have a substitute prepared, a cover story to state you are attending somewhere to investigate a particular potion in discovery and likely to be there for some time." The man nodded, "Fair enough." He stepped aside from the man. The headmaster glanced at him, "Before you do," He pulled something in his pocket robe as it enlarged, "This collar will help you. The tag is easily to be squeeze and allows you to contact me like the mirrors. It is also a portkey, directly to my office, and the code is One." Severus glared at the man, but dismissed it for now. He placed it around his neck, knowing he would lose in the matter, and went along with this plan. Now, allowing his magic to consume around himself and felt everything shifted painlessly. Albus grinned at such opportunity to see Severus in a fine creature. The elder folded his hands and smiled. "Your cat animagus is quite a lovely form, my dear boy." Hearing a hiss from him, "If I assume correctly, you are," He noticed the cat body was quite long and sturdy type, quite legs, and bushy tail. The ears were much similar to lynx's ears. However, the fur was black as Severus' hair and soft – if one spends closely enough to the potion master to know it was soft looking and clean. The fur coat was long, glossy, and thick looking, "Norwegian Forest?" The cat nodded and approved the correct assumption. Most people would have mixed it up, if they knew his form. His eyes appeared to be much of golden tone. The blue eyes glanced at the house and seeing people moving around, which had signaled him naturally. "It's time, good luck, Dusk," He smiled. The cat glared at the elder for such 'luck' when he clearly does not believe in, but the man left the cat alone. Severus, actually, Dusk began to walk over to the house and saw the door opening. He stood from there and watched what would be happening. "Get to garden, boy! I want it to be elegant and proper!" The aunt pushed him over to the backyard, "Get those done by noon! I expect finger sandwiches, biscuits, scones, and tea readily to go before they show up!" "Yes, Aunt Petunia." Harry walked over to the gate and collected the tools he needed. The woman scoffed and muttered something that the boy could not hear. The lynx ears picked up and shook his head. Dusk did not really expected any changes with her over the years. Slowly, his paws onto their lawn and crept into the yard. The golden eyes witnessed the on task of hard work through the garden. The way those hands protected by gloves had dug up a handful of dirt, while the other hand brushed the dirt off whatever he was holding. Once the dirt was gone, he placed it into the pile that held a few other weeds and dead plants. Dusk blinked, he did not think it would be possible to do it in such short time. The boy kept going without stopping to breathe in between, nearly the speed of his first broom. Something, the Slytherin side of him had suspected more than he had realized and decided to see how this investigation would come out to be. While feeling much too warm, the animagus spotted the large tree and its shadow. He headed over there and sat at ease to know he wouldn't be cooked out in the sun. His eyes fixated on Potter the entire time, especially pondering why the Gryffindor boy did not notice his presence, especially his fur stood out. Within ten minutes, Harry finished finding anything that would not be good for the growing nature. He went over to the small shed and gathered the newly bought plants and flowers. The emerald eyes observed everything around him- "…a cat?" The boy finally noticed him? "I don't Aunt would like that…" He set the plants and flowers down as he walked over to the black cat in his sight, "Shoo!" His hand waved, nearly panicking inwardly about 'allowing animals to infest their property' or whatever nonsense, "Go home!" The cat stood up, eyeing on the boy, and backed away slowly. He found another spot in the shadow by the bushes and Harry sighed, considering it was not his luck. He suspected he could handle this one later and return to his 'chores'. He collected the flower and began plotting them into garden area. The boy-who-lived took his time filling those flowerbeds and filled it up to maintain its support. After that, he placed some minerals that would keep it safe for the entire summer and lastly, finally watered them. Once he managed to pour water to each plants, he set it down and breathed finally. He nodded at such work he did and began to clean things up. Dusk tilted his head, but he noticed he was feeling quite hot due to the hot summer. It made him thirsty…he did see the watering can still filled with water. If anything, if he had to act like a cat, might as well play along to keep suspicious of an animagus being. The golden eyes watched the boy as he engaged closely and his ears on guards for anything could happen. The Norwegian Forest finally reached his destiny and helped himself without difficult. The water soothed his summer heat problem and kept drinking it. A soft chuckle traveled to his ears and he froze. "I suppose I should have left water out, considering you're invading my relative's yard." He shrugged, "But I recommend you finish drinking and get out of here, cat." Harry collected the last few tools on the ground and walked over to the shed. Dusk frowned, as much as a cat could…he did not think he would be caught. Perhaps, he ought to work on his hidden ability better. He