Author's Note: Hey everyone. I've decided to write something other than my Root of Darkness story because writing about 130k words worth of one story in less than two months wore me down and I find myself stalling on it a little. So in order to keep the creative juices flowing I've written this and I had fun writing it the last two days. Have fun reading but don't expect regular updates on this. 'Where am I?' I looked around the vast prairie that surrounded me. My last conscious thought was… Ah, I see. I looked down at my hands as I flexed them without any of the pain that had plagued me for so long. It would seem that the surgery wasn't a success or I was hallucinating. The former. A deep voiced that seemed to shake my entire being spoke from above. Startled at the sudden noise I let out a yelp and ended up tripping on an uneven portion of ground. The ground was soft so my fall didn't hurt but it did knock the wind out of me and I felt my cheeks heat up in embarrassment. Looking up at the source of the voice as my cheeks glowed red I saw… I saw something impossibly beautiful. Shapes and swirls moved together in a chaotic yet orderly pattern, but they also seemed to move backwards and forwards at the same time. I felt my mind begin to crack just looking at the being and without conscious effort my hands went towards my eyes as a mad cackling filled the fields around us. Then there was pain, so much pain and my laughing grew louder and louder until it cut off suddenly. Enough. I blinked and slowly moved my hands away from my face before blinking again. 'What just happened? Is that blood on my hands?' I apologize. It has been many eons since I have last interacted with a mortal. I looked upwards and had to shield my eyes from the shining ball of light before I looked back down at my bloody hands. "Did I just-" Yes. My hands began to tremble and I leaned to the side as I began to dry heave. Whatever the thing was waited patiently for me to finish as I furiously wiped my hands on the ground to clean them. I wasn't able to remove all of the blood from my hands but it was soothing to my battered psyche to try and once I had mostly recovered I turned back to the glowing ball of light. "So I assume I'm dead then?" That would be correct. I hung my head at the conformation. Surprisingly, it didn't hurt as much as I thought it would as I had been prepared to die for a while now. Cancer would do that to you and the odds of success for the surgery had been quite low going into it. My brow scrunched in thought and I looked around at the seemingly never ending plains surrounding me. "So you must be God then? Have you come to judge me?" There was a pause before the being of light spoke. I am a God, but one you are not familiar with and I have come with an offer. 'An offer?' Yes. I offer you the choice to move on to your final resting place wherever that may be or be reborn into another world. 'Of course it can read my mind.' I thought bitterly before I spoke up. "What's the catch? There must be some downside to choosing to be reborn." There is someone on that world that will struggle against the darkness that is coming. I would have you stand with her as a soulmate. I scoff at that. "A soulmate? Are our eyes going to meet and we'll instantly love each other for the rest of time." No, that is a soul bond. Think of a soulmate as you would a random stranger you meet on the street yet you would both instantly feel as though the other could be your best friend. That will not make you automatically best friends but when you are together things will just click and anything further will be on your own initiative. 'That doesn't sound so bad although the stand against darkness is kind of vague and unsettling.' I hummed as I thought about it some more. "Do I have any knowledge of the place I'm going?" No, only that it is one of magic and technology although they are separate from one another. "Oh drat, foreknowledge would be useful." I paused for a moment and then asked my next question. "Do I have to decide now or can I take some time to think about it?" We are Nowhere and Everywhere. In this place Time is meaningless. 'So that's a yes I suppose.' With that answered I laid back down on the grass to think for a while. After an indeterminate amount of time later my eyes opened and I sat back up. "Alright, I'll do it." Good. Go then with my boon to help you on your journey. The prairie and the God disappeared as I was sucked into a void of darkness. Panic clawed at my mind yet in the distance I saw a light that seemed to be growing closer and as something seemed to squeeze me I entered the light. It blinded me and the next thing I knew I felt myself being lifted and a sharp pain on my butt. The pain was so sudden and unexpected that I let out a sharp cry before I felt something wash over me and then something soft wrap around me. "Congratulations, it's a boy." 'Ah, I was just born.' My mind supplied as I felt myself grasped by someone and a sharp gasp. "Oh honey look, he's just like our little Nym." My vision was still blurry but I was able to make out the strong aristocratic features of the sweat drenched woman holding me along with her long brown hair. 'My new mother I suppose.' "I can see that love. What should we name him then?" A deeper male voice came from behind me and I couldn't see what I assume to be my father. "Eros, Eros Tonks." 'What an odd name.' I thought as I felt myself slipping away into sleep. Apparently dying and being reborn really takes it out of you. The last thing I heard was my new mom humming at me. When I next woke up I was momentarily confused as to where I was and why I couldn't see well or move before it all came flooding back to me. I laid there for a while trying to process everything before an almost involuntary sob wracked through me as it truly hit me what I had lost when I had died. I don't know how long I was there in that crib crying before I felt a strong pair of arms lift me up and a soothing voice started speaking to me. I was still too distressed to really listen to what they were saying but the next thing I knew something was shoved into my mouth and I involuntarily started sucking. Of course it hit me just what I was sucking on when I felt liquid start flowing into my mouth. I wanted to stop, I really did, but in the end it was necessary no matter how odd I found it to be. A short while later I heard another voice coming from behind me. "Mum, is that the baby?" "Nym, what are you doing up this early?" I heard some shuffling and then the voice spoke again closer. "I heard crying and I wanted to see what was happening. Can I hold him?" There was a moment of silence before my new mom answered. "In a bit after he's done feeding and only if you sit down first." "Okay." I was feeling full anyways so I pulled away from her nipple. "Oh, it's seems like he's done already. Why don't we go over to the couch and I'll let you hold him." We made our way over to it before I felt myself being handed off to what I assumed was my sister. "Careful now. Make sure you're supporting his head." After a careful handoff I was able to finally see who my new mother had been talking too. A young girl beamed down at me but that wasn't what I concentrated on. The most fascinating thing about her was the fact that her hair was rapidly changing color as I looked at it. "Look mummy, he can change his hair too." 'I can? How? I don't feel anything changing?' "We're going to have so much fun together." My new sister declared loudly and gave me a beautiful smile. ~5 Years Later~ I stood next to my mom, Andromeda Tonks, as my dad, Edward Tonks, fussed over my sister as we stood at the King's Cross Station. Her hair was flickering between colors but it was usually settling on a light red which I knew meant that she was reaching the end of her patience. "Dad, it's fine. Stop fussing." He let out a sigh and pulled her into a hug. "Just let me have this, alright? It's not every day that I get to see my one and only daughter off to Hogwarts." I didn't hear her reply as it was kind of loud with everyone around us and her face was buried in my dad's growing gut. Whatever it was he stepped back and gave her one last pat on the cheek causing her to roll her eyes as she turned to us. I walked over and gave her a hug as well. I would miss having her around the house. It was fun trying to find the boundaries of our talents together but on the other hand I would be able to get some peace and quiet once she was gone. If I had to describe my sister in one word it would be boisterous which could be tiring after a while. "Bye Dora, come back soon." Her arms wrapped around me as she returned the hug. "I'll only be gone for a bit." I gave her one more squeeze and then stepped back as my mom took my place. "Have fun dear and do make sure to write. Do you need any help getting your trunk onboard?" Dora shook her head as she stepped back towards her trunk. "I will and no thanks I can handle it myself." She picked up her trunk and wobbled a bit under the weight. I saw my dad slip out his wand out of Dora's view and cast something on her trunk. 'Probably made it lighter or something.' Was what I thought as she seemed to be able to lift it easier than before. Sending a beaming smile our way Dora boarded the gleaming red train after we had said our goodbyes. Not a minute later the train gave a piercing whistle and everyone seemed to scramble as the ten minute countdown started. My mom grabbed my hand as the train started to pull away and I waved back at Dora who was sticking out the side of a window waving at us. We stood there until the train was out of sight and as the crowd started to break up we went off to the side to allow other people to go through the barrier first. "Well I'm off to work than." My dad gave my mom a kiss and ruffled my hair. "You be good for your mum." "Alright." He gave me a grin and then disappeared with a crack. "I guess it's just the two of us then. Let's go back home." We left the station and after an extremely uncomfortable bus ride on that monstrosity that they called a bus we were back at our little two