Like so much of his life, it had started out as a medical thing—a mystery to solve—a project. He certainly hadn't meant to develop a crush on the son of Hades. It was an accident. Being a son of Apollo, Will Solace was highly attuned to when people were in pain. And no one at Camp Half-Blood had a more persistent pain problem than Nico di Angelo. It was impossible for Will not to notice. It oozed off the kid in a nearly tangible miasma. He couldn't help but feel inclined to try to help. It was his nature; he couldn't ignore his instinct to attempt to heal people any better than someone like Percy Jackson could have taken up permanent residence in a desert. He noticed and he wanted to do something about it. The problem was, Will had no idea what . He didn't understand Nico di Angelo. There was no physical wound for him to fix. How anyone could feel that bad, that persistently, while in perfect health was baffling. It's not that Will hadn't seen depressed kids at camp before. It was a hard state to avoid when one's very existence was a constant struggle just to stay alive. The ongoing monster attacks, the necessary separation from one's family, the lack of recognition from godly parents...well. There were few demigods that hadn't struggled with depression at some point or other. It was a part of demigod life. But another part of demigod life was the tight-knit bond you formed with other demigods. The support structure at Camp Half-Blood was phenomenal. That seemed to carry most of the other campers through the bad spells. Not so for Nico. If anything, the other camper's closeness just seemed to make him worse. Nico's mental state was on an entirely different plane than the others. And Will couldn't see any reason why. Nico was extremely capable. He was talented and had impressive control over his powers. He wasn't unattractive either. At a surface glance, he seemed like someone who was really going somewhere. Well, technically he was 'going somewhere'. That 'somewhere' being away from camp . Constantly. It drove Will crazy. He wasn't sure what it would take to fix an emotional injury of the caliber that Nico seemed to be sporting, but he was fairly certain that if there was an answer, avoiding other demigods wasn't it. Nico's return visits to camp were getting sparser and sparser. And each time he reappeared he looked more haunted and gaunt. It was downright heartbreaking. Will didn't understand what could possibly be eating away at his fellow camper in such a destructive way, but he wanted to. So he asked around, finding out what the other demigods knew about Nico. He didn't learn much, only managing to gleam a bit of extra insight into the circumstances of his sister's death. He had heard about Bianca when it had happened, of course. But he hadn't talked to either of the Hades siblings much at the time. Her death had happened on a mission so the Apollo cabin had been uninvolved. And it had occurred so quickly after their arrival that he hadn't even been so much as introduced to either of them yet. The average response Will's inquires seemed to get was ' Who? Oh that quiet guy? I have no idea, he's never talked to me. ' Percy had seemed like he knew the most, but he wasn't willing to share much. When Will had asked him an uncharacteristically guilty expression had slid across his face and he immediately looked uncomfortable. "Nico's cool," was all he said. Will secretly agreed. Because he was now watching the son of Hades, during those rare times he was around to watch, and he liked what he saw. Nico was determined. And impressively independent. And he had a very subtle sense of humor that rarely showed, but Will had managed to coax out evidence of it in a few awkward conversations, when he succeeded in cornering the fleeting demigod. At some point he noticed that he was scanning crowds in hopes of catching a glimpse of dark hair and dark eyes with matching dark circles, not because he wanted to help Nico, but just because he wanted more chances to talk to him. He actually missed him when he wasn't around (which was unfortunately, most of the time.) Was it possible to miss someone you hardly even knew? Apparently, yes. Camp Half-Blood felt a lot emptier when the son of Hades wasn't around. Will started trying harder to engage the younger demigod when he did make the rounds to camp. Nico unfortunately wasn't very receptive. He was too lost in his own head to even notice that Will was reaching out. Invitations to join in group activities were awkwardly dismissed. Friendly greetings were cut short. Will would have taken it personally except he was all too aware that Nico treated everyone that way. He didn't understand why. Oh, he'd certainly heard Nico's excuses—there was no missing the fact that his not-quite-friend seemed to be under the impression that no one liked him (utter bull as far as Will was concerned) and that he didn't belong (even more ridiculous, really.) Will simply didn't get it. At least half of Nico's problems seemed to be self-inflicted. Some days he just wanted to shake the guy until all of his insecurity and self-loathing dropped off. He knew that the Nico underneath was worthwhile. He knew that a fair number of other people would agree. Maybe not every single demigod at Camp Half-Blood (Nico's insecurity wasn't completely unfounded, he'd admit, he had seen some of the stares, heard some of the comments,) but certainly enough. If only Nico could see. It was the Battle of Manhattan that made Will realize that his 'project' had long ago stopped being a 'project' and somehow turned into more of an infatuation. He'd gotten in too deep and spent too much time studying Nico; too much time mulling him over. It was with great frustration that he'd gone into battle with nothing to offer beyond the role of medic. Sure, he knew that his healing skills were essential at a time like that. He knew what he was doing was important . But that didn't stop the pang of guilt he felt for not joining his friends on the front line. Other demigods were laying down their lives left and right, heroically attacking foes with nearly insurmountable power. And instead of defending them all he could do was scramble behind and do his best to pick up and repair the broken pieces. Will worked his hardest and fastest to keep the downed demigods alive, all the while wishing that he could be doing even more. Nico was doing more. In spite of being younger than most of the other demigods, Nico threw himself right into the thickest part of the melee. Even Will, who'd been paying closer attention to the son of Hades than most was surprised by just how powerful Nico had become. He watched in astonishment as whole swaths of Kronos's army were flattened by Nico's Underworld powers. The most astonishing thing though wasn't Nico's control over the earth and the undead. It was how the heat of battle transformed him. Will had never seen Nico look so comfortable and confident before. The younger demigod was actually smiling as he drew endless armies of bones up from the cracking earth. It was a good look on him. One Will wanted to be able to recreate without scores of bloodthirsty Titans and Giants having to be involved. When most people would be reduced to their worst and most desperate, Nico was shining. And Will realized that he wasn't just impressed. He was captivated . So much that he narrowly missed getting hit by a flaming arrow in a moment of accidental staring. That close call had shaken him out of his distraction and he'd managed to stay focused for the rest of the battle, even more determined and on task than before, wanting to do justice in his own work to the valiant efforts of his allies. But the mental image of Nico's heroics didn't leave him as he tirelessly worked. For a brief time, Will had thought that Nico's battle forged transformation might last; the glow of victory clung to him for the next several days. And he clearly wasn't the only one to notice, as the entire camp seemed friendlier and more inclusive towards Nico. Will's hopes that Nico might actually stay for good were briefly entertained as construction on a Hades cabin commenced. Unfortunately the change didn't last. The glow began to fade almost as quickly as it had set in. Even with the newfound respect of the other campers, Nico didn't join in any group activities. He disappeared again before his cabin was even finished being built. If watching Nico shut down and disappear had been difficult before, now it was a hundred times more unsettling. Now Will had really seen Nico's true potential, and the self-imposed denial of that potential just seemed all the more tragic. Not to mention, now Will was painfully aware that he had a crush , and that was a bit of a problem. Crushes weren't usually a problem for Will. He never agonized over them or worked himself up. If he liked someone he usually had no problem bluntly telling the person. If they liked him back, that was cool. If they didn't, then that just meant they weren't meant to be. He didn't stress over it too much. He tried to imagine declaring his feelings to Camp Half-Blood's most part time member. Yeah, like that would go over well. Pretty much every scenario he could predict ended with Nico dramatically disappearing. Asking Nico out was almost definitely a terrible idea. But the thing was, he couldn't just move on from his crush either, because he wasn't convinced that he didn't have a chance. Maybe he was just reading too much into things, but he really felt like something was there . As time passed, cornering Nico to talk was taking less and less effort. Nico seemed slightly less on edge around Will than around other campers. Sometimes he even laughed at Will's jokes. Okay, so those things hardly amounted to a heartfelt love confession, but really, from a guy like Nico it was certainly something . If only Nico would actually acknowledge it. His mantra of 'I don't have friends' really began to grate on Will. What did that make him, anyway? Chopped liver? No, you don't have friends. Just admirers waiting around for you to deem them worthy of bestowing your friendship upon. The desire to violently shake Nico only intensified. Along with Will's feelings. It was exasperating. So Will didn't dismiss his crush. He just acknowledged to himself that he couldn't go about it in his usual way. Nico would require a degree of carefulness that he didn't usually bother with. It was going to take longer. He could handle that; Will was patient. He needed to more thoroughly break down that friendship wall first. Easier said than done. How was he supposed to prove to Nico that they were friends, when Nico kept running off and doing crazy things like plunging into Tartarus and getting kidnapped by Giants? Will wanted to run off and try to help every time he heard word of such a turn of events. But his responsibilities as a counselor kept him chained to Camp Half-Blood. And the prophecies never seemed to have anything to do with him. There was never a shortage of 'chosen ones' that Chiron thought better suited to go on the quests. All Will could do was stay behind and try not to go insane waiting for word that everyone was okay. He'd already seen too many of his friends from camp go off and not return. Sometimes it felt like