When he'd said he was never coming back, Nico had meant it. He'd seen his mission and promises out of course; made sure the Athena Parthenos was safely delivered. Waited until it was clear that Gaea was defeated and everyone was safe (as safe as demigods can ever be at least) and then he'd bolted. Jason had predictably tried to intervene but Nico was an expert at disappearing; his one pseudo-friend hadn't stood a chance at stopping him. Nico di Angelo was gone before the victory celebrations had really started and he hadn't looked back. He'd slipped erratically from shadow to shadow, on no set course and without attention to direction. When he stopped he didn't know what state he was in, or even if he'd left the country. He preferred it that way. If he didn't even know where he was, what were the chances anyone else could find him? Not that anyone would have gone looking, anyway. ...Or so he thought. His voluntary ostracism lasted three years. Three years, four months and 27 days—not that he was counting. (Okay, so maybe he was counting but really, what else was there to do when you were living alone in a derelict cabin on the fringe of a town too small and forgotten to even have its own post office? Nico had to do something to kill the time.) He still spent a fair amount of time in the underworld, but not quite as much as he would have preferred. The Underworld was after all, where people expected him to go. The idea of being that pathetically predictable irritated him. Never mind that it didn't actually matter if he were predictable since no one would bother trying to find him there. It was the principle of the thing. His principles were pretty much the only thing he had left, after all. He was utterly alone. Alone alone, and that's exactly what he wanted. Well, it's what he wanted second to that o ther thing he wanted, the topic-off-limits-thing, the thing that he didn't even let himself abstractly think about because contrary to how he might look to outsiders, Nico wasn't a masochist. There was no point in letting himself dwell on stuff that only hurt. He had better things to do. Like pace aimlessly around his predominately empty cabin. Fight the occasional monster that showed up. And concoct more and more elaborate ways to tally his increasingly long list of days spent alone. Okay, so maybe he didn't have the healthiest way of coping with things, but at least he was coping. He sensed the intruder long before the knock. It wasn't often that anything living larger than a bird came within fifty feet of him. (Other than monsters of course, but they gave off an entirely different vibe than mortals or demigods; he could tell the difference a long way off.) Nico was very in tune with his sparse surroundings and noticed immediately that a demigod was approaching. He considered disappearing. There was no shortage of shadows in the surrounding room and he could easily vanish before whoever it was out there so much as had a chance to set foot on the doorstep (which sported a very bold 'Not Welcome' mat...installed primarily for Nico's own amusement since he didn't expect any callers and none ever came—until today.) He hesitated though. He was in his own house, wasn't he? (Sure it was technically an abandoned old junk heap that he was more squatting in than legal owner of, but still, he was the one currently taking care of this place.) He shouldn't have to run away. And he'd made it very clear he didn't want anything to do with anyone. Whoever had come to bother him deserved an earful. There would be something very satisfying in slamming the door in the face of whoever was out there. (If he were honest with himself he'd acknowledge that having the chance to slam his door in the face of one of his old... acquaintances ...is something he'd downright longed to do. But Nico wasn't all that great at being honest with himself, even now.) He convinced himself that he was opening the door merely to ensure that whoever was out there would know to never come back. If he ran they might persistently keep trying to track him down. That would certainly be a bother. He just had to make sure his intentions were clear so that he could go back to his very important solitude. He certainly wasn't opening the door because he actually wanted to see whoever was out there. That was just crazy. He swung the door open dramatically, expecting to find some camper he didn't know, but probably someone carrying a message from Jason, or maybe (just maybe, but probably not) Hazel. Or barring a half-blood, possibly a term life insurance salesman (wouldn't that be ironic, Nico might have even enjoyed telling one of those off.) Really, he would have guessed pretty much anyone except who he found there. He should have run. "Uh..." His well rehearsed 'go away' died on his lips. Percy didn't say anything. Nico's grip tightened on the doorknob. He knew already though that he wasn't going to slam it. He couldn't—and not because it was Percy standing in the door. Under normal circumstances Percy Jackson would have been the top of his list of people whose face he would have absolutely loved to slam a door in (not because he honestly thought Percy deserved it, just because it would have felt great, and there weren't a whole lot of things that made Nico feel particularly good anymore. For all the crud he'd been dealt in his life, he felt he deserved that one small gratification.) The problem was, the young man standing on Nico's novelty 'Not Welcome' mat wasn't Percy. Not the proper Percy. Not the Percy who'd rescued him as a kid or the Percy he'd thought failed his sister or even the more battered but triumphant Percy he'd seen climb out of Tartarus. He would have recognized the life force of that Percy before he'd opened the door (of course then he probably wouldn't have opened the door at all—he definitely would have bolted.) This person didn't feel like the right Percy any more than he looked like him. This was just some zombie-like shade that sort of vaguely resembled Percy, but couldn't possibly be the real one. This person was too broken to be Percy Jackson. And Percy Jackson wasn't breakable. If there was one thing Nico had ever had any faith in it was that. Except. Well, except. There was one scenario that Nico could imagine which might prove that conviction fallible. It was too awful to consider, but the second the thought crossed his mind, Nico knew exactly what must of happened. There was only one thing that would make someone look like that. Nico knew, because he'd seen the same haunted expression in his own reflection more times than he could count. And just like that he knew why Percy was here. "I can't help you," he snapped. It came out meaner than he'd meant it to, but Nico was panicking. Even given the circumstances—caught between the warring instincts to shove Percy away and throw his arms out to tackle him in a hug—being caustic still seemed like the safer course of action. Percy either expected Nico's reaction, or was too far lost on autopilot to react to the animosity. He was unblinkingly silent for a moment, and then said, "You're the only person who can help me." "You only think I can help you," Nico retaliated, voice dropping to a hiss (he was paranoid about the wrong sets of ears overhearing a conversation like this, never mind the fact that he didn't have a single neighbor to overhear.) "I can't. You're wrong. I'm the last person who can help you right now, Percy. Go back to camp. Be with your friends. Go see your mom. Or a therapist. Go away ." There, he finally said it. Too bad he didn't mean it. "I need you." And wasn't that the kicker. Just how many years had Nico longed to hear exactly that phrase come from exactly that mouth? It didn't matter that not-really-Percy's voice was flat and emotionless as he said the words. That he knew what Percy really meant was 'I need your abilities' and not 'I need my friend: Nico di Angelo' . It didn't matter. That one simple sentence was still an effective sledgehammer to Nico's carefully constructed wall. He slumped against the doorframe. "You look terrible," he muttered, waving Percy inside. "You might as well eat something before I throw you out." He didn't mean that of course, and he knew it. He only said it because really, that's probably what Percy expected him to say. Not to mention he was slightly afraid that if he didn't say something Percy would be able to hear the hammering of his jacked up traitorous heart over the silence. He couldn't even tell if it was hammering out of anticipation of bad news, or just because his former (okay, not actually former, more like ongoing, never mind the three year hiatus) crush was standing twelve inches away from him. He was so pathetic. Percy shuffled inside, allowing Nico to steer him into a chair. He sat there vacantly while Nico backed into the kitchen. With a thick wooden door between him and Percy, Nico allowed himself to properly freak out. He paced around the small room, opening cupboards as he went despite the fact that he knew they were all pretty much empty and he wasn't going to find anything in them. Percy Jackson is in my house, thought Nico hysterically. Percy came to find me . Percy needs me. There was only one topic anyone ever wanted Nico's help with. People came to Nico when someone was dead. People only looked like Percy did right now when someone important was dead. Someone more important than anyone else. Someone like Annabeth. "Oh gods," moaned Nico under his breath. "This sucks ." He put a kettle on the stove and turned it on, intending to make tea. Not that Nico was big on drinking tea or anything, it just seemed like the appropriate thing to do at a time like this. But then of course Nico remembered that he didn't actually own any tea (attributed to that whole not being really big on drinking it thing) and turned the stove off again. He grabbed a can of coke from the fridge and set it on a tray. "Hm," he said, staring hard at the tray's lone occupant. He turned back to the fridge. Unfortunately that can of coke had been pretty much the only thing in his fridge, aside from a half empty bottle of ketchup that probably carbon dated back to the cretaceous period. He tried the freezer. It was marginally more fruitful, revealing a bag of freezer-burned peas and some frozen blueberries. "Huh," said Nico staring into the frozen abyss. His hand hovered in the open door for a moment before a distant memory of an interlude at Percy's mom's apartment guided him to grab the fruit. He poured some blueberries into a bowl and plopped it on the tray next to the soda. On another day he might have actually tried defrosting them before serving them to a guest, but Nico was still a bit distracted by his frenzied thought loop of ' Oh gods, Annabeth's dead. ' Besides, he'd never gotten around to acquiring a microwave. He caught his reflection in the aluminum bottom of the tray in his hands—the hollow, exhaustion-ringed eyes gazing back at him did not belong to a face that someone would go to for comfort. He already knew that wasn't why Percy was here though. Percy was here to ask him to bring Annabeth back. And that