Author's Note: I started working on this as a bit of a pet project a while ago. It was an effort to combine my favorite books with one of my favorite movies (and books, really). This is obviously going to be super OOC/AU but it should be a good time nonetheless. I don't have the rights to either THG or N&N. Big ups to the folks who do, though. Enjoy. " I always think of each night as a song. Or each moment as a song. But now I'm seeing we don't live in a single song. We move from song to song, from lyric to lyric, from chord to chord. There is no ending here. It's an infinite playlist." – Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist My phone rings again and I toss it onto my bed. It's not the name I want popping up on the LCD, so as I've done for the past two weeks, I let it go to my already-full voicemail. When it stops vibrating (I've long since turned my ringtone off. Hearing our song play every time I get a call is quickly driving me to the brink of insanity.), I push my desk chair away from my computer and pick it back up. I toss it back and forth between my hands like its on fire. No matter how agonizing the painful reality of being ignored is; I'd rather have the thing nearby just in case he calls me back. As if the 150 messages I've left him aren't incentive enough. The ding of my laptop brings me back to the task at hand: finishing the most recent in a stream of mix cd's that I've been dropping off at Cato's door since our 'breakup'. This, the girls have wasted no time or opportunity to remind me, has turned yours truly into a real. fucking. creep. Not that I need that. This gnawing feeling in my gut has become all-too familiar and all-too embarrassing. I'd give anything to kick it. A chorus of hoops and hollers erupt from outside of my window and I immediately know who it is. I glance back at the clock on my computer, and it's just now hitting 3:30. Which means Jo, Madge and most-likely Gale have had enough time to blow off their final free period and hop in Gale's beat up VW van for a joy ride to my house. I wish I could say I hadn't expected them to show up after my "sick day". "Hey, Bitch!" I remind myself that it's not an insult. Johanna spews these curses as assertions, not assumptions. I hitch up my window and look down at the gang. Gale has managed to park half in my driveway and 100% on my mother's garbage cans; Madge sits cross-legged on the roof of the van packing a pipe and Jo hollers from her position directly under my window. "You need to haul ass, Catnip." Gale hushes Johanna and explains for her, "We got a gig in the city and you know how she gets when I try to speed." He flicks his thumb in the direction of the van. The old thing has been faithful to all of the men in the Hawthorne family since the 70's, but the poor thing only has so much in her at this point. I look down at my phone. Still nothing. "You know, I'm not really feeling it tonight. That's why I took a 'sick day'… because I'm sick?" I zip up the oversized grey Rutgers hoodie I'm wearing and stuff my hands into the pockets. "You know what I'm sick of? You acting like a fucking sad sack. Come on. We're opening up for Templesmith. The crowd is gonna be wicked as hell and their drummer has a fantastic set of tits, if I do say so myself." I roll my eyes at Jo's usual erratic behavior. Our band has been playing shows in the city since our sophomore year and between Jo and Gale (and sometimes Madge too, who doesn't believe in 'binary sexuality', whatever that means), we've never left a show without a female guest or two stuffed in the back seat. They have magnificent pull, I must admit. Jo pulls a cig from her back pocket and lights it. "And besides, word on the street is that Godot is in the city tonight." She comments between puffs, shooting me a look that says she knows just the mention of my favorite band is enough to get me to circumnavigate the globe. I'm not going to give her the satisfaction of knowing that though. "Kat, please join us. It would be ever-so-delightful to have you." Madge's light voice drifts from her position on top of the van as she stubs out the last of her smoke. "And it's not like we can't do anything without our fucking lead singer, so…" Gale cracks his knuckles in annoyance like he always does when things aren't going his way. The two of us have known each other longer than I've known anyone else in the band. We met in third grade music class. Gale was always a show-off, trying to prove to everyone –including our teacher- that he was better at percussion than anyone in the room. He was the cockiest nine year old I ever had the displeasure of meeting. Percussion had, in fact, only been one unit, but there was no questioning whether or not the kid was gifted. At that age I swore than no one would ever best Sheila E, the rhythmic genius behind some of Prince's best work (as my father took every opportunity to remind me). But to 9-year-old me, Gale was pretty damn close. So one day at lunch, I walked up to his empty table and talked to him about it; about where he learned to play and who he listened to and whether or not he wanted to do this music thing forever. I had never been more eloquent than in those conversations between the two of us, talking about the one thing we understood better than all else. We'd been sitting together ever since. Jo and Madge came along in junior high, when we were forced to chose a musical specialty. I had wanted to just do concert choir, because singing had always been my passion, but my dad convinced me to join Jazz band instead. He said "Nobody has to teach you how to sing, little bird. You already got that. What you feel in here," he pointed to my heart, "has to be reflected right here," he pointed to a piece of sheet music, "And playing an instrument can teach you to do that." We picked up a used electric-acoustic guitar the very next day. Madge was the reluctant but brilliant pianist, turned keyboardist and Jo took an immediate liking to the bass. Thus Victor's Suicide was born. I mean, we didn't start off as Victor's Suicide. We started off as Transatlanticism, after Madge's favorite Death Cab album (which didn't stick because she was the only one who could spell it and Gale couldn't even say it); then we became Public Radio (which made no sense because none of us listened to NPR and our music would never make it on their air waves), then we were Funnel Cakes & Big Mistakes, Angst Pancakes (we had a foodie phase), Amanda Huginkiss, Inglewood Shakeup, The United States of Slaymerica, Seal of Disapproval, FACE (don't even ask), and last month we settled on VS. Couldn't tell you where it came from, but like most of our names thus far, it didn't need to make sense for us to agree on it. We've been playing gigs for three years, only in the last one did it become more serious, though. We were getting booked in decent venues, making a little money on the side. Something Gale and I, above and against all else, really needed to do. Madge slides off of the roof; her billowy floral kimono and maxi dress fluttering around her as those bare feet hit my driveway. She casually strolls towards Gale and Jo. "Katniss, the Earth says we must give thanks for her gifts. Not waste them in our pools of self doubt." Jo rolls her eyes and steps in front of Madge. "What Woodstock Barbie here is trying to say is stop crying and get your ass to the city by 5:30, okay?" The reality is, I have to get out of this room. My mom is always saying that I need to redecorate. And for the first time in years, I actually agree with her. The vintage band posters, thrifted hair band tour tees and old photos of Cato and I that are currently tacked to every spare inch of wall and ceiling space reeked of a life I retired from ages ago. At least, it seems like ages ago. I look down at my phone one more time before shoving it into the back pocket of my jeans. Why the hell not? "Okay," I sigh and start to push my window back down, "but I'm driving my own car." I've always hated this school. Between it's horrible uniforms and pretentious people, I've been counting down the moments until we graduate since I was in the 6th grade. St. Anthony's Preparatory prides itself on being the answer to Englewood's upper class, the sons of the rich and the reprehensible. And as we near closer to prom time -the theoretical rite of passage that we share with our female counterpart, Our Mother of Holiness- the more palpable the excitement becomes. And since I go to a school full of dudes, the testosterone is manifesting itself in some pretty gross ways lately. Jude Harrison has been taking his shirt off for no reason and doing sets of pushups in the hallways. Marvel Hodges, our class president, has been forcing pep sessions on the student body for weeks. And the worst of all, my unspoken but sworn enemy, Cato Bishop has been bragging about this girl in Hoboken that he hit and quit so he didn't have to bring to the dance. It's bad enough that he is the hulking example of everything wrong with Prep School (and humanity, honestly), but to add insult to injury, his girl has the best taste in music I've ever scene. She's such a class act. She's been making him these great mixes since they broke up (or since he dumped her but hasn't had the decency to let her know), that he just casually leaves laying around school: on his desk after classes, in front of the senior lockers, that sort of thing. Me, being the humanitarian I am, started picking them up in an effort to save her reputation (but also to keep Cato from looking like the Big Man who screwed over this chick, thus adding to his endless list of popular guy credentials). I made the mistake of listening to one though, and haven't been able to stop. It's been two months. The volume on my headphones is turned all the way up this afternoon, playing one of mystery-girl's mixes, to drown out the remnants of pep session band noise drifting from the gym. We're technically dismissed for the afternoon, though, so the hallways are starting to fill up. A couple of guys I know from the wrestling team stop by my locker for a quick fist bump on their way out to the parking lot; Andy Garrison and Kevin Collins are shoving each other into walls, and my best friend is lifting me off the ground and shouting something into my face before I can process what is actually going on. I saw his blur of copper hair and smelled his Drakkar Noir before I even recognized that it was him. Finnick Odair is nothing if not grandiose, though. I pull the headphones out of my ears as he sets me back