Author's Note: (in homage to Crimson Starlight) Well, we'll see where this goes. I used to have an account but it got deleted somehow, soooo I'm starting over. This idea has been waving itself in my face forever. But this one (points to Glorfindel) finally sat my ass down at the computer and forced me to write it. Glorfindel: (smug smile) It's true. I did this over a weekend instead of study for a history final. So, my apologies if this really sucks... Glorfindel: ...and it does. Hey, I tried! Besides, you're lucky I even wrote about you in a story that didn't have you poncing around with Erestor or Haldir. Glorfindel: (look of discontent) Heh, that's what I thought. So, disclaimer. I'm not making any money off of this. The title I took form Yann Tiersen and the characters I took from Tolkien, except for Jane. Glorfindel: Yeah, and what's with her name, anyway? Plain Jane ?? This blows. SHUT UP, I LOVE THAT NAME! It's simple and easy. Suck it. Glorfindel: Whatever... While I go to discipline an elf (not like that, you dirty girl!), enjoy the fic! Review, please. Flames will be used to burn Glorfindel's hair, so bring 'em in! Glorfindel: Nooooooooo! --------------- Glorfindel had entered Elrond's study with great trepidation. Today had been one of the strangest the Balrog Slayer had seen in millennia. And as he approached the Lord of Rivendell, he saw the reason for all of his worry and anxiety over the past twelve hours. A human girl, no more than nineteen was sitting in a chair. She was greatly altered in appearance since the last time he had seen her; the strange, wet garments she had been wearing when he found her at the bank of River Brunien were now gone and she was wearing a traditional elleth gown, though she looked very uncomfortable in it. The girl who introduced herself as "Jane" was also entertaining herself with a goblet of wine and a plate of food: fruit, bread, vegetables, and meat, an uncommon fare for Elves, but very customary amongst the race of Men. But the girl's demeanor had certainly changed. Instead of the terrifyingly silent and detached girl who clung to his robes from hours ago, Jane was now alert, vibrant, and despite her manner of distaste for her clothing, she seemed relatively content. When she saw Glorfindel approach, she smiled in her rescuer's direction. He returned it with a polite nod before addressing the somber elf next to her. "You wished to speak with me, my lord?" "Yes, Glorfindel," Elrond Half-Elven began, rising from his chair to offer his advisor his own goblet of wine. "Please sit, we have much to discuss." The faithful servant obeyed and turned to the black-haired girl. "Are you well, lady?" Jane finished swallowing the last of her wine and smiled. " Much better, thanks," she replied animatedly. "Everyone here has been so lovely. I met Lord Elrond's children when I was going to the seamstress." Glorfindel hoped that the twins had not made a bad impression. While Elrond's youngest, Arwen, was polite and loved by all, her elder brothers, Elladen and Elrohir, were the proverbial pain in his side since they became adolescents. He and Erestor often fell to watching over the Terrible Two, but it was becoming a full-time job, for as they grew older, they grew wiser and more cunning, more able to avoid the two Elf lords' hawk-like gaze. "I am glad to hear you are enjoying yourself," he said, making a mental note to warn the twins of any meddling in the young girl's life. "But we have more pressing matters to discuss, my friend," Elrond interjected in a more serious tone. Jane and Glorfindel looked to him, pleasantries at an end. Elrond continued, "It appears that from what Lady Jane has told me, she does not know how she came to be here. She has never ventured near Rivendell; in fact, she has no knowledge of it or even Middle Earth. She is from a land called... what was it, my lady?" "Vermont," she smiled proudly. "Yes, Vermont," Elrond continued, the name sounding foreign on his tongue, "and does not remember how she arrived in Imladris. But some of the things she explained to me were beyond my knowledge. Perhaps you can offer your wisdom to help her." Glorfindel nodded. "I will do my best," he promised, turning to Jane, who was now tugging on the sleeves of her gown, obviously feeling uneasy again. She bit her lip as she looked up at Glorfindel. Elrond stood up from his chair. "I will take my leave, so that you can have privacy. My lady," he turned to Jane, "I promise to you, we will do everything we can to help you." She smiled. "Thank you, Lord Elrond." He and Glorfindel merely bowed slightly in parting. When the door closed, Jane sighed heavily and put her hands in her head. Glorfindel immediately turned to her. "Are you troubled?" Jane was more relieved to be away from Elrond, from everyone else. The past day had been the longest of her life. The last thing she remembered was being at an apartment party in Harvard Yard with her best friend and the next thing she knew, she was sopping wet, being yanked onto a horse by some blonde man who turned out to be an Elf , and now found herself in a world she had always known to be completely and utterly fictional. That was more than one person could handle. And it wasn't that she had been treated badly, quite the contrary. She really enjoyed Elladan and Elrohir; they seemed to be easy to get along with and fun, a nice change of pace from their austere and somber father and his stiff advisor, Erestor. Jane even liked Arwen for as little as she spoke. But being around Glorfindel, Jane just felt at ease, relaxed. Maybe because he was the one who found her, calmed her down, wrapped her in his cloak, and brought her back to Imladris that she found herself drawn to him. But hearing Elrond's footsteps fading into the distance, leaving her alone with the Elf Lord was enough relief for Jane to break the slightly uncomfortable and reserved posture she had kept with since she entered the study. "I'm fine," she murmured, pouring herself more wine, "just overwhelmed." "Yes," Glorfindel replied in his serene baritone. "If you would prefer to speak to me when you are more accustomed to your surroundings, I would understand." Jane shook her head. "No, we can talk now. Just... can we go outside?" she asked, sounding a little self-conscious. "I've been so cooped up all day. I need somewhere to stretch my legs." "If that is easier for you, of course," Glorfindel consented. "Great." They both stood, Glorfindel yielding his arm to Jane, which she accepted. They left Elrond's study, going down the elaborate staircase that was slightly attached to the tree. Jane was still in awe of the architecture of Rivendell, as an Art History major. There was hardly anything like it, she was sure, back home "on Earth." She breathed in the cool fall night air and felt slightly more calm as she and Glorfindel walked through the forest that was his home. Growing up in a small town in Vermont, she had always been a person who loved the outdoors and even after moving to Boston for college, she would drive outside of the city, into the more rural areas to take in the more rustic landscape. "Jane is a very unusual name," Glorfindel commented. "I have never heard of it in all my travels." She laughed. "It's the most average name. There's even a kind of nickname for it, 'Plain Jane.' But my full name is Elizabeth Jane Grey. I just like Jane better." "Why?" "I dunno," she shrugged. "I guess I like J's." Glorfindel smiled in reply. They continued to stroll through the After walking in silence for a few minutes, Jane sighed. "It's beautiful here." Glorfindel nodded and smiled. "All think the same when they first set eyes on Imladris. To be sure, it is one of the most magnificent places in Middle Earth. But I believe every realm has its charm." "Do you like it here best?" she asked, looking at his pale face, shining in the moonlight. "No," he replied. "Middle Earth is not my home, despite its beauty. My people were born in Valinor. Many who came here are leaving to go back; soon the Elvish race will be nothing but a memory." Jane remembered that from watching the Peter Jackson movies. She had been wondering all that time if she should mention Frodo or the Fellowship or even the Ring; she was worried that the Elves would think she was some kind of enemy. So she decided she should find out as much as she could about vague things to discover her place in time. She had been told the year, which was beyond useless as she had no concept of time from watching the movies. If only Veronica were here, she had thought sadly. She knows everything about Middle Earth. "Have any mortals gone there? To Valinor, I mean." Frodo went there, didn't he? she tried to recall. "Not ever," Glorfindel said. "Our home is the Undying Lands. No mortals have ever set foot there." Well, that means it's before the Frodo stuff. But that doesn't really help me, does it? Fuck! "It's probably more beautiful there," she said lamely, trying to find a way to discover more. "It is," Glorfindel said, but sensing a new anxiety in Jane. "Shall we stop here?" He gestured to a stone bench in a small clearing, where a small meadow of wild flowers rested. Jane nodded. She could figure out her whereabouts later. They sat in silence, Jane unsure of how to begin her story, Glorfindel worried about upsetting the girl. "You are not from this world, are you, Lady Jane?" Glorfindel asked as he stared into her eyes, sparkling in the moonlight. Jane only shook her head. "Not at all. To be completely honest, I've heard of Middle Earth," she admitted. "But it's a fictional place. From tales and books." She dared not elaborate more, for fear that she would reveal something in the future that she was already aware of. "What do you know of this place?" She shrugged. "Not very much," she lied. "I'd heard of Rivendell and the Elves. And I only can remember one story about Beren and Luthien Tinuviel fairly well." Glorfindel nodded. It is hardly any wonder that such a tale of star-crossed lovers would reach her world. And the Lady of Light is perhaps the most well known Elleth, it is no surprise that word of her beauty and kindness reached the ears of mortals a world away. They sat in silence for a while longer, Jane worried that the golden-haired lord didn't believe her completely. She changed the subject. "So, I'm just supposed to tell you how I got here?" "If that is all you wish to tell me. What can you recall of your home before you arrived?" "Lots. But I can just tell you about the last thing I remember? I can't really go through my life's story or anything. Nineteen years is a lot for me." Glorfindel smiled. "Whatever you feel is important." "Well, here's the thing," she said, a blush rising into her cheeks. "I don't remember that much from my last night there. I was... er, well... do you know what happens to humans when we drink too much wine or mead or..." she trailed off, embarrassment getting the better of her. She smiled sheepishly, waiting for a response. Glorfindel smiled encouragingly. "Yes, I have heard of those effects on your race. The results are most humorous." Jane looked relieved and laughed. "Yeah, it's pretty funny. Anyways, I