Hey Everyone! My best friend and I decided to write a story together. We have different writing styles and views in this story so please go check out her version. Her name is Scarterror The Fallen. But back to my version... This is my first Harry Potter story so please be gentle. I hope you guys enjoy... Chapter 1: Friendship at first sight I sit at the kitchen table and stare at my mother. She is busy making us pancakes for breakfast. I tuck my feet under me and lean on the table with my elbows. "So Mother," I begin. She turns her head slightly in my direction and hums. "I got a letter in the mail yesterday, saying that I have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Care to explain?" I ask her and rest my chin on my hand. She turns around with a big smile on her face. "You got what? Oh Sweetheart it's probably just a prank," She says. I squint at her. "Through a letter? I don't think so Mother . A phone call I could believe to be a prank but a letter ? And if it is a prank then it is a very elaborate prank. I mean it lists all the things that I am going to need for the year, like books and clothes and a wand and a cauldron . Please tell me again how this is a prank," I say and get up from the chair, waving the letter around. My mother frowns and holds out her hand for the letter. "Let me see that. I still think it's a prank but you're right, it's a very elaborate one. 'Dear Miss Chapman…'" she trails off as she starts to read the letter. She takes my seat at the table while I continue making the pancakes. After a while she sets the letter on the table. My mother get up and sticks her head out of the kitchen and yells for my father, "Honey! Can you come down here for a minute?" Through the thin ceiling and the fact that our house is just plain small, I can hear my father stumble over something in his study. I giggle and take the pancakes off the stove. I hear his light footsteps on the stairs and then my father is standing behind me. I elbow him as he tries to sneak an arm past me to get to the pancakes. "Not yet, Father of mine," I say and shoo him away. He pouts at me, but takes a seat at the table. I pour more pancake batter in the pan and turn to look at my parents. "Honey, look at this letter," my mother hands my father the letter. "Someone send this to our daughter. I don't know what this person is getting out of sending things like this to a child, but it is disturbing. Do you think we should go to the police?" she asks him. My eyes bulge. What? Why does she want to go to the police? Isn't that taking things a bit far? "Sweet Cake I don't think that is necessary. Besides we don't know who send this letter so going to the police is taking it a bit too far," my father says and studies the letter. People always said that I and my father were a lot alike; I never saw it, until now. I nod my head at him. That's right Father, tell her there is no need to involve the police. If it ever got out that we went to the police with a letter like this I would be the laughing stock of the year at school. I might not have any friends and I might not care what the other kids think of me, but I do care about not getting laughed at. It is just to humiliating. I smell something off. What is that smell? Is that the smell of something burning? Oh Bullocks the pancakes! I quickly turn around and flip the pancakes. It's a bit burned on the one side now but with enough syrup I won't even taste it. "Are we sure this is not a prank?" my father asks. I shake my head. Do these people know nothing of pranks? "No Father, it is not a prank. A prank would be calling me or just sending me a plain letter, but this letter includes lists of everything that I will need. And yes , Mother already said that it could be a very elaborate prank and I will admit that that is a possibility, but it just seems too weird. Except if it is you and Mother that is behind the whole thing," I say and cock my head to the side, a small smile playing at my lips. My father laughs and puts the letter down. "Oh Little Bug, I am flattered that you think your mother and I could come up with something like this, but it was not us. I promise you," he says. I frown. It has to be them. The alternative is too scary to think about. "Oh come on Father, stop joking around. I don't know anyone else that would do something like this, so it has to be you," I say and flip the pancakes again. Luckily this side of the pancakes is nice and golden brown. "Samanwhyne we are telling you the truth. We did not do this," my mother says. I turn around and stare at her. So this was either a very elaborate prank or… nope, there is no such thing as witches and wizards. Silly me, for even thinking it. I plate up the pancakes for all of us and put the plates in front of my parents. "Well then, it must have been a very elaborate prank then. I will throw the letter away and we can all sit down to a nice breakfast," I say and grab the letter. Just as I am about to throw the letter away, there is a knock on the door. I look at my parents. "Who could possibly want to see us this early in the morning?" my mother asks as she gets up to go answer the door. "If it is Mrs Brown, I am not here," my father whispers. He takes his plate and runs out the back door. I snigger. He must have done something to her cat again. "Oh my Lord! You are a big fellow," I hear my mother's voice coming from the front of the house. A big fellow? I run to the front door with the letter still in my hand. Upon seeing the man standing on our porch, I stop dead in my tracks. Holy mother of all things Holy. Mother was right, he is a big fellow. "Good Mornin' folks. My name is Rubeus Hagrid. I am sorry to bother yeh this early in the mornin' but I was sent to make sure that Miss Chapman got her acceptance letter. Oh would yeh look at that, she did. All righty then, I shall pick yeh all up to go shopping for her school supplies in an hour. Then we can all have a nice chat about Miss Chapman's magic and Hogwarts. I will also answer any questions yeh may have. Until later then," Mr Hagrid says. He takes one step of our porch and gets on a motorcycle. How is that thing supporting his weight? I look at my mother. "Care to explain?" I ask her. My mother shakes her head. An hour later and I have eaten, showered, got dressed, brushed my teeth and drunk a cup of tea to calm my nerves. My mother and father are arguing about Mr Hagrid. Mother wants to call the cops and have him arrested and Father wants to give him a change to explain himself. Me? I just want to see this whole thing unravel. I hear a knock on the door and get up to go answer it. Mother and Father is too busy fighting to notice me leaving the room. I open the door and look up… and up… and up. Holy Mother, he is truly a big man. "Mr Hagrid, nice to see you again," I say and step aside letting him come in. he has to bow his head and turn sideways to get through the door. "Oh Miss chapman, no need to be so formal. Yeh can just call me Hagrid. Are yeh and yer folks ready to go?" he asks. I shake my head and my parents come into the entryway. "Mother wants to have you arrested," I say and give a half smirk. My mother snakes an arm around my waist, claps her hand over my mouth, pulls me into her chest and smiles at Hagrid. I struggle to get free. What the hell woman? I am just telling the truth! You are the one that has been arguing with Father about this for nearly an hour! I lick her hand as much as I can before she lets me go with a disgusted look on her face. I run over to Hagrid and grab his leg. "So Hagrid, where are we going to shopping for all of my school supplies?" I ask. Hagrid looks down at me with a kind smile and pats my head. "In Diagon Alley, Miss Chapman. It a busy shopping street completely unseen by Muggles, in London," he says and takes out a leather pouch. Muggles? I look at him strangely. "What are muggles and why can't they see it?" I ask him and cock my head to the left. "Muggles are what we wizards and witches call yer parents. They are people without magic. Do yeh folks have a fireplace?" he asks and looks into our living room. "Ah there yeh go. I thought I saw a chimney outside. All righty then, yeh folks ready to go?" he asks and looks at us. I follow him into the living room. "Hagrid why do you need the fireplace?" I ask. He opens the leather pouch in his hand and offers it to me. "We are going to be traveling to Diagon Alley with Floo powder. Yeh folks live quite a way aways from London, so I thought I would make it easier on all of us. Take a handful Miss Chapman, then step into the fireplace and yell clearly 'Diagon Alley'. Then throw the powder at yer feet. Do yeh understand? Yer mother will go after yeh and then yer father and then I shall follow yeh and we can go to Gringotts Wizarding Bank to get yeh money," he says and pushes me toward the fireplace. Everything this man says is confusing, and he thinks that we are going to travel to London using powder. I can't wait for this to blow up in his face. I snigger and step into the fireplace. "Samanwhyne get out of that fireplace right now. This man is clearly delusional and you will not feed into his fantasies," my mother says and points to the floor in front of her. I give her a half smirk. "DIAGON ALLEY!" I yell and throw the powder to my feet. A wall of green fire descends on me. I yell and throw my hands out to protect myself. A cold breeze lifts my hair from the back of my neck. Oh that feels good. Wait, a cold breeze? I open my eyes and look around me. I am standing in a fireplace in what looks like a library. A bunch of people are walking past me and smiling at me. What are they wearing? I step out of the fireplace. "Hallo, young girl, can I help you" a friendly voice asks beside me. I jump to my right. "Uhm where am I?" I ask the woman that talked to me. "Oh you are in Flourish and Blotts. I am