~Frozen Soul~ Have you ever felt fear before? Has your heart ever pounded so hard in your chest you thought it would burst? Have you palms ever been so drenched in sweat you feared it would never wash off? Percy had. He had felt fear for as long as he could remember be it from Gabe, Monsters or even bullies at his school. Percy had wandered the endless lengths of Tartarus, fought creatures as old as the world itself and still lived to tell the tale. But now he feared he would never walk free again; feared he'd never hear the musical laugh of those he loved. After all the demons that hunted him now couldn't be killed, he couldn't cut them down with steel, gold or bronze – Percy couldn't fight something he couldn't see. How could Percy fight his demons if he created them in the first place? How could he win a fight against his own thoughts; his own fears, loves and desires? He couldn't. So he had to submit to them, become one with his own darkness. ...Flashback... They had won. Percy still couldn't believe it; he probably wouldn't ever be able to believe it. How could they, mere demigods, have won against an immortal older than time himself? Yet here they all were even Leo, who had dramatically re-entered the world of the living a few hours ago on a golden dragon with a young girl by the name of Calypso. They had all been summoned to Olympus to 'discuss their great victory' but the idea that Zeus even wanted silly mortals in his throne room instantly had Percy expecting the worst. "Heroes of Olympus you have all done a great deed for us and we are grateful," The King of the gods began his unnecessarily loud voice echoing around the room the God, as usual, sounded annoyingly confident, causing Percy to narrow his eyes at him – there was something about the set of his face Percy didn't like, the smug smile and the glint in his eyes made him uncomfortable. In an act to reassure himself Percy let his right hand stray to his pocket were his loyal sword rested, waiting. "You showed great power and skill during our battle against Gaea," Zeus continued and Percy had to bite down on his lip hard to stop himself from laughing at the pained expression on the God's face. "Your help will be remembered and you shall be rewarded in time but for now we have something else to discuss." Percy huffed under his breath- 'in time they'll be rewarded' yeah right. The gods only ever gave out rewards when it would help them in the long term – they offered Percy Godhood so that they could control him, made Annabeth's dream come true; gave her the job of designing Olympus, so that they didn't have to do it. Blinking, Percy realised that Zeus had continued talking whilst Percy had been thinking. "… too powerful and as a result-" Zeus was saying and Percy tried to remember what the conversation was about before his mind had wandered. "What do you mean 'too powerful'" Jason interrupted, causing everyone – including the Gods – to stare at the son of Jupiter, not that Jason looked even fazed by the number of eyes on him, he merely straightened his back and stared back at his father. "How could we possible be 'too powerful'?" Percy frowned at that, Zeus thought a bunch of teenagers were 'too powerful' what a bunch of rubbish. If anything the god should be worried about whatever life changing prophecy was going to come next. From Percy's limited knowledge it could be assumed that there is always, if not most of the time, a prophecy going around. "Together you managed to pull of impossible-" Zeus pressed on in that same cocky tone he'd used earlier. "Improbable." Athena corrected, causing Leo to snicker at the stricken look on the King of the Gods' face, Leo soon shut up after multiple death glares were thrown his way. "Together you managed to pull of an improbable mission, saving the world from the rule of Gaea and the destruction she would have, no doubt, unleashed upon the world." Zeus drawled letting his gaze fall over each of the Demigods, lingering on Jason for a few seconds, when Zeus' gave fell on him Percy jutted his chin out and glared at the God, the action was a little bit childish but it made Percy feel a little better and, more importantly, he hoped the god could see the words hidden in Percy's sea-green eyes – I won't go down without a fight. "We have decided-" Zeus declared, before Poseidon interrupted him. "You have decided, brother; the rest of us haven't heard of and decision until today." Something about the anger in his dad's voice made Percy assume the worst and he pulled Riptide out of his pocket and whirled it around his fingers, he didn't doubt the God's noticed the action but they should know that despite the fact the Demigods were impossibly powerless against the Olympians Percy and his friends could still fight. "What?" Percy growled, tired of the hurricane of questions in his brain, "What did you 'decide'?" Annabeth gave him a sharp glare but Percy was too tired to care- he'd been up since dawn rebuilding the camp after the miniature battle that took place when Gaea attacked he hadn't had any breaks and all he really wanted was some blue cookies and his bed. "You forget your place, boy." Zeus snapped, eyes flashing like lightning, and Percy suddenly understood where Thalia got her temper from. "And you forget yours, in case you forgot we saved you. You are in our debt not the other way around." Percy barely registered that he'd taken a step forward until Frank put a hand on his shoulder and shook his head; Percy sighed but didn't move again. "If it wasn't for us you wouldn't have had the power to save us in the first place." Zeus snapped, the room began to smell faintly of ozone but Percy didn't care, he'd had enough of respecting and fearing the Gods, he'd had enough of saving their godly behinds only to have the gods make the same mistake again. "If it wasn't for you we wouldn't have had to save you to begin with. If it wasn't for you ignoring the fact Kronos was rising he could have been stopped before the war had even begun. If it wasn't for the fact you sulked your way through the first half of the war with Gaea maybe we wouldn't have had to almost die every day for a month to win a war we were doomed to lose." Percy had gone too far; had said too much. He was sure of it when Zeus' eyes took on a wicked gleam and Percy and his friends were suddenly enveloped in a bright light, the last thing Percy saw was Zeus' smirk before the world turned on its side and faded away. Percy woke up in his cabin and immediately pulled Riptide out of his pocket and crouch on his bed, ready to fight. What he didn't expect was for a wave of dizziness to hit him and he fell right off his bed and landed on the unforgiving wooden floor with an oof . It took him approximately two minutes to untangle himself from his duvet, a fact he had no intention of sharing with anyone ever. When he did manage to get to his feet he immediately fell to his knees, his head in his hands trying to keep the contents of his stomach down to no success – three seconds later he had his head in the toilet and was retching. His vomit sent a disgusting smell through the cabin and Percy was suddenly immensely grateful that he was alone-he didn't want anyone else to see him like this. Once his body was happy that his stomach was empty Percy slumped against the wall behind him and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, it wasn't the sanitary option but Percy wanted the vomit gone as soon as possible. When he pulled his hand away and looked at it he was almost sick again. Red liquid covered his hand – he was vomiting blood. "Gross" he muttered to himself, a huge draw back to having his own cabin was that he often thought out loud, which caused an awful lot of embarrassing conversations over the years – mostly when someone came into his cabin to make him jump or prank him he'd be standing with his back to them talking to himself. "Blood, that's totally normal, ok yep totally one-hundred percent normal." ." Percy groaned, head spinning and stomach churning again. Percy buried his head in his knees and drew in deep breaths, just like Chiron had taught him after he had his first relapse due to spending endless hours in Greek Hell. In, out. In, out. Percy breathed his breaths painfully loud in the silent cabin. For a few minutes Percy sat there looking completely and utterly calm, a complete illusion to his internal storm, but after a while he calmed his thoughts until mere ripples against his usual calm personality. A thought suddenly occurred to him and his head snapped up and he glanced at the toilet opposite him, eyebrows raised. Usually when he panicked the pipes in his bathroom would burst, but now they seemed complete normal. Frowning, Percy tried to focus on the water humming silently in the pipes. Nothing. Huh. Percy blinked slowly and clambered to his feet and walked over the sink, which sat next to the toilet in his blue tiled bathroom. He twisted the tap and water trickled free, so the plumbing wasn't broken, then why…. His mind stuttered to a stop and his mind flashed back to Olympus, 'you're too powerful' Zeus had told them, did he? No surely not. Percy looked up into the mirror above the sink and gasped at what he saw – his eyes once a beautiful (others word not his) sea-green colour were now a milky blue, almost colourless, further confirming his theory. "No, he couldn't have. Oh gods no," he whispered eyes stinging, suddenly an arch of white hot anger shot through him and he raised his fist and smashed it into the face looking at him with those horrible eyes. The glass smashed and some shards rained down into the sink, like innocent snow-flakes. Determined to still prove his theory wrong, Percy ran out of his bedroom to his bedside table where an empty glass sat, gleaming in the early morning light. He then charged back into the bathroom and filled it with water. Sitting on the toilet, with the lid down, for a moment he sat there until he pivoted in his seat and flushed the toilet. Looking down into the glass of water in his hand, Percy narrowed his eyes and used all his powers of concentration on the water sitting devastatingly still in the glass. "Come on, please." Nothing, "Move, gods-damned it." Percy sat there for what could have been decades for all he knew. Eventually he gave up, his anger rose to dangerous heights again ad without his powers to release it on Percy curled his hands around the glass so hard it smashed. Percy cursed and opened his hands, only for a criss-cross of angry, red gashes to stare back at him. "Percy?" Jason called from the main room in his cabin, how had he not heard him enter? Percy dismissed the thought and got to his feet trying to get his hands into a position that wouldn't let the son of Jupiter would see the cuts , and wasn't painful because holy-Hera his hands hurt, he went with crossing his hands over his chest, and then he walked out