(I don't own Twilight) FULL SUMMERY-The Volturi find Bella in Florence Italy, bat shit crazy and completely out of her mind. She is brazen and very out spoken. she doesn't take shit from no one. Read to find out what happens when Bella joins the guard and turns The ruling coven inside out with her brand of insanity. Enjoy! ~Demetri~ Chapter 1 Oh god in heaven, I need to get the hell out of this castle. I haven't had an exciting mission in weeks, and I have never had a vacation. I wonder if Aro will allow me to take a trip to America just to get away and relax for once? I have always loved it there for some strange reason. The daily life in Voltura is starting to drive me mad, and if I have to hear Jane and Felix go at each others throats before she drops him like the giant sack of shit that he is, again…I just might kill them both, myself. Consequences be damned. All things considering, my life here in Voltura has its moments but those two seriously need to admit defeat and accept their mating bond already. I'd like to see how Aro takes that news. He has been against it from the start, but he also knows that it's inevitable, and eventually they will break and give in. It's not like a vampire can chose their mate but those two stubborn vamps are in extreme denial…And so is Aro. It's freaking hilarious if you ask me and Alec. "I told you to stop Felix!" Speak of the two love birds and they shall…start fighting…again. "And I told you that I will stop if you would just…" "I know what you said, but I said no damn it!" Damn, Jane is bitchier than usual. Poor big jackass can't catch a break. "Bitch!" "Fuck you Felix!" Alec and I both turn at the same time to laugh quietly just as they walk into the throne room, but judging from the pain I'm now experiencing and from the sounds of Alec's pleas for Jane to stop torturing us, I'd say that we weren't quiet enough. "Jane." The moment I hear Aro's voice the pain is gone and I'm past ready to kill the evil troll. "Please stop torturing your brother and Demetri." Aro turns to me and waves me forward. "Demetri, I need you to take your team to Florence and retrieve a human woman. You need to track Marco Palora and you will find the human, he is waiting for you. I need you to bring her back to the castle alive…and unharmed. Oh and leave your robes and go as you are." "Yes master Aro." I bow my head to him before making my way out of the room with Jane, Alec, and Felix following. "I wonder what this human did to get Aro's attention?" Alec muses out loud as we begin to run out of the back entrance, and into the night. "I don't know, but we'll soon find out." I tell him as the four of us begin to run through the forest towards Florence. To complete another boring mission. Is it too much to ask for another newborn army to eradicate? It only takes us twenty minutes to get to Florence on foot, and only two minutes to track down Marco. When I know that I'm close to him, the four of us enter a nightclub. I look to where I can feel his presence only to see that he is leaning against the bar of the very loud and very packed club, while drinking a glass of whiskey. "Marco." I nod to the idiot. "Demetri." He rolls his eyes then points to a tiny brunette behind the bar. "She knew what I was the moment I walked in." "How do you know this?" I ask him quietly. "She started muttering shit about stupid fucking vampires, repeatedly. Then she said bite me blood sucker, before pouring me a glass of whiskey." Marco laughs as he stands and walk over to my team. "Good luck." I nod and turn back to my team. "Stay put, I don't want to have to deal with a crazy hysterical human if I don't have to." I turn back to the woman just as she moves around the bar, serving the drunk tourist. I watch the woman for a few seconds as she works, and I must admit; she is exquisite. Her beauty is simply unmatched by any other. Her body is perfect in her tight black jeans and even tighter blood red corset top. And that cleavage…Damn. I take a deep breath as I lean against the bar directly in front of her. "What can I get you, doll?" The woman yells out over the loud music in a beautiful American accent before even looking up at me. Oh shit, she's American too. God I love American women… "What I need, is for you to come with me quietly, doll." I tell her causing her to finally look up at me. "Please." The woman tilts her head to the side then looks down at the Volturi insignia that's hanging around my neck, then looks back into my eyes before she begins to laugh, really hard. She clutches her stomach and doubles over as her laughter grows. I just stand there like a freaking idiot, waiting for the woman to calm down. "Oh my god, I can't breath! Pete, where the fuck are you and Char? Assholes." The woman tosses her head back and sighs loudly then looks back at me with a crazy grin. "Fucking vampires." She mumbles to herself then turns to a guy wearing, in my opinion, way too much leather. "I quit, jackass!" She yells at the guy then turns back to me. "Lets go, fucker." She licks her top lip before she jumps her tiny ass on the bar, spins around to face me once again then jumps down and strolls right towards the door. Before she leaves though, a drunk man grabs her ass causing me to growl for some damn reason. I really don't like seeing that fucker touch the beautiful goddess. Before I can even make a move toward her, the woman grabs the guys hand and twists it behind his back before roughly turning him so that his side is to her front. "That wasn't very nice, asshole!" She laughs at the guy before gritting her teeth and applying more pressure to the mans now broken wrists, causing the him to bend over at the waist and cry out in pain. The woman turns to me and winks before lifting her knee into the guys face hard, then she shoves him to the floor. The woman lets out a childish giggle as she skips out of the bar, leaving my team stunned and Marco doubled over laughing. "Feisty isn't she? Have fun!" Marco grins then scurries off. I hate my job… I turn to my gaping team and motion for them to follow me out of the bar. Once we're out in the night air I try to track the woman but for some strange reason I can't trace her and I couldn't get a lock on her scent or her aurora in the crowded club either. I don't know what she smells like being that all I could smell inside the club was alcohol and sweat. What the hell? "Took you fuckers long enough." I jump and turn to my right only to see the woman grinning at me with a lit cigarette between her plump lips. "Holy shit!" Felix laughs loudly. "This human just made Demetri jump. You can't track her can you?" I ignore the big idiot as I stare down at the strange woman. Before I can gather my thoughts, the woman flicks her cigarette at me and hits my chest, causing me to growl and Felix to laugh harder. "Where are we going?" She sighs as she drop her phone to the ground and crushes it with her foot, then turns to Jane. "Please stop trying to use your gift on me. It is very rude, not to mention it's very weird to tickle someone that you don't know. I'm Isabella Swan, you must be Jane." The woman winks at Jane. "Now that we know each other, knock yourself out kiddo…" She chuckle then turns back to me. "Lets go, tall dark and sexy. Take me to your castle." She motions for me to pick her up and I just continue to stare down at the crazy donna. Mine and Jane's power doesn't work on her? Again, what the hell? "Come on now, don't be shy big guy. Lets go see your masters." I purse my lips and growl as I scoop her up into my arms. "Don't act like you don't like my soft and warm little body pressed against your cold, hard chest." Now that little seductive tone was hot as hell. This woman could prove to be a lot of fun. "Well, at least she's not hysterical." Felix laughs, and I continue to ignore him. Even though the woman is completely certifiable, I do find that I'm rather drawn to her and now that I am this close to her, I can smell her fragrance. She smells divine and it's like nothing that I have ever smelt before. I can't describe it. Its just pure…Beautiful. I feel the strongest urge to find out everything I can about her. I want to know everything. As I take off into the night, I grip her gorgeous body closer to me so that I don't drop her. "How do you know about us, Isabella?" I grin down at her as she lifts her hand up to feel the warm summer breeze. My eyes catch sight of a silvery, crescent scar on her wrist. Is that a vampire bite? How is she still alive, and human? "How?" I gently grasp her hand and bring her wrist to my nose then run my fingers across the raised scar. "You are not the first monsters that I have ever met." She sings and lightly slaps my cheek. Surprising the shit out of me, again. "Now, now. What did I say about tickling strangers?" God this woman is insane. "I'm Demetri Patera. Volturi guard, and I'm sorry for tickling you, Ms. Swan. I was just trying to get a read on who bit you, but I'm confuse because I sense two vampires from this bite and I can smell the venom still lingering in that one area. Yet, you're still human and alive. How is that possible?" "You're Greek aren't you? But your accent is not thick at all." Bella looks up at me. "Why does your accent sound like you're from America?" "Ms. Swan, answer my question." I roll my eyes at the strange human as she glares at me. "I am four hundred years old and found that I like for people to understand me when I speak to them. So I became fluent in a lot of different languages. My choice of speech and language is American English. Now answer my question, Isabella." "Good boy." Bella laughs dramatically as she tries to get more comfortable in my arms. I reach down with my right hand and grip her thigh, just below her tight little ass. Damn I want to touch her everywhere. "I was bitten a little over nine years ago by a crazy jackass tracker named James. I was only seventeen when all this happened. Then the stupid mind reading pussy that I was dumb enough to date. Well, that fucking idiot sucked the venom out so that he didn't have to deal with his little pet forever. He told me everything about vampires, and I do mean everything. And yes Demetri …" Fuck, I love the way she just said my name. "…He told me all about the Volturi.