" Best served cold" Okay, so this is my first Bella/Emmett story and I hope you can ship it… I don't own Twilight but all my mistakes are mine though. SUMMARY Bella is tired of being someone that she's not, and she is tired of the way that Edward treats her. She is also tired of seeing the one she wants married to another woman. Emmett and Rosalie's relationship has been pretty much over for decades now. All they do is fight and argue. Rose is always belittling Emmett. She treats him like he is beneath her; just like Edward treats Bella. Bella is a new born but Edward still thinks of her as fragile and breakable. She was turned before the wedding could take place; so her and Edward are not married and no Renesamee. ~Emmett~ (Revenge is a dish best served cold) "Edward, I don't need a damn babysitter while you all go hunting, and I don't want to go hunting either! I fed this morning. Remember Jasper took me?" I yell at the man that I once loved and would do anything for. Seriously, I thought once I was a vampire; he would stop treating me like a damn baby. But no, the asshole just got worse and I fell for someone else. Which was the best thing to ever happen to me. Hell, when Edward and I got back together I thought he would finally treat me like an equal but he remained the same old overbearing, jackass that he was before he left me. Even after the Volturi demanded my transformation Edward still wanted me to remain human. He even got his family to vote for me to stay mortal, well, all except Emmett, Jasper, and my favorite Pixie. On the day that Victoria marched her newborn army into forks to kill me, Edward ordered Emmett to take me up the mountain for my protection. That is when I realized that I was in love with Emmett as much as he was in love with me. To be honest, I wanted Emmett way before then. Hell, he told me that he has been in love with me since the moment that he saw me, but at the time he didn't understand what he was feeling for me and he didn't want to take his brothers "mate." The kisses that we shared that day were magical and I never wanted it to end. His lips were like fire and ice. His touch made my body ache for him. I just needed and wanted him more than anything. Seriously, that moment that Em and I shared is the one human memory that isn't fuzzy or unclear… ~Flashback~ " Love?" I hear the voice that greats on my sanity more than any other, but instead of lashing out and telling him that I seriously cannot stand him anymore. I just simply smile sweetly but its only for show, and then I look over at the bane of my existence, Edward Fucking Cullen. " Yes Edward?" God I want to puke. I want to scream that I don't love him anymore but for some reason I can't be away from the Cullen's; more specifically Emmett. I want him but he has Rose even though they aren't really together anymore, and I'm suppose to be in love with the hundred year old virgin. Alice told me the other day that soon I would be happier than I have ever been but she wouldn't give me any details. Damn evil pixie. " Is that plan alright with you?" Huh? What the hell is the fucker talking about now? My confusion must be clear on my face because he sighs and begins to explain. I notice Rosabitch rolling her eyes right before she starts to stare at Edward again. Those two really think that I have no clue that they are more than "brother and sister." I just wish I could find a way to tell Emmett that he can do so much better than that a lying, cheating bitch. "Bella!" " Sorry Edward." I sigh loudly. "It's been a really long day and I've got a lot on my mind." I roll my neck and then groan in satisfaction when I feel large cold hands on my neck an shoulders; massaging and rubbing my sore muscles. God I really want to laugh when I see Rosalie glare hard at me, and hear Edward growl at Emmett for touching me; and that action from Eddie boy causes Rose to turn her glare on him. " Bella, today Emmett is going to take you up the mountain to keep you safe while the rest of us take care of the new born army. You both are gonna stay over night." Edward growls then slaps Emmett's hands off my shoulders. Mother fucking asshole! "And Emmett, keep your hands off my mate." God in heaven I really want to laugh in the delusional shitheads face but I bite my tongue and nod my head before leaving them and heading into the kitchen to grab something to eat, then pack some food for tonight. As I'm packing up the food that I'll need for tonight it finally clicks in my head… Holy shit! Emmett is taking me up the mountain. I'll be alone with the man that I want more than anything. Jesus Christ I need to do some serious body maintenance, fucking now! I quickly grab my bag and run up to the room that Esme decorated for me. When I open the door my favorite Pixie is standing in my closet. "Took you long enough to let the information hit you and by the looks of you I'd say that it seriously bitch slapped you." The bitch whispers so that the others don't hear her, then she begins to laugh as she tosses me a skimpy panties and bra set. "Your welcome." I run over to her and wrap her in a tight hug. "I knew that you knew how I felt about him." I whisper in her ear. "Will he love me back?" For some reason I feel a little self conscience and feel the need for some reassurance. " You have no idea, and I wouldn't be encouraging you to do it if I didn't know that he feels the same for you." She smiles then pats my shoulder. "Now hurry, you and Em are leaving in an hour." Once my teeth are brushed I jump in the shower and as soon as I'm shaved, washed, dried and dressed I make my way down stairs to find everyone waiting on the slow human. Ugh, I hate being so…human. " Are you ready for an adventure Bella?" Emmett grins at me when I smile and nod. " Emmett, please be careful with her, She is fragile and not use to you…rough housing." Edward pinches the bridge of his nose and closes his eyes while Em and I just roll our eyes at the constipated looking fucker. " Yeah Emmett," Rose sneers at me then glares at him. "She just a weak little human." " Fuck you Rose!" I yell at the bitch. She growls and takes a step toward me but Emmett moves between us while my so called boy friend is still pinching the bridge of his damn nose. " Bella, show some respect to Rose, please." The asshole finally gives his nose a break only to glare at me. I roll my eyes as I jump on Emmett's back. "Yeah, okay Edward. I would tell you to hold your breath but I wouldn't get the desired effect now; would I? Oh and I'm a firm believer in the notion "Respect is earned not give on a silver platter." Sorry Rosie, but I don't bow down to ice queens or a self proclaimed princess." I giggle while Emmett, Jasper, and Alice laugh their asses off. Emmett takes off before the two fucktards can say a word to me. Laughing the entire trip up the mountain. When we get to where we're staying for the night Emmett sets me down then kisses the fuck out of me. "Thank you for that." He pecks my lips once more before becoming a blur as he sets up our tent. Mean while I'm still standing in the same damn spot with my fingers pressed to my tingling lips. Holy fuck, Emmett just kissed me like I have never been kissed before. " Bella?" I jump when I hear Em call out my name from inside the tent. Damn he moves fast. "Come here." I begin to walk slowly toward the tent so I don't do something embarrassing like trip over my damn shadow and face plant. That would seriously suck. When I step in the tent I gasp when I suddenly find myself pressed into a soft air mattress. " Em…" " Shh, just feel me baby." Emmett whispers as he leans forward and sensually kisses me. Our lips move together slowly at first but as the kiss deepens I feel Em slide his sweet tongue into my mouth; dominating me completely. Somehow my hands slips into his tight shirt, and the feel of his huge muscles tightening beneath my touch and makes my body burn and shiver at the same time. " Oh god." I gasp out when he begins to kiss down my neck. "This feels amazing Emmett. Please don't stop!" I moan loudly as he swiftly pulls my shirt over my head and immediately trails his cool wet tongue down my chest. " Damn baby you taste so good." He groans when he slips his tongue beneath my bra. "Fuck, I have been wanting to do this since the moment I first saw you. Leave with me Bella. I can't stay with those assholes any longer baby. And I don't think I can live without you now." I look down as I drag my nail through his short dark hair causing him to purr softly. "Alice, Jas and I are leaving soon and I can't leave without you baby." " Really?" Damn, is that all I can say. Fuck Bella tell him how you feel you idiot. "You want me? Do you want me forever, Emmett?" I bite my lip hoping to hell that he doesn't pull an Edward and tel me that he would rather keep me human. God that would suck. I'd still go anywhere with him though. " More than anything Bella. Fuck, I want to bite you right now. I want you for the next billion years baby." He grins down at me as he completely rips my bra off of me. "I want you until the end of time and even after that I'll find a way to stay with you. I fucking love you Bella. More than anything and I won't…I cannot live another second without you." He leans down and flick my nipple with his tongue. "So, what do say baby? Do you want me as much as I want you?" " Fuck yes Emmett! Oh god, you have no idea how much I have wanted to hear you say that to me." I lean up and kiss him hard while press my hips against his. "I'm yours Emmett." My hands slide down his stomach and the moment I reach the button of his jeans he freezes and places his hand gently on my mouth. " Shh, someone is coming." Emmett puts my shirt back on then gets to his feet and sniffs. I see his eyes turn black as night just as he let out a fierce roar, then I'm in his arms and we're outside the tent. " Oh scandalous." I hear the sickly sweet voice that sends chills down my spine every time I hear it. Victoria. "Now what would your brother say about you fucking his little pet?" Emmett grins at the bitch and shrugs his shoulders as he sets me down