" Forever" Jasper/Bella/Peter Written By jesslarhea & Kmuscutt23 I don't own Twilight but I do own any and all my mistakes that I always somehow over look. ENJOY! ~O0O~ (Short p rologue ) I've always known that I would die an untimely and painful death and it didn't bother me in the slightest; what did bother me however was that I knew without a shadow of doubt that my death would be by the hands of someone that I love. A love as toxic as that couldn't possibly have any other ending or an ending at all. The lightning is thick and strong, swirling all around me; threatening to crush me as I run as fast as I can, but no matter how fast my legs move or where I turn they are there, fighting for me and I feel as if my life will be the only collateral damage besides the landscape that surrounds us. They are all too strong, too powerful and I am too damn scared! The only thing keeping me from giving into my demise is the two men protecting me from the evil things that are surrounding us. I fall to the ground as a strong force crashes into me. I can't move or speak as two figures appear between me and forces that are here trying to take me from them. The two men standing before me are beautiful beyond belief. One with dark blonde hair and built with bulging muscles and the other man is not as big but he is a little taller with a light blonde hair. They both have beautiful red eyes and I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that they will never hurt me and that I love them with everything that I have in me. The darker haired one seems like he is capable of darker actions but still he doesn't scare me and I trust that he'll protect me with his life. Just his presence alone is enough to chill my body to the bone but in a very good way. He's fierce and strongly unmatched in his rage and love! His gaze upon me tells me only two things; he loves me more than anything and my life and safety his only purpose; that he'll die to protect me. I love him and want him completely. The other man is the same but he has a calmer presence about him and when he looks down at me I feel a sense of peace wash over me. I feel a very strong love for this man that is completely and utterly unbreakable. I feel so much love for them both and I haven't the first damn clue as to who they are. What's going on? Why do I feel so strongly for two men that I've never met? They both are crouched in front of me and growling at the people that are trying to take me away from them. Suddenly a force crashes into the dark haired man and they quickly crash into an untouched tree, causing it to crash to the ground. The loud thunderous sound of the collision causes me to shrink further into the wet ground. As I look up I see the blonde haired man quickly run off to help my other savior fend off our attackers very easily. A few minutes later they both emerge from the tree line with victorious and sexy smiles on their beautiful faces. When they look at me still laying on the cold and wet forest floor I grin at them both as I feel so much love with no malice and absolutely no fear of death at all; I feel safe and complete. It's as if the two men love each other as much as they both love me and it's in a way that I can't comprehend or explain. When they reach me they both smile down at me with the purest love I have ever known. I take both their offered hands to pull myself up to stand in front of them. "It's time for our forever my beautiful mate." The one with the light blonde hair tells me. "Our beautiful mate." The one with the dark hair smiles as they both lean down at the same time. "In three day you will be our forever baby." I moan when they both kiss each side of my neck so sensually. I feel their tongues grace my hot skin at the same time causing me to moan louder. I then I feel their teeth slice into my skin, biting down really hard. An all consuming and searing pain envelops me entirely, As I feel this pain, I let out a bone chilling scream and them both whispering that they are truly sorry and that they love me more than anything. I believe and trust their love for me, completely... I wake in a cold sweat, breathing heavily and having absolutely no clue as to where the hell I am or whats going on. It's dark and it smells familiar. It's home. I'm home, and in my bed alone and as usual it takes me a good five minutes to come to that conclusion, but when I do I begin to cry hard and miss my two beautiful men even though I know that they are not real. I always feel so empty and alone after I have this dream. The two men that I have come to truly love and want more than anything are not here with me. They are not real, but I want so much for them to be as real as I am. Chapter 1 ~Bella~ Life is scary when you're alive but too afraid to live. My name is Isabella Swan but everyone calls me Bella and I'm twenty years old but only for a few more days; I will be celebrating my twenty first birthday on May 13th and lucky for me that day falls on a Friday, and before you ask, yes, I was born on a Friday the 13th. As exciting as that is something tells me that my life is about to become more complicated than it already is. I'm nothing special by any standard, I have ass length and wavy dark auburn hair that I don't care or have the energy to do anything with so it stays in a messy bun on top of my head, in a ponytail or if I'm feeling frisky I'll braid it. People, mostly the male population in my school tell me that I have the most stunning Emerald green eyes. I don't care. If my vision wasn't perfect I would cover them up with mud brown contacts so I wouldn't have to listen to them or the tired old lines they throw at me. Because I like to run exercise the stress of collage life away, my body is really fit and my endurance rivals that of an individual on an Olympic track team, or so my gym teachers in high school used to tell me. I didn't care about that either. Enough about all the superficial bullshit that most women my age thrive themselves on and let me tell you about the real me. My family originates from the good ole state of Mississippi, Jackson to be exact! I'm country to the core and a true tomboy at heart. Not only that but I am the most sarcastic person you could ever love to hate. I speak my mind and will quickly tell you my opinion on everything, whether you want to hear it or not. I'm also a seriously messed up individual for the most part. You see sometimes I have dreams that are very vivid to the point that I kind of think that they are premonitions, warning me of what's to come. I'm so weird and I'm the type of person that for most people find it better to keep their distance. I started my freshmen year of college at MSU but transferred to the the University of Washington my sophomore year because my good old dad, Charlie Swan thought we needed a change of scenery. So he moved us to Forks Washington so he could take a job as the police chief, but right now I'm living in Seattle by my self while I finish my education. My mother, Renee Swan passed away when I was twelve years old. After her death I went through a sort of phase in which I didn't care whether I lived or died. I would surround myself with danger and not even be aware that I was doing it. In a way I'm still like that but I don't have a death wish anymore. "Ms Swan!" I'm broken from my thoughts by the high pitched voice of my Psych professor yelling at me. "Are you going to join us in the land of the living anytime soon?" "Maybe, if I survive this class." I mumble under my breath as I rub my temples trying to force the headache that has crept up on me, away. It's an unfortunate side effect of thinking about the dream that I had last night, and/or being in this class. "What was that?" He asks as he walks over to the area where I am seated in my favorite place. The very back corner. "Sorry Mr. Crane, I'm just experiencing a mild migraine." I straighten up in my seat as he eyes me curiously and I resist the urge to roll my eyes. "Is my voice giving you a headache?" He asks in a tone that just might get his butt kicked if he keeps it up. Yes I am a hostile person when I want to be, but can you blame me? I mean hello! Lack of sleep induced delirium caused by a recurring dream of two very hot men will do that to a person. "I have reoccurring migraines Mr. Crane..." I snap tightly as I look down at my watch, thanking the heavens that it's time to leave. "...And your voice..." I stand grabbing my belongings before I approach him. My 5'9 stature towering over the short pudgy little man. "...is just making it a lot worse." I walk past him, moving quickly and silently down the steps ignoring the stares of my peers. I seriously don't like being disrespectful to adults or my teachers but this man hates me because of my ability to zone out at any given time and still make excellent grades in all my classes. Hell, I only zone out in his class, especially when he is in the middle of his obnoxiously loud and very long lectures. I hear Mr. Crane huff and sigh loudly. "And just where do you think you're going Ms Swan?" He yells after me and I cringe at the intense pounding in my head as I point to the clock on the wall. "It's time to go and I have other classes and professors to ignore." Is my snide response. See, I can't help it. My poor and sour attitude is involuntary! The harsh look in Mr. Crane's beady little eyes and the red tint in his cheeks tell me that I'm grating on his last nerve, again. "I could fail you young lady or kick you out of this class." He says with an obvious sneer; his voice resounding significantly throughout the room, and my pain filled head. I reach the door and turn around smirking at him. "Actually, you can't because this," I wave my arms around. "Is just an extra credit class for my junior year, and this is my last day in this class. So kick away sir." I chuckle at the look the little man is sporting. "You've got to love the perks of being really smart and graduating early." I shrug and leave the room without another word, heading towards my truck. One would think that my schooling is