"Taking my mate" series 1) "The Major's fun " (before Bella meets the Cullen's) DISCLAIMER: (I don't own twilight) ENJOY! Chapter 1|Jasper It has been fifty five years since I met the woman that lied to me; tellin' me that I was her mate. At the time I found it rather funny that she would think I wouldn't know how the whole mating thing worked. Granted I've never experienced it first hand but I'm a fucking empath and I have been around mated pairs. Hell, I witnessed and felt it when my "brother" Peter mated to his now wife Charlotte. I was bored so I let her think she had me and went with her to find out her end game. As it turns out the woman is certifiable but I thought she would be fun to play with; turns out I was right. So I followed her and we eventually joined a coven of Bambi munchers. I like trying new things so I stayed and here I am getting bored again; bored with the diet and bored with school. Over the past forty six years I found a good bit of amusement fucking with the Cullen's. They're fun to rile up, especially the pompous mind raper and the good doctor. With Edward, all I have to do is remember my time with Maria and the little fucker looks as if he wants to puke. And with Carlisle; my little "slip ups" keep the man on his toes. It's all quite amusing! Now Esme, Emmett and Rose are the only ones that I have any respect for at all. Esme reminds me of my human mother, she's sweet, loving and very genuine. Emmett is the kind of guy that doesn't let anything or anyone bother him and likes to start wrestling matches with me to release all my pent up frustrations. The big bear has saved Edward and Alice from being torn apart too many time to count! He also knows how to fuck with people for a good laugh. He's a good guy and I'm thinking of making him and his mate the offer of joining the Whitlock coven…maybe! Now Rose is another story altogether; she a bitch plain and simple and just like me, she won't take shit from anyone; she's fierce, loyal and an outstanding fighter and if she wasn't mated, I would find out if she was an aggressive fuck like Emmett says! She is basically me with a nice rack! Too bad Emmett doesn't share! Alice has been pissing me off more and more lately; the stupid bitch has proposed to me countless times over the years and yesterday when she asked yet again, I got fed up and snapped at the little boy looking fairy, telling her that I knew that she lied to me when we first met and that the only reason I stayed with her was because I found everything very amusing and entertaining. I also told her that the only feelings that I have for her were that of a pet. That if I ever get married it would be to my mate and that she wouldn't look like a fucking boy! Yes, I'm a cruel bastard but who gives a shit! The woman has tried to manipulate me for years and now that she knows that I was in fact the one doing the manipulating; she can't stand it. Well boo fucking who pixie! I can't take it any longer so I'm headed out of Forks and this sad life style today, back to my brothers but first I have to stop by the police station to pay a damn ticket I got last week because Alice failed to tell me that I was gonna pass a speed trap. Stupid bitch calls herself a seer; yeah, if I ever see her again she'll see my Zippo as I shove in her big mouth! As I pull into the parking lot I see Chief Swan standing outside talking to a girl with long mahogany hair, a beautiful slim and tight little figure, legs that can go for miles and an ass that make me want to do very naughty things to her and for her. Chief Swan looks like he is pissed off and wants to hit the woman! The goddess has her back to me so when I approach to get around her, she backs up just as I move to go around her and bumps into me; her ass is pushed against my already straining cock. I feel a jolt of electricity and an intense but very pleasurable heat engulf my body as I place my hands on her shoulders to steady her. "Oh my god, I am so sor-" She stops as she turn to face me and when or eyes meet I feel my dead heart beat. It's like all of my emotions are trying to drown me and its then that I realize that I just met my mate and she's human but thank the heavens that my mate is beautiful and curvy, and best of all she looks like a woman not a little boy; a woman with phenomenal tits and ass! "It's quite aright ma'am" I look at chief Swan as he clears his throat. "Chief Swan, how are you today?" "I'm just fine Jasper and yourself; how's your family doing?" He smiles at me but I can tell his smile is as fake as they come. "They're doing good sir; busy as usual." I look at the dark hair beauty and smile. "Jasper this is my daughter Isabella!" I offer her my hand. "Jasper Hale, it's nice to meet you ma'am" I let my southern accent come out in full force before I kiss her hand; and I just about drop to my knees when I smell the sweet scent of her arousal. When I feel the heat from her blush I just want to take her right here and now but that would be a little awkward. "Are you here to pay that speeding ticket son?" The Chief glares at me. "I don't want to catch you speeding like that again!" "Yes sir" I turn back to Isabella. "It was really nice to meet you, Isabella." "It was really nice meeting you Jasper and please, call me Bella!" Oh her voice and the way she said my name; I just have to have her. I begin planning out our get away in my head, careful not to make any decisions for Alice to pick up on. I'd hate to have to kill my way out of town but I will for my mate. "Go straight home Bella." Chief says giving her a weird look and then motions for me to follow him. Something about his tone towards her makes me want to snap his neck for talking to my mate like that. I don't give two shits that she is his daughter! Once I got my ticket paid I rush to my car and haul ass to the Swan residence because I'm not leaving this town without Isabella. I don't give a shit about the secret, mainly because I don't intend to keep her human much longer. I park around the corner from her house so no one see my truck and links Isabella's disappearance to me. As I approach the back door it swings open violently and there she stands in all her beautiful glory. Her delicious scent wafting around me, causing my dick to stand at attention! I feel absolutely no blood lust for her at all, not even a little tickle in my throat, weird! "Jasper?" she breathes out and looks at me a little puzzled as to why I'm standing on her back porch. "What are you doing here?" She smiles at me then promptly bites her succulent bottom lip. Oh how I want to be the one biting that juice lip. Very soon! "I can't leave town without you Bella. You my dear, are going to learn a lot of shocking things today; the most important is that you can trust that I will never hurt you or allow anyone else to hurt you but you have to come with me; we can't be apart!" I'm pushing my luck with telling her the truth right off the bat, so I reach out with my gift to taste her emotions and it's strange that all I feel is curiosity, confusion and a shit tone of lust but no fear at all, she's intrigued! I grab her hand gently and pull her in the house "come on let's get your stuff and get the hell out of here!" She nods with a beautiful smile and begins to lead me up the stairs and into her room and I notice all her stuff is still in her suitcases. "Didn't get around to unpacking?" I smile as I grab both just as she grabs her backpack and toiletries bag. "I was about to bolt when you showed up; I hate it here and that asshole you were so familiar with down at the station has ordered me around one to many times and offered me up to his friends son like some kind of doggy treat or something. I've only been in town a fucking week and he thinks just because I'm a woman that I should stay in the house and clean up after his lazy ass or cook for him and his buddies while they drink and watch football!" She is full on ranting now as we walk out of her house and towards my truck. "So why are you leaving Forks Jasper Hale?" She pulls a pack of cigarettes from her back pocket and lights one up as she looks up at me with her beautiful doe eyes. I take the cigarette from her plump lips and take a long drag. "Got bored with the cookie cutter family I was with and by the way the name is Jasper Whitlock. I just told you it was Hale because that's the alias I've been using." I wink at her as I place her cigarette between her lips before I open the back door to my truck and toss her bags in. "Come beautiful" I pull her body to mine and lean down to place a small kiss to the side of her neck causing her to shiver in my arms. "Lets get the fuck out of dodge." Bella and I have been on the road for two days now and I've told her everything about me and what I am. She took it surprisingly well; telling me that she could tell that there was something different about me. She's very perceptive for a human and extremely smart. She's not at all like the teenagers in this day and age; she has an old soul and very wise beyond her years. The beautiful woman is perfect for the Major! "Darlin' I'm gonna get us room for tonight; sleeping in this truck is taking a toil on you I can tell." I grin at her as I toss the butt of my smoke out the window. Smoking, drinking hard liquor, and of course drinking blood are the only things a vampire can consume. The cigarettes do nothing for us; I just like the familiarity of it, but hard liquor will get us slightly drunk if we consume copious amounts! Thank god because that is the only thing that got me through my years with Maria and of course Alice and the animal diet. "Jasper, I've told you before that I'm fine and that you don't need to spend any money on a room when I am fully capable of sleeping while you drive. Plus, we'll get there sooner and I can't wait to meet your real family." "Yeah well I for one want you in my arms and I can't do that while I drive now can I?" I smirk