" Free at last from the truth of the past" Sequel to "The truth shall set you free" I decided that instead of continuing that story, I would just start a sequel! ~Deal with it~ I don't own "Twilight" but as you all know, I own any and all mistakes that I make or have over looked! This story is rated mature for obvious reasons, just like any other story that I write! ~(Enjoy and read at you own risk because all my stories are explicit and very detailed)~ ~This chapter in particular is slam full of lemony goodness~ ENJOY! Chapter 1 ~Jasper~ It's been ten years since I've met Bella and became a member of the undead and I have never felt more alive; go figure! To say that my life with my beautiful mate is perfect would be an understatement of massive proportions! She is the most beautiful woman that has ever existed! I love her more than anything and will do or give her everything her beautiful unbeating heart desires! Five years ago the Whitlock coven moved and settled back in Wharton after we purchased my families land. Peter, Garrett, and I completely restored my families plantation and home as a wedding gift to my gorgeous mate and now wife. We also bought and restored the the Whitney farm and land for Peter and his wife Charlotte. So now my wonderful family owns three thousands square acres of the best farm land in Texas. I was really happy to learn that Bella and I shared a love for horses so now own and breed about twenty race horses. The last horse we bought was a really miniature Shetland pony that weighs 110lbs soaking ass wet but the best thing about him is that his name is Eugene Whitlock. Yeah, Peter didn't find the funny in that, but everyone else did though. Bella and I were in Huston looking at and mustang colt when she just feel in love with Eugene. She even lets the damn horse come inside when it is either too hot or too cold. That little fucker is even house trained and my wife has spoiled him rotten! It's a mother and child relationship between the two of them and very fucking weird! Garret happily joined our little family after we all found out that my Bella is his descendant. Bella is Garret's great many times over grand niece. The two of them act as if they're brother and sister, and their favorite past time is fucking with Peter. Those two make a great team! Once Garret tried to pull one over on me and almost lost an arm when Bella realized what he was up to. My wife is extremely over protective of me just as I am with her! She has even drained a woman that wouldn't leave me alone when we all went out drinking a few months ago. It's was just after Peter and Charlotte got married! We all went out to cerebrate their return from their honeymoon and a very trashy and pushy woman completely threw herself at me and when I told her that I was married and wrapped my arms around Bella, the woman told my wife to take a hike and that I was hers now! The bitch wasn't taking no for an answer, so Bella not so politely told the skank that if she wanted to live she had better leave. The woman just rolled her eyes and tried to push my wife away from me and when that didn't work she told Bella that her soon to be ex-husband wanted a divorce and then made a grab for my face and tried to kiss me. I not so gently pushed the bitch away and pulled Bella into my arms. The skanky bitch didn't like that and punched Bella only to break her hand in the process. Peter, Charlotte and Garrett were having the time of their lives and laughing their asses off at the entire situation. Bella and I didn't find the funny in that situation at all! That night Bella and I followed the woman home so Bella could have dinner. My beautiful wife deemed the crazy bitch a danger to all the married men in Texas and that she was worse than a criminal, that she was fare game and her snack for the night! I'll tell you what; it's never a dull moment around my beautiful wife! We haven't heard anything from or about the Cullen's since we found out that Alice and Edward left them to officially join the Volturi guard. Carlisle, Esme, Emmett, and Rose have stayed together and moved to Maine to start fresh without the assholes and I'll bet that their lives are better now that those two aren't around. I know my life is a thousand time better from all the stories that Bella, Peter and Garret has told me! Peter and Garret informed us that the mind raper and his psycho fortune teller twin have been trying to come up with a plan to get me and Bella back under their greedy little thumbs. Fat fucking chance assholes! I'd sooner die before I live a life like that. I'm so damn glad that my family saved my narrow ass from that horrid fate. Bella has learned to control and strengthen her gift to the point that she can shield and protect the five of us at all times, and at any distance. She even keeps Garrett under her shield, even though he has his own shield and doesn't need her to protect him. She told us that she wanted him protected as much as possible because if the Volturi gets a hold of him they could use him to change and take away our happiness! Garret just scoffed at her but let her do as she wanted to keep her mind at ease. The woman is stubborn at best and we all would do anything for her! Bella and I are currently relaxing in our hot tub out on our back deck and enjoying the star filled night with a bottle of jack. This is how she and I usually spend our nights and I wouldn't change that for anything. I love my wife more than anything! I also love how she feels with her naked and extremely beautiful body all wrapped around and pressed against me. The way her body moves against mine when I touch her; the way her sensual and arousing touch sets my entire soul on fire. Bella is everything to me and I would destroy this entire planet if anyone hurt her... "What has you thinking so hard baby?" Bella asks me as she climbs onto my lap and straddles me, breaking the silence of the peaceful night. I smile and lean into her to kiss her lips softly. "Just thinking about how wonderful my life is with you baby, and that if anyone ever tries to take you from me..." Bella smiles and presses her soft lips to mine cutting me off mid rant while sliding one of her hands down my naked chest to my extremely hard cock while the other tugs on my hair pulling my head back. My sexy little mate bites my bottom lip and we both moan loudly when she engulfs my cock with her tight and extremely wet pussy. Jesus, I'll never get enough of this sexy creature that has save my life and captured my heart so completely. "Fuck baby I love you so damn much!" I growl low in my chest and grab her hips as I plunge in and out of her faster and harder as we devour each other. My dick pound in and out of her the way only a vampire could. "Holy fuck Isabella!" I roar loudly as I spill my cool seed into her. Once my still harder than titanium dick stops pulsing and twitching inside of her tight wet core I stand and set her ass on the edge of the tub before grabbing her hips roughly before spreading her long lean legs wide open for me and begin to fuck her like the animal that I am. My hips begin to blur as I move in and out of her, swiveling and grinding as hard as I can like I know she wants and loves it! "Jasper!" Bella screams loudly and throws her head back while arching her back and her gorgeous tits within the reach of my mouth. I lean down and begin to bite and suck those beautiful mounds into my mouth with vigor. The water in the tub splashes out of the hot tub from the force of my thrusts, soaking everything on the deck. "Please baby don't stop; oh fuck yes!" I feel her already tight as fuck pussy grip my dick like a vice as I continue to pound into her with wild and raw abandon. "Oh goddamn baby you feel so fucking good! I love you so much Bella!" I roar as we both fall completely apart in our love and lust induced euphoria once again. But I am far from finished! Gotta love vampire stamina... "Oh fuck me, I love you too baby!" Bella sets up and pulls my body against hers before kissing me with so much passion that I feel I just might explode completely. After a few minutes of my wife kissing me like crazy I feel myself become even harder than I already was, causing Bella to moan loudly before she pushes me away from her with a wicked grin with those gorgeous lips of hers. Once she's standing she turns around and bends over, wiggling her sexy ass in the air. Fuck I love that tight little ass of her's! I grin at the prospects of what my wife wants just as she looks at me over her shoulder and bites her plump bottom lip causing me to growl as I quickly kneel down and lick up the back her thigh. When my mouth reaches her ass I bite down as place my hand on the spine and push her further down so that her pussy is on full display for me. I growl low in my chest as I lick her still wet pussy aggressively from behind, causing her to purr and moan loudly as I make her cum hard within seconds with my tongue. I grin to myself as I grip her beautiful ass then spank her hard, pulling a loud moan from her lips. "Jasper baby." Bella growls at me as I smack her ass once more and harder than before. I quickly stand up and grind myself between her ass cheeks. "Fuck baby, you know what I want so please Jasper give it to me now!" I smile to myself because I know exactly what my freak of a wife wants me to do! I fucking love it when she is feeling horny and wild enough for me to take her in that manner. "That I do darlin, but what I want to know is how hard do you want it?" I purr seductively as I position myself to her ass. "Fuck me like the wild and untamed animal that you are Jasper, and baby, I want you to screw me so hard that I forget my own name!" Oh fuck me I love this beautiful little vixen so goddamn much! "Your wish..." I grip her hip roughly and pull her ass to me at the same time that I push into her ass hard. "...Is both our pleasure baby!" I moan and growl really fucking loud then roar even louder as I continue to fuck my wife in her delectable little ass with haste. I'm fucking her so damn hard that the hot tub begins to crack beneath her beautiful body. "Jesus Christ Isabella, you feel so damn good baby! Oh fucking hell woman!" I'm moaning continuously