((VAMPIRES ARE COMPLETELY DIFFERENT IN THIS STORY)) DISCLAIMER- I do not own "twilight" but I do own "Wicked"! CLAIMER- I really do own any and all mistakes because I am not perfect! This story is rated mature for all the reasons that you can think of! ENJOY! ~*~Chapter 1| Jasper~*~ (Philadelphia 1940's) It's been twenty years since Char, peter and I destroyed Maria and left the southern vampire wars! After killing and burning that Mexican bitch that created me, we left her smelly ashes to blow away in the pleasant breeze, and I find that I have never been happier in all my years! The year is 1942 and at this moment in time I'm standing in front of a small but busy dinner in Philadelphia Pennsylvania; contemplating on using this human establishment for cover to escape the sudden down pore that came out of nowhere. I was supposed to meet my brother Peter about three blocks down after my hunt but this Philly weather is a fickle bitch and decided that I needed a nice cold shower… "Major!" I hear my "title" being yelled from behind me just as my hand touches the handle to the diner door. All of a sudden I get this feeling that's trying to consume my very soul; as if my life will end in a way that is much worse than death if I enter the crowed diner. This feeling is a very unpleasant pull and so consuming that it takes me a few seconds to come back to myself. The pull itself is like and sort of bond but not really. I feel as if I should get as far as I can from it; not move toward it! With my mind made up to not continue on that path of what I can only describe is self destruction. I release the door handle and turn towards my crazy brother and immediately begin to laugh as Peter dodges in and out of traffic like he's doing the tango. He looks like a dancing jackass bobbing and weaving around passing cars and I think one truck just clipped his ass before honking and yelling foul language at the dumbass that is my venom brother! "Shit those fuckers are crazy behind the wheel; I don't know about you but I miss the days of the horse and carriage; shit, crazy bastards!" Peter rants as he approaches me with a sardonic look on his face. Oh shit; I know that look and I know that it means something bad is gonna happen; but what? "What is it, captain?" I ask as I let him pull me from the awning over the diner door and back out into the fucking rain. Peter is a clown all the damn time so I tend to take him seriously when he has this look on his face and so does his mate Charlotte, but it's the only time that we do take his stupid ass seriously and he knows it so he doesn't abuse that look at all and only uses it when something's about to go down! He takes a deep unnecessary breath and I want to smack him for it. "All I know is that if you went into that dinner there, you would have eventually had to watch your true mate love another and die a horrible death while you were stuck with someone in a very unpleasant life!" He growls as we continue down the street. What the hell; my mate? What in the hell is he talking about? I grab his shoulder and pull him to a stop just outside the edge of the forest and just look at him long and hard then slowly smile at him "My true mate huh?" I shake my head and chuckle as we begin to move at an inhuman speed, moving fast through the forest, away from civilization and towards where Charlotte is supposed to meet us. "When will I meet this angel?" I give Peter the look that says he better not dodge the question. "Now why in the fuck would your other half be an angel?" He chuckles loudly, dodging like I knew he would. "Oh no, no, no sir dear brother; she'll be more like the devil; she'll be as wicked as they come, that is if we get to her before certain people, well, vampires invade her life…" He stops and sighs at the look I'm giving him."…and you'll be meeting her in Phoenix Arizona in the year 2007; and she will be human. That is all I know as of yet!" He grins as he takes off into the forest like his ass was on fire. Hmm that's a long fucking time but I can be a patient mother fucker when I want to be and for someone like that, I can be as patient as I need to be. "The devil huh" Imagine that! My mate; someone as wicked and evil as I am and I for one can't wait to meet her! Wait, did that fucker just say human? ~*~ Still Jasper's POV~*~ (Phoenix Arizona, 2007) Peter, Char, and I have been living in Phoenix for three months now and I'm starting to get a little impatient, but all the 'know it all' jackass will tell me is that it will be soon and that I will be meeting her through death, but not her death or mine!. Whatever the fuck that means, fucking Yoda! Last week I caught Peter buying a shit tone of land and a bunch of houses by the ocean in a small town called Forks Washington. When I asked why he was doing this; all he would tell me was that we would need it after I met my little devil, and that he likes to be prepared. Cryptic jackass is always doing shit like that. I think we now own forty-six fucking houses and a shit tone of land all over the United states; we also own two thousands acres of land in various other countries, including Italy! Why; I haven't the first fucking clue! The ruling leaders of the vampire race reside in Italy! The Volturi and they are vicious and precise but the Whitlock coven or family, if you will, respect them completely; just as they respect us. One of my closest friends is none other than Caius Volturi. He and I have been friends for a long time now; every since I saved his ass from a hoard of werewolves -the children of the moon to be exact-. After that; Peter, Char and I helped the Volturi bring that wretched race to extinction because we were bored and so the Whitlock family and the Volturi coven are thick as thieves. Anything we need or want we get; all we have to do is ask. I consider the kings of our race my brothers, even though Aro is a creepy little fucker! That feeling may have a lot to do with the fact that Caius and Peter said that Aro has a huge crush on me and the assholes think it's the funniest thing in the world! I don't swing that way with anyone but Peter Aro and your mate should kick our ass for that shit! "Dude, quit moping around and cringing like you just thought of Aro!" I hear Peter yell from the TV room and laughing his fucking ass off. Like I said; asshole! "I'm hungry, now let's go Major!" "Char" I yell back with a smile that becomes a grin when I hear a loud slap. "Damn it woman" Peter yells the moment I open my door, causing me to laugh. "Why do you always take his side?" My brother whines like the baby that he is. "Because, he's my sire" She tells him then grins at me as I enter the room. "Yeah, but I'm you mate woman; mate trumps all that bullshit!" Peter complains then his frown turn into a full blown cheesy ass smile. What the fuck was that crazy smile about? "Come on" He grabs Chars hand and pull her out of the house with me following. I love those two crazy vamps more than anything as of yet. I'm hoping my mate will love them the way I do because I really don't want to give what we three have, but I will for my mate. Hell, I'm hoping that my little devil will join us! Now that would be fun! We finally make it into the city around 10pm and as we stroll down the street, the Cheshire look on Peters face grows with every step we take, I'm serious; the fucker looks like the joker now and I really want to beat his ass! I open my mouth to ask him if he finally found a way to get high but before the words make it out of my mouth I hear a woman's angry voice coming from an ally around the corner, and at that moment the most alluring scent invades my entire being. I finally fell at home in this life and its all due to the owner of that scent and voice! It her, my mate… "Not so cocky now, are you asshole…" That voice just found a direct line straight to my dick! "…What, you thought that because I'm so small that you had an easy target? Do you like attacking young girls and raping them, you sick fuck?" I hear her growl and a slight thump as we get closer. "I bet you never thought in a million years that this little girl would be your last victim ever now did you?" I hear another thump right before a man that is a little smaller than me falls to the ground at my feet. Did she just throw this man out of the ally? Yes, somehow I think she did! Fuck I can't want to see this woman! The man looks as if he just went twelve rounds with Muhammad Ali… I look to Peter and the fucker is bouncing on his toes like a giddy little school girl as he slowly backs away. I look back to the ally just as the most beautifully deranged girl, no, she's a fucking woman- steps gracefully into the light. She's maybe around 5'7 or 5'8 with long dark hair and beautiful emerald green eyes, the same color as mine, and they shine with the fire from the pits of hell. Her body is slender and just…fucking wow! Her ass and long legs are amazing in the jean skirt she's wearing. I also see the best cleavage ever in the tight little wife beater that is barely covering her fuck me tits! And those fucking boots; oh goddamn I love a woman in cowboy boots! Good God, I think I just came in my wranglers! Holy shit, this truly is my mate! I look back at Peter for one more confirmation and all the fucker does is nod his big ass head before he and Char disappear around the corner. Asshole! The sexy woman narrows her eyes at me but I can also feel her attraction to me through her emotions as she continues to eye fuck me while holding a damn switchblade. "What? This asshole deserves to be gutted like a fish!" I look back at the man at my feet so I can find the ability to speak to her. Finally after a few deep breaths I nod and look back into those wicked green eyes of hers. "Yes he does sugar, but I can make his death a hundred times more painful if you like!" I grin at her as I lean down and grab the guy by his throat and lift him from the ground after she nods and bites that plump bottom lip of hers. "I think he would make a satisfying meal for me; wouldn't want you to get your hands dirty just