((I don't own Twilight)) Purple eyes? Chapter 1 Peter My name is Peter Whitlock and my undead existence has become somewhat boring over the past fifty years. So much so, that every night I find myself setting in a bar just watching people as they live their lives. Creepy, I know but it relaxes me and sometimes I get lucky and find a tasty criminal to feed on. Tonight though, my knowing gift has practically insisted that I just hang out at this particular bar. Why? I have yet to find out. The asshole just told me to sit my bulky ass down and get comfy. That fucker is always telling me what to do and how to do it. My gift has never steered me wrong before, but the fucker is vague at best so I digress, and happily sat my sparkly white ass on a vacant bar stool and began observing my surroundings as I thought back to the days when I let my "Family" lead me around by the short and curlies, not my gift. If it's not one thing it's the other. Seventy years ago Charlotte and I escaped from that bitch Maria and her fucked up army, with the help of Major Jasper Whitlock, my brother in arms. Two years later Char and I went back and helped Jasper escape, which wasn't easy at all, but we managed and ended up torching Maria and all her puppets in the process. Good times! I lived a fairly peaceful life with Char and my Emo brother until they both decide to up and leave me all by my lonesome, fifty years ago. Jasper left us after meeting the dwarf psycho bitch that claimed that they were mates; which they are not by the way. Then three days later my now ex-wife, found her true mate and left without so much as a kiss my ass. Fucking bitch! I mean, I know that you can't help who you're mated to but the heartless bitch could have told me goodbye. The day after the bitch left, her and her new mate came back with divorce papers that stated that Char would get 80% of my assets. 3 of my 4 houses, and all the land that own. Even the land that the house that I would get to keep was setting on. I would have to pay them rent for my fucking land. Ain't that some shit? I told Charlotte and her mate that I would have my lawyer draw up new papers and that they weren't getting one fucking dime from me or any of my properties. I also told the dumb bitch that if I wanted to, I could take all that Char had to her name (which is absolutely nothing) just because she was with another man and that we weren't even divorced yet. The very next week, my lawyer had new papers drawn up and Char signed them, growled at me, then hauled ass out of my life for good because I told her that if I ever saw either of them ever again, I would not hesitate to end then both for trying to take what is mine and only mine. Char's lazy ass never contributed a goddamn dime. To this day, I'm still laughing at her stupidity. Anyway, I've been alone ever since but I have to admit that I found it rather delightful to not be tied down to any one. It does get rather lonely though. I've tried to convince Jasper to come home and that Malice was not his mate, but she has him so brain washed that he probably doesn't even remember who he really is. Over the years I've managed to become even more wealthy than I was when I was with Charlotte, and it's all due to my ability of just knowing shit and that I don't have Char's greedy ass here to go on expensive shopping sprees once a damn week. The only thing now is that I have no one to share my wealth with, so it just continues to accumulate… "Do you need a refill, sugar?" I'm broken from my thoughts by the most alluring and seductive voice I have ever heard in my life. I look up from my now empty glass and barely contain the gasp when I see the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen in all my two hundred years but what has my attention so completely, are her eyes. They are the deepest shade of purple with light traces of magenta streaking through them. They're extremely hypnotic, but very inhuman. She's definitely not human. So what is she? "Hello, is anyone home in there? Did the venom fry your brain cells, darlin?" She smiles broadly and winks at me. Her southern drawl is well practice, but I can tell that she's not from around here. "Um…how?" This is all I can manage to verbalize at the moment as I stare into her beautiful eyes like a love sick puppy? " Dude, she ' s your mate but she isn't human or vampire . " My gift chooses this moment to wake the fuck up and inform me of life changing information. Thanks asshole! "Look honey, I can tell that I may have broken you so why don't you drink this…" She pours more whiskey into my empty glass. "…then we can go somewhere more private to talk. I'm off in ten minutes." I nod because my mouth has somehow forgotten how to form coherent sentences. The beautiful woman winks then smiles at me as she serves the next customer. I continue to watch her as she works. My eyes follow her the entire time, how her body moves, and how utterly graceful she is. She's a goddess plain and fucking simple and I want her completely. Apparently I'm not the only one here that has eyes for my goddess. Oh hell no, every male in the joint is eye fucking my woman. I see a woman pelting her date in the head with her purse, relentlessly, trying in vain to get his attention, but the fucker can't take his beady little eyes off my mate. I begin to growl low in my chest but my beautiful mate looks at me with that brilliantly beautiful smile and shakes her head in warning. "Stop that, darlin." She whispers then turns back to the older man that she was currently talking to. The look in her eyes now says that she is anything but happy. "Frank…" She shoves her index finger into his chest. I notice a faint glow from her fingertips when she touched him and the man's body noticeably sags, like his energy was drained from him. What the fuck was that? "…I just spent the last two fucking hours placing your liquor order. So you will pay me my last check, or I promise you that you will live to regret it asshole!" Oh shit, my woman is sexy when she's pissed. " Yeah Pete, she is someone that you never want to piss off . " I can clearly see that you fucking know it all! I snap my attention back to my mate when the soon to be dead fucker regains his senses and grabs my mates ass after telling her how she can earn her last check because in his opinion she need to do more to earn then money that he owes her. What the fuck? I get up off the bar stool quickly, and walk behind the bar to where they're standing. "Touch her like that again, asshole, and I promise I'll make you death as painful as possible." I growl as I stand between the sleaze and my sexy mate. "Now pay the lady what you owe her and you better do it quickly. You know what? On second thought, how bout' you pay her more than what you owe her seeing that you just assaulted her. Call it grievance pay if you will." I look down and wink and my now smiling mate as she moves to stand next to me. I really need to ask her, her name. The sniveling little weasel nods frantically and pulls a wad of cash out of the safe behind the bar. Damn, that looks to be several thousand. My mate grabs the cash, her purse, my arm, then pulls me outside where she promptly lights up a cigarette. Holy shit I feel like I've been boosted with so much life and energy from her soft touch. I don't even feel the need to feed anymore. What the fuck is she? "I'm Bella Swan, and thank you for what you did back there I was really about to drain his ass." She grins as she stops and tosses her cigarette on the ground then points to the parking lot. "Which vehicle is yours darlin?" "It's a real pleasure to meet you, doll. I'm Peter Whitlock and my Truck is right here. Why?" I grin down at her as I lead her over to my truck. "And what the fuck do you mean drain him, and while were at it; why did you just quit your job?" "We need to get out of here and have that chat that I promised you, and I quit my job for several reasons." She leans into me, bringing her mouth to my ear. "I'll tell you everything, so lets head to your place." She presses her lips to the side of my neck and that burst of energy sparks between us, and to a whole new level this time. It's fantastic! I shiver as I open the passenger door then lift her up in the cab of my truck before buckling her belt for her. "Thanks sugar." An hour later we're flying down the deserted road that leads to my secluded desert estate, the only sound is the beautiful hum coming from Bella as she stares out the window. I turn down my driveway and a few minutes later I'm parking my truck in front of my home then turning to look at the sexy woman next to me. "What are you Bella? I know that you're not human, but you're not like me either and your eyes are like nothing I have ever seen in all my two hundred years." I grin as I unbuckle her seat belt. "And why do I feel like I can take on an army and defeat them single handedly after you touched me? I don't even need to feed anymore." I shake my head at her. I hear Bella's heart beat speed up and she gasps loudly as she turns to look at me. "Oh my god, it can't be!" She looks at me in awe. "So you felt it? I'm your mate aren't I? Damn sugar, you dodge the proverbial bullets with style." She laughs and shakes her head then turns her entire body towards me. "Yes darlin, you and I are mates. I knew the moment I saw you that you are mine and I am yours." I raise my eyebrow at her. "Now how bout you explain what you mean by that last part." I grab her soft warm hand and pull her across the seat into my lap and nuzzle her neck. I notice that she doesn't smell like food to me at all. She smells like freesia, lavender, strawberries, love, sex, and…home. I'm completely captivated by her very presence. "When I saw you I knew I had to have you, but I wasn't sure that it was to drain you, fuck you, or both." She sighs at the look I give her. I'm the vampire in this equation, not her. How could she drain me? "Peter, before I tell you what I am, you need to know that I wasn't always like this. Not long ago I was very human, and a clumsy human at that."