I don't own Twilight but I do own any and all my mistakes...sorry! ENJOY! " Eternal Pain " These damn diamond needles are a pain in the ass to order and transport, oh and lets not forget, fucking expensive as hell. I really hate delivery day as well, because that sleazy fucking dead guy that delivers my shipment each month really makes my skin crawl. It's a real good thing that me, dad, and our shop are under protection due to some kind of ancestry shit and no one or nothing can mess with us without extreme consequences. Sorry, I'm getting a little ahead of myself... I'm Isabella Marie Swan and I am one of the best tattoo artist in New Orleans. My dad Charlie swan is the genius behind our business. He taught me everything I know in the ways if taking care of myself at a very young age. He also taught me how to never show fear in the face of danger and then to kick it's ass. My dad also taught me all about the beings that can and will over power us and that there isn't shit we could do about it. But my dad being the bad ass that he is also taught me the power of diamonds and more specifically on how to cut them like a jeweler would; using high powered laser; very hot lasers. My dad manufactured and designed one of those lasers into a pocket sized weapon. Only a handful of people know about this for the simple fact that this weapon could take out a vampire easily because of their diamond like skin. Yes, you heard me right and no I'm not crazy, well, I am a crazy bitch but not of the bat shit variety. You see, right after I was born the existence of vampires came to light in a very public way. Now I know what you're thinking "vampire aren't real". I assure you that they are very real. Anyway, it took a few year for the human government and the vampires ruling coven to come to an agreement of sorts. Vampires are to never feed on the innocent unless they agree legally to be a human donor. If a person so wishes they can offer there blood at a price and a signed agreement that they survive and are not turned but all criminals that cause a threat to another soul are far game to a hungry vamp. Anyway, my shop is the only shop that offers tattoos to the vampire race. Once the vampires "came out", my dad saw dollar signs and quickly discovered a way to penetrate a vampire's hard skin and cater to the vampire race. It took my dad all of five minutes to get his methods Volturi backed and approved. Later we found out that one of the immortal rulers had a gift and could see any and all bonds and revealed that my father and I were his and his three brothers last living descendants. How cool is that shit? All this information led my father and I to learn all we can on the vampire race and it ultimately led him to develop a way to protect ourselves should the need arise. Cause lets face it there are a lot of vamps that want to hit the ruling coven where it hurts. As for the human society, well lets just say that racism has hit an all time high and that includes the days of slavery. I swear people are complete idiots if they think that this world was meant for one race, or now as it is; one dominate species. My shop is protested at least once a week now. It use to be every damn day until those fuckers got tired of being run off by Nero, my pet panther. She's black as night and extremely deadly. She was a gift from the Volturi last year. So imagine my surprise when a panther cub was delivered with a note that said "Train her right and she will protect you with her life". She doesn't bother any of the vampires that come through my shop but my guess is that she smart enough to know that she wouldn't win that battle. So she just lets out a rumbling growl and then eyes them like a hawk until they leave. I'm broken from my musing when I hear the bell above the door sound, notifying me to a customer. I look over and see my dad dealing with James the creepy vamp and our new shipment. I catch my dads eye and grin when I see him holding his laser in his hand as he listens to James drone on and on about shit I don't really care to here, and apparently neither does my dad. "I got it dad! Nero come." I chuckle and pat her head as she and I move to the front to help Angela just in case the person that came in is a vamp. Angel is skittish at best with tattooed humans so you can imagine how she is with vampires. It's funny as hell to watch her stutter all over her words. Don't get me wrong, she's a very nice girl but she really needs to toughen up because the world we live in now will devour you if you don't know how to handle yourself in the presence of vampires. Pun definitely intended. "W-well..." And that right there tells me that the new comer is of the vampire variety. "Hello, and welcome to Eternal Pain Body Arts. I'm Bella and what can I do for you guys tonight?" I look at the two men standing just inside the door eyeing Angela and trying to hold in their laughter. "She's not use to being around vampires like I am so if you laugh, I'll be happy to tattoo "A tiny human kicked my ass" on both your foreheads." I tell them with a straight face as I stroke Nero's massive head that is currently nuzzling my hip and freaking purring. What the hell? Why isn't she growling? The two blonde vamps look at me with wide eyes. "Well, we wouldn't want that now would we darlin?" The taller and more muscular of the two men approaches me with a gorgeous smile and offers me his hand. "The name's Peter Whitlock ma'am and it's a real pleasure to meet you." He grabs my hand that was resting on Nero's head and brings it to his mouth and presses his cold, hard but surprisingly soft lips to my knuckles. Damn his touch is somehow causing some sort of current to pass between us. It's like my body is buzzing with electricity. I notice that Nero is now nuzzling Peters leg, shocking the shit out of me. "What did you do to my cat? She usually just growls at vampires and she definitely does not do that to anyone but me or my dad..." I point to Nero as she rubs her nose up and down Peter's leg, purring like the crazy cat that she is. "Honey that ain't no damn cat! That is a panther." The one that has yet to introduce himself says as he points to Nero. "Thank you Mr. Obvious; I had no idea." I roll my eyes at the vamp. "A panther is classified in the cat family, duh..." "Sorry sugar, I mean no disrespect. I'm Jasper Whitlock by the way..." He stops and looks at Peter. "Damn Peter, let go of the woman's hand." I look at Peter before snatching my hand back and placing it on Nero's back because her head is currently moving towards Peter's crotch. Damn lucky cat. "Nero, sit." She obeys like always but with a little whine in protest. I look up at the two men just as Jasper offers me his hand. "Sorry bout my brother here." Jasper laughs as he leans down and receives a face bath from Nero. "Again, why is Nero not growling at the two of you?" I shake my head in disbelief. "Instead, she acting like she belongs to you both. And before you ask, she is not for sale." I smile down at Nero just as she playfully swats at Jasper's hands. It looks like the two of them are boxing. "So what brings the two of you in my shop tonight?" I look back at Peter now that I know my cat is safe, and that these two aren't the animal drinking kind. "I was curious when I saw that you cater to vampires..." He shrugs as he waves his hand over his toned body. "How do you manages to put a tattoo on someone like me?" I give Peter a grin full of mirth and humor. "Well its a very careful process using elmers glue, food coloring and massive amounts of glitter." I wink just as Peter lets out a loud boisterous laugh. "I'm just messing with you. I use diamond needles and venom infused ink." I shrug and turn to Angela. "My dad is about to head out for the night. So if you want, you can catch a ride with him." "A-are y-ou sure?" She stutters causing me to smile. "W-hat about y-ou?" She looks at a Peter and Jasper with fear then looks back to me. "Isabella can take care of herself, Angie, and if any vampire is stupid enough to touch or harm her while she is under Volturi protection, then may the devil have mercy on that poor vamps soul." My dad says loudly and eyes James as he passes me on his way to the door. "Ugh, I hate that man." My dad shakes his head, not caring that James can hear him. My dad turns to look at Peter then Jasper before offering his hand to Peter first then Jasper. "I'm Charlie Swan and you are?" Before anyone can say anything a small blonde female vamp breezes through the door. "Sorry I'm late guys; did I miss Peter getting a tattoo and crying like a little bitch?" Wow, I like this girl already. The woman grins at me and my dad as she wraps her tiny arms around Jasper's waist. "No you haven't Charlotte, but you did miss him flirting with Bella here, and her pussy cat..." At this my dad and I bust out in fits of laughter. Charlotte face is priceless because she has yet to see Nero. "He's talking about the panther." Peter points to Nero and Charlotte steps around him and smiles down at her. "Will she let me pet her?" The woman asks as she takes a step forward. I shrug my shoulders. "She seem to like those two just fine." I point to Peter and Jasper as Charlotte kneels down and immediately gets licked on the face like Jasper did. "Oh my goodness she is so beautiful. Yes you are; you're such a pretty girl, aren't you?" Charlotte scratches Nero's chin as she looks up at me and smiles a mega watt smile. "I'm Charlotte Whitlock by the way." She offers me her hand, then offers it to my dad once she's greeted me properly. "I'm Jasper's mate and Peter biological and twin sister." She smiles as she moves to shake Angela's hand causing the girl to whimper and cower behind my dad. "I'm so sorry; did I do something wrong? I didn't mean to scare her. I won't hurt you hun..." "Angela's just not use to being in the presence of vampires yet and she's just a little skittish when she's around one, its alright." I smile at Charlotte just as my dad gets my attention. "Okay kiddo, I'm gonna to take Angela home then head out to Sue's for the night." My dad kisses the top of my head. "Come on Angela, lets get you home, dear." Once I'm left along with the red eye vamps I grin broadly