" True Intent" ~A Bella & Emmett story~ Bella saves Edward when he runs off to Voltura on his suicide mission. Bella being the caring person that she is; saves him, but after all is said and done, she doesn't want him back. There is another Cullen man that she is after now. And Bella's new love interest is all too happy to make her dreams come true. ENJOY! Chapter one ~Bella~ Three days ago my life took a dramatic turn once again, all because I was pissed at my father and his new family. You see, I thought it would be fun to jump off the cliffs down a the reservation. I've witnessed the wolf pack do it many, many times. I also thought it would be fun as hell, and just maybe Charlie would notice me again. How wrong was I to think that he still cared? If anything, he ignore the fact that I was his damn daughter even more. At least it really was fun. Since he married Sue Clearwater he completely shut me out of his life. He told me that I could continue to live in his house until he sold it, but after that; I was on my own because I was not welcome to join him and his new family. All because I still love the Cullen's. Once he learned all about the Cullen's and vampires, he called me a leech lover and that no daughter of his would ever associate with vampires. When he told me that, it pissed me off to no end and I lashed out calling him and his and new wife despicable people and asked if they were having an affair before Harry Clearwater kicked the bucket, because the man hasn't even been dead three months. I then ask if they killed him so that they could be together. What shocked me the most was that my dad actually look rather guilty and Sue looked ashamed. I seriously think that they did killed the poor man. Hypocrites, the lot of them, because they had the audacity to call the Cullen's murderers. When in fact they don't drink from humans; only animals. Fucking, murdering assholes. If I ever find any proof, those fuckers are going down, hard. I don't give a shit that Charlie is my father. He told me that I was no daughter of his, so fuck him and his new family! They can kiss my lily white ass for all I care. Hell, I would complain to my mother about whats going on but that bitch told me that she was wanting to start a new family with her new husband and that I should just stay with Charlie. She changed her number the very next day. So I was completely and utterly alone in this god forsaken world. Anyway, Alice saw me jump from the cliff that day but she didn't see Jake pull me out, and since she cannot see the wolves; she thought I was dead. When I finally got back to my house, she was in my living room waiting for someone to get home so that she could get the detail of my death and funeral. I wanted to laugh at the look on her face when I walked in the house. After explaining to her about what all has happened since they left, she got a vision of Edward reading Jasper's mind about my "death" then running off to Voltura to ask them to kill him. He apparently didn't want to live in a world where I didn't exist. Stupid fucker left me; said he didn't want me and that I was just a fucking pet. Why the hell should he care that I was dead or not? In my opinion, I think it all revolves around my blood and the way it sings or calls to him. Either way, the fucker is completely demented. So Alice and I got our asses on a plane and flew all the way to Italy to stop him from doing some stupid shit that he couldn't take back. At the last second I was able to save him, but the Volturi wouldn't let us leave. They wanted to kill me because I knew too much and Eddie boy didn't intend on turning me. Alice just glared at her brother then showed Aro that I would become a vampire soon, that she would turn me if she had to. Edward didn't like that at all but kept his mouth shut until we left Italy, and an hour away from landing at SeaTac. "Bella." Edward leans over Alice's tiny frame to look at me. I refused to set by him and that right there should of told him that I do not intend to get back together with him. He abandoned me and I cannot forgive that. "I know that you're mad at me for leaving you and I am truly sorry, but I really do love you and I don't intend to ever leave you again. I promise that I…" "Stop right there, Edward!" I hold my hand up while shaking my head. "I've had nearly six months to come to terms with you abandoning me and all the terrible things that you said to me on the day that you left me. I just want to say that you made the right choice. At first I was devastated by you leaving me the way that you did, but I've come realized that we are just not meant to be. We are two very different people, Edward." I sigh and close my eyes. "I also realize that a majority of that pain that I felt when you all left me, was because you took everyone away from me. Your family meant more to me than anything and you selfishly took that away from me." I sigh as I lean my head back. "Look Edward, you will always have a place in my heart, but I'm just not in love with you anymore. Like you said in the woods that day; I was just a distraction to you, and I really do believe that you never loved me at all; just my silent mind and the call of my blood." I mumble the last part so only the vampires could hear me. "Bella, please don't do this to us?" I shake my head and look to Alice for a little help while I grab my Ipod and turn my music up. "You did this to us, not me." I mumble, knowing that he heard me loud and clear. I close my eyes and tune everyone out as I set back and listen to my play list. I crack one eye open and look at Alice because she's moving around in her seat. Even though I can't hear them, I can tell that Alice is trying to reason with him by the way she keeps throwing her hand in the air and shaking her head, but I can tell that Edward will not give up so easily by the stubborn look he is give my pixie sister. Why now? Why does he want me back now? I know that he didn't have any plans to come back for me and that he didn't miss me at all, by what Alice has told me about his current activities with the ice queen. So what's changed now? I guess it's true what they say. Men always want what they can't have. Or, is it the grass is always greener? Hell, I don't know what his fucking deal is. I do know that I will never take him back; I'd sooner die a thousand painful deaths than do something that stupid, again. So…too bad for him, he can never have me, ever again. Over the months that I have been alone, I've come to realized that I'm not and never was in love with Edward. I'm in love with someone else, and Edward help me see that when he left me alone in the woods that day. It was like I never meant anything to him, and that alone helped me realize that he didn't mean that much to me; not like I thought he did. You see, at first I thought I was going to die from Edwards absence, but over time I realized that Edward and I were not meant to be, that he wasn't what was missing in my life. Yes, I loved him once upon a time, and on some far off and very distant level, I always will have some form of feelings for him, and that does mean something to me. But Edward is not my destiny and never has been. Over the months I have thought about it, and thought about it some more, and I've come to the realization that when I think about the entire Cullen family as a whole, I see that I missed them all as a family; my family. They were the family that I have always wanted. A mother that I didn't have to take care of. Esme took care of me like a true mother should and I miss that so much. She made me feel special and loved. I seriously miss that motherly love from her. She truly is a wonderful mother. Way better than my mother ever could be. Then there is Carlisle. He's the father that discusses things with me and talks to me. He isn't shy or distant, and he doesn't judge me, on anything. He makes me feel like a child again and when I think of how he told me that I would always be his daughter, I feel my heart breaking over and over again. They truly are my parents; more so than my real parents could hope to be. I get the same feeling when I think of Alice, but she's my sister in every sense of the word, but blood. She's my best friend and I love her dearly. I have missed our small arguments over shopping and the way I like to dress. I miss her wonderful advise on life and love. I miss and love her, and the wonderful person that she is. I miss how she use to scream at Edward when he would yell and growl if Jasper tried to talk to me or got too close to me. God I missed my sister, so damn much. I never really got the chance to know Jasper because he was fairly new to the animal diet and like I said before, Edward would throw and damn tantrum if he got too close to me. So we never formed much of a bond, but I have always wanted him to be the big brother that I never had. I don't and never did blame him for my birthday fiasco; that is his nature and I understand and respect that completely. I remember looking him dead in the eye the moment I cut my finger. I could tell that he was struggling but he didn't lung at me until Edward threw me into the glass plates. And to add fuel to that inferno; Jasper was feeling everyone's blood lust, not just his own. My blood sings to Edward like no other and Jasper felt that plus all the others blood lust, on top of his own. That, in my opinion, makes him so much stronger than even Carlisle and that in it's self deserves nothing but respect. It pissed me off when Edward said that Jasper was the weakest link in the family. He didn't understand, or wanted to even hear that Jasper could feel the same pull for my blood that Edward did. Needless to say, I am very proud of Jasper and the strength and control that he has shown. With Edward reading everyone's thoughts; he should know this and he more than likely does. He just needs someone to blame other