"Taking my mate" series 1) "The Major's fun " (before Bella meets the Cullen's) 2) "What are you?" (The day Bella met Edward) 3) ? Yes I do intend to update as much as I can on all my other stories and the stories in this series, I may have to end one of the stories in the "Taking my Mate" series after two or three chapter but I will write as much as I can and keep it going as long as I can. *Ok so the characters in the "Taking my Mate" series are extremely OOC especially in this one* ((OH, AND I DON'T OWN TWILIGHT)) ENJOY! " What are you?" Chapter 1| Bella Oh lucky me! Why, oh why are all these people looking at me? Have they never met or seen a new person before? I mean come on I'm not even that special and my dad owns a lot of guns and has the power to arrest people! So I ask again; why in god's name, have I been asked out four times in the past three damn hours. Boys are just plain stupid! I haven't even finished my first fucking day and already the wolves are descending. "Hey Bella, you want to sit with us?" The first loser that asked me out today approaches me as I pay for my coke. I always forget to bring a drink with my lunch but that's the only thing I'll buy in a school cafeteria. Nasty shit is what it is! "No thanks Mike neutered!" I tell him loudly with an evil grin. "It's Newton, Bella" he looks hurt but my give a damn broke a long time ago. "And if you continue to harass me; neutered will be much more suitable after I'm done with you!" I hear a boisterous laugh from the table next to the one I'm headed for. As I approach I notice all the surrounding tables are vacant; it's like all the students are giving these guys a wide berth. I wonder how they keep the gnats away. I toss my bag on the table and set in the corner so that my back is not turned to the mass population of forks high. "Damn, she's bitchier than you Jasper" The same giant that was laughing before, smacks some one beside him on the back and…was that a growl? I turn to the table and openly study them while I eat. The giant has the most honest and endearing face but his size is rather intimidating. I cut my eyes to the blond model beside him and wow; if I was into women, I'd be all over that! I give her a little wink just to mess with her before I move to my next target. Awwwe she is just adorable; so tiny and bouncing on her seat like a toddler on red bull! I move to my next target quickly before I grow a heart. Hey it could happen! Anywho, Back to my observation; I cut my eyes to the right of the tiny girl and have suppress a snort. Now this Howdy Doody looking mofo is sporting the craziest hair I'd ever seen. He's cute but his looks are that of a metro sexual teen that hasn't discovered his true sexuality yet. His skin looks more cared for than mine and I'm a meticulous bitch when it comes to my skin, teeth and Hair! I wonder if he would share his secret, anyway moving on. I have to strain my neck to get a good look at the guy setting on the other side of the giant and fuck me running, that is no high school student; he is a man, a very sexy, strong and oh so edible man. His hair is blond, wavy and just past his ears; his chiseled jaw is begin me to molest it with my tongue, same goes for those lips that are currently turned up in a satisfied smirk at the moment and I can tell he's watching me but he's not looking directly at me like I am him. Shit I'm gawking! I set back in my chair and begin to blink rapidly and shaking my head to clear it. What the hell just happened? I have never wanted someone so much in my life! I got to get the hell out of here. I jump up and quickly gather my things; I notice I have to pass their table to get to the door so I graciously as I can strut my lily white ass right past them and as soon as I'm in full sight of the blond sex on leg that is still smirking at me; I stop and look around at all the pretty people setting beside him, then train my gaze back on the blond god and wink. "Sup" I chuckle and continue on to my next class early. "Hi, I'm Bella Swan" I tell the teacher as I walk in what looks like your typical high school biology lab. Cool maybe I'll set someone on fire with the Bunsen burner. Yes I'm a pyro and it's only by accident but I own that shit, with pride! "Ah, Miss Swan it's nice to finally meet you; I'm Mr. Melina. Do you have your pink slip?" He asks just as I have the paper ready for him to sign. "Right then, you will be partners with Mr. Cullen and your seat is right here." He leads me to a lab table like I'm too stupid to find it on my on. I hope this Cullen dude is flame retardant because my accidents are more like deliberate circumstances that are very well planned out by a higher power. I've never really set someone on fire before but hey, I'm Bella Swan and there is first time for everything! I sit down just as the bell rings and students start to trickle in. "Bella" Mike smiles as he passes me. "Neutered" I respond just as someone set next to me. I look up and see I'm sitting next to Howdy Doody. Oh this is gonna be fun! I wonder if I should warn him not to wear so much flammable hair gel; meh, I let him figure it out! "Cullen I presume?" I raise my eyebrow at him because the guy looks as if he's about to have a psychotic break or cum in his trousers at any given moment, I can't tell for sure which one will happen first, maybe both. After a weird staring contest that I so kicked his ass at; he nods his head once and scoots his chair as far away from me as he can. "You have serious issues dude!" I chuckle and turn back to the Mr. Melina that is currently teaching a lesson I have already learned. So I discretely slip my ear buds in and crank up AC/DC as loud as I can. I grin and press my finger to my lips; telling crazypants next to me to keep his mouth shut and I may or may not have slide my finger across my throat in the universal sign that says I'm not fucking around, or some shit like that! I notice the jackass is covering his ears and still holding his breath. If he passes out I'm laughing my ass off because anyone that would do that deserved to be laughed at. I mean seriously, why would he be holding his breathe? I smell better than he does…I've checked! I feel my ear buds being snatched from my ears and look up to a scowling teacher "I don't want to see these in my class again Miss Swan!" "Sure thing, teach!" I smile and turn my music off just as there's a loud knock on the door. When Mr. Melina opens the door I damn near choke on my own tongue. The Blond sex on legs is leaning his sexy ass against the door frame as he casually hands teach a note. I hear a growl next to me that kind of sounded like he was trying to say "Mine" but I'm not sure so turn to Mr. weirdo and give him the stink eye for his troubles. "Miss swan" Mr. Melina calls out and I grin at him making him roll his beady little eyes. "You're needed in the Gym." "Why in the hell am I needed in the Gym?" I blurt out causing the students to laugh and teach to glare. "Sorry, but I really don't understand why a person such as myself would step foot in a gym; I'm as clumsy as they come, seriously I can and will trip over air. I even tripped over my own shadow once. Hey, they don't need someone to clean it do they, because my janitorial skills are just as bad if not worse than my walking skills." I stop and smile at a worried looking teach. "Um, I think they just need to size you for your gym clothes." "What!" I grab my stuff and jump from my seat and smile. "I'll just go settle this right now; I refuse to attend a class that was designed by a person with a jockstrap fetish!" I begin to stomp toward a chuckling sexy man but I catch my foot on Casper the sketchy ghost and stumble but somehow I manage to stay up right; that little bastard follow me everywhere. "You see!" I shake my head as I walk out the door with the parting words of "What in the sam hell just happened?" come from a confused Mr. Melina; causing me to chuckle. I'm not paying attention to where we're going because I got quite the view of tall and sexy's ass as he leads the way. Imagine shock when I'm being shoved in a big ass truck and sexy kidnapper is buckling me in and winking at me. "What the hell; this isn't the damn gym!" "Your and observant one aren't you darlin'" he chuckles and before I know what's happening the man with the plan is sliding into the driver seat. "The name's Jasper Whitlock and it's a pleasure to be your abductor." "Ok so why are you taking me and where the fuck are we going?" I cross my arms over my chest. "Well darlin' my ex-wife s-" "I knew you were too old for high school!" I shout and grin at my keen observation. "Are you callin' me old Bella?" he looks at me as I shake my head. "Not what I meant cowboy!" I wink at him. "So then tell me you crazy girl; what did you mean?" "Eh" I wave him off. "It'll just give you a big head!" "Explain." Was that a growl? "Fine I just thought you looked more, manly than the rest of the male population of the school" I shrug and roll my eyes at his stupid grin. "Something about the way you dominate people without so much as a word!" "So you like men that dominate, huh?" I huff and nod because it's true. I really hate immature boys, mainly because I'm plenty immature myself. I don't need to be around other dumbass'; that just spells disaster in my book! And who doesn't like to be dominated? "What's it matter to you, unless you plan on me developing Stockholm syndrome." I shrug again as he continues to chuckle. "You never know who or what you're meant to be with Bella!" "What do you mean "what"? I study him as he grins. "You'll find out eventually." He smiles as he reaches over and grabs my hand. "Look I didn't mean for our first meeting to happen this way but shit happened that put your life in danger and I can't have that so that is why I took you, and I'm sorry, but you can never go back to your old life again." He shakes his head and his