Beautiful by Lacadiva Rating: PG/PG 13 for violence. Synopsis: Legolas is abducted, brutalize, and sold into slavery. The daughter of a slave trader, taken by his physical beauty, frees him, and ultimate joins forces with the Prince of Mirkwood to liberate as many slaves as they can before they are forced to face the hangman's noose. I approached him cautiously. Even the most beautiful creatures can be quite deadly, if one is not careful. I stood as close as I deemed safe. Tears sprang to my eyes. My knees knocked under my silken gown. My heart beat so hard I could hear it thundering in my ears. " What's your name?" I asked slowly, fearfully, gently, praying he would answer. He did not for a long time. He was so in pain, so wrecked and mistreated by the hands of my father's employees, that I longed to take a dagger to every one of them for their crimes. He moved his sweet lips to speak. Blood spilled in a thin river down his chin. He closed his eyes as if he would fall into unconsciousness. And then he said a word, one I did not understand. He repeated it. And then he spoke in the common language of men. " Water…." I am not my father's daughter. Biologically, yes, I am his seed. Over this I have no control. But we see very little the same way. We have never agreed on what is right and what is wrong. I am Ieloren, daughter of Ilucida, deceased third wife of Pagranan, sentenced to die at sun's rise. Pagranan, my father, once said that slavery was a necessary evil (though I do not believe he ever thought of it as evil). The buying and selling of men and women, according to his conveniently flexible philosophy, was simply a matter of economics, of supply and demand. So long as the people demanded it, he would enthusiastically supply it. I confess that I did not always think of it as a vile and abhorrent institution that should be abolished at all costs, as I do now. I did not always believe that all men and women, no matter their kind or size, should be free to pursue their own way. It is only recently that I have come to understand that no one can or should belong to another as property. Even in a marriage, a contract can be broken if it is the will of one spouse or the other. For these recently cultivated beliefs and my actions in support of them, I am in chains, not unlike those who I fought to liberate. I accept my fate wholeheartedly and willingly die for my cause. I am not afraid. Well, perhaps a little. And I will admit only one regret: that the one who inspired me to live my new-found conviction will die with me. Would that I could set him free now. But he sits in a cell across from me, and sings. He has been singing in that soft, lilting voice for hours. He sings and I listen, and my heart is calmed and spirits lifted, despite the hangman's noose I know awaits us. At first the guards demanded that he be silent. But he continued to sing in gentle melodic protest. His voice must have reached into their hearts – indeed, their very souls – for their demands have ceased, and all has become quiet but for the sound of his songs. I do not understand the words, but intellectual understanding is irrelevant. It is what my heart hears that matters. I wish I could save him now. When he becomes silent, I miss his music, mostly because without it my thoughts return to my past, and I wish only to meet my future, even if it will end with a slow and painful death in a few short hours. I remember, many times, especially in my youth, my father would try to force upon me his way of thinking, parading the choicest slaves before me, bidding me pick one for my own. As a child, I chose not servants but playmates, friends, equals. They ultimately were ripped from me, put out to till the soil and harvest the fields, labor in horse stables, taken as personal servants – toys – or sold away. And I was left abandoned, alone, in misery. As I finally grew into maturity, I came to hate my father and what he did for a living. For the lives he has destroyed. But he would always attempt to point out to me the many lives he had enriched for his labor – including my own. We lived a life of blatant excess and luxury few people will ever experience. It has paid for my extensive education (though I was never encouraged to use this education. T'was merely a method of adding value to me in attracting a husband of high station who could afford to pay an otherwise unreasonable bride-price). It clothed me in fine garments, rich in color and exquisitely made. It had me bedecked in the jewelry of kings and queens. I wore these things yet deep in my heart I yearned for the simple warmth of a journeyman's harsh wool cloak and the weight of an adventurer's sword at my side. Instead of a bed of soft down and satins, I desired to sleep on the hard ground under the stars, with none but leaves to cover me and a small fire to keep away the cold. You may laugh at my folly if you wish. Many already do. And they will laugh the hardest when my body swings and my neck is broken by the rope. "Ieloren," I hear his strong and gentle voice call out from his cell. I move quickly to grasp the bars, longing to see his luminous face and piercing eyes despite the darkness. "I am here, Legolas." "Read to me." "My journal?" "Yes." I am hesitant. I am so ashamed of my old life. Not for what I have become, but for what I was before my friend across the way brought truth to set my spirit free. "I would rather hear you sing," I say to him, hoping he will grant my heart this request. "Please," he insists. I acquiesce, and open my tattered journal, the one thing they allowed me to keep in my imprisonment. I hold it under a thin stream of moonlight straining through the barred window. I read: "I swore that on my twentieth birthday I would leave this house and I would accept whatever harsh life came to me, if only God grant me the ability to fight against my father's ways. But I stand here in my chamber - my gilded cage – on my twenty-second birthday and hate myself for my cowardice, for still being here. I realized early on, but was far too ashamed to admit the truth that haunts me now: I am as much a slave in my father's house as any who work the fields or the kitchens or the stables. I am his property, to do with as he pleases, to go where he says go, and do as he says do, until I am given over in marriage for a price – sold – and ownership of me is transferred to my husband. Would that I had the strength to take my own life." "I am grateful," he says, "that you never found that particular strength." "So am I," I say, and smile. I am now twenty-four, and devoted to the heart and cause of the man who speaks to me in the darkness. "Read on. Please." Again, I acquiesce. "A member of the house of Peer Pagranan may not toil. My every wish is granted, my every whim entertained. I long for nothing, for I need only ask. I need nothing, for I have anything I could ever want. I am a creature condemned to a life of stillness. I may expend no energy, or do anything more strenuous than run a comb through my own hair, (though there are those who stand willing to do that for me); more arduous than lift a bejeweled goblet to my lips, more enervating than step into a warm bath drawn by anxious to please servants. I reach up to wipe sweat from my brow, and there is someone to fan away the oppressive heat. I reach for knife to core an apple to find it instantly on a gold plate before me, perfectly sliced. There is even someone to be sure that I do not kick the covers from my body at night, or risk a chill. I hate my life." "Do you hate it now?" "No," I say, "for I learned to love my life the day I met you." "Your words are kind." Quiet between us returns, and I go back to read aloud my journal again. "Did I not mention that I had never been outside my home, further than the gates of our property? Though the land is quite extensive, I knew nothing of what lay beyond my father's estate. I once tried to escape, dressed as a messenger servant, riding the fastest horse my father owned. I only wanted to see what was beyond the gate. I was terrified of going farther. Before my goal was in sight, I was surrounded by my father's guards, and forced back to the house. There, my father, sparing me a lecture (which, under the circumstances I would have preferred), took up a cane and ten times across my exposed back made his law for my life unquestionably clear. I still bear the raised scars from that beating, and several others from scattered incidents of rebellion over the years. "I hate my father," I say out loud, though I did not mean to, as I closed my tattered journal. And, sadly, strangely, even though he signed the execution order, I will always love him. It occurs to me that the things I will miss in this life are few, with the exception of sitting in my chamber and staring from my balcony – which faces the sunset, and watching the supernatural burst of color at the end of every day. "Ieloren," he calls. "Yes, Legolas?" "Tell me the story again. Of the day I arrived." "Only if you will tell me your recollections again." "I promise," he said. "I can think of no greater way to spend what time we have left." I do not need the journal for this. I take a deep breath and begin. "The day you arrived, I sat, like so many other days, waiting for the sunset which was still perhaps an hour away, when one of father's servants beckoned me join him. A new load of slaves had just been delivered from the ships, and as always, father is given the pick of the litter before he auctions them off at sundown. As it was my birthday, my father thought it would be a good opportunity to again sway me to his way of thinking by offering me a slave or two to use as I saw fit. It was my usual behavior to refuse. Why on this day I accompanied my father's servant I can only say was a quirk of fate. Perhaps the hand of your Valar, perhaps the guiding voice of my Deity whispering in my ear, urging me to go. For whatever reason, I went. And on that day I discovered the true reason for my existence. You." "When I arrived the gathering place, the newly arrived slaves were all lining up. They were heavily chained, standing weakly in the harsh sun. Men, women, children. Strong and frail, sick and near dead. From races I had seen before, and some I had not. Soon they would be taken to the auction block, where the rich would poke and pry and assess and