It was the type of cold night that that sent of a rush of energy into one's body, telling them to move, to do something. But I did not do that, no instead I did pretty much the exact opposite of what my body wanted me to do. I sat on the cold snowy ground, leaving a Percy Jackson butt print in the snow, and looked up at the stars. Well maybe my rebellious action lost a little something because I was willing myself to stay dry, but hey I was still ignoring the cold. The only light apart from the moon and stars being the glow of anaklusmos laying on the ground in front me, my sword should bareing witness to the sky as much as I tonight. For about half an hour now I have been out here looking up at the sky and stars, and just reflecting on my life and the things I have been through. I know, I know most people would say that me and deep thoughts are two things that don't belong together, but I guess life has forced me to change. Of course I know what has brought about this change... Tartarus. My friends and family don't know of my struggles, because I have done my best to hide those effects from them. The graphic nightmares that make me bolt upright from sleep, drenched in sweat. Gasping for breath, feeling like I am still in that suffocating heat and drinking from a fire river The only person who knows what I am going through is Annabeth, and that is because she went through that hell with me. Of course my wise girl had to put a smart label on the situation, and I quote "Tartarus was an overwhelming living evil entity, of course it was going to leave an imprint on us." She says things for us will get better in time, and gods I hope that is true for the both of us. As it is now, we have been staying at camp as much as possible ever since we got back from the quest. Every night Annabeth and I sneaking off to the beach, or my cabin, just to hold one another as we slept. To have a comforting presence help us both sleep through the night. Most of the time the idea has worked pretty well, and the times where one of us is awakened by nightmare, we talk each other through it. Then before the sun rises, Annabeth would sneak back to her cabin before the other awake. Either no one has noticed what we are doing, or have been nice enough not to confront us about it, either way I am grateful... also having a girlfriend with a once again working invisibility cap helps. Of course our idea of coping doesn't work real with Annabeth visiting her family on the west coast. So I am fully expecting my winter break to suck with sleep deprivation and me probably being grumpy. Looks like I am Scrooge this Christmas... I guess Bah Humbug. I am getting off track here though, my current problems are only partially the reason I am sitting at the edge of the forest, looking at the stars, when my mom and Paul are waiting for me to arrive in Montauk to celebrate the holidays. Well it is a little different than my usual tradition I started years ago. You see I am not exactly staring at the stars, but one constellation in particular. "You know I usually turn men who stare at my huntresses in jackalopes," a young girl's voice said from behind me and I nearly jumped out of my skin in surprise. I looked behind me, and there was a girl in her younger teens with Auburn hair looking at me with a glare, but the amused look in her silver eyes betrayed her. I immediately went to stand and bow, but the goddess held up a hand to stop me. "No need for formalities tonight Perseus, besides we have been through much together bowing is not necessary." Even with her word I still bowed towards her from where I sat, "If you wished for men not to stare at your huntress, maybe you should not have put such a beautiful constellation in the sky immortalizing her." The goddess raised an eyebrow at me, "History or not, I am slightly curious to what you would look like as a jackalope. My lieutenant could always use a pet." I began to wonder if my smart mouth was about to get me in trouble again, and then the Artemis's features softened and she smirked. Apparently Artemis was in a forgiving mood tonight. "Thalia has the same problem with insolent behavior, you two are very much alike. You are lucky I have grown accustomed to it." I gave a small bow in appreciation for her forgiveness. I may be insolent but not suicidal. Artemis's next moved shocked me more than her surprise appearance, as she sat down next me with her legs laid out in front of her. If I didn't know she was an all powerful goddess, I would think she looked cute sitting there in her silver snow gear. Then I noticed the Artemis's brows furrow in a scowl and I followed her gaze to the image of Zoe in the stars... what were they doing. "Is Zo... I mean the huntress twinkling?" it probably didn't make any difference, but putting Zoe and twinkling in the same sentence didn't seem right. Then again huntress wasn't much better... maybe Annabeth's loving nickname isn't wrong I thought. "It seems" Artemis said in an exasperated tone "that Zoe finds our conversation of some amusement." I looked from the stars back to the goddess and I am sure my shocked expression made me look like an idiot, "Zoe... she can hear us?" As soon as I said it I knew it was a stupid question, Artemis just said as much. Still sometimes question had to be asked... hmm maybe Annabeth is Athenaness is starting to rub off on me. "Yes she is quite capable of focusing in on places and conversations if she so chooses. My guess is she has been watching you as you's have been looking up at her," the goddess mused and the constellation seemed to grow brighter in affirmation. "Isn't it only her image up there?" I asked. Was there another option of where you get to spend your afterlife? "It is," Artemis confirmed and my puzzled expression made her decide to continue the explanation, "Zoe resides in a special section of elysium with my other fallen hunters. However since the Huntress constellation was made in Zoe's image out her essence, she can choose to see out from it if she wishes." "And our attention to her drew her attention," I said slowly hoping I understood that right. Artemis only nodded and I looked back the Huntress with a new level of understanding, "Uh hi Zoe... uh sorry for staring," I fumbled for greeting. There wasn't exactly a guide to greeting a dead friend who was now a bunch of stars. The Zoe image went through several different shades in what suspiciously seemed like her rolling her eyes at me, and when Artemis burst into laughter I felt like I guessed correctly. When Artemis laughed I felt myself redden in embarrassment, but I laughed as well. I had never heard Artemis laugh before, and I doubted many had before... especially those of my gender. The sound was gentle and had a melodious quality to it, and I thought it was shame that Artemis probably didn't laugh that much. I always thought Artemis was the most stern and closed off of all the goddesses, that she was continually expected to embody strength and self-sufficiency. Containing all the emotions that her enemies or even the other Olympians could see as a weakness. Sitting there and hearing that laugh made me wonder if that was who she truly was, or just the image she portrayed to those around her. If it was the second, then my current nightmares of Tartarus seemed like a much lighter burden to carry. Snapping out of my musings I decided to try to save of my dignity, "And how did you know I was here Lady Artemis? Is Thalia and the hunters nearby?" The goddess finally got her laughter under control at the question, and I swore I could see a tear running down her cheek furthest from me. My guess was the tear was in part due to our conversation, but mostly the thought of Zoe's presence being here. I had to admit I felt a stirring in my chest at the thought also. "No, we are currently camped in Maine right now. Thalia persuaded me to keep the hunt in a "Christmassy" environment for the holidays," Artemis's tone was that of annoyance but something told me she looked forward to spending time with her hunters in a relaxed environment. "As for you, I spotted you from my chariot on my way to the Solstice meeting. Seeing as how it doesn't start for awhile yet, I thought I would come down and confront you about your stareing." "Or you find speaking to me more tolerable than dealing with the rest of the council for longer than you have too," I challenged back in a playful tone, and I swore I saw the huntress get brighter in agreement of my deduction. "Slightly more tolerable," Artemis grudgingly admitted. "As a male I am humbled by your admission," I said continuing to push my luck. I was sure Zoe was now watching and waiting for me to be turned into a jackalope. Artemis huffed at the observation, "As far as your gender goes you've proven yourself to be an exemption on several occasions. However your tongue has grown quite bold and you dance with the furry animal line of my tolerance." Artemis's tone suggested she wasn't quite as annoyed as she let on, but I decided I would try to reign in my runaway mouth. "Now Perseus may I know what you are doing out here so deep in thought. Even the minotaur could have snuck up on you." I sighed at the question, I didn't feel like telling the goddess of my problems, but I knew lying to her was not an option. Lying to the goddess of the hunt was probably a surefire ticket to a few links down on the food chain. However maybe I could start out with only part of the truth, "I think about Zoe every year on this day." "The anniversary," Artemis said softly in whisper that anyone not as close as we were wouldn't hear. "Yeah," I said in a somber voice, "I remember them all on the days they died... I mean the friends that I lost... makes my birthday a bittersweet occasion," I added the joke on at the end hoping to lighten the mood, but the goddess seemed to have latched on to another part of my statement. "You think of Zoe as a friend?" the goddess asked curiously. The shock of the statement keeping her from noticing a male presumed to refer to one of her hunters as a friend. I nodded and gazed back at the huntress, "I may have only known her for a short time, but in the short time of the quest she showed me all the qualities I like in my friends. If she had survived I hope she would have thought the same, or at least put me in the tolerable male column." For a moment Artemis just sat there speechless looking at the constellation. She wouldn't admit it, but it felt good to know somebody else thought of Zoe as highly as she did. Sadly there were not that many hunters left that remembered Zoe. "I believe she would have felt the same," Artemis choked