A/N: Hey, everyone! I'm back with yet another story, which is an AU! For those of you who are a little more familiar with me, I don't really like over-used AU concepts. And in this case, I consider this a pirate AU, which has kind of been used a lot. But, it's not really your traditional swash-buckling story. If anything, it just takes place in the Golden Age of Piracy. Of course, there will be plenty of plundering, sword/gun fights, and, as always, a little romance. So, if you came for a goofy story with Captain Percy and his band of demigod pirates, you came to the wrong place. But, for those of you who haven't clicked away yet, I hope you thoroughly enjoy the story! Rating: T for violence, some language, and very minor adult themes. Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters. Each and every one of them belongs to Rick Riordan. The Raider Headhunt I:The Roi of Riches In the origin years of The Golden Age of Piracy, in 1650, European settlers were once again allowed passage into the New World. Settlers surged in from Europe, intrigued by the riches and wealth that could be reaped from the foreign land. And, following the siege of Port Royal, located in Jamaica, from the Spanish, English settlers especially benefited from the New World, as well as pirates, merchants, and sailors alike. New life could be found there, but often times, it came at a severe and corrupt cost. A cost that was filled with bloodied hands and throats slit in the night. And for one family in particular, it would be too late to truly realize, as well as prevent that very violence that would come to destroy them… White, V-shaped forms drifted freely above the sea over the sharp blue contrast of the sky. They glided through the choppy air for a few moments, before diving downwards, towards the dark water. Occasionally, after their brief scrape-in with the sea, they would appear again, a fish or two clamped under their beaks. She would smile faintly if they did end up being successful in their attempts at getting food. But she eventually faltered when she realized what she was doing. "God..." She muttered under her breath, sliding her elbow away from its resting spot on the windowsill. A sharp slap cut through the air, followed by a stinging pain in her left hand. "Lady Chase!" Her senior nurse cried out beside her, a shocked expression on her face. She clutched the hand to her chest from the surprise, "Why on earth would you do that?" "You know your father would do much worse to you if he heard you talking like that, my Lady," She said, her aged face softening slightly. "You're right..." The nurse resumed brushing through her hair a minute longer, before leaning back to examine it. She shooed the other women who stood about fixing and adjusting things here and there on the girl. They backed away, almost gracefully, their heads bowed until their chins touched their chests. "Beautiful," She said, "But is that truly much of a surprise when we're talking about you, my dear Annabeth?" "I can hardly breathe," She protested to the nurse, "This dress will squeeze the life out of me!" She regarded Annabeth with a stern expression, "Now, my Lady, we must not complain about such petty things. Come, your mother and father are expecting you." "At such an early hour?" Annabeth inquired, "Of course," The nurse held out a hand, steadying Annabeth as she rose from her chair. Her chambermaids came forward once more in order to give her dress one final glance-over, pecking away like chickens at her feet for any remnants of dirt or any stray pieces of hair of sorts. "You didn't forget the date already?" Annabeth glanced up at her with a dumbfounded glance. They hurried out of her room, down the hall leading to the stairwell. "It's the fourteenth of June, my Lady." She blinked a few times at this announcement, "Oh...Of course." Annabeth's eyes drifted up, as if they were trying to roll back in order to search into her mind. Had it already been another six months added to the timeline? That would make it the eighth six-month interval, four years spent there, overseas, and away from England. Her eyes slowly revolved from the ceiling to the left, where windows lined the walls when there weren't paintings making up for the spare space. She stared out across the ocean, longingly, as if she could somehow, someway, spot the shoreline of her old home on the horizon. The view that the windows provided cut off suddenly, as they entered the stairwell leading downstairs. Annabeth nearly slipped down the steps, but her nurse intervened by grabbing her wrist. "Lady Chase!" "Yes, sorry," Annabeth muttered apologetically. "One more step and you would've had a nasty fall." She placed her foot on the next stair down, only this time with a little more caution. Her chambermaids and nurse assisted in lifting the many layers of fabric that made of Annabeth's dress as a precaution. Annabeth continued down the stone steps leading down a spiral shape. "I always dread this date, and I always will," Her nurse scoffed. "That makes two of us, nurse." The nurse caressed Annabeth's shoulder in reassurance. "As long as I'm by your side, my dear, no harm will come to you from those-those... Animals that call themselves men. Not before they get through me." Annabeth stuttered over her words for a moment, "Nurse..." "Oh, never mind me. The wrong thoughts simply came out into words. I'll hold my tongue in the future, my Lady, I'm sorry." She shook her head, "There's no need to apologize." Finally, they reached the bottom of the staircase. The chambermaids continued to hike up the backside of the dress fabric. The group of women continued onwards, towards the dining room where Annabeth's mother and father were waiting for her. At the end of the hall, they approached the doors leading to the aforementioned room. A pair of her father's men stood guard. Her nurse gave her one final glance-over, "Remember," She said, " Manners ." Annabeth laughed faintly, "Nurse, please." "Go on, then. And I'll see you in a little while." The two men heaved the massive doors open for Annabeth, and she nodded to them once in gratitude. Long but empty wooden tables were laid out through the dining room, and one at the far end of the massive room faced her. Her parents sat at it, also facing her. She could see her father rise from the table, arms outstretched, "Annabeth, my dear!" He called, his voice cheery, "Come, sit, and join your mother and I for breakfast!" Annabeth rounded the edge of the table, taking a seat beside her mother, "Good morning mother, father." Automatically, she felt uncomfortable with her seating orientation. Isolated, alone, despite the fact that she did have company. Her father had almost always required them to sit side-by-side, rather than across from each other. He was always prepared for receiving visitors, even when it came to table arrangements. "It is a good morning, indeed," Her father sighed almost dreamily, waving a carafe-wielding servant over to Annabeth's direction. Within a few brief moments, her glass was filled with a deep, dark liquid, and she brought the cup up to her nose slowly. Annabeth breathed in slowly, taking in the strong aroma. Coffee, one of the few things she enjoyed that, to her advantage, was plentiful in the New World. A light coat of steam began to condensate on her nose, and she eventually was jarred from her infatuation with the smell by her mother, who nudged her arm, "Careful," She warned, "Or you'll lose the tip of your nose." Annabeth grinned, setting the hot beverage back onto the table top. Her mother returned the kindly smile, the corners of her mouth and eyes crinkling, "You look lovely today, Annabeth." "I appreciate your compliment," She answered, "But I think you should thank the nurse and the chambermaids for my appearance. I had nothing to do with it." Her mother nodded slowly, "I'll keep that in mind, then." Two seats over, Annabeth's father sputtered on his coffee, "Keep that in mind?" He echoed, "It's their job to make her look presentable, my dear! They shouldn't be thanked for something that they're required to do, given that they want to be paid!" Her father laughed wetly, as he still had liquid caught in his throat. It turned into a violent coughing fit again, as he pounded on his chest with a hand curled into a fist. "Of course, Frederick," Annabeth's mother countered, "But this isn't about their requirements. It's about them being aware of our gratitude." He shook his head in disagreement as he continued to hack, "They must be aware of the boundaries. Giving thanks will cause them to slack, become too relaxed in their work. And before long, our precious daughter wouldn't be so beautiful!" Annabeth's hand clenched in her lap, and her eyes narrowed in size at her father's comment. Athena clamped her hand to her mouth. "Please!" Frederick quickly continued, waving a hand, "Do not take that as a personal attack, my dear. I would never let them grow so out of hand. They would be fired before I would let that happen. Do you not think that I know where I'm coming from with these comments, what with my line of work?" "It's not that, my dear. You of all people know how to manage others, and that's especially due to your line of work." Her father nodded slowly, relief on his face, "Good, good." He coughed one final time, before rising from the table. "Well, I suppose I should be off for now, in order to make final arrangements." Her mother frowned, laughing slightly, "Frederick, you've been making final arrangements for the past week now. What more is there to be done?" "Athena," Her father kissed her mother's hand lightly, "My business with Captain Roi is one of the most vital partnerships I have. And my appearance is the most important thing if I am to continue business with him. I promise you, once our usual arrangements have been agreed upon, everything will go back to normal, and you'll have me all to yourself for the next six months." Frederick kissed her hand one final time, before releasing it and rounding the table. He began to jog out of the dining hall, "I promise you!" He repeated over his shoulder. When he had left the room, Athena sighed with contentment, leaning back in her seat. "He hasn't changed a bit since we first met, you know." "Really?" Annabeth asked, astounded, "Because if I fully knew that he was more invested in his business than his own wife and daughter, I would have held off on marrying him." "Annabeth!" She felt a slight twinge of guilt at the sight of her mother's devastated expression and tone of voice, but not much more than that. But Annabeth broke away from her mother's wide-eyed expression. "How could you ever say something so poorly of your father? After all that he's sacrificed, after all that he's done for us-" "After all that he's done for us!" Annabeth repeated angrily. "Yes!" Athena said. She rose from her seat, glaring down at her mother, "I would never call you a naive person, mother, except under the circumstances of speaking about him." Her mother continued to look at Annabeth, wide-eyed and speechless. Annabeth had more than a few negative things she could say about her father, but she held back for the sake of her mother, who appeared to be on the verge of tears as it was. They locked eyes with one another, silent. Eventually, Athena spoke up, "Well," She swallowed, "I'm sorry you feel that way about him. But you would do