My life has been pretty easy actually, mom has always tried to keep things simple, and me happy no matter what it costs her. Something is missing though always has been, I feel it in my bones. My chest feels like this huge elephant is sitting on me making it hard to breathe. At first it wasn't this bad, in fact when I was little I can't remember feeling like this. When I turned 10 is when it really started bothering me. All my friends had both a mom and a dad whether they were divorced or still married both of them were involved in everything school related. All I had was mom, I have no idea who my dad is or any family honestly. Of course I don't hate or blame my mom for this, obviously it's my fault they aren't around. On my fourteenth birthday mom told me she's from La Push where all our family is still at. When she found out she was pregnant with me she left moved here where we now call home. She does not like to talk about my family especially my dad, but she does tell me I look like my great-grandmother and act just like my father. Now that I'm almost 17 it's bugging the shit out of me not knowing who they are. Not knowing if they knew about me or if my dad wanted me. "Nikki!" I closed my book calling Ashes and Oreo inside,"Yeah mom?" "We're moving." She smirked at me. "What the hell for?" I didn't want to move I liked our little house on the beach backing the woods. "Hey now. It's time I go home and face the music." My eyes got wide,"Wait we're moving to La Push?" I was getting excited if she's messing with me I swear to god I'm going to smack her with the frying pan. "Yes, look Nik it's time I quit hiding and you deserve to know your family. You have a huge family and I have to quit hiding from them." I rolled my eyes,"I've asked for five years and when I quit asking is when you decide to move." She set her coffee down while ash and oreo looked between us, "I know Nik but look there are things that happened that I needed to forget and get over. What I did keeping you from them has hurt you more than I ever meant to. I just wanted you to grow up with as normal of a life as I could give you." I scoffed, "Yeah cause we're so fucking normal." "Yeah well go pack. It's a furnished house so just clothes and things ok? Hurry up we're leaving tonight. Boxes are in your room." I nodded, "Ash, Or, come on." They followed me through the house to my room. I stripped my bed and called them up. Ash looked at me with his head cocked, "We're moving boy. We're meeting family." He thumped his tail against the bed. For the past three years he has been my best friend and protector. Of course I have friends, plenty but I wouldn't consider any of them close, they will stab you in the back any chance they get. All except Max, my next door neighbor, he's three years older and was always the brother I never had. At least he's in Seattle so I can see him again. Ash and his dog Pepper are Oreo's parents. I rushed around the room throwing things in the boxes not bothering to fold or make it neat, i'll just unpack when we get there. I just can't wait to leave. Oh my god i'm meeting my family! I squealed like a fat kid on his birthday when they see the cake and junk food. An hour later carried the last box down to my truck covering the bed up with a tarp. Rain is a constant and mom said it won't change in La Push really either. "Ready?" Mom slammed the tailgate closed. I nodded. "Alright follow me if we separated stop in Port Angeles and call me." "Ash, Or, up." They jumped in the truck Ash jumping into the passenger seat while Oreo took his place in the back, "I'll stay behind you. Six hours right?" "Yeah. Look Nik they don't know about you but we'll cross that bridge when it comes." She hugged me to her my head barely reaching right above her boobs. I'm not short but compared to her i'm a midget. I guess I should tell you about me huh. Sorry, my name is Nikalisa Lemia Uley. Yep I said Uley, my mom is Leah Clearwater she said it was only right to name me after family even if they are meshed, and i'm my father's first born so I should have his name. I can tell you i'm not typical native, i'm tan but not like my mom. I have light brown hair and blue eyes, something my mom said I get from my great grandmother Analisa Uley. I'm 5'6 curvy girl 155 pounds, no matter how hard I try I dont get much smaller, I run everyday with my boys and eat right but i'm just toned hippy girl as my mom says. I am very confident in my skin though i'm a pretty girl no matter what anyone says. This trip is taking forever and with moms appetite we stopped often to eat, "Alright mom spill. What the hell made you go back for real?" She put her fork down and looked at me, "Baby listen. When I left 17 1/2 years ago I was a scared little girl. You know of our legends, know what I am." I nodded taking a bite of my salad, "Your dad is an amazing man Nikki. I was completely in love with him and we were engaged to get married. Things happened and he wasn't meant to be with me, but I was so hurt and heartbroken all I wanted was to make him feel that same pain. I kept getting sick and I finally put two and two together I hadn't had a period in three months, but I added it up to stress, lack of sleep, and of course the whole me thing. When I took that test and it was positive that was my sick twisted way of hurting them all of them not just your dad. I took the money I saved up and ran." "What things?" I took a drink while she ate a bite of food. "My cousin Emily came down to visit when we were having our problems. He was hiding things from me and avoiding me even though I was in his head all the time. The last time we were together was the last time I changed," She eyed me and I nodded knowing what she meant, "He left me the next day for Emily. She was his meant to be." I nodded again, imprint, "I hated them, I walked in on them in my bathroom at my dad's funeral. I lost it but for some reason I couldn't change, no matter how angry I got. Now I know she was protecting you." I smiled mom always referred to herself in two different ways herself and the wolf as if they were separate beings. "So you decided to leave because of how heartbroken you are? If they didn't know about me though how is that hurting them?" She rolled her eyes,"Nik you're so weird. You should be yelling at me or something, not just calmly asking questions." I shrugged,"Well I have control over my emotions and I understand on some level I think." "I didn't think like that. To me as long as they never met you and I left that would be hurting them enough. We'll talk about this later once we're there." She threw her arm around my shoulder, "I love you though baby girl. You're the best thing that ever happened to me so quit thinking my leaving is your fault, it's mine and mine alone." She kissed my head and rubbed the boys as she passed them. "Only two more hours boys." Oreo licked my cheek and Ash was thumping his tail as I wrapped my arms around his neck, "Ma we got to stop somewhere to let them out." She nodded and got in. The boys are very intimidating to some people. After that was done and I smoked a cigarette with mom we were on our way. I squealed as we saw the Welcome to Forks sign and started bouncing in my seat as we got closer to La Push. I rolled the windows down and turned up my Luke Bryan cd as the roads continued to wind around until we were right by the beach we were here. I was really here and I felt at home at peace. Something I haven't had since I was ten. Here really wasn't different from Neah Bay just home and surrounded by family, I can feel it. I followed mom through a drive way that wasn't really a drive way luckily we had our trucks. The boys and mom will be happy here surrounded by trees, finally the forest opened up and hidden was the house. It was small but cute wooden cabin. I pulled up by mom right out front. "Boys." They bolted out the truck running around the house, "This is great mom." "Good. Come on let's unload and we'll go get some dinner." I nodded blowing out a breath as I looked around calling the boys back to me. It was all open inside, huge kitchen, which mom knew I would love. Our bedrooms were the same size with our own bathrooms. Mine smaller of course but I don't take baths so just a shower works for me. I will definitely be painting though mint green is not my thing. Thanks to the strength we were unloaded and unpacked in about two hours. I walked back out to the living, "Mom come on i'm starving!" She laughed,"Roles are reversed for once. Come on time to face the music." I wasn't nervous just excited. "Boys." They hopped in the back. I go no where without my boys,"How do you know where they are?" "Today is your Uncle's birthday. They're at the beach. Let's eat first." I nodded as she pulled into the diner. "Stay." They blew out a breath like a huff and laid down. Ash hopping over into the front seat. We walked through the door,"Holy fuck! Leah?!" I shrank back at the awful squeal that came out of this girls mouth. "Hey Becca. Nikki this is Rebecca we grew up together. Rebecca this is my daughter Nikki." She threw her hand over her mouth,"What? No Leah?" "Don't call anyone ok? We're heading to mom's after this." "I won't". She hugged me as she walked out. "You know what they'll have food. Bitch can't keep her mouth shut let's go." She walked while I had to jog to the truck. She sped down to the beach,"Stay up here for a minute ok, keep the boys close. Here." She handed me her cigarettes. I lit one as I watched her disappear to the beach. Cars were pulling in on both sides of me. I hopped up on the tailgate calling the boys up to me. "Ash." He sat quietly at my side as Oreo claimed the other,"Or shh. No growling at people." I took a drag as the people passing stared at us but never approached one look at Ash and they looked down,"Good boys." I scratched their ears as I drew another drag. "Nik!" I turned seeing mom waving at me. I jumped down stomping out my cigarette. "Come." They waited as I shut the gate and walked on each side of me tense,"Relax." Oreo bumped my hand with his nose, as Ash slipped a little ahead of me.