Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. If I did, I wouldn't be here, would I? Parseltongue: " ss" They were losing. A tall, dark-haired man stood at a window, watching the blood red sunset. Perhaps it is an omen, one that does not bode well for my side , he thought. He shook his head. He didn't believe in Divination, even though it was a prophecy that started this war. Fate could not be predicted - it was what a person did, that determined their future. At least, that's what had applied to him. By all rights, he should be a murdering kleptomaniac, but here he was, fighting for what was right. A hero, in the eyes of his supporters. How much longer would it be, he wondered, before his supporters started dying off one by one? When - not if - he was the only one left standing? It was easier to fight one ingenious man. Yet he was fighting two. Two men who shared the same ideals, plans, and, in this war, side. Two men who had decades more of experience and knowledge. Two men who were powerful and master manipulators. There was no point in pondering useless, dismal, disheartening facts . He knew that - it was foolish to do so. Besides, he was analyzing the truth, which could not be changed nor influenced. There was simply no point. No matter how much he wished there was. War made people long for the simple comforts, the almost-necessities of ordinary life. In another lifetime, perhaps, he could have wished and it would have come true by hard work and ambition. But this lifetime? Wishes were made by the foolish and the dreamers. Realists, like himself, would realize that nothing would ever be the same after this war. The world as they knew it, would change. It was only a matter of time. A pale man lying on the ground, flesh burnt by the wrath of love, life taken by the specter of evil. " Kill the spare." A swish of a wand, a flash of blinding green light, the soft thump of a body hitting the ground. A handsome male falling in slow motion into a spectral fabric, never to be seen again. " Neither can live while the other survives." Bright green eyes snapped open, the intense colour appearing to almost glow in the darkness of the room, inside the house of Number Four, Privet Drive. Harry blinked forcefully as he stared up at the blurry ceiling, dispelling the burning feeling behind his eyes - what was the point in tears, anyway, if the minute drops of water couldn't bring back a life? But he couldn't do anything about the choking feeling rising in his throat, the flames of guilt licking at his heart. Sleep is overrated, he thought sourly, the missing hours of sleep suddenly catching up to him. It hit him like a ton of bricks, rendering him fatigued and in a terrible mood. It's certainly not the restful, rejuvenating period everyone says you need. It's either nightmares or Voldemort breaking into my head. Honestly, he says I'm not much of a challenge to him, and if I'm not, what's the harm in letting me sleep ? It was mid July, two weeks into summer break, and he had barely slept. He was exhausted, the signs showing in the dark circles under his eyes and the paleness of his skin even though he spent most of his time outside doing chores for the Dursleys. The Order, it seemed, couldn't really care less as long as he was appearing fed and watered. So what if he looked tired? Maybe he was still grieving for his godfather, they would reason. And Dumbledore - Harry didn't really want much to do with him at the moment. Maybe, if he had known about the prophecy beforehand, he would have figured out that Voldemort was trying to get to it...and Sirius would still be alive. Maybe Harry would have spent more time learning Occlumency. Perhaps Harry would have gotten extra defence lessons or something during the summer breaks to help him stay alive. A spike of pain in his scar made him lose his train of thought, something he was oddly grateful for. Absentmindedly rubbing it, the teen thought, Voldemort's mood swings are as crazy as a teenager's. And exactly who is the teenager between the two of us? Rolling over on the bed, he glanced at the fuzzy bright digits that indicated what the time was. 3:45. Great, Voldemort's turning me into an insomniac. With a quiet sigh that betrayed the weight on his shoulders, he closed his eyes, determined to get some semblance of sleep, lest the Order come calling and stir up a ruckus with the Dursleys. As if they needed any more ammunition to hate him. The sound of an owl hooting loudly and urgently threw all notions of sleep out the window. Harry cracked his eyes open, shooting a questioning glance at Hedwig. "What's going on, girl?" He asked softly, snatching his glasses off the nightstand and slipping out of bed. Hedwig's large amber eyes blinked and her head tilted to the window. The Boy-Who-Lived spared a glance outside, and did a double take. Mr Weasley? What's he doing here? For a moment (a moment of insanity, but he'll never admit that), he amused himself, imagining all kinds of different scenarios. " Harry, I'm afraid that Voldemort has gone on vacation, putting the war on hold so you can focus on your N.E.W.T.s. He sent you a postcard; Dumbledore told me to give it to you." " I don't know how to say this, Harry, but Fudge has been sent a greeting card from Voldemort." " Harry, Voldemort's been turned into a rainbow unicorn and Professor Snape is his mate - thought you should know." He stopped his thoughts from going any further after the last one, shuddering at the mental image. The doorbell, curiously, didn't ring once Mr Weasley had reached the door. Instead, Harry heard the sound of the floor creaking and the soft snick of (what he thought) was the door closing. Suspicion arose, triggering a flurry of movement - snatching his wand from his nightstand and scratching a quick letter on a scrap piece of parchment, all while being as silent as a mouse. He approached Hedwig's cage, anxiety rising with a small dose of fear. Unlatching the rusting latch, he stroked her feathers and quietly murmured, "Take this to Steelclaw at Gringotts." Catching her inquisitive look, he defended, "It's not that I don't trust Mr Weasley, Hedwig. I'm just cautious, is all." A slight bob of her head. Her beak clamped down on the folded up parchment in his hand and the snowy owl soared out the window. Harry watched her fly away, green eyes wistful. The disaster at the Department of Mysteries had opened his eyes, so to speak, and he realized how stupid and foolhardy he was. Lulled into a false sense of invincibility, he was sharply reminded of his mortality as he had faced death once more. Spurred into action, he had reached out to Gringotts, bargaining with the goblins to ensure that they stayed neutral in the upcoming war. It wasn't much, but goblins were fierce warriors. He was jerked out of his thoughts as Mr Weasley called out softly from downstairs, "Harry?" Harry moved through the house silently, his wand in his hand. As he reached the bottom of the stairs, he caught sight of the silhouette of the Weasley male. "Mr Weasley, what are you doing here?" Harry asked, watching the redhead carefully. "Dumbledore said you are in danger, Harry. He sent me to pick you up and you'll spend the rest of the summer at the Burrow," Mr Weasley quickly explained. "Go and pack your things, the Portkey's scheduled to leave in ten minutes." Numbly, Harry did as he was told. Somewhere in between throwing socks and books into his trunk, he wondered, Dumbledore had said I would be safe here. Why would he pull me out and say I was in danger? It doesn't make sense. But he shook his head and continued packing. There was a small niggling thought of, What if this is a trap? What if he isn't actually Mr Weasley? Minutes later, he dragged his trunk down the stairs and stopped a few feet away from the adult redhead. "Mr Weasley, may I ask a question?" A smile. "Of course, Harry." "What did you ask for when you were being treated for your injuries this past year?" Harry questioned, a hand closing on his wand. Is that something a Death Eater would know? They're all purebloods, I think. Mr Weasley blinked. "Why, er, stitches. Why do you ask, Harry?" "Nothing, Mr Weasley. Just wanted to make sure." His hand relaxed. It's him. "Well, leave your trunk, I'll take it after you leave." At this, he thrust an empty soda can at Harry. "Here, it leaves in fifteen seconds." The soda can was cold and smooth underneath his fingers. He barely had a moment to realize it was a Sprite can, before he felt a jerk at his navel and his relatives' house disappeared. And he reappeared in a dark room, seemingly empty but full of movement at the same time. His senses picked up a swishing of cloaks, and then the shadows didn't seem like mere shadows anymore. This is not the Burrow. "Welcome, Harry Potter," an eerily familiar voice hissed behind him. Harry whirled around, his wand in his hand. His green eyes squarely met the red, serpentine eyes of Lord Voldemort. Voldemort laughed, a high, cold sound that chilled Harry to the bone. "So it seems," he murmured, "that a little Boy-Who-Lived lost his way." "You mean, I was fed a story and then was brought here," Harry snarled. It wasn't enough that Voldemort had taken Sirius away from him, it wasn't enough that Voldemort could get in his head, it wasn't enough that he, Harry, had to kill Voldemort or be killed - no, Voldemort had to go and do this too. Voldemort's eyes flashed, his dangerous playful manner gone. "Schematics, dear Harry. I do hope no one was expecting you." "You know very well that no one was expecting me!" Harry hissed, as anger and frustration and a tiny dose of whatishegoingtodotome rose within him. "What a shame," Voldemort drawled, "that the Wizarding World's savior is so...irrelevant." Harry remained silent, his features twisted into a furious scowl. Voldemort went on, "Think about it, Harry. Even Dumbledore's famed Order of the Phoenix could not keep you safe from me. They didn't care. I've also heard that the wizarding public is...quite strongly opinionated about you." A fearsome smile formed on his lips. "' Liar, crazy, attention-seeking …' My, aren't those compliments, wouldn't you agree?" It's not true. "I think they said them to the wrong person," Harry snapped. "They seem to suit you well." Instantly, he knew he made a mistake. "It seems you have forgotten your manners," Voldemort snarled, raising his wand. " Crucio! " Harry saw the spell coming, but it was so close-range that he only moved an inch before he was struck by the curse. Pain and agony flooded his senses, his nerves shrieking for the torture to stop. He bit down hard on his bottom lip to stop himself from screaming, and tasted blood. Finally, after what seemed like hours, Voldemort released the spell. Panting, Harry staggered to his feet and gripped his wand. "You're lucky I'm merciful," Voldemort hissed. "Next time, I cannot promise such a thing." A flick of his wand, and Harry's wand flew into the Dark Lord's hand. "Nott, Mulciber, take him to a room." Desperation and fear clawed at his heart, but the two Death Eaters were stronger than him and dragged him into a dark room with a mattress. Nothing that he would be