Broken Heartstrings Pavel was hesitant to continue down the long hallways, glancing back around his shoulder periodically as to check on the Peacekeepers trailing behind him. Before, he used to feel so safe and secure with the Peacekeepers, actually enjoyed making sure that he was in plain sight of them all. Now, since he was reaped, he felt like he was nothing but a target to them- not someone they had to swear to protect and it made him feel sick to his stomach about it. They were Peacekeepers, not terror starters. This wasn't how it was supposed to be and someone needed to do something about it… that him should be him- he was always the hero that wanted to bring justice, so why wouldn't he be the be the one that revolutionized things? Finally entering the end of the hall, he patted his uncomfortable bright pink suit, swallowing the hard lump in his throat. He needed to be calm… there wasn't anything anyone could do to him. He'd just won the Hunger Games two weeks ago, everyone is watching his every move. Maybe a year later, but not so soon. Not before he even managed to do his victory tour. Or see his family. They couldn't just decide to kill him without letting him see all of them! It wouldn't be fair… couldn't be fair no matter how he looked at it. The Capitol used to be something he looked up at, now… now he just felt fear. Opening the door carefully, a powerful smell was the first thing that caught his attention. Musky like sex- just like how his house used to smell, how his mother's room almost made him want to vomit as soon as she and her lover for the night (or hour) entered and left it. There wasn't anything comforting about the smell. "Sir?" He called out, immediately feeling smaller than he should as he did so. This felt weird too. Pavel couldn't put his finger on it, but something was terribly wrong here. The smell wasn't supposed to be here, nor should he really be asked to come and see the Head Gamemaker. The voice came suddenly, from somewhere amidst the darkness of the room, beginning as barely audible and steadily growing into a low pitched, amused tone the closer it got. "Pavel," the Gamemaker's voice said, strongly, reaching out to pat the boy's shoulder, giving him a once over. His eyes were almost… feral. It was like being watched by a predator- making Pavel feel even more uneasy, practically like prey in the midst of it all. But the man didn't seem keen on hurting him, despite that gleam in his eyes. He was dressed nicely- in a red and black suit almost too dapper to be wearing around in his own home. And perhaps it was that which sent off the red flags in Pavel's head, no matter trying to rationalize it. He hadn't just gotten home, hadn't been working late- the games were over, and this was… abrupt. Unsettling. But the Head Gamemaker doesn't waste a second in ushering through the door, flicking on a small lamp in the corner of the room and giving the young Victor a chance to glance around. It was still dimly lit, without any windows but a single one, in the corner beside the bed. He could hear awkward footsteps behind him in the hallway, could see the Gamemaker glancing to the door with a veiled interest, before settling himself in a chair near the door itself. "You're a very attractive young man, Pavel," he murmurs, eyebrow raised elegantly as he runs a hand through his hair, before reaching out to touch the boy, unsurprised when he instinctively pulled himself away. "Please, don't be like this. You're a Victor now. You need to be more… steady." This was even worse than he thought. Much worse. Moving back, he crossed his arms, giving the best impression of a glare he could. Panic was all he could think to do at this, chewing on his thin, pale lips. He knew what the man was implying, and he didn't like it. Didn't like it when his mother's boyfriends tried to do it when he was younger, won't tolerate it now. No one was allowed to touch him- he didn't allow himself to touch himself, so he wasn't going to start allowing the Gamemaker to do so. "This is highly…" the word managed to get stuck in his throat, quickly trying to think over how to properly pronounce it. Deciding to use another one in place, he hissed out a completely different sentence all together. "Please don't touch me… I want to leave- can I leave?" The simple shake of the man's head is the only answer he really receives, stepping back again as the Head Gamemaker stands to his feet, eyes skirting along his body before he was stepping up to grab hold of his arms, pushing him back until he could force Pavel's knees to hit the side of the bed, slowly pushing him down to lay against the stiff mattress. He jerked the tie from around his own neck, quickly undoing the buttons of his shirt, enough that he could hear them pop as they came undone. "No, my boy… you're a Victor now. You have to deal with everything that comes with it… you do understand that, don't you? Now, hush. Don't cry, it doesn't suit you…" his fingers brushed along the edge of Pavel's cheek, thumb smudging the tears away from his eyes before steadily gripping his shoulders, fingers sliding under the sleeves of his jacket, pulling his shirt open and ripping it away from freezing skin, watching the shiver that ran up the boy's spine as he did so. It didn't take long to undo the button of his suit pants, sliding them down thighs even when Pavel's legs lashed out, tried to kick him, force him away… all he could do was offer a predatory grin, fingers slipping underneath the Victor's chin to tilt his head back, his own knees pinning the boy's shaky legs in place, leaving harsh kisses, marks along the side of his pale throat, hand practically covering his mouth to keep him quiet. "I wouldn't move, if I were you… is death really better than this? In comparison, this shouldn't be too bad… I'll be gentle, dear." Pavel felt like screaming, trying his best to turn away from the man further and stuff his face into the soft mattress. He could feel his legs being spread apart, still trying to do his best to kick at the older man. The feeling of the Gamemaker's thick and sharp nails digging into his shoulders was too painful for him to not to cry out in pain, biting down sharply on his hand. Tears were continuing to fall down his pale cheeks without his consent, eyes suddenly burning worse than ever before. Why was this happening? It shouldn't be… nothing should ever happen to him. He was the Victor… this wasn't fair. When the hand moved away from his face, he could only let out an unsteady grown, sniffling. "P-please, sir… get off of me. You're hurting me- I-I want my mentor, I want them, please… Please… d-don't, please." It didn't seem to persuade the man to stop, only furthering to pull his hair back, twisting it painfully so that he was looking at the man. His face was terrifying, completely and utterly so. Like a children's bedtime story that was meant to scare, but this time it was too true. The Gamemaker leaned forward, forcing his tongue inside his mouth, tongue greedily poking and tracing against his teeth. The young blonde only sniffled back another harsh hiss, shutting his eyes as he felt the hard of the man hitting his back, teasing his untouched asshole. "P-please, sir… I can't have…" the word almost felt dirty to say. "Ra-rape… I-I'm a virgin… they won't… won't accept me if I'm not." Please, stop. It all hurts. There was a noise. It was a noise from somebody's lips, he knows it well, can remember the way those sounds used to… replay. The words… that's what they were, right? Or was that… shouting. Shouting, as if in pain, something traumatized and broken… a wail. It hurt his brain, made him want to press his hands around his head, over his ears and just force it all away. Like it could somehow be… erased. It could, couldn't it? His was… Everyone's was, with time. He thought about it, how everything was grey, how people screamed and begged but it never did anything… not in the long run. No, broken bones and dismembered limbs and… blood. It was so easily erased, because people forgot, forgot how to remember and think and… feel. Feeling? He had feeling in his hands, when he flexed his fingers, and in his back when the whip hit it, but… what was feeling, really? Was it… that? That screaming, that crying, so close and yet so far away? Just… behind that door, so tearful that Anakin knew it was just going to resound in his brain no matter how much he tried to silence it. He shook his head, trying to make it leave- go away, go away, get out. It was too loud. No. No. His fingers were tangling in the thin fabric of the grey robe he'd been made to wear, fingers covered in lines of black scratching at the rest of his tattooed skin, as though it could somehow… help. Make it go away. But nothing went away, did it? No, not here… not when he'd been here since he could remember, raised in the Capitol and shoved aside from… What had he done? I'm going to kill him. Help me. Help me kill the president. Maybe it was a delusion, because he could hardly remember what day it was, or what was in his system… even now, it was too often that he had needles in his arm, couldn't even tell if they were his or his employers… they liked it. Liked to fuck with him, get him high, make his head hurt… Like this. He opened the door. There, sitting on the bed, was a boy. He didn't know the boy, not by name- but maybe by face, he thought. A victor. He was… crying. The screaming came from him? It's sending distress signals through Anakin's brain, trying to wrap his head around it all. And then the boy's looking up, seeing him, and he's glancing over to the room where he can hear shuffling, before the Gamemaker is stepping out, looking him over, saying his name… telling him to take care of it. He almost doesn't want to. "I-I want my mentor," Pavel wiped his face, biting down on his lip. He didn't want to get up from where he was sitting, instead, he wanted for Surah to come in and rescue him, comfort him like he did when he woke up and realized where he was just two weeks ago. Surah… Surah would make all of this go away, he had to. "P-please… c-call Surah. I-I… won't tell." He couldn't let any of this get to Asim, they were already under so much stress from their own assault, and Solon… he was so young, and he was still feeling guilty over Asim's incident. They didn't need to know about any of this- he had to keep it away from them all for their own protection. As much as he wanted to just curl up around his siblings, hug and kiss their foreheads, he knew he still had to be their rock, their protector since their mother apparently couldn't manage to do this even when they were younger. "S-sir?" He looked up, brutally aware of the Avox slowly making their way to him, eyes distant. Pavel almost forgot about the fact that he was ass