Disclaimer: I do not own anything publicly recognised. No copyright infringement is intended. Warnings: Minor swearing, reference to mental illness including eating disorders, mentions of homophobia. Chapter One The first of September was unusually warm, though the weather was a little unsettled: scattered showers of rain fell across London every now and then. At half past ten in the morning, King's Cross Station was a little more crowded than it usually was at that time on a Tuesday- by then, most work commuters into the city had finished their daily journeys in the morning rush hour. Families with preteen children littered the station; most making their way to platforms nine and ten together, though others were saying their goodbyes in slightly less crowded areas. Eleven-year-old Peter sat alone in a carriage on a scarlet steam engine, an unusual sight tucked away from the eyes of muggles. The platform he had boarded from- number nine and three quarters- was full of families saying their last goodbyes before their children left for school. The only other students who had already boarded the Hogwarts Express were the older ones, who were used to saying goodbye to their families. Peter's fellow first years all seemed to still be on the platform, hugging their parents as they received last-minute advice. Peter had been sitting on board the train for two hours already- his mother commuted into London via King's Cross each morning for work, so they had made the 45 minute journey from their home together. Peter hated the fact that his mother hadn't been able to get the morning off from her boss- it simply wasn't fair that he was the only first-year to have so little time to say goodbye. Oh, well , he thought. It was almost eleven o'clock, so it wouldn't be too long before the other first years started boarding the train. From the door of his otherwise empty compartment, someone cleared their throat. Peter looked up from the window, into the grey eyes of a tall red-haired boy. The boy seemed to be flanked by two others, a boy and a girl with matching dark hair and blue eyes. "Do you, um, mind if we sit here?" the red-haired boy asked in a thick Irish accent. Peter shook his head, straightening up in his seat, "No! That's fine." he said. He was desperate to make some friends, and these three seemed nice enough, if their warm smiles were anything to go by. "Thanks. I'm Kieron McNamara, this is Shannon and Eoin Harte," the red-haired boy said. "What's your name?" "I'm Peter. Peter Pettigrew," Peter said. "Pleased to meet you." "Pleased to meet you, too!" the dark-haired boy, Eoin, said, smiling as he stuck his hand out for Peter to shake. "How far did you have to travel to get here, Peter?" Kieron asked, leaning forward on his seat. "Oh, not far. 45 minutes. My mum does it every day," Peter replied. He knew that he was lucky, at least, to have had such a short journey to the station. "What about you?" "We came by Portkey last week, stayed in a muggle hotel nearby. We're from Cork," Kieron said. "My little sisters are loving it. Our families are staying in London until Sunday evening. Saoirse and Caoimhe haven't been around so many wizarding families at once before: they stayed home with our mother when my older sister started, 'cause they were so young." " Our ma's just happy to get hammered in some of the bars she went to when she was younger." Shannon said, and Eoin nodded, laughing. Peter glanced out of the window, and was surprised to see that the platform was almost entirely devoid of students- all that remained were parents and small siblings. There was one family that still seemed to be saying goodbye- two girls and a boy, all about the same height, were hugging a middle-aged woman as an older man tried to usher the children towards the train. The boy gave the woman one final hug, tilting himself up on his toes to kiss his mother on the cheek. Peter felt a pang of jealousy in his chest at the sight as he watched the taller of the two girls through her arm around the boy's shoulders and guide him onto the train. "Peter, you okay?" Peter's eyes snapped up to meet Kieron's. "Missing your family?" Peter gave a small smile. "My dad works nights, so I didn't get to say goodbye to him before we left this morning, and our train to here was delayed so I barely got to say anything to my mum." he murmured. With a soft sigh, Kieron stood up and moved to the seat next to Peter. He placed a hand on Peter's leg and smiled at him. "That sucks. But remember, it's only fourteen weeks until the Christmas holidays, and you can write to them as much as you want," Kieron said kindly. "Plus, my dad said that sharing a dorm is like having a load of brothers. He still meets up with his old dorm mates every week for a drink and a catch-up. That's how I know Shan and Eoin: our dads were in the same dorm at Hogwarts." Peter smiled gratefully at Kieron. "Thanks. I hope the people in my dorm like me." he said. Shannon laughed, but a sharp glare from Eoin shut her up. "Course they will," Eoin said. "What house are you hoping to be in, anyway? We're all hoping for Ravenclaw." Peter paused for a moment and frowned, thinking. What house did he want to be in? He'd love to be in Ravenclaw, like his mother and with his new friends, but he knew he hadn't the brains for it. He'd never been particularly brave, either, and he definitely didn't think he would fit in Slytherin. It would have to be Hufflepuff, because there was no way he would make friends anywhere else. "I think… I'd like to be in Hufflepuff," Peter said. "I'd be happy with anything but Slytherin, though." Kieron laughed. "Yeah. Reckon my ma'd kill me if I ended up in Slytherin. Her brother was a Slytherin, and he wound up wandless in a muggle prison after getting caught selling illegal drugs to kids at the local Comprehensive." he said. Peter's eyes widened with shock. He'd never known someone as open and friendly as Kieron, and he certainly wouldn't have been so quick and confident to tell an almost-stranger about a criminal relative. At that moment, the train groaned into action with a scream of the steam pipe. Kieron yawned widely, his eyes watering. "I'm gonna try and sleep a bit. Wake me up when the snack trolley comes." he said, shifting along the seat and leaning against the wall. "Sure thing." Eoin said, and Kieron closed his eyes, smiling. "I'm going to find someone else to sit with. Meet new people." Shannon said, standing up and walking out. With a roll of his eyes, Eoin stood up and shut the door behind her. "I swear, that girl's never closed a door in her life." he said, sitting back down. From that moment on, neither Peter nor Eoin spoke for several hours. The silence was awkward, to say the least, but Peter had never really been much good at talking to people. Finally, the door opened, and one of the girls Peter had seen in the final family on the platform looked in on them, worry in her eyes. "Um, hi. Have either of you seen a girl about my height, with short brown hair and glasses? She's had a fight with our friend and run off somewhere." she said. Peter shook his head, and Eoin shrugged. "No, sorry," Eoin said. "What's your name? If we see her, we'll let her know you're looking for her." The girl smiled half-heartedly. "I'm Vera. Do you- do you mind if I sit here for a minute or two? I've just run the length of the train twice, so I'm a little tired." she said. Peter nodded. "That's fine with us," Eoin said. "I'm Eoin, and this is Peter. The sleeper's Kieron." Vera smiled and sat down. "Thanks," she said. "So did you guys know each other already?" Peter shook his head. "Eoin and Kieron did, but I don't know anyone." he said. Vera smiled sadly at him. "That sounds lonely, but I'm sure you'll make friends soon. Everyone I've met so far has been nice. I couldn't imagine coming by myself, though, without Nona or Jamie or Becky," she said. "The four of us grew up in the same village, but Becky moved away a couple of months ago. Today's the first time we've seen her since, but Nona's really upset at her for some reason. It's weird. I don't think I've ever seen Nona get angry before." "I saw three of you on the platform, just before the train left. I thought you were triplets or something." Peter said, trying not to sound as jealous as he was. He desperately wished he'd had some friends to come with, or had even just known anyone else before coming. Vera laughed, "People say that a lot, especially since we look kinda similar, too. Jamie's mum's super nice; she treats us all like we're her own kids," she said. She glanced at her watch. "Wow, we've been on the train three and a half hours already. We must be about halfway there by now. I should probably get back to looking for Nona- she's probably crying on a baggage rack somewhere." With that, she stood up. "Bye. Hope you find her." Eoin said. "Thanks. I'll talk to you guys again. Hopefully, we'll all be in the same house." Vera said, smiling brightly, her steely grey eyes half-closing under her long lashes. She bounced on her toes as she opened the door, before leaving. Unlike Shannon, Vera closed the door behind her. "She seems nice, like she'd be a good friend." Eoin said. Peter nodded in agreement. "Yeah. She's putting loads of effort into finding her friend- Nona, did she say?" he said, and Eoin nodded. "I hope everyone's as nice as Vera said. I'd hate to have people in my dorm I don't get on with," he said. "It's hard enough sharing a room with my sister when we're at home; I want to be comfortable when I'm not sharing with her." Peter raised his eyebrows. As an only child, he'd never had to share a room with anyone before. "At least you have practice sharing a room- I don't have any brothers or sisters, and I've never been to a sleepover, either." he confessed. Eoin grimaced. "Gonna be a bit of a culture shock, mate. You better hope no one snores, it'll be months before you can sleep through it." he said with a light laugh. Peter laughed, too, smiling a little. He really hoped that he would be in the same house as Eoin and Kieron, since they were both so nice. A yawn overtook Peter, then, and Eoin smiled at him. "Tired? I'll wake you up when the snack trolley comes, if you wanna get some sleep." he said. "Thanks, but I'm not hungry." Peter said, smiling gratefully. He'd had very little sleep the night before, because he was so nervous and excited about starting Hogwarts, so he wanted to get as much as possible then. He'd heard from his mother that students tended to stay up quite late on the first night, as the first years got to know their new dorm mates and older students shared stories of their summers. He closed his eyes and leaned back against the seat. When Peter woke up, it was to gentle shaking. He opened his eyes with a yawn to see Eoin looking down at him. "We're almost there. A prefect just stopped in to tell us to get our robes on." he said, his blue eyes