Disclaimer: All PJO characters belong to Rick Riordan. The first thing Annabeth did was hold her breath. She'd heard the stories. The air in the Pit was toxic. If she let in a breath, then the air would go into her and her lungs would collapse. But was that fate really worse than the one that she was about to endure? Fisting her hands at her side, she lifted her head and looked around at the barren landscape. The Pit looked like something out of a history book. Annabeth couldn't help but be reminded of the Sahara Desert, something she had read about in one of her aunt's geography novels. The world around her was glittering with golden sand that the wind used to paint swirling designs in the air. The sun was big and hot and scorched down on her. Almost instantly after being thrown out here in this wasteland, sweat had covered her face. She was afraid to breathe, even though her chest was constricting with the need for oxygen. She was afraid to even move , remembering the stories that her cousins would tell her in the dark of the night when Aunt Mary and Uncle James were asleep. They said that the environment of the Pit was so harsh that no one ever survived it. There were dead bodies buried under the sand, rotting away until there was nothing but dust. Annabeth shut her eyes tight, trying not to think about how the sand squishing beneath her feet could be the dusty remains of someone's dead body. A cry bubbled up in her throat. She couldn't take it anymore. Tentatively, carefully, Annabeth opened her mouth and let in a tiny breath. The air was rancid and heavy but as far as she could tell, it wasn't toxic. Her lungs hadn't collapsed and each breath was coming a little easier. Annabeth should have been relieved that she hadn't died instantly, but instant death would have saved her from the horrors she was about to endure. Panic was building up inside of her. She took deep breaths and tried to get herself under control. Now is not the time for a panic attack, Annabeth, she thought to herself. Get yourself under control. Find shelter. Get somewhere with food and water. You will be okay. Her panic was suppressed for a moment as her eyes roamed the wide expanse of the desert. She turned and walked a few steps and prayed that she would find something, anything , just so she could rest for the night. She was exhausted. A silent gasp escaped her mouth when she saw the outlines of a city in the distance. It was so far away that she couldn't make out much more than the shapes of the buildings, but it was there. Annabeth tried to view it as a place that offered shelter and food rather than a place where she would be eaten alive by the convicts that lived there. Her hands quivering, Annabeth began to walk. OoOoOoOoOoOoO Everyone in the world is born with a twin. No one knows how it happens. No one knows when it started happening. No one knows why is started happening. But for hundreds of years, everyone has been born with a twin. You do everything with that twin. They're like an extension of yourself. You live with them. You eat with them, you play with them, you learn with them, you sleep with then. And when you turn sixteen, you are torn away from them. It's the way it has been for as long as anyone can remember. When you turn sixteen, a pair of twins must go to the government building in their province and take a test. The test determines which twin is good and which twin is evil. Once the decision has been made, the good twin goes to Elysium, the territory for the good. Rumor has it that the sky is always blue and the river that runs through the territory is crystal clear. No one is ever sad. There is no pain and hurt. Everyone is kind and loving and accepting. There's always food and laughing and no one ever wants for anything. The evil twin is taken to the Pit. The nickname for the territory of the evil is well-given. Set in the middle of one of the harshest deserts in the world, the Pit houses the cruel and insane. The food is scarce and when it is given, it's hard and brittle and tasteless. The crime rates are through the roof. The weak are singled out and quickly crushed. The Pit practices the survival of the fittest. The strong survive. The weak die. Annabeth was born with a twin. But when she turned sixteen, she was the only one left. OoOoOoOoOoOoO It felt like she'd been walking for an eternity before Annabeth finally reached the city. A compound was a more accurate word, really. The entire thing was surrounded by a thirty-five-foot concrete wall. Barbed wire twisted and tangled together on the top, preventing anyone from climbing over it. The only entrance was a big stainless steel door. Annabeth lumbered over to it and waited for it to open. It stayed tightly shut. Annabeth sighed. She wasn't exactly sure what she expected when she arrived. The door to open at her arrival and a bunch of heavily tattooed people to welcome her with open arms? Or, more accurately, a bunch of heavily tattooed convicts waiting to pulverize her the second she took a step inside. Annabeth tried pounding on the door as hard as she could. She waited a minute and still, it didn't open. Sighing in frustration, Annabeth took a step back and looked around for a way to open it. Her eyes caught on a touchpad on the right side of the door. She stepped towards it and studied it. There was nothing on it, no words of instruction or drawings to tell her what to do. Annabeth brought her finger up and pressed it against the surface, thinking that it might read fingerprints. When that didn't work, she pressed her entire hand against it. It still didn't work. Annabeth felt like crying. She was hot and exhausted and hungry. As strange as it seemed, all she wanted was to be inside the compound already, because at least inside there was shelter and food. Out here all she could do was wait to die. She ran a hand through her hair in frustration and tears were beginning to well up in her eyes. How embarrassing would it be to cry right then when, for all she knew, everyone inside was watching her on some hidden camera right that instant? That's when something on her wrist caught her eye. Tattooed on the skin right above her veins was a coiled up viper. The government officials that had decided to throw her in the Pit had tattooed this on her wrist, marking her as evil forever. "Now," he had said, "everyone you will ever meet will know what your true nature is like." Annabeth had wanted so badly to tell him that she thought that he belonged in the Pit as well. Government officials were different. They had twins, just like everyone else, but before they were sixteen and had to take the tests, they were hand chosen by the government to join them. They were neither good nor evil. Annabeth had always found that a bit unnerving, how the people who ran their world were in a bit of a gray area when it came to their nature. Annabeth stared at the viper tattooed on her hand, then looked at the touchpad in front of her. There was still nothing on it, nothing that indicated what she should do. Annabeth bit her lip and then she pressed the tattoo onto the touchpad. The screen turned green. Annabeth heard the sound of shifting gears and then the steel door was opening, lifting up like a garage door. Annabeth stood in front of it, frozen in place, as the opening door revealed a group of about ten people, most of them men and all of them staring at her. Sizing her up. Annabeth's breath hitched with fear. Was this it, then? Were they going to see that she was too petite and weak to ever truly be one of them? Were they going to kill her because of it? Her breath came a little easier when the man in front – a guy a few years older than she with sandy blonde hair a handsome face – smiled at her. "Congratulations," he said. "You passed the first test." Annabeth stared at him with a confused expression on her face. "We have that little touchpad puzzle out there to whittle away the weak," another guy said. This one was a bit closer to her age and had salt-and-pepper hair that stuck up in all directions. He had a rifle strapped to his back, which sent Annabeth's nerves on edge. "If you can't figure out the puzzle, then you ain't belong in here. If you can, well, let's hope you pass the other tests." "Stop, Travis," the first guy scolded. "You're scaring her." To Annabeth, he said, "Don't worry. Most everyone who passes that puzzle can pass all the other tests we have in store. We got no room in here for the weak." He walked over to Annabeth and threw an arm over her shoulder, pulling her inside with him. Annabeth was too exhausted and afraid to fight him. She let him lead her inside, only jumping when she heard the big steel door slam shut behind her. The sound of the lock engaging rattled in Annabeth's skull, right along with the realization that she was stuck here, possibly forever. Probably forever. You don't understand, she wanted to scream. I'm the weakest one here. OoOoOoOoOoOoO The compound was not like anything Annabeth had imagined. When she'd grown up, she'd heard stories of a poor community; dirty, dark, hungry, but civilized. The Pit was the opposite. The only thing Annabeth could compare it to was a zoo. As she walked with Travis and the other guy – whose name she'd learned was Luke – and the eight other people in their group, she passed a huge cage the size of the foyer in her aunt and uncle's house. Inside the cage, twenty or so women were chained up, their dresses torn and dirty and revealing way too much. Their hair looked like just strings hanging around their dirt-coated faces. They called out to the group, twisting and writhing around in a way that Annabeth supposed suggested sex. When the girls saw Annabeth, they scowled at her. "Prostitutes," Luke explained, leaning down to say it in Annabeth's ear. Annabeth's stomach twisted, but whether it was because of the prostitutes or because of Luke's closeness was a mystery. It just got worse as Annabeth continued walking. She'd expected street fights, but what she got was even worse. People were fighting, but they appeared to be fighting to the death. Bloody men lay on the ground, completely unconscious and immobile while their opponent kept kicking them in the gut, in the head, in the groin over and over again. Each fight had a crowd of at least fifty people around, shouting and cheering. One of the men fighting caught her eye. He stood over the body of a man who looked dead and when he caught her gaze, he didn't smile or wink or do anything that Annabeth expected an experienced street fighter to do. He just stared coldly in her direction until Annabeth was too afraid to keep watching. Annabeth never imagined that the Pit would be like this. She never imagined she would see people so thin they were practically see-through. She never thought that she would see kids running around in this environment, their faces dirty and their bellies swollen from