Adapopted – for Rainbowmist Kaylee and Firechild Rated: PG13 Disclaimer: We don't own the grownups; the younglings, on the other hand… Warning: Spanking. Aren't we surprised. A/N: This is a sort of Christmas gift for Rainbowmist. This plan had seemed so much… better before, when they couldn't see much around them and could actually imagine not getting caught. Furry had never quite imagined how much work a child could be. Sure, Estie was younger than him—she was still just a kid herself—but he guessed that he just hadn't really paid much attention to the care and keeping of his baby sister, having had frogs to catch and fortresses to build and other such important tasks. Really, though, this all seemed kind of silly; there was nothing for it, of course, not doing it and risking their parents finding out just wouldn't do, but he decided that, on the whole, he was going to stop listening to Thumper. He thought all of this as he was making yet another trip out to the old canning shed behind his and his cousins' properties. Thumper had voted for his barn (and Estie had wanted to do it in her bedroom, which of course would never work,) but Furry was the oldest, by almost two whole days, and therefore the wisest, and anyway, his vote was the only one that counted. So the canning shed it was—unused, far enough away from the houses that their parents couldn't hear what went on, and with crates that were just big enough. Furry heard the crying before he reached the shed door, and he closed his eyes and groaned before sighing and doing the super-secret knock. As soon as he'd given the password and Estie had opened the door for him, he carried his basket to the table in the middle of the room and reached up to set it on the surface, which was about nose-high to him. Then he turned toward the crying. "What did you do now, Gala?" His cousin, forty hours his junior and quite sure that she was the smartest Hobbit ever born, straightened from leaning over the cradle crate and glared at him. "Don't you start on me, Furry-lad! I'm doing the best I can, which is more than I can say for you. It's not my fault she won't go to sleep like a proper baby." "Hey!" He bristled. "Someone's got to go for food and supplies, ain't he?" He ambled over to Gala's side and looked down to find their… guest in a right fuss. "Oh, now, now," he said, reaching down and dangling a finger for grabbing, remembering at the last second (and at Gala's snotty hem-hem) "don't take on so. You're alright, Misty-lass, yes you are." On her back in an old crate meant for plum jam, tangled in mismatched but clean blankets and frocked in some of wee Entie's things, lay a baby. Her red-rimmed eyes were a bit more indigo and her curly hair was a bit darker than any Hobbit the cousins had ever seen, but Hobbit she must be—round tummy, proper feet, and a demand for food every two hours. They'd been feeding her good things, too, every tasty thing that they could manage to take—some sweet grapes, rolls made with honey, crisp bread rango-swan shells filled with sweet creamed cheese, and even some of Estella's maple biscuits (though Furry had eaten most of those, fearing that they might be too tough for the baby's few small teeth, and he was pretty sure that Thumper had picked through and taken care of the crispiest rangoes.) Gala had made sure that she was clean and dry, and Estie had sung her the bits and pieces she could remember of at least three lullabies, so they just couldn't figure out why she wouldn't settle down and nap like Entie did after she'd been fed and changed. The young Hobbits had been scurrying around like agitated honey bees, trying to soothe Misty, and Furry would never admit this to his cousins, as he was much too old for such nonsense, but he was beginning to feel that he wouldn't object to a wee nap himself. "Maybe… maybe we should get Mummy." Estie sounded as unsure and regretful as she'd ever been; she'd been thrilled to be included in this great secret (as if the older ones had had a choice in the matter) but unlike her brother and cousins, she didn't understand what would happen if they gave up the 'game' and called on the grownups to take care of Misty. "Don't be a daftwaldo—of course we'll do nothing of the sort!" Gala snapped shrilly, making the little girl shrink and the baby wail. "Hey, stuff it, will you?" Furry might find his sister annoying sometimes, but he was her big brother, after all, and it was his job to protect her. "S'not her fault we're in this fix." "No, it's me knocknoggin brother's." That, they could agree on. Gala glowered, fists on her little hips, toward the door. They could hear Thumper coming toward the shed, and for just a moment, the two eldest cousins both thought of just not letting him in. After all, they wouldn't be in this fix if not for his mad ideas. Two days ago Winter had come to the Shire, and though the air was unusually warm with the fragrance of dark earth and damp fir, Crickhollow was surrounded by a ruff of thick fog which rolled from the edges of the homesteads all the way back into the woods that no one remembered having been there before the War of the Big Folk. Crickhollow was generally a safe place, but the young ones of the village and surrounding properties had all been warned to stay close to home and to not, under any circumstances, venture into the fog, as it would be much too easy for a wee Hobbit to lose his or her way and turn an ankle on a root, or worse. And that would have been easy enough to obey, if Estie, who'd been pretending to help Mum hang the wash by clipping stockings and face flannels on the Estie-high line Da had strung last year, hadn't been sure that she'd heard something. Furry had assured her that it was just the creaking sound that the trees made when they bowed to each other (because of course they must, just must be Huorn and would naturally have proper manners) and Gala had simply snorted and muttered something about 'silly children,' but Estie had insisted, and Thumper, who'd just been let out of the house after two days of restriction, had asked her to describe what she'd heard and had actually listened to what she said. That had seemed to settle the little girl, who had gone back to singing and twirling with just-washed stockings on her hands while Gala carried over a chair and sat down to stitch some new nappies for Entie. It would have ended there, if Estie hadn't stopped, gazed toward the fog again, and then run to Thumper, tackling her very favorite cousin and dumping him on his still-tender bum while she excitedly declared that she'd heard it again. Estie had insisted that they go and find what was making the sounds, worried that a bird might have got bunged up in the fog and needed help, and no amount of reminding her about the rule would deter her; she'd never gotten more than a stern look for her behavior, and in any case, she'd got a double dose of stubbornness and determination to do what seemed right from their parents, and since the rest of them had as well, and since they weren't about to allow a nine-year-old to go off on her own, they all trooped off into the fog, ignoring Gala's declarations that they were all beyond stupid as she trudged in right behind them. It never occurred to any of the four to get their parents—everyone knew that grownups were worse than useless when there was something that needed doing. They'd no idea how long it took them, wandering in what they hoped was the right direction in the fog (for once, Thumper's penchant for carrying useless odds and ends in his pockets came out not so useless, as they used some of his da's kite string and some of his mum's rickrack to form a chain so that they wouldn't lose Estie or each other) before even snooty Gala had to admit that she also heard the plaintive sound. The children kept meandering, the two seventeen-year-olds stopping every few yards to bicker over how far they'd gone and the direction of the noise, until the fog seemed to darken a bit and something, something that looked suspiciously like a tree limb, reached down and gently nudged Furry between the shoulder blades, urging him to turn a little to the right and keep going. He shook off his startlement long enough to toss back a quick 'thank you,' just in case it had been a tree, before tugging the others in the new direction. Minutes later, the children stumbled upon a pocket where the fog was lighter, and found that they'd reached their goal. It was no bird—the source of the plaintive cries was a tiny Hobbit baby, her curls damp and her face wet with tears and nose-run. She was on her feet, holding onto a high-arching tree root, but her knees were wobbling as if they were unused to holding her up, and sure enough, they gave out and down she plopped onto a pile of evergreen needles. The foliage was soft, but she had several chubby fingers in her mouth and must have bitten them, for she sobbed outright, looking at the bigger children in frustration before removing her fingers from her mouth and using both fists to rub tiredly at her eyes. Her audience stood stunned for a few moments before little Estie scampered over and tried to pick up the baby. Furry, seeing disaster in the making, hurried over and took the baby from his small sister, only to have her appropriated by Gala, who declared that Furry had no idea of what to do with a baby and would probably turn her into a filthy boy-child if left to it. For her part, the baby seemed sufficiently distracted from her upset and had stopped crying for the moment. There was some discussion of what to do with the infant—Estie wanted to dress her up like a doll and keep her in her bedroom, and got angry when the others told her not to be silly. Gala insisted that of course they couldn't keep the child, Furry insisted that they couldn't very well leave her there in the woods, but their bickering was cut short by Thumper, who was quite tired of his sister's snootiness. "Okay, then," he shot challengingly at her, "we can all just take ourselves straight back to Mum and ask her if she would pretty please find a home for the little lass we found in the fog." Everyone ignored Estie's wail that the baby was theirs 'cause they'd found her fair and square. The older three stood frozen, staring at each other, for a few moments, before Gala hoisted the baby higher up onto her hip, raised her chin, and wordlessly started the march back (hopefully) toward home. Furry had to hand it to Thumper—the kid might be a little mad, but he was right this time, and what's more, he sure could shut up his sister now and again, give the world a bit of peace. For two days, they'd managed to keep things working fairly well; their little excursion in to the fog had nearly been found out straightaway, but Diamond and Estella had seemed willing enough to accept the hasty explanation that Estie had been playing No-See and that her brother and favorite cousin