Trigger warning/Content warning : Depression, mental illness, suicide. I own nothing. Denethor, son of Ecthelion, was not the sort of person anyone sane left alone with their children. Given his… erm… history , and his present tendency to completely overlook the age of said children when in earshot of them, his sons and daughter-in-law especially didn't want him left alone with them. But it really couldn't be helped—Faramir and Éowyn didn't usually work the same hours, but today Éowyn had been called in early, and Boromir couldn't get off work to cover for them—and they weren't exactly alone, though Denethor wouldn't really have called Gandalf "present", from the cloud of pipe-smoke around his head as usual. To be perfectly honest, it wasn't often that Denethor was allowed to be alone with his grandchildren. The closest he'd ever gotten was holding them when they were born, when Faramir was seeing to his wife and the new grandfather stood quite forgotten. From his place at the kitchen table, as far as he could be from Gandalf at the window, he looked them over, brow furrowed. Elboron, seven, was doing his homework at the coffee table, quite unaware that he was being watched. Little Finduilas, second of her name, was five years old and not yet at school, and often amused herself with picture books and jigsaw puzzles, or books of riddles Gandalf would bring her, claiming that he'd found them in the deepest dragon hoards of the north—himself, Denethor had on at least two occasions caught Gandalf peeling the dime store price-stickers off of their backs. Little Finduilas was also unaware that she was being watched; it was a jigsaw puzzle today that occupied her, some five hundred piece monstrosity that would no doubt lose half its pieces to the couch cushions and the vacuum cleaner. Before she'd left for work, Éowyn had paused in the doorway long enough to threaten her father-in-law with bare-handed death if she came back and found a hair on either of her children's heads out of place. Given what she'd done to the idiot from Angmar who'd once tried to rob the flat they all lived in, Denethor believed her to be capable of it, and took her seriously, not that he was going to do anything to start with. Boromir had called the flat to reiterate her threat; ever since The Incident, he'd been even more protective of his brother than he was before, and that protective nature extended to his sister-in-law and his niece and nephew. Frankly, Denethor was surprised that Éomer hadn't added his voice to the chorus, given that his daughter-in-law's brother neither liked nor trusted him. Faramir had called from work, only to say that he had called Gandalf and that Gandalf would be over in a minute. Denethor would have liked it a lot better if they hadn't called over Gandalf. Gandalf, the only person in the apartment complex where they lived who was older and frailer than he was, was no friend of Denethor's. They'd known each other long, since Denethor was a young man. Gandalf was known far and wide for his fireworks and his stories. Gandalf had made fast friends of both of Denethor's sons, Faramir especially, and it had always irked Denethor to no end how much easier it was for Gandalf to hold the boys' ears than it was for him. Their eyes met unexpectedly; Gandalf smiled slightly and Denethor glared frostily back. Gandalf looked like he would have loved to laugh, and Denethor bit his tongue until he tasted blood to keep from snapping a retort to a taunt that hadn't even been said. He knew quite well how everyone around him would respond to that . No, absolutely no one trusted Denethor around his grandchildren. Not Éowyn, not Boromir, not Faramir, not Gandalf. If he actually thought that anyone of them would listen, Denethor would have assured them that it was perfectly safe to let him care for Elboron and little Finduilas, if only for a few hours, but given that he was quite sure that no one would listen, he didn't bother. Why waste words on an audience completely deaf to your arguments? Why waste words on those who will never forget the past? If I am completely honest with myself—and I suspect that I am, I suppose they have reason to fear what I would do, left to my own devices. It had started after his wife died. To be certain, Denethor hadn't been what anyone would call a bastion of good cheer even before he knew Finduilas, but most agreed that he'd brightened considerably after meeting her. She'd died when their children were just small boys, Faramir too young to carry clear memories of her into adulthood (though doubtless Boromir and Gandalf filled in any blanks he brought to their attention), and Denethor was left to raise their boys and carry his grief like a leaden cloak. One would have thought that as time went on, his grief would have lessened, but it never did. After a while, it was no longer about Finduilas, the pain of losing her or the anger that she had died so young. Perhaps it was the loss of what she had represented. Perhaps it was having his eyes opened to just how the world worked, how it took to death those who deserved life, and took those who deserved life were robbed of it all too soon. How unfair is death, how callous, how unseeing. Or maybe it was none of that, and Denethor was simply stricken with the malaise of years, of life pressing down on his shoulders. Not then and not now would Denethor claim that what happened was on account of Finduilas's early death. Not for anything, not for even being able to rewrite the past would he try to lay the blame at her door. He grew grim, and silent, and difficult to know or speak to. He stopped talking to family, and after a while, what friends he'd had stopped talking to him. Morbidly preoccupied with death and destruction was Denethor, son of Ecthelion; most agreed that he was positively unbearable to be around, if not angry and bitter than abjectly melancholy. He could go from one extreme to the other in an instant, and cheer out of him was rarely found indeed, rarer as the years wore on and his black moods grew worse and more profound. His relationship with his sons had not been what would be termed "positive", even before The Incident. Denethor had leaned heavily on Boromir, and Faramir he barely saw at all. He loved them both but could not relate to them as his children, could barely stand to look at them on the worst days, and they, through no fault of their own, were thoroughly alienated by his behavior, especially as they came into adolescence and saw more clearly how abnormal it was. Denethor wanted nothing less than to be left alone by them, but at the same time could not help but drive them away. Many times did Boromir and Faramir go to live with their aunt and uncle and cousins by the sea when Denethor simply could not take care of them, for days or even weeks at a time. Years might have improved upon others, but not on Denethor. To him, the years that went on seemed like the mockery of all that was good in the world. He could find joy in nothing, could see light in nothing. Then, came The Incident. It was a calm day, early in spring; it was still cold at night and on some mornings frost could still be found on the ground. Boromir was off at college, several hours away from the house where they lived, and in the fall Faramir would be joining him. The prospect of being left alone in this house with nothing but himself and his misery and his memories was not one that Denethor relished. Faramir had a bad case of the flu, and to be quite honest, no one was quite sure how he had ended up the way that he had. The best anyone, Faramir included, could determine was that his fever had been so bad that he'd misread the dosage of the medicine the doctor had given him. Denethor had heard a loud thud from upstairs, and found his teenaged son lying motionless on the bathroom floor. Nothing he did could rouse him. His skin was white as snow, his lips tinged blue. He couldn't feel a pulse. He'd thought Faramir was dead. The fire trucks had been at the house within minutes. The house could not be saved, but the two inside could. Denethor and Faramir both spent several weeks in the hospital, for burns, smoke inhalation, and in Faramir's case an accidental overdose. Boromir came rushing home, blowing off final exams and failing the semester as a result, but too busy worrying over his brother and father's bedsides to care. Soon enough, the police realized that the house hadn't just set itself on fire. Denethor and Boromir got into a thunderous shouting match in the middle of the burn ward; Boromir refused to speak to him at all after that. Denethor himself was diagnosed with dysthymia and schizoid personality disorder; it was these diagnoses that meant that he was sentenced to a psychiatric hospital rather than prison when he plead guilty to one count of arson and one count of attempted murder. The sheer monotony of life in the psychiatric ward was stifling, and before long, Denethor grew to hate the walls of his room as much as he'd hated the mockery of the world outside. But then, something had changed. Maybe it was the counseling, the host of medications he was on, a combination of the two or neither, but it was as though the scales fell from Denethor's eyes. It was as though he had been wandering through a dark hall, bereft of all light, and then suddenly flung open the windows to reveal the light of morning. He looked back on what he had done, what he had almost done, and recoiled in horror when he remembered how close he had come to killing his son. A year passed, a year in which Denethor came to know himself better, and look upon the world around him and upon himself with renewed bitterness. Faramir came to visit the summer after Denethor burned the house down and nearly took them with it. Denethor had had no warning for the visit and could only stare, gaping and choked by words he hadn't known he'd wanted to say sticking in his throat, as the younger of his two sons sat down at the cafeteria table opposite him. In the year that had passed since he had last laid eyes on his son or, indeed, on anyone from the outside world, Faramir had grown a great deal— hit that last growth spurt, I see . He looked both older and somehow younger. There was a strange weight to his sea gray eyes, and his face was nearly as pale as it had been that day when Denethor had found him unconscious on the bathroom floor. They, two men who were in face and personality rather alike, began to talk quietly. They said you were doing much better, so I thought I'd… Oh, okay. My first year went well. We're living with Aunt and Uncle and the cousins; no, we couldn't get the insurance, the company won't pay in case of arson . Faramir's voice grew sharp and this was the closest they came to discussing The Incident during that visit. I'm going south with friends next month, so I won't be able to contact you. Ah, no. Boromir hasn't said if he'll come. The words exchanged were not those of a father and son who had parted a year ago, on bad terms. They