Trigger Warning/Content Warning : Depression, mental illness, suicide, stalking. This is meant as a companion piece to Not Forgetting About This . While you wouldn't need to read that one first, per say, you might want to if you want to understand entirely what's going on here. Like Not Forgetting About This , this oneshot is a modern day AU. I own nothing. The fire had taken nearly everything among his material possessions. His books and clothing had gone up in smoke; Boromir had it somewhat easier than him, since he was already at college and most of his belongings were at the dorm with him. True, Faramir had some things, things that he kept at Uncle Imrahil's, since he practically spent half his time there anyways, when his father couldn't cope, but they were few. Photos smoldered, records of a world that once was collapsing into ash. The charred skeleton of the house stood for a year or so, unattended, until it finally caved in on itself, but it had been rotten from the core to start with, and Faramir was amazed that it had lasted as long as it had. He remembered wandering the ruins, some weeks after the fire, once he'd been discharged from the hospital. Boromir had been planning to go by himself, and hadn't wanted Faramir with him—he'd been treating him in those days as though his little brother was made of glass, brittle and easily broken. However, Faramir had persisted until Boromir conceded, on the condition that they would go together and Faramir would only go once. They had pulled up in front of what had once been their home, and Faramir had made not a sound, and not shed a tear. They had wandered through the wreckage, Boromir casting glances at him all the while as though he was afraid that brother would be engulfed in flames as he nearly had been that day before, and Faramir had shed not one tear. Then, something deep blue caught his eye. The fire had shaken and shattered everything Faramir thought he knew about his father, but he still clung to the belief, even after that, that Denethor, son of Ecthelion, was not a man who did things on impulse. Everything in its time, everything in its place, all according to propriety. And yet… Denethor had given his wife a mantle, long before Faramir was born. Well, it was more a shawl than a mantle, and to look at it, Faramir had always suspected that it, though beautiful indeed, dark blue with silver stars stitched around the edges, had probably not been a thing of great expense. Just something a man had bought on a whim to bring home to his wife, because he, without knowing if she would like it, had thought that she might like it. Faramir had found Finduilas's old shawl half-buried beneath a fallen beam. It was a bit singed around one of its edges, the formerly blue cloth charred black around that burnt edge, but otherwise, it was undamaged, if spotted a bit by dust. It had not even lost its rich color to weeks of exposure. Laying eyes on this old shawl had been as the breaking of a dam within his heart. Numb and dry-eyed he'd been before, since the fire and since the truth of what his father had done came out, but in one moment, Faramir went from dry-eyed and quiet to howling himself hoarse into the soft fabric, blinded by his own tears. Boromir had run to his side and looked at his young brother, with his still-healing burns and his white face, and brought their expedition to an abrupt halt. Come on, let's go back to the car. He'd grimaced bitterly and berated himself: I knew this would happen. So why… Is that Mother's shawl? You should keep it. No, really. I think you should. The engine spluttered into ignition, and they drove back to Uncle Imrahil's, Boromir making no mention of the way his teenaged brother clutched their mother's shawl like a small child with a security blanket, the entire way back. They fiddled with the radio, with the air conditioning that always spewed out hot, dusty air smelling bizarrely of mothballs first, and said not a word to each other for the nearly four-hour-long drive. The fire had taken more than just photographs and clothing. In truth, the fire had taken everything, and given little back. Faramir could trust nothing anymore; he questioned every last one of his memories of himself, his brother, his father, even the faint memories of his mother. He had been wrong about Denethor, had never thought him capable of suicide or of murder, and had been proven wrong in the most earth-shattering way possible. If he was wrong about his father, what else was he wrong about? Could he trust anything he remembered about anyone? Well, Faramir supposed with something of a smile, perhaps he could trust his own assumptions made of Boromir. With his brother, what you saw was what you got, and had remained that way well into adulthood. He had secrets, perhaps, but could make no secret of the motivations behind his behavior. It was Boromir, with Gandalf's help, who filled in the many blanks in Faramir's memory of their mother. It was Boromir who taught him how to drive a car, helped him adjust to college life, stood staunchly by him all the days after the fire, when others might have taken his silence as signal to leave him be. Boromir, Faramir knew, was still angry with their father, and probably always would be. Boromir had not been a man for grudges until the fire. Perhaps there is more to him than I thought there was, Faramir mused, and decided that mayhap he shouldn't dwell on it too much. Over the years, the fire became The Incident. That was how the family, his aunts and uncles and all of the cousins referred to it, if they made mention of it at all. They called it The Incident and seemed to assume that if they used such a euphemism in Faramir's hearing, he wouldn't understand what they were talking about; No such luck. For the first couple of years, at holidays and family gatherings, The Incident was the favorite topic of whispered gossip, the gauge by which members of the family determined how up-to-date their out-of-town relatives were on the latest news. Relatives were quick to reassure each other that Denethor was related to them by marriage and not by blood; Boromir's jaw would settle in a scowl and Faramir would busy himself with helping Aunt Almarian (Uncle Imrahil's wife) get the food to the table before the various assorted first-degree and second-degree and even third-degree cousins started to riot, just to keep from having to think about it too hard. Do… Do you want to talk about it? Maybe some other time. The years went down, and that was always Faramir's answer. Maybe when the time cam that he finally sorted out for himself how he felt about what his father had done to them both. Maybe when Faramir could bring himself to say to another that the fire and what it had taken still stayed with him, that he still carried the fire in his heart like a canker in his flesh. Maybe when he could say that he was far more affected than he let on to the world. "It just occurred to me that our entire relationship can be explained in terms of six degrees of separation." It was late afternoon, but the light was gentle, soft white and golden. A thin, silvery mist had descended over the city like a pall of sleep, and the rails and roads were still slick with rain, the air cool and moist, but without the chill it might have had earlier in the month. Éowyn's long golden hair fluttered in the slight breeze as she looked down on the busy road beneath them, this uncovered bridge the latest stop in the latest of a long series of walks to nowhere in particular that they took. On occasion, a stray beam of light would catch in tendrils of her hair. Her hair looked like the one who had made her had stolen sunlight to weave into the strands. Faramir always found it fascinating to look at. The look on Éowyn's face was the chagrined expression of one who had just come to a realization that they felt should have been obvious from the start. But at the same time, a smile hovered on her lips, and Faramir matched it, eyebrow raised. "Oh? How so?" She ran her fingers over the rail, the tense, slightly nervous mannerisms of one who couldn't stand to find her hands empty. "Well, think about it. We both know Gandalf. You are friends with Pippin and I with Merry, who are first-cousins and close friends to each other—since meeting, we have all four of us become friends. Your brother was friends with my cousin when Théodred still lived, friend to me and Éomer. Boromir did, I think, talk about you a number of times." "To be honest, I think Théodred mentioned you and Éomer as well." "Indeed. We had before meeting, I believe, five acquaintances in common—no, six, counting Aragorn. Wait, do you know Arwen as well? Yes? Seven, then. We share seven acquaintances in common. And yet, until three months ago, we were strangers to one another." He laughed. "You're right; this is six degrees of separation. I'd never thought of it that way before." People had told him he looked… wan . Pale and stretched, like he wasn't sleeping or he'd been put through a shirt-press. Faramir had been getting that for years, and it wasn't anything new. But he'd been getting it from people more and more often, and to be honest, it was getting progressively harder to get up in the mornings and face the day that waited for him. Why had it suddenly become so difficult again? He had felt like himself again for years, had built a new life where he didn't have to think about the fire that had become The Incident. The only trace of that life and that event were the infrequent visits he paid to his father in the psychiatric hospital, and Faramir had thought that when he left the hospital each time, he left his old life behind with it. Like a dangerous animal that could be locked in a cage. But maybe that was it. I lived a life where I didn't have to think about the fire, but then, whenever I was bereft of anything with which to occupy myself, it was all I thought of. Distant and yet too near. People were talking. Imrahil kept pulling him aside to ask him if he was feeling well, if his work was too stressful. Boromir had recently lost his friend Théodred, and perhaps the loss had gifted him with some sort of sensitivity that he had not possessed before, for he too started shooting sideways glances at him—well, more than he used to, at least. Even Faramir's cousins, Elphir to Lothíriel down to the small children, seemed aware of a change in him. Little Emlin kept asking him if he was sick, for he looked so pale and drawn. Faramir was walking home from work one day when he saw an advertisement on a shop window, for group therapy at a local community center. As a lawyer, he had recommended therapy often enough to his clients, when they had been stricken by a crime sufficiently traumatizing as to need it. The fee charged for this particular sort of therapy was, he saw, not unreasonable. It occurred to Faramir that it could do him no harm, and made a call to the number on the poster. It had been a gloomy, overcast evening when he had gone to the first