This is set in the same universe as Not Forgetting About This and Bridge , which I am henceforth referring to as the NFAB-verse. And yes, I know that, in canon, Aragorn is about the same age as Denethor; however, for the purposes of this AU universe, I wanted him to be a contemporary of Boromir's (And, by extension, Théodred, who does not appear in this fic but will in future fics). Also, Elphir is, in-canon, Imrahil's oldest son. He's a bit younger than Boromir and Faramir, about fifteen years old in this story. I own nothing. Aragorn had won five tickets to a re-enactment of the Great Battle of the Last Alliance of Elves and Men through a radio contest. It was supposed to be at the base of Mount Doom itself; the festivities were lasting for four days, and Aragorn characterized it as "something you don't want to miss." He'd given one of the other tickets to Arwen, his foster-sister, and another to Boromir. Elladan and Elrohir, Aragorn's foster-brothers, would have liked to go but the Lothlórien division of the Ranger Corps was short on instructors for the new recruits this season, so they'd gone to help their grandparents and Haldir with the recruits. Théodred was in much the same position; his father needed him at work, he said, and couldn't take the time off. But as Boromir pointed out, it wasn't like Faramir had anything to do that summer, and Elphir was hopping to go ever since he heard of the contest. Faramir did not at all appreciate being volunteered by his brother. No, Faramir was not fond of traveling long distances (In this case, 'long' being a distance that took any longer than about four hours to get to). They had never done a great deal of traveling as children; Denethor was no more fond of traveling than he was. Faramir's first long trip had come last summer, going south with friends. The trip, which was to be two weeks long, left him horribly homesick for Dol Amroth within about two days, and subsequently incapable of enjoying anything, even when admitting that the scenery was beautiful and the weather even better. It had startled him to realize that he dreamt of Dol Amroth and not the city where he was born, startled him to realize just how quickly he'd come to think of Uncle Imrahil's house as home, only a year after he'd come to live there on a permanent basis. Granted, the re-enactment itself sounded interesting, but Faramir also knew that such an event would likely be televised, and that the ride to Mordor would take several days. He had no desire to go down the highway in Aragorn's old van (because Faramir knew that thatrickety old death trap would be what ended up transporting them, one way or another) to the erstwhile land of evil. If he didn't die of homesickness on the way, he'd probably go stir-crazy in the van and murder someone. Given Faramir's luck, that someone would probably end up being Boromir, who hadn't done anything to deserve it. So Faramir attempted to argue when Aragorn and Arwen arrived at Imrahil's house late last night, the night before they were heading off to Mordor. He absolutely did not wish to go. However, the moment he made this opinion clear, everyone else started arguing with him. Arwen told him that he'd surely find the experience much richer for having seen it in person. Aragorn told him it would do him some good to see the world, even if the part of the world they were going to was the erstwhile land of evil. Boromir said they barely ever spent time together anymore and Look, it'll be fun. Traveling really can be enjoyable, believe it or not. You've just not done any traveling in the right sort of company. All these arguments were made, but it was the one made by Imrahil that finally tipped the scales. I don't want Elphir going on this trip without someone I trust watching out for him. What, am I not someone you trust, Uncle? Boromir exclaimed, hurt, to which Imrahil had replied that, after his misadventure in Mirkwood a few years back, no, he did not especially trust Boromir to stay safe. Given that Aragorn had been with Boromir at the time and had gotten into the mess with Boromir, Imrahil claimed that Aragorn couldn't be trusted either. And while Imrahil meant no disrespect to Arwen, he claimed that he did not know her at all, and thus could not be sure if she was the sort of person he wanted to entrust his eldest son to. No, Faramir, you are the only member of this party I feel remotely comfortable leaving Elphir with. Between all of these arguments and the way Elphir's face fell when he realized that he might not be going after all, Faramir had to give in. What choice did he have? Elphir never would have let him hear the end of it if he hadn't consented to go, and in all honesty, it didn't strike Faramir as fair that his cousin would have to stay at home just because he didn't want to go driving into Mordor. It was for this reason that Faramir was up at the very crack of dawn (five forty-five in the morning, to be precise), hefting a decidedly swollen duffel bag over his shoulder as he followed Boromir and Elphir out the door. Aragorn and Arwen were already in the van, which Faramir had noticed had had some modifications made to the interior since the last time he was inside. The second row of seats was gone, leaving only the front driver and passenger seat, and the bench-like (thankfully cushioned) seat in the very back. We're going to need room for everything we're taking with us, Aragorn pointed out, which Faramir supposed made sense, but he still couldn't help but think that this was going to adversely affect the weight distribution in the van, or something. "Come on!" Elphir shouted, one foot already inside the van as he waved to Faramir, who hung back on the front porch, frowning slightly. "Mordor's not going to get any closer on its own!" "Amazing." Faramir looked round to see his uncle leaning against the doorframe, taking a deep draught out of his coffee mug. "Even at fifteen, I don't think I had that sort of energy. Especially not at this forsaken time of morning." Despite the somewhat sardonic tone in his voice, Imrahil smiled over the top of his mug. Whether because he was still tired (Faramir might have been more of a morning person than his uncle, but not by much), or because he was still having misgivings about going on this trip at all, Faramir didn't return the smile. "Enjoy yourselves," Imrahil told him. "Be safe. Don't drive drunk, don't let anyone else drive drunk, don't pick up hitch-hikers, unless it's Gandalf, in which case you'll probably be alright, that sort of thing." Now Faramir could smile, even if only faintly. The idea of Gandalf joining them actually sounded somewhat enjoyable, even if it would lead to the van being even more cramped than it was already going to be. At least they'd get some good stories out of it; they'd just have to keep Gandalf from lighting up his pipe while they were in the van. Everybody knew how Aragorn felt about smoke fumes clinging to the upholstery… "I will. We will." As he headed towards the van, Imrahil shouted after them all, "Don't do anything stupid! Call me if anything goes wrong!" They drove out of sight, down the dusty road into the hot, bright world. -0-0-0- June 24, 3003 TA Uncle Imrahil suggested to me that if I thought boredom would overwhelm me, I should keep a travel log to stave it off. Given that I haven't got anything better to be doing (I brought books with me, and I filched a book of crossword puzzles from the basket under the coffee table, but I don't want to run through them on the first), I decided I may as well. This is being written on the left-over pages of the notebook I used to take notes in Calculus II, so if anyone who might happen upon this journal is wonder why there's a summer diary in the back, that's why. I imagine it will be the most interesting thing anyone's ever found in the back of a Calculus II notebook. Aragorn said it would take us five days to get to Mount Doom. When I asked him if he meant that it would take five days to get there including our arrival, or if he meant that it would take us five days to get to Mordor, and we'd arrive at our destination. He went with the "I say five days but I really mean six days" route. He says we're going to take the road skirting the beach until we get to the mouth of the Anduin; the road through the mountains might be more direct, but there are less people there, and less chance of finding help if we break down. So in order to take "the scenic route", we've added a good day and a half onto our journey. Delightful. Boromir, Aragorn and I drove in four-hour shifts today. It was actually quite practical; Boromir surprised me by saying that it was his idea, considering that I imagined him as the sort to insist on driving the whole way by himself. (In retrospect, I should have known better; Aragorn loves this van far too much to suffer a rival behind the steering wheel for more than a few hours at a time) The idea was that it would keep anyone from getting too tired or too sick of driving. And, yes, it's just the three of us driving. Elphir hasn't got his driver's license yet; he hasn't even got a learner's permit. Arwen confided, somewhat shame-faced I think, that in all the years since cars were invented in Middle Earth, she's never been able to pass the driving exam for one. "You see, when I was your age, relatively speaking, I learned how to ride a horse and drive a wagon. Whenever I wished to travel I rode in carriages; I was not expected to drive anything . I only learned to drive a wagon because I wished to and Father indulged me. Cars have been around for less than one hundred years, and anyone who tells you that Elves have a hard time adjusting to new technology was not speaking in jest. Not in the case of this Elf, at least." I found that rather fascinating, and though I am truly ashamed to admit it, I spent the better part of the next half-hour questioning Arwen on what it was like to be alive when she was "our age, relatively speaking." I've read about it from history books, but given that Arwen was actually there to see a great deal of it happen, somehow her story seemed the more fascinating tale. I may or may not have made a complete fool out of myself, but she didn't seem to mind, not really; she put up with my questions with good grace. She's very kind, I've noticed, is Arwen. I also think she doesn't get people showing genuine interest in her past and the past in general very often. I suppose if I had been alive back then, I'd have been calling her "Lady Arwen." That sounds odd. Very odd. I noticed that she and Aragorn made eyes at each other all through lunch today when we stopped; I wonder if Master Elrond knows. We've stopped at hideously cheap roadside motel. I think I saw rats scurry away when I turned on the light to the room I'm sharing with Elphir, but then again, they may well have been cockroaches, and