Summary: Alice Elizabeth Bennett was on a hiking holiday with her family when she unexpectedly fell and ended up in the Harry Potter universe. Follow as Alice has to learn to adapt to her new world, come to terms with the status of being a witch, and save herself from making changes to a story-line she inevitably changed the moment she landed in this universe. Welcome, Alice, to Wonderland. Disclaimer: I own nothing from this story, a part from OC Alice Bennett. Author Note: Welcome to Alice in Wonderland. I hope you enjoy the story, please R&R! I would love to read your reaction to this story. Chapter One: Down the Rabbit Hole 7th August 1991 On the humid summer evening of 7th August 1991, Albus Dumbledore strolled into the Leaky Cauldron. Adorned in extravagant violet robes, embroiled with silver stars and crescent moons, pointed scarlet shoes that peered out from the bottom of his billowing robes, a gold buckled-belt that his silk-like silver hair and beard was tucked into, even he looked out of sorts as he stepped into the pub filled with wizards, witches, goblins and other magical creatures alike. Like most nights in the Leaky Cauldron, the room was filled with people—some who glanced at the extravagantly dressed wizard an eye as he entered, others that barely noticed his presence. Albus Dumbledore peered around the misty room through his half-moon glasses before making his way over to the bar, where a familiar wizard and owner of the Leaky Cauldron—Tom—stood, cleaning a glass and conversing with customers across the bar. The bald wizard looked at him, recognition immediately crossing his features, as he approached. "Ah, Mr. Dumbledore, sir." The barman said, greeting Albus with a welcoming smile. "What a pleasure. Can't say I've seen you around here in a while. What can I do for you, good sir? A drop of Dragon Barrel Brandy, was it?" Albus tapped his figures together and chuckled. "No, thank you Tomas—though, well done for remembering." "I never forget a customer's drink, Mr. Dumbledore." Tom nodded proudly. "If I can't offer you a drink, then what can I do for ye?" Albus stepped closer to the bar. "Actually, I was wondering whether you would be so kind as to show me to the whereabouts of a Miss Alice Bennett?" A flicker of recognition flickered through Tom's eye once more. "The young lass said she would be expecting a visitor"—Tom frowned, and looked at Albus Dumbledore with slight suspicion—"Said she wrote to someone and was expecting them to turn up. Seemed very eager, indeed. Alas, I didn't expect it to be you, Mr. Dumbledore." Tom folded the dish-towel in his hand and placed it behind the bar. "Very well, I will take you to her." "Thank you Tomas." Albus said, watching as Tom moved out from the bar and lead Albus towards the staircase on the far side of the room—to the living quarters of the pub. Dumbledore didn't mutter a word to Tom until they had left the lively room and were now walking through a wonky, creaking dark corridor, lit only by the small lanterns on the walls. "Tell me, Tomas, how long has Miss Bennett been staying here?" "She arrived not a week ago, sir." Tom informed a thoughtful look on his face. "She seemed flustered, almost like she didn't even know where she was, in muggle clothing and muttering something about being 'lost' and 'falling'. The lass were awfully shaken, with just a handful of muggle money on her. I thought about getting the Ministry involved—thought maybe she was attacked, she had no wand on her, but she insisted that she hadn't. There was no chance she could have been a Muggle, she managed to find this place for starters, and she didn't look surprised by wands or anything. Thought maybe she is a Squib." Dumbledore could see the evident concern on Tom's face, as they pulled to a stop outside a door. "Well, here ye are. Just call if you need anything, Mr. Dumbledore." "Very kind, Tomas, thank you." Tom nodded, taking one last glance at the door, before turning and disappearing back down the corridor. Dumbledore watched as Tom disappeared until finally turning his attention to the old wooden door. He raised a hand and knocked twice. . . then waited. There was a thumping sound, followed by a soft curse, which was shortly followed by footsteps. Seconds later, a lock clicked and the door cracked open. Dumbledore saw a large doe-like brown eye peer out from behind the door. "Hello." Dumbledore spoke, softly, peering down at the large eye, a flash of porcelain skin, and half of a button-like nose that had appeared. "Miss Bennett, I presume?" " Professor Dumbledore… You came. You really came." the girl murmured. Her voice was quiet, feminine and there was a strong hint of nervousness and awe. By what Dumbledore could see of her face and her voice, the girl seemed no older than a Seventh Year at Hogwarts. "I-I mean, yes—yes that is me." The girl stuttered. Dumbledore smiled kindly at the girl, a slight twinkle in his eye. "May I come in?" "Yes! Yes, of course," the girl flustered, she stepped back, and the door swung open to reveal a small bedroom. A moment later, the girl's face appeared from behind the door, revealing a head of mahogany hair, heart-shaped face and plump rosy lips. "P-Please come in, Prof-I mean Mr. Dumbledore." She stumbled over her words, gesturing with a shaky hand for Albus to come in. Albus gave her a reassuring smile, that he hoped would calm her nerves, before stepping forward. Albus didn't turn until he heard the door clicked softly behind him. She remained by the door, flushed cheeks and fidgeting with the hem of her sleeves. She was wearing a black muggle dress that was worn and torn in places. And judging by the emptiness of the room, she had nothing else to wear. After a few moments of silence, Albus broke the air. "I must admit, I was quite surprised to receive your letter Miss Bennett"— "Alice." The girl interrupted. Albus noticed the girl was small, no more than 5"3 perhaps. "Please, call me Alice. And feel free to take a seat." Alice gestured to one of the rickety chairs, across the room. "Very well, Alice ." Albus gracefully whished across the room and sat down. Alice carefully perched herself on the edge of the bed, opposite him. "Why is it that you contacted me, of all people, and not the Ministry—whom would be more equipped to this . . . situation ?" Alice blushed and uncomfortably pulled at the hem of her dress. "I-I . . . I considered it at first. But I knew, out of everyone, you were one of the people I knew I could trust." Albus lifted a questionable brow. "As soon as Fudge were to hear my story, he would probably have me sent straight to St. Mungo's for psychiatric tests . . . or worse, straight to Azkaban." Alice shuddered. "I-I know my letter probably sounded completely bizarre. You probably thought I was completely crazy, but I hope, some of the things I wrote might have given you the slightest feeling I was telling the truth?" Albus sat back in his chair, twiddled his thumbs, giving her a hard wondering stare. "I must admit, the things you knew about me, were quite convincing. I wondered if you had some kind of involvement with my brother; perhaps he somehow let slip of my past." Alice shook her head furiously. "N-No." she said, hardly. "I have never spoken to your brother." Albus continued to stare. "Hm," he said. "Yes, well, that was what Aberforth said too . . . he—unlike I—had never heard of the name Alice Bennett before." Alice shuffled uncomfortably on the bed, the springs of the bed squeaking with protest. "Which lead me to believe that you were either an alley of Grindelwald himself,"—Albus raised a hand as Alice moved to interrupt—"But, while possible, I thought it highly unlikely. Many of Grindlewald's supporters disappeared the moment he was placed in Nurmengard, where he is now living out the last of his years. It seems highly unlikely that his supporters were to now, of all chances, return."—Albus twiddled his thumbs thoughtfully—"Which later led me onto thinking that perhaps you, my dear, have a gift of clairvoyance. However, there are little magical beings—a part from the centaurs—that have the ability to know things about one thing without lying eyes upon you. Should you have in-fact been a seer, you would have been able to predict my future, not my past."—Albus paused and looked at Alice with an intense, stare through pale blue orbs—"This concludes me to have no choice but to believe your story, Alice Bennett." The young girl stared at the elderly wizard for several long, calculating minutes. "Y-You believe me?" "Indeed." Albus Dumbledore murmured, nodding his head surely. "Now," he cleared his throat loudly. "Tell me, Alice, how did you manage to fall from an alternative universe where our whole wizarding existence is just mere fiction?" Alice fidgeted, looking down at her hands, frown forming on her lips. "I was hiking . . ." ... August 13th 1991 Alice Bennett stared at herself in the mirror, carefully combing through her mahogany curls. It was a Saturday, and one of the rare days that Alice wasn't spending working in the Leaky Cauldron. It also happened to be a warm, sunny day also so Alice thought she would spend the day in Diagon Alley. In the span of two weeks that Alice had spent in this universe, Alice had now visited Diagon Alley more times to count on her bare hands—out of wonder, bedazzlement and excitement. She wouldn't do much; she would usually walk up and down the cobbled streets, sometimes she would browse shops, and on one occasion—when the weather really was beautiful—she sat outside Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour eating a small cone of ice-cream, people-watching. However, today was different; today Alice would be visiting Diagon Alley, baring a small pouch of golden coins and a list attached to a letter from Dumbledore himself. Since Dumbledore's visit a week ago, Alice had received an owl with a letter and a purple velvet pouch of Galleons from Dumbledore. In the letter, Dumbledore had insisted that Alice were to use the coins to buy some new attire and necessities. Reading Dumbledore's kindness had brought a tear to Alice's eye. With Dumbledore's help, she would now be able to afford to stay at the Leaky Cauldron for another month, and could finally find something to wear other than the shaggy dress she had been wearing the day she arrived on this universe. Alice's hand-froze as she thought back to that day—the day she fell down the rabbit hole. Alice had been hiking with her family; she had wandered too far ahead—far off the tracks, when she fell. She remembered hearing her mother's screams as she lost her balance and slipped from the rocky cliff edge before the darkness came. After that, she woke up in a damp, deserted alleyway, in central London, just outside the Leaky Cauldron… 25 years before her time. Before now, Alice had always been a reader of the Harry Potter books—an avid fan, I suppose you could say. Her mother read her and her younger brother Henry the books as children, and when she was old enough to read the books herself, her nose was glued to the pages—eyes swiping from one page to the next in matter of minutes. As a child, she dreamt of walking through the stone halls of Hogwarts, along the cobbled streets of Diagon Alley and Hogsmeade . . . now here she was: stuck in a fictional universe with no explanation of how or why she got here—and with no possibility of going home. "Stop crying, child, you'll make