My name is Aurora Snow. I am President Snow's granddaughter, and I will pay the price for his sins. Today is the final Reaping Day. Today, the final Hunger Games begin. I woke up at the crack of dawn, unable to sleep at all. Nightmares of what was no doubt coming had me tossing and turning all night. I stumbled out of bed, groggy and exhausted. I thought about going to check on my baby cousin, but I was sure she was still asleep, and I didn't want to wake her up. Instead, I hopped into the shower. I deliberately took as long as possible. Only a few showers remained. Blistering hot water cascaded down my body. Steam filled the air until a solid mist made it difficult to see. I stood there for hours, letting the water irritate my skin. While there, I thought about how it had come to this. As punishment for the first rebellion, the Hunger Games had been initiated to prevent further uprisings from the districts. For seventy-three years, twenty-four tributes went to the arena. For seventy-three years, one would return to his or her home district, where he or she would live a life of wealth and luxury. That was the prize for winning, as well as instant celebrity status in the Capitol. They were rewarded for being the best, the ones with the strength, intelligence, and overall luck to survive. The Capitol even rewarded the entire district when its tribute was victorious, raining parcels filled with goods down upon the citizens. I could only assume the first few years were the most exciting, as well as the most difficult for the contestants. They would have no previous concept of the Games, no time to prepare for what they could encounter. And who were the mentors? Every tribute had a Victor to guide them from outside the arena. Mentors secured sponsors, sent gifts, and often meant the difference between life and death. As the years passed, the number of Victors increased obviously and more and more districts had at least one person to supervise the young tributes. Some districts, particularly two, came to see the Games as a way to earn honor and glory. Someone volunteered almost every year. The Capitol audience loved it. Two was the only district that treated the Games similarly to how we did, as momentous occasions that deserved the attention and expenditure given. I didn't think anyone in the Capitol ever considered the Games as something barbaric or cruel, especially not in the last fifty years. We were all raised on it. It was a part of the culture, who we were. How ignorance destroyed us. The seventy-fourth year was when everything changed. Katniss Everdeen volunteered for her sister, which automatically made her stand out. Such selflessness inspired the people. Then she had the most talented stylist, Cinna, to ever design outfits for the tributes. He and his partner made her and her district partner Peeta unforgettable. They looked stunning throughout the entire process. She scored an eleven in training. No one knew why as the public had no access to what they demonstrated. It would have been unfair. Then Peeta declared his love for her during his interview. She had made herself a saint, Cinna had made her beautiful and striking, and Peeta had made her desirable, an object of affection. Everyone loved those games so much. For the first time, a love story unraveled in the arena. It enthralled the Capitol. When the gamemakers double-crossed her, she proposed suicide, which Peeta agreed to without hesitation. Instead of no Victor, we had two. Apparently, that moment sparked the rebellion, but I couldn't see how. No, revolution had been coming long before that sixteen year old girl did what it took to survive. We just hadn't seen it. Probably because we weren't looking for it. Then they sent the Victors back into hell. The third quarter quell, which had to have been a set-up to kill Katniss, broke the sanctity of the Games. Victors were supposed to be untouchable. But they weren't, not really. No one was safe from the wrath of the Capitol. I knew my grandfather. Killing twenty-two other people to ensure Katniss died would not have bothered him. He would have reveled in the bloodshed had it worked out as he planned. District Thirteen rescued several of the tributes from the arena, and then the war started in full. Capitol citizens were so confused by Katniss standing against them. Hadn't we given her everything? How could she turn on us like that when we practically worshipped her? The naive fools. The Capitol blamed Katniss Everdeen and District Thirteen for the current situation. Them and their stupid rebellion that ruined our lives and destroyed the world we knew. Realistically, the Capitol could blame no one but itself. We tormented the districts, stole their goods, left them to starve, and murdered their children every year for our entertainment . Watching her first games, I thought the gamemakers had reached new levels of low. Anyone with sense knew the two of them could not both escape the arena. They were being played. The Capitol's citizens were being played. And like good dolls, we danced the way our masters wished. One thing you learned being related to the highest government official in the country was the power of the those in charge and the helplessness of everyone else. Grandfather taught me about basic politics when I was still little. I thought it was because he wanted me to navigate the duplicitous waters of the Capitol's leaders. I wasn't so sure anymore. I think he wanted to highlight a specific point in our society: appearances were everything. I too mourned the state of Panem. Countless were dead, children were left orphaned, and victims everywhere cried out for justice. But I also understood it was the Capitol's fault. The Dark Days were only the beginning. Eventually, the oppressed rise to overthrow the oppressors. How did the government never suspect such treachery? And yet, I wondered if it could really be considered treachery on the districts' part. Could you betray something that tormented you? Could you bite the hand that supposedly feeds you if it never gives you food? In retrospect, I realized the evils we unleashed upon the districts. I was part of it. We all were. The Hunger Games were our sport, our gauntlet, our everything. What did we care that twenty-three families would suffer immense pain? We had what we wanted. They didn't matter. They could never matter. Even now, I found that I remembered some of the games fondly. I remembered how I felt witnessing the violence, the hardship. Maybe we were drawn to it because these were things we'd never experienced. Never would experience. And now we had. The rebellion had come to the Capitol. Buildings were ruined, lives, even lives of children, were lost, and nothing would ever be the same again. I watched the bombing that ended the war. Packages exploded among the children outside the president's mansion. Limbs flew in every direction. Screams of agony followed, chasing after the departed arms and legs, as though they could catch them and bring them back. Blood stained the ground. Pools of blood grew until the original color of the surface couldn't be determined. The biggest difference between the first rebellion and the second was that the Capitol had finally lost. The weak, pathetic districts rose above us. It wasn't surprising. We relied on them for everything. We had convinced ourselves the districts could not live without us, but really, the Capitol needed them far more than they needed us. Before they executed my grandfather for his crimes, the remaining Victors, all seven of them, decided whether to have a final, "symbolic" Hunger Games or not. The individual votes weren't released, but it wasn't hard to guess who said what. Three voted no, four voted yes. Katniss' younger sister, the one she tried so hard to protect, died in that explosion. There was no way Katniss voted no. Not after facing the arena twice. Not after she lost the only thing no one doubted she loved. The new leaders announced that there would be a reaping, and the number of entries would be directly linked to a child's age and relations. If someone was older or had a father, uncle, grandfather, etc. that was high up in the government, they became significantly more likely to have his name drawn. That left me in the awkward predicament of being eighteen and a direct descendant of the corrupt, wretched president when they planned to exact their revenge. The original idea was to send one Capitol child for every district child that had ever died in the arena. Unfortunately for the bloodthirsty rebels, seventy-five times twenty-three happened to be a very large number. They had to settle for one Capitol child per year, so seventy-five of us would be launched into an arena. True to Hunger Games fashion, only one of us would come back out. That's almost twice as many as the second quarter quell, where forty-eight ventured in and only one survived. Haymitch Abernathy, Katniss's mentor, won that year. Here in the Capitol, footage of his games, along with the first Quarter Quell, were aired frequently in anticipation of the third one, the one where everything went wrong. He voted yes too. He and Katniss, who had both made fools of gamemakers, no doubt took the same side in that meeting. I could thank both of them for the carnage that was coming. Now that I was at risk for the Games, I saw them in a different light. I understood how thousands of kids must have felt every year, fearing their names would be drawn. My mother called my name. I reluctantly turned the water off and grabbed a towel. I hated leaving my sanctuary. I was safe in that shower. I was home. After drying off, I quickly found some clothes and got dressed. I walked into the kitchen. Mom stood by the stove, flipping pancakes. My favorite. "Morning, dear," she said calmly, as though it was a regular day. "Hey mom." She passed a plate with four pancakes stacked on top of one another to me. I drizzled the perfect amount of syrup onto them. I walked to the refrigerator, grabbed the juice, found a cup in the cabinet, and set them both down on the counter. I wasn't that hungry, but my mom went to the trouble of cooking, and it would have been rude to not try. The juice was easier to swallow. My cousin, Reyna, woke up while I ate. I heard her crying down the hall. My mother ran out to check on her and make sure she was okay. My only consolation in this circumstance was that she was only two, and there was no way she could enter the arena. My mother returned with the baby in her arms. This was all that was left of my family. My grandfather was trampled to death during his execution when Katniss assassinated President Coin, the leader of district thirteen, instead of shooting the man who had annihilated her district. My father, two uncles, and aunt were all prisoners still. The rebellion ended six months ago, and I hadn't seen any of them since the Capitol surrendered. "Aurora," my mother said, "I want you to go get ready. Wear the red dress. It looks so good on you." I knew which dress she was talking about. It was my eighteenth birthday present from grandfather. I'd worn it to my party, where he'd put a single red rose in my hair. I sauntered off into my room, my feet dragging. I was in no hurry. I found the dress she had requested in my closet. It really was lovely. A strapless, floor length dress that showed my figure. I felt no desire to wear