Chapter 1 One year. One year has gone by since the 74th Hunger Games and everything has gone back to normal for Journey and Gale. Well.. as normal as it can be for 2 kids who spent a week killing and seeing people get killed. Journey still had her nightmares and sometimes even have flashbacks of the games from time to time. And Gale.. well Gale also has nightmares of the games and takes out his frustration and anger of the Games by hunting. Gale still goes hunting with Katniss. The money from the Capitol will never stop him from doing what he does best. Mostly the game he gets he gives to Katniss and her family. Journey offered to joined them and help in the winter season because it's getting hard to hunt when it's freezing. I guess you could say Gale and Journey have become friends in a way, but it is hard to be friends with someone who you've shared your first kiss with. Gale notices how uncomfortable and quiet she gets and tries to have her open up, but she shuts him out further. Journey's birthday had passed in the fall. She is now 14 and she sees herself getting older physically. Her body is more curvy and her face more oval shaped. Her hair has also grown a lot, so now her curls meet at the middle of her back. On a very cold, grey day at District 12, Journey waits silently in the forest for her hunting partners to arrive. She is curled up trying to keep warm in her black fur jacket that hugged her upper body. As she sits and wait she thinks about the games. JPOV I'm kneeling down on the frozen dirt looking up at the sunrise while . I always love looking at the orange, pink, and red colors swirled together in the morning sky. The cold air nipping at my skin making my cheeks and nose red, so I try and snuggle more into my leather/fur jacket. My knee gets soaked with crunched snow on the grown as I hold on tightly to my wooden bow as if my life depended on it. Only a year ago.. it did. SNAP! My instincts took over, and I turned abruptly with my bow up and arrow pointed straight out towards… Gale. "Woah, woah easy there. It's just me." I breath in and out calming myself and see my breath in the cold air as I lower my bow. "Maybe I should wear a cat bell next time, so you won't kill me." He says in a joking matter. Too bad I don't find it funny. "Sorry I didn't mean to... where's Katniss?" I noticed that she wasn't standing by Gale as she would every time we met in the woods. "She couldn't make it today. Her mom forced her to stay home and help with something." I nodded my head in understanding. "So when does the tour leave?" He asks me. I had totally forgotten about the tour, then I remember the letter from Effie. "A couple of hours I think. I say. I see the his jaw clench and then relaxed a bit. "How are you feeling about the tour?" He asks me. I didn't really know how I felt to be honest. I was trying my best to find something to look forward to, but I didn't want to go. "I guess I just want it to be over. It's not like we have a say in going or not" and that was true. We didn't have a say in what to do in our lives, but I guess you get used to that when you live a placed ruled by higher class society "How are you feeling about the tour?" I asked back. "To be honest I really am not looking forward to it. I hate pretending to be somebody that I'm not." All I could do was nod, understanding what he was talking about. It seemed to get a little too quiet for my liking. "You know, I saw a few turkeys on the way here. We should go and check it out." I perk up at the word turkey. We haven't seen anything other than birds for awhile. "Okay. I wanna catch something extra today so I can traded for Haymitch's ' Gift' before it's time to get ready for the tour." With that, we went into the woods to check out the snares we left yesterday. As we were walking I could feel Gale's heat radiate off him and I walked closer to him. He noticed, but thankfully didn't say anything. When we found our snare trappes, I found that I caught a rabbit while Gale caught a rabbit and a bird. I was getting even better at snares thanks to Gale. He walked over and handed me the bird. I looked up at him. "No it's fine. Give it to the Everdeens." "Didn't you say you needed an extra game to trade?" He asked as he forwarded his eyebrows in confusion. "Yeah but I can catch my own game Gale." As we were passing the frozen river, I heard a few noises coming from across it and I slowed my walking. I hopped over a few rocks and saw turkeys in a large group. I grinned to myself and told Gale to get down. I crouch down beside him and slowly and carefully take out an arrow. I pull it back and find a good aim. Breath in.. Breath out.. Breath in.. and shoot. I shot...a boyl! Oh my God I killed someone! I killed..Marvel! The Games. Rue. Spear. Screaming. Death… blood. GPOV "AH! AHHH! NO! RUE! NO!" I heard Journey yell. "Hey hey! Whoa whoa whoa it's alright." I stand up and try to calm her down but it was like she couldn't hear me. I tried touching her shoulder but she just started to panic even more and swatted my hand away. "AHH! NO! NO DON'T TOUCH ME! DON'T TOUCH ME!" "Shh Journey. It's okay. It's okay you're out. You're safe! You're here with me. Shh" She seems to snap out of her episode and recollects herself as she looks around with realization on her face. "Oh my… I-I'm so sorry I just...I" She says. I shake my head no and say that it's okay. But we both know it's not. It's not okay and it's the Capitol's fault that she's like this! " I-we should g-go" She picks up her bow and starts walking. I never actually seen her have an episode before today, but her mother told me that she has them a lot lately. It saddens me to know that she has these things. No one should go through that. The games definitely changed her for the worst and I hate it! JPOV I can't believe I just freaked out on Gale! I never wanted him to see me like that, and now he gives me that kicked puppy look. I don't need anymore pity! I already have it from my mother, Prim, and Katniss and I don't need it from Gale. We hide our bows in our tree log, and we walk in silence to the fence. I step my foot over one of the wires, then I swing my body in between the two wires and was now back in District 12. People were just going about their daily lives that never change. Coal miners were walking to the mines with their usual gloomy expressions but I couldn't blame them. They were risking their lives every day for only a small amount of money that barely paise. Gale and I walk to the Hub to trade some stuff. I walk over to a woman making whisky. Since I didn't catch anything extra, I decided to use my plan B. My spoons to trade. "Um hi, can I get two bottles please?" I ask. She smiles at me showing only one tooth. "Of course sweetie." She then pours some in two small bottles and hands them to me. I trade it with three silver spoons from home… well the Victors Village. Then Gale made his trade which he yet told me about and then we walk back to the Victors Village. "So are you sure you're feeling okay with doing the tour?" Gale asks me out of nowhere. "Yes, why wouldn't I be…. Gale look I'm not going to have another episode if that's what you're worried about." "I am worried! I'm worried about you! You could have one during the tour on camera or in front of Haymitch and Effie." "Gale the tour is only for a few weeks…" "Yeah well a lot could happen in a few weeks Journey." I ignore his comment and just walk the rest of the way up the hill in silence. When we pass the entrance gate, me and Gale part ways as he goes to his house. I see Midnight perched up on the frozen fountain and decided to give him a pet. He reaches for my hand and starts to pur. I mentally awe at his cuteness and kept on walking. I then walk up to Haymitch's house which is similar to mine and the rest. Big, grand, but dull. I knock on the door several times, but no answer. So I took the liberty of letting myself in. When I did I could hear the glass bottles on the floor sway from opening the door and I know that he's been drinking. I walk to his dining room and saw him sitting down with his face smushed into the mahogany table snoring and a cup of what smells like moonshine. I walk over to him and shake him. Nothing seems to be working. "Haymitch! Wake up, come on it's Tour day! HAYMITCH!" Damn it! I mentally curse. I hate drunks! I grab the cup of moonshine and I see a knife gently tucked under his right hand. I move away from his right side and move to his far left because I know that when I pour this on him, he's going to grab that knife. I dump the moonshine down on him and.. "AHHH!" He grabs the knife and starts swinging it around until he notices me. "Are you out of your freaking mind!?" He gives me a death glare and points the knife at me. "No but Effie will be if you're not ready soon. It's Tour day and the cameras will be here in an hour." He slams the knife down and then sits back in his chair with a groan. "Did you really have to do that!?" "HEY! If you want to be treated like a baby than you should've asked Peeta." "Should've asked Peeta what?" I hear Peeta say as he walks in with what looks like coco bread. I wasn't really surprised to see him here. Ever since I told him how bad Haymitch was with his drinking, Peeta has made it his mission to try and get him to ease off it. Kind of like how he tried to help my mother when she used to be drunk. That was always Peeta. Caring about others, I guess I got some of my traits from him but they don't always show... " Asked you to wake me without giving me an ammonia! You know Journey, you are a strangely dislikable little girl." I lift an eyebrow and then place the two bottles in front of him. "But you do have your virtues." He says now smiling as he happily takes one of the bottles. I roll my eyes at him. "Do you want bread Journey?" He says. Things have been distant between us these past couple months. I haven't been to the bakery because I've been helping Gale and Katniss hunt, and when I'm not hunting he's hanging around Katniss. It's not that I don't like them together, I think they