Chapter 1 AHHHHHHHHH! NO! I hear as I was woken up from my sleep. I jump up to see Prim in cold sweat and shaking. 'Where's Katniss?' I look up at the old clock on the wall and see that it's early morning. 'Oh. She's hunting" I think to myself. I quickly hug Prim and as I am, I hear her whisper "it was me… She picked me." I close my eyes and take in a deep breath. She had A nightmare of the Reaping again. I was only staying here for the night, but for the past month, she's been having nightmare of the Reaping. I've been having them too. I quickly say "It's alright Prim. They can't pick you. This is your first year." She just nods and I lay her down. "Do you want me to sing?" She smiles and nods her head. I decide to sing the song that Katniss would always sing to me. 'Deep In The Meadow' " Deep in the meadow, under the willow. A bed of grass, A soft green pillow…" Prim starts to sing along and in 2 minutes she was out cold with buttercup laying on her chest. I smile to myself as I see those two. I always loved buttercup. I took that as my cue to leave, so I grabbed my boots and went out the door. Now I'm not an Everdeen. I'm a Lavender. My mother is Autumn Lavender and is a recovering drunk. She started drinking when my father died in the mine explosion along with and a lot of other men. But it took months of arguments and long nights for her to quit. My brother Flex Lavender is only 9 years old and sweet as can be. I'm sweet too but I have a little spunk in me once in awhile. Me and my brother both have light caramel skin, and black hair, and chocolate brown eyes. Our mother is pale ,and red hair, and chocolate eyes too. As I'm walking in the streets, I see kids getting ready early for the Reaping, old men picking through garbage, and little kids playing and running around. I've only been in the Reaping once and that was last year. I'm 13 now and practically raising my brother. Mom helps, but when she was a drunk, I was raising him 24/7. I love my baby brother, but I'm never having kids. That's what I tell myself almost everyday. Today, the smoke in the air isn't as bad and there are hardly any clouds in the sky, so some sunlight is streaming through. I'm wearing a black t-shirt and a black light jacket and some grey leggings with black boots. I'm really glad that I did wear boots today because it is very muddy from yesterday's rain. When I make it to my house, I see mother lying on the green, broken, dusty old couch in the middle of our small living room. As I look closely at her hands, I see a little clear bottle and I quickly know what that was. Whisky. I was too nervous today to care. She drank the day before the Reaping last year too and I know she does it because she's worried about me. But, I just hope I don't get picked, or she might end up like her old self again. When I walk in to Flex, and I's small bedroom, I see him on the bed that me and him share. He's curled up in a ball and I couldn't help but giggle. He was really cute! Then at my feet I see my kitten Midnight rub up against me. I named him that because of his fur. His fur is black as night, with beautiful green eyes. I bend down to pet him once and decided that I should go and see Peeta, so I walk over to Flex and kiss him on his forehead and leave. Peeta Mellark is my best friend,other than Prim of course. He's 16, 5'10, blond hair and blue eyes, with pale skin. His family owns the District Bakery and when ever my family needs food he kindly gives us something of theirs. We've been friends for 3 years now and it all started with him asking one question. "Do you know anything about Katniss Everdeen?" Peeta has had a crush on Katniss for as long as I can remember. I never told Katniss this because it wasn't my part to tell. When I arrived I sneak in the back of the bakery and I see Peeta stocking the back shelves with bread. Just looking at it makes my mouth water. I didn't even notice him until he chuckled. "Hungry J.J?" I playfully glare at him for calling me J.J. I never liked that nickname. "Ok. What did I tell you about calling me J.J?" He just rolls his eyes, and I smirk. "And to answer your question, of course I'm hungry! We haven't eaten in 3 days." I told him. His face dropped, but he reached over to grab a loaf of bread and gave it to me. I happily took it and hugged him. When I was about to leave I heard him say something that made me freeze in place. "Happy Hunger Games" he said in a sad voice. I turned around and said in Effie Trinket's annoying voice "and may the odds be ever in your favor." We both gave a small laugh and said bye to one another and wished each other luck. When I was walking back, I saw peacekeepers setting up the District square with a stage, lights, screens, and cameras. I felt a little sick as I saw the stage. 'What if….' I tried to shake those thoughts out of my head and quickly got inside. When I did, I saw mother walk out with pretty light blue dress. My brother was sitting on the couch wearing a black dress shirt and matching pants. I run over to him and say "aww. Who is this handsome young man I see!" I smile and so does he. Showing his missing front tooth. I hear mother from the back say "Journey. It's time to get ready sweety." My smile falters and and I start to shake a little. "O-ok mom." I get in the tub, which is more like a giant bucket and start to scrub and wash everywhere I could. The water quickly was turned into dirty water, and I got out. I went over to the blue dress hanging on the wall and put in on along with some white heel shoes. My mother braids my hair in the back with one braid going down from the top of my head. My mother shows me how I look in the mirror, barely seeing myself because the glass is so dirty and scratched up. "You look so beautiful sweety," I just nod and turn away from the mirror as I heard the whistle. My mother's smile drops and says "O-ok. Time to go" I'm shaking now and I hold on to my brother's hand for dear life. He's 4'7, and I'm 5'3 so it's kinda hard to hold on. We walk outside, and because of the mud, my shoes are already messed up. I just snicker, shake my head, and keep moving. Every child was out now and we were all either wearing white, or blue. I hear a scream and my name being called. "JOURNEY!" I look closely and see Prim holding Katniss' hand. I wave at them and I quickly hugged my mother, and my brother saying I love u. Then we parted ways, and I was walking with Prim holding my hand, and Katniss on the other side. Me and katniss were sorta friends. We don't hang out and stuff like me and Prim, but we are still friends. We keep walking until we start to split up to have our blood takin. Prim starts to freeze and me and Katniss try to calm her down. "Prim listen to me. They are going to take a little bit of blood…" Prim cuts Katniss off "but you guys said" thats when I cut her off "no Prim. It only hurts a little, and it's really really quick. Ok?" She calms down and nods her head . Prim and goes first, then it's me, then Katniss. I see how worried Katniss is for Prim and I tell her "It's ok. I'll be up there with her because I'm 13 ok? I'll keep her calm" Katniss' face gives a sigh of relief and thanks me. I just smile and nod and say "no problem." I run up to Prim and hold her hand as we get in line. When we are all there, Effie Trinket gets on stage. I had to stop myself from laughing at her costume. A very very pink outfit, with matching eyeshadow, lips, and eyelashes. And her hair in a afro and is white, matching the color of her painted face with a pink hat at the top. She taps the mic before saying in a high voice "welcome! Welcome! Welcome! Happy Hunger Games! AND may the odds be ever in your favor…. Now before we begin, we have a very special film, brought to you all the way from the capitol!" It's sick how happy she sounds. The video is what they show every time. It always starts with 'War. Terrible war..' I look back at Katniss, and she isn't looking at the stage. She's looking at someone in the crowd. I can't see who, but she/he must've said something funny because she laughs. I turn back around to see Prim who is actually watching it. I just look down through the entire clip. Then I hear Effie say "I just LOVE that!" I roll my eyes. 'Of course you would.' "NOW! It is time to select one courageous male and female for the honor of representing District 12 in the 74th annual Hunger Games. As always.. ladies first." Oh god! It's time. My heart skips a beat and I start to sweat. I can feel Prim's hand tighten around mine, and I do the same. Effie walks to the bowl on her left and reaches in. She swirls her hand around for a bit until she grabs one and comes up to the mic and opens it. She takes a long pause until she says… "PRIMROSE EVERDEEN" Me and Prim both freeze. Our hands drop to our sides and the girls move to make a small path for Prim to walk through. Prim walks slowly out of the crowd and all I could do was stare. NO! NOT PRIM! My heart beats faster, and faster with each step Prim took. I quickly turn back to Katniss who looks as shocked as I do. She starts to run up to Prim, but the peacekeepers hold her back. She starts thrashing around and screaming "PRIM! PRIM NO!" I know what she is about to say, but I run up to Katniss and trying to stop her thrashing and I quickly put my hand over her mouth and I yell as loud as I can that my throat hurts.. "I VOLUNTEER! I VOLUNTEER!" Katniss stops thrashing and looks at me in horror, but I ignore her as I look at Effie straight in the eye. "I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!" I say with a confidence that I didn't know I had. The peacekeepers let Katniss go and me and her both run up to Prim and we give a group hug. Prim holds on tightly to me and she keeps screaming "no!" I say "Prim go with Katniss. "NO!" "YES! Go with your sister and go find ur mother. I'm so sorry Prim!" I say with tears forming in my eyes. Katniss pulls Prim off of me and picks her up. While Prim is screaming "NO!NO!NO!NO!" Katniss says in a sad voice "Up