A/N: OK…This is something I have been meaning to post since a very long time and I am just in love with it. I have about 24 chapters planned and 18 on paper (I know crazy, right?). I can bet you with my life that this is the only thing I think about and I love writing it. I love you for reading this :* DISCLAIMER: Anything you recognize is J.K Rowling's and only the plot belongs to me. CHAPTER 1: Too many Ginny Weasley's to deal with! "OH MERLIN! OH MERLIN!" said Albus as he paced his dormitory about ten times per second. His head was in his hands and drops of sweat trickled down his hairline to his jaw. That made James stop laughing at the entire situation. He just couldn't get enough of it already. He regained his posture. Albus felt as though nothing worse could have happened that day. He was guaranteed wrong but, it was definitely not the right time to break it to him. Thus, James stood opposite him, calm and serene with his hands folded, racking his brains to figure how years of skilled experience of causing trouble via pranks had not helped him to carry out a simple shenanigan! He had messed up the letter and lost his brother's faith (Not that he cared or anything but, he was too pessimistic to ignore any downsides). Truthfully, he liked drama in his life and it was fun to have something to think about. Plus, the way everything had turned out was truly hilarious. "Merlin's pants!" screeched Albus. That was followed by a series of curses which would have fazed an innocent ear. James was not one but, he was partially (or entirely, according to his parents) responsible for that little brother to grow into a decent human (again, according to his parents). Thus, despite being the initiator of Albus' profanity, James had to put an end to it, as if sensing a Howler from his mother already on the way. "Would you get your head out of your ass!" he said, taking Albus by the shoulders and looking straight into his eyes. "We still have a chance. I could go snoop it out of McGonagall's office. Or maybe-" "You'll do nothing of that sort!" said Albus vehemently. His green eyes turned to slits. He pushed away James and took a couple of steps behind. "We're in big trouble and you know there is no way out! Dad's going to kill us!" "Dad's in Belgium" Albus' eyes bulged out in horror and he said, "MOM'S GOING TO KILL US! That's even worse!" Albus' hands reached his hair and his fingers tangled them. 'Yeah, Mom will eat us alive.' James agreed internally. But, this was a thought which occurred to him almost thrice a day; hence it hardly fazed him anymore. But, James was done with Albus' behavior. Sure, he had screwed up and was the reason that the threat of being expelled now lingered over Albus and him. It is not like he did it on purpose. He had no idea that Longbottom had the letter charmed. He could have checked though…. It was only this one minute detail he had forgotten to consider. But, that happens to everyone! Albus' musings grew more once James gave up consoling him. A hundred repercussions crossed his mind, each one graver than the last. He pressed the bridge of his nose. "Albus are you Okay?" asked Luke from across Ablus' four poster bed. "Oh, yes. It's all bloody well." Albus waved away the trouble lightly. "Just figuring out a hundred more ways to KILL BLOODY JAMES POTTER!" His voice cracked with anger and he stood inches from James' face. That pushed James' buttons. "Would you just calm your freaking tits?" he said, exasperated. Ahem. Said a blonde from Randy's four poster bed. Jannet made a disapproving face and said, "Two girls in the room, you know?" The brunette next to Jannet piped up, "Not anymore." Audorie dragged Jannet by her wrist, made sure there was no eye contact between her and James and led Jannet through the door of the dormitory. Randy and Luke shared a look. As if on cue, Randy piped up: "I am pretty sure that I and Luke have a detention to attend." "Detention! I will be having detention for the first time in my life and it will all be because I listened to you." Albus looked like he was going to puke. His face turned yellow and his mouth soured. Several wrinkles appeared on his forehead. James had always thought that he doesn't even feel the prick of a needle when it comes to his brother but, he was wrong this time. He felt a lot more. Guilt? Nah! He felt pathetically annoyed. 'How can Albus make everything about himself?' he thought. 'Yes, I was supposed to get rid of the letter for him but, so what if I took advantage of the little owl? I needed that. I wanted to send her one letter, a letter which would change everything between us.' But, he couldn't tell Albus about her. It wouldn't be fair to her. James would disclose plenty of secrets in the process. James wasn't really sure if he had that authority. What James was really sure about was that his dickhead of a brother had to be taken out of his misery. "Seriously, Albus it was a mistake!" "Is that how you apologize?" "No. And I won't," he said as a matter of fact. When Albus started at him with rage in his eyes, James added, "We are brothers. We are supposed to screw it for each other! Yes, sometimes we may mess up and maybe one of us makes a mistake," he admitted and added with anticipation in his voice, "But, that is what the other is for. We are here to make things work when the other turns out to be an idiot. I am an idiot all the time! You know why? Because I know you will always side by me." James let silence speak for a while. "I know that in the end it will all be well. I know you will always have my back because I will always have yours." With that, he looked Albus straight in his eyes. His misty blue ones met Albus' larger green ones and they resonated with trust. "Bros are NEVER afraid to fail. A bro is always entitled to do something stupid as long as the other bros are doing it. Leave no bro behind." A smirk broke on his face. Awkward silence gorged the room. Randy leaned closer to Luke's ear and whispered, never taking his eyes off James, "It was actually touching until he started quoting the Bro code." "You guys think so? Thanks!" James spoke over Albus to Randy and Luke, grinning till the extent that his eyes lit up. As if on cue, Albus piped up, "Don't talk Barney Stinson with me!" He balled his fists. "What's the Bro code?" Luke replied back to Randy. Randy's eyes left James and snapped at Luke. "IT'S ONLY THE BEST BOOK EVER! You've got to see it!" Luke looked at the enraged Albus and the very amused James and said, "Well, there is nothing left here, is there?" With that they left their dormitory with the tension between James and Albus unwavered. When Albus' gaze did not leave James, James sighed, realizing that he had to talk and tell him the truth behind the letter. Truth can be a bitch sometimes. "Pftt! Albus, this is a pathetic fight. I mean I know I have been pathetic most of my life. But, this is too much even for me! In fact, it was so pathetic that your friends left too. Not that they're not pathetic enough most of-" "SHUT UP!" Albus cut James off. "They left because I refused to tell them what happened with the letter," he said once he had calmed down. 'Wow, Lily was right. He does look like a wazzock nutter when made mad,' was all James could think of. His eyes squinted to get a clearer look. "I can't tell people that I took advice from the Barmy James Potter!" he snapped. "Uh…ok," James snapped back to reality. His expression went from befuddled to forced concern. "I would like you to know that I am deeply hurt." He placed his hand on his chest to display mock hurt. Albus rolled his eyes. "And there is nothing else I would say to you because….." his voice faltered and he added, "because I am hurt." Disconcerted with himself for not being witty enough, James face-palmed internally but carried on anyway. "I prefer to say nothing to you so that my silence burdens you till eternity!" James said in a highly dramatic manner while raising his voice. James turned on his heel and smirked. 'I am so good with drama.' "James!" Albus ordered him back just when James placed his hand on the doorknob. James cringed and turned wincing, to face Albus. "You really think you can mess up my day and leave?" questioned Albus with a stern face. James' left eye twitched as he said, "I wanna say….no?" The next thing James knew, he was pushed on his way out or, as he would later explain to anybody who asked him what the arm wrestling, tickling and pinching was about, he was being 'escorted through the door'. "Why the hell is James Potter my brother?" Albus whined once he plopped on an armchair next to Audorie and Jannet. "'Said Mister whiney for hundred and twenty seventh time.'" Audorie dictated. Albus acted flattered, "You count?" "Ever since you asked 'How much more am I going to suffer at my parent's behest?'" with that Audorie returned to her Charms assignment. Luke and Randy approached them. Luke spoke up, "So are you going to tell us what crisis James cooked up this time?" "Um..." Albus pondered over what to say for a while and he could only come up with- "Guys…I am not proud of what I did. I was in a very embarrassing situation and I had to take help from James…" He let information sink in for some time. Until Luke spoke up, "Well, that sounds like something we should sit down for." He grabbed a chair and placed it next to Albus and the girls. Randy followed. Just as Albus was about to begin Luke interrupted: "Wait guys, I just remembered something! How do I look?" he questioned, running his hands through his silky blonde hair with a stupid grin across his face. His friends obliged to answer him turn by turn. "Old" said Albus. "Like a hippie" said Audorie. "Are you finally menstruating?" mocked Jannet with huge, cruel smile. "Pale. I told you, you should have had that cheesecake!" exclaimed Randy, throwing a fit. Luke took turns to gasp at each of his friends or to glare and give a 'How could you?' look. He took the longest with Jannet. He finally plucked up the courage to speak: "No, I meant how do my robes look-DON'T! TCH-JUST-DON'T!" Luke pointed fanatically at Jannet when she opened her mouth to answer with probably the most insulting reply ever. He added, "Albus, please just go with my thing." Luke raised his eyebrows at Albus expecting him to understand. "How do my robes look?" "Like normal school robes do- " Albus was cut mid sentence by Luke: "WHAT DID I SAY?" "You're robes look perfect on you," replied Albus in a robotic manner. "Thank you," said Luke, now smiling broadly, pleased. "I've been told I look better without them." With that, his smile became a smug and his friends' anticipated applause became groans of disgust. "EW" Albus had his face in his hands. Jannet and Audorie were still trying to come in terms with what they had just heard. "I don't know whether I should be