Disclaimer: This story is based on characters and situations created and owned by J.K. Rowling. No money is being made. Written for the Quidditch League – Season 5 Fanfiction Competition – Round 1 Round 1 – Not My OTP This is the round that was won by Ned (isaacswolfsbane) in Season 4 in The Daily Prophet competition. As part of this competition, everyone is in a team, and what would be nicer than writing a fic for one of your fellow teammates? Well, now is your chance. But this isn't your usual "write a fic for a friend" round. In this round, you will be writing a fic for a teammate, but you'll be writing their NOTP. This pairing may be the same as your NOTP, or it may be your OTP. Who knows? For some people this will be easier than others, but whatever the NOTP, it needs to be written romantically. Captain: Write your Keeper's NOTP. Keeper's NOTP : Voldemort/Harry Word Count: Captain of the Wimbourne Wasps The Flaw in the Plan " The Boy-Who-Lived… come to die." Harry had been expecting the bright green light. He had counted on it. That had been the plan all along. Harry woke up. That in and on itself was surprising; however, what was more so was the fact that he was laying on a soft bed. Harry knew that something had gone wrong when he didn't see that bright green light coming at him. He had known then, that death wouldn't be awaiting him, at least not right that instance—and that frightened him more than the idea of dieing ever had. He had been expecting could stone floors and rough stone walls. He had been expecting taunting and blood and pain. The fact that upon waking none of that greeted him, left him more apprehensive than he thought possible. Harry opened his eyes, squinting at the brightness in the room. He sat up on the bed, looking around. He frowned when he noticed how he could see the crisp detail of everything around him. His hand went to his face, his frown deepening when he found no glasses perched on his nose. His hand dropped to his lap, and he continued to look around the room. He took in the clear blue walls, with four large windows lining one of them. The floor was a rich brown, with deep blue rugs spread all over it. There was a couch facing a fireplace, accompanied by two armchairs and a short table. To his left, the wall was lined with three large bookcases that looked as if they were just barely holding up the weight of all the books. Beside them was a desk with parchment and quills neatly arranged on it. A little further down from them was a wardrobe, and immediately after that was an opening in the wall that lead to a bathroom. Harry took everything in. Once, twice, three times. Then he closed his eyes and slumped back on the bed. No matter how pretty it looked, Harry knew a cage when he saw one. Harry didn't know how much time passed, but he was roused from his state by a delicious scent. He dragged himself up, his eyes going to the small table right away. There was a warm meal sat on the table. Harry fell back down, turning his back on it. He ignored his stomach's angry protests and closed his eyes. He didn't know why he wasn't in some dungeon being tortured, he didn't know why Voldemort hadn't killed him, but he wouldn't play their sick game. He had gone hungry before, he could endure it now. Besides, maybe he would be lucky and die of starvation, at least then he wouldn't be subjugated to whatever Voldemort had planned for him. Harry kept track of the passage of time by the meals that kept popping into his cage. By his count, it was on the third day that Voldemort paid him a visit. "Eat." Harry was startled by the sound, having grown used to the deafening silence that filled his cage. He struggled to sit up—his plan on starving to death seemed to be going better than expected—and turned to face Voldemort. He glanced around and found no door through which Voldemort could have walked through. "Eat." "No." Harry almost winced at how raw his voice sounded. How long had it been since he had drank anything? "It is not poisoned." Harry just shook his head, eyes never leaving the blood red ones fixed on him. When Voldemort raised his hand, he was expecting to be cursed for his impudence, but the Dark Lord merely covered his eyes briefly, sighing. With a wave of Voldemort's wand, the steaming bowl flew towards Voldemort, who took hold of it. Voldemort walked forward and took a seat on the edge of the bed. If Harry had had the strength, he would have inched away from him. However, it was taking all of his strength to simply keep himself sitting upright. Voldemort took the spoon that was in the bowl and took a swallow of the broth. Then, he held it out to Harry. "Eat," Voldemort commanded once again. When Harry didn't say anything, nor move to take the spoon, Voldemort narrowed his eyes. "You will either eat on your own, or I will make. Trust me, you will not like the second option." "Imperius doesn't work on me." Harry knew it would have sounded more impressive if his arms hadn't been shaking. Voldemort raised a hairless eyebrow and nodded his head. "True. However, if you do not eat, I will bring one person you know into this room and kill them. I will continue to do so until you have eaten, and I will do so every time you refuse to eat." Harry glared murder at the Dark Lord, but he slowly reached for the spoon. He knew that Voldemort would do exactly that. He didn't know what was in the soup that Voldemort was offering him, but he would eat, he couldn't risk not to. Under Voldemort's attentive gaze, he ate as much as he could, stopping when he started to feel the telltale sign that any more would make him sick. Voldemort nodded, and the bowl vanish from his hand. Without another word, Voldemort left the room, walking right through the wall. When the next meal popped up, Harry actually got out of the bed and sat on the floor near the table. He didn't want to, just because that soup hadn't been poisoned, didn't mean this one wouldn't be, but he couldn't risk not eating. He didn't know what had happened to this friends, he didn't know how the battle at Hogwarts had ended, he didn't know who had survived it, for all he knew, they could be all dead. However, he couldn't risk it. Voldemort might be keeping them alive just to use them at the right moment against him, and he just couldn't subject his friends to that. He would eat, if that was what was required of him. He needed to keep his friends safe. Soon, Harry fell into a routine. He would wake up and sit by the windows, looking out into a vast garden with a forest at the edge of it. Then, when breakfast came, he would eat. He would spend the time until lunch reading one of the dozens of books lining the shelves and do the same after lunch and dinner before going to sleep once more. At first, he had believed that nothing but books on the dark arts would be found on those shelves, so he was really surprised when that turned out not to be the case. There were books on the dark arts, true, but there were many others present as well. From the darkest arts to fiction, a little bit of everything could be found. Even some muggle books, which had left him gaping at them for a while. So, Harry willed away his days, wondering what was happening outside his cage. He had seen no one since that day Voldemort had come to threaten him, and Harry didn't know if that was a blessing or a curse. Harry was started awake. It took him a moment or two to identify the reason why he had woken up, then he heard the sound again, and his gaze snapped to the couch near the fireplace. On the couch was a light blue carrycot. Crying was coming from said carrycot. He froze for a fraction of a second, then he jumped out of bed and raced towards the couch. He stopped beside the carrycot, eyes widening when he saw the baby inside. Not even thinking about it, he picked the baby up, putting the baby against his chest and gently rocking him. Soon, the crying became soft sniffles, and Harry almost sagged in relief. The bright red hair on the baby's head slowly change to a soothing blue, and Harry felt tears gathering in his eyes. "Shh, Teddy," he whispered, still rocking the child, "everything's going to be fine." Harry wished he could make himself believe that. When Harry woke next, he froze when feeling the warm weight on his chest, only to relax when he glimpsed the soft green hair. Harry closed his eyes to stop himself from crying. He had thought that his godson had been safe with his grandmother. Was Tonks' mom dead? Had the Death Eaters gotten to her, too? Wasn't it enough that they had made Teddy an orphan? He took a shuddering breath, gathering strength to face the day. His eyes snapped open when he heard a happy gurgling. Teddy was looking at him, giving him a gummy smile, happily gurgling away, eyes flashing from brown to green, and hair a bright blue. Harry slowly sat up, gently holding Teddy. "Hi," he whispered, lips twitching when Teddy made a grab for his hair. "I guess it grew longer while I've been here," he muttered, and Teddy made spit bubbles at him. Harry smiled, hugging Teddy close to him. "I'm your godfather," Harry said, laying a gentle kiss on the baby soft hair. "I'm sorry you're here, but I promise you, I'll keep you safe, I'll protect you." He couldn't protect anyone else; he had failed them, but he wouldn't fail Teddy. Time passed so much faster now that he had Teddy with him. Teddy was getting bigger by the day, and Harry didn't think it was possible but every day he loved that little boy more. Teddy made him smile and laugh, things Harry thought he could do no more. He lived for Teddy, and the simple thought that he might lose him was the scariest he could think of. Which was why he was now pacing back and forth, worried out of his mind, as Teddy cried his little heart out. Teddy was burning up, and Harry didn't know what to do. "Please!" Harry begged into the empty room, tears running down his cheeks. "I don't know what to do. Help me, please!" He almost slumped in relief when Voldemort walked into the room. "Please," he begged again. "He's sick." Voldemort looked at him with those cold eyes, then turned and walked away. Harry's legs gave up on him, and he stumbled to the couch. "Shh, Teddy, shh." He rocked Teddy, running his hand up and down the baby's back. "Please don't cry." "Fix this." The cold voice had him jumping from his seat, and he couldn't stop the relieved sob when he saw Voldemort in the room with a man dressed in Healer's robes. The healer approached the couch, a soft smile on his lips. "Hello," the man said, "main I see your son?" Harry was so relieved he didn't even think of correcting the man. He just lay Teddy in his little cot and let the healer look him over. He stood there, eyes locked