Disclaimer: This story is based on characters and situations created and owned by J.K. Rowling. No money is being made. Written for the Quidditch League – Season 4 Fanfiction Competition – Finals Round 1 Finals Round 1 – OTP chaining We're going to focus on your writing technique and team coordination to kick off the finals. The theme this round is literary devices and techniques that many writers use to make their stories more exciting and engaging. The Mods came up with 9 devices in total, but all of you will only be using 2 of them in your story. Easy enough, but this is going to work like a game of dominos. The first person to submit will use device prompts a and b in their story; the second person to submit will use prompts b and c; third person c and d… and so on. Oh, and one last thing, you'll be writing about the previous player's OTP in your story. So if player 1's OTP is Dramione, that will be the pairing player 2 writes about, and so on. Wasps Chaser 2: Player 8 – An example of juxtaposition AND a flashback/forward scene Player 7 OTP (Firediva0): Tomarry Additional Prompts : #6 (word) forgive #9 (creature) Vampire #13 (word) tradition Chaser 2 for the Wimbourne Wasps Word count according to LibreOffice: 2990 My Darkest Light "Duck!" The shout rang out across the field, and he complied without a second thought. It had been ingrained into their beings to obey those shouts; obeying could mean the difference between life and death, and sometimes, between survival and things worse than death. He dragged one of his fellow soldiers down with him, mentally grimacing when scared blue eyes locked with his own. The kid could be no older than twelve. Harry looked away. They were dying younger these days. " Ah, Harry." Harry grimaced, trying to wipe the expression from his face before Slughorn could see it. He really, really should have thought up an excuse to avoid coming. If he didn't need to keep Slughorn in a good mood to get that memory for Dumbledore, he would never have come. Before he could properly calculate his escape route, Slughorn dropped a heavy arm around his shoulders. Harry did his best to smile. " Professor." Dear Merlin, he hoped that his voice didn't sound as strained as he thought. " Just the lad I was looking for." Slughorn grinned at him, and Harry felt his stomach drop. "Come, let me introduce you to Eldred Worple." Slughorn started ushering him towards a middle aged man, who was in the company of a tall, emaciated man. Harry kept his eyes on the younger, dark haired man. He looked utterly bored, but there was something in his eyes that made Harry's hair stand on end. They stopped in front of the strange pair, and Harry almost shivered when those dark eyes roamed over his figure. He felt like prey. He hated it. He should have known then. Harry rolled away, a curse leaving his lips before he was on his feet. He ignored the body that fell behind him, and he didn't look back at the kid that was still lying on the ground. It had only been a year, but he had learned his lesson. These kids were far too green to be out here. He had seen far too many die. Getting attached was pointless. He would most likely have to kill them the next time they came face to face. He twirled out of the way, slashing his wand down, letting a wall of fire consume everything in the vicinity. They liked the young ones best. Harry understood; after all, what parent wants to kill their child? There were only two people higher on their list. Harry himself was one, and the other… A curse flew from his wand and a head landed at his feet. Well, better not think about the other. Harry had made his escape from Slughorn as soon as he could. He met up with Hermione, who seemed to be hiding from her date, and both huddled in a darkened corner. He raised an eyebrow at her, and she scowled. " I know," she said. "Don't rub it in." She sighed, leaning against the wall. "How's your night been?" Harry gave her the look such a question deserved. "That good, huh?" He didn't appreciate the grin that was starting to appear on Hermione's lips. " There was one interesting thing, though," he said, not wanting to know what was going on in his best friend's mind. "There's a vampire here." Her mouth formed a small 'O'. "Really? Do you think he would talk with me? I have so many questions!" Harry grinned; he had known that she would react like that. "I don't know. You can ask him. Slughorn said his name is Sanguini. He's that tall, dark haired guy, eying those girls as if they were the tastiest thing he'd ever seen." " Harry!" Hermione lightly slapped his shoulder. "Don't be prejudiced." " I'm not!" Harry raised his hands. "But you have to admit, he's looking a little hungry, and I doubt that he actually wants to eat the pastry that was shoved at him." They both eyed the disgusted expression that flashed across the vampire's face, and neither could stop the chuckles that trickled out of their mouths. Stupid, stupid, stupid. So stupid. They had been so stupid, so naive. Then again, no one had seen it coming. Which was in and of itself stupid. How could they have expected anything else? How could they have been surprised? Considering the way they treated everyone else, they should have expected it. Hell, some days Harry didn't even truly blame them. Not that it mattered; now it was simply a matter of survival, and neither side was willing to give up. His breath was knocked out of him as he was tackled to the ground. He groaned as his back hit jagged rocks, leaving yet another bruise on his already battered body. He felt hot breath on his neck, and he struggled to free himself, cursing his diminutive height. The one above him snarled when he was able to free one of his hands and stab a silver dagger into his side. The vampire slammed his head against the ground, but Harry held onto the dagger, the only defense he had. It wasn't fatal to them—not like it was to werewolves—but it, at the very least, slowed them down, if the vampire wasn't too old. And on the battlefield, none of them were too old. He twisted the dagger, and the vampire screeched in agony. Then, the next second, a spray of blood hit Harry's face, and the vampire's head rolled off to the side. Harry pushed the body away and staggered to his feet, only to be steadied by a strong arm. He looked up, and found his eyes locked with bright crimson ones. The scream startled them out of the quiet, little corner they had found for themselves. They could only watch wide eyed, as the docile looking vampire ripped Worple's throat out. Hermione looked horrified, and Harry was sure he didn't look much better. Panic settled over the students, and Harry could see them trying to run from the room, while some of those present tried to curse the vampire, but none of the curses hit, a shield of some sort forming around Sanguini. Sanguini dropped the body and tilted his head to the side. He looked curious, as if he hadn't just killed a man. " I must thank you." Harry had never heard such a soft, mesmerizing voice. It didn't sound like the voice of a killer. "Your generosity allowed my brethren and I into this building; for that, we will always be grateful." Harry heard Hermione's soft gasp and followed her gaze towards the tall windows by the balcony. His eyes widened when he saw the shadows creeping into the room. He almost jumped out of his skin when a hand wrapped around his mouth. He glanced back, seeing Luna and Zabini behind them. Zabini motioned to a door that Harry hadn't previously seen. He struggled when Zabini started to push him towards it. He couldn't just leave! " Stop it!" Zabini hissed. "We have to run. Now!" His eyes found Hermione's terrified form, and she nodded. "We have to warn everyone." Harry let himself be pushed out of the room, doing his best to ignore the screams that followed him out. "This is the third time I've saved your life." Harry snorted, looking away. "Third time's the charm; isn't that what they say?" Harry shook his head. "I didn't know you were keeping track. Besides, I would have handled it." Harry didn't need to turn around to see that his companion was resisting the urge to roll his eyes. Voldemort would never actually do something as plebeian as roll his eyes, not even on a bloody battlefield surrounded by nothing but death. "I told you not to come, Harry." Harry snarled, turning around. "And I told you we need every capable soldier we can get!" "You're not a soldier!" Voldemort pushed him against a partially collapsed building. "You're our future! Their hope! They fight for you!" "They die for me!" Harry felt his throat tear, his voice coming out far rougher than usual. He looked away from those condemning eyes, hating that he could understand what went on in that mind so well. Voldemort took a step back, his hands falling away from Harry's shoulders. "Yes, they do." Harry looked back at him when he heard the soft whisper: "They die for hope." Harry grimaced. He turned away and walked back into the midst of battle, hoping it would be the last one, and knowing it wouldn't be. " Ron!" Harry shouted, seeing the bright red hair amidst the sea of students. Ron whirled around and struggled to make it to them. "What the bloody hell's going on?" he asked as soon as he reached them. Harry spied Ginny making her way towards them, Neville stumbling after her. " Vampires. Vampires attacked Slughorn's party." Ron's eyes widened. "What?" Harry almost didn't hear him over the buzzing in the hall. " Silence!" Dumbledore's voice boomed across the Great Hall, which wasn't as full as it should be. Harry could see that at least half of the students were missing. Merlin, he hoped they were safe. "Students, please, follow the Head Boy and Head Girl's instructions. The Floo destination you'll arrive at is safe. Please remain there." Students started moving in droves towards the two fireplaces. Hermione grabbed his and Ron's hands and tried to follow, but Harry was stopped by a hand on his shoulder. He looked back and saw Dumbledore behind him. " Just a moment, Harry." Harry turned around and motioned for Hermione and Ron to go, before turning back to Dumbledore. He had never seen the Headmaster looking so old. " I gave the Head Boy and Girl the address to Grimmauld Place. It is the only place I could think of that I know they cannot reach." " Professor, what's going on?" If anyone knew it would be Dumbledore. Dumbledore seemed to age even more. "I fear we are reaping the consequences of our actions." Harry opened his mouth, but Dumbledore shushed him. "Go now. We will try to send as many as we can after you. At the very least, we will delay them as long as possible." " Professor-" Dumbledore pushed him forward, towards the Floo, "Goodbye, Harry." As the green fire swallowed him, a part of Harry knew that it truly was goodbye. "Ron!" Harry shouted, trying to make himself heard above the noise of the battle. Ron glanced towards him, a smirk appearing on his lips for just a moment. "Escape, did you?" Harry glared, huddling behind a crumbling wall with his