Disclaimer: I do not own Middle-earth or any characters conjured up from the brilliant mind of J.R.R. Tolkien. Author's Note: I thought I'd make this one a little different and set it in more modern times but with still the same Middle-earth elements in it. Legolas in this story isn't going to exactly be an Elf with the ears. He'll still be immortal but will have the right to give up his immortality like a peredhil. The characters from the book will have different characteristics as well. THE WATER CASTLE Chapter 1: The Class Trip The sky outside is turning gray, the white clouds slowly disappearing with its moody temper pouring down to the earth. It's not that dark yet, even with the sky changing color, and it was days like these that Mina actually enjoyed the weather. She enjoys the moderate type of climate that wasn't too sunny or rainy. And too bad she chose the wrong place to be living in—Seattle, Washington. She laughed at herself for living at a place she had been all her life; a place that she loved and wants to have a family one day….way far, far off into the future. No matter how much it rained, she could never get used to it. But, she would rather have this kind of weather than the dry heat of Texas where she often visits her grandparents. Their overly extravagant house that sits in a gated community is near a lake and private golf course. All of Mina's friends know her family is well off but she never acted spoiled. Her parents always taught her the value of a dollar and how hard work guarantees success in whatever you do. She was an honor roll student in high school and got accepted to the University of Washington on a full scholarship, which she is very proud of. Mina sighed, wishing that the lecture she's sitting in was over. "Pssst! Mina!" her friend, Anastasia, whispered. "Hmm?" she turned her attention away from the window. "What?" "You're drooling," she joked. "Har-har," she sighed again. "He's talking about the foundation of castles longer than an expert archeologist would ever dare." "I know but class is almost over. Besides, I'd rather sit here than be out there." She looked at the downpour outside the window. Anastasia is one of her closest friends and had known her since high school. Medieval Culture was the only elective class they could get together this semester since they had different majors. "Okay, everyone, please don't forget to turn in your forms by next week if you are interested in the trip to England this summer," their professor reminded them. "Have a good day and be careful in the rain!" "Finally." Mina got up from her seat along with the rest of the class. "Any plans this weekend? Wanna hit up Earl's tonight?" Anastasia asked. "I can't. I told my mom I'd drive home this weekend to visit. They're leaving again for another vacation soon," she said. "Your parents should just buy a house at every place they go to since they travel around so much!" "Don't give them ideas," Mina rolled her eyes. "They barely occupy the current house they live in." Her parents used to live in upper Queen Anne area where all the rich folks lived but after she left for college, they decided to relocate to Tacoma on Ventura Drive. Her parent's house had 4 Bedrooms, 3.5 Bathrooms and an inground pool with some pretty amazing views of the water. There was also an outdoor kitchen for barbeques and parties. They liked to live very comfortably even if it was only the two of them now since Mina was in a dorm on campus. Mina didn't understand why her parents wanted a bigger house when they were rarely home. Her father was a lawyer so he was usually in court, and her mother, an executive director of a marketing firm, usually stayed late at the office. However, they always found the time in their busy schedules to travel to Greece, Ibiza, and Paris together. "Hey, Mina, can I walk you to your car?" Vincent asked. He was the boy with glasses who's had a crush on her since they were freshmen students. He overheard their conversation about her heading home for the weekend. "Oh, umm…thanks, but I'm actually not leaving yet. Anastasia and I were…just going to the girl's bathroom!" she grabbed her friend and booked it. "See you Monday!" "That was a nice, lame excuse," Anastasia chuckled when they entered the girl's bathroom to hide for a while. She ran her fingers through her ginger hair, fixing the clip that got out of place after Mina dragged her out of the classroom. "What else was I supposed to do?!" she asked, trying to get the tangles out of her dark locks that were wet from the rain. "Umm…telling him you're not interested is a good start," she rolled her eyes. "Don't you think I've been trying telling him that for the last four years now?!" "He's going to break you down one of these days, you just watch…" Anastasia smirked. Mina rolled her eyes. "Anyways, I gotta go. I don't want to get stuck in traffic." "Okay. Well, have a good weekend!" her friend kissed her on the cheek. "Thanks. I'll see you Monday." By the time Mina got to Tacoma, her mother was already cooking dinner, much to her surprise. "Hi, sweetheart," her mother hugged her. "Hi, mom. Wow…you're actually…cooking?" "Yes, I'm actually cooking," she looked offended. "Even us busy wives and moms know how to cook their family a nice meal once in a while." "Where's Marcy?" "Her father hasn't been feeling well so I told her to take some time off." "Oh, I see," she opened a can of soda. Marcy was the cook that came every other day to cook for her parents. She would often leave the food in the refrigerator for them to heat up since they came home late most nights. "I hope he's alright." "Me, too, honey." "Where's dad?" "He's working late on a case, but he promises to be home before I'm done cooking." "Can I help with anything?" "Nope," she shook her head with a smile. "Just relax until dinner is ready." "Thanks, mom…" The meal her mother prepared reminded her of when she was little. She used to cook every night until work started to take up a lot of her time and that's when they hired Marcy. Living at the dorm was a great getaway except when you were craving your favorite meals. That's why Mina enjoyed visiting her parents whenever she could. "That was a great dinner," her father rubbed his belly. He was a stern man in the courtroom who won many cases, but outside of his job, he was very laid back and easy going with a warm personality. "I think I'm going to explode…" Mina slouched in her seat. Her mother laughed. "Take some leftovers back to the dorm with you. I'll pack something extra for Anastasia and Lily on Sunday." "Thanks…" "So, sweetheart, how's school?" her father asked, taking a sip of his wine. "It's good. Classes are almost done so I'm just preparing for finals," she said. "Didn't you mention a trip with your friends to England this summer?" "Well, it's not really with my friends, more like my classmates. The professor in my Medieval Culture class is taking a bunch of students around England where the medieval era was the most prominent. We'll be visiting a castle that some guy's family has owned for centuries and touring around the area." "Sounds fun and interesting!" her mother smiled. "So, are you going to go?" "I'm still debating," she casually shrugged. "You should go, Willi," her father said. He was the only one who ever called her Willi, which was short for Willamina, her real name. But, she preferred to go by Mina. "England is full of history and rich with culture. We have a lot of ancestors that came from there—knights and dukes—all kinds of people with titles, even servants." "You almost sound like my professor, dad," she laughed softly. "My grandfather used to tell me all kinds of stories that his grandfather told him about all that medieval stuff you're learning about when I was a kid. Where do you think your name Willamina came from?" "I just figured mom went into labor while watching Romeo & Juliet ," she smiled jokingly. "Hey," her mother shook her head, "in my defense, I've always liked the name Juliet. It wasn't fair that your father got to name you so I added Juliet as your middle name." "Willamina Juliet Mendinhale," her father said proudly. "That sounds pretty elegant and sophisticated, don't you think?" "Yeah…and medieval," Mina stood up, rolling her eyes, smiling at her parents. "You know, I named you after a great-aunt that was a princess," her father raised his eyebrows up and down. "I'm not sure how great she was down the line but maybe your sixth great-aunt?" "Gee, thanks, dad," she just kept smiling while she washed her plate in the sink. "I never told you the story about her, did I?" "Nope." "According to my grandfather, she was very beautiful with long chocolate hair and thick lashes with light blue eyes, much like yours…except you have darker hair," he began. "She was the youngest daughter of the king who fell in love with a man from a neighboring kingdom. War had broken out in his land so the king refused to let her see him in case she got hurt. The war dragged on for years and by the time he was finally able to come to her, she had fallen ill and died…" "Really?!" She was now intrigued with the story. "His family supposedly had the secret of immortality, which he was willing to give up to be with her. On her death bed, she told him that she would return to him one day and to wait for her." "And so did he wait for her?" "To this very day…" he nodded. Mina inwardly snorted on the idea. He couldn't really be serious. However, she tried to picture the story in her head about the princess and the man she loved. He must have loved her just as much as she did if he was willing to give up his immortality for her. After thinking it sounded too much like a Disney movie, she laughed it off. "That's a nice story, dad, but the secret of immortality? Really?" she raised an eyebrow. "No such thing exists in the real world." "Well, honey, if you think about the medieval days where King Arthur, Merlin, the Holy Grail, and where even dragons existed, immortality doesn't seem so farfetched," he shrugged at the possibility. "There was a lot of magic back then…" "I guess…but that was eons ago." "There's a lot of cultures who still believe in those things, especially in Europe," he replied. "It might be silly fables to us Westerners and those who believe in technology and science, but there are still plenty of people who take their heritage seriously." "You should go, dear," her mother slightly urged. "It's good to experience other cultures. We'll be in Paris for a few weeks. Maybe we can meet up halfway after your school trip is over and go on an actual family vacation?" "That sounds like a good idea," her father agreed. "The three of us haven't gone on a family vacation in about…three, four years?" "Yeah, I'll think about it," she nodded, noncommittally. She went up to her room that her parents kept untouched, exhausted from the hour drive and her mother's dinner, giving her food coma. Her room hadn't changed much, except there were less stuffed animals and more UW Husky paraphernalia that she slowly brought over from school to make it look more 'grownup'. It was