Disclaimer: I do not own Middle-earth or any characters conjured up from the brilliant mind of J.R.R. Tolkien. Author's Note: This story is a little different from others I've written. I'll be throwing in characters along the way that aren't from Middle-earth and although it might seem strange to see them in the story, they all play an important part to how the story unfolds. Trust me, I have it all figured out in my head. Just be patient! Everything in the story and the Tolkien characters you know and love will all be tied together at the end. Happy reading! SUMMARY: With the passing of the man she thought was her father, Ryder Grayson is thrown into another world intertwined with her own. Moving back to England to finish her senior year of college, she discovers who she really is and most importantly, who she can trust. MIRKWOOD UNIVERSITY A New Start This place definitely isn't New York University. Ryder thought while looking at the huge solid structure in front of her. She's not sure if it was common for Universities to look like castles in England. Mansions and building facilities, sure. But a castle? "Ready?" Facing the voice behind her, she was reminded that she was enrolled in this institution for the last year of her college career. "Sure," she nodded. He walked leisurely down the concrete path to the massive wooden doors. She looked back at his private car with the driver waiting patiently against the passenger side door, unmoving. Straightening her assigned uniform and tie, Ryder followed, not giving the driver another thought. A few glances were given her way, mostly toward the man leading her inside. It wasn't surprising since he's a handsome gentleman in a crisp business suit. Those who appeared to know him slightly nod as he returned the gesture. He must be known by the returning student body because why else would they interact with him that way. "Remember, you're more than welcome to come home on the weekends. I can have a car sent for you." "Thanks." Home. Could she really call his mansion full of servants a home ? Perhaps over time, but leaving her real home —her life—in New York still felt too fresh to call it a place she once knew. Inside the University, Ryder gaped in awe, feeling like she stepped into Hogwarts. Not really quite like the School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, but it might as well be. The entrance led to an open courtyard, then the quad, with multiple entryways, corridors and passages. "Aragorn!" The voice suddenly came from somewhere among the crowd. Ryder turned to see a man with white hair approach them. Her uncle immediately smiled at him. "Master Gandalf." After greeting each other and shaking hands, they focused both their attention on her. "I'd like to introduce you to my niece, Ryder Grayson. Ryder, this is Gandalf Grey. He's the Dean, also known as the Headmaster, here at Mirkwood University." "Hi…it's nice to meet you," she extended her hand with a weak smile. Gandalf smiled warmly at her with a firm shake. There's something about his light blue eyes that made it seem like they had met before, but the feeling quickly passed. He's an older man with a long white beard who no doubt had seen things in his lifetime, probably witnessing milestones in his younger years. He had kind eyes and even with his old age, he looked fit with plenty of years ahead of him. "Welcome to our humble establishment. I do hope you'll be comfortable here," he said. "We have some of the finest instructors and extra circular activities available in this region." "Ryder has signed up for gymnastics," her uncle revealed. Something about him telling this stranger that information about her sounded embarrassing. It was like a parent showing off their child in the most awkward way possible. "I used to complete in high school," she felt obligated to add. She was lucky enough to stay in one place long enough to finish high school and join the local team. When Ryder saw they offered the sport here, she jumped on the opportunity. "That's wonderful. We have some very talented girls in that particular sport." He smiled again, glancing at his pocket watch. "I do apologize but I need to see how the other new students are faring. I trust you can lead young Ryder here to the girls' dormitory wing?" Aragorn nodded. Some silent exchange passed between them but it disappeared just as soon as it was given. "It's a pleasure meeting you," Gandalf addressed her again. "Don't hesitate to let me know if you need anything while you are here." "Thank you...umm…" "You may call me Sir Gandalf," he smiled again. "Sir Gandalf," she repeated. "I believe your roommate has arrived as well. Excuse me." They watched the Headmaster leave before Ryder turned to her uncle with a puzzled look on her features. " Sir Gandalf? Was he knighted by the Queen or something?" Aragorn grinned at her comment. "Yes. Something like that. Shall we go meet your roommate?" x x x The hallway was full of girls staring at Aragorn. She figured it wasn't a common practice to have a man of his stature in the girls' dormitory. He insisted in escorting Ryder to her room even after she declined the offer. It felt like the first day of grade school all over again when your parents dropped you off to make sure you could handle the pressure of being alone for a few hours without them. "I guess this is my room," she said, looking at the old-fashioned numbers carved into the door. She knocked lightly to see if anyone was there. The doorknob suddenly escaped from her fingers when someone from the other side opened it instead. The girl behind the door blinked at the two standing in the hallway, glancing at Ryder then at Aragorn. "Oh, hi! You must be Ryder-Anne Grayson," she smiled after she realized she was staring. "Just Ryder is fine." "Oh, right..." the girl smiled again, a little embarrassed, "Welcome to Mirkwood University." Ryder found it odd how she knew her real name. A name she never used. If there was some kind of roommate biography she had on her, she'd like to have one of those for herself. "My name is Emilia Luna. But you can call me Emi." Emi was a tall girl with bright emerald eyes and shiny ginger hair that fell in waves down her back. She was dressed much like Ryder in a brown plaid skirt and fitted short sleeve shirt with the top button undone, minus the forest green tie. "May we come in?" asked Aragorn. "Oh, of course! Pardon my rudeness." She stepped to side to let them into the room. To Ryder's surprise her belongings had arrived. The chest and two suitcases she owned were sitting next to what she assumed would be her bed. The only thing she carried with her from Aragorn's home was her backpack. Her uncle told her one of his servants would bring the rest of her things to the school grounds but didn't expect them to show up before she did. Having servants tend to her needs was something of a new experience because she was self-sufficient back in New York. Having someone else do the simplest of things for her like pour her coffee was strange. "Will you be all right settling in by yourself? I'm sorry I can't stay longer. I have a meeting to run to." Aragorn ceased her exploration of her of the room. "Perhaps we can have dinner tomorrow night? You can tell me about your first day." "Yeah, sounds good..." "I'm sure Emi can help you better acquaint yourself with your new surroundings," he smiled at her roommate. "I'll take good care of her Lord Aragorn," Emi smiled back with a nod. Lord Aragorn? Ryder raised an eyebrow at her uncle as he walked away. He returned her look with a slight grin and quietly closed the door behind him. She faced Emi with an awkward smile once he was gone. "So…you know my uncle?" "Yes. Many of us do who have been around long enough. He's a good friend of Lord Green and his son who graduated two years ago." "Who's Lord Green?" "The one who owns the University, of course," Emi chuckled. "Of course," she replied back dryly. Before Ryder arrived in England, she looked at the school's website so she knew more about the place and what she was getting herself into. The pictures of the University online did no justice on how it actually looked when you stood in front of it. It was a castle converted into a school full of tapestries, armor, expensive tables and vases that decorate the different rooms in and around the campus. Even her room was like a medieval chamber polished into the 21st Century. The bio page on the school site never mentioned a Lord Green but explained the founder's passion for education and how it should be opened to all peoples of the World. Upon reading the history of the school, it also said Mirkwood University was built in the countryside in northern England almost 120 years ago in a place that was christened Greenwood. Besides the University, the small town nearby was built by Thranduil Greenleaf. Since the first opening of the doors, his family had taken care of maintaining the school and town. "Can I ask you another question?" "Of course you may." "Do the titles you give my uncle and the Headmaster have some kind of significance?" "Oh, yes. It's only proper to address them by their titles," Emi answered, tilting to her head to the side. The way she looked at Ryder suggested that she should have known that. "Proper?" Ryder raised another eyebrow. She thought it might be because they came from money and had nothing to do with being knighted by the Queen of England. The title 'Lord' to the owner of the school made sense since his family basically owned this entire land—but Aragorn? Emi averted her eyes for a moment. "They come from noble and respected families so...we must. To show respect." "Oh..." Ryder nodded. Her roommate's explanation caught her by surprise. Noble and respected families? She wondered now if that's the reason why Aragorn lived in a mansion with more than enough servants at his disposal. Perhaps he's a Duke of some sort who inherited his wealth from a past relative—which would also mean her relative. She knew he was a businessman but didn't know what type of business he was in. Hopefully, the legal kind. "But enough about them," Emi dismissed the subject away with her hand. She sat cross-legged on her bed, her emerald eyes shining with curiosity. "Tell me about you! I'd like to know you better since we'll be rooming together. Sharing a space with someone you hardly know isn't always easy. I'd like for us to trust each other and feel comfortable in our shared space." "Umm…okay." Ryder sat down on her own bed, which still needed sheets, pillows and blankets on it. She wasn't used to talking about herself or sharing certain personal things in her life, but she figured if she's going to live with this person for the next year, she might as well share something about herself. "Well, as you know my name is Ryder-Anne Grayson…" "Yes—sorry about that," Emi interrupted. "I overheard Sir Gandalf talking to Lord Aragorn about his niece attending MU this year so I was looking forward to meeting you." She gave a sheepish smile, "Anyway, please continue." "Right. Well…I was actually born here in England. According to my dad we lived in the small town in Framlingham, Suffolk but I don't remember much from my childhood there since we moved to New York when I was five." "I do detect a slight