Disclaimer: I do not own Middle-earth or any of the known characters of J.R.R. Tolkien. Author's Note: In this story, Legolas and his father, Thranduil, do not exactly live in Middle-earth but somewhere in Europe instead. They chose to live in our World but still travel back to Middle-earth from time to time, or at least, Legolas does. Please be advised I am NOT going by the book's events or all the characteristics that the Elves possess. If that bothers you, then thank you for stopping by! The way the Elves speak in this story will also be written in our time, instead of the proper way that they tend to speak. Remember that it's fan-fiction so anything goes! The characters I own are Isa ( eye-sah ) Culver, Shohrae ( sho-ray) Holone, and Ellessia Morningstar. There will be a few others characters later in the story that will also belong to me. I'm sure you can figure them out. The story will also be written in Isa's point-of-view. As the story progresses, I might do other POVs from the other characters but that's a maybe . Hope you enjoy. Happy reading! England I stare out the window and see nothing but forests and narrow two-way roads. We are a good ways from the city now, the kind of civilization I didn't want to be away from. I keep imagining throwing myself out of the moving vehicle and running back to the city to catch the next plane back to New York. Why did he have to live so far out in the country? The road we pass reminds me of a place you consider for camping trips with your family or hiking adventures with your friends. Taking a dead body and hiding the evidence here also crosses my mind. With nothing around but trees and bushes, it would be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. But, I shouldn't think like that. If I ever have to walk this road on foot, I'd rather not think about a serial killer stalking me—especially at night. The people here will probably lock me away for running around like a madman, or should I say madwoman? I quickly shake the thought away. The driver stares at me from the mirror, most likely wondering if I'm having some sort of a nervous breakdown. I smile at him politely and sink a little more into the leather seat to hide my embarrassment. He slowly looks away and focuses back on the road. He must think I'm a strange American girl. When I no longer have his eyes on me, I trace my fingers on the leather seat. The inside still smells like a new car. I've been in town cars before, but this one looks like a newer model, a nicer model…an expensive model. The man in the front seat waited for me outside the terminal gate of Heathrow Airport with a sign that read ISA CULVER when I arrived. The kind of sign you see held up for business people, diplomats and of course…celebrities. It made me feel a little special myself, minus the paparazzi with their blinding cameras. "I am, Henry, your godfather's driver. Welcome to England," he greets me. Henry is slim with sandy-blonde hair, wearing a simple black suit with a white shirt and skinny tie. Somewhere in his fifties, I guess. He reminds me of a dapper George Clooney. "Your godfather lives out in the country, so it will be quite a drive." Two hours to be exact. He looks at me in the rear view mirror when he finally sits in the driver's seat. I'm already starting to feel restless and the car hasn't even moved yet. I look out the window again, now wondering if my godfather's house is some sort of cottage with one of those old-fashioned chimneys. It seems like the kind of place for a cottage but it didn't fit the way he carries himself. He's some sort of English businessman so I assume he has a nice house and a garage full of vintage cars, which sounds more like his taste. The phone in my purse vibrates. "Yes, kydaraes , I'm in the town car...yes, I think we're almost there…mm-hmm…yeah, it was fine…okay…will do…bye." The man on the phone is my godfather, Thranduil Greenleaf. When I was about five-years-old, he wanted me to call him kee-dahr-ays and so I did. Thranduil said it means godfather in Gaelic from what I remember. I used to love calling him that as a kid because it sounded so strange and cool, like a name out of a fairytale book with princes and princesses, and pretty unicorns. However, I've long outgrown those make-believe fantasies. "We are almost there, Lady Culver." My insides jump for joy. Finally! Wait…Lady what? I want to tell him to call me Isa but he seems too proper to obey my request, so I let it go. I look straight ahead at the road. His turn signal indicates that he plans to make a right. The car slowly turns down a Private Road. The way is still a little mucky from the rain they had the previous night making me bounce in my seat from the bumpy path. But, any minute now and I will be free to stretch my legs! "Here we are," Henry says after a few minutes. I lean forward to get a better look of what's ahead. Big black gates come into view. I suck in a breath as we enter. I was completely wrong. My godfather didn't live in house, he lived in a castle! A freaking castle! My make-believe fantasies briefly resurfaces and I'm five-years-old again. I can't believe my eyes. Seeing where he lives for the first time, it now occurs to me that I have no idea what he really does for a living. The head of a British mob, perhaps? Henry pulls the car over by the massive front door and turns off the engine. I'm so busy looking at my new surroundings that I didn't notice he opened my door for me. He clears his throat, obviously wanting me out of the car. I smile politely as he waits for me to compose myself. Give me a second while I lock my inner princess back in the trunk and swallow the key. When I finally step outside, he closes the door behind me and grabs my luggage out of the trunk. I'm still in awe of the castle and the garden in the front lawn. I'm not sure how many acres the entire property sits on, but it looks much bigger than any golf course I've seen back home. I also notice a forest surrounds most of the backyard secluding it from the main road. Anyone could pass the private entrance if you weren't looking for it. I I I "Isa!" I hear my name. I turn around and smile. "Kydaraes!" I jog over to his outstretched arms. He give me a big hug, almost shaking me in his grasp. "My, how you've grown!" he chuckles. I playfully roll my eyes. It was something he always said when he saw me. "You look great." My godfather kisses my head and examines me from head to toe. Thranduil doesn't look like he's aged a day since last time I saw him, but then again, it's only been a year or so…at my mom's funeral. She told me Thranduil's wife passed long before I was born so I never brought it up and because he never mentions her. He has long, grayish-white hair that falls past his shoulders in a well-kept ponytail. His stature is that of a refined businessman, except for the long hair. But, it suits him. Even for this age, he's still a handsome man with a warm smile. Thranduil also still looks strong and healthy. I figure it's due to some special diet he's on and lot of exercise. I rarely get to see Thranduil since he lives here in Europe, but regardless—he never misses sending a birthday gift or holiday card in his own writing. "I'm glad you're here, Isa," his voice is soft and sincere. "Stay for at least the summer and then, well…whatever you want to do I will continue to support you." "Thank you, kydaraes...for everything," I half-smile. He hugs me again, but this time, a lot more gently. "There is nothing for you to be thanking me for, my dear. I promised your mother I would take care of you and I intend to do so. I know you're an adult now and free to do as you please, but remember…I am here for you and you'll always have a place to live. Consider this your home." And a big home it was. My heart smiles at his sincerity. He truly is a good man. After my mom died, Thranduil paid for her funeral expenses and took care all of the necessary paperwork for her Estate. She made him her main beneficiary, which didn't bother me at all. The whole idea of having to take care of my mom's affairs was too overwhelming with everything that was going on at the time. But, of course, she didn't leave me without anything. Our home in New York and her precious jewels I inherited. The mortgage on the house was paid off by Thranduil years ago as a birthday present to her and I know her jewels are priceless as they have been passed down for generations within her family. I also have no known living relatives, but my mom considers Thranduil like family. My father died before I could remember him. Because I'm no longer a minor, my godfather can't claim to be my legal guardian. He was concerned about me living alone, but I assured him I'm fine on my own. I'd been living alone or with roommates since I was eighteen—when I moved away to college—so living without parental supervision isn't new to me. When my mom passed, he felt I was still his responsibility—my somewhat legal guardian—so he paid for my college tuition and occasionally sent me an allowance to live on, which was a lot more than I ever expected. I saved most of it in case I needed it for a rainy day. Thranduil also kept insisting I visit him for the summer when my finals were over. I couldn't deny him his request after everything he'd done for me, so naturally, I said yes. I took advance courses and only had a year or so left and planned to study some more while I was here. He offered to get me private tutors if I decided to stay past the summer. But, I wasn't sure yet if I was ready to give up my life and friends back home. "Hello, there." A woman in a pinstripe suit approaches us. "Ah, Shohrae." Thranduil smiles in her direction. I have no idea who she is but force a quick smile, anyway. Shohrae takes her time, walking gracefully, like someone who took ballet lessons as a child. She holds the smile on her face until she reaches us. She moves the planner in her right arm over to her left and extends her hand to me. "Good morning. I'm Shohrae Holone. It's a pleasure to finally meet you." "Hi...I'm Isa Culver. It's nice to meet you, too." I shake the hand she offers. She squeezes my hand more than I thought she would. My weak hand cowers underneath her firm grip but I pretend it doesn't faze me. "What a lovely name you have." "Shohrae is my assistant," Thranduil says. I smile again, flexing out the fingers of my hand behind me. "She will be taking care of your needs." "Anything you need please don't hesitate to let me know," she smiles with a short nod. Her smile never falters. She's a slender woman, around five-foot-nine if I guess correctly. Dark hair,