Disclaimer: Middle-earth and its inhabitants belong to J.R.R Tolkien. This is for fun, no copyright infringement is intended. The year 2957 of the Third Age. Mirkwood. Aragorn had never seen a forest like this. Dark and dense, the thick foliage blocking almost any light at day and every single star at night, making it impossible to see his own hand in front of his eyes hours before the sun even set. There were other eyes however. Red eyes. Blinking eyes. Eyes that appeared and disappeared with disconcerting abruptness only to be replaced by others. The worst thing was the silence though. Deep and heavy with things that seemed to wait just out of sight. Things that watched him mutely but noting any step, any stumble. Sometimes he thought it were the trees themselves. And while he had scoffed (more or less openly) at Elrond or his foster brothers or Glorfindel or Erestor admonishing him never to leave the Elf-path – because he was a Ranger, after all, tried and tested many times in the past five years – he now found he even SLEPT on the damn thing, yes, even hardly left it to relieve himself. No, Aragorn had never seen a forest like this in his life. He wondered if the Old Forest near the Shire was any like it. Hitching his alarmingly emptying pack higher on his shoulders the young Ranger glanced ahead and unsuccessfully tried to penetrated the gloom around him with his eyes. He had crossed the Enchanted River five days back, creeping precariously along a rope, and according to the descriptions the stifling dark wood should now slowly become a lighter one of beeches. In fact he had already seen some of these trees near the path. So he should not be too optimistic reckoning to reach the stronghold of the Wood-elves within another week or two. He felt a stir of excitement. Both Elrond and Gandalf had been adamant that he should start his journey here and not make straight for Rohan after crossing the Misty Mountains, as had been his own intention. They had argued – separately – that one never knew when it could become necessary to enter Mirkwood in the future and that he would do well to secure leave to do so by Thranduil, the Woodland-king. Aragorn had bowed willingly to their advice, even more so since he had been curious about the Wood-elves of the Dark Forest for a long time. More dangerous and less wise than their Noldor relatives in Rivendell or the Grey Havens they were said to be – though he had never heard the elves he grew up with speak of them disrespectfully or unkindly. But there had been … it was hard to tell … some sort of undertone as well, as of a quietly amused parent. Or better yet, an older sibling, watching a younger lovingly but also with a tiny bit of good-natured superiority. It was not quite different from how some elves spoke of Man and that was enough to heighten Aragorn's interest. Though right at the moment he would have gladly forsaken his curiosity to be out of this forest! Sighing quietly he trudged on along the winding path, every now and then glancing round in the suffocating silence. Sound did not carry well under the thick canopy of leaves and the twisting branches hung with lichen and ivy. At least it had been some time since he had last glimpsed glittering strands of great webbing in the trees beside the path. He had no wish at all to meet the famous giant spiders of Mirkwood though they were said to never set foot on the Elf-path even while hunting, and only crossing it with reluctance and in the highest treetops. Maybe the legends were true. Maybe the Elf-path really was the trail of the steed of Oromë the Great, made as he rode in front of the Eldar leading them into the West, and no evil could touch this hallowed ground. Aragorn took heart at this thought and with new courage jumped up a slight incline, following a sharp bend on the top – and stopped short at the sight of a dead orc, sprawled no ten strides in front of him across the path. For a long moment he could only stand and stare. Then, belatedly, he hastened to draw his sword, looking all around him. Nothing moved. The trees stood as silent as before. The gloom was after a few steps as impenetrable as it had been for days. The orc lay twisted away from him, head to the north, feet to the south, a scimitar beside his outstretched claw. Taking a deep breath Aragorn approached the dead thing carefully. He could now see the blood splattered beneath its head and chest. Stepping closer he coolly noted a gaping wound that nearly separated the right arm from the shoulder though the curling fingers still seemed to reach for its weapon... Or, as he discovered with a shock, for the elven warrior who lay crumpled just to the north side of the path. Care forgotten Aragorn jumped forward but even as he fell to his knee he could tell that here any help came too late. For an endless moment he stared down at the white face, fierce and proud, hair the colour of wheat touched by frost fanned out underneath it. Then he averted his eyes with a pained sigh only to have his gaze catch on a second warrior, his broken body twisted around an equally dead orc, as if even in death the adversaries refused to cease their struggle. Swallowing thickly Aragorn stood and forced himself to take a step back and assess the situation with a detached eye, striding slowly up and down along the trail. And like a jigsaw puzzle of wooden blocks the tracks and little details slotted together to tell their grim tale. The party of elves had probably been hunting, for while they were armed with swords and bows they had carried neither spears nor shields. Racing up from the south they had crossed the Elf-path driven by a great band of orcs. Many times warriors at the rear seemed to have turned in a desperate attempt to stem the charge of their pursuers, and many times they seemed to have been forced to give way or were overrun and slain. But for one fallen elf at least two orcs also littered the gruesome trail of churned up leaves from where it came out of the gloom to where it disappeared back into it in the north. And north it was also that Aragorn turned after a brief moment of hesitation. If there were any survivors he would find them at the end of the chase. Not at the beginning. Fixing his gaze on the tracks before him he swiftly made his way under the dark trees, the safety of the Elf-path soon lost from sight in the darkness behind. An immeasurable amount of time passed. Aragorn's light yet fast footsteps and his harsh breathing were the only sounds penetrating the oppressive silence. The hilt of his sword became sweaty in his hand as he kept checking to all sides. Briefly he considered switching to his bow but dismissed the thought. He might have inherited the keen sight of his ancestors from Númenor but in this dim light danger would be upon him before he could come to a full draw. No, better to trust in the shorter range of the cold steel in his hand especially as he almost constantly had to stoop and search for a sign of life in the dark heaps of bodies on the ground, careful to do so with elves and orcs alike. Last thing he needed was a wounded enemy waking and coming at him from behind. But any flesh he touched was always cold and still. Then the gloom in front of him suddenly grew lighter and the next moment he had stepped out into a clearing and come to a stop. His throat grew tight. The dark canopy of leaves above was torn open where a huge beech had fallen some time ago, a mighty grandfather of trees, tearing through the crowns of the giants around him as he finally succumbed to a winter gale. The wide plate of his roots was now reaching steep into the air, earth still held fast in their grasp. And it was against this wall of root and soil that the elves had made their last stand, fighting and falling in a wide semicircle, always facing outwards and taking every single one of their enemies with them into death. Aragorn closed his eyes and bowed his head. The air was still and silent. Not a leave stirred and as unnerved the young man had been before with the lack of sound, never had he felt it more than now, standing in this clearing where no bird sang, no squirrel chattered, where fair voices and song had ceased for ever. But there was still one last duty to perform and with a heavy heart he forced himself to sheathe his sword. It was gruesome work to walk the battleground and search for survivors he knew he wouldn't find. Dead orcs lay almost piled where they had run fanatically against the last defences of the elves and sometimes Aragorn literally had to drag and roll them apart to get to the warrior buried under them. The elves had obviously drawn ever closer to the shield of roots as their number dwindled, closing their lines as best they could again and again in a show of courage and endurance that choked Aragorn's breath to think about it. And it had all been for nothing in the end. Finally touching the pale throat and then reverently closing the unseeing eyes of the warrior lying before the centre of the roots Aragorn sagged with weariness. This elf must have withstood for so long only to succumb to his wounds just after he had slain his last enemy. Where was justice in that? Where? Sighing Aragorn raked his fingers through his hair and looked away. It took him an almost ridiculous long time to notice that what he was staring at was not another root of the tree but a pair of light brown shoes, peeking out under the hem of a cloak in hues of rusty green. For a frozen heartbeat he goggled like a fool. Then he jerked his head up and his gaze swept over folds of bloodstained cloth, following the curve of knees, across a bulge where an invisible hand held it closed near the throat and was caught by the pair of bright eyes staring back at him from the shadow of the drawn hood. Many elven eyes Aragorn had looked into for as long a he could remember. Old some of them had seemed to him. Wise or sad or merry and dancing with joy; remote and distant or so very here , so full of life, more than any mortal would ever understand. But never had he looked into eyes quite like these. Wild eyes. Fey eyes. Eyes as cold and patient as a glacier irresistibly grinding its path through stone and mountain. As hot and searing as wildfire racing across a plain. And it seemed to him as if he had been kneeling here for ages untold, as if he was seeing this elf wandering at leisure in the carnage of a battlefield, untouched by centuries and millennia, smiling as he watched the bones of his enemies wither to dust... Blinking sharply Aragorn came back to the here and now, shivering with an emotion he could not name. "My lord," he said quietly in Sindarin, bowing low, "I am … Aragorn of the Dúnedain of the North and I was taught the arts of healing in the house of Elrond in Imladris. Please,