Introduction: Hogwarts 1976 The last exam was graded. The final feast had been held. All students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry readied themselves for their departure. The first-year students seemed overwhelmed and confused with the amount of things they had procured during the semester that they now had to transport home. The other students were busy exchanging addresses and promising their classmates to write during the summer. One clump of students, fifth years, stood still among the chaos though. Four lads, best friends, watching atop the branches of the courtyard tree. One boy, noticeably handsome, pointed out the oldest students in the scene. "There. Can't wait until we are in their shoes and graduating." "Slow down, Padfoot," said the tallest in the group. "We have to get through a couple more years first." "Unless we find a time turner," added the short boy who clung to the branch he sat atop. "Hardly," came the voice of the boy standing in the grass under the tree. "Those are urban legend, Peter. Besides they don't work frontwards." The curly haired boy let his shoulders drop as if he'd felt idiotic for even mentioning the idea. His spirits were lifted when the taller boy, the one with faded scars on his face, patted him on the shoulder then dropped to the earth below. "Not up for tree climbing today, James?" "Nah, Moony," he said smugly as his eyes wandered through the crowd. "Anyhow I'm looking for someone." "Snivillus? Mate, I wouldn't try having a row in this crowd. Even if Gryffindor did win the cup, we shouldn't be short-living the victory." "It isn't Snape I'm interested in, Moony." "Ah, Evans then." His guess was confirmed with a sly glance from his friend. "Godric, Prongs," the short, plump boy said from above, "Don't you think you should leave her be? She's getting to be nightmarish with that tongue." "Agreed, Peter," the boy called 'Moony' said before adding, "I would even say she could best you in a duel. Oh wait… she already did." He gave a cocky grin to his friend as he reminded him of their final dueling class. "Buggar off, Moon Moon," James said as he gave his friend a playful shove only to send the gangly teen stumbling into two Gryffindor girls. "Oi!" Came a sharp Irish voice. "Lupin, do you mind?" "Oh, sorry," He said quickly as he turned to apologize to the two he had bumped into. "Oh, Delaney. McKinnon." "Remus," Replied the blonde as she gave him a smirk. She was very pretty but an intimidating girl who often spoke what was on her mind. Some may say she was opposite of her roommate Tabitha Delaney who, although also pretty, was more reserved. She did let her Irish temper get the best of her at times though. Many times it was after she was provoked by the four lads before her. Almost all of them played the game they called, "Who turns the Delaney red first?" Remus Lupin, however, she respected. She didn't approve of how the others dragged him into their childish pranks but there was something she liked about him. One of these boys drove both Tabitha and Marlene mental though. To one he was an arrogant peacock and to the other he was a rival in class – Sirius Black. Better known to his friends as 'Padfoot' although the meaning behind the nickname was known only to them. The handsome boy slid from his perch on the tree and landed beside James. He looked both girls up and down and raised an eyebrow. "Delaney." "Black." "Mickinnon." "Sirius." The short exchange didn't last long before Remus said, "Soooooo… ready to head back home?" Tabitha shook her head. "Oh no. The train doesn't leave for two more hours. I intend to spend every second of them here." "Aw," Sirius said with a puffed out lip. "Is ickle Tabs afraid to go home? No friends to play with?" To him, she just crossed her arms. "Better than playing with myself, like some people I'm sure." She gave a suggestive glance before turning on her heel and walking to the Black Lake. Peter Pettigrew now dropped from the tree. Well, it was more like he slid down, hung from the branch until his toe hit the ground, and let go only to topple onto his bum. Remus reached for the boy and lifted him to his feet. "Thanks, Remus. So McKinnon, trying to hide from professor Binns? I heard he hated your report on how Muggleborns contributed to magical history just as much as purebloods." "He didn't hate it. He just has a closed mind is all." "Where do you come off writing a report about muggles when you're from a wizarding family yourself?" Sirius said as he leaned back on the tree. Marlene raised an eyebrow as she said, "The same way you come off being a Gryffindor when your entire family is from Slytherin legacy? People are more than their families, Sirius. Anyway, I'm looking for my roommate." "She just walked off, dafty," said Sirius while avoiding eye-contact. Clearly Marlene's comment angered him, especially since he wasn't given a chance to reply. Marlene just rolled her eyes. "Our other roommate. I'm looking for Lily." "Did you try Slughorn's office? He's probably trying to recruit her for extra potions classes next term." "You're just jealous because you stink in potions class, James." "I do not!" Just then the train whistle blew in the distance near Hogsmede station. "Train has arrived. It will start boarding soon," said Remus as he looked down to gather his things. "Uh oh." He saw a wand, not belonging to himself or the others, laying in the grass. Picking it up he noticed intricate Celtic symbols carved into the wood. "This is Tabitha's. It must have fallen when you shoved me into her, Prongs. I better give it back." "But the train, Moony..." "You lot go on. I'll meet you there." With that, the gangly youth bounded across the yard and down the hill towards the Black Lake. "Well," started Sirius, "I don't mind heading to the train early. Maybe we can take the good compartment before Regulus and his Slytherin friends can." He said it with a proud face but his tone suggested it was more of a chore. "Coming, McKinnon?" She looked around once more to try spotting Lily but nodded before turning to follow the others. Meanwhile, on the bridge over the lake, her redheaded roommate stood next to her childhood friend, Severus Snape. "I think I may ask mother if we could have a longer holiday trip this year. Petunia always hates when I get back. Apparently I mess up the routine of the house. Maybe if we aren't in the house as much she won't notice." "Your bloody sister needs to learn more respect for the people who are obviously more powerful than her." "Don't be so cross, Severus." She moved from where she had been leaning on the railing and looked beside her to the boy who had his focus more towards the sky. "What has gotten into you lately? You aren't yourself anymore." "Aren't I?" "No. Tabitha and I noticed it at Slughorn's Christmas party last term. You're being so distant." "Am I?" "Yes." She crossed her arms and her tone changed, clearly annoyed at the taller boy. "You've been this way every since that night you were out past curfew." Severus' eyes wandered in thought but he said nothing. "I told you what happened that night." "I know. And to be honest, I'm surprised you and James haven't changed after all that." Now he stood straight and faced the shorter girl. "You mean your new friend?" "What? James Potter is not my… oh, this is about after dueling club?" "I saw you getting chummy with him. You're just going to let him forget all the ways he taunted us. Taunted you ? You had beat him fairly. You should have let him sulk." "He wanted to congratulate me on beating him." "He wanted to show off. Those last points for sportsmanship is what gave you Gryffindors the cup." "Oh Severus," she said as she turned back to look out at the lake. "Aren't we a little old to be sore losers?" "We also are too young to be picking sides or allies yet here we are." "What? You mean all that talk from Regulus Black about what's coming? He's from a family of radicals, Sev." "It's going to happen, Lily. Don't you see the signs?" "All I see is a friend who has become so distant and bitter that I hardly know him anymore." "And I see someone blinded by Potter's charm that she doesn't know what's good for her." "Oh, don't make me laugh. James Potter is many things but he is not charming." Both of them heard the whistle blow again and Severus picked up Lily's bag. "Come on," he said only for her to take it from his hands. "No… you go ahead. I have some more goodbyes. I need to see if I can find Elise before her family comes to pick her up." "Tell Gryffindor's little princess that Slytherin's pauper said hello." With that he snatched up his own bag and strutted up the bridge. A splash in the water caught Lily's attention. A much needed smile crossed her face as she saw Remus and Tabitha skipping stones by the lake. "That's dreadful, Tabitha." Remus said referring to her attempt to skip the stone. "You have to use the wrist." "But this is my wand arm." "No no. This way." He flicked a stone and sent it soaring across the lake. "There." Tabitha just shook her head and allowed herself to fall onto the bank. "I'll leave the skipping to you then, Skyscraper." "So," he said as he joined her on the bank. "Any Summer plans?" "I'm sure Mam has some lovely indoor activities all sorted out." "You're not going to any quidditch games? Ireland has a good shot this year." "No. Dad sneaks me to the rugby matches in town sometimes. Once we managed to sneak over to Athlone for an entire afternoon." "Is that far from where you live? I'll have to admit," he said with a chuckle as he rubbed the back of his neck, "I don't travel much myself." "Well, you're not alone. That will change one day though. As soon as I take my last exam, I'm free. I'm not going back to Ireland. I want to see the world." She grins and looks to him. "I don't know if it's to get back at Mam for all those years of keeping me cooped up or just because I have nothing else better to do." Remus lets out a chuckle. "Well it's more exciting than most people do. Everyone tends to graduate, then settle down." "Right… well I doubt I would be a prize to anyone." "Tabitha, don't be like that. You know you're brilliant." "No, I'm not." She said it almost under her breath but looked at Remus when she got the feeling he was staring at her. "Stop, Lupin." "Stop what?" "You're trying to figure me out." He continued to stare. "Stop, maggot," she said with a small laugh. "What? I just think you deserve someone who will have all those adventures with you. Then maybe you won't feel so bad when it comes time to settle down. Oh Godric." "What?" "I just realized… your child will probably be in Gryffindor since it's your family's legacy. Might as well take one hundred points from Gryffindor now for all the problems they will cause with their Irish temper." She laughs and shoves him. "Hush! I'm sure your child will help keep them in line, Mr. Prefect." Something about that statement brought a sad look to Remus' eyes. "No, Tabs… I don't plan on having a family." "Oh… why not?" "I just," he tossed