Courage A Hunger Games Fic Summary: Today is the day, Peeta thought. Of course, he'd been saying that for the past ten years and it hadn't happened yet. Peeta strikes up the nerve to talk to Katniss before the 74th Annual Hunger Games. AU. Rated T for mild language and adult situations. Chapter 1: A Decent Start Today is the day, Peeta thought as he looked into the faded gleam of the mirror in the bathroom. Today, he was going to talk to her. Of course, he'd been saying that for the past ten years and it hadn't happened yet. He smoothed his blonde waves down over his forehead, hoping to shape it into some sort of order. It didn't work. As soon as his hand left his hair, they popped up in their unruly fashion. He sighed to himself and moved to exit the bathroom. In the common area of his family's apartment, his mother caught sight of him preparing to leave for school. "'Bout time you got out of that bathroom." His mother commented disdainfully. "Get your lazy butt to school, Peeta!" "Sorry, Mom." He replied automatically. Fifteen years had taught him to apologize for any and everything concerning his mother. He gathered his textbooks and turned to head downstairs into the family bakery. "Peeta!" His father greeted from the kitchen. The small smile his father had to offer was somewhat comforting after the snide comment from his mother. "You better hurry or you'll be late. Robbie already left." "I'm leaving now." Peeta assured him, heading for the back door and grabbing his jacket. "Did you eat?" His father asked as he followed. Peeta shook his head, frowning. Sometimes, if he looked pathetic enough, his father would let him have one of the "faulty" pastries for breakfast. It worked, apparently, because his father sighed and shook his head as he disappeared into the storefront. He came back moments later with a danish that had some smudged icing. "Don't tell you mother." He muttered as he handed it to his son. Peeta didn't have to be told twice. The last time his mother caught him sneaking food from the bakery, she rapped him so hard across the knuckles, they bled. He waved gratefully to his father and rushed out the back door. His oldest brother, Clyde, was out in the backyard, tossing feed to the various animals kept there. The brothers ignored each other, like most mornings, and Peeta raced towards the school. He wasn't late, thank goodness, but by the second period, he had developed a twitch in his right leg. The instant he'd stepped onto the schoolyard that morning, he'd spotted her. Katniss. Looking as pretty as ever. His earlier determination floated to the forefront of his mind. He could barely pay attention in class. Instead, he kept stealing glances at her from the corner of his eye. She never seemed to notice, she just kept glaring at the book on her desk. By lunch, he'd worked up a sweat trying to come up with a reason to talk to her and what he would say. He'd only had a crush on her for what? Ten years? He never really had a problem with words, they just seem to come out. People usually listened to what he had to say. At least his friends did. Peeta stared down at his lunch, uninterested at its content. His friends were talking casually around him and he tuned out their conversation in favor of searching the cafeteria for the her. She sat in the corner of the room, with the Mayor's daughter as always. Neither were talking which was also normal. He studied Katniss carefully. She was frowning into her lunch. He couldn't see clearly, but it looked to be a piece of dark bread and a thermos of what he assumed was soup. He suddenly felt guilty. He'd only ever had tesserae bread once or twice. It wasn't anything like the bread his family made, tasteless, chewy, and dry. Peeta gazed down at his own lunch. A sandwich, made with delicate white bread his father had made a couple days ago, thick slices of ham and a slice of tomato. He also had an apple and shortbread cookies. Maybe he should give her some of his lunch? Before he could think more on the idea, he felt an elbow in his ribs. "Hey," his friend, Mark, said. "You alright, Peeta? You look like you're gonna hurl or something." Peeta tore his eyes away from the Seam girl and to the boy sitting beside him. "I'm fine," He replied and forced a smile. "Is it your food?" He asked. "'Cause if it is, I'll eat it." Mark laughed. Peeta lifted the sandwich to his mouth and licked one side of it before handing out to his friend in mock offering. Mark blanched and muttered something under his breath before laughing again. Peeta found himself laughing along. He finished his lunch in silence, berating himself for hoarding it and not sharing it with Katniss. The day was only half over, and he already felt drained. All this thinking and worrying over his crush really took it's toll. He vowed to push her from his thoughts and focus on his classes. Not a minute after making the vow, however, he broke it. He was walking to his first class after lunch when he rounded a corner and collided with a body. The sound of books hitting the floor drew his eye to the floor where a blonde girl his age layed sprawled out on the tiles. Madge, the Mayor's daughter. He swore under his breath and bent to help her up. "I'm so sorry, Madge." He apologized as he helped her to her feet. He thought he heard her mutter something, but he was distracted by the thought of their books on the floor. He stooped down and began piling them in his arms, not really paying attention. So it shocked him when his hand bumped into another. His eyes flashed up to the owner and he felt like the breath had been knocked out of him. There she was, looking at him with those beautiful gray eyes. He's never been this close to her and certainly never touched her or talked to her before. His brain screamed, Here's your chance! But he could barely hear it over his frantically beating heart. "S-sorry." He mumbled under his breath, dumbstruck. Katniss drew her eyebrows together and frowned at him in confusion. She said nothing as she picked up the remaining book and stood swiftly. He followed her to his feet, eager to have a chance to talk to her. When he straightened to his full height, she had already handed the book to Madge and was turning to leave. "Wait!" He exclaimed suddenly without thinking. She turned back to him, a confused look on her prettily tan face. "Uh… Um-have a nice day?" He stammered. Then he glanced at Madge and felt like a complete idiot. So he added, "Both of you! Happy Friday?" Madge offered a kind smile as she tugged her books from his hands. "Thanks, Peeta." She said sincerely before turning towards Katniss. Peeta stared at Katniss with wide eyes, debating on whether or not to say anything more. He'd already made a complete fool of himself. "Thanks," she finally murmured. It was low, and soft, but he heard it. And it made his heart race. She spoke to me! He thought in wonder. He didn't get another chance to say anything, though. They had both turned and started down the hallway to their next class. Peeta had trouble containing his smile for the rest of the day. Saturday was a busy day at the bakery. Peeta and his brothers woke before the sun was up in order to start on the day's work. His mind was still reeling after his run-in with Katniss the day before. He found himself daydreaming about possible future "accidents" where he could run into her. One in particular featured him heroically pulling her to safety during a tornado drill that wasn't really a drill. In his fantasy, he pushed her from under falling debris and she had kissed him as a reward. He could almost feel her soft lips brushing against his. " Peeta! " The voice snapped him back to reality. By the tone of Clyde's voice, that wasn't the first time he'd said his name. "What's up with you? What did you do to that dough?" Peeta glanced down at the dough he was working in his hands and groaned. Thankfully, his mother slept in on Saturdays and he could avoid her wrath for botching up a batch of cinnamon nut rolls. The dough was clearly over-worked and was no long light and fluffy, but tough and sticky. The cinnamon that was supposed to be swirled gently through was now thoroughly mixed in. He might be able to salvage it, but it wouldn't be near good enough to sell. He'd have to save it for their personal bread basket. "Well?" Clyde asked again, looking over his shoulder and eyeing the dough crytically. "I got distracted." He explained as he set the dough aside to fix later. "Please don't tell, Mom." He begged softly. His brother clapped him on the back in an unusual show of affection and promised not to say a word. Probably because he was getting married soon and moving out. Clyde had always been the favorite, and as oldest, he was most likely to tattle on his brothers. MAybe now that he was leaving, he could see that his younger brothers weren't quite so bad. The three brothers got back to work, the sound of the bell over the dough signifying their father was opening the shop for the day. Robbie had taken over the breadmaking when the first of the cookies and cupcakes were finished baking. Peeta set them to cool and began to whip up the icing. "So, what has you so distracted today?" Robbie asked from the other side of the worktable. He didn't look up from the bowl he was mixing, but the smirk on his face was clearly visible. "Nothing." Peeta muttered under his breath, feeling his cheeks flush. He tried to focus on coloring the icing just right and not the snort of disbelief his brother made. "Uh-huh, sure," he said. "Are you sure it had nothing to do with that Seam girl, Katniss?" Peeta's whole body went rigid when Robbie spoke her name. When he was younger, he had confided in his older brother about his crush. His brother had brushed it off as unimportant and hadn't mentioned it in a long time. He was actually hoping Robbie had forgotten all about it. "What's this, now?" Clyde piqued up from his place by the ovens. "Peeta's finally got a girlfriend?" Peeta clenched his jaw and fisted his hands at his sides. "She's not my girlfriend!" He claimed indignantly, flushing. Robbie snickered and began to knead the dough on the counter. "I saw him the hall yesterday-" He said between fits of laughter. "Stammering like an idiot at her. Poor girl didn't know what to say!" "Shut up, Robbie!" Peeta yelled as he turned back to the icing in front of him. Clyde had joined in on the laughter as well by that point. Peeta could see him out the corner of his eye, shoulders shaking with laughter as he took some bread loaves from the oven. "What's going on back here?" Their father poked his head into the kitchen from the storefront, a reprimanding look already on his face. "Nothing." Peeta asserted, avoiding his gaze. Clyde and Robbie continued laughing, taking pleasure in their brother's discomfort. Mr. Mellark didn't believe that for a minute. Peeta's face was bright red and he was precariously close to breaking the pastry bag with his jerking, forceful movements. "Robbie, get those loaves in the oven and