Child of Three, Son to One I only own my stories Chaos the first being to come into existence, his power only matched by that of his sister Order whom had been inactive as of late. Chaos had grown bored as of late, his children long since gone, he had also grown bored of watching the children of the gods and their meaningless tasks. That was when the thought struck him, he would have a child of his own, yes he would make him extremely powerful but strength is meaningless without reasoning. It was with this thought that chaos began gathering ichor from two of his children as well as himself, using the ichor of thanatos and erebus he began forming the body of his child, yes he would make for fine entertainment as one of these demigods. That's when he realized a small dilemma with his plan, his child would only have primordial blood, that's when he came up with another idea, one he found to be incredibly amusing. Chaos materializing into his physical form made his way to a certain huntress's camp, all the while chuckling. It was as he was above her sleeping form that he decided to leave a message letting said huntress know exactly what he had done. Smirking to himself he gathered a large amount of her ichor then left without a trace. Back in his own domain chaos completed his ritual by adding all of her ichor. Then adding advanced knowledge on different weapons and skills he sent the boy off into the mortal realm just as dawn broke out across the country known as America. Meanwhile in the hunters camp Artemis was waking up after having a weird dream of her having a son of all things, the thought was quite foolish to her. It was just as she finished that thought that she saw a note by her sleeping bag, curiosity getting the better of her she read it, as she read it her face grew more and more red. It wasn't until she yelled in outrage that her hunters finally noticed their leaders distress. The first one in was the oldest of her hunters, Zoe Nightshade. "Milady what is troubling you" she asked with worry "Someone has used my divine ichor to craft a child against my will, and to make matters worse it is a boy" said artemis in fury "Milady would like us to find this child and dispose of it" asked Zoe "No, if we find him along our journey's then so be it, but we will not actively hunt this child, for now" said artemis "Yes milady" said Zoe leaving After she left artemis couldn't help the feeling of happiness that filled her heart knowing that somewhere she had a child, and if the letter was in fact true then he would have all of her trait, but she soon squashed those feelings as she remembered that this child was a boy, the very thing she swore to protect her hunters from. Artemis soon was geared up and left to continue her hunt, but even though she didn't want anything to do with this child she couldn't say she wasn't interested in her child, a boy by the name of Archer Neith Woden, yes she would watch out for this name to ever show in that camp or for word on Olympus. 8 Years Later A boy with hair that shined like the moon at night was practicing a few moves with the daggers he had been given on his sixth birthday by a strange man that always found amusement in his actions. He soon finished his impromptu training and pulled a bow from his back that he had crafted himself, somehow knowing how to craft various different weapons without being taught. Setting out into the woods he began his hunt for his breakfast. It was while he was out hunting he came across a camp full of female hunters and warriors. Naturally being curious archer made his way towards the camp sticking to the foliage so as not to be discovered. Unfortunately this was the camp of artemis's hunters along with the legendary huntress being there herself. "Come out now or be shot to death" came artemis's cold voice Archer not wanting his life to end walked out of the bushes he was hiding in, but once he exited there was a round of gasps and a sharp intake of breath from artemis. "So it seems we were destined to meet after all, archer" said artemis "Who are you, and how do you know me" asked archer warily "Oh that's nothing to concern yourself with for now, now tell me why is a child your age out here in the woods all by himself" asked artemis "Im hunting for food" said archer simply "Why is it you are hunting for food out here in the woods instead of eating in an orphanage or something" asked artemis "I like the woods" said archer smiling a little "Well now since you have answered my questions I suppose I should answer yours, as to why I know your name, I am your mother artemis goddess of the hunt, moon, and virginity" said artemis "My mother" said archer with small tears starting to stream down his face "Yes, unfortunately I am your mother" said artemis coldly "I have a mom" said archer to himself ignoring what artemis was saying "Were you not listening, I do not wish to be your mother, in fact now that you are here let me get rid of you so I will have one less issue to worry about" said artemis drawing her bow "But your my mom, don't you want me, don't you love me" asked archer panicing "Why would I want you, your just a mistake that happened without my consent" said artemis coldly even though a small part of her heart ached saying those things. "Your just like the rest then, you got my hopes up just to crush them, so be it mother. As of this day you have made a mistake that you will come to regret one way or another, for no one crosses Archer Neith Woden and gets away unscathed, after this day pray none of your hunters run into me for I will kill them just as you have killed my hopes of having a parent" said archer now emotionless. "And what makes you think that you will live past today" asked artemis mockingly "I know quite a bit about greek and roman mythology, and if you really are the goddess of the hunt then you aren't my only divine relative, ever heard of erebus" asked archer as shadows began to rise around him. "Goodbye mother" said archer his voice dripping with venom as he vanished into the shadows. "He's gone" said artemis letting her hunters lower their bows. Suddenly a flash of light was seen, appearing from the light was Apollo looking extremely disappointed. "Sis what you have done is sickening, to abandon your own child, I'm for once ashamed to even be associated with you and Im not the only one, aunt Hestia has heard about this and she no longer wants anything to do with you" said Apollo disapprovingly "What do you mean, he was a child born from ichor that was taken in my sleep, I had no say in his birth" said artemis trying to justify herself. Apollo looked at his sister one more time in disappointment before leaving. Artemis had never felt so hurt as she had now, her brother had never been upset with her before, and to see his disappointment directed at her stung. Artemis just retreated to her tent. Two years later A ten year old archer is hunting using a newly improved bow made from the wood of a divine tree that had granted him one of its branches after defending it from a monster, the string made from the silk of arachne that had been gifted to him by Athena after saving one of her children. Currently he was on the trail of a monster that would give him a very useful gift, a manticore. It would be useful because of a rumor that he had heard said that the one who killed the manticore would be gifted with a quiver that never emptied and was filled with the strongest of arrows. Archer had been on this creatures trail for a long time, for the past few weeks actually, and it was unfortunate that some of his mother's hunters had shown up, they would die if they interfered that had already been decided. Just as he finished his musings he heard the sound of a battle taking place, moving towards the scene he came upon a sight that brought him great joy, the hunters were being decimated by the manticore's spikes that kept shooting. Archer grinned evilly after the group of five hunters were taken down, drawing his bow and notching an arrow he let it fly straight into the eye of the manticore killing it and making it erupt in a shower of gold dust. Walking out of the foliage to the area where his prize was archer just smirked at the hunters that were too busy dealing with their injuries to try and stop him. "Tell mother I said hi, oh and tell her that I spared her beloved daughters only cause I have a better target that will make a great trophy, bye" said archer disappearing into the shadows like he did two years prier. Artemis soon walked into the clearing not long after. "What happened here" asked artemis as she started using her magic to heal her hunters "The manticore was too much for us to handle, we almost died until that boy stepped in and took out the manticore with one shot, then he swooped in and took the quiver and left saying he was going for a bigger and better target instead of finishing us off" said one of the hunters Artemis felt pride fill her chest at the thought of her child taking on a beast as strong as the manticore, but that soon faded when she remembered that he was a boy that was born from stolen ichor. Just as she finished these thoughts Apollo appeared and delivered a message. "Father wishes to see you" was all he said before going back Artemis soon disappeared appearing on Mt Olympus. "You wished to see me father" said artemis kneeling before her father "Yes, its about your son" said zeus "Don't worry father I will soon find him and kill him" said artemis "Shut up you insolent girl, you have disappointed me, I have heard of his exploits from the other gods and the have nothing but the best to say about him, hell even Ares respects the kid, but the reason I have called you is because you are being a fool. Your son is one of the best heroes I have seen in centuries, but you treat as if he is trash, you are making a force of unimaginable potential turn on Olympus and endangering my throne" said zeus angrily "But father, he is a child born from ichor stolen from me in my sleep" said artemis "Regardless he is your child, I claimed a child that was a mistake and she paid the price for my stupidity, claim your child and make the best of it, love him as a parent should. Don't tell me you don't care for him at all either, I can see it in your eyes you care but you are letting your hatred for mortal men cloud your judgment, you have the chance to change that for the better by making him into a man that would have all the aspects that are respectable while removing the bad parts that make you hate men, do you understand now" asked zeus for