Severus stays at the edge of the bedroom on the chesterfield, fiddling with the hem of his placket, as Hermione prepares on the spool bed. The nervous energy inside the room was thick enough to mount on a spoon, and with one word of redundancy she knew that Severus would flee with a bruised ego, and likely never return to her. She had to play this carefully, too much force and he would scare, too little and he would grow frustrated. This was dancing with the devil in the pale moonlight, a dance of veils and skin and crashing bones. The dark and cold of the room brings relief, to be supped in with measured sips like chilled champagne. Their rattling nerves would do no good than to knock against each other. Hermione needed to remind herself that she was the experienced one, that she was to be Severus's first and to hold her head under the weight of that honor. To respect his wishes, to let go of her analytical mind, to vanquish the rigidness at the edges of her flesh, to let him get over it. Just this once to let natural thoughts drive his body, however foolishly. He already had apologized in advanced for what he considered this night to play out into. Hermione could not give up on him, not even if tomorrow brought failure. She wanted to please him, and show him vivacity in the sweetest nothings of life. If she tried to lecture him like her mind begged of her to do, he would shrivel in with unaroused consternation and boredom. She would have to do this differently. She would have to seduce him, not simply embrace the attentions other men had once brought to her. This was for Severus—In her minds eyes she threw a slash of sword in his name, how different could the wielding of a weapon be to the offering of her body and mind. She honed on a memory, of her grandfather teaching how to approach the Shire Horses on the Grange. She sat on the bed in a dark shift, mounted above the pillows like a siren on searocks. She held out her hand to him—the moonlight cascading a cool light at the foot of the spool bed. Just beyond his shaking form. "I'm ready, come here." Severus approached, his face plain with confoundness, his eyes deep black with struggling emotions. He was loosely dressed, his shirt untucked and buttoned down, his slacks bearing ripples like the shedding skin of a snake—his waist tie unraveled a knot or two. His hands—no doubt trembling, were tucked behind him. Should she get him to undress in front of her? Either answer, if she asked him to remove his clothes he could become too embarrassed to do so. If she turned away, he could take that as an offence. Cutting her losses, and deeming Severus' capable enough to tell her if he would be comfortable or not in the act of divesting, she made her decision. "Show me." He paled, standing stock-still, before the light returned to his face with a healthy blush. And he silently nodded, steeling himself and lifting out of his shirt. Her heart surged. Scars marble his body, crisscrossing lines of pale old pain. He was brave, her Severus. He revealed himself, showing long crafted bone, and lean splayed skin. The way he held under her gaze, proved the same way a stone felt to being overturned by the wind. She would have all night to kiss the fear out of him, to cast out this hatred for his own body. In the lucent light, of beryl and hoary cat eye, he was lean and rippled with vanes of shadow, like a phantom inky from film noir. His clothing was falling, harsh like a stag clawing velvet from his crown come the autumn to fight. His hipbones, sharp as glass scones brought water under her tongue, those delicious bones quartered a long, flat stomach that rose to his reeded chest. Long, thewy arms came from cusped shoulders, and sucked in collarbones that angled to be sills to his crystal cut jugular and that silvery gossamer of scars. Nagini's work, a delicate canvas of hardstone carving. Voldemort's pet carved him with her needled fangs, etching some of the finest artwork into his alabaster skin. It was hard to clench her bursting heart, to see and know that he carried a masterpiece under his silken ascot. Always. His eyes the pools of burning smoke, sable as crystals found inside coal mines. The wheyfaced moon was sleepy, watching them with weary light from inside their sexual loom. Her eyes investigate all of him greedily. Down to where the light should have been cowed. Down to where his scars opened a path of covertness. But he was beautiful. She lifted her shift to show him herself, to bare likewise. His tone was low, nearly guttural, "No. A moment please." She knew then that he was on razor edge of his control, from in between his spindling legs there was sweetmeat pulled taunt as a fisherman's line taken. Severus has come to the flannel skirt of the bed. He was beading in suffering. Hermione takes a small mercy on him and leaves her dress on, curling her finger with a sultry 'come hither' gesture. His eyes swim with thousand turfs of confusion threatening to pull him under. He slinks onto the bed with her, claiming the foot inside the moonlight. If he only knew, how the white wash of that lumen moon simonized his whipcord flesh, how it made her eyes play on the thinnest lines of shade, pretty, little divisions that tracked every mold of his body. She tires to push him down onto his back, but he fights her, spreading on his knees, holding her hand tenderly away from him. Her Severus is smart, for he also keeps her hand away from herself. His voice is husky, full of trepidation. "No…" "Do you want to stop for now?" He shakes his head, freeing his curtaining hair into his eyes. His hand girding his manhood, that bundle of birch. His eyes pinch at the corners, chastising himself for being frightened, for forty years of torment leading his hand to this. For being so fucking broken. He exclaims low, "I'm a bloody fool." She threads her fingers around the ridges of his neck, mussing his earlobe with her cupids bow. "Then just be a bit more foolish." She kisses him, pulping her lovely sighs to his teeth, playing tumbles with the swollen sweet of his rosy mouth. He kisses roughly back, burying deep into the den of her kiss, curling in the warmth, fighting with the zest, moaning bumbles and hissing sough at her gums. She finds with her fingertips the crests of many scars along his narrow body, trailing a path along every sharp cut, fingernails like a comet skipping on stars. He moans into her. Her fingers finding one such blaze of scarring low on his back, that once-belonging pain coiled along his spine, she touches and tarnishes that memory of agony with a spell of shivering comfort. She glissades the torments away, feathery fingers venturing up his spine, curving his abused neck, sliding down his piercing bones, swirling his navel with anticipation, then cupping neglected flesh. That one holding touch—turns him mad with want. But his fear rises with the slick sounds of his skin sliding with her mad, nymphet, she-demon fingers. He whimpers, " Gods , I'm going to die." She nestles to his neck, little eyelashes tickling his jaw. "Ease around it." Blood builds behind his eyes, crushing his thoughts, gorging down onto his groin with a fierceness that could have blinded him with the pressure. "It's like fire, let it build around you, let it devour you whole." Dear Merlin …He wasn't going to survive Granger and her illicit words, much less the desired ploughing. He exhales, and that slippery hand feels too-fucking intense, he nearly shrieks. "Let it pass. Let it pass," She croons, swirling her grip along his weeping temple. "Try to feel it." He shakes, but desperately tries to search for what she is describing, ducking under the overwhelming sensations of her God-given hand, trying to find— "It's warm… It moves…" He shuts his eyes tight—and yes, warm and molasses, there in his belly underneath that almighty cold grip of terror. It fizzes and burbles, clenching and worming a fragile path that leads most certainly, most excruciatingly… lower. "You have it?" He could have sobbed with relief, moaning, "Yes…" Hermione consoles with a tender squeeze, "Remember it, hold onto it." Then her hand is gone and it fucking aches now. He could have told her countless contraceptive spells, could have told her of his disdain for primitive muggle inventions, but her hand returns and sheaths him with a French letter and it helps with the violent aching. Her touching finally helps that sluggish, pissing feeling inside him get a move on. She faces away from him, bending into a dog pose, her hand traveling under to her… His eyes widened in heat, mouth parched, "Dear gods…" Her fingers were in her quim, but by the power invested in some forgiving omnipotence, they saw Severus kneeling behind this chit as a sodding virgin and offered him a small, blessed mercy. Granger still wore her grand-mother's nightshirt, dollies lacework stitched along the hem that settled just below her knickers. The thought of old precious Agatha was enough to cool the inferno in his belly and stop him from making an embarrassing mess. That of course was until Granger the Succubus, pulled down her knickers with glistening fingers and declared herself ready. She tossed him a cheeky smile, and concluded. "It shouldn't take long." Christ alive …She wanted to give him a heart attack. His member gave a hearty jump, and he glances down to his wrapped member and notices the obnoxious color of the condom. Pink …? He felt heat begin to eat away at the coldness of dread inside him, mirth and agitation bubbling and suffice it to say, relaxing his tightly wound muscles from entering shock. She was clever, his Hermione. He edges closer much more to Grangers beck and call, than to that of his own readiness. She moves to lift her shift once again and he snatches it back in place, "I won't…I won't last if you…" He pants, fingers wound tight in the fabric. He is tremendously glad that Granger had decided on this position, if he saw her face, her quivering breasts, or her heaving stomach, he would be painfully undone all too soon. Though he had heard other wizards speak of this position as… tighter. He could not remunerate that thought before Hermione presents herself more desirably, feet curling against his thighs. Her voice gentle, and soothing, "Move however you like. It won't hurt me." He breathes in the room, building his courage, then lifts his hand under her skirt to probe. He feels the sleek wetness at first, then the pleats and creases of her womanhood—Hermione flinches here and if it wasn't for her constant, hushed encouragements he would have recoiled. He circles a formation of puckered plica, following it deeper into the gash, until he touches her cinched entrance. He slides in one finger, his boldness rewarded with a vibrating, pleased moan from Hermione. He feels her clamp on his digit and his brain shuts off, his cock knocking against his navel— And that alien warmth inside him nearly surging, nearly sneaking out from him. Devilish pleasure flickered its tongue briefly inside him, tempting and fully ensnaring his senses. He removes his hand. It was to be now or never… If that happened once more he would be finished. He aligns himself behind her, and nearly, ipainfully/i looses it again. It is only Hermione murmuring ungodly words of her desire for him, that allows him to