HEARTSTRINGS by: WhiteGloves Chapter 1: The Arrival "It's a lifetime wait To fall in love in dust no hate With brilliant stars up the crate I see your eyes full of faith!" Enjoy Reading! I open my eyes and decide— no nightmares again. I shift on my bed and instantly knew the reason why—he was wrapped on my arm with my head slump down on his broad shoulder, clearly fast asleep. I listen to the rhythmic beating of his heart and could answer that it was real, true—him being here, with me again. Peeta. I don't move and keep myself at his side. We share the bed ever since he joined me back in District 12 after the War. Well, not automatically but we did eventually. Peeta knows I need him; I know I need him. I glue my head on his shoulder and breaths his scent. Gone are the days that I take him for granted. Now he is all I can care about. Well, there is always Haymitch and Buttercup but my feeling for Peeta has long surpassed my comprehension, even my expectation. I just love him so dearly to the point that it pains me. I cannot not be by his side. Since when have I become so attached to him? I open my eyes to the surrounding and see the crack of dawn from the light outside the window. It is almost time for Peeta and me to be working outside again. Not that it is much of work but we busy ourselves with many things—which includes feeding Buttercup and splashing water to Haymitch even though it is unnecessary. This is the peaceful life I get after having Peeta with me. Without him it is just impossible to carry life on my own. For one, he is the person who emits the brightness of life where as I am the complete opposite. I am a person who retrospects a lot. This is my retrospection. I feel Peeta stir and I raise my chin to him expectantly. To meet his blue eyes that remind me of the sky is an incredible thing. I find myself always lost looking at them. "Hey," he says, taking a peck on my lips and gives me a smile that always hunts my dreams. "Hey," I answer, raising my palm on his cheek to touch the corner of his lips. I am reminded of how he can easily weave his words out as if it is as natural as breathing, reminded of how his gentle hands can bring to life breads and paintings, and reminded once again of how he is the one who brings and takes the life out of me. I smile. "Why are you so wonderful?" I ask. Then suddenly realizing what I said I have a moment of embarrassment. I have always thought about it but I don't expect saying it out loud to drain me. Peeta keeps his eyes at me with that familiar tug of smile on his lips. "What?" he shifts on the bed to face me. I refuse to take my eyes away from him even though I am embarrass just to see his eyes focus on me. "Repeat that one, please?" I jerk my hand on his shoulder and he laughs. "You heard me the first time," I say with a smile lingering by me too and a fuzzy feeling at my stomach. "If you don't stop I'll puke on you." "P-puke on me?" this brought more laughter in the room and the engaging sound he makes is too strong it made me join him. "Where did that come from?" "My stomach's acting up." I tell him and in instant I see concern cloud his eyes and he shifts on the bed. "Are you...?" he hesitates and I see his eyebrows creasing, "by any chance is someone kicking in it already?" I stare at him, lost for a moment of what he said and then had to remind myself we have never stepped that invisible line yet no matter how in love we are. That is something I am not yet prepared. He doesn't say it but I know Peeta's more than ready. But it's not about him. It is me. The Hunger Games' shadow is still right behind me... and I'm sure it will be on my children too like how my father's death got my mother... how it got me from Prim. I am not ready... will always be on the word never to have my own children. Yet I cannot keep the thought out of my head as I bury his face on a soft pillow after I throw it to him. "You jerk." I say, hearing him give a snort as he pull the pillow away to see me move out of the bed. "I was gonna say," he goes on as he followed me with a sudden sad smile on his lips. I turn to him. "Peeta," I say with a hesitant shrug, "you know I can't—" "I know," he also gives a shrug, "I was just about to say waiting for six years, you know... six years." He gives the number much emphasis but I can see his understanding of my situation. He has always been the considerate one between the two of us. The patient one. The kindest. I always think he'd make an excellent father. We let the discussion drop and decide to prepare breakfast. I can't say our life has been monotonous in District 12 what with our people returning from time to time after the war. The civilization is already back after a couple of years and is alive even after the war. This is the idea that never crossed my mind while playing the game. To have a normal life after the war. Back then all I can think about is me dead and Peeta alive. There is never the me living with someone I love. I have given that up. But now that we are both here it is taking me too much to adjust. Thankfully, he is with me. We are preparing for our other tasks after breakfast when Haymitch came knocking on the door. It is not rare to see him do that but it is also not often. Haymitch may have liked us but it never stops him drinking and killing himself with liquor. It never stops me throwing water on his face either. "Morning' sweethearts," he says, climbing inside the house with an almost sober look but I know better than be fooled by that, "anything filling to the stomach?" I don't find this surprising since he likes eating with us. In the mornings that he doesn't join us I usually think he has died, but by the next morning he creeps back on our door to me and Peeta's amusement. Even Buttercup has a thing to say to him. A hiss. We can never get a load of Haymitch around. "Be specific," comes Peeta, "either you're asking for it raw or burnt." "Mundane." Haymitch mutters, as I press a smile and go to the dining table to prepare his food. "You know you've promised the mayor you'd paint the Central Hall today," Haymitch goes to say as he sits by the table and bites on a leg of a cold goose we served for dinner. "and the walls outside it, and the school and my house." "I thought you said you don't want me messing with your house wall?" Peeta says as he waits on the sofa for me to finish putting on my gloves to prepare for hunting. "It's free of charge, isn't it? Wouldn't be bad to add some color." Peeta and I look at him and then to each other. Haymitch continues indulging himself with the food and then says, "So when can you start?" That gets us two to stand side by side forming a wall in front of him. For Haymitch to sound agitated for a house painting? Clearly something is up. "What?" he asks defensively when Peeta and I eye him with suspicion. "Haymitch, even if you're sober you're not the type to ask for a paint job." Peeta says with a smile at the end of his sentence. "And be eager about it." I end with a firm smirk on my face. Haymitch looks guilty for a moment before he rolls his eyes. "All right, fine. We've got visitors." Both Peeta and I look at the man in front of us, completely surprised. It's not that we don't have visitors in District 12, but whenever we do it usually is Capitol matters; matters that cannot be answered by merely sending messages to the mayor. The last time it happened was when there was an outbreak of a contagious flu and medical team from District 4 came when medicine from our factories couldn't handle it. I remember because I was half expecting my mother to be there but she's not. If it was the pervious Capitol that we know, the one that launched the Hunger Games, no such team would have been sent. Sending the medical team back then was one of the proofs that everything after the revolution has changed. That the Capitol is made for the people by the people. And for the people it cares. "Why are we having visitors?" Peeta's voice beats mine like always when it comes to speaking. As far as we are all concerned nothing that deserves to have any team visit from the Capitol has happened. Haymitch looks up at us and this time it was his turn to inquire with a frown. "Don't you two ever turn on your television? Plutarch will have you executed for neglecting news broadcasts." Peeta and I exchange looks again. As far as we are both concerned, the television has remained dead to the world ever since the last headline of Plutarch's presidency which was just last month. It would never have been opened if it not for the election. True, watching other Districts rise up from the ashes bring us hope, but watching what they call 'entertainment' built up where they show fancy actors and actresses portraying roles of unimaginable fictions get to my nerves. Even Gale sometimes. So Peeta and I both agreed that aside from the newscasts, nothing of the sorts really interests us anymore. And the fact that it consumes too much of our time when we could have been hunting, painting, baking or spending time together. Our hobbies do require much attention. "So we don't, what did we miss?" I say without hesitation. The idea of having sudden visitors does intrigue me. Or maybe it's not so 'sudden' seeing as Haymitch wants to prepare for it. Haymitch rolls his eyes and gulps in water. "Soldiers from the Capitol," he answers, taking another bite. "Yes, you should be alarmed." He adds seeing the looks on our faces. "Not knowing what's happening to the world, you really are living in your own world, huh?" "Is there another rebellion?" I go on, "Has Plutarch been sacked already?" "Easy and don't get excited." I can see an unexpected smirk on our former mentor's face, "So you do have that kind of thinking about Plutarch, huh?" "Haymitch," I say impatiently while Peeta crosses his arms. "I don't think it's about Plutarch or any revolution otherwise he wouldn't be sitting here and asking me to paint his house." He's got a point and I let the nervous clutch on bow ease away. "It might not be about any rebellion but you still wouldn't like the idea," the man stops keeping us in the dark finally, "you've heard about those they call 'Jack Users'? The Capitol believes they are hiding in certain districts and it's not just 12. Jack Users are everywhere." Jack Users. The name registers on my memory and I remember a certain event a couple of years back where the authorities forbid the usage of