FEAR NO DARKNESS By: Rai Rated: PG-13 (for violence) Author's Note: Welcome to another and much delayed instalment of Tales from the Hall of Fire . Has it really been almost over a year since I wrote fanfiction? This story idea has to be accredited to a reviewer named 'natalie', who suggested in a review for Good-bye that I should write about Éowyn's adventures on Pelennor Fields. That was my intent at first, but it sort of morphed into something a little different, just because I realized that the fight lacked any kind of climax. Herein lays the results. This story could tie in with Good-bye (as a prelude) and For Those They Love (as a sequel from Éomer's POV), but it works well as a stand alone too. I'm also dedicating this to Dom, as a thanks for putting me in the mood to write fanfiction again. Spoiler: A big fat spoiler starts this story (and has you assume knowledge), so if you haven't read up to Chapter six ( The Battle of Pelennor Fields ) of The Return of the King or watched all three of Peter Jackson's movie adoptions, I strongly advise against reading this fanfiction. Otherwise, go crazy. Disclaimer: I am not the owner nor creator nor the writer of Middle-earth or The Lord of the Rings , nor am I owner of any of the movies. I am not making any money out of this and am doing this for pure personal enjoyment and creative speculation and indulgment. Any canonical and grammar errors are slips of my own (and will be glad to correct it if pointed out). Synopsis: Éowyn stands on the brink of darkness and despair as she looks upon battle seeking glory and death. Yet unlooked for, she discovers love and courage in what was her greatest challenge... There was no sun to be seen on this day, staring down at the dark host that blanketed the fields of Pelennor like a dark tide, ready to swallow any and all that dared try to stand against it. But if there was to be a sun on this fell dawn, Éowyn, Éomund's daughter, would not have seen nor felt its warmth. Her heart was as cold and frozen as mid-winter's frost. Long forgotten was the warmth of spring, or the joys of life. Her eyes were clouded with the shadows of her own thoughts, and she saw not a terrible slaughter before the gates of Gondor, but merely an instrument to a glorious end. It was for this end she had forsaken her people at Dunharrow and had abandoned her duties to find. She choked back a bitter laugh at the thought of her duties. It was her duties that had denied her what she wished most in this world. But alas! to be trapped in the body of a maiden she had been cast aside, left to play nursemaid, unable to prove her worth or mettle. She was left at home, like the furniture one sits upon, a person of little use unless it served them some purpose. Yet no longer. In her madness she had taken on the visage of a common Rohirrim soldier and had ridden with the host to what was most likely her doom. But she was not afraid, if only by her death would she be granted the glory she so desperately sought, and was oft denied. However, as the Rohirrim halted once again, the City nearer in view, she could not help but think the freedom she found tasted as bitter as the acrid smoke that hung in the air and as dark as the shadow of death that loomed over them. Her steed, Windfola, shifted nervously as did many others for they had become uneasy, knowing well the foul stench of blood and rotting flesh. The hobbit, Meriadoc, with whom Éowyn had taken on as a companion as they rode out of Edoras, stirred behind her. Perhaps it was out of discomfort, but more likely it was out of fear of what was to come. Éowyn felt her heart go out to the little hobbit, for though he had longed to ride to battle, he did not have a death wish as she did. He did not ride to battle for death or glory, but for his friends; for those who already marched before him to war. She wished to comfort the small Halfling, to tell him that there was still hope, though she herself felt none. But he had not recognized her and she decided that it was better that he did not know who he rode with. So they had not spoken to each other since that day, each keeping a respectful but silent distance from each other, only coming together when they rode. Even now she held her tongue, though all the Orcs in Mordor were before them, when there was little hope to turn aside. "It will soon be over," she whispered to herself, tightening her grip on her spear, her cold, grey eyes looking down upon the agony that was Minas Tirith. Uncalled for and unexpectedly, a breath of wind brushed past Éowyn, sweeping away the smell of death for but a moment and bringing with it the sweet, salty smell of the Sea. A loud boom soon followed as lightning seemed to have sprung from beneath the City to the heavens. But as quickly as it had come, it disappeared into the darkness beyond. It was as if this great sound was the call to battle. Her Liege's voice rose up above the din of battle below, his voice clear and strong, unlike any she had ever heard from him. Arise, arise, Riders of Théoden! Fell deeds awake: fire and slaughter! spear shall be shaken, shield shall be splintered, a sword-day, a red day, ere the sun rises! Ride now, ride now! Ride to Gondor! Éowyn's eyes widened as she watched him seize a great horn from his banner-bearer and blew such a blast upon it that it burst asunder. She thought her eyes deceived her, for here was not the uncle she had nursed in his failing, standing so proud and tall in the stirrups of Snowmane, his great steed. Here was not the dotard she had waited on, but a King, tall and proud as those of old. The horns of the Rohirrim rose up to answer Théoden's fading call, and soon the hills were ringing with the music of Rohan, as great and terrible as the rolling thunder of an intense and powerful storm. But Éowyn barely heard the horns. Her eyes were instead fixed on her uncle and wonder filled her gaze as she watched Snowmane spring away, his terrible war cry echoing across the hills of Gondor, and into legend. Ride now, ride now! Ride to Gondor! "To Gondor!" echoed the great host, severing Éowyn's trance as they charged down to meet their foe in battle. Éowyn kicked her horse into a fierce gallop after Théoden, but he could not be overtaken. It seemed he had been taken by the battle-fury of his fathers, and he could not be matched. And her gaze remained transfixed on her King filled with wonder at his transformation, recalling only the dotard that caged her to duty. "For what purpose would we send out Rohan's Heir and only son to the Fords of Isen?" Éowyn looked up suddenly as her brother, Éomer, storm into Meduseld his voice ringing in frustration. Surprise was written on her features when she saw that he was followed closely by Théodred, the son of the King's, who appeared if not confused, then concerned. "What is the meaning of this, marching into the Golden Hall filled with such rage?" she asked officially from where she should just behind the King. "Should you not be readying yourself to ride?" But Éomer seemed not to have heard her as he stopped in front of Théoden, his eyes blazing in his wrath. Without a bow or acknowledgement, he continued, "Have I not already volunteered myself and my eored for this task? Have I not already sworn my service?" "Peace, cousin," said Théodred cautiously. "At least show some courtesy and respect. You are in the presence of your King." "I care only for an answer," said Éomer simply. Éowyn was about to reprimand her brother for his attitude, but a fourth voice, in a silky, almost smooth drawl said: "The King speaks not to those who argues his decisions." All turned to look upon a pale and grim man. She had not known he was there; it was as if he had materialized from the shadows. His dark hooded eyes stared up at the three Rohirrim, observing them carefully as he walked slowly forward to stand on the stairs below the dais. "Why should he even speak to those who do not trust his judgements?" Éomer's expression hardened. "Gríma," he growled. "I should have known you had something to do with this madness." "Madness, Éomer?" said Gríma with a slight hiss. "I assure you, Théoden is far from mad. Weary, perhaps, and very ill. But when having to put up with insubordinates such as you, it is hardly a surprise that he is tires easily in his failing." Éomer sputtered angrily and had to be calmed by Théodred, who clamped a gauntleted hand on his cousin's shoulder. "Be wary, counsellor," Théodred said in a low voice, "for though you may be my father's most trusted advisor, I am still his son, and I would ask for you to show more respect to our cousin. Éomer only wishes to know for what reason he was usurped from a mission that was originally his." Éowyn watched in silence, noting the trembling of her brother's hand. She knew well the anger that was slowly clawing at Éomer from within; she could see it in his eyes. That he had not yet drawn his sword against Gríma was only for the love of their cousin, Théodred. Yet she feared – nay, knew in her heart that if Théodred was to depart for the Westmark and the Fords, and Éomer was forced to remain to protect Edoras that it would not be long before Éomer either did something foolhardy so as to get himself slain, or arrested. Éomer needed to escape from Edoras and from the influence Gríma had on his emotions. That was why he had been so eager to take on the seemingly dangerous mission of re-enforcing the defence at the Fords of Isen. And now he was denied his escape. "Does he not think his uncle would know best the ways to defend his land and people?" said Gríma. "Your distrust concerns me, Éomer." "I distrust not my King but those he consorts with that may bend his will to theirs," said Éomer crisply, glaring heavily at the shorter, darker man that was Gríma. "Brother, let Théodred speak to his father," said Éowyn quickly, for she could see the situation was degenerating quickly, and worry for her brother sparked fear within her. But Gríma spoke over her, his dark eyes bright and almost taunting. "You best control your temper, Third Marshal of the Mark," said Gríma, "or you may find yourself speaking words that you may later regret, or else, put yourself in a considerable amount of trouble." "Is that a challenge, worm?" snapped Éomer. "Enough, Éomer," snapped Théodred suddenly. "I would suggest you to stop, cousin, before you may say things you will regret, and so not to force me to do what I am obliged to do under the King. Let me speak." "You would disregard the duties you have been assigned for the selfish needs and wants of your discourteous cousin, Théodred?" said Gríma. "I understand the changes little better than my cousin does, Gríma," said Théodred testily. "And I would like to know why suddenly I am to be sent away from my father's side as