I Swore to Protect You By: Rai Rated: PG-13 Author's Note: Presenting to you, A Tale from the Hall of Fire , and my first Boromir fan fiction. This was the most difficult of all my short stories I have written to date, as it required delving into the life of one I am not too familiar with, that being a certain Captain of Gondor. I have nothing but the deepest respects for Boromir, however, I am not what one may call a 'fangirl', and so had quite the hard time channelling his spirit, so to speak. I try though, so I hope this satisfies those of you who are fans of him, and even those of you who are not. But most of all, I hope you enjoy this as simply a story. A very BIG thank you goes to b2wm for betaing this for me. She did a great job and I thank her for the advice and the corrections. If not for her, I'd probably still be niggling over this. -heh- Spoiler: Spoils the ending of Fellowship (and basically all that comes before it) and the beginning of The Two Towers - of the books mind you. In the movieverse, it really only spoils the end of Fellowship . Disclaimer: I am not the owner nor creator nor the writer of Middle-earth or The Lord of the Rings, nor am I owners of any of the movies. I am not making any money out of this and am doing this for pure personal enjoyment. Any canonical and grammar errors are slips of my own (and will be glad to correct it if pointed out -and thank you Bubonic Woodchuck for pointing one out). Synopsis: On the hills of Amon Hen, Boromir, son of Gondor, tries to make amends for his failures by sacrificing what is most precious… his life. "We shall all be scattered and lost," groaned Aragorn. He quickly snatched his sword from where he had carefully placed it when the Fellowship had made camp on Parth Galen above the Rauros, but could only watch despairingly as everyone broke off into three groups at the news of the Ringbearer's disappearance, scattering like the wind. It was as if a sudden panic or madness had fallen on them, and the ranger could feel his control over the situation slip dangerously. Grey eyes met grey eyes as Aragorn turned to Boromir, the only one who had yet to flee the camp in search for Frodo. "Boromir!" the ranger called severely, "I do not know what part you have played in this mischief, but help now! Go after those two young hobbits, and guard them at the least, even if you cannot find Frodo. Come back to this spot, if you find him, or any traces of him. I shall return soon." As Aragorn sprang swiftly away from the campsite of the Company in pursuit of Sam, Boromir paused briefly in shock as he realized again the full extent of what he had done, letting the cold, hard, painful facts process itself in his mind. He had tried to take the Ring from Frodo. And now the Ringbearer had fled, and the Fellowship has been divided and scattered. Boromir, Captain of Gondor, the son of the Steward and most hardy of all the men of Gondor, had been first to succumb to the temptations of the Ring. He had always prided himself as a strong man, a worthy man. So it had been proclaimed in the city of Minas Tirith, where his praises were sung high and his name was revered by all. But now he felt that those acclaims were reduced to base and trivial words; worth nothing. He deserved nothing. He strode away resentfully, following the clear, high cries of the two hobbits, Merry and Pippin, as they wandered aimlessly in search of the Ringbearer shouting " Frodo! Frodo! " He trailed swiftly after their calls, keeping a wary eye on his surroundings, for a sudden premonition of dread had descended on Boromir and he urged himself to move forward faster. Though he understood it not, he did not like it. As he crashed through the underbrush that was Amon Hen, he suddenly began to chide himself for his earlier self-doubt, realizing his own foolishness for nearly allowing himself to be taken by it. Now was not the time to pity one's self. Self-pity gets one nowhere, except on a path to despair. And despair, for all that had happened, was not yet something he was willing to succumb to yet. No matter what had come to past, he was still a man of Gondor. And with what little honour and dignity he had left in him, he intended to see to it that these Halflings remained safe. He grimaced as he continued his way uphill, tearing a path through the dead foliage of late winter. He anxiously scanned the horizon for any sign of the two hobbits, following their desperate cries. He could feel his frustration mounting slightly as he steeled himself to an even quicker pace, wondering precisely how fast and far can a hobbit run, for all their small size. The feeling of dread seemed to be mounting within Boromir's soul, and he knew he had to find Merry and Pippin soon, or else all will fall into chaos. A sudden sharp cry of surprise came from the hobbits ahead of him, causing Boromir to pause hesitantly as he wondered if they had found Frodo by some chance. His sword rang sharply as he drew the blade from its sheath at the sounding of the second cry that soon followed. He launched himself needlessly forward, for he recognized the harsh, coarse voices that had erupted before him. He has heard it many times before in his life: Orcs. The trees passed him by like a blur as he sped towards the rising commotion, hoping beyond hope that he would make it to the hobbits before any ill fate befell them. A pang of guilt shot through his heart as he willed himself to move forward faster, as a voice full of accusation whispered to him that if they were to fall, he was to the one to be blamed for their untimely end. For was it not because of he that had driven the Ringbearer away, and so had sent Merry and Pippin into danger because they now had to search for him? Suddenly he saw them as he broke through a thicket of trees that had blocked his view of them earlier. The hobbits and the Orcs were in desperate battle, though unlike the two hobbits, the Orcs had no weapon in hand. They instead seemed more concerned about laying hold on them, though Merry's blade dripped the dark blood of those who had tread too near to him as he nimbly dodged between those loathsome hands that tried to grab him. But Boromir took not the time to fathom this strange fact, for he saw that Pippin was less lucky than his friend as he struggled valiantly under the wretched grip of an Orc on his shoulder, crying out angrily as he tried to stab the one who held him fast. With a great and fearsome yell, Boromir raced out from the trees towards the two endangered hobbits. A single and powerful sweep of his blade removed the arms of the Orc that held Pippin, the Man's eyes blazing as he turned the direction of his sword so to cut right through the exposed midsection of the foul being. He blinked as black blood splattered him lightly as both halves of the creature tumbled to the ground. "Boromir!" cried Pippin as the Man spun on his heels. He nudged the two hobbits behind him as the Orcs quickly recovered from their initial shock, snarling with rage as they drew weapons at last, the sun glinting dully off the metal of their blades. "Stay close to me, young Halflings, and keep those weapons high," he gasped before he shifted his sword up into a defensive position, effectively countering a downward sweep of an Orc blade, before carrying his weapon across, slicing keenly through the goblin's skull. He quickly ducked as another blow swept above him as he sent a powerful thrust forward, the blade sinking into an attacking foe's abdomen, spinning the weapon effectively before drawing it out as he kicked at the feet of another Orc, effectively tripping it. The hobbits were quick to pounce, lodging their blades firmly into the fallen creature's dark heart as Boromir grabbed the wrist of an Uruk-Hai with a knife as it tried to stab him in the face. The Gondorian's blade cascaded down into the extended arm, black blood dripping heavily from the open wound, before kicking the wounded enemy into the exposed weapon of the goblin behind him. An Uruk's knife in hand, Boromir sent it flying into the face of another foe, halting its advance as it fell backwards, slain. Sweat poured down Boromir's face as his sword delivered death to all foes that dared advance on him. He sent an Orc flying into a nearby tree with the flat of his blade. He gritted his teeth as he barely managed to behead a goblin that tried to lunge at the hobbits. The blow sent a cascade of dark blood onto the forest floor and onto the stunned Halflings, who raised their arms to shield themselves from it. He turned his sword to stop a sideways sweep at his neckline. His arms were growing weary of the constant pressure and strain he exerted on them as he kicked out at the foe behind him before he twisted around, using the momentum of the spin to add speed to his weapon as he swung low across the Orc's legs. He stumbled slightly as the creature toppled to the ground, but was quick to recover as he turned to face his next opponent. He instead found none. "Look, they're fleeing!" cried Merry suddenly, and Boromir looked up to realize that the Halfling spoke the truth, noting the retreating forms of the remaining Orcs as they fled, their feet pounding the ground beneath them as they scurried away. Though glad for the respite, Boromir remained highly wary. This was a calculated retreat, despite the fact that there was no horn or call signalling it. It was too well timed to have been anything but. He turned to the two hobbits with a sigh, glad to see that they were uninjured, though highly shaken. He looked upon their frightened, dirt-smeared faces sympathetically. It had not been only he who had fended off the Orcs; they too had engaged in battle, and their blades were wet with the black blood of the goblins. "Are you both in good health, hobbits?" he asked quietly as he knelt to quickly wipe his blood-sodden blade on the body of an Orc he had slain to clean the sword, though he did not sheath his weapon. "We've been better, thank you," said Pippin grimly as he clutched his blade tightly in his fist, his face pale, though he tried hard to maintain a brave exterior. "Well I hope you are well enough, so that we can leave here and return to camp as swiftly as possible," said Boromir grimly as he stood, looking around suspiciously. "I do not need to tell you that there are Orcs about, and that we are in a most dismal position right now if they were to attack again. They know we are here now, and if there are more of them, then we would be in great danger. Keep those blades in hand, young Halflings, we may need them ere the end." The hobbits exchanged a glance. "But what about Frodo?" asked Merry flatly. "What if they've got him ?" Boromir blinked at the unexpected question, alarm suddenly racing through his thoughts as he considered the