Oh Ion-nin ! By: Rai Rated : G Author's Note: I have always been somewhat disappointed at the way so many seem to effectively write out Gilraen from their stories. However, I cannot help but feel as if people are missing out on something. That being, who else but a mother can give you those heated, angry rants that always come when you do something foolhardy, and need I list the many misadventures that many fanfiction writers have effectively written Aragorn into so making him deserving of such a scolding? So here's to all you fanfiction writers who likes writing Aragorn into tough scrapes! I hope you feel ashamed as to just what kind of trouble you have gotten him into! -snickers- Spoilers: The true identity of Aragorn is divulged so there are some spoilers to Fellowship of the Ring but that is about all. Disclaimer: I am not the owner or creator of Middle-earth, nor am I the owner of any of the characters mentioned thus. Grammatical errors are my own as are spelling errors and canon inconsistancies. (which by the way, thank you to Crystal113 for point out that anomaly and I have since corrected it) Please observe that this is based on the presumption that Aragorn and Legolas were friends before the War of the Ring. In addition, it also plays with the idea in which he refers to Lord Elrond as his father (Ada) and Elladan and Elrohir as his brothers. Seeing as he did come to Rivendell at the age of 2, it is not so far a stretch that such a thing could come to pass. And finally, I assumed that Legolas' mother, like Celebrian, already crossed over to Eressea. Synopsis: Having recently returned to Imladris from yet another misadventure, Aragorn is about to come face-to-face with a different form of thrashing: a lecture from his mother… Gilraen was not impressed. To speak truthfully, she was absolutely livid as she stormed her way down the halls of Lord Elrond's home in Imladris, her eyes furrowed and dark, caring not for the splendour or the glory that was the beautiful abode in the summer as she traversed through the gracefully built halls of the elves. She did not glance at the waterfalls dancing in its white wispy veil, the sun sparkling in a spotless sky, and the colourful terrain that painted Rivendell's lush valley, laid out like a magnificent masterpiece, calling to her. But she paid no heed to the beauty that had so often taken her breath away. She had more important matters to attend to. Her long graceful red dress swished hurriedly as she picked up her pace, knowing well that she was nearing the hall in which those rooms that those who dwelt beneath the Last Homely House's roof resides in, and where the one that had her in her currently sour state of mind was. A tall dark haired elf, his body lithe and full of youth suddenly appeared from beyond the doorway of one of the rooms, his eyes glazed as if deep in thought. He looked somewhat weary and drained as he shook his head to himself before he raised his eyes to find Gilraen standing before him, herhands at her hips. So preoccupied he had been that he had not noticed her stop upon seeing the son of Elrond Halfelven, the Lord of Imladris. His eyes widened as he bowed stiffly at the lady. "Good afternoon, Gilraen. I trust the day goes well for you?" He cringed at her response, a response that had nothing to do with the question he presented to her. "He is awake, is he not?" The elf shifted uncomfortably, refusing to look Gilraen in the eyes, though he did not need to look at her to know that she was glaring at him, her face contorted in a rather irritated frown, and if she had been feeling particularly impatient at the moment, she probably would have been tapping her foot too. Though she did not give any names, he knew who she was referring to and he could not help but feel a great wave of pity for him. So the elf kept his silence, hoping that Gilraen will not question him further and either move on or turn around, though it really was a vain desire. As he had suspected, it was not to be so. "Elrohir, I asked you a question!" she snapped. Elrohir sighed. She was bound to know sooner or later. She was Estel's mother after all. He just was not sure Estel was prepared for the verbal thrashing his mother seemed all too ready to serve him right now. Lord Elrond and the others had only just drawn Estel from the coma last night. "Gilraen," he began softly, "Estel has only recently woken up from a long and weary journey…" "It was long and weary because he was foolish enough to get himself captured by Orcs for…" she paused as she thought a bit, "was this the eighteenth time in the last five years?" "Twenty-third actually," muttered Elrohir absently with a wry grin. "You were not here to see the other five times Legolas or Estel dragged themselves back to Imladris." Immediately Elrohir wished he did not correct her as her face seemed to darken considerably at the unexpected increase in her son's encounters with Orcs. "Twenty- three ?" she hissed in such a tone that left even Elrohir feel shaken and small. "Aragorn, my son , was foolish enough to get in trouble with Orcs not eighteen times as I had thought, but twenty-three times ?" "Gilraen," started Elrohir quickly, trying to make amends, to soothe her ill-tempered state, but she merely shoved the elf aside so that he was nearly sent sprawling as she took up her skirts and raced down the hallway towards Estel's room at the other end. He called desperately after her, but she paid no heed to his desperate calls as she made her way to the slightly open door that was her son's room. Estel was seated in the bed of the room that had been his since childhood, his eyes staring peacefully beyond the window and into the meadows of the fair ravine that was Imladris, a soft smile caressing his lips as his mind lingered on the sweet, comforting smells and sounds of a home that he held so close to his heart. His hands were heavily bandaged and his left eye was nearly swelled shut from his most recent misadventure, and that was saying nothing of the many scratches, bruises and stitches he had beneath his covers and clothing. But though he was sore to the touch, he was happy, for he was home. Suddenly his door burst open, slamming into wall as it swung on its hinges, and Estel's head jerked around, in such a way that he inhaled quickly as a wave of pain swept him like an angry tide at the sudden movement, his eyes blinking quickly so to stave the tears. As he put a bandaged hand to his sore head, he tried to focus his right eye so to see who had entered. "Ada?" he said softly. His eyesight cleared gradually, his gaze falling on the one who had entered his room, her long, dark brown hair pulled back in a loose bun, a soft, dark red gown gracing her figure, its soft silks shimmering in the sunlight that filtered into his room. Comprehension dawned on him and he could feel the blood drain from his face as he realized who precisely it was that stood in his doorway, her arms crossed and her face flushed as she glared down at her only son. Oh Valar , he thought helplessly as he quickly released his head so to draw his blankets up to his chin, as if it could protect him for what he knew was inevitable. Not another lecture! "Twenty-three," she snarled as she stormed into the room, stopping at his bedside. " Twenty-three! " Estel tried hard to smile up at his mother, though he would have liked nothing more than to sink into the bed beneath him. "Nana," he said weakly, "How is everything going of late? Are you keeping busy?" Estel shrank back against his headboard as his mother began her predictable and traditionally heated lecture, her voice ringing shrilly. "How is everything of late? Well everything is absolutely perfectly normal, seeing as my son continues to insist coming home to Rivendell every single time in some state of unconsciousness not to mention near death so that the Lord Elrond can fix you up once again! Yes, I'd say everything is perfectly normal, Aragorn, although I would prefer it if for once you'll return without some scratch you've managed to acquired from simply walking !" "Mother, I…" "In addition," she snapped, cutting off Aragorn's protest with an angry glare, "I am keeping very busy I'll have you know. Busy constantly worrying about you, wondering what Orc pit you've managed to get yourself trapped in, busy wondering what riverbed you've been washed up on, busy wondering what scrape you've gotten yourself into once more, and busy wondering if you still breathe , considering your foolishness!" "Nana, please…" "Aragorn, you are not fifteen anymore," she snarled. "You are twenty-five, full grown though not completely I shall give you that. But I would think at twenty-five you would not be so careless or mischievous as to procure as much trouble as you do! What have I told you about being responsible? Being mature? Of course what am I thinking, you know not of what I speak!" Aragorn moaned as he tried hard not to draw his covers over his head so to enclose himself beneath it, knowing well such an action will only garner an even more heated response from his mother. "It is as if you have not matured since your years as a youth!" she continued as she began to pace the side of his bed, her arms held behind her, throwing angered glances at her son. "I have told you time and time again that your fool-hardy ways will have you swiftly slain, and that you must be more careful than you are now. Of course you may think what does a woman know of the Wilds? Well I'll have you know, Aragorn, son of Arathorn, that woman though I may be I am still a Dunedain and I am well aware of the dangers of the Wild! And this is why I tell you to be cautious!" Aragorn silently began counting down from the number ten, able to predict the precise moment his mother would go off into a long continuous spiel over him being Isildur's Heir and the future of Men in the West. "You ought to be more cautious than most rangers even, for you are Isildur's Heir!" declared Gilraen right when Aragorn reached the number one. "You are the last of his line, Aragorn! The only one left with claims to the throne in Gondor and Arnor. Do you even realize what a catastrophe it would be if you were to be slain? We may as well hand Sauron Minas Tirith if you perish!" Aragorn could not help but roll his eyes. "Mother, I do believe you may be exaggera-" "Do not interrupt me, Estel!" she snapped, causing Aragorn to jerk at the tone used. "You may be the future King of Gondor and Arnor but I am still your mother and you will not interrupt me is that clear?" "Yes, Nana," said Aragorn sullenly, wishing for something, anything, that would bring this lecture to an end. Even an Orc attack on the fair valley would be preferable than having to continue to endure his mother's wrath. "Do you have any idea what importance you carry? The burden?" she hissed. "As Isildur's only remaining heir only you can take up the sword of Elendil once