By Fate or By Chance By: Rai Rated: PG-13 As I tend to get unnecessarily graphic at times Author's Note: This is very much outside what I normally write. It began when I was pondering over whether or not I should write a story for the Teitho contest (triple w dot teitho dot waking-vision dot com) run by Aragornwriter and the Mellon Chronicles Mailing List. This was the end result so to speak. The quality of the work by everyone who participated was staggering. If you are in search of amazingly written works about Aragorn and/or Legolas, you should go and check it out -ends shameless plug- In any case, now that voting has ended and this contest closed, I decided to post the one tale I worked on in March in here at last. :) Technically, this is a short story, but I split it into two parts/chapters. Whether for a dramatic effect or for your own reading torture… you decide -sniggers- Spoilers: Nothing significant. Just basic background character information spoilers. Disclaimer: I am not the owner or creator of Middle-earth, nor am I the owner of any of the characters mentioned thus, minus those I created. This is just a fanfiction writer trying to tell a story that popped into my head and flowed onto the computer one day. Grammatical errors are my own as are spelling errors. This story is based on the general assumption that Legolas and Aragorn knew and were friends before the War of the Ring (which is not too strange a concept generally speaking), and as there is no canon to dispute it, I allowed myself this creative embellishment. :P Synopsis: An unnamed threat dares Legolas to place his fate in a game of chance. The alternative leaving no way that could possibly keep both himself and Aragorn alive… Chapter I – Torn How did it turn out this way? How did it come to something as dangerous as this? One wrong move, one misguided decision, and it'll all be over for the both of them. Legolas stared at the two silver chalices on the wooden table before him, identical to the last engraving, the last gem. Dark, amber-coloured liquid rippled harmlessly within, so serene and so innocent-looking. Yet one held a deadly secret, one that was hidden from the elf. One of them was poisoned. "So elf what will it be?" Legolas glared angrily at the one who cornered him thus, hatred being the only thing in his mind as he carefully eyed the hand that held the knife tightly against Aragorn's neck. The sight of Aragorn bound and gagged, trussed up in chains so that he hung from the wall by his arms caused rage to burn deeply in his soul, and if not for the precariousness of the situation, he would not need much encouragement to strangle the one responsible for it with his bare hands. The sound of metal clinking told him that Elrond's sons, Elladan and Elrohir behind him had loosened their swords in its sheaths, making it ready to draw at a moment's notice. Their eyes were dark as they emanated as much disgust and hate as he did, staring at the one who held their youngest brother hostage. But their adversary did not falter. His green eyes blazed all the brighter as he gripped more firmly at the blade that was beneath Aragorn's chin, giving the two Noldo elves a leveled gaze. "If either of you moves, I'll cut this one's throat," he growled, jerking the blade, cutting more deeply into Aragorn's already bleeding throat, causing blood to drip more quickly over the silver edge of the knife. "I have no interest with this young one or you, only the blonde elf there, but I ain't afraid to kill him if either of you interfere!" A sharp hiss issued from Elrohir's mouth as Aragorn groaned from behind the dirty gag that covered his mouth as the pressure on his neck increased. "If you kill him, then your bargaining item is of no use to us!" said Elladan loudly. "And nothing will save you from our wrath if it comes to that! Death will be a blessing for you if he perishes by your filthy hands!" "Perhaps yes, I lose my bargaining tool. But better I die doing you some emotional damage than being slain by mere carelessness," said the man callously. "I will let you know this, I never bluff." He used his thumb to gently stroke Aragorn's unshaven cheek. "This one is important to you, is he not? Are you willing to chance it?" The elder twin held his tongue, distress written on his features as he watched Aragorn shied away from the man's loathsome touch. He did not enjoy this, no more than the fact that he could not slay this ruffian of a man right this instant. But what else could he do? "Who are you? What have I ever done to cause you ill?" growled Legolas as he glared heavily at his enemy, his lips tight in a thin angry line. "I have done nothing to deserve this." "Perhaps but that is not my business to worry over," said the man languidly though he kept a cautious gaze on the three elves that stood on the other side of the table. He had heard of the magic of the elves, and feared that one may suddenly call lightening to strike him. The mere fact that he held a human friend of theirs, a sad, pitiful, ranger of the North, as a hostage was the only thing that allowed him to remain as cocky as he was. "And who I am is none of your business. Long experience has taught me that giving a name will only mark you for others to seek. All I can tell you is that I have only orders to see you dead, nothing more. And I never leave a job unfinished." "Assassin," snapped Elrohir angrily his fair elven face set with a look of pure loathing, clenching his fist, as if try to resist the urge to draw his blade so to take off this ones head right then and there. "Not especially," shrugged the man, his face a mask of abject innocence, although the fact he held a knife to the young ranger's neck bellied his humbled appearance. "I don't often kill you know, it's too messy. Let the others who don't mind having blood spilt on their hands do the dirty work." "So how is this different?" asked Elladan coolly, though his eyes were as hard as stone. "This particular job's pay was too handsome to refuse." Their adversary's expression suddenly transformed as he grinned wickedly at Legolas, his dark, unkempt face making him seem all the more dangerous. "You are quite the hot commodity, Mirkwood prince." Legolas stiffened under the malevolent gaze of his enemy's as he averted his eyes to stare again at the chalices, so to allow him some time to think. It seemed so simple and yet, was it worth the risks? "You will stay true to your word if I agree to play your game?" asked Legolas quietly, though he had his doubts if this man ever spoke a true word in his despicable existence. But he saw no other options; no other way that could possibly keep both himself and the ranger alive. "You have my word as a Man," said the assassin firmly, though the malicious grin was still on his face, "that no harm will befall this boy of yours if you play my game. It's as simple as that." "Legolas this is obviously a trap," hissed Elladan in the Grey tongue. "I'd trust his word as much as I'd trust an Orc's. He intends to see you dead!" "Do you see any other way then Elladan? Any other option? Because I cannot," retorted Legolas darkly in the same language. "I can see no other way to ensure Aragorn's safety. And I would rather risk my life than his in this. He is an innocent." "Aragorn will not want you to forfeit your life for his any more than you would if the positions were reversed!" cried Elrohir softly. "Can you not see? This is folly! How can you rest his and your lives in a game of chance?" "Now now you pretty things," chuckled their adversary evilly, cutting into their conversation. "I will not have you three talk amongst yourselves in a language I cannot understand, else I get suspicious. And when I get suspicious…" With his free arm he drew another dagger from his belt, licking its edge. "Let us see how well the ranger can take some pain before he begins to cry," suggested the man all too casually, sending the three elves a sinister grin. He knew that in battle, he was far outmatched by any one of them. And it was only luck that had bagged this ranger as bait. His only hope now was to outwit them and outplay them. He had always prided himself as an intelligent man. And today, his very existence depended on how he played this game. And as he eyed them, he remembered the words that had been whispered to him many months before. " I want him dead. Dead and gone. Use any means to get this job done… " The first sweep of his blade left a shallow cut on Aragorn's cheek, causing the ranger to jerk his head slightly. Dark, unkempt hair fell into his eyes as blood dripped from it onto the gag at his mouth. "Shallow cuts," sniggered the assassin as he raised the knife again. The second sweep left a deeper cut still on Aragorn's arm, and Aragorn had to blink back the tears as he tried to ignore the pain that tore down his arm, blood dripping slowly from the wound he was inflicted with. "Deep cuts," whispered his tormentor almost reverently in his ear as the ranger tried to pull away from his loathsome presence, but the man simply kicked the feet out from under him, a wide, chaotic grin on his face. Aragorn groaned as strain was placed on his already sore arms. Elrohir's veered towards the man, his face white with fury. "Stop that! Stop it right now!" "Why?" he challenged as he drew the blade across Aragorn's chest, the sharp edge of the knife slicing easily through the dirty fabric of the tunic and shirt he wore, leaving a red line across the ranger's skin. "Why must I stop this game when I'm having so much fun?" "This is no game!" cried Legolas, his blue eyes blazing angrily, wishing that he had his bow with him, or even his white elven knives, but alas, he had left them by the door, in compliance to Aragorn's kidnapper's demands, lest he kills him. "This is sick!" "So you mean to tell me you're not having fun?" questioned the man languidly as he continued his 'game'. "Tis a pity, because I sure am enjoying it. You have no idea how much concentration it takes to do something such as this. One cannot cut too deeply, or else you may do some permanent damage, and he'll die too quickly. And yet, one cannot cut too shallowly, or you will not get the delicious stream of blood that comes from it. Fascinating don't you think?" Elladan's body trembled from the rage he held bottled within himself. "It is madness!" he exclaimed hoarsely, tears of rage forming from behind his eyes. "Perhaps this will help you make your decisions faster then, my dear blonde elf friend," he whispered dangerously as he stared at Legolas. "I am no friend of yours!" snapped Legolas. "Regardless," continued the man, not at all fazed by the rage that was being directed at him, "if you don't choose quickly, this ranger boy will have so many open wounds that he'd have lost too much blood to