I own nothing but the idea. Enjoy! Are you, are you Coming to the tree Where they strung up a man they say murdered three. Strange things did happen here No stranger would it be If we met up at midnight in the hanging tree. Are you, are you Coming to the tree Where the dead man called out for his love to flee. Strange things did happen here No stranger would it be If we met up at midnight in the hanging tree. Are you, are you Coming to the tree Where I told you to run, so we'd both be free. Strange things did happen here No stranger would it be If we met up at midnight in the hanging tree. Are you, are you Coming to the tree Wear a necklace of rope, side by side with me. Strange things did happen here No stranger would it be If we met up at midnight in the hanging tree. (Excerpt taken from Suzanne Collins' Mockingjay , Chapter 9.) I. In my sleep I shuffle and twist. I feel the blankets tangling around my body even as my feet carry me through the jungle. My memory recreates the warmness of the air, the moisture covering my skin and attaching to my clothes. Thick layers of green break as my arms swing at them. This didn't happen , I think suddenly. The arena fits. The moment fits. Even Finnick, shouting my name as he pursues me, fits. Flocks of jabberjays fly past me above the trees. "Katniss!" they shout. "Help me!" Is that voice the one that doesn't fit. Deep inside me I know I shouldn't listen, I hear myself telling Finnick they're just mutts and Peeta telling me they need my family alive so that they can be interviewed. But the desperation in that voice is such that I can't just ignore it. It comes again and again. In my anxious state I find I can't even place a name and a face to the voice for a moment. A soft voice broken into painful screeches. "Katniss!" they keep shouting. Blue eyes and blonde hair finally click together. "Madge!" I sound desperate. This definitely didn't happen , I think. My legs keep moving. Even conscious that none of this is real I have to get to her. I need to tell her. I need her to understand, to see. "Madge!" I feel Peeta's hand circle my forearm and pull me into him. And it feels wrong. His body against mine, his hard arms around my shoulders, his hoarse voice repeating my name. All of it. It's just wrong. "No," I tell him. I have to get to her. "Let me go!" I trash against him and claw his arms off of me. I need her to know. I keep calling out to her. "Madge, where are you!" Where are you, Madge. Please. I need you to see. I need you to know. And I fall down, mumbling to myself. "Please," I say. "Please understand." I embrace my body as my tears start pouring out. Her voice now surrounds me. I know I should be strong. I know all of this is pointless. She's gone now. That's all there is to it. But there's so much I regret. So much I wish I could change. "Madge," I keep whispering, my voice weak. I stand up and realize where I am: a clearing back in the woods. Back home. The demonic bird is looking up at me from where it stands near my feet. Its head tips to the right. "Why did you leave me, Katniss?" it spits out through its beak. More tears spill down my face. I want to take it in my hands and break its neck. I want it to never speak such foul words again while using her voice. I want her voice to never be so shattered again. I want to take it with me to District 13. I want her to speak to me every night even if it's just to throw all that to my face. "Please, Madge." I kneel down. "I'm sorry. Please." And as I embrace it my arms close around empty air. It's gone. She's gone. It's now over , I think. Except it's not. There's still the pressure in my chest and the tears in my eyes. There's still this longing. This excruciating longing. Emptiness. I'm really just sorry, Madge. Sorry I never knew. Sorry we never spoke. I'm sorry I never knew how much I'd miss you if you ever were gone. I wish you knew... I open my eyes and she's standing in front of me. It's as if I was walking under the sun after months of continuous snowstorms. I suddenly realize how much I have missed looking at her elegant face. Her straight nose. The golden hair falling down to her shoulders. Madge smiles and opens her mouth. However, she doesn't speak. I lean forward to embrace her and, finally, I feel her solid body inside the circle of my arms. Her singing starts, " Are you, are you Coming to the tree... " II. ...Where they strung up a man they say murdered three... It's not her body, though. It's Prim that's against me when my eyes open. They're wet. My face moist with my tears. My arms go slack around her. I'm suddenly invaded by the urge to escape her. To run from here. From my own thoughts. This is the only thing with which Prim can't — won't — help me. I'm not even sure, as a matter of fact, if there's a way anyone could help me. I somehow manage to crawl out of bed without waking her up. In no time I'm hugging my knees on the floor of one of my odd little hiding places. A closet filled with needless school supplies. My breath quickens as I feel my body rock back and forth. I close my eyes. My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am seventeen years old. My home is District 12. I was in the Hunger Games. I escaped. The Capitol hates me. District 12 was destroyed because of me. Madge didn't survive... I'd been advised to repeat some of that. As if it would actually help me. My body convulses violently as I feel more tears on my face. The dream's still too fresh in my mind. I can still see Madge's face in front of mine. The soft curve of her jaw, the smooth surface of her forehead... I wish I had a lantern with me so that its light could burn my retinas and the face they're perceiving with them. For a second I consider looking around the closet to see if there's something I can use. I dismiss it. I'm much too content having that picture burning at the back of my eyelids. I hate looking at her because she makes me remember. It's me the reason she's dead. The reason so many died. District 12 is gone. Madge with it. Flickers of hope still live in me. Her father was mayor. He could've known. They could've run away. Away to the Capitol. She could be there right now, hugging her mother. Afraid. But I know she's not. Gale saw her house fall down as he fled. He said he did. From far away. "No trains had come or gone", he said. I let it live. She's alive. She's alive, and when I see her I'll tell her. I reassure myself. It's not over, Katniss. For a moment I wonder. What makes me be relieved? Is it the fact that she isn't dead, that her death is not my fault? Is it the fact that somehow she'll know, before she dies? She's dead, though, and all of that is just futile. I love looking at her because she makes me remember. The wet fabric covering her shoulder as I cried against it, warm days under the sun, amid the woods, her arms around my body. She was the first friend I ever had. No, she was not. She was Madge, my Madge. She was no one and everybody. The person whose presence never bothered me. The only person with whom no excess of words was needed. I have tried to demerit her memory in an attempt to make it less painful. That's also been futile. I want to stop looking at her because I killed her. I want to keep looking at her because I'm dreading the thought that at some point I won't be able to remember what she looked like. She came and is now gone, leaving me regret and sadness. Dead hopes. Doubt. What would it have been like? When the door opens is Gale the one that pulls me to my feet. "Hey, Catnip," he says. It's obvious how taken aback he is by my state. I haven't cried for hours now, but I know my eyes must be as red as if I'd rubbed the tears out just minutes ago. "Hey, Gale." "Thought I'd find you here. Prim's angry... or something. I wouldn't know," he adds, a slight smirk on his lips, "never seen her angry." He's too close to me. I push him away and fall back on some cardboard box. He crouches. "Hey." I tip my head away from the hand he's trying to run down my cheek. A sigh escapes his lips. "Is it Peeta?" Similar enough , I think. I nod. It's not enough for him to see me suffering, he has to remind me of Peeta, too. My head starts hurting as I remember him, the boy with the bread. The baker's son. I feel his lips on mine inside a cave, making him fall on cold snow, his warm body enveloping mine, the burned bread he threw my way all those years ago... And it's still not enough. Another death. Another one of my killings. ...warm soft lips pressed against my own, the smooth surface of a hand lulling me to sleep... I wish you'd tell me you know, that you understand. But now you're gone and there's so much I'll have to live with. So much to regret — My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am seventeen years old. My home is District 12... So was hers . It invades my thoughts, her face. Her hands, her body against mine. Her eyes staring at me. I'm losing it. I think I'm losing it. I voice my thoughts and Gale tries to talk me out of myself. But there's too much keeping me here. Peeta and Madge. Johanna and Annie. The baker and his witch wife. The mayor and her sisterless wife. And so many fatherless kids. Motherless kids. "It's still likely she'll be disoriented from time to time, but with careful surveillance and compromise from her she should be fine being left alone for periods of time." My mother nodded at that and said she'd take good care of me, not leave me out of her sight, have me next to her all day if needed. Now I wonder if I wouldn't be better strapped down to a bed. "...remember?" Gale asks. His face floats in front of mine, but he's careful enough not to touch me. "Remember the song. 'The Hanging Tree'," he tells me. "You taught it to me, remember?" I remember. Silent day under our rock. Back at our rock ledge overlooking the valley. That was a very long time ago. "You told me the man wanted her to come die with him. That dying would be better for her than to live in such an awful world. "Peeta's better off now. He's home, with his family." He's so wrong. So wrong. He thinks he was just the ally I had to kiss, share the triumph with. But he made me feel alive. Made me feel like something actually mattered. As he does himself. But she made me