Bella and Jessica just got from college she it exited to cook the skills they learn threw out there four year of college life. She has always loved cooking and now with a bachelors green under belt her dream of own her own restaurant is almost with in her grows. JESSICA study post pries and all saw gang with bachelors digress she now works for Alice who is a wedding place planner. Bella work for her as well she is in charge of all the entrees and appetizers for the wedding. ALICE is work on a big one for a Custer she has they went over the top thing at their wedding. She just heir Bella and Jessica to work for her company. JASPER is working on new movie at with become out with fell but now he is having a big party at his house for one of his co-star Emmett and how he need a planner for the party he call Alice to help out with his party. EMMETT just got done making movie and now he has free time to see his friends Alice and jasper. ROSALIE is a closet design she just got done on working one the new movie with jasper and now she has free time but she nose Edward from work with him on other movies. Edward writer music for other people in the world. He just gets done on write for three movies at are come out with summer and fells. Now he is going to a party to see his friends Rosalie, jasper, Emmett, Alice, ESME, Carlisle, and Renee and Charlie have meet before and now they are all good friends but there kids have never meet one other before till now at with party they are having for the movie and for Emmett birthday. Many years go the Swan and Cullen have meet before all the kinds have meet but back than they have never meet Bella before now at the party but she no Alice from work but did not no she had a brother name Edward till he call Alice one day at work about the party in a few days way from now. Jacob own his own car dealership all of the Cullen got their car from him. But Edward do not talk to Alice at fist Bella answer The phone ask how can I help you today. Edward ask for his sister Alice she said she will got her for you Alice answer the phone she said his brother what up with you to day. I just want to know about the party with weeping. Alice said it go to be a fun one but then Edward want to know who was a the phone than Alice said it was Bella Swan a family friends at aware pester on from back want we were you and but she never meet her till now Sid she work for me ok than Edward said but Alice said you will meet her at the party. Because she is the chaste there Edward said ok than talk to you later. Bella ask Alice who was at Alice said it was one of her older brother than meet them all at the party even my boy tier Jasper. Bella said ok than said what is the party about the movie they just did and Emmett birthdays is my other brother she ok the party is at my prater house in betty hill ok is start at 3 till 12 at night ok Bella. Than Bella went home to got rest before the party tomorrow woke up the next morning in a good mood she got her dress and went the Cullen house to set up for the party but want she got there Emmett answer the door and said hi to Bella. Bella said hi ask Alice because me the one who it cooks the food to night Emmett hi come in and show you there you are working. Bella said at great and are you Alice older brother. Emmett said yep. He ask what is their last name she said swan Emmett eye got big and said I have here of you there are patter she said at good have seen you I along time me there but I just got out of school and now work for your sister nice to me you and happy birthday Emmett thank you. So here is Alice am need her help where to pit the food at in the house and outside. Emmett said hi to Alice she said hi Bella do you look like a café thank you so are you ready to get start yep am make the appetizers than entrees and Jessica go to make the sweet for the party ok than let start have been cook for five hours now on the food and own have few min till the party start up but it have to make 200 appetizers and entrees for the party. I start begin the food out to get it start up went I hear a voice I hear on the phone thru around to see it was Edward face look at me for the first time in a long time and said hi to me. I said hi ask are you the one from the phone he said yep nice to meet you to so I hear you work for my sister Alice yes am the chalet for with party at good so what are we go to eat here tonight Edward ask her. She said all different thing around the world Edward look happy to no so with do you do for a living Edward am a misuse proud at nice to know do you like it all yes like but it can long hours at well but I make fun for myself at good to no yes so how have we nerve meet till now well because I was in a lot of group back think for school never we house to meet any of you get but I here of you from my mom and dad about you the same hear will nice to see you aging but sort to end with talk about have to get back to work so I will talk to you later or said Edward walk away. So Edward went to go found Emmett ask him what he know about Bella. Emmett said Bella just got out of school now work with hour sister Alice and she is 21 Edward and she slim a fun Gail why do you ask Edward because I think I like her at good buy she many have a boyfriend well why do you ask her ok I will went she is free ok I will thank you Emmett your welcome bud. Bella men at Edward is so hot but I are ready have a boyfriend is Jacob but he is not my boyfriend anymore because he chat on me with one of my work no have never had sex at all did went to have with him who love me for me not what in twin my legs. But at was few mouths go and now am single woman. Now the entire gust is come to the party. Just start and everyone is having fun it been four hours later am on a break just sit in the kittens by myself just love the pica went Edward walk in the kitchen. I ask him do you need something he said no but I just went to talk to you some move if you went to ok than I said so what do you want to do about me well I went to no how was four days is going it ok go few but am just tire a little bit and you it ok at good so many party do you do a week some like with and some less over top and you I just got do work on Emmett and jasper movie they were on at good. So how older are you am 23 and you are what 21 at good why because just went to do ok so are you dating any one Edward ask no was a few mouth ago but did work why because he chat on me with one of my friends and you no am not dating any one at good. So what are doing with summer Bella? Well am work a lot after I fried hear I have to pack to go to ltily for few week to work for a king in ltily wedding and you well at sea like at good to be fun not ready I just went some free time but I went got at till find in ltily so long do you have to be there three week why just went if you went to spent some time with me went you come back at would be great without you are you buy no am off four the summer luck well nickel to talk to you but I have to get back to work ok well before to go and I cell you some time why not here is the number thank you your welcome see you later you to later at day. I was clean up went Edward ask me if he could take me home I said ok so he drive me home and on the way there he ask me would to like to go out for some coffee tower. I said it would be good with time tower he said 11:00 at would be great thank you for the ride home Edward your Bella sweet dream to you Edward later at day I got up to go on the coffee went I got ` Their Edward was wait for me there with a smile on his face nice to see you again to you to so did you like the food I make later night at the party yes like it every much at good a lot of people like my food so what do you went to talk about well how do you no Jacob so well went I was is my mom and dad rest wedding for me and Jacob but I did went to marry him because he yours to hits me but no one would believe me. So I life him till few mouth he found me work a with restaurants in Mimi and went bit over board and I cell the cop but went they came I was blackout from him hits me in the head. So now live in lea with fresh stray and you tell anyone before because if I did he said he would kill me but with I my first time tell anyone my story my mom and dad do no anything all they know is at I was in the hostile but why till me Bella because have seen your before now well your dad was my doc in Mimi and you come to see him one day the note at right but at main you where the woman my dad was talk went he said new a swan yes are you will mere to him no we drogue for five mouth now could be happier do your pares no yes no but they do no why. How come you have told them because is scram of what they will think of me Bella you are their duet they are go to believe you no matter what thank you for listing to my story but your father no all of with to but he said go to tell my mom and dad today at why am lave because I just found out Jacob is hear in Los Angeles and do went to see him at why you are go to ltily yes Bella why do you say with me I can do it