A/N: So, for new readers, I am known for being a kinky bitch. You should be warned. This story includes infidelity, sexual relations with a minor, and abuse. Be prepared. Opening the door to my fridge, I pushed my glasses back up and sighed when I found the empty box of Grasshoppers, reminding myself to put them in my office fridge next time. Apparently, Alice hadn't gone shopping before she'd left, too concerned with making sure she had all the right swimsuits to match the various pairs of sunglasses she had packed for her girls' weekend. She wouldn't have bought them for me anyway, she was always so concerned about my health and anything that wasn't cardboard or tasteless was banned, including Grasshoppers. I never understood how she managed to have so much energy to keep up with everything, including our eating habits. She deserved a weekend to herself, just her and her girlfriends, partying and relaxing, escaping the stress of real life. Lord knows being married to me was stressful enough, much less keeping our sixteen- year-old child happy and healthy. Dealing with us on top of her full time job kept her on her toes and it was nice to see her have a getaway. Just as I was debating my eating options, the deep smell of pine mixed with a hint of cinnamon flavored gum hit my nose and my heart nearly jumped right out of my chest. Clenching my fist on the door of the fridge, I tried to ignore the way my body instantly reacted to the scent, my muscles tensing in anticipation, my breathing hitching slightly. "Can I have one of these?" he asked, his velvet voice washing over me as he slid into the small space between me and the fridge, his ass rubbing against my already hardening cock as he bent over to grab one of my beers. Instinctively, my hands flew to his hips, just barely biting back a moan when his sharp hip bones dug through his tight- oh so deliciously fucking tight- jeans and into my palms. I gripped him tighter, wanting to sear that feeling into my hands so I'd never lose it. My eyes fell shut as my hips strained forward, silently cursing the material that separated my body from his when all I wanted to do was feel him against me. Standing straight, my arms fell limply to my sides, my stomach flipping when he spun around and gave me his trademark crooked grin, his eyes full of the playfulness I had missed. Wiggling the can in front of me, he smiled coyly. "I promise I won't tell." I knew how good he was at keeping secrets. He knew I would never tell him no. Besides, I'd done much worse things to him than giving him a can of beer, but I chose not to think about it like that. Almost dizzy from his sweet breath filling my lungs, I watched as he walked around me and hopped up on the counter, popping the top and chugging down the alcohol like it was water, the action making him appear much older than sixteen. Making an exaggerated 'ah' sound, he sat the can next to him and braced himself on his palms, his perfectly unruly brown hair falling into his eyes as he tilted his head and looked me over, his gaze roaming over me so hungrily it made my cock twitch. "So, Mr. Whitlock," he began, licking his lips as his jade eyes finally met mine, the lust I saw there making my knees a little weak. "Where's Mrs. Whitlock?" "She's gone for the weekend," I replied, trying to sound casual as I finally closed the fridge door and leaned my back against it, the cold metal sending shivers down my spine. I hated that I sounded like a lovesick schoolgirl, whining about not being the center of his universe, but I had been in a panic after the third day of not hearing from him, and I couldn't even begin to describe what the rest of the week had been like for me. Pouting, he started twirling the waves at the nape of my neck around his talented fingers. "I had to go to VBS and it was a little camp thing this year." "VBS?" I questioned, slightly breathless from his ministrations. Smirking, he explained, "Vacation Bible School." I couldn't even be surprised, knowing how adamant his parents were about him attending church and such but I was still unhappy about it, and not ready to quit sulking just yet. Sometimes it was hard to remember who the adult was and who the child was. Of course, he wasn't going to allow me to sulk for long. "Come on, love, don't be mad at me." He used the pet name I could never resist. "I'm here to make it up to you. And it looks like I'll have the whole weekend to do it." I knew he meant the whole weekend when Riley was sleeping or out of the house. Pulling out all his tricks, he closed his legs around my waist and pulled me close, moving his mouth next to my ear. His breath was hot and moist, making my skin pebble with goose bumps as he whispered, "You know how good I am at making things up to you." Yes. I knew it all too well. I felt the softest of kisses placed on my earlobe before his full lips were dragging across my cheek, teasing my skin with light caresses. I couldn't even hide the fact that I was already fucking panting. Stopping at the corner of my mouth, I felt his smirk when I finally relented and turned my head, catching his mouth mine. The kiss wasn't slow or soft or even reacquainting but then again, our kisses never were. They were rough and punishing, needy and messy, blissful and perfect, my mouth mashing against his and our tongues swirling furiously, teeth biting lips and hands pulling at each other's hair. Wrapping my arms around his torso, I pulled him closer, his lips swallowing my needy moan when he wiggled his hand between our bodies to palm my erection through my jeans. I skimmed my lips over his angular jaw, biting at it the way he liked, the way that always made him moan and shift against me, like he did just then. My lips reached a slightly raised area and I opened my eyes, pulling away slightly. "What the fuck?" I growled, glaring at the angry red imperfection on his neck that I hadn't put there. "Ugh, Bella," he said in explanation and rolled his eyes. "She wanted to spend time together when I got home today. She didn't even make it good for me." His lips pouted a bit at the end and I felt a little piece of my already damaged heart wither away. Fingering the skin over his pulse point, the spot right above her mark, he whispered, "Remind me how good it can be…please." I almost hated the way I was so ready to give him exactly what he wanted. Almost. I bruised him a little more than I normally did, making sure my mark was brighter than hers, more permanent, sinking my teeth in a bit too much and sucking a little harder only to soothe it with my tongue immediately after. The way he moaned and arched into me only fueled my desire and I was so sure he never acted that way when she touched him. Or at least, that's what I told myself. There might have been many years between us in age, but he and I were living the same lie. We were both in something we didn't want to be for the sake of those around us. He liked it when my wife was away and I liked it when his girlfriend kept her hands to herself. "Let's go upstairs," I breathed, noting that the clock hanging on the wall said we only had forty-seven minutes left. "No," he shook his head, his lips moving over my jaw. "Take me to your office. I always feel so dirty when you fuck me on your desk." His entire body writhed against me, like feeling dirty was a tangible thing and he loved it. Pulling back slightly, he looked into my eyes with a seductive grin. "You should leave the glasses on too. Makes me feel like I've been sent to the principal's office for being naughty." Bringing one of his hands up to his mouth, he used one finger to tap at his swollen bottom lip and feigned an innocent look. "Please, Principal Whitlock, don't paddle me." My cock fucking throbbed at the thought of bending him over my desk, turning his perfect, wonderfully pale ass pink with a paddle or, even better, my hand. Each slap reminding him that no matter whom he fucked, he would always be mine. Though, I knew it was the other way around. With a nervous flutter in my stomach, the one that always appeared when I was about to destroy another piece of my soul, I led him into my office and closed the door behind us, my hands already working the button on his jeans even as my head started spinning from lack of air. Our kissing never ceased, his tongue swirling with mine seemed much more important than oxygen. Chuckling against my mouth, he guided me behind my desk until the back of my knees hit my chair. Pulling his lips from mine, I felt his hot breath panting against my face as he said, "I learned something new at camp. Wanna see?" His eyes held excitement and I merely nodded, pushing away the irrational jealousy I felt, knowing that whatever he was about to show me would push me one step closer to the brink of insanity and I didn't need my emotions making it any worse. Pushing me down into my high back desk chair, I slouched down and licked my lips when he stripped off his tee shirt, his slightly toned body sparking feelings inside me that I had never noticed before he walked into my house the first time - smiling and sucking on a lollipop so seductively it looked like he had stepped right out of a porn video where the Catholic school girls were always blowing a teacher for an 'A'. Once his shirt was thrown on my floor, he dropped to his knees in front of me and began unbuckling my pants; I lifted my hips to help him as he pulled down my jeans and boxers to my thighs. My cock sprang free, slapping against my stomach and twitching when he licked his lips and smiled a small, smug smile. Bobbing on my cock a few times, I was already gripping the arms of my chair tightly when he slid off with a pop and looked up at me. "Okay, ready?" I nodded again. Taking a deep breath, he engulfed my cock again, slowly sliding his lips down toward the base. When I tapped the back of his throat, a loud groan left my lips as he swallowed me past his gag reflex and into his tight throat. Someone had taught him how to deep throat. Before, he had only been able to take me in a little more than halfway before he'd gag and pull back. Not that I was complaining. There was something so thrilling, so satisfying when he would choke on my cock and moan around me when I'd grab his head to hold him there, show him that I was in control regardless of what sort of power he thought he held over me. In the end, though, we both knew that wasn't true. However, his deep throating ended up being even better. "Oh…fuck," I growled through gritted teeth, fighting the urge to thrust up or grab his head. I