A/N: I wrote this for someone's birthday, I think? Or maybe an auction? I can't remember. It's all fluff. Enjoy. Walking into the school, my backpack slung over my shoulder, I grimaced when the smell of pencil shavings and immaturity hit me. I certainly hadn't missed it in the two weeks I had been gone for suspension. I got by with reminding myself that I only had two more months before I could leave that place forever and never look back. Then, I'd be free to do whatever I wanted and be whoever I wanted to be. While I hadn't missed the students or the teacher, or even the shitty building itself, I had missed something. Someone. The same someone that I was so ready to see again, my body was thrumming with anticipation. When my mom had found that I had been suspended for the third time that year, she had basically put me on house arrest so I had spent the two weeks in solitary. Which would have been fine since I didn't have many friends anyway but I cut out my time with him and it had almost killed me. Maybe I was being a bit dramatic but my body and my soul craved his in a way I had never experienced before him and being away literally took a physical toll on me. After two weeks of not sleeping right or eating right, I was ready to feel normal again. The late night texts and the occasional naughty picture message had not been enough. The halls were crowded with gossiping teenage girls and hormonal boys, all of them simultaneously ending their current conversations and ignoring their open lockers to chatter in whispered tones when I passed by about the most recent fight I had been in. When I had broken Tyler Crowley's jaw, the school had ignited with rumors and lies about how he'd stolen my girl or had owed me money. Apparently, even after my absence, the rumor mill was still spinning. I ignored them all, my legs instinctively leading me to a classroom I didn't need to be in just so I could catch a glimpse and maybe a stolen touch from him. When I rounded the corner, my mind immediately kicked into overdrive and my body tensed, preparing for a fight. My boy was on the ground, his books scattered haphazardly around him and his glasses were in pieces next to his head. His nose was also gushing blood. Taking a deep breath, I walked as calmly as I could over to the jocks that were crowding him. They were all laughing and pointing and I had a brief glimpse of what it would be like to snap all of the necks and throw their lifeless bodies in a river. Mike Newton and his groupies were the most disgusting and vile creatures in the school and they got away with everything terrible thing they could think of to do. Forks was a football town and as long as you were working toward keeping their championship title, you could do whatever the hell you wanted. The surrounding students paid no attention, of course; that kind of behavior was allowed as long as it wasn't happening to the star quarterback or any of his buddies. When I reached them, I had to fight the very strong to gather my boy in my arms and kiss his hair. "Get out of here," I told him and while my voice was as callous as possible, the way my fingers lingered just a second longer on his elbow when I helped him up let him know what I was really thinking. I'll take care of this. It feels so good to see you again. I love you. "What's wrong, Mikey?" I taunted when my boy was safely in the bathroom. "Still pissed that Stanley told everyone how little your dick is?" I made sure to speak loud enough that all the surrounding people heard my statement, doing everything I could to calm myself down so I didn't slam his face into a nearby locker. Right on cue, the hallway erupted in laughter and Mike gulped and took a step back. "Jessica is a stupid bitch. That slut was begging for my cock," he snarled, the challenge in his voice not matching his cowering demeanor. "That's not how I heard it. Word is she said she could've had more fun with her fingers." The students laughed harder and I smirked when he took a small step forward, his fists clenching at his sides. His buddies behind him had all but disappeared, their eyes wide as they stared at me, probably remembering what their friend had looked like when I had broken his fucking face. When I saw the determination in Mike's eyes, I took a step toward him and lifted my chin. "You feelin' froggy, motherfucker? Then leap." I knew one more fight would have me expelled but all I kept seeing was my boy, laying bloody and broken on the floor and it had me so enraged I could barely see straight. "Come on, Mikey. I'll even give you a free one." I pointed to my chin. "Just know that as soon as your ass is off school property, it's fucking mine." "Fuck you, Whitlock," he said, all the challenge in his voice completely gone by that point. "Sorry, I like my men with a little more meat between their legs." I smiled wryly. No one really knew that I was gay, then again, no one knew if I was straight either. I didn't talk to anyone and they didn't bother to ask, all coming up with conclusions on their own. Depending upon which click you asked, I was everything from a mafia lord's son to the local drug dealer. With wide eyes at my last statement, Mike turned and stalked off in the other direction, his buddies high tailing it behind him like the good little lap dogs they were. Sighing, I willed my body to relax and pinched the bridge of my nose between my fingers, thanking my lucky stars that none of the teachers had seen my little show. When I raised my head again, I noticed the hallway was almost empty, everyone scampering off to their respective classes. As quickly as my legs would allow, I ran to the bathroom down the hallway, needing to see my love. As soon as the large door closed behind me, I locked it and set down my booksack, laying my leather jacket on top of it. On the side of the stalls was my boy, standing in front of the mirror, cleaning the drying blood off his face. "I'm sorry, baby," I whispered, feeling so terrible that I hadn't been there sooner to protect him from those animals. I walked up behind him and wrapped my arms tight around his waist, burying my face in his hair and inhaling deeply. As his smell washed over, I felt all the left over tension in my muscles fade away, the feeling of his warm body and his clean scent soothing all of my aches. "Don't apologize, love. It wasn't your fault." But I felt like it was. Had I not been so concerned with checking the tires on my truck that morning, I wouldn't have been running late and I could've been there. Turning around in my arms, he threw the bloody wad of toilet paper in the trash bin and took my face in his hands, staring deeply into my eyes. No words were spoken for a few moments, we didn't need to speak, simply being with each other after such a long separation was enough. Leaning forward, my heart pounded in my chest as his soft lips touched mine, reacquainting ourselves with one another and the delicious electricity that flowed between us every time our skin made contact. After a minute or two of sweet kisses, I tilted my head and deepened the kiss, moaning softly when I tasted him again. I slid my hands down to his ass, squeezing him gently through his pants and lightly thrusting my hips toward him. It wasn't that I needed sex, I just needed to feel him, remind myself that he was real and that he was mine. When he pulled back to breathe, I pouted at the loss of contact and he smiled beautifully. "I missed you so much, love." "I missed you too, baby. Longest two weeks of my life." He laughed and then grimaced, taking one of his hands from around my neck to touch his nose. Immediately, I was flooded with concern, berating myself a little more for not checking on his injuries before attacking him. "Is it broken?" Shaking his head, he replied, "No, but it hurts like hell. Assholes broke my glasses, too." He reached into the pocket on his khakis and pulled out the remnants of his black framed lenses. Anger flowed through me again and I had second thoughts about beating Mike and all of his little groupies into a bloody pulp for hurting my boy. "It's okay, baby. We'll get you another pair. Same prescription as last time, right?" I double checked to make sure it hadn't changed recently as I stepped away from him to walk back to my bag. Reaching inside, I pulled out the ziploc bag of ibuprofen, he was allergic to acetaminophen, and a bottle of water that I kept there for occasions such as that. He often kept headaches and I hated for him to be in pain but I also knew that keeping meds with you was a ticket for suspension and I didn't want him to take that risk so I kept it in my bag for him. After pulling out two of the pills, I opened the water for him and watched silently as he downed it, licking my lips when his adam's apple bobbed up and down with each swallow. It was the little things like that that always turned me on the most; a hand running through his messy hair, sinking his teeth into his bottom lip as he concentrated on his schoolwork, the way he blushed when the teacher called on him in class. Unable to resist, I leaned forward and kissed his neck, peeking my tongue out for a short second to lick at his pulse point, loving the way it sped and he moaned at my touch. After he set the water bottle on the sink, he wrapped his arms back around my neck tighter than before and craned his neck, silently begging me to continue. I gave him what he wanted, kissing my way from his neck up to his jaw and back to his lips, trying my damndest to ignore my wakening cock. As if reading my mind, he whispered, "Do you have a little time?" I knew it was a free period for him but I wasn't so lucky. "I'm supposed to be in Trig right now." "It won't hurt to skip just this once." Chuckling, I rested my forehead against his. "I've been out for two weeks, baby. I need to catch up." "Please, love," he whimpered when I tugged at his bottom lip with my teeth. "I've missed you so much. Please…" Groaning at his needy tone, I gave up the fight and crushed my mouth to his, unable to deny him anything. Our tongues swirled around each other as I gripped his ass in both hands, lifting him and placing him on the edge of sink. The change in height prevented our lips from staying together so I moved my attention back to his neck, purposefully nipping at the sensitive spot just below his ear. Impatiently, he reached for the buckle on his belt and started undoing his pants, his hips thrusting against my stomach. Batting his hands away, I replaced them with my own, quickly freeing his cock from his briefs.