A/N: This is another WIP. As I'm sure you know, it's BDSM. All the usual warnings. Enjoy. walked around him, inspecting his form as my cock grew harder by the second, his beauty and submission almost too much for me to handle. His head was bowed so I couldn't see his face but I heard his breathing accelerate as I ghosted my fingers down his bare back. Nude, he kneeled before me, his hands laced behind his head and his ass resting on his heels. completely vulnerable and at my mercy. I had wanted him like this for so long. I had first seen Edward at a play party, strapped tight to a custom made whipping bench as Master Jasper paddled him. Before him, no one at the party had really caught my eye but as I watched his pale flesh turn a beautiful rose color, I was utterly enamored. Not to mention painfully hard. There wasn't a single person in the room that could rival his beauty. Firm and lithe, his tall build was sculpted with lean muscle, not overly built but built just enough for his muscles to strain against his bonds, rolling and tensing every time his Master took the paddle to his beautiful ass. His hair was an odd color, bronze or copper, maybe a mixture of both and it was completely untamed, sticking up in every direction but somehow, it was perfect. Wearing a thick, black collar, the harsh color contrasted amazingly well with his alabaster skin and, for the first time in my life, I felt a twinge of jealousy that it wasn't my collar around his long neck. I wanted him. Badly. After thoroughly paddling him, Master Jasper had Edward get on his knees and bring him to orgasm which, not surprisingly, took a short amount of time. It had been easy to see that Edward was a wonderful sub, very attentive and responsive, not an ounce of hesitation or defiance. Later that night, I had talked with Master Jasper as we lounged on the black leather sofas that were placed next to the side stage. The club was standard, I suppose, a bit stereotypical in my opinion. Deep burgundy paint covered the walls and ceiling and the floor was black tile, black leather couches were sporadically placed with small tables next to each that had bowls of condoms and trial size packets of lube. In front of each couch were low rise bondage tables, equipped with wrist and ankle cuffs as well as D rings lining each side. Overall, it was dimly lit, candles in each corner and hanging from the ceiling in typical medieval fashion providing the only light, with the exception of the bright spot lights that were directed at the stages. The only thing that made the club even remotely enjoyable that night was the man in front of me. Sitting at Jasper's feet was Edward, his head on his Jasper's thigh while the leather leash from his collar was still wrapped around his Master's wrist. Since he was no longer performing, I could admire his beauty easier. The way his soft bronze locks fell onto his forehead, the high set of his cheek bones, his chiseled jaw, how his full lips pouted when he turned his head every so often to kiss his Master's jean covered thigh, the sparkling deep green of his eyes. And his cock. Oh, his cock was a thing of beauty. Made to be worshipped in every way and I wanted to be the one to do. I wanted to show him what true pleasure was. He was absolutely stunning. Jasper had told me that his wife, Alice, was pregnant with their first child and that they were planning on taking a break from the lifestyle to focus on parenting. Edward was Jasper's 24/7 sub and they were looking into finding him a new Master in their absence. Of course, I was quick to show my interest in taking him on. I had told Jasper that I was currently without a sub and that I would be more than happy to set an arrangement with Edward. I tried to keep my excitement hidden, not wanting to appear overly eager but just the mere thought of having in my playroom, bound and waiting for me to do whatever I wished with him...I was practically squirming in my seat. Jasper looked me over carefully for a long moment before speaking. "In my lap, Edward," his Master had commanded with tug of the leash and Edward immediately obeyed, crawling into Jasper's lap, his body turned sideways and keeping his head down. Jasper's hand came up to run through Edward's hair as he whispered in his ear, Edward's eyes rising to mine for a fraction of a second before a deep blush spread from his cheeks to his chest. I couldn't make out what Jasper had been saying to him but I was sure it involved my interest in taking him on as a sub. As I openly drank in his perfect form, I saw his cock twitch and I wanted nothing more than to know what Jasper had said at that moment that had caused his body to react that way. Jasper noticed it as well and I saw a wicked grin grace his features before his other hand reached for Edward's cock, stroking it loosely as Edward's eyes closed and his pouty lips parted, inclining his head further toward Jasper's lips as he continued to whisper in Edward's ear. Jasper's grip tightened on Edward and his lips moved from his ear to his neck, kissing it for a moment before sinking his teeth into Edward's flesh, a throaty moan leaving Edward's parted lips from the sensation. Edward nodded his head as his hips began to rock to meet Jasper's hand, and I read Jasper's lips as he whispered, "Good boy." My cock was ready to burst and when I saw Jasper run his thumb over the slit in Edward's beautiful cock, gathering up some of the leaking precum before bringing it to Edward's mouth, his pink tongue immediately lapping at his own juices like the obedient little slave he was... I almost came untouched. "Back in your position, pet." Jasper said just as he looked back at me and I was sure my arousal was written all over my face, not to mention the bulge in my jeans. Before Edward reached the floor, I watched a slow smile spread over Jasper's face before he stopped him with a sharp pull at his leash. "On second thought, slave, I'm in the mood for a show." Edward visibly shivered. On his knees in between Jasper's spread legs, Edward kept his head down but I could almost feel the excitement rolling off of him in waves. If I'm being completely honest, I had been pretty excited for the show myself. Leaning forward, Jasper threaded his fingers through Edward's hair, pulling his head back so he could see his face. "Hmmm...I'll let you choose tonight. Embry or Seth?" Edward whimpered. "Seth, please. If it pleases you, Master." I wanted to hear him call me Master. His voice was so smooth, hypnotizing almost and I wanted to hear that voice in a different tone as he screamed behind his gag while I fucked him hard from behind. "Master Jacob is right next to the bar. Tell him that I'd liked to speak with him." Edward scampered away quickly, Jasper slapping his ass as he passed. "Edward has developed a bit of a crush on one of Jacob's subs, Seth." Jasper told me with an indulgent smile. "Ever since their first time meeting at Master Aro's house, if Edward has had the chance, he's requested play time with him." Edward immediately dropped back into position at Jasper's feet as Jacob followed closely behind, Seth crawling on his hands and knees next to him as Jacob led him with a leash. Embry was on his other side, also on hands and knees, crawling next to his Master. Even though the lighting was dim in the club, I could make out Seth's perfect form. His head was bowed, his long black hair flowing around his shoulders and his back was arched. Seth and Embry's collars were much different from Edward's, a simple silver chain with a d-ring hanging in the front to attach their leashes to. The silver against his dark skin looked very enticing, I could see why Edward had a crush. "Jasper, how have you been?" Jacob had asked, reaching out to shake Jasper's hand. "Pretty good, just chatting with Carlisle here," Jasper gestured toward me with a nod of his head. "How are you, Jacob?" I asked as I leaned over, taking my turn at shaking his hand. I had met him a few times here and there at different play parties and such. Jacob was hard to miss standing at six foot six, his huge build much like that of a lumber jack. His long black hair, not much different from Seth's, was kept in a tie at the base of his neck. "Can't complain. You needed to see me, Jasper?" Jasper smiled and reached down to run his fingers through Edward's hair. I had noticed that Jasper did that often and I wondered if it was more than just idly touching his sub, if maybe it was a comforting gesture to Edward. "Actually, I wanted to ask if I could borrow Seth for a bit, if he's not already serving you." Jasper smiled. "I was actually about to set up a short Shibari lesson with Embry if you'd like to take Seth for a while." Jacob was well known for his talent with Shibari rope art. He was the best I had ever seen, aside from myself of course, and people came from all around to attend one of his classes. "You be a good boy for Master Jasper and I'll let you sleep at the foot of my bed tonight," Jacob had told Seth as he pulled him to his feet, removing his leash. Seth certainly didn't seem to have a problem with this command, his cock already standing so proudly that I thought he might come from one touch. "Yes, Master," Seth answered with a vigorous nod of his head. It appeared that Edward's crush was mutual. Seth dropped back to his knees and awaited Jasper's command. Leaning back, Jasper let his long legs fall open. "Sit here, Edward, facing Seth." Jasper pointed to the space in between his legs. Once Edward was positioned, Jasper sat up straighter and wrapped his arms around Edward's chest, stroking the skin softly as Edward's head lulled back onto Jasper's shoulder. I sat up a little straighter as well, my hands resting on my knees as my breathing started to accelerate, excited and curious about what Jasper was planning. "Come here, Seth." Seth crawled forward until he was positioned directly in front of Edward, sitting up and resting his ass on his heels. Seth was sexy as hell and I was more than ready to see him in action. Especially if that action was with Edward. "Look at me, Seth," Jasper said, still running his hands over Edward's chest. "You want his cock, slave?" Seth nodded eagerly, licking his lips in anticipation as Edward's cock pulsed inches from his mouth. "Ask him if you can have his cock." Looking up from beneath his long, dark lashes, Seth whispered, "May I please have your cock, Edward. Please let me suck you off." Edward looked ready to weep, ready to beg or do whatever his Master wanted to grant Seth's request. His eyes were glazed and, even in the dim lighting, I could see them darken even further as he looked down at the boy who was so ready to suck his cock. "Do you want him?" Jasper asked Edward, his voice husky with arousal. "Yes, Master, please," Edward whispered, his hips straining