DISCLAIMER: Obviously I do not claim to own the Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit, and any recognizable character. If I did, then you know to call the mental asylum. This is Tolkien's playground, and I'm just having fun with the equipment. I do, however, own the OCs. *cuddles them protectively* Also, I am only putting this disclaimer in once. Because this site can be a pain in the rear and I don't want to tempt fate. No flames for this please. *hides behind boulder* . . …. CHAPTER ONE When The Eyes See Lies …. Indion, a councillor for the king of the woodland realm, stepped into the library carrying a cup of wine in one hand and a report in the other. All he had was a little work left to do, and then the rest of the day to spend at leisure, which he was looking forward to. Some Sindar were known to gather in a private room to share a good bottle of Dorwinion wine. And no tree-hugging Silvans among them. Indion was new to the palace and already the large population of Silvan elves was grating on his nerves. You see, my son. The Silvans are considered equals even though it was us who brought them together and made them 'so'. A Silvan cares nothing for politics or ruling; only for their trees and flowers. But they are also dangerous and untrustworthy. Do not fall for their merry games or you will find yourself with a dagger in your back. But what about King Thranduil? Young Indion asked. He married a Silvan. The marriage between our king and this forest maiden was advantageous in that it united them to our cause. The queen is beloved by her people. Still, the king would have done better wedding one of his own instead of chasing after fey, barefooted maidens. As for his heirs… their royal blood is tainted by the carelessness of their father. But power can change hands, my son. It just takes time and patience… And so a deep mistrust of Silvans was implanted in the young elf's mind from an early age, so that whenever he saw his Sindar kin mingling freely with the wood-folk, he despised them for their weakness and short sight. One day the king would see reason and things would change. Those things just took… time. The library was a magnificent place. Floor to ceiling bookcases lined one half of the great room, the contents of their shelves exuding the familiar scent of ink, aged parchment and leather. The dark wood, of which they were all built, was highly lacquered and daily polished to a brilliant sheen. Two wide ladders set into tracks allowed easy access to those volumes beyond arm's reach. Freestanding bookcases marched across the floor like dark and bright soldiers on parade. Each scroll, book, and manuscript as sorted and indexed in a precise manner adopted from the ancient libraries at Doriath before its ruin.. In the central part of the room stood four heavy tables with straight-backed chairs, and two small desks. Centered on two of the tables were painted porcelain jars containing the tools the scholars used in their repair and maintenance of the library's precious content. Impressive bronze chandeliers hung majestically from the curved and painted ceiling, their polished scrolled arms the home of numerous candles that provided plenty of light for work and reading. The wood gleamed with polish and the books free of dust motes. The tall elegant windows were open; allowing warm summer, fresh breezes and cheerful birdsong to drift in. Sunlight brightened the entire room and created warm patterns on the polished floor. Indion placed his tea down on one of the tables with a pleased smile - he had the entire room to himself - and nearly had a heart attack. Facing one of the windows was a male elf; tall and lithe, dressed in dark gray robes. His long midnight black hair spilled down his shoulders to his lower back in a thick curtain, shorter uneven strands curling slightly about his handsome face. There was no doubt in Indion's mind as to who this elf was; none other than the Crown Prince himself. His head turned slightly at the surprised choke of the young councilor. "Lord Indion." he greeted with a firm nod. The other elf recovered from his surprise and bowed respectfully, privately resenting every moment though he made an effort to hide his thoughts. It would never do to lose any chance of gaining a high position in the court by insulting the royalty. "Prince Anárion," he said. "I didn't realize you were in here." "My apologies for startling you, Indion." the crown prince inclined his head with a small smile. His eyes were startlingly dark blue - as blue as a deep midsummer sea, they said, and his secret, wistful smile had melted many a maiden's heart. It was all Indion's sister could talk about - the princes this , the princes that . She didn't listen to their father like he did. You were right, Adar. He thought. We're going to be overrun by Silvans and half-breeds. He noticed how one of the prince's hands rested firmly on the window ledge, allowing him to take his weight off of his right leg. Even as he shifted slightly it was obvious that he favored it, preferring to keep all this weight on his left side. "I heard you are new to the court for training." the crown prince remarked casually. Indion frowned, angry at being referred to as a protege. Then he remembered in whose presence he was and quickly smiled. "I am." "It is rare that one so young is allowed to join the meetings." Indion bristled. "I have been trained in politics since I was born," he replied angrily. "My father is Sindar and a respected court advisor. I am to take his place eventually." And you, he gloated, are nothing but a cripple trying to maintain your place as Crown Prince. "Peace; I meant no offense." the prince raised his hand in a calming gesture. A small wince of pain crossed his features but vanished as swiftly as it had come. Indion watched impassively; still seething. He recalled everything he had ever heard about this ellon… There were the tales about his strange visions; the gift of foresight, as if he was so blessed as the Lady Galadriel. Indion didn't know if they were true or not, and it was a subject the palace elves seemed to like to avoid and keep private as blinded by loyalty and adoration as they were. When he finally found a servant willing to talk, she swore that she had caught a glimpse of the prince during one of his fits and heard his desperate screams. What kind of a future ruler was that? And then there was Prince Legolas. In all appearance the second son was a Sindar; golden haired, pale eyed, as fierce a warrior as a wildcat. Indion had admired him at first. But at his heart Legolas was one of the wood-folk, with a love for sitting in trees. That had brought Indion's admiration to a screeching halt. As for Princess Finduilas… Indion hadn't met her yet but he had seen her. That alone was enough to make him never wish to have to speak with her. All this went through the ellon's head, so he missed how the aforementioned cripple was watching him carefully, dark eyes reading the other elf's face with a warrior's scrutiny. The prince may have been forced to forsake that life, but his skills were nonetheless keen. At last the prince looked back toward the window. "The trees sing joyfully today," he spoke softly to himself as if the young councilor wasn't there. "Their song is deep and pulses through the forest like a heartbeat." "Excuse me, your highness, but I have work to attend to." Indion bowed again and, picking up his things, retreated out of the library. Once away, he finally allowed his lower lip to curl in disgust. But what else could one expect from an elf of mixed blood? Yes father, he thought, some day things will be different and I will be there to see it happen. ... Anárion listened until the ellon's footsteps receded down the outside corridor and faded away. He breathed out sharply and turned back around, leaning against the window ledge and running his fingers through his long dark hair. "That one looks like trouble." A deep voice said. A warrior materialized out of the shadows in the corner where he had been concealed and watching the entire exchange. He was so alike in form and face to Anárion that the two elves could be mistaken for brothers. But if one looked closely they would see how the warrior's features were slightly more angular, his shoulders broader, and his voice deeper. "Aye, he despises me. I could see it in his eyes. And knowing Lord Morhir, his opinion on Silvans must be less than favorable." the crown prince grimaced. Saegolas' expression grew dark. The quiet elf took any slight to his people as seriously as he took his duty as a warrior of the woodland realm. "Something should be done about Lord Morhir and his followers before they become more of a threat." he said. "They are blinded by prejudice and lies." "They cannot be trusted!" "I know. And yet we cannot accuse Morhir of spreading these rumors, for he would deny having anything to do with it. My father trusts him. At least to a certain extent." Anárion let go of the ledge, his face twisting into a grimace as sharp spikes of pain shot up his leg. It was paining him more so than usual. He hobbled over to the table and sat down wearily. "At least there are not so many as we originally thought." "Numbers can grow in seconds, ernil nin ." Saegolas replied grimly. "Especially under one such as Morhir." "True." Anárion agreed. "But many more are loyal to my mother." "Loyalties can change." Anárion sighed. " Mellon nin , you are making it very difficult to see the bright side of a grim situation and its hardly helpful," the crown prince said, half in seriousness, half in amusement. "This is a battle that cannot be won by brute force with arrows and swords. No; this will require much more finesse, and knowing who can be bribed." "But it might someday." Saegolas seated himself on a chair nearby, leaning back and laying his forearms on the armrests. "Do you intend to approach the advisors about this?" "Not until we know who can be trusted, and who is Morgoth-spawn. I have a strong feeling that there is more reason to Lord Morhir's schemes than getting rid of the Silvans. However much you and I would like to throw his arrogant carcass into the dungeons, that will have to wait until we have suitable evidence for our case." Anárion removed a sheet of parchment and picked up a quill pen. Dipping it in an inkwell, he addressed it to one of Mirkwood's captains and started to write in neat, flowing script. When he was finished he folded the parchment, sealed it with a glob of red wax, and stood up. He handed it to Saegolas, who rose also. "Take this to Captain Naeros. It's the report he asked for. He can read it out to the-" His vision went black. Silence. It was so deep in the forest of green and gold, where trees extended their leafy branches laden with thick foliage up to the heavens, as sunlight filtered through the leaves and dappled the ground in dancing patterns of warmth when the breeze sometimes whispered through the boughs. It seemed so real… yet so dreamlike… but he knew this was no dream. The peacefulness was a mask. At first glance it appeared to be