DISCLAIMER: Yes! I own the twins! Muhuhahahaha *gasp* *choked by lawyers* OKAY OKAY! No, the twins do not belong to me only to J. R. R. Tolkien. Only in my wildest dreams perhaps. But then again, they are dreams only. *deep sigh* Summary: Some of Elladan's age-mates make fun of him while he is away, and little Elrohir takes it upon himself to defend his twin's honor. . . ... RIGHT HERE by NightHaunter15 ... Summary: Some of Elladan's age-mates make fun of him and young Elrohir takes it upon himself to defend his twin's honor… with painful results. . (the twins are about eight years old) Bright rays filtered in through the window, creating warm patterns of sunlight on the wooden floor and braided rugs. A robin hopped about on the tree just outside the window, cocked it's red head and opened its beak. Other birdsong of all kinds, twitterings and cool morning dove's coos, rose from every tree and joined together in chorus to welcome the rising sun as it cast its warm rays over the sleepy valley of Imladris, where the residents were just beginning to wake up and start the day. Young Elrohir lay curled up in his bed, one arm tucked beneath the pillows and the other curled up lightly against his chest, which rose and fell gently with every breath. His long, dark eyelashes and tangled dark brown hair contrasted with his pale face still rounded with elfling freshness. The rays touched his face and he stirred, rolling over onto his side and yawned. His eyes fluttered open and he blinked against the bright assault. "Mooorn...ing…" he murmured drowsily to nobody in particular, as there was no one in the room except for himself, of course. The other bed that belonged to Elladan was still empty. Elrohir was about to roll over and go back to sleep when a sudden realization made him sit up abruptly. ' Dan's coming home today! he thought, elation rising and making his gray eyes shine. 'Dan's coming home! 'Dan's coming home today! He threw off the covers and eased himself out of bed, mindful of his tightly wrapped ankle, and fumbled to get on his leggings and a tunic. He was bursting with excitement and it took him three tries before he managed to get the laces of his lightweight leather shoes tied correctly like their nana taught them. Three weeks ago, Elladan had gone with Nana to Lothlorien to visit daernana and daeradar. Elrohir, battling a badly sprained ankle and confined to a chair for a week, was unhappily left behind with their adar. Celebrian thought it would do the boys some good to gain some independence. The twins were rarely separated and it was a new experience for both of them. Elrohir had to amuse himself with books and paintings. He missed his twin greatly; they were like two halves making up one whole unit, and without Elladan, Elrohir felt lost. Now, after nearly a month of being by himself, Elrohir would finally be reunited with his older twin. Elrohir's ankle was nearly fully healed. It was sore but he could walk on it without crutches now, much to his delight. Elrond told his young son to take it easy, and Elrohir would usually listen to his father's advice. Today, however, he was too excited to remember. ' Dan's coming home! Elrohir threw open the chamber door and raced down the hallway as fast as his legs could carry him. Servants had awoken and started about their various tasks. He could already smell breakfast being prepared in the kitchens, and knew that if he wanted to be on time he would have to hurry. Not that he wasn't already. The younger twin was in such a hurry that he wasn't watching where he was going and slammed into something solid. He stumbled back and almost fell over, but a firm grip on his upper arm quickly righted him at once. Elrohir tipped his head back and stared upward into the face of Imladris' golden-haired balrog-slayer. Glorfindel smiled down at the elfling, who stared back with wide gray eyes. "Good morning, master Elrohir! I am glad that your ankle is healing up nicely. What has you in such a rush?" Elrohir's wide grin stretched from each to ear. "Morning, Glor!" he replied dutifully, gray eyes glowing with elation. "It's 'Dan and Nana," he said proudly, "They're coming back today. 'Dan promised he'd bring me a flute made out of mallorn wood." The Vanya chuckled. "That's nice of him…" he trailed off, realizing that Elrohir was already on his way again without having waited for a reply. Somewhat out of character, because the younger twin was always the more quiet and respectful of the two. Especially compared to Elladan: who was stubborn and bold in all ways. Glorfindel shook his head in amusement and continued on his way toward the library. He would see Elrohir later during breakfast. For now it was clear that the child could think of nothing else except Elladan. Elrohir was, indeed, shyer than his twin. Elladan had inherited more stubbornness and even some arrogance. He was the leader and spokesman of the two, and Elrohir followed his every move mostly without question. The younger twin caught sight of his ada just outside the dining room doors. "Ada!" he shouted happily, waving his arms wildly and determined to spread the good news throughout all of the valley, "'Dan and Nana are coming home today!" Elrond caught Elrohir in his arms and wrapped him in a warm embrace. He was glad that Elrohir was back to his normal cheerful self again. The child had been moping ever since his twin left. "Good morning, ion nin, they are indeed." he said, glancing down at Elrohir's left ankle with a small healer's frown. "You shouldn't be running so hard yet. Give your ankle more time to heal, or you risk chance of re-injuring yourself." Elrohir nodded obediently, though the light in his eyes did not dim. He followed Elrond into the dining hall and sat down at the table for breakfast. The cook served fresh biscuits with honey along with the usual bread and fruit, but he was too excited to eat much, and hurried away from the table as soon as he was excused out into the warm, fresh summer air. The sun rose higher in the pale blue sky. Elrohir wandered through one of the woody meadows near the main house. He passed one of the training grounds where a group of older elflings were already hard at practice. Elrohir paused a minute to watch them somewhat wistfully. Both boys would soon begin their warrior training with the other elflings. At the moment, they were still too young. The voices of elflings drew Elrohir out of his thoughts and further into a copse of tall oak trees. He crouched down behind a row of bushes and saw a group of eight - each a few years older or younger than himself - squatting around a circle drawn in the dirt by a stick. Some played a game with colored river pebbles and talking while the others watched, and cheered when one of them won a round. For awhile Elrohir watched the game curiously, then gradually became aware of what the elflings were talking about. "Ada says there haven't been any orcs around here for ages," one of the female elflings said, picking up a dark blue rock. "It's been much nicer around here." The light-haired male next to her snickered. "Especially without that Elladan Peredhel around to bother us," he added, flicking a red pebble into the center of the circle. His tone was more of a sneer. "He thinks just because he's Lord Elrond's son that he can do whatever he wants." "That's right, Aennen. He's a proud snide," another male elfling said gleefully. "Always so proud and kingly, just like this!" He stood up and stuck his nose haughtily into the air, prancing around the circle with overdramatic steps while the other elflings shrieked with laughter. Hidden by the bushes, Elrohir felt an angry flush creeping up his neck. Elladan was not like that at all, and how dare these elflings speak of his twin brother that way! "Do it again, Balthoron!" the silver-haired female elfling urged, laughing, "But Elladan looks a bit more like this," she, too, rose and crossed her eyes, swaggering back and forth while Balthoron pranced and made faces. "No, Firi," Aennen crowed. he's more like this... " His arms pinwheeled wildly as he intentionally slipped and fell hard onto his backside with an oomph. That only made the others laugh all the harder until Balthoron was practically choking. Aennen crossed his eyes and stuck out his tongue. "I'm Prince Elladan, might warrior and pig-slopper, just like Lord Elrond!" "That's not true!" cried an indignant voice. Every elfling whirled around in surprise to find out that their mocking play had a hidden audience, as Elrohir Elrondion emerged from his hiding spot, red and angry as a hornet. They exchanged wide-eyed glances with each other, some even scared at being caught in the act of saying such things about Elladan and Lord Elrond of all people! One of them glared at Aennen for taking it so far, but the blond-haired elfling just smirked, undaunted. "If it isn't the other piglet, Elrohir." he sneered. "Or maybe it's Elladan. They're both the same." "We aren't the same!" Elrohir snapped, clenching his fists at his side. "And don't you speak about 'Dan that way. He isn't a snide, and neither is my ada!" Balthoron sniggered. "Look at the wittle baby elfling come to defend his pwecious family." Aennen laughed, mockingly. "Alright, then. you aren't like the all-mighty 'Dan at all. He's too arrogant. You are coward, Elrohir Peredhel. You aren't even an elf at all, just a half-breed spawn of humans and a cowardly little baby." "I think he's going to cry," Firith smiled haughtily at Elrohir, flipping her shining hair tauntingly over her shoulder. "Go home and wait for your brother, and leave us true elves alone. We aren't going to keep with the likes of you. Did you know that your ada's own twin brother chose to become a Man?" she made a disgusted face. "And do you know what happens to Men? They die and never come back." Aennen leaned closer, his dark eyes drinking in the sight of the distraught younger elf. "And you know what? Elladan's going to do the same thing to you. He's going to leave you behind and go off and die somewhere in the mud, just like he deserves! Because he's a liar and a coward." Elrohir's jaw trembled and angry, mortified tears blurred his vision. He could hear the other elflings' wild laughter as they continued to mock his brother and tease him. How could they say such things. Elrohir didn't know that Ada had a brother, or that he had decided to become a Man. Would Elladan ever decide to become a Man and die, leaving Elrohir behind and never see him again? No, Elrohir told himself fiercely. 'Dan would not do that to him. He blinked back the tears and raised his head, glaring fiercely at Aennen. "My brother," he snapped. "Is not a liar or a coward!" The trio paused and looked at the dark-haired youngest peredhel. They had never seen Elrohir look so angry before. But usually Elladan was around to defend his younger twin. Aennen wasn't impressed though. He took a step closer and shoved his face into the younger elf's, so close that his breath was hot against Elrohir's cheek. "Prove it," he hissed, knowing full well that Elrohir despised getting into fights. That was why he was caught completely off guard when a small fist slammed full-force into his face and sent him stumbling backward into Balthoron. The elflings cried out in shock and drew back