(( Writers Note: Hello creatures of the interwebs! It's a given that I do not own the magical world of Harry Potter or any of J.K Rowling's fantastic characters, but i do claim rights on Kieran Nathair - seeing as she is heavily modeled after myself. That being said many of the the characters in my story represent real people, to which i cannot take credit for for the wonderful characters they are. Exceptions being Emelia Emery, etc. This first scene was a true (albeit dramatized) incident that happened in my life. Enjoy!)) May 2, 1998 A young girl, only a few years old, lay there, a tattered blanket swaddled around her haphazardly, with long dark hair coiling out of the top. Her breathing was labored, and her heart was beating dangerously fast; She was restless, it felt as if she had just fought, and lost, a battle that had tested her every limit. Little pudgy fingers kept the rough blanket hooked under her nose as she looked around the creaky little cabins main room; she had been particularly bad today, destructive and inconsolable, and so her mother punished her by letting her sleep on the couch, instead of the bed they shared. Outside the windows she could see the large pine trees illuminated by the glow of the moon, swaying eerily in the wind and creaking to make a haunting music alongside the cabin. Kieran lay there awake for hours, fighting an internal struggle. Constantly she would feel the need to drink water to sooth her unquenchable thirst, but to no avail. Her dry mouth could not be soothed and so she lay there, heaving, shuddering, and trying desperately just to let her mind slip into its unconscious. The moment she shut her eyes and allowed the thumping of her heart to lull her, a particular creak of the floor made her eyes snap open to search for the culprit– and there, just at the other end of the small cabin room was a figure, hunched, and cloaked. It did not advance for her, and it had made no indication it had broken in – so Kieran thought, perhaps it was just a shadow from their cabinet, or coat rack, or somehow even a tree. But not even her naive mind could deny the red eyes hidden in the darkness. "M-…Mommy.." Kieran squeaked, but it was inaudible, and now she was shaking. The figure stood there, hunched still, and then she realized it was resting against the counter, breathing in sync with her own, as it clenched its chest. Slowly she unhooked the crinkled blanket from under her nose, her hands clenching it so hard her pudgy fingers had turned an unusual shade of white "M-Mommy!" she said more desperately, still not above a whimper, and then, the shadow moved. Kieran threw the blanket over her head in fear the shadow would lunge at her. But laying there in the darkness, there was no sound, no indication that the figure had even moved. With the blanket to protect her, Kieran slowly pulled it down, only to be met by piercing red eyes, their pupils slit venomously. An ear shattering scream blared from her little lungs, and all at once the figure seemed to dissipate, blooming into smoke and coiling into her lungs with the taste of ash. She choked desperately, her body suddenly hot as fire, her skin feeling charred and every nerve pinching with excruciating pain. Then, as she felt the oxygen slip away from her, her throat burning, she reached out her hand to call out for help again, but as her little white hands reached out the walls of the cabin gave way and the pipes of the house bursted. Arietty, Kieran's mother rushed from the bedroom and gasped "Kieran!?" "Mommy." Kieran managed, the droplets of water that misted her face, and the presence of her mother seemed to sooth the beast that tormented her, and though the dryness of her mouth seemed to never fade, the freezing water that now flooded their house acted as a bath, battling a fever, and the warmth from her mother's embrace made the nightmares vanish, and the world whole again… Years later Kieran knew something in her had changed, something inside her stirred restlessly, and strange things continued to happen. It was as if a blindfold had been taken off, and now all around her she could see the truth, and wonder, of the world. To Kieran, this was all she ever knew, but now there wasn't a doubt about it. Kieran was only five years old when her mother finally told her the truth, or rather, was forced to do so; because when a young Witch or Wizard commits magic, they signal a greater force - even if the parents try desperately to hide it. It wasn't something Arietty expected to happen, for she herself was born without magic, and figured that her daughter may have been the same( for certain experiences yet revealed) - In fact, Arietty prayed Kieran would have been a Squib, the same as herself, and then they could live in the forest together forever, in peace. Maybe after what she had been through she had lost a rational mind, and now she was forced to face the thing she dreaded the most, her past. Sometime after Kieran set fire to the drapes, after an outburst over something minor, a stuffy little woman knocked on their door. Kieran sat in her couch fort and watched as her mother fussed over her unruly copper locks, and then throwing a sweater over her freckled shoulders opened the door, just barely, her pointed nose sticking out from it and her duel-tone eyes staring wearily. The woman wore tight little business clothes over her bony figure, and her posture was something of a soldier's, or so Kieran imagined. Instantly her pinchy little face glared accusingly at Arietty, and her funny, posh accent whirled inside the house like the chirping of a bird. "Arietty Nathair, I am here on official Ministry business." Her eyes trailed from her Mothers to Kieran, who barely poked her dark head of hair out from the fort. "I cannot express the seriousness of the situation, would you please allow me inside?" Arietty fumbled to unchain the door, and Kieran could only watch with angst as the woman came inside, her heels 'clacking' over the old wood. She promptly pulled out a paper document, her sickly slim limbs then handing it over to Arietty. Arietty briefly scanned the paper and looked to Kieran quickly "Sweetie, go to the room, Mommy needs to talk to this woman.. alone." She said so calmly, but Kieran could note the angst behind every word. Kieran fussed for a moment, not wanting to leave her fort, but after awhile of the woman's scrutinizing gaze, Kieran stumbled out of the fort and crawled into the room. She attempted to keep the door cracked so she might hear, and see what they were going to discuss, but a threatening glare from her mother made her slam the door, and she retreated on to their crooked bed with a thump. "I suspect you know why I am here - Apart from your daughter." The woman began with a sigh, straightening her paperwork, and sliding her thin wire glasses back against her face. Arietty fiddled with the hem of her sweater, doubling over the paper with weary eyes, she had a guess as to what the woman meant, but could do or say nothing from the shock of it. "Well-" the woman continued, pulling out one last paper "You have been asked to attend court over your association with a Mister 'Thesper Wolf', and 'He Who Shall Not Be Named'. MACUSA is more than willing to hand this one over to us." "This is Tribe lands, MACUSA has no place here - and I have nothing to hide." Arietty added a bit too quickly. "Then may I ask why it is you felt the need to flee all the way into this Tribes lands, all the way in America where it is possible the Ministry of Magic might overlook? Not to mention the same lands your Husband is from. Suspicious if you tell me." The woman asked coolly, her head tilted down and her thin little lips pulled into something unimpressed. "I did not 'flee' from the Ministry, and Thesper is banned from these lands, it was the only place i felt safe from him." She said mournfully, her eyes hardened. "Then why not ask for the aid of the Ministry?" "You were a little tied down, if I do remember correctly." Arietty hissed slightly, her Scottish accent harsher. "What else was I supposed to do?" The Minsitry worker nodded, then sighed sharply "Those were regrettable times.. But now that the war is over-" "It's over?" Arietty interrupted quickly. "Ah, yes, I'm sure living so secluded you haven't been informed that the Dark Lord has been vanquished, and his forces pushed back to the shadows – So you see why it is so important for us to make sure his.. associates are dealt with. There cannot be any loose ends." Sitting down in a rickety old chair, Arietty stared at the floor in disbelief, then back at the woman with desperation "And what of Thesper? Is he-" "Vanished, I'm afraid. You see why your disappearance and the discovery of a child is such a touchy topic… I'm afraid we'll have to go now, I do hope I do not have to take you by force." She said with little to no sympathy. "I will go, I have nothing to hide." In the room Kieran sat at the edge of the bed, entertaining herself with the swaying of her toes and how they look like nothing more than nubs when she curled them. The flash of something silver caught her attention and she looked up to see a man with long white hair pass by the window, sporting a black pointed hat and matching robes. Kieran went to the window and watched him circle to the back of the cabin until she could no longer see his robes swish behind him. Arietty opened the door slightly and let it fall open the rest of the way on its one hinge "Kieran, get some shoes on, we're going with this lady to sort some things out." She said, the irritation was clear on her face. "Is it because i blew up the house?" Kieran asked in a whisper, her thick brows knitted together in worry. "No, that was an accident, this is about something Mommy did - it'll be okay, just hurry up now." She said reassuringly, embracing the girl for a moment to encourage her to hurry. Eventually the house was filled with several people in black robes and pointed hats, the man with silver hair eyed Kieran closely, and Kieran felt weighted under his gaze. Once Kieran had slipped on her shoes Arietty took her by the hand and lead them back into the main room of the cabin "Apparation?" Arietty asked dreadfully. "Only to the closest portkey – We are after all a long way from home." Without warning a few of the cloaked men seemed to vanish, the air made a loud 'pop' and crackled like lightning. Kieran stared in awe, snapping her head back and forth to be sure they had actually vanished and her eyes hadn't betrayed her. Arietty bent to talk to Kieran, and Kieran knew to listen thoroughly when she had done so "Alright, we are about to disaperate, that means we are going to whip through the air and end up in a new place.. it might be scary, and hurt your tummy and head – but I'm right here, okay?" Kieran could only stare wide-eyed, the thought terrified her, and thrilled her, just like it had been every time she had caused a magical accident. Nodding