Godly Attractiveness With a loud sigh, Percie turned onto her other side on the bed. The fountain was still in ruins since she'd destroyed it, but she was sure that she could ask Archimedes if it was repairable and get him to help her fix it. He was cool like that when she wasn't being a complete idiot. The walls were glowing dimly like they always had and although it was normally lulling; all it did was make her more alert. She sat up and ducked out of bed to safely stretch without hitting her head on the top bunk. Percie's hand touched her hair out of habit and she looked at it in the dimly lit darkness. It was even darker than Thad's hair and it waved sweetly down her shoulder in a way that made it resemble the waves of the sea. Looking at her own dark hair, she thought of the unruly blonde curls that adorned her best friend's head and smiled to herself. Her smile grew wider at the thought of him and she threw her hair into a ponytail before slipping out of the cabin. Some nymphs woke up, emerging from the flora and frowned at her, but Percie smiled and beckoned them over. "Are you guys any good at cooking?" They nodded and she whispered her plan to them, the three tree nymphs grinning wildly before they ran off. And that's how she ended up in front of the Athena cabin. She knew for a fact that Athena hated her guts and believed that she was bad news (which she was), but she whispered a prayer to the gods to not have all of Athena's children wake up and find her in their cabin. Opening the door as quietly as possible, Percie's hand twitched at refraining herself from running in and dragging her victim outside like she normally would. That's how she would've liked to do it, but she tiptoed over to a particular blonde's bed and tapped their shoulder lightly. The arm that was connected to that particular shoulder shot up and clasped around her arm. She bit back a shriek of surprise as he groggily opened his eyes and sat up. He frowned at her and she shot him a smile as she tugged him silently out of his bed. Archimedes tapped her arm and she turned back around to find him gesturing to his chest and mouthing, 'can I grab a t-shirt first?' Cheeks reddening slightly, she shook her head and mouthed back, 'no time for that' and dragged him out of the cabin. As they walked, him being tugged by her, he suddenly whispered sharply, "The harpies are going to catch us!" She smiled and shook her head. "I got some nymphs to fry some bacon for them." Archimedes brows rose. "And how'd you get them to agree?" "I promised that I'd water their trees for the next week." They were silent for a long moment before he said softly, "That was actually pretty smart of you…" She felt her jaw drop before her lips tugged up. "Was that a compliment?" "Shut up, Seaweed Brain." Laughing softly she finally released his arm and walked ahead, finding a spot to sit down. It was a small grassy lookout that had the most stunning view of the ocean that she'd ever seen and Percie sighed softly as she heard her friend plop down beside her. The moon was still just high enough to reflect off the water's surface and the glow on the water was mesmerising. And the stars. She searched for the constellation of 'the Huntress' finding it and sighing softly. It was easily her favourite constellation. "What's your favourite constellation?" She hadn't even meant to ask aloud, but Percie caught his sideward smile as he answered. "I'm not sure, maybe 'Leo'… or 'Ursa Major'…" "What about 'the Huntress'?" He suddenly nodded softly. "I think that's my favourite actually…" Percie could hear his thoughts: she sacrificed a lot for us . "Mmm…" The sad, depressing silence nipped at them and she stared at her hands, consumed by thoughts that plagued her mind. "Did you know that demigods get the best of their parents' genetics?" She frowned at him. "Do you find something random and brainy to talk about every time to fill the silence?" "Just hear me out okay?" Archimedes sighed, "Because of the godly ichor, when we're created-" "Are you saying created because you came from your mum's thoughts?" He glared at her and continued. "-we naturally get the best features of both of our parents, since the godly part of us reflects on how we look." "So… you're saying that demigods are more … attractive than normal people." Archimedes nodded and she collapsed onto her back, staring up at the sky. "Are you kidding me? Damn I didn't get the memo." He froze and she frowned softly as he turned to her with the deepest of furrows in his brow. "What are you talking about?" "I didn't get the memo." "I got that, but why are you saying that?" She cocked a brow at him. "It's obvious." "Okay, now you're just speaking gibberish." "I'm not pretty," Percie said bluntly. "I don't have any of this 'Godly Attractiveness' that you speak of." Archimedes promptly kicked her leg. Pain shot up her leg and she found herself hating how hard he kicked. She groaned and tried to kick back, but he grabbed her foot and stared her down with those stormy grey eyes of his. "Where is that coming from?" Percie tried to kick her foot out of his grip, but he held firmly. "It's common knowledge." " No . Where is it coming from?" She shied away from his gaze at the sharpness in his voice. "I don't know. Maybe the fact that I don't get any dates? That I've never had a single guy at camp give me a second look for anything except for my status?" The blonde sighed. "You're stupid." "Convince me then; what nice features do I have from my parents?" she asked coldly. He smiled and pulled her closer to him by her leg, grabbing her hands and pulling her into a sitting position. Percie reminded herself to breathe, her face burning. "You have your mum's face," he started touching her red cheeks and her chin carefully, "except… you have your dad's eyes and his cheekbones," (all gods had remarkably nice cheekbones), "and his hair; except prettier," he twirled some around his finger fondly, "You have the same twinkle in your eyes too; the same mischievous one that Poseidon has…" Archimedes' smile was starting to kill her; that sweet one that made her heart jump lightly in her chest. "And," he was almost whispering, "you have a grin that's a mix between your mum's and your dad's too… it's sweet like Sally's and cheerful like Poseidon's… it's beautiful…" They were so close now. His face was inches from hers and he was staring in such an unbashful way that she couldn't look away and found herself staring at his eyes. Stormy grey. She'd always found them daunting, but at that moment they were soft and sincere and Percie suddenly felt her cheeks heating up. Gods, she wanted to kiss him. But she couldn't until she knew that she wasn't going to screw over something that was already strained because of their parents' rivalry (more Athena than Poseidon, but not the point). Percie ducked her head and buried her face into his chest. His chest vibrated as he chuckled and she felt the very bare skin against her hands and her nose. Blushing harder she jumped away and buried her face in her hands. She knew that he was smiling and growled out, "Stop smiling, Wise Boy." "Don't tell me what to do, Seaweed Brain." Archimedes was laughing and she blindly punched him, the punch hitting him in the ribs. He groaned slightly and she uncovered her eyes to find him clutching it. She winced and muttered a quiet apology. "It's okay… you just hit like a guy." "I'm not sure to be complimented or insulted," Percie said. He smiled. "You tell me." She glared at him before falling onto her back again. "You should've grabbed a shirt." Archimedes fell down beside her and she knew he was glaring at the sky. "You told me not to." "When do you listen to me?" He seemed to consider it for a moment. "Good point." Percie closed her eyes and sighed. She yawned too and curled into the grass. Sleep was starting to drag her under and she was fighting not to. " Now I'm tired?" "Yep." When she rolled over again, she ran into his shirtless chest and seized up again. Archimedes laughed and wrapped an arm around her, tugging her into him. Percie felt herself blushing furiously, using the flat of her palms to try and push herself away from him. "Let me go Archimedes…" she mumbled sleepily. "Why should I?" "Because if you keep hugging me I won't be able to stop myself from falling asleep…" "You need some sleep anyway," Archimedes murmured. She started to thrash about. "What if the camp gets attacked again? I can't be-" "It's okay to be vulnerable!" he said firmly. Percie was struck by the sharpness of his voice. He was almost never this harsh to her. "It's okay to be vulnerable, because you need to be at some point and it's better now when I'm here to protect you, then sometime in the middle of a war. Just be vulnerable okay?" Smiling, she asked him an important question. "You'll protect me even if there's spiders?" He gulped. "Even if there's spiders." Her grin turned soft and she curled into him, allowing sleep and his warmth to overcome her. Percie was asleep in seconds. You know that state of being asleep enough not to open your eyes, but just enough to hear what everyone's saying? Well that's what state Percie was in. And the noises that she heard were camera clicks and evil laughs as well as the sound of a satyr chortling in laughter. Someone was hushing them, the sound closer to her then the others. "Shut up! Don't wake her up!" A snicker as a hand stroked her hair. "But look at her! She's all cuddled up to you! It's so cute!" The other voice got sharper. "Connor." "Okay, calm down Archimedes! Bad enough that you've already threatened the entire male population of the camp if they even look at her; you don't need to get angry at me!" She almost laughed. So it was Archimedes' fault? Sly, Archimedes, sly. "So how'd this happen?" Grover. "She couldn't sleep, so she woke me up and dragged me out here." "Wait… she went into your cabin?" "Yes…" "To wake you up?" Grover elaborated. Percie could hear Archimedes getting confused. A nice change, she decided. "Yes…?" "She risked getting caught and your mum's wrath just so you guys could have a nice late night talk," he said cheerily. "Why are you so happy?" "Why are you two so oblivious?" he retorted in a mutter and she knew he was probably massaging his forehead. There was an awful crick in her neck and she moved slightly to stretch it out. Intakes of breath sounded and Percie felt herself laughing softly and she cracked open an eye. She saw the Stoll twins, Grover and Aphrodite girls giggling further away before she dared to look up to find Archimedes sitting up with pink dusting his cheeks, her head sitting in his lap. Chuckling she stood up and dusted herself off, before remembering what she was wearing and felt her neck flush. Tank top and short blue plaid pyjama shorts. Very conservative. And then there was Archimedes sitting there in only pyjama shorts himself and she felt her neck flare more (but damn did he look nice shirtless). Stretching, she grinned sheepishly and did