Disclaimer: Stephanie Myer owns the world of Twilight. The trees blurred past in streams of dark greens, browns, blues and black. Each branch morphed into one smear of shadowed colour past my eyes. Never had this forest felt so frightening. It was a nightmare brought to life. Each moment was taking me closer to the evil within. Everything was reaching to grab me; like a demon trying to take me away from the ones I love. I couldn't close my eyes to shake the horror away, as much as I wanted to. As enhanced as my senses are, tonight I could not afford to take that risk. We were sprinting; Emmet, Carlisle and I. Time was of the essence and I knew that we didn't have enough. It was gut instinct. I focused my eyes on Carlisle's back as he ran in front of me. Strong, masculine and sure. His muscles rippled through his grey shirt with every movement. True perfection. I wanted to hold him, to be by his side and never let go. I needed him like a human need air, he is my life source. Carlisle is only reason I kept pushing through the horrors in my life. He healed my scars and ,literally, gave me a new life. After we married, he opened his arms to strangers and gave me a reason to be a mother to five beautiful 'children' who fell into our lives. Emmet was in front of us both. He came as a precaution. Hoping his strength would help during an unfortunate scenario. Looking over his shoulder, Emmet frowned. It was then, I heard heavy falls of large feet digging into the Earth, trampling the undergrowth. Propelling itself further forward towards us. With my distracted mind, I hadn't heard the commencing of their chase. Carlisle had hoped to be further away by the time they realized that we were making our way through the forest. Fear strangled my heart and a lump lodged in my throat. As panic took hold of my body, I started gasping for unnecessary air. Their snarls and approaching steps was all I could focus on now. For each of my steps, they had advanced by at least three. I knew if one took me, Carlisle was the next. I prayed he would keep going. Not come back for me, the family needed him. More so now, than ever. Two snarls crept closure. I didn't like the confrontation. I disliked the tension between the tribe and my family. Jacob had warned us of the danger leaving the house would expose us to; that the forest we had occupied for years, in this quaint town, and many years previously, before this generation was born, would put our lives in jeopardy. We were the enemy to his former pack. An ancient pack of morphing men and as of recently, woman. Leah was the first woman to transform, to my knowledge. My heart ached, knowing the situation she was constantly put in with those boys. Sam, being her infatuation, the one her heart desired. It was hard for her. I wasn't at all surprised when her and her younger brother, Seth, followed Jake's abandonment of the pack. I was grateful that Sam was not the one chasing us now. I remembered him fighting during the battle with the newborns. He would be a risk even to Emmet. And Jasper with all his knowledge of battle. I can't even bring thought to Carlisle facing him. I refused to picture him in any danger, which until recently, I had avoided. The lump in my throat seemed to jam tighter as a sob tried to leave my chest. The wolves' paws quickened, becoming louder as they gained haste. The distinct sound of them descending over the log I had just skipped over, caused my breath to hitch. Their hot breath suddenly on my heels just before I was flung into the air and knocked into a tree. I had tried to leap above, intending to jump into a tree but I faltered. I grunted as I collided with the tree trunk, knocking the air from my lungs. I collapsed onto the ground, the rebound flinging body to tumble down the hill. I knew I was the easier target compared to my family; I wasn't as agile as Alice, nor tactical as Rosalie. The wolves recovered from the impact hitting my stone body caused them. Quickly bounding down after me. It must have been a race to reach me, a trophy for their alpha, the matriarch of the Cullen family. I felt sticks, logs and jagged rocks hit my body at all angles, some breaking from the impact. The dirt that was normally soft beneath my feet was now a solid force against my frame. This moment, reminded me of moments in my human life, the last four years. Not now, not here. I scolded myself. In the distance, I could hear a rumbling, a growl of sorts. Soft falls of steps were rushing in a new direction, a new purpose. Carlisle and Emmet obviously heard the mild commotion. Their pace was determined and fast, Carlisle's footsteps lighter than Emmet's powerful steps that propelled him further forward. My body dropped from a ledge and hit the ground with a force I am sure left an indent. Both menacing wolves had skidded in front of me before I could stand, let alone recover from the shock. Gnarling with an occasional snap of their teeth, their bodies strong and coiled, built for this exact purpose. Their purpose to kill a vampire. They inched closer, daring me to move to prolong the excitement I am sure they felt. I couldn't breathe. Desperately, I wanted to take a calming breath. But my body lost the function of expanding my lungs. The lump had inched further up my throat. If I was human, the stress would be causing me to be sick, I'm sure. I wanted to run, to turn around and flee. Never turn your back on your enemy. Jasper's voice rang clear in my head. I stayed low instead, crouching, my muscles coiling to spring out of the way if they lunged. I relied on my instinct, seeing, feeling, listening to everything. I noticed the placement of their feet as they decided which way to attack. Good, they are new pack members. They were smaller than Leah but not as small as Seth, probably low ranking, if they want this kill enough, they might be reckless. I knew I had a few options; jump into a tree, giving me height as an advantage, run… but that leaves me with which direction. I can't turn around leaving me more vulnerable. Left or right… forward and over? Every part of me fought against this. This wasn't who I am, I had no place in battle. Except by Carlisle's side, to protect our family. Before I could make the decision, a blurred force came from my left, coming into contact with the wolf closest to me. The brown wolf was propelled away from me, knocking the other aside in the process. A yelp came from them both, I knew harm was done. Simultaneously, I felt gentle yet firm, familiar hands grip my arms. I felt the deep warning growl that came from the chest I was pulled back into, Carlisle. I was in shock, frozen into my position. I could feel him tug me in the direction he and our son had come from. The wolves whined from the impact of Emmet's assault, I couldn't look away. I knew Emmet wouldn't care about their pain, the look in his eyes was pure anger when he turned to face us. Carlisle gave me a harder pull, "Esme!" He whispered urgently, too low for even Emmet to hear. He was like the open road to home, my safe-haven. His voice brought me back. Together we ran. Carlisle in front, Emmet followed close behind me. A few short minutes into our sprint, I could see the clearing. The rushing water below was a relief. Carlisle was the first to jump, taking the leap to safety. He didn't hesitate, his strong legs bent before propelling him forward and over the gap that separated us from our goal. I followed, my legs carrying me forward. I knew we would make this easily. No doubt in my mind now. As my feet left the edge, a rush of relief surge through my body. The wind was gentle compared to before. It was open, free from the rotting leaves, moss that grew on the trees. It was fresher, slightly damp from the water evaporating beneath me. A second after my feet left the cliff, I heard Emmet's strong push from the ground. His form would be just as elegant soaring through the air. Rosalie would certainly feel something, though she wouldn't admit it. I saw Carlisle turn as soon as he landed on the ground reaching for me in the same moment. His hearing knowing exactly where to reach as my body cut through the air. I felt his hands on my forearms, his thumbs rubbing soothingly into my arm, through my jacket, as soon as we made contact. My hands instantly found themselves on his chest and hip as I gripped his shirt. I relaxed only slightly. Emmet landed next to him almost at the same time as I landed. A sigh left Carlisle's lips. Whether from relief or sadness, I wasn't sure. The three of us turned, seeing two figures bounding towards us. I tensed in Carlisle's arms. Even knowing they couldn't make it over the clearing, I still felt like they would run at us without a thought. I urged them to stop before they fell. Thankfully, knowing the land they hunted on though, they stopped. Carlisle's hands ran down my arms before he grabbed my hand and turned to leave. The instinct to turn as the wolves howled into the night was hard to resist. Jacob's time was up, if it wasn't already. Be safe. I prayed. He had helped us, helped Bella by distracting the rest of the pack. I knew his reasons were purely for Bella's sake, but I couldn't help the fondness I felt for him. Carlisle's hand squeezed mine, often a sign of reassurance. I needed no encouragement. I followed him close as we moved away from the edge and into the forest. We couldn't waste any more time. Bella needed the supplies we would return with. And Carlisle needed to hunt. We all did, but he would be helping Bella through to the end of the procedure. Carlisle didn't leave my side as we sprinted further away from the danger that was so close to our home. We ran a few minutes further knowing more animals would be in the center of the forest. The howls from the wolves would have disturbed any near the edge. Carlisle still held my hand which forced me to stay with him, not that I wanted to be anywhere else. His thumb still drew patterns on my hand. His eyes were staring straight forward, I doubted he was aware where we were heading. I looked to my right, Emmet ran beside me, I saw a determined look in his eyes. His jaw was set. He glanced at me then to Carlisle, "I will find us something." Emmet said. Carlisle nodded and came to a stop. His eyes still focused ahead. Emmet put a hand on my arm and leant down to kiss my cheek. I gave him a small smile, "Don't stray too far." With his unique childlike grin, he left. His footsteps weren't as urgent as before. I turned back to Carlisle, he was a statue. His face was blank as he still looked ahead, his eyes weren't searching but were far away, the answers in front of him. It still amazed me that I could read him as easily as he could