So, this is my first story I feel that is okay-enough to go online. Hope you all enjoy Please let me know about any spelling or grammar mistake. After a heavy reliance on Microsoft word to do my spelling for me whilst I was at Uni and a good long 5-year break from any type of creative writing, my spelling and grammar is what I feel lets me down the most. So, what I'm saying is… go easy on me? War Zone. Draco had had enough of the blinding bright lights and the thud-thud-thud of whatever muggle music was popular that summer. So, instead of drowning it and trying to make sense of Blaise's drunken ramblings about a blonde with a big chest but a small mind, he decided to leave. He pushed his way past the crowd of vodka soaked men and women, grimacing as he darted past the toilets which looked as though they hadn't had been cleaned in months. He shoved past the burly bouncer in the doorway and let out a sigh of relief as he fell into the cold air of London in March. He felt goosepimples raise on his arms. Ever since the war crowds of people had made Draco feel uncomfortable and on edge. Like something bad was going to happen at that very moment. A pang of guilt always hit him square in the chest and he found that the only way to stop it was to get out of whatever situation he was in. And fast. He always found that cigarettes helped. Draco led his head back against the cold, slimy wall of the pub as he felt the nicotine hit whatever nerve-centre it was in his brain that made him feel good. He breathed smoke out, eyes open, watching it rise into the air. He needed something more, he knew that, he just didn't know what that something was or where to find it. He let his eyes slide shut as he took in the feeling of the world around him. The low, almost distant now, thud-thud-thud of the club. The cold air spreading its way across his bare arms and face. The warm smell of carbon and tar mixed with the bitter fire left on his tongue. He shuddered as he felt the muscles in his shoulders finally give in and relax. "I've already told you – get the fuck out! You're not coming back into my bar to start more fights and harass my patrons! Get the fuck out and go home!" a bouncer shouted. Draco heard a loud thud that shattered any sense of calm Draco had fought so hard to achieve. His eyes snapped open and he looked towards the shadow of the crumbled mess of a person the bouncer had left. The nameless figure was slumped indifferently against the wall of a club just metres away from Draco. His eyes rolled in disgust. Another idiot muggle that can't handle his spirits. Great. He kicked back off the wall, dropped his cigarette and stomped on it. He thought he ought to return himself to Blaise before his best friend sent out the search party. His friends had become far too protective and precious of him ever since the war. They were always watching and trying to discuss his every move. Who was he talking to? Where was he going in his spare time? It had gotten so bad that Blaise had even bought the apartment across from Draco's in an obvious bid to spy on Draco. The crumbled mess of a man coughed and Draco suddenly turned around. He had a strange feeling that that cough had sounded almost familiar. With his eyes wide, Draco began to walk towards the figure until he could clearly make out the mop of messy black hair and the thick pink outline of a scar that he knew so well. That everyone in the wizarding world knew so well. Draco tried to take in the sight before him. Draco made a note that the other man's glasses (that normally rested on the nose just below that famous scar) were broken and led on the floor. The mess of a man, whom he had once called his rival, looked different. He looked older than the last time Draco had saw him. His hair was longer and he had filled out. His body looked strong and toned – a lot different to the 16-year-old boy who had nearly killed him. He also had no wand holstered to his side. What an idiot. "Potter? What the hell are you doing here?" Draco was now crouched next to the infamous Harry Potter and his voice was a shouted whisper filled with disbelief. He hadn't seen Harry since the trial which had ultimately saved Draco from a life-long trip to sunny Azkaban. He shivered at the thought. Harry had become an auror and spent much of his time out of the limelight, away from any cameras or wizards that would sell stories on him. He was often now unreachable in some remote or unknown area of the world hunting down any wizards who tried to do wrong. Draco similarly tried to stay out of the limelight. He spent his working days employed as a healer for a private company that charged ridiculous prices for just one consultation. It was a satisfying job – it paid the bills and kept Draco out of any trouble. He spent his nights hanging out in muggle pubs and clubs with other Slytherins who felt like they just didn't fit anymore. It was a quiet life and Draco liked it that way. It had been almost five years since the rivals had crossed paths. "Fuck off Malfoy. No one asked for your help," Harry mumbled. Draco narrowed his eyes and fought the urge to leave Potter there, sitting in god-knows-what and covered in what looked like spirits and his own vomit. He took a deep sigh. After the war, Draco had decided he was going to try to put his past behind him and the only way to do this – he found - was to help people. That was the reason why he became a healer. He quickly learned that helping people was the only thing that helped to stop the pangs of guilt he felt at night and to stop his throat from closing after he woke up sweating from another vivid nightmare. So tonight, he decided, he was going to help his old rival get home, alive and safe. Even if it killed him. He took another look at the state of Potter and shook his head to try to stop his body from running away. 'Fucking hell Draco, what are you doing?' his mind screamed at him. It suddenly felt like his entire nerve system had live electricity running through it and the thought of being close to Potter again gave his body more of a buzz then any cigarette could. He closed his eyes and put a hand to his forehead trying to steady his voice. "I don't actually care, Potter. You need to get home and it doesn't look like anyone else is here to help you, you ungrateful prat?" He paused to steady himself. "Who did you come with?" Draco's healer training kicked in and he found himself reverting to questioning Harry as though he was any other wizard he and his team found on the streets of Hogsmeade after they had drunk too much red current rum or firewhiskey. Draco took in the sight of Harry as he waited for a reply. Potter had his eyes half closed and stared at the thick black wall of another club opposite them. Draco couldn't tell if he was annoyed, bored or just indifferent to the whole situation. A few seconds went past and it was obvious that Harry was ignoring him. Draco felt annoyance run up his spine and he clenched his jaw to stay calm. "Potter, for Merlin's sake, grow up and don't ignore me! If you do I'll have to just take you to St. Mungo's and then God-knows-what will be on the front page of the Prophet tomorrow," Draco snapped. He paused again, waiting for an answer, but all he got was a slight smirk in the corner of Potter's mouth. He sighed deeply. Instead of prolonging the fight, Draco decided that he was just going to help the crumbled-up mess of his rival as quickly as he could. That would be the quickest possible way to end his night so he could go home and sleep and try to forget that he had ever seen Harry Potter vulnerable. A quick shiver ran up his spine. He couldn't deny the fact that Potter looked good but he fought to ignore the excitement running through his body. 'Stupid git. Why did it have to be him? Of all the people in London,' Draco bitterly thought. He hesitantly put an arm around Potter and started to lift him up. Potter made no movement to fight this but just stared at Draco – his eyes wide and mouth slightly opened. He smelled like stale vodka but Draco let him as he leaned close into Draco to steady his feet until they were just stood there silent. Draco's arm was tightly wrapped around Potters waist and they were slightly leaning into each other for balance. A flush appeared across Draco's cheeks at the closeness and the look of bewilderment painted on Potter's face. How many drinks had he had? Draco cleared his throat. "Where shall I apparate you to? Aren't you living at the Weasley's Burrow at the moment?" Draco inquired. His frustration with Potter was growing and he had to get him safe and home quickly before an inevitable scathing remark erupted from Draco. He tried his best to keep his annoyance within. He didn't know what would happen if a fight broke out between them in the middle of muggle London. Draco shuddered at the potential headlines he imagined. "Former Death Eater Bludgeons Saviour of the Wizarding World," Draco mumbled bitterly under his breath. Potter narrowed his eyes at Draco and let out an exasperated sigh. Draco fell silent as he watched the cold air become misted due to Potter's hot breath right in front of Draco's face. He became uncomfortably aware of how close they actually were. "No! That would be the worst place to go. For fucks sake Malfoy just leave me here," he angrily mumbled and he pushed his weight into Draco, unsteadying them, hoping to push Draco off him. This didn't have the desired effect. Instead, Draco took a step back to steady himself causing Potter to lose his footing as he fell forward. Potter tried his best to stabilise himself in his condition and reached out to grab on to the front of Draco's shirt. The resulting momentum caused all the buttons on Draco's designer shirt to be ripped off and he let out a pained groan when Potter's head landed forcefully on his now bear chest in one swift motion. Draco held his arms around Potter's waist to stop them tumbling to the floor. He could now feel Potter's hot breath against his chest and the excitement and electricity that previously ran up his spine was beginning to run to other body parts too. "Well I can't leave you here in a ditch, can I?" He felt the anger begin to settle in his throat and he heard his own raised voice. Harry rolled his eyes. "And when did you become the saviour of the wizarding world?!" Harry spat back at him, using his hands against Draco's chest as leverage to find his feet. The effects of whatever spirit Harry had drunk was still clear in Harry's unfocused eyes but Draco could now see pure spite swimming through them too. Draco scoffed. "Apparently, when you stopped." Potter just stood there shocked and stared up at Draco who