So! It's me, DIOC, with another fanfic! This is a two-shot! Okay, I know this is listed under the 'Twilight' category, but here me out, alright? This is a Twilight X Diabolik Lovers crossover, but you do NOT need to know Diabolik Lovers to understand this story. I repeat, you do NOT need to know Diabolik Lovers to understand this story! I hope you like it! Disclaimer- ME NO OWN. Everyone has heard of the mansion in the forest. Everyone has heard how bats seem to love staying near it. Everyone knows that the house hasn't had a single living thing under its roof for centuries. Everyone is curious about how it came to be. Everyone wants to visit the mansion, to stroke its lovely, tall, ceramic pillars and use the rusty door knocker. But, the thing is, no one really dares to. Isabella Swan was one of these people who were curious, but afraid of what kind of things lay in the mansion. Until recently, visiting the mansion was no more than a hope. Her father, Charlie, would never let her go, even if he accompanied her. But that was all in the past, when Bella was a weak, timid human. Now, Bella had changed over the past year. Instead of a human, she was now a strong, brave, almost fearless vampire. Which meant that she was very, very, hard to kill. But it also meant she could not go out into the sunlight, not because she was allergic to it, but because her skin would sparkle. Why? It was because she was... well.. that kind of vampire. She was sure there were other kinds of vampires who were allergic to the sun. Bella's past year was also very eventful. She had fallen in love with a vampire while she was still human, married him, had a child with him without even 'doing it', and turned into a vampire herself. So, now, Bella Swan was Bella Cullen. Bella had never even mentioned the mansion in the forest to the rest of the Cullens, but, now, since she was a vampire, she wanted to ask them if she could go. Today, she was lucky. Once she entered the living room, she saw all of the Cullens lounging there, and she knew that she had to ask them while they were all there. Her situation was, 'Now or never!' "Good morning," Bella greeted them, and Edward Cullen, the gorgeous vampire she had fallen in love and had gotten married with, wrapped his arms around her and kissed her cheek gently. In reply, all the Cullens said, "Morning," one by one. Bella looked around, noticing that her daughter, Renesmee Cullen, was not there. She was probably with Bella's friend, Jacob Black. "Hey, guys, I need to ask you something," she said, taking a seat on a poufy couch. "Yes? What is it?" Alice Cullen, a pixie-like woman with spiky, short brown hair and sparkling gold eyes piped up, giving Bella a brilliant smile. She jumped off a chair and gracefully walked over to Bella, hugging her tightly. The other woman took a deep breath. "Well... have you heard of the mansion in the forest a few miles away..? Well... I was hoping you could take me there to see it," Bella faltered when she saw the look exchanged by the Cullens, and fell silent after she had finished her sentence. She looked around at them. Most of them looked grave, solemn, but Emmett Cullen, who was shaped like a football player, looked faintly interested. Edward was nodding slowly, "Carlisle... We could take Bella there, can't we? I mean, we're just looking around it. Plus, Bella's a vampire now." But, as he said this, he was looking doubtful. Carlisle, a blonde man/vampire, was the oldest of the Cullens and thus the head of the clan. He was looking very worried. Just as he started to reply, Bella opened her mouth. Carlisle gave her a look and Bella shut her mouth automatically. "I suppose so. But, Bella, I need to tell you to be on your guard when looking around the mansion. It gives off a chilling feel." "Um," Bella said hesitantly, wondering if she dared to ask, "May I.. you know... go in..?" Esmee's eyes bugged, and Carlisle rubbed his temple. Alice looked at Carlisle anxiously, then looked at Bella, then at Carlisle again. Jasper Hale, another blonde vampire, looked on without saying a word. Rosalie Hale, a stunning blonde female vampire, who wasn't actually related to Jasper, stood up and flounced away. Emmett continued to look faintly interested. Edward's arms tightened around Bella's waist protectively. "Well... If someone went with you... Then maybe," Carlisle said carefully. "Carlisle! You can't seriously be considering letting Bella go into that mansion?!" Edward protested, and Alice nodded in agreement. The man in question rubbed his temple again, and sighed. "It's what she wants, isn't it? Bella should be allowed to get what she wants this time, as long as she promises to be careful and stay close to you. I want three or four of you guys to go with Bella," he said in a very tired tone, and turned to Bella. It took her five seconds to realize what he was waiting for. "I promise, Carlisle," Bella replied in a very sincere tone, nodding. Edward's fingers squeezed hers as he volunteered to accompany her to the mansion. Emmett decided to go as well, since he was interested in the mansion, and Alice, looking doubtful, volunteered, too. Carlisle nodded and stood up, going to his room, and Esmee followed him. Jasper took Alice away to discuss something with her. "We'll go at night," Edward told them, and steered Bella towards the stairs, telling her to go do something while he went on a hunting trip with Emmett and Rosalie. Bella protested, wanting to join, but Edward was very firm, telling her she needed her energy to go all the way to the mansion later on. This wasn;t really a reason, but Bella gave up, anyways, heading upstairs. Once she was there, there was nothing much to do, so she flopped onto the bed and closed her eyes, letting her imagination, which was still quite human , run wild. That was, after all, currently the only way to kill time. Bella sighed to herself. Maybe she'd read some of her old textbooks. Finally, it was night time. The sun had set already. It was extremely cold at night, and, to make it worse, it was windy. It wasn't exactly the 'cold' part that bothered Bella, for vampires can withstand low temperatures without feeling cold. It was the 'windy' part. Bella's long hair would blow in her face, making it harder for her to see and concentrate, because she would have to keep pushing her hair out of her eyes. Edward came up to her room just as she finished putting on her jacket. "Are you ready, love?" he asked, smiling, and held out his arm. Bella smiled as well, taking it, and they walked down the stairs and towards the front door. Bella pushed it open, and gave Alice and Emmett a bright grin. Emmett returned it with an eager one, and Alice just looked anxious. She kept muttering to herself. Maybe... she's seen something? Bella thought. She voiced her thoughts, and Alice simply nodded, and offered no explanation. The four set off to the mansion which was hidden deep in the forest, though it was easy to find once they found a car road to follow. It was around ten minute's walk, even with the vampires' ability to walk/run around five to six times faster than your average human being. Finally, though, the group of four arrived at a huge, black gate with stone pillars. The gate door was unlocked, slightly open. Bella took in a deep breath, and pushed the door at the side of the gate fully open, wrestling down the uneasy feeling she was getting. In the moonlight, the mansion looked tall and ominous, looming above the four vampires, vines crawling all over it, the stone surfaces clearly worn and marble slightly chipped at some places. However, eve though the mansion wasn't in the best condition, it was polished clean, which was very unusual for a inhabited place. The uneasy feeling in Bella grew, and it probably showed on her face as well, as Edward squeezed her hand. Bella looked at the mansion again, properly, her sharp eyes taking in every detail, and the uneasiness vanished instantly. The four of them, wrapping their cloaks tighter around them (Alice had handed them out before they left), went up to the front door, which was almost twice as tall as Bella was, and Bella wasn't short. "I think... we should take a look around, outside, first," Edward suggested, and they split up, Bella and Edward going to one side, Emmett and Alice going in the other direction. To Bella's surprise, the whole building was very clean, even though it supposedly hadn't been inhabited for hundreds of years, though it was worn and looked very old. Bella had to be careful of where she stepped to prevent herself from tripping over vines. Even though she was a vampire, if she fell, she would feel the impact of herself hitting the ground. Bella let her fingers trail across the marble and stone surfaces, aware of Edward's eyes on her. She turned her head and saw that Edward looked very alert, and very wary. "Yes, Edward?" she asked hesitantly. "Nothing, love. It's just that I sense something unusual about this house. Should we meet up with Alice and Emmett, then head back?" he suggested quietly. The younger of the two shook her head. "I want to go in, first," she insisted, and Edward sighed, caving in to her will. The duo walked back to the front door, waiting for Alice and Emmett. After a full minute, they returned, Emmett looking very disgruntled, Alice looking uncomfortable and wary. All of the vampires' eyes were alert- all except Bella, of course, though the uneasy feeling was getting to her. "The house it so clean outside.. it's so weird!" Bella exclaimed. "Alice, have you seen anything?" Alice growled under her breath. "No, because someone has been following us!" she looked pointedly at one of the trees in the forest. A moment later, Jacob Black, in human form, walked out, looking sheepish. He had explained that he was returning Renesmee to the household when he had spotted the four leaving the house, and after dropping the girl off, his curiosity had gotten better of him and he had followed. Emmett shrugged, having nothing against Jacob or the shape-shifters. Bella and Edward both greeted him in a friendly way, and Jacob waved back, apologizing to Alice. Bella stepped forward, breathing in deeply and steeling her nerves, and pushed the door open, not bothering to use the door knocker. The door was, very surprisingly, unlocked. The young vampire stepped into the mansion, and what she saw made her stop in her tracks. Inside the mansion... was flawless. It was like a queen's palace, with rich, red, gold-lined carpet on the floor, white marble pillars and flooring, five steps leading up to a platform where an enormous painting was hung, where there was one flight of staircase on the two sides of a platform, and...! Everything was neat and polished, fit for a royal family to live in. Only one word reached Bella's mind, but she was too awestruck to say it. Slowly, she started to move forward, taking off her cloak and jacket, looking around the vast mansion. The others were equally awestruck, as they were silent. Bella inhaled completely, and suddenly, a sharp tang hit her nose. She recognized this scent- human. Before she knew it, she was running up the stairs, navigating her way through the huge mansion, praying she would not get lost, and her legs stopped suddenly in front of