I own neither The Hunger Games nor Parks and Recreation. "Dammit, Gale!" Peeta Mellark flinches as he hears intern Rue Williams shout from the main office adjacent to his, "Did you use permanent marker again instead of dry erase?" He can't hear Gale's response but Rue's subsequent shriek leads him to add a new dry erase board to the budget proposal he's finalizing, "Let's all pretend Gale wasn't born!" Peeta gathers up the finished five-pound proposal and strides into the other room to find his coworkers discussing their plans for the evening. "You losers better not bail on me again," Johanna Mason drawls, "I'm serious, guys, if I'm using my investor's privileges to book the Mutthole Lounge for Rue's 21st birthday soiree, I better not be the only one there double-shooting Jameson." Peeta sighs contentedly, excited that he'll be able to celebrate this near-won workplace triumph with his colleagues tonight. As Deputy Director of Parks and Recreation for Panem, Indiana, he's come to view these annual meetings as a gauntlet–every department fighting to the death to squeeze as many nickels as they can out of the City's budget, until one victor remains. Peeta, a gifted orator and cunning game player who is particularly passionate about his job, has never failed to ensure his department is triumphant. "Wouldn't miss it, Johanna," he says as he breezes past her to the next office, "You ready, boss?" Haymitch Abernathy isn't a particularly engaged Parks and Recreation Director, due to personal opinions about how ineffectual government is that Peeta doesn't understand, but Peeta enjoys the challenge that provides him and the two seem to get along comfortably. Peeta's even come to think of Haymitch as his mentor. "Oh, joy," Peeta hears Haymitch mutter as the older man finishes refilling his hip flask from the bottle of Lagavulin he keeps in his bottom desk drawer. When they reach the conference room that city employees refer to as the arena, Peeta pushes Haymitch to the front row and can't help himself from bouncing in his seat a little with nervous energy, excited to finally secure the funds for the proposed park on the empty lot next to his best friend Annie Cresta's house that has become a bit of a pet project. "Settle down, son," Haymitch murmurs darkly. Peeta is about to retort when Councilman Plutarch Heavensbee steps up to the podium. "Hi everyone," Peeta straightens in his seat as Councilman Heavensbee begins, "So, there's been a change of plans." "Due to the sensitive nature of the situation, I can't get into specifics, but this morning City Manager Crane was asked to resign due to irresponsible spending," the councilman pauses and Peeta has to remind himself to breathe, "Unfortunately, the city's finances aren't looking so great and we've been advised to postpone this discussion indefinitely." "I'm sorry, when?" Peeta asks. "We're not sure, Mr. Mellark, it's indefinite," Councilman Heavensbee answers. "What's the deadline, then?" Peeta presses. "Later," the city councilman sighs, exasperated. "So, next Monday?" "Listen, Peeta," Councilman Heavensbee enunciates, frustratedly, "We're bordering on a financial meltdown. The Governor is sending state auditors down from Indianapolis to see if they can't pull us out of this but right now it's not looking so great." It's then that Peeta hears Haymitch begin to chuckle gleefully next to him. "Relax," Haymitch chastises him as Peeta paces the length of his mentor's office. "How can you say that, Haymitch," Peeta tugs on the roots of his blonde curls in frustration, "They're state auditors. They're being sent here from the Capitol to escort us like lambs to the slaughter." Peeta knows his boss is a bit of a rebel but the delight with which Haymitch is responding to this situation is beginning to baffle him. "Listen kid, this government has been suckling on the teet of its citizens for too long," Peeta watches Haymitch pause to take a discreet sip from his flask, "It's about time they get cut off." "That's what citizens do, Haymitch," Peeta argues as he settles into the chair opposite Haymitch's desk, "We're supposed to pay into a system that serves the public and I'm going to fight to ensure that these auditors don't cut any of the essential services that the Parks Department provides Panem!" Peeta's about to dive into a lecture about how his boss could be a little more sensitive to the situation when a soft knock on the doorframe behind him catches his attention. "Hello," He hears a voice croon behind him and the force with which he turns nearly topples him from his seat. A man, slightly taller than himself and with bronze-colored hair and light green eyes, steps into Haymitch's office–hand outstretched. Peeta thinks vaguely that making eye contact with the man is like staring at the sun. Peeta wasn't aware Haymitch could move so quickly but his mentor is suddenly next to him, shaking hands, "Hello, I'm Haymitch Abernathy." "Mitch Abernathy," The younger man punctuates cheerfully, "Can I call you Mitch?" "I'd prefer that you did not," Haymitch grumbles. "And you are," the man asks brightly, turning to Peeta. "Um, Peeta Mellark, Deputy Director," he replies dumbly, somewhat at a loss. It's not often that someone seems undeterred by Haymitch's gruff demeanor. "Peeta Mellark. Is Peet okay?" the man asks, "Right, well I'm Finnick Odair and this is my colleague Katniss Everdeen from the state office," Finnick gestures to a woman standing behind him that Peeta hadn't noticed. As she steps up next to Finnick to shake both their hands, Peeta notices the long dark hair that's braided tightly down her back and her cool grey eyes but he's mostly struck by how pretty she'd be without the scowl that currently distorts her dark features. Peeta glances between the two auditors and decides his odds are better of winning over and befriending Finnick, "Welcome, would you like a tour?" he beams brightly at the man. "I can think of no better way to spend an afternoon," Finnick replies simply and Peeta thinks he sees Katniss' mouth twist in a smirk. Peeta leads them into the department's main office, where most of his colleagues work. He quickly introduces his staff: Johanna Mason has been the Parks' Office Manager for seven years; Gale Hawthorne, who has never seen a promotion in his fifteen years for the city, works as the department's Assistant and Scheduler; and Rue Williams is getting credits from Panem Community College for her internship. He's just launching into the great work they've been doing–particularly on Lot 12–when he notices Katniss rolling her eyes, confirming his assumptions about the woman. He doesn't have time to react before Finnick interrupts him. "That's fantastic, buddy," he says, beaming, "I just want to assure you that we're only here to fiddle with your budget a bit." Peeta releases a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding. "Think of the City as a run down boardwalk on a shore town," Finnick rouses, bouncing up on the balls of his feet, "We're going to replace some rotten boards, slap on some new paint and get people back up on that ferris wheel where they'll be able to enjoy a nice view of an ocean sunset, right?" "Okay!" Peeta exclaims as he notices Katniss staring blankly at the wall across from her. "Great," Finnick affirms as he claps his hands, "Katniss is going to hang around for a bit and I'll see you later." The male auditor doesn't look back as he walks out the office doors, hand waving above him. Katniss speaks for the first time as she addresses Peeta, her voice pleasantly low, "Do you have a second?" Peeta sits silently with Haymitch on his left as he watches Katniss sift through binders of Excel spreadsheets and memos. "Okay," She starts, finally meeting his gaze, "I'd like to start by identifying waste within the department." "We don't have any," Peeta rushes out as he hears Haymitch declare "It's everywhere!" next to him. Katniss glances between the two of them, seemingly unsurprised. "Let's start with personnel, I'd like you to talk to me about," Katniss pauses as she works to locate a particular piece of paper, "Gale Hawthorne." "He is an essential member of our team," Peeta forces out. As much as Gale gets on his nerves, the man will not be losing his job because of Peeta's personal opinions. "He's the most popular employee in the department, I'm pretty sure the rest of the staff would be outraged if you cut him." Haymitch softly snorts in disbelief. "I need you to understand," Katniss says, putting down her documents and clasping her hands in front of her, "In order for this to be successful, we're going to have to cut every single department's budget by about 40 to 50 percent." Peeta puts his hand up, "I don't understand, Finnick said you were here to just work things around, slap a coat of paint on things." Katniss grunts before picking her spreadsheets back up dismissively, "That's because his version sounds better than the truth, which is that we'll be using your department and its budget for bowhunting practice." Peeta feels his defenses rise as Haymitch lets out a giggle. "You're rude." Peeta fires angrily at Katniss. Haymitch shoots upright in his chair, "Easy, kid." "This is a real job for us. We're real human beings with real families in a real town in an office with real feelings," Peeta knows he's not making any sense but nothing in his career of public service has prepared him for this. "Your office has feelings?" Katniss questions quickly. "Sure. Why are you being so callous?" he retorts. "This isn't my fault," Katniss punctuates hotly, "It's your governments'." Peeta watches her stand and collect her binders, "I think I have everything I need already," she says as she strides from the room. Later that night, as promised, Peeta finds himself at the Mutthole Lounge for Rue's birthday celebration. Johanna is over at the bar shooting Jameson with the birthday girl, from where Annie Cresta, Peeta's best friend, is returning with a beer in each hand. "So, I guess our park is never going to get built," she murmurs quietly as she hands him a bottle. "I'm so sorry, Peeta." Peeta takes a long pull from his beer, unwilling to rehash the day's events just yet, at least not without something to take the edge off first. "Do you have any idea what they're going to cut?" Annie asks him. "None, whatsoever," he replies glumly. "Maybe you should try to make the cuts yourself," she suggests. "You know you'd rather be the one deciding your department's fate over some outsider; no one knows the department like you." "I just don't think I want to play into their game like that. You know," Peeta mumbles, "I just don't think I have it in me, acting like a vengeful God who fires Gale without reason." "You'd fire Gale?" Annie confirms, nodding. "I don't know," Peeta rushes, "it's just been a rough day." "You want to get drunk?" Annie tests, a smile on her face. "Absolutely," Peeta says, finishing his first beer and slamming it on the table in front of them. Hours later, while playing quarters with Annie, Peeta spots Katniss talking with Johanna and Haymitch. He catches her eye and curses. "What," Annie slurs next to him. "Katniss, that rude lady, is coming over here," he states, "Get ready." "Okay, Peeta," Annie says patting his shoulder, "You've got this, just be professional." "Hi, Peeta," Katniss says, stepping up on the platform that Peeta and Annie's booth sits on. She glances between the two before starting, "I just wanted to clear the air between us since we're going to be working together for a few more weeks." "Go," Peeta replies darkly. "Excuse me?" Katniss queries, confused, before she shoots a glance at Annie. "Yeah, this is a party for my friends, who you're trying to fire," he continues, oblivious to the look