Hello loyal, new, creepy, respectful, nice, mean, weird, boring, shy, social, creative, left-brained, crazy, sane, fans, flamers, fat skinny, short, tall, smart, mentally challenged, cautious, adventurous… readers… and readresses… mustn't forget the readresses. Batmarcus and I have a brand new story for all of you peeps and peepettes whether you enjoy it or not and if not please tell us why. I love constructive criticism. For those seasoned readers that are already well acquainted with Kawino, we will be getting into in interestingly new side of him here and also his parents. For y'all that are just joining us in this story welcome and readers, Kawino; Kawino, readers. There now you are acquainted. Try not to kill each other I need him for this and many other stories and I love all my readers and readdresses. Even you Phil… apologies to anyone happening to be named Phil. That is a coincidence. There was a familiar scene going on in the training school of District 2. Kawino Yetter was being brutally pushed to his absolute limits by his parents. Currently he was finishing his evade and attack drill. He had got his target though in very impressive time. It was clear to almost anyone that if he went into the arena he'd be a shoe-in for victor… assuming he'd try at least. Some had other thoughts. "Go again!" His father shouted. Kawino gulped and nodded starting right back over. He did his drills four more times before he was finally told to stop. He did and just waiting really hoping he was dismissed but knowing that was unlikely. "Dismissed; shower, eat, and sleep." "Thank you, Sir." Kawino went to the shower and just as he had stepped into the rushing near boiling water, when a thought broke through his mind. 'Why am I doing all this? In fact, why are any of these games necessary!?' He dropped the knife he had in his hand and quickly washed himself off now having an idea but it was very time sensitive and he knew it would be a long while before he got his next chance. He was showered and clothed in fairly short order then he ate his meager meal and crept into his room. Since they share a room, his twin sister, Clove, was long asleep in her bed. Not wanting to wake her but knowing he had to he went over to her and whispered, "Clover, Clover, wake up." "Kawino, it's two in the morning what's wrong?" She asked. "No time to explain, we need to get out of here." "Kawino, what's wrong did something happen?" "I'll explain later. Just trust me here." "Okay, you know I trust you." Kawino smiled a little at that. "Good, now grab what you need and let's get out of here." She nodded, grabbing a few sets of clothes and some food. "What about mom and dad though?" She asked ignorantly. "They are...sort of part of the reason we need to go." Kawino said. That only confused Clove worse but she wasn't really awake enough yet to argue or question farther so she luckily left it at that for now. They ran out of the house, he knew he had to find somewhere safe. "Know anywhere safe we could go?" He asked her since he's never actually been outside besides for reapings. "Well, we could try Cato's?" She asked. "Not enough, not for what I have planned." "We would have to leave 2 then." "Just what I was thinking. We just need a way to get past the fence." "Well, that means sneaking past the guards." "Shouldn't be that much of a challenge." "You sure?" "Not for us it won't." She nodded and they crept towards the gates. They stayed out of view looking for their best bet. "The east side is the least protected outside there is just a Forrest." "Then there's just the issue of the fence itself." "It's a quick climb." "We need to find the source first to disable it." He scanned the fence and found what he was looking for. Of course though, it was well guarded. "I need a distraction." Clove picked up a good size rock and threw it as hard as she could having it still land very close to the fence. The guard heard the noise and made their way toward it. So the twins both made their own way to the fuse box. Kawino pulled out one of his knives and sliced the line. The buzzing of the live fence instantly stopped. "That is our window." He said. "We need to move quickly though." She nodded and they scrambled to the east side and up the fence. They had managed to get to the other side and immediately broke into the forest. "Now can you tell me what's going on?" Clove asked once they were well away. Kawino sighed, sitting down on a fallen tree and began to tell her about their parents or at least how he knew them. There were no words to describe how shocked she was as a sat there pretty much frozen in place. "Shocking I know." He said. Clove's lip started to tremble and she just started crying. "Clover, please don't cry." He said hugging her. "I should have never let then do any of that stuff." "Clover, it's okay; I'll be fine now." Kawino said. "Well, true but it never should have happened at all." She stopped crying for a second realizing something. "You said that was part of the reason." "Yes it is because I realized that they do what they do because of these stupid games! In order to make things right I need to bring them down which means I need to start a rebellion." "No one would ever let you get away with that." "Clover, the question is not who is going to let me it's who's going to stop me." "The Capitol." "No, not if I do this right they will try though and that is part of the reason we are out here." "You really think you can do this?" "Yes very much so, but first I need a base of operations and to learn a few things. Will you help me?" "Of course I will." He smiled. "Thank you Clover, now as I said first we need a base." "Right, maybe there's somewhere farther on." She said letting go and wiping her tears as they both got up. "Yeah, let's go," he said, and they started walking through the woods. They walked for what seemed like hours until they walked over a spot where they heard a metallic clang. Kawino bend down and moved some of the foliage out of the way. There was a black metal trap door. Curious, he twisted the top opened it and slid down. Clove stayed up for a short while since they don't know what it was and there might not be a way for him to get back. Kawino looked around at first it was all dark, and then he found the switch. The room he was currently in looked to be a living room style place, with a red carpet two comfy looking couches, and a large bookcase that literally made up one large wall. He could see several doors leading off to different rooms, but first he headed back up to get Clove. "Clover, you really need to check this out." He encouraged. "I think we found our place." She slid down and stared in wonder. "Amazing!" "And safe," Kawino added closing the entrance. "Let's sleep here tonight then we can search this place more when we are rested." She said. Kawino just nodded in agreement having missed his rare sleep allotment to do this. "Good," She yawned laying on one of the couches. "Goodnight, Clover." He said and laid down on one himself being asleep within two minutes. Meanwhile back at the Special Academy, their parents had woken up and the mother went over to their room grabbing the bow and arrow by the door. 'Maybe he'll catch it this time' she thought. Once she opened the door though she dropped them both and went straight back to her husband in shock. "They're gone." "What do you mean? Who's gone?" He asked confused. "Kawino and Clove, I went to wake him up and his mattress and her bed were both empty." "Empty!?" He went straight up to their room to see for himself. It was of course true there was no sign of their children. He growled and punched the wall. "Where could they even have gone?" "I don't know!?" She said worried. After a second thought he realized, "There are two places." "Well, then where?" "Either the Haring's or Enobaria's." "Okay, I'll check Enobaria's, you check the Harings." She said, heading out. He headed out as well towards the mayor's house. He was soon knocking rapidly at the door. Mrs. Haring had answered after a while of pestering looking tired. "Mrs. Haring, I demand you hand over my children." "Hand over your children? I don't have your children." She yawned. "Don't play dumb. Both my children are missing and because of your son and my daughter they'd obviously go here." "Listen, whatever you think, you're wrong. I don't have your children." She said. "You're lying." "Listen you stubborn bastard, whether you believe me or not your children are not here." "Then how about I just check. If you're telling the truth you shouldn't have to worry or I could call kidnapping and the Peacekeepers could check." "Fine, but know this since you are wrong, when you are proven wrong you'd be executed for threats with no proof." "I have enough reason to believe." "Fine, come in." She sighed just wanting to return to sleep. He came in searching the house but obviously still finding nothing. "I told you they were not here now get the hell out of my house before I call the peacekeepers!" He listened knowing full well what would happen if she did. "Good day!" She said slamming the door behind him. At the same time as that whole scene, the mother had arrived in the Victor's Village and pounded on Enobaria's door. "What do you want?" Enobaria asked opening the door. "My children. I know you have them." "Your children are missing?" Enobaria asked genuinely shocked. "Yes and don't play dumb." "I do not have your children. How do you lose your own children?!" "Don't pin this on me! They were in bed, the next morning they were both gone!" "They are your responsibility!" "You can't possibly expect us to keep track of them in the middle of the night when we're trying to sleep, too!" "Why not!? You force Kawino to train for days without sleep why can't you?!" "Who do you think has to train him for that time?!" "I thought you two just switched out." "That would be ridiculous. We're partners. We work together." "You should have been parents. I do not know where your children are, but I do not blame them for running." "We were just trying to protect them! To make sure that if they go into the arena they end up here instead of the ground!" "You know I once talked your son out of suicide?" Enobaria asked. That had physically sent the mother back a step. "What? No... it can't be." "It is, and had I not been there you would have lost him. You really don't know how he sees it do you?" "How does he see it?" "He thinks he is worthless, and that you hate him." She said. "Neither of those is true though." "That is what he thinks! That is how you have treated him. The only reason he did not do it, is because I told him Clove needed him and so did I." "That's not what we wanted." "That is what you have done to him. And just for the record,