Hey guys! Welcome to Marcus and I's newest contribution which is hard to read and write as it projects the Careers as pathetic characters meaning you're supposed to feel sorry for them. You'll see what I mean so just read. It was 2:45 in the morning before Reaping Day of the 74th Hunger Games at the special academy in District 2, the building was empty of people at this hour with the exception of two advanced class trainers and the fifteen-year-old son Kawino Yetter one year ago his twin sister Clove would have been there too but she died in the 73rd Hunger Games. Kawino was completing his final lap around the training room before he would be allowed to shower sleep then wake dress and go to the reaping. He honestly did not care anymore after he had lost Clove nothing mattered to him, or most things didn't. He finished the last lap nearly to the point of passing out right now but kept his composure. He hasn't had any sleep in the past month and a half and has barely had any food in that time. It almost seemed as though his parents have gotten even harder on him since then and for them that's really saying something. "Alright stop!" His father shouted He stopped managing to keep his breathing smooth instead of panting. "Good now shower food, and bed," His mother said. "Of course, thank you, Mother." He nodded and went into the bathroom starting up the shower and NOW trying to catch his breath. He regained his breathe as steam filled the room. He stripped down a breathed looking in the mirror at his hundreds of scars from both child and self-abuse, and stepped into the shower with one of his knives pressed against his wrist. He bit his lip as a little blood came out and washed down the drain with the water. 'Why did you do it, Clover?' He thought dragging the knife further across his wrist. 'Why did you have to be so brutal in the arena and not just let them kill me?' Soon he began to cry as he thought of his sister. She had meant the world to him when her name was drawn he was so convince that there was no way she could lose… so, how did she? She had come close and then she had been bludgeoned to death. "You were supposed to be unbeatable," He muttered to his dead sister. "You were always so perfect and never got anything wrong. What, were you trying to die?" He remembered the days after that her boyfriend Cato the closest thing he had ever had to a brother had hung himself. This left Kawino alone with his parents, his crazy parents. He started to cry harder dropping the knife into the shower floor. "How dare you? Both of you just quit out like that leaving me to suffer all on my own." His sadness turned to rage as he hit the wall repeatedly. He just kept hitting as the blood from his wrist ran down his arm and down the drain with the water. He stopped after a while turn the water off still crying as he wrapped his wrist and then the rest of himself in towels. He rubbed some of the steam for the mirror and checked to see if his eyes were red from the crying. They were not so he felt he was safe to leave. He step into his rarely used bedroom which contained a ratty mattress, a meager pile of clothes and nothing else, dried himself off, and slipped on what happened to be at the top of the pile. Before headed to the kitchen to find something to eat since he was quite literally staving and they already said he could . He walked over to the fridge and got some bread and cheese and a glass of water. He ate it slowly keeping in mind what happened last time. It's almost as if his body forgot what food is. When he was finished he headed to bed. 'The reaping's at 7:30,' He reminded himself as he fell asleep. It was filled with nightmares mostly about his sister's games but the fatigue alone was unfortunately more than enough to keep him under through them. He was woken at 6:30 by his mother. Which as you can guess, is never pleasant, "Alright, I'm up." He said taking the arrow out of his shoulder. "Good get your good clothes on and go!" She said. It was just the first reaping which is seen by no one but District 2 but orders were orders so he bandaged his shoulder and got on the clothes that are only touched on the dreaded day. Long sleeve red shirt and black pants as he headed out. He stepped out and looked up at the sky over to the rising sun. This was the only day of the year he ever got to step outside. There were no such things as breaks to him besides to wash, use the bathroom, go to reapings, and if you're really good though rarely actually given: to eat or sleep. He stretched and headed to the village square. He sighed in and went to his age group staring at the glass bowls. There were no cameras. The televised reaping wasn't until later. No one outside of here, 1, or 4 could know about this step, ever. There was no pageantry as a man stepped up to the girls bowl. The fear on the girls' faces was more prominent then in any of the poorer districts, mostly because it's not just their own lives in grave danger if it's their name that's called, "Ria Winshel." A girl gasped and stood she had brown hair, dark green eyes, and slightly tanned skin. She was wearing a dress that matched her eyes. She was only thirteen years old. Unlike the televised reaping and in other districts it was not her job to go up to the stage. In fact, she was trapped, by all means crying and utterly hopeless. Her head immediately whipped back as the trigger happy peacekeepers grabbed and restrained her parents and little sister. 'There they go,' Kawino thought simply. He turned his attention back to the stage as the man went over to the boys bowl drawing a name, "Kawino Yetter." Kawino was torn. He could give up right now and let them kill his parents and himself. Then he looked over at Ria who had stopped crying. Probably knowing how she's going to have to look for the televised reaping when she's force to 'volunteer' and he got another idea. One that could benefit not only him, not only Kai and her family, but all three districts. So sure, he'll volunteer but obviously not to save his parents, and from there. He'll stop playing the game their way and play it his own. "So, you two know the drill?" The man asked. They both nodded. It was pretty straight forward. You go to the televised reaping and 'volunteer' as tribute then go be as brutal as humanly possible on the off chance that you might be able to save your family from certain death. "Good, ladies and gentlemen your tributes," He said. And just like that the reaping was over. The crowd cleared out since there was still another hour and a half until the televised reaping. Kia stayed there just trying to calm herself down. "I'm sorry," Kawino said. "It's not your fault." She said taking deep breaths. "It's just the way things are and there's nothing you can do to change that." "I know, but you clearly love your family, you should not have to be here," Kawino said. "And you don't?" She asked with a raised eyebrow. "No the only family member I loved was killed last year," He sighed. "Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that. Does that mean you're not going to volunteer?" "No, I just won't win," Kawino said. "Well, alright, that's your decision I guess." She said looking around at the peacekeepers though she's pretty sure there's no law against it. It's just suicide to yourself and family. "You would understand if you knew my parents," Kawino said. "I guess I have to take your word for it. How come I never see you around town?" "I'm always being forced to train," Kawino said. "Literally, all the other kids would go home but I literally live at the training center. On rare occasions I'd get a break to eat or sleep but those are so few and far between. Other than that, only to use the bathroom and obviously go to reapings." "That's horrid!" She said. "Yeah, well, good luck finding anything here that isn't." He reminded. "Even for us though," She said. "Well, that was life." Kawino sighed. "It's all about to change though." "You really intend to die?" She asked. "I have nothing left to live for. It's the only way this all could truly be over." Kawino said looking down. "Are you sure that's the best way?" She asked. "Well, do you have any other ideas?" "Well you could win and then not let them into your new home or near your money, or you could use Career districts B plan, where you get to pick which family lives. No one has done that, but the rule is there," She said. Kawino thought about it, "Well, that doesn't solve anything but I will go with B Plan to make sure yours are safe. After all, the odds are far from being in their favor alone." "Yeah, I'm not that good," She said. "Almost no one is." Kawino corrected. "The success rate is only eighteen percent since they started this system." "I know," She said. "Do you have any idea how to request a B Plan?" Kawino asked. "You go and ask the peacekeepers, after you 'volunteer' " She said. "Like, between goodbyes?" Kawino asked unable to think of other time they won't be on national television. "Yeah, then," She said. "Alright, I doubt I'd have many visitors though." "You never know," She said. Kawino shrugged, "I guess. I will request it though, I promise." "Thank you," She said giving him a hug. Kawino was very surprised by both of these actions. "Um, you're welcome." He said awkwardly. "You don't get hugged much do you?" She asked. "No, I do not." He admitted. "Well, it seemed appropriate here," She said. He hesitated but returned the hug. "See it's not so bad," She said. "No it is not. I'm just not very used to it." He said. "That's alright," She said. "I'm really sorry to hear about your sister." Ria said. "It was not your fault," Kawino said. "Still, you must really miss her." "I do," Kawino said. She noticed the bandage on his wrist, "What happened?" "Nothing," He said way too quickly. "Kawino, what happened?" She asked again. "It's just a cut," Kawino said. "Then why did you act so defensive towards it?" Ria asked clearly worried. "Did they do this to you?" "No they didn't," Kawino said. He hesitated but sighed and said, "I did." "You did this to yourself?" She asked. "Yes, I did." He admitted staring at the blood stained wrappings. "Why?" She asked. "It was too painful, between my parents, my sister's death, and the suicide of who might as well of been my brother; I can't handle it." "So, you're giving up?" She asked. "Basically, I mean, there's nothing else left to do." "You could try to move on," She said. "Move on?" He asked confused and a little shocked. "Don't live in the misery and sadness," She said. "How? Give me one thing I have to be happy about." "You need to find something to be happy for," She said. "I had two things but know they're both dead." "Then find something new," She said. "I