Hello, haters and hatresses and normal readers and readresses. Sorry about our awkward updates on… everything. We've both been very busy and… honestly a little lazy on editing. This chapter has honestly been done besides editing for 20 days and was started on May 12 so… yeah. Just start the new story. We begin in a very familiar jungle arena Peeta was slashing through vines trying to navigate the land. Katniss saw the force field but not long before Peeta knife slammed right into it and was sent flying. "PEETA!" She called out as he hit a tree and moved no more. Finnick went over to him and checked pulse. "He's dead." "What no he can't be!" Katniss said. She made her way over to the body trying to muster the will to care. "I'm sorry." Finnick said Katniss said nothing trying to at least pretend to care. As far as the Capitol was concerned he was the love of her life, her fiancé, the father of the baby she's carrying and it was her job to convince the districts and Snow that. Yet here at his death she was not sure what to feel 'Just pretend. You've been doing it for a year now,' she thought to herself. "You're wrong!" She shouted to Finnick Finnick fell back a step away from the body honestly getting a little scared. "Check." He said She bent down beside the body and pressed her fingers to his neck trying to will herself to cry. Thinking quickly she lay her head on his chest. "No Peeta NO!" He was right though, not a single sound escaped his chest. "He's gone." She said forcing herself to shake. She tried to think of it a different way. Of the eleven-year-old boy who saved her family from starving to death. That actually started to get to her if only slightly. She knew she needed a full on breakdown at least at first to convince anyone. She can't have care more about Rue's death than Peeta's. That gave her an idea and she tried to focus on Rue: her death, the faces of all her little siblings and parents, the older man she saw get shot for whistling her three note tune. Then at last the tears came. She let them fall as much as she could sobbing into his shirt. "Peeta NO!" She wailed "I'm sorry, Katniss but we need to keep moving." "And just leave him!?" "He's dead. There's nothing that can be done unless you want to put flowers on him." She growled up angrily at Finnick "I'm just saying; you did with Rue last year." "That was different." "Well, we do need to keep moving before someone or thing finds us." "Right, right." She said. She got up not taking her eyes off the body. "We need to go." He sighed "Right." She sighed. Her voice cracked slightly. "Come on." He said gently "Careful, there's a force field up ahead," she said managing to keep her voice hollow. "Right." He sighed "You looked like you were about to warn him though. Did you know it was there?" He asked. "Well, I could sort of...hear it." "Hear it?" He asked a little confused. "The capital fixed my ear and now I can hear things that most can't." "Hmm, well, you should probably lead then." "Right, suppose I should." She went ahead going right so that her 'super ear' was on the side of the force field. She was still genuinely shocked at Peeta's sudden death "A force field," she muttered keeping her eye out for the kinks in the armor and throwing the nuts, "and just like that." "I'm sorry." Finnick said "I just can't believe it." "It was rather sudden." "And with the baby," she remembered looking at her abdomen. "Even if we can both make it out alive he or she will never know their father." "That is a sad thought." Though the baby didn't really exist. Her mind flittered to Posy who actually was born after her father's death. "It'll be okay. "Their chances of survival are pretty much non-existent anyways." "In here yeah I suppose so." "Bad enough to cause the impossible." "Yeah, it'll be tough." She nodded. "I have to try though." Finnick nodded sadly "Unlikely for even just me though." "I think the odds are better than you think." "Everyone here's an experienced killer." "So are you and you're the youngest." "Yeah, four people, two were indirect, one had killed my ally, and the last one was a mercy kill that really more credit should have gone to Peeta." "Still you have a chance." "One of the Careers or Johanna are much more likely." "Not a guarantee though." "What makes you so sure?" "I have seen you work." "Yeah, the whole world has. So?" "When you want to win you usually find a way." "Like the berries?" "Yes like the berries." "I wish I never did that," she admitted honestly. "Well, you did there is no changing that." "I know." "I'm just saying no point to regret it." "Well, nothing good came out of it." "Not even Peeta?" "He still died though." "That does not make him a bad thing." "It doesn't make it a good thing." "You are too negative." "How can you not be?" "I have hope." "You're the only one." "No Mags does too." Mags nodded from Finnick's back. "Good for you two then." "Others do, too." Finnick added. "Good for them." "I'm just saying you should at least try." "I will try." "That's all I ask then." "Got it, though I don't see why you care." "Doesn't really matter why I do." "No, I suppose not." "Maybe I just like babies." He shrugged. "I mean, who doesn't?" "Snow." She muttered "That's dangerous," he muttered. "Oh they didn't hear." "I guess with the bloodbath still on." "Yeah, it should end soon." "Right," he said as they kept walking. "Soon we should rest." "Yeah, probably best." "I can weave some mats." "That works." "I don't need to." "You should." He said "Why?" "The baby." He reminded "Right, need to think about the baby." "Good so rest." She sighed and sat down leaning against a nearby tree. 'So now what?' She thought She couldn't find much of an answer though but the cannons soon started going off. She counted nine. "So that's it then." "Not that much all things considered. Still 15 of us left." "Yeah but for how long?" "Not much longer. I mean, not only is everyone here an experienced killer but this is a Quarter Quell. There must be something to this arena we're not seeing." "Probably yeah." "Speaking of which, we really do need to find water." "Right but where." "If I knew where I would have gotten some by now." "Okay, sorry, calm down." "Sorry, guess it's the hormones." "Must be. Can't imagine that." "You don't want to." He chuckled and said, "I'm pretty sure that's impossible." "For you to want to?" "I actually meant for me to get pregnant." "Oh! Yeah, I guess that is." "It could have been a lot worse though. You're clearly still in the first trimester. Imagine if you were eight or nine months along." "Yeah, I would be dead." "Probably, I don't think anyone would be able to survive that." "Not likely." "That is a bright side though." "Yeah, you make a good point." "Just try to always look for those." "I will; I have to now." "Good, it does help though." "We'll see." "That we will," he said wishing he could tell her the truth about these games but there's more than a few reasons why not. Okay, so water then." "Right, obviously there has to be some." "Yeah, but I can't see any." "In this heat we could probably die faster from it." "Yes, just say calm okay?" "I'll try." "Good that is all I ask." He said "I don't think we could make the night without finding some though." "Well, maybe we'll get a gift." "Maybe." As if on cue a parachute came down. Katniss immediately grabbed it opening it up. It was well to be honest she was not sure it seemed familiar. She took it out looking it over. "I have seen one of these before, but where? I need to hunt see if I can clear my head." Katniss said She got up taking her bow before Finnick could protest. She was off into the forest. After a while of looking she did find a creature up in one of the trees. It looked like a rat, except with larger shaper teeth. She shot it down but once she did noticed it's nose was wet. "Water? From where?" She started from the base of the tree and scanned out trying to find where it had been drinking. Yet it just looked like a tree. She headed back to the others with the rat. "Well, there's definitely some kind of water source nearby. I can't find it but he did," she said, holding up the creature. "Well, that's good. It has to be around then." "Exactly, we just need to find it." "This has to have something to do with it" She turned the sharp tube in her hands a few times then looked at the sharp teeth on the treerat and it clicked, "A spiel!" "A what?" "A spiel, sort of like a faucet. You put it in the tree and normally sap comes out but here given the lack of springs and this creatures sharp teeth there's only one thing that could be worth having in these trees." "Water." He finished for her. He took the spiel from her and a rock going over to a big tree. "Be careful. We should probably find a way to drill a hole first. Can't risk damaging it." "Right, maybe with the tip of the trident?" "Or Mags' awl." "Better idea." He conceded Mags of course handed it right over. He dug into the tree as far as he could. They used it and Katniss' knife to make the hole large enough to fit he spiel. "Okay, be careful now." She said. "Maybe you should do it. I don't know how it works." "Probably for the best." He stepped aside and Katniss worked the spiel in. "Here we go." At first just a few drops came out, then it started to increase. She adjusted it slightly getting a steady stream of warm water out. "Quick, we need a container." Mags had soon weaved a basket tight enough to hold it. They held it under until it was full. They each took drinks from the basket. "That is so much better!" "And now we have the means at any time," Katniss said. "Could you make another basket, Mags?" She nodded smiling. She immediately started weaving another as Katniss filled back up the current one. "This gives us an edge." "Yes it does." "That is great!" "The games will be short if the others don't though," Katniss stated. "Not really an issue." "Would turn us on each other real quick." "True, but I think the others will get it later." "They'd need their own spiels and knowledge on how to use them." "Maybe." "Just saying." "It would be hard without them." "Would it even be possible?" "Maybe if they figure it out." "I guess." "Still unlikely, just as you said." "I guess we'll see then." "Yeah for now we eat." "We need a way to cook it." "What about the force field?" Finnick asked "What about it?" she asked. "We could throw it into that." "Well… I guess it's worth a shot." "Exactly." "Should cut it up first." "Right." He said nodding. So she took her knife and skinned the rodent before slicing it. "Alright ready?" "Ready." She took a piece and tossed it. The piece came back charred on the outside but cooked nicely on the inside. "It works." She said eating it. She