Hey guys! If you remember in Catching Fire while (Spoiler Alert!) Gale was being treated for his wounds from the whipping Katniss started to think about how she would have felt if her and Gale's roles were reversed so Batmarcus and I decided to write about how that would have went. Now, START THE STORY! It was the night before Reaping Day and in a small shack in the Seam, a young child twelve years of age shot up sweating bullets and crying profusely having had a nightmare that their name was drawn. The door opened and their older sibling came in having heard the crying, "It's okay." The older one said pulling the crying child into a hug. "It's going to be okay, Rory. It's your first year. Your name's only in there once. They're not going to pick you." "Gale, what if I am drawn?" He asked tearfully. "They won't, your just one name out of hundreds." Gale reminded holding his older younger brother close. "Okay, I guess you're right," He said calming a little. "Think you might be able to try and go back to sleep?" Gale offered since it was still the middle of the night unlike when Prim will wake up. "Will you stay here with me?" Rory asked. Gale nodded, "Of course." "Thanks Gale," Rory yawned. Gale actually gave a small smile at that which was rare for him besides while joking around in the woods with Katniss. "You're welcome. You know I'd do anything for you just as I would Vick, Posy, or even Prim." "What about Katniss?" He asked. "Of course Catnip, That just goes without saying." Gale said of course using the nickname he always does for her. "Do you like her?" He asked. Gale nodded, "but it never really seems like she's ready to think about anyone that way yet." "Well maybe you have to make the first move," Rory said falling into sleep. Gale thought about what Rory said knowing he will obviously be meeting Katniss in the woods that morning. Should he or would it be too dangerous for their friendship/partnership? "Maybe, I will," He muttered. That morning in a better off but still struggling part of District 12 called The Town. A seventeen year old girl with blond hair and blue eyes was still asleep in her bed, "Ermela! It's time to wake up!" Her mother called. "Why?" She mumbled tiredly she had not been able to get to sleep until past midnight. "It's only an hour before the Reaping, you need to get ready." Her mother, Estelle, reminded her causing her to shot right up having not realized she had no idea she slept in so late. "Okay I'm on it!" She called down. She went to her closet to look for a dress to wear. Like everyone else, she was very nervous for the Reaping but her parents' candy shop made enough money that she never had to sign up for tesserae. She settled on a light blue dress with dark red accents to it. She set it on her bed and went to the bathroom to clean up. Soon enough she was ready. She had the same dress and some powder blue one and a half inch heals on and her hair was pulled up in a spiral bun. Hopefully this was all a waste of time though and they will never be shown but it's important to still be safe. She made her way down to the shop. "You look gorgeous!" Her mother said as she arrived downstairs. "Thank you, mother," Ermela said in fake politeness that matched her mother's. "My pleasure," she said. "How long is there left?" Ermela sighed obviously dreading it. "Twenty minutes," Twenty minutes later, everyone was gathered in town square and Effie had gone through the annoying talk and movie. "Now, as always, ladies first," Effie said walking over to the bowl and drawing the name of this year's victim, "Ermela Juan." "No it can't be!" She thought horrified. She held her breath as her feet moved to that stage independent from her brain. 'I am going to die.' She thought with no question. "Now for the boys," Effie said and went to the other bowl. She dug around this one for a short while before grabbing a slip. Gale held his breath knowing his name's in there forty-two times. "Rory Hawthorne." 'No! No! No! How could it be? He was only in there once!' Gale thought. Rory was pale as a sheet as he stepped out and started to make his way towards the stage when he heard a way too familiar voice say a completely foreign sentence. "I VOLUNTEER!" "GALE NO!" Rory shouted. "Oh! It appears we have a volunteer." Effie observed in surprise at the sudden turn of events so unheard of in District 12 or really any non-Career district, "Well, come on up then." Katniss managed to get out of her own grouping, grabbed Rory, and held him back. "No! NO!" Rory screamed starting to cry as he fought against Katniss' grip but being an archer she had more than enough upper-body strength to keep the hysterical 12-year-old at bay as Gale made his way to the stage. "What's your name?" Effie asked and gave the microphone to Gale. "Gale Hawthorn," he said. Effie looked over at the boy who was crying his eyes out still fighting too escape Katniss' iron grip. "I'd bet that was your brother, wasn't it? Couldn't let him steal all the glory?" Gale just glared slightly at her but that was completely lost on Effie though as she stepped back and said, "Well, alright you two, shake hands." Gale stepped up to Ermela, and shook her hand. As she held his strong but precise hands, she stared into his Seam grey eyes unable to look away. "Ladies and gentlemen I give you the tributes from District 12!" Effie announced. She led them both to the justice building and into separate rooms. Gale just stood in the room he was put in waiting for his first visitor but knowing who it will be. Sure enough in came his family, led by Rory. Rory didn't waste any time practically falling into his older brother's arms. "Why did you do that, Gale?" He choked still crying heavily. "I told you last night that I'd do anything for you, Rory, and I meant it." Gale reminded holding him close. "But what about you?" He asked. "I think I stand a chance. I can hunt with snares or a bow and arrow, find water, identify edible plants, and so many other skills; practically a Career myself." Gale said confidently. "I'll do everything I can to win." "You shouldn't have replaced me!" Rory said. "I couldn't just let go out there and possibly die." Gale said seriously. "You're only twelve." "I don't want to lose you," Rory said. "I know, and do everything to make sure that I win and come home." Gale promised. "Until then, Katniss will make sure to take care of you guys. We promised years ago that we would if one of us were to go into the games." "Okay," Rory finally gave in sadly knowing nothing can be done about it now. Gale felt a tug on his pant leg and looked down at his sister, Posy. "I know you can do it, Gale. Then District 12 will have it third victor." He smiled and picked her up off the ground so she was sitting on him as well. Almost as if they knew, the door opened, "Time's up." "Listen, you be good for mom," Gale said hugging them all in his arms As the door was closing Vick looked at Gale. "Say hello to dad for me," He said sadly. Gale was shocked but it was too late as the door closed. "Gee, thanks for the vote of confidence, Bro." He muttered angrily. The door opened and Katniss walked into the room. She ran up and hugged him tightly. Gale was surprised but obviously didn't hesitate to return the hug. "You can do this," She said seeming ready to cry. "I can and will." Gale said holding her close, 'Despite what Vick says.' "Good, you had better," She said nervously. "I will, so, just take care of my family and I'll be home before you know it." Gale swore confidently. "It will be easy; I already know how to hunt." "Yeah but you'll need bigger traps," She said mot letting him go. "I know, but that shouldn't be much of an issue. Especially if I get my hands on a bow, armed with both I would be back before the second day." Gale said possibly a little too arrogant. "I know, but Gale..." She said carefully. "What is it?" Gale asked. "I wanted to say something," She said blushing. "Alright, go ahead while we still have time." Gale said. "Gale I... well..." She stumbled before seeming to throw caution to the wind and kissing him and was surprised when he kissed her back as though there was nothing else he wanted to do. After a short, but heated kiss they separated for air. "You have no idea how long I've wanted that," Gale said in all honesty, "but you always made it seem like you weren't ready to think that way about anyone." "Well I wasn't and then seeing you going up to the stage it all just sort of connected and I realized how I felt," She said still standing close to him. "Then I have even more reason to do anything to win." Gale said smiling. "Well then, you better win and come back to me," Katniss said wrapping her arms around his neck. "I will." "Good!" She said before kissing him again. They separated just in time as the door opened. "Come back to me Gale," She said as she was lead out. "I promise, I will." Gale said right as the door closed. Gale was pleasantly surprised and because of that he was smiling now of all times, but he could not stop. That needless to say looked more than a little odd for Prim when she opened the door and came in. "Uh, Gale, you're smiling?" She asked confused. "Your sister was in here last." Gale said touching his fingers to his lips. "She kissed me… twice." "Really?" Prim asked shocked. "Yeah, apparently when she saw me go up to the stage, everything just connected and she realized how she felt." Gale explained still having trouble believing it all. "Well that's wonderful!" She said. "Yes it is, now I just need to win and then we can be together." "Yeah, I hope you win," Prim said smiling. "I will." Gale promised just as with everyone else as Prim reached into her pocket. "I have something for you," She said. "Really?" Gale asked curious. "Yeah," Prim said pulling out a silver chain with a wooden cross on the end of it. "It used to belong to my dad." Prim added sadly. "I want you to take it into the arena with you." "Prim I can't take this from you," Gale said. "Please, I insist." Prim said putting it in his palm. "I'll bring it back," Gale said hugging the little girl. "I have complete faith in that." Prim said returning the hug. "Good, you take care of Katniss okay?" He asked. "I will." Prim promised. "Good girl and help her out where you can," He said. "I will try." She promised. "Good," Gale said smiling The door opened again and they knew exactly what that meant, "Time's up." "Be safe!" Gale said as Prim was lead out. He was surprised when the door opened again and Estelle came in. He had sold her rabbits sometimes at the shop but otherwise he didn't really know her that well. Maybe it was the fact that her daughter is going to be his district partner? "I have these