I know, what are Batmarcus and I doing writing more stories when we can barely keep the ones we have going but we both agreed on this and it should be okay. Disclaimer: We do not own The Hunger Games, rights go to Suzanne Collins. President Snow, sighed as he stared across at the dead body of yet another of his detectors, he really couldn't keep doing things this way getting rid of his enemies with poisons. For one it would raise far too many suspicions if it kept happening near him, and second even small amounts of the poison chased quickly by antidote was doing damage to his health. "What I need is an assassin, someone who could do everything I require without being linked to me." He muttered fortunately he had an idea. Going to his desk the man pulled up a page of children who showed the greatest potential for what he needed. Of course, it would be natural that they would come from a Career District for obvious reasons so he started looking through the reports at the academies in 1, 2, and 4. There was plenty other potential, but one of them stuck out. This one boy had near perfect scores in every area and when he looked up the name, was the son of the trainers of the advanced class in District 2. "That might just be what I am looking for, perhaps it's time for a survey of military forces." He said smiling. "Guess I'm going to District 2." He signaled for his ship and escorts to be ready as he left his offices Meanwhile, back in 2, the boy in question had a few more things going on than his records showed... For one at the moment he was exhausted and starving and for another his parents were still pushing him. "Faster, you useless piece of shit!" his father shouted and threw a spear at the boy. He dodged the spear and sped up. All the other students were back at the houses by that point but this boy had to keep at it for heaven knows how long. Not that it mattered. At least not to him. He's had more than enough time to get used to it. He picked up the spear and hurled it at the targets. The spear hit just short of the bullseye. "Failure again!" His father demanded The boy flinched back, knowing what was coming. He fired several arrows at him. None of them hit anything lethal but all were very painful. He kept going though because he had to. It was always the same thing for him. Everything just blurred together. Soon enough though he got told to stop and panting the young man did so. Though the odds were against it, he really hoped he was done. "Drop and give me 50 pushups." The boy obliged without hesitation. Meanwhile President Snow was arriving in 2. He came well-guarded but wasted no time heading straight to the academy seeing that they're housed right above the academy. He walked right in and headed for the largest training room. He was surprised to find anyone there at all at this time. He saw what they were doing there, to the boy he had come to retrieve. They didn't seem to notice his arrival yet. He decided now was time to make himself and his Peacekeepers known he cleared his throat. Everything froze as all three turned to him. They all snapped to attention; "So, may I ask what is going on here?" He asked. "We are training him for the Games, President," the father said as if nothing was wrong. "Didn't school end several hours ago?" he asked. "He's our son. We can give him some extra preparation." "He seems to have had quiet enough, he's bleeding and much too thin for what you both make." He said "We're preparing him for the games," the father repeated. "Well, I think his training is concluded." The boy, Kawino, got to his feet, inadvertently showing the full extent of the abuse. "Why is he so scarred." Snow said stepping past them to examine the boy in question "Because of what's going to happen," the boy mumbled. "What do you mean?" Snow asked "The punishment." "Punishment of what sort?" "Well, usually they'd use weapons on me..." "On you?" He said eyes narrowed. "Yes. Knives, arrows, maces, pretty much anything." Looking him over, the innumerable wounds and scars screamed that he was telling the truth. "Is there anyone else here?" He asked "My sister, Clove, should be upstairs. They don't hurt her though." "You're sure?" He asked. "Yes, I made a deal that they can do whatever they want to me as long as they don't hurt her." "I see, we'll then..." He said turning to the Peacekeepers, "These two are under arrest, and please bring the girl down here to me." He said. The parents were taken away and soon a very confused Clove was brought downstairs. "What's going on?" "I have no idea." Kawino said Clove looked around spotting President Snow and asked again, "What's going on?" "I am taking you both away from here." Kawino was visibly relieved but Clove just even more confused. "What do you mean? Why?" "She didn't know." Kawino filled in quickly "I didn't know what? Kawino, what's going on? What didn't I know?" "They were abusing me." "That were what?!" Cloe gasped. "Why didn't you ever tell me? I could have helped." "I had a deal standing with them." "What kind of deal?" "That they can do what they want to me as long as they don't hurt you." "Kawino, why would you do that?" She asked hugging him. "Because I love you and I could never bear you getting hurt, especially if I could prevent it." "I don't want you hurt either." "That's why it had to be a secret." "Kawino." She sighed hugging her brother close. "I'll be okay, Clover," he said, hugging her back. "I want you to be. No matter what." "I should be now. They've already been arrested." "Yeah they will." "So, what do you want with us, President?" Kawino asked. "I have a plan and I believe you two will be a major asset to my plans." "You wouldn't want me. I'm not perfect." Kawino cut in. "You are the most qualified for what I need." He said. "How could that be? I'm not perfect." "You are for this and I find that in my experience: perfection is not fully possible." "What do you mean? Of course it's possible." "It really isn't. " "But they always said…" "Kawino, they lied to you." He said carefully "Really?" Kawino asked, turning to Clove. "But you're perfect." "What? No, I'm not." She said concerned. "What do you mean? Of course you are. That's why Cato loves you." "No, that's not I mean he loves me and I love him despite our imperfections, it's how things work." She said. "Exactly," Snow said. "So… they lied about that, too?" "Yes, they did. It's what they do apparently." "So, I don't have to be perfect?" "No, you don't have to." "So, what is it you need us for?" "I will explain when we are in a more secure space." "Okay…" Kawino said, still not sure what to think but glad none the least to at least be free of his parents. "Follow me." He led them out and through the District towards the mayor's house where his hovercraft would be waiting for them. "Could I say goodbye to Cato first?" Clove suddenly cut in. "Who?" "My boyfriend," Clove answered. "And the Mayor's son." "And I'd like to see Cady too." Kawino added. "And who's that?" "Cato's little sister." "Why do you need to see her?" "She means a lot to me, and she'll be worried if I don't show up." "Okay, you can say goodbye but they're not coming with." "Will we get to see them again?" Kawino asked "I can arrange for that though sparingly." "Sparingly?" Kawino asked confused. "Not very often but still sometimes." Snow explained. "Oh, I see." He sighed. "I'm sorry bur it's the best I can offer." "Maybe Clove should stay with them then," Kawino said. "I don't want to leave you, Kawino, even more not after what I just learned." "I want you to be happy though." He said "I still will be." "Are you sure?" He said "Yes, I'm sure." "Okay, so we can go say goodbye?" Kawino asked "Yes, you guys can go say goodbye." They nodded and headed towards the door. Clove knocked on the front door and they waited. Soon enough, the Mayor answered the door. "Clove, nice to see you. I assume you're here to see Cato, right?" "Yes sir, we are and Cady." She added. "I'll go get them, and who is this, by the way?" "This is my brother Kawino." Clove said smiling. "Nice to meet you Kawino. Come on in. I'll go get them." The Mayor said before leaving. Kawino looked around a bit not knowing what to do. Clove noticed the look but wasn't sure what she was supposed to say. He then shrugged as three people came back into the room. "Kawino, you're out!" Cady instantly shrieked going over to him. "Yes I am." He said smiling and scooping the eight-year-old up into a hug. "She knew?" Clove suddenly asked. "Yes she knew. I didn't tell her; she found out." Cady nodded sadly. "I walked in one day to get my jacket and…" "She saw some things I wish she hadn't." He said "Please, don't say anything else..." Clove cut in. "We weren't going to." Cady said "What are you guys talking about?" Cato asked. "It's hard to explain." "Um… okay…?" "Just trust me." Clove said hugging him. "I do," he said, hugging her back. "Thanks, now we are going to go." "Go? Go where?" "We think the Capital," she said carefully. She did her best to explain the situation. "So, I won't get to see you for a while?" He said "Unfortunately, yes." "Will you be alright?" Cady asked them "Yes," Clove said trying to seem assuring when she really had no idea. "But you just got out I don't want you to go." Cady said hugging Kawino like he would vanish. "I'm sorry, Cady but I don't seem to have a choice." "You don't?" She asked "No, President Snow wants me for something. I don't know what though." "He has to take you though?" "Yes he does." "Can't we come?" She asked. "Unfortunately, no." She seemed sadder at that and just hugged him tighter. "I'm sorry, Cady." "I don't want you guys to go." She pouted. "I'm sorry but we have to. We will be able to come by sometimes though." "You promise me that?" "I promise." "Okay." She sighed "I'm sorry it has to be this way. I don't like it either," he said, hugging her tightly. "I know you don't." she said "I had to at least come say goodbye though." "I'm glad you did. I would have worried more if you hadn't." "I know; that's why I requested it from Snow." She smiled a little at that; "Good." She said "So, goodbye?" "Just for now, yes." He said "Yes, just for now." "I promise." He said "Alright," she said, still seeming sad but not as much. "I promise you we'll come to see you." He said "As often as you can?" "As often as we can." He promised kissing her forehead. "Alright, goodbye, Kawino." "Goodbye Cady." He said sadly, as he set her down. At the same time as that, Cato and Clove were having their own goodbyes. "Why do you have to go?" He asked. "We honestly don't know yet." "What do you mean you don't know?" He asked confused. "Snow said he'd tell us somewhere more private." "I don't want you to leave. " "I know that but Kawino has