Hey guys, here we have Batmarus and I's newest contribution which was his idea and includes Destiny who still belongs to XxKissMyEyesAndLayMeToSleepxX. District 0 is not required to this and they are separate realities but without it you might be pretty confused for the first few chapters. Your choice though unless you're already awesome. Clove's eyes widen as Thresh made his way towards her with a rock to size of a small loaf of bread, "CATO!" She screeched. "Cato!" She could hear Cato's response but she knew he was too far as Thresh slammed the rock against her temple. She was still alive but just barely and with her hearing messed up from the hit Thresh might as well have been talking back in District 11. It felt like an eternity until everything dissolved away and the cannon went off. Then she was surprised when the world began to reappear around her slowly forming into a silver covered room. She lay on a table in the middle strapped down. "What?" She inquired looking around while fighting against her restraints. "Are you awake yet Clove?" asked a voice she had not heard in just over a year. "Kawino?" She asked looking toward him. "What's going on? Are we in Hell?" "Not even close," He said pushing a button and releasing her. "Well, there's no way I went to heaven so would you care to explain?" "You are in the Capital!" Her twin brother said. She was extremely confused but went along with it. "Alright, what are we doing in the Capitol?" "Well, there is a long story to that," Kawino sighed sitting down. "Alright, I'm listening." Clove said sitting up so they're at the same level. "Well the Capital is always afraid of another rebellion, so in an effort to prepare for that every person they feel would be an asset from the Games do not really die, they are taken healed and the live here in secret the sole condition is that everyone keep in shape mentally and physically, you do that and you get to live here and not have to pay for a thing. The whole upper class of the Capitals taxes go to us it's the best kept secret," Kawino said. "But doesn't that mean that if there is another rebellion then we'd have to help the Capitol win it?" "Yeah, basically," Kawino sighed. "Great," Clove sighed then smacked him on the back of his head. "Ouch! What was that for?" He asked. "For giving up in the arena, not only was that torture for me to watch but you could have gotten me KILLED." "I made sure you would be okay, I made sure the one person I was left with was the one with the most brutal weapon, even in my last moments I thought of you." Kawino said. Clove sighed, "Why? Why did you make sure the one person you were left with was the one with the most brutal weapon? Why didn't you at least try fight back instead of lying there as if you were already dead?" "Because I was at least internally, I couldn't take it anymore Clove even if I had won it would have made your life worse," Now that was certainly surprising, "You did that for me?" "Of course I did," Kawino said. Not sure what to say Clove just pulled him into a hug. "I missed you," She said. "I missed you, too, Clover." Kawino said returning it. "Don't do that again," She said. "Alright, I swear I won't." Kawino promised. "Really?" Shea asked. "Really," he promised. "Okay, okay," She said trying to calm down. "Is there anyone else brought back that I would know?" Clove asked. "Well Marvel, and Cato would come here should he loses," Kawino said. "Well, then ironic as ever, I hope he loses." "Me too, but he has to lose in the right way, oh yeah and the upper ring of the Capital and some of their friends know about us, but are sworn to silence." "Alright, good to know." "Want to look around?" He asked. "Yes please." "Well then get some new clothes," Kawino said as a closet came out of the wall. "I will meet you outside," He said. "Alright," She said as he left and she looked through the options. She settled for jeans (something she had never seen), and a red short sleeved shirt. "Interesting," she observed once they were on. "Comfy," She said heading out. "Nice choice," Kawino said looking it over. "Thank you," She said smiling. "Now, let's show you around." Kawino said and started walking. "So, we can journey anywhere in the Capital?" Clove asked. "Well not the poorer parts of it, but anywhere else," Kawino said. "That's so cool." Clove said. "Yeah, it's amazing here," Kawino said. "I can imagine it would be." "Do you want to live with me or one your own?" Kawino asked. "With you if you don't mind." "Of course I don't mind," Kawino said smiling. Clove was surprised when a fairly short and almost normal looking teenage girl came up she was fairly short, had shoulder length white hair, blue eyes, and natural fair skin. "Hey Kawino, who's this?" "Destiny this is my sister Clove, Clove this is my girlfriend, Destiny Snow," Kawino said. "Snow? As in, President Snow?" "Yeah, he's my dad," She said smiling as she hugged Kawino. "Oh, I didn't even realize he was married. Well, it's nice to meet you." "Nice to meet you too," She said shaking Clove's hand. "So, what's it like being his daughter?" Clove asked. "Not as great as you might think," She said. "Well, what's wrong with it?" Clove asked. "He's not exactly...loving," Destiny said. "Oh, I guess I could have guessed that. I'm sorry to hear that." "My mom's even worse though." Destiny sighed. "And almost everyone's too scared of them to even talk to me." "What's with your mom?" Clove asked. "She… insane, to say the least. The again, she'd have to be to marry him." "So how are you so normal?" She asked. She hesitated on that then said, "I'm not sure? Maybe because I hate them so much so I don't want to be like them." "Well, I guess that makes sense," Clove said. "Besides, I'm sure you're not like your parents." "No, not even a little," Clove said shuddering. "Wait how did you...?" Clove started to ask. "Kawino told me." She said sympathetically. "Oh, okay" She sighed. "I'm so sorry you two had to go through that." "It's not your fault," "I know but still, it must have been really terrible for you guys." "Yeah, but we had each other and Cato," Clove said. "Well, that's good then." Destiny said thoughtfully. "So, you and my brother?" Clove asked. "Yeah," Destiny said nervous as to what she'll say. "How did this happen?" She asked. "Well, first of all, at the end of every games there's this party held for any of the 'new recruits' as they are called." Destiny said before going into flashback. Cue Flashback Destiny was sitting in the pristine Ballroom of their home. She was bored she hated these things, but as the president's daughter she was forced to go. One of the big reasons she hated these things was the boys of the Capitals upper class hitting on her so she had hidden herself away in a corner of the large room. She looked around briefly and noticed a boy around her age near the edge of the party and fairly close to her but he didn't notice her yet he just stood there looking extremely confused like he has no idea what to do. She unfortunately recognized him as the newest one. The last tribute to die in the 73rd games. Deciding that it would be better than sitting around alone. She made his way over. "Hi," She said. He turned to her kind of awkwardly, "Um… hi." "You're Kawino Yetter right?" She asked noticing his blush as he looked at her. "Yes, that me." "Well, it's nice to meet you, my name's Destiny." She said purposefully leaving out her last name for now not wanting to drive him away because of it. "Nice to meet you, Destiny," he said offering his hand to shake. She shook it with a small smile, "Are you okay, you seem a little lost." "I am incredibly lost," he said "Well, maybe I could help you." Destiny offered, "What are you lost on?" "So, what exactly is this...thing we are at?" He asked. "It's a party," Destiny answered knowing they have a lot less extravagant ones occasionally in all the districts, too but noticed that wasn't help him, "Haven't you ever been to one? Just, a lot smaller?" "Uh, no actually I can't say I have," He said. "Really? Well, you at least know what one is right?" "Not really, no," He said. "Well, it's a group of people that's intended to be enjoyable and is traditional to celebrate something." "Oh...okay," He said awkwardly. "I'd help you with what to do at one but I've just been hiding in that corner so, sorry." She said awkwardly. "Just like me," He said. "Guess us outcasts need to stick together." She said with a slight giggle. "Yeah, I guess we do," He said smiling. She however frowned for a second frowned realizing that it would be unfair for them to go any further without him knowing the truth, "There's something I really need to tell you first." "Sure what is it?" He asked. "Well, it's perfectly understandable if you don't want to associate with me any more after this, most people don't but…" she took a deep breath and just let it fly off, "I'm President Snow's daughter." "Really you are? I didn't even know he had a family," Kawino said. "Yeah, most people outside of upper and some middle class Capitol don't but it is unfortunately the truth. "You don't seem happy," He said. "You're observational skills are impeccable." She said with a sigh. "Well, what's wrong?" He asked. "Ah, where on earth to start." "Anywhere, I can listen," Kawino said as they sat on one of the corner couches. "Well, first of all, as you can imagine President Snow is the best father a girl could ever ask for." She said quietly her voice absolutely gushing with sarcasm. "Really?" He asked. "That was sarcasm," she corrected. "Are you familiar with the term?" "No," He said. "Well, it when something's so obvious so kind of in a joking way you say the exact opposite but it usually carries a very particular tone." "Okay, got it," He said. "So, in translation, he's an absolutely terrible father." "Well, my parents aren't great either," Kawino said. "Really? What were they like?" Destiny asked worriedly. "Well, they forced me and my sister to train whenever we were not sleeping, eating, or going to reapings," He said. "Oh my gosh, that's terrible." She gasped looking at him. "Well it's all I know," He said. "That only makes it worse, Kawino." "Sorry," He shrugged. Destiny sighed, "It's not your fault. Was there anything else?" "Well yeah, but let's talk about you," he said. "Why me?" She asked. "You obviously have problems, too." "I'm used to others not really caring," He shrugged. "So am I, so share." "What if we go back and forth?" He offered. "Fair enough. I guess it's my turn. Well, since everyone's afraid of my parents they never really want to be near me. Except those creeps." She said glaring at one of the 'creeps'. Kawino turned seeing some boys his own age except dressed...fancier. "Who are they?" He asked. "Just some upper class Capitol boys who keep hitting on me." She said rolling her eyes. "That's not good?" He asked. "Yeah, like I said, they're just little creeps." "Well I'm sorry then," He said. "Yeah, your turn." "Well, growing up I was trained for the games constantly since