Hello readers and readresses! Welcome to Marcus and I's newest collaboration! This was honestly really fun for us to write so I hope you guys have just as much fun reading it. Nothing else to say so let's just start the shock! It started off as a pretty average night back at the Special Academy in District 2 for the Yetter family. If you are not yet aquatinted with this 'lovely' family… well, I say lovely in quotes for a reason. At least for fifteen-year-old Kawino Yetter, it was nothing short of hell. Well, how about we just show you guys. Try to keep up. "Faster!" Kawino's father shouted throwing a spear at him. He barely managed to dodge the spear and sped up out of fear. He continued to sprint throwing knives with precision as he went. Literally, not a single throw was even a little off. I guess that's what happens when you're never not training. Which was the case. "Stop!" His mother called. He did stop in his tracks successfully resisting the most basic need to catch his breath. "You have improved; you may sleep and shower now." "Thank you, Ma'am." He said relieved having not slept in almost a week. "Dismissed." She said. He nodded and head to the bathroom. When they were alone his mother sighed. "Are you okay, Mantear?" The father asked her worriedly. You new people see, though clearly not Kawino they do really care about and love each other. "Yes fine it's just...do you think what we are doing is right?" "Of course, we're just trying to stop him from dying if he goes into the arena." "I know but do you ever think that maybe we are taking it too far?" He snorted slightly and said, "No, what has gotten into you? We agreed shortly after they were born that this was the best way." "We seem to be pushing him too far; I mean what if we were to kill him?" "This won't. You're just talking crazy." "Look at him. He barely walks out of here." She said. "Exactly what we need to fix." "I am not so sure it will work." She said. "We have to at least try." He said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. "What if we kill him?" She asked. "We won't." He just repeated getting seriously annoyed. "Fine." She sighed. "Good, just go get some sleep. It's making you delirious." "Right, I'll do that." She said. She headed to their bedroom but couldn't stop thinking about it. 'Is this the right thing to do?' She thought. Not bothering to change into anything different she flopped down on the bed with a sigh her mind still reeling. 'Maybe this is wrong.' She closed her eyes and tried to sleep hoping it might help in one way or the other. It did not in fact she had nightmares. She found herself back on the training floor with her husband but outside of herself unable to move or talk. Nothing but watch really. Kawino was running but clutching his chest as he threw knives. 'No, no, no, no, this isn't what we wanted!' Her mind begged fighting to break this grip and do SOMETHING. Then he stopped painting and fell to his knee's crying. 'How are you not doing anything?!' Her thoughts screamed at her husband, Drusus but still could not be form into actual words. He very soon hit the ground not moving or even breathing. She had no way to check if his heart was even still beating all but she knew at this point it was exceedingly unlikely. 'You said we wouldn't!' Her thoughts screamed . She shot up in the real world actual tears falling down her checks. She looked around, her husband was asleep beside her all was quite. She was honestly relieved to see he was and got to her feet making her way towards the bedroom Kawino shares with his sister which anyone here would recognize as Clove from the first book. He was there, but unlike Clove he was not breathing steadily yet was still sound asleep. She frowned and being careful not to wake either of them made her way over and kneeled down next to his ratty old bare mattress. Now that she really gets a good look it's really a miracle he's still alive at all as you can just sit there and cut his ribs but also assess how many of them are broken, eight by the way. 'What am I doing?I can't let this continue, it's gone on too long.' She thought gently running a hand through his hair and then she saw the cuts on his wrist. She knew she didn't do that and was pretty sure her husband didn't so that could only leave… 'He's been cutting himself?' She looked closer they were clearly old most of them, yet there was two fresh ones. Seeing that of course only further confirmed her earlier conclusion. 'No more.' She thought simply. She then did something she had never done before and bent down place a gentle kiss on his forehead. He was still in a deep sleep but she whispered lightly, "I promise." He rolled over in his sleep and slept on. She sighed and got up leaving the room wondering how exactly she could achieve this new goal. It would be easy enough to just stop doing it herself but there's still her husband who made it clear he is not moving on his stance. She could report him but that could mean he would report her too. Not to mention being executed. She couldn't. District 2's Peacekeeping force is extremely strict so execution would be inevitable. She had to find a different way. 'Maybe I could just try talking to him again. Make him sense.' She decided to try when he woke up. She honestly felt like she'd be able to get through to him. So she waited for him to wake. Eventually he did and smiled slightly, "That help? You finally see sense again?" "I did see sense, just not what you wanted." His smile disappeared and he simply said, "Then you didn't see sense." "Yes I did please listen he is so thin I can count his ribs and eight of them are broken. Not only that, but he has been cutting himself." "The arena, Mantear. You just have to remember that it would only get worse in the arena. It's not my issue if he can't handle it." "We are supposed to care for our kids not do this. What if he kills himself?" "You're overreacting. If he was going to he would have by now." "How can you not care!?" "I never said I didn't care! I'm just trying to save his life but suddenly you're making me the bad guy here!" "I want to save his life and for him to enjoy it, please!" He growled and to her extreme surprise he punched her right in the jaw as hard as he would Kawino. She stumbled back surprised. "You hit me!" "You deserved it!" She punched him back. "Why you little…" He growled and tackled her. She rolled onto her back and pushed him off and over her head with her feet. He hit the wall hard but got back to his feet and swung a kick at the side of her head. She rolled to dodge it still being on the ground but fixed that getting to her own feet as well. "I really don't want to hurt you, Drusus." She said her voice cracking. "Then come back to your senses." "No, I don't want to hurt Kawino anymore. This has already gone on for too long." He shrugged and lunged at her again. She sidestepped and kicked him down the stairs. As he stumbled down the stairs hitting the bottom, technically out of their home now since they're housed right above the academy the rent just taken out of their wage as trainers but no one but they're family was there yet, she stayed at the top of the stares tears seeing if her was going to get up. Which he did. "Please, just think about what you're doing." She said tears starting to fill her eyes. "I am; you clearly are not thinking clearly." He said. "I'm just trying to save our son." She said making her way down the stairs. "This is saving him." He said. "I mean from us! What if he never goes into the arena?! He only has three years left and there's tens of thousands of people it could be instead!" "What if he does go into the arena!?" "Then at this point he might just give up and not even try to fight!" "You can't mean that!" "I sure as heck wouldn't blame him considering the 'life' we've forced him into for as long as he could possibly remember!" "You are being over dramatic." "You can't be serious. You'd have to be blind not to see it!" She said trying to ignore that she just said that she was blind herself until recently, which she honestly was. "No, I see that I am preparing him to live." "Let's say he does then. We continue things your way and he goes into the arena and wins and passes, now what? Literally all he's ever known is training." "He..." The man trailed not knowing really. "He'd find something." He said sure of that. "You are lying to yourself." She said. "No, he would. You just don't have enough faith in him." "He has known nothing but training and we keep telling him no one will ever love him! What could he do if he won if that is all he has ever known!?" She said. "The problem will fix itself. He'd learn. He'll find someone, realize we were lying, and move on with his life." "Or he won't and kill himself." "Again with the killing himself. You keep worrying about something that's never going to happen!" "Then why does he cut his wrists!?" "He's just trying to find a way to handle it. That's completely different." "It's not." She said. "How not?" "That is a sign of being suicidal." "No, they're completely separate things. If he was suicidal he would have used that same knife in that way." "You do not know that!" "He's fifteen and nothing has really changed in years beside you suddenly talking crazy. If he's going to kill himself then why hasn't he even tried yet?" "So, you are basically saying you are surprised he has not done it yet." "I never said that." "You implied it!" "It is kind of surprising." He said his voice clearly not caring if he did. "You are a monster and so was I, but now I see the truth I will not keep hurting our son!" Tears filled her eyes as she descended the last step. "All those things you've ever told me about trying to save his life THEY WERE LIES! You never cared one damn bit about him! You're just some deranged sadist who somehow gets some twisted joy from practically torturing the poor boy! The only reason he's never even knew he had the choice!" "I will give you one more chance stand down." "I won't." She said though her voice was cracking. He sighed and charged her again. He did take her down this time but she quickly used his weight against him and turned that around so she had him pinned, "That wasn't the only lie was it?! Did you ever even love ME?!" "Of course I did." "Then why are you doing this?!" "He needs to survive!" "He's already more than ready to survive physically the only thing he'd have trouble with will only be made worse by continuing this!" "You are a fool!" He said before head-butting her. She was sent back by that letting him go,