IT'S THE QUARTER QUELL! Celebrating Marcus and I's 25th story on Fanfiction with something really only I am insane enough to come up with! As you can tell, I didn't give you a summery but let me just say up front. This story does not contain any actual Quarter Quells. Just read the insanity! When I woke up, I got out from under the soft satin sheets of my bedroom and headed out of my room into the hallway finding the door to Prim's room wide open. I peered in finding her bed unmade and empty. She must have had nightmares and headed to mother's room. Of course she did, it is reaping day after all. I walked over to my mother's room and peered in. Sure enough, Prim was snuggled right against mother. I sighed it was going to be a long day. I went to head back to my own room to get changed but earned a hiss from a predicable source. "Oh you're not dead?" I asked Buttercup. The stupid cat just hissed again swatting his paw at me. "Oh shut up." I said. I rolled my eyes and went into my room getting changed into a green shirt, brown leather jacket, jeans, and leather boots. Of course I had much better clothes but not for what I was doing. Closing the door I headed for the fence. I strolled towards the gate which opened and let me out into the woods. We of course never have to worry about food or money or anything for that matter but it relaxes me getting away from the hustle and bustle. Especially on days like that. Since really the only way for us to have a fence is for the district to put it up they luckily made it that easy as I left the bustling streets of District 12 behind and headed into the wilderness. "Nice and Calm." I sighed. I got my bow and headed to where I'd usually meet my best friend Gale. I found him waiting in a similar outfit to mine just in black. "Hey Catnip." He smirked sitting on a rock. "Gale." I said smiling and hugging him. "Ready to hunt?" I asked him. "Am I ever not?" "Never," I smiled letting him go. "Are you ready?" He asked. "Of course," "Let's go then, whoever gets the most wins?" "You're on." I smirked and headed off. He followed close by. I nocked in arrow looking around being as quite as I can. Gale hugged me sending my arrow off course. I growled turning to him, "Cheater." "You're the one who missed." He smirked. "Because you threw off my shot. You know I never miss anyways." She said lightly shoving him. "Maybe." He chuckled. "You're such an ass sometimes, Gale." I said but was laughing when I did. "Oh yeah and you're not?" I shrugged and admittedly said, "Alright, I have my moments but you're still a cheater." "Fine, you are cute when you pout though." He chuckled "I don't like people messing up my shots." I grunted loading another arrow. "Okay, sheesh." He sighed. "Let's just keep hunting. I want to get some kills in before we have to head back to get ready." "Right, sorry." We moved on and he went to make a shot but I pushed him sending his own off course. "Now we're even." "Fine, but no more." "Right, deal." We hunted for a few hours. "I won!" I said and sighed stowing my bow and heading back to the gate. "Barely." "I don't care. I still won." I said smirking at him. "Fine, you win." "There's still tomorrow though." He said as we headed through the gate. "Assuming we are not reaped." "We won't be." I said confidently. "I hope so." "Name's in seven times this year." He sighed. "Yeah, five for me." "At least it's my last year but it's Rory's first." "And Prim's." "They'll both be fine though." Katniss said. "They're only in the bowl once." "I know and I still worry." I nodded with a sigh, "It's hard not to. I don't know what I'll do if Prim's reaped." "Hopefully you will never have to." "Hopefully, same with Rory." "Yeah see you there." He said. "See you there." I said before headed back to my house to shower and get ready. When I arrived my family was up and going. "Better tuck in your tail little duck." "Thanks." She said. I tucked it in for her with a gentle smile. She was wearing a black laced shirt with white blazer jacket and scarf and animal print on the cuffs and scarf. Her blond hair was down and put back with a white scaled headband. "You look beautiful, Prim." "I'm scared, Katniss." She said. "I know. Everyone is. Especially their first year but it's only just that. Your name's only in there once. It's not going to be you." "I hope not." "It won't be, Prim. I promise." "Okay." She said hugging me. "Good, I have to go get ready myself though." "Right I will wait." She let go and I headed to one of the bathrooms striped down before punching in the commands into the shower. I sighed as the water came down. I could only hope I didn't lie to Gale and Prim. Part of me worried what if I had? "I guess that's everyone's worry." I said with a sigh. The shower ended I got out to see if my mother had laid out a dress. I found a black lace long sleeve knee length dress. There was a small gap that showed some of my skin in the back. Pleased, I slipped it on. I had to admit I looked good. It's hard to believe that this is the same girl that was just out in the woods almost looking like someone from the Capitol. "Alright ready to go?" I called out. I headed to the living room and Prim sighed, "As I can be." "Okay let's go." I said. She took my hand and we headed down to town square. The peacekeepers were waiting for us. I unfortunately had to let Prim go as we were separated to the separate sections. Out came the mayor dressed in a black suit and his hair properly combed. Just as every year you can tell this is the last thing he wanted to do. "So, here we are for another year of the Hunger Games." He called out. He regretfully went through the required speech before moving on the actually reaping. "Now, then Ladies first." He said. He went over to the bowl and pulled out a name his face going pale when he opened it. He went back to the microphone and read in a shaky voice… no… no… it can't be… "Primrose Everdeen." I stood stunned no please no I had to have misheard. Of course, I instantly looked back to my sister finding her more terrified than she's been in her life. Please! No! It can't be! She slowly slid out of line toward the stage. I watched in horror as she passed me and found myself sliding out of line myself unsure what I was doing at the time, "Prim!" "Katniss!" She gasped. "I volunteer!" I heard myself yell going up her and pushing her behind me as if worried they might not have heard me and would still take her away but everyone had. "You what?" He asked. "I volunteer as tribute!" "I...well... it appears we have a volunteer." As I made my way towards the stage it was obvious that he recognized me. "Oh Katniss." He sighed sadly. Prim was screaming behind me. "No! No!" She screamed. I glanced back seeing that Gale had gotten out of line and was holding her back though. I nodded to him and headed up. The whole square was silent as I took my spot on the stage. Most looked sad. It may just be my imagination but it seemed worse than usual. That was very surprising since it never seemed like anyone really cared. "So you all know Katniss." He said. Everyone did. "Now I suppose on to the boys." He went over and drew a name from the other bowl, "Peeta Mellark." 'Who?' I thought. When he stepped out of his group I still didn't really recognize him from anywhere. ' Well at least I do not have to kill a friend.' I thought. The boy who I assume must be Peeta made his way to the stage. He was blonde and strong looking but that was about it. Given his blonde hair and blue eyes it was clear that he was the Town. Obviously all of District 12 is set on money the town has always had more than the Seam which is where I live... lived at least. "Ladies and Gentlemen your tributes." He said. There was just more silence and we were led to the Justice Center. We were put in separate rooms and I waited. A short time later, my mom and Prim came in. "Katniss!" Prim said rushing to took her into my arms and she just cried into my dress. "Why did you do that Katniss?" "I could not let them take you." "I don't want you to die though." "Prim, it'll be okay." "You have to win." "I will try." I said. "You can right?" "Of course I can." I said. "Promise me you will win then." "I...I promise." I said. "That's really all I can ask for now." "I know..." I said. "I just wish there was more." "So do I." "There isn't though." Prim said seeming to cry even harder. "Shh...it will be okay." "What makes you so sure?" "I will not let them take me from you." I held her close and said, "I'll be back home soon. I promise." She did nod holding me like her life depended on kept holding her close but looked at my mother. "Mom you need to be okay." "I know. I will." "No, if the worst happens you can't do what you did when dad died." "I know and I promise I won't." "Good." I said seriously. "She'll clearly need you." I added looking down at her. "I know." She said. "You had better." "I will I swear." Before I could say anymore the Peacekeepers came in. "It's time to go Prim." I said. She didn't want to let go and they ended up having to pull her off. "I love you!" I called out. The door shut right after I did though. I was alone again but not for long until Gale came in. "Catnip." He said. "Gale," I breathed as he went over and hugged me. "I am so sorry." He said. "It's not your fault. I'm the one who volunteered." "You had good reason." "Yeah and I don't regret it at all." "Good, now, when you are there get a bow." He said. "I plan on it but they might not have one. I'd have to search more of the area." "If you show them what you can do they will have a bow." "If they can get one." "If not than make one." "I'll try but I don't think I could." "You have to try." He said desperately. "Alright, I will but those Careers, Gale. Not just with they're training but we're not used to ever having to be hungry. They are." "I know and you may have to eat what you hunt." He said. "There's no 'may' about it. That and/or gathering are the only ways to get any food." "I suppose so." "At least I'm used to getting it though." "Yeah, you'll do great." "Well, thank you, Gale." "No problem...Catnip I need to say something." "Um… okay… what is it?" "I...well...I..." He said trying to figure what he needed to say. Unfortunately in came the peacekeepers. They took him away before I had the chance to find