Hello loyal and/or new readers and readresses! Welcome to Marcus and I's newest collaboration! Now read please! "Alright. There's only five of us left. May as well say good-bye now, anyways." Maysilee said looking over at Haymitch who wouldn't move from the edge of the cliff. "I don't want it to come down to the two of us." "Okay." He said. She waiting for something else but nothing ever came some she headed back through the hedge and into the woods on her own. She felt on edge alone. Suddenly she heard the deranged laugh of the one remaining Career, a girl from 1. She looked around ready to defend herself and pulled out one of her darts, dipped it in poison and got in really going out of view. She waited breathing softly for the attack. She saw her come near with her ax ready but she didn't seem to notice Maysilee yet. So she aimed and shot a dart into her neck. The dart went in but Maysilee waited until the cannon went off to come out but once it did she went over and took the girl's supplies and debated whether or not to take the ax. She decided to just in case with how close the games were getting forty-four dead, four to go. She picked through supplies and left the body. As the hovercraft picked it up she became conscious of the fact that if the other two tributes died before her or Haymitch it could still come down to the two of them. 'I really hope not' she thought. She knew it sounded bad that she was literally saying that she hopes that one of them die soon but it was the way things had to happen. 'Stay focused' she thought. She made her way further into the woods with another dart and the ax at the ready when he heard birds. Knowing that literally everything here was deadly she broke into a sprint in the opposite direction of the birds that in canon had killed her. She made it several yards before stopping to rest. Shortly after she did so she heard another cannon and wondered if it was Haymitch but if he's still at his ledge she knew it was unlikely that anyone had found him. She pulled out some dried fruit from the Careers bag and started to nibble on a dried apricot. Haymitch, her and one other tribute; that was all that remained. "Three of us left," She sighed. 'Hard to imagine I even made it this far.' She thought. 'Maybe I could win after all. Still Haymitch is here still.' She counter thought herself. She started walking again figuring it was best to keep moving for now. She listened as hard as she could for noise. She heard a scream and squirrel type noises then another cannon. She was officially in the final two and the scream had sounded nothing like Haymitch's. 'Of course it had to be him.' She thought. She sighed and headed back to where she had left Haymitch figuring he had never left and tried to figure out how this will even play out. She found him there still staring at the force field. "Well, it's just you and me now." She gulped hating that fact. "What?" He asked spinning around surprised. "All forty-six other tributes are dead, Haymitch." Maysilee said carefully. "So, just us?" He sighed. "Just us, I don't want to kill you though, Haymitch." She said setting down both her weapons. "I don't want to kill you either," He sighed setting down the knives. "Well, one of us has to. They have to have their winner." "I know that," He said. "Then pick your knives back up." She said. "Pick up your blow darts," He said. "What about your brother, Haymitch? What about your mother or your girlfriend?" Maysilee said not doing as she was told. "What about your mother and sister?" He asked. She looked down at her district token, the forever famous golden mockingjay pin which had been handed down to her from her mother but didn't dare to say a word. "Exactly now pick up those blow darts," He said. "No," Maysilee said looking back up at him. "Fine then," Haymitch said picking up one on his knives and before she could stop him plunged in through his own heart. "NO!" She shouted running towards him. It was too late though as a cannon went off, the hovercraft, picked up Haymitch's body, and the trumpets sounded, "Ladies and gentlemen! I present to you the victor of the 50th Annual Hunger Games, from District 12, Maysilee Donner!" "No, no, no" She muttered being taken up herself. She was taken up to the hovercraft and repaired and made up to perfection and congratulated more times than she could count. She felt anything but that as she just sat there thinking about the other 47 tributes… especially Haymitch. No one knew that though and soon it was time for her interview. She sincerely hoped her stylist had some better ideas though remembering the disaster of a parade. She was simply placed in a coal black dress. It wasn't too bad. It wasn't flashy but I guess that doesn't really matter anymore. She was a victor and no one can forget a victor. Soon she was in front of Caesar for her interview. She looked over at her stylist, prep team, and escort that were on stage with her. Usually her mentor would be too but she didn't have one. "So how does it feel to win the second Quarter Quell," She was asked. She knew that she had to lie and said, "It's amazing, to that that out of 48 tributes I was the one that eventually came out on top." "Yes, you were a long shot in the beginning," He said. "Yes I was but now here I am. District 12's second victor in all of history." "Yes that has to feel good," He said. "Yes it does," She lied evenly. "Were you surprised by Haymitch's actions?" He asked. "Most definitely, especially since when I left earlier that day it didn't seem like he cared that much at all." "Yet he died for you to go home," "I know and I'm still trying to make sense of that fact." Maysilee sighed. "He clearly wanted you to make it home." "I guess he did but I didn't save his life for him to just throw it away with both hands." "I can't understand how you must feel," he said. "Well, now I'll have to go face Sagittaria on how I let her boyfriend kill himself for me." "You could not have stopped him," "I guess not. I did try to though but it was too late." "Yes, so maybe she will understand," He said. "Hopefully, it's better than if I had killed him myself." "I would hope so," He said. "Can we talk about something else?" Maysilee asked. "Of course, where did you learn to work with those poisons?" He asked. "Well, a close friend of mine works at the apothecary." "So, you knew some things were poisonous beforehand," He said "Exactly, and from watching the other tributes it was fairly easy to figure out the rest." "Very impressive," He said. "Well, thank you, Caesar." "Are you looking forward to returning next year as a mentor?" He asked. "Yes I am. Hopefully I can get my district back on its feet so I won't be doing it alone for too long." "Well, you would have your work cut out for you," He said. Maysilee nodded, "I know but I will try my best." "Well we will see how that works out," He said. "Hopefully well," Maysilee said. "We can only hope," He said. "Well, you can only hope. I can work really hard to make sure of it." "Right, well we are nearly out of time, anything else you want to say?" He asked. "Now then let's see your victory video," He said. Maysilee looked at the screen nervously but tried to keep her composure. The reel started showing her dash for the Cornucopia quite a while after Haymitch was well out of sight. It went through most of the deaths, when she allied with Haymitch all the way up to the hardest part where she again had to watch as Haymitch stabbed himself. She lost her composure at that part and started to cry but I guess that's forgivable since he was her ally. "What an experience you have been through," He said somewhat sadly. Maysilee nodded and wiped her eyes. "You poor girl," He said. "I'll be okay." She said not wanting to seem weak. "Alright well, do you have anything you want to say?" He asked. Maysilee just shook her head. "Alright then. Goodnight Ladies and gentlemen!" He called. A few years later, Maysilee was well settled into her house in the Victor Village despite having no neighbors when there was a knock at her door. She cautiously made her way to the door to find President Snow. "Mr. President," She said honestly surprised but let him in knowing she doesn't really have much of a choice, "what brings you here?" "I need to speak to you," He said stepping inside. "Well, alright," She said very nervous now. "Now Ms. Donner are you liking your new home?" He asked. "Well, yes I am. It's a lot better than the previous living conditions." She said trying to sound calm. "Good and your family is well I take it?" He asked. "Yes they are." Maysilee said now getting very afraid that he's going to do something to them. "So, you do not want to lose all this do you?" He asked. She shook her head and Snow just smirked, "Then I see no reason we shouldn't be able to come to an agreement." "What agreement?" She asked. "Well, as you probably know for quite a few years now the citizens of the Capitol have grown quiet fond of their victors. Because if this, any victor who is deemed particularly desirable is two be entering into what's known as the Victor Sex Trade once their old enough and you have been chosen." He explained maliciously. "What, but that's sick," She said. "Well, you are free to refuse but if you do I will personally see to it that your family, your friends, anyone who means anything to you; is executed." "You would kill them?" She asked. "Exactly, I've done it before and you would that would you?" "Okay, okay I'll do it," she said. "See, I knew you'd see sense. I'll just call you down to the Capitol when needed so make sure to pick up the phone." She nodded glumly. "Just one more thing, you can't tell anyone about this." He added before leaving on his own. "Right," She sighed. "Who was at the door?" Her twin sister, Noresc, asked ignorantly coming over. "Nothing just reminding me there are papers I am needed to fill out later," "Oh, okay, are you okay though? You look stressed." Noresc observed nervously.. "No, just tired I slept bad last night." She said. "Oh, more nightmares?" "Yeah," She sighed. "I'm sorry to hear that but I'm not sure what to tell you." "Not your problem," She sighed. "I guess. I just want to help you though." Noresc said sadly. "I know," She said smiling. Many years later, now thirty-nine-year-old Maysilee Donner sat in her mentor's chair on the stage of the 74th Hunger Games reaping. She still sat alone having not yet achieved her goal of getting a tribute out alive. Honestly, it was starting to seem like a lost hope. She watched the girls be drawn and was surprised to say the least when after the girls name was drawn a different girl broke her way out of the crowd. "Prim!" "Katniss!" The first girl called. She pressed on avoiding the Peacekeepers making her