Hello new and loyal readers! I have recently started to become a little more conscious that to new readers, this is the first of our stories they've read. For those that aren't familiar with our OCs and… unusual conclusions/explanations had gotten worried that they might not understand what's going on, we do try to help you out. I have found and hired random fan and AMAZING writer blisterkissed to read this story and see if it makes sense to her and if not adjust accordingly. Enjoy the story. It seemed way too short, but also an eternity. Twenty-two dead. Only one left to die before a victor could be called. The younger of the two boys eyed his last opponent, his knives at the ready. The other boy stood ten feet from him holding a baseball bat wrapped with a length of barbed wire, perfect for this urban hell of an arena. The one with the bat advanced towards the knife-wielding boy and went to make a strike. The younger boy caught the bat in his hand, directly on the barbed wire as it sank into the skin of his palm, not even flinching though his own blood ran down his forearm. In a swift movement he extracted the barbs from his hand by shoving the bat back hard, into the older boy's face. He stumbled backward and the young boy saw his opportunity and took it. So he rushed forwards and wedged the two knives deep into the other boy's lungs. It was an abrupt movement, and he withdraw the knives as quickly as he plunged them into his opponent's chest, proceeding to shove the older boy to the ground. It was not long until the trumpets sounded. In fact, it was nearly immediate. "Ladies and Gentlemen! I present to you the victor of the 73rd Annual Hunger Games of District 2, Kawino Yetter!" Kawino spat out a mouthful of blood as well as a tooth and watched as the ladder came down. 'Finally it's over.' He thought, stepping up onto the ladder before allowing it to pull him up. As Kawino got up, he was instantly surrounded by doctors. "Hold still, we'll fix you up." He did. They worked for a long time. It was longer than normal, to prepare a victor for his interview, until he was camera-ready, but once they were done any scar, injury, or marking even from before the arena was erased besides getting his weight back to normal. It was impressive. "We'll pad you're outfit," one of them said. "We wanted to do surgery but Annia insisted against it." "Well, thank her for me, I need sleep." "Of course, Kawino." The head doctor said as they all left. Kawino laid down on his bed and drifted off instantly. Kawino was exhausted from the arena and slept for a very long time. He woke slowly to Enobaria sitting beside his bed, reading and waiting for him. He smiled and instantly hugged her before she even realized he was awake. "Kawino!" She smiled. "Enobaria! It's so great to see you again!" "You too. I was worried." "I guess that's normal." "I knew you had won the second you blocked the bat." "Yeah, by then there was pretty much nothing he could do. I'm honestly surprised Glam lasted that long. He's from 1 but there were so many flaws in his technique," he said thinking over his stance, grip, response time, almost everything was wrong. "Well, the others you were with- most of them anyway- lacked finesse. And you killed the only one who had it, other than you." "Not the best pack I've seen, no." "It does not matter though, you won!" she exclaimed hugging him even tighter. "Yeah, now I'll be able to get back to Clove. Well, hoping they don't kill her." "Unlikely," she said. "You probably thought that after your games, as well," He noted looking at her with a sincere expression. This woman might as well have been his mother even before the games. "I did, and I was wrong then. But this time is different. You did things that were hard for even me to watch, you pulled the girl from 10's intestines out." "Well, I hope you're right this time." "Kawino, you did well." "Thank you, Enobaria." "Soon you'll be home." "Right. Home…" he sighed looking down as he fell back out of her arms. "Kawino, what's wrong?" She asked reaching towards him but he flinched back. "Nothing, just forget it," he muttered much too quickly. "No, tell me." She said in a motherly voice, her eyes baring into him in sincere concern. "It's a long story. I don't want to burden you with it." "Kawino, tell me." "Please, just don't." "I want to help you, please." "I just really don't want to talk about it." "Fine, for now." She said. "When is my post-games interview supposed to be?" "Late tonight." "Shouldn't we all get ready then?" "Yes, we should. "Let's go then," he said, letting go of the hug. She nodded and they went to see Annia. "Annia!" Kawino exclaimed upon seeing his stylist. "Kawino!" She said happily. He went up and hugged her. "I see you missed me." She laughed. "I did," he admitted but had a small smile as he looked at her, a few faint lines showing through the make-up if he looked close enough knowing where to look now. "Well, I missed you too," she said. "I was sure you'd win though," she added. "You were a shoe-in." "Well, thank you for believing in me." "It's my pleasure, Kawino. Now, let's get you ready." "Of course." He nodded. She had put him in black slacks with a silver dress shirt with a full length sleeve on his right arm, but nothing on his left. "I hope you like it." She said. He looked at it in the mirror. As mentioned before, the suit was padded. "I like it." "I'm glad you like it." "Yeah, I love it." He said. "Thank you, I figured you would." "You'll both be on stage too, right?" "Yes we will be. So will Accalia, Nonus, Lucilla, and Publius." "Okay, I'll be okay then." "Good, that means that I have to get ready myself though." "Alright, I'll be here." He looked around still not really having anything to do until the interview. That night, he rose up to the stage for his victory interview. The crowd went mad as he appeared. He let his mouth go into a smirk and took his seat in between Enobaria and Caesar. "So Kawino. How does it feel to be out of the arena?" "It feels great. I mean, I'm a victor now. There's no greater feeling in the world." "Oh, I can't imagine it. Was there ever a point at which you thought it was over for you in there?" "None at all, I was always very confident." Kawino lied easily reminding himself that he has to be a Career. That Clove still isn't completely in or out of the woods yet. That even his responses in this interview could save or kill her just as easily as anything he did in the arena. "You are a very confident young man then. I, for one, thought you were done for when those wild dogs attacked." "Well, I knew how to handle them." "You clearly did. You came away with few serious injuries." "Exactly, nothing I couldn't handle." "Including that bat you caught?" He asked. "It hurt, yes, but it was fine. See? Look." He held up that palm to the audience. "Very impressive. Now Kawino, to be serious for a moment. You just might have given us the bloodiest games ever this year. What do you say to that?" "Well, I hope it pleased those watching," he answered truthfully though for a different reason. The capital broke into another round of cheers. As odd as it felt to him, Kawino could tell he was saying all the right things… or at least, he hoped he was. "So, are you excited to go home?" "Yes I am," Kawino half-lied wanted to go back for some things but still fearful of others more than any arena could ever dream of. "Back to the people I care about." "That's good. I hope you enjoy a well-deserved rest." "Thank you, I'm pretty sure I will." That answer for once didn't feel forced as for the most part this is true. "Now then, the highlights." Kawino just forced himself to remain Career-like as the screen comes to life. Head held high and his smirk never leaving his face no matter how hard it hurt. He had no choice but to pretend. No question about it, though; this is going to be a total gore-fest. He knew he was right when the video opened with him snapping another boy's neck. He was doing well for the most part, but it just kept getting harder and harder to watch, especially once it got to the girl from 10. He bit the inside of his cheek so hard he drew blood as he watched himself pulling out her large intestine. 'It's what had to be done.' He kept trying to remind himself. Soon it was over. He finally let go of his cheek, relieved, although he knew that the interview was not over. Shockingly, he had managed to still hold his smirk. "Any parting words?" "Just that I have really loved my time here and can't wait to see you all again!" The crowd all cheered as Caesar closed the interview. Kawino rose and walked off stage. Soon the rest of his team had followed him out. "So, I guess this is it for a while?" Annia sighed sadly. He nodded and hugged her again but Enobaria spoke up, "There is a way for you guys to still stay in touch. It would not be in person, but it is, at least, better than nothing." "There is?" He asked. "Yes, on the telephone. There will be one supplied in your new home." "Oh! Okay. So we can talk then!" he exclaimed smiling widely having connected greatly with her during his stay in the arena. She had become one of only two uninvolved people that knew why he is so hesitant to go home and understanding some herself. "Yes, we can." "That's good." He said giving her one more hug. "Then it will only be a few months before we meet in person again for the Victory Tour." "I look forward to it. You promise I get to meet your daughter next time?" he asked. "I promise." She nodded. "Okay." He said. "Just remember, you choose who's allowed in your new house." "Oh, I know." 'I wouldn't be here if I didn't,' his thoughts added but he didn't say it out loud with the others there. Soon enough he was on the train and headed home. Wanting to avoid Enobaria questioning him more, Kawino locked himself in his room, glad that he's from 2. It makes the trip incredibly short. 'Almost there.' He swallowed. 'Please be enough.' He thought. He passed the whole trip pacing in his room. He could hear knocking on his door a few times, but he ignored in until he felt the train slow down. Kawino sighed and headed, out nerves on edge. He knew there would be cameras once he got off the train, so he had to put on that facade and look like a Career. He was determined to play the part even though he knew that as soon as the cameras were gone, it would be the time to find out. Sure enough, he was blinded by flashbulbs and deafened by cheers when he left the train. A smirk instantly found his face once again and he balled his hand into a fist, striking the air above his head the way he had seen plenty of Careers do on camera. Just like with all