This story is a very, very, very late (like, 9 months late) birthday present to one of my very best friends. Claire, I hope you can forgive me for how long it took me to finish this story, and I really hope it's at least half of what you'd hoped for. I love you to the moon and back, Claireabelle! -L The One My Soul Knows ( Quem Anima Mea Cognoscit ) "You're doing it again." Theo blinked and reluctantly focused his attention on the annoying blonde git he had the misfortune of calling his best friend. "Doing what?" Draco smirked. "That thing where you try to discreetly stare but a bit of drool ends up running down your chin," he said with a gleam in his eye. Theo very nearly resisted the urge to kick him in the shin. Very nearly. "I'm not staring at anything," he said quietly. "No, you never are, are you?" Draco muttered back, leaning forward and rubbing at his sore leg and shooting Theo a glare that clearly said retribution would be had. Settling deeper into the plush green velvet of the wing-backed armchair he was lounging in by the fire, Theo changed the subject. "What mark did you get on the Transfiguration essay?" he asked, and all of his attention was on the subject because he was not, nor had he been, staring at anyone. If a flash of red hair was lodged in his peripheral view, well, that wasn't his fault, now was it? It was bright and wild and out of control and impossible to miss, which was fitting, he supposed, as that was a fairly apt description of the hair's owner as well. Not that he was thinking about her. No, he was focused solely on his conversation with Draco, and- "Theo!" Draco snapped, but his scowl was diminished somewhat by the amusement in his eyes. "If you're going to ask me questions about schoolwork, the least you could do is pay attention when I'm bragging about the 'O' I received from McGonagall, the only 'O' she awarded on this assignment, by the way, much to Granger's chagrin," he said with a valiant attempt at sounding wounded. "Oh, Draco, how I love to hear you prattle on about your superiority," Theo said with a smirk. Merlin, his best friend truly was a pompous, entitled, self-absorbed arse. One would have thought the war would have broken him somewhat, stolen some of that arrogance, and in truth, it had in ways. The first term of "eighth year", as it was being called, he'd been withdrawn and quiet, making sure to never draw unnecessary attention to himself. (Let's face it, the one and only student in the castle with a Mark on his arm had enough attention as it was.) When Christmas had rolled around, he'd opted to stay at Hogwarts versus returning to the manor that could probably never again feel like home after all he'd seen there, and Theo, who had never in his life felt the urge to be in his family home at any time, much less Christmas, had stayed with him. When the "Golden Trio" had approached the pair of them in the Great Hall before the Christmas Day feast, Draco had tensed, sure that he was finally going to be subject to the barrage of insults and hate he felt he was due. Theo, however, was not so surprised when with a "Happy Christmas, Malfoy", Potter had stuck out his hand to his long-time nemesis, offering peace and a truce at last. Potter and Weasley had shaken both Theo and Draco's hands, and Granger had, a little awkwardly, half-hugged them as they all gave their slightly uncomfortable holiday wishes. And that's how Draco got his groove back, Theo thought. Slowly but surely the blonde's confidence had returned, and now during Easter hols it was like being with the same Draco he'd known his whole life, minus the really mean streak. As for Theo, well, he'd always kept to himself, hadn't he? Sure, he had reason to withdraw, just as Draco had. After all, his father had tried to kill many students and staff of Hogwarts, even succeeded on a few. All in all, though, he hadn't changed much as far as the way he presented himself. He wouldn't say he was shy. He was simply observant. He liked to observe, to take in his surroundings. Which was why he could still see that damned hair… "If you don't ask her out, I'm going to." Theo jerked upright. Blinked. "What?" Draco stood, brushing invisible lint from his perfectly tailored trousers. "You heard me," he said quietly. "You have twenty-four hours, Nott. Make a move on Claire Green, or I will." Theo cocked an incredulous eyebrow, attempting nonchalance. "Really? That's funny, seeing as you don't even like-" "Not the point," Draco interrupted him brusquely. "I'll do it, she'll obviously say yes, and you'll seethe with jealousy and want to vomit. Do you really want that?" Theo just glared at him, trying - and failing - not to glance to the right when movement caught his eye. Draco smirked. "That's what I thought. Now if you'll excuse me, I do have a life outside of watching you moon over a girl. I'll see you at dinner," he called over his shoulder as he sauntered off to do Merlin knew what. Without taking out his wand, Theo muttered a spell that caused the white-blonde hair at the back of his friend's over-inflated head to stick straight up like a ruffled bird's feathers. There. The git wouldn't even notice until half the school, or at least the students who'd remained for the break, had laughed at him. Served him right. Without thinking he turned his head to the right with a smirk on his face that quickly faded when piercing green eyes met his own. His mouth went dry and his brain went blank. He quickly averted his gaze and scrambled to gather his books, and with as much nonchalance as he could muster at the time, he fled the fucking common room. It wasn't until he was sitting alone at a table in the quiet library that he realized she'd been smiling at him. "Where the hell have you been?" Draco asked as he pulled himself up from his graceful slouch against the bannister in the Entrance Hall and fell into step with Theo. The dark haired boy took a deep breath, steeling himself, and glanced at the Slytherin table as they entered the Great Hall. There was no red hair, at least not at that particular table, which left him a combination of relieved and disappointed. "Library," he answered. "I didn't intend on being gone so long, but I found a book on Arithmancy I've somehow missed before and lost track of time. I'd bet Granger has probably been hoarding it for years and finally returned it," he joked as they took their seats. He looked over at Draco when he didn't respond, but the blonde was concentrating very hard on trying not to look like he was concentrating very hard on the Gryffindor table across the hall where a certain Quidditch player was taking his seat. "You're doing it again," Theo muttered under his breath, rolling his eyes. Hypocrite. Draco shook his head slightly. "Did you say something?" "Not a thing." He'd just begun filling his plate when a prickle ran up his spine to the base of his neck. His gaze flew to the double doors, and while he wasn't particularly surprised to see Claire walking through them, the sight still sent a jolt to his stomach. Her hair fell in perfectly untamed, fiery waves down her back, and her porcelain skin seemed to glow. She never took her eyes off of him as she made her way to their table, and for the first time,Theo's gaze didn't waver either. She smiled slightly as she passed him, taking her usual seat four spots down from him. Beside him, Draco cleared his throat and stood. "Miss Green," he began formally, and Theo's heart stuttered with mild panic. She glanced at Draco briefly before turning her attention to her plate. "Malfoy?" she asked without looking back at him. Theo jabbed Draco hard in the side with his butter knife, who gasped and glared at him from the corner or his eye. "What are you doing?" Theo whispered angrily. "I was wondering," Draco continued, turning back to Claire, "if you… would kindly pass one of those lovely rolls from that basket beside you. They look much fresher than ours." He smiled what Theo called his aristocrat smile. Claire raised an eyebrow, clearly thinking he'd lost the plot, and flicked her wand in his direction, sending the basket of rolls to land next to the one identical to it. Her eyes locked with Theo's, and she smirked, her expression practically screaming, He's mad . "I am indebted," Draco said as he nodded in her direction and resumed his seat. "You are an arse," Theo corrected him quietly. "And an idiot." "You're pining over a girl who's clearly interested. Who's the idiot?" he countered. "Twenty-four hours, Theodore, less five now, until your dream girl becomes your best friend's girl." Theo calmly cut into his roast duck and tried to appear unperturbed. "Even if I thought you did have some desire to date her - which you don't - she'd never say yes." Draco nodded gravely. "You're probably right." He grinned wickedly. "Do you really want to risk it?" Theo continued with his meal, ignoring him completely. He really didn't want to risk it though. Stranger things had happened. "A what?" Draco asked incredulously, glancing down at the lilac colored flier in Theo's hand. Brightly colored ink flowers blossomed and closed over and over again around a continuously twirling silhouette of a couple dancing in the center of the page over which a header in swirling print declared- "Spring Fling," Granger said with a slight grimace. "I saw it in an American Muggle film once and made the mistake of referencing it in passing to Parvati and Pansy who all but demanded I assist them in throwing one." She rolled her eyes and huffed, causing the stack of fliers in her hand to ruffle slightly. Theo raised a brow and asked, "And what exactly is a Spring Fling?" "Well it's a dance, obviously! Honestly, Nott, I had thought the image of a dancing couple would have been a rather obvious context clue," she replied crossly. "And you want to do this tomorrow night?" Draco asked. "Really?" Granger gritted her teeth. "No, Malfoy, I clearly do not want to do this ever, much less in under forty-eight hours. Nevertheless, it's happening, and Professor McGonagall would like all of the students who are still in the castle to be in attendance." She took a deep breath and shrugged her shoulders as if she were trying to get rid of some tension there. "I trust two respectable Pureblood gentlemen such as yourselves undoubtedly have one or two formal suits or tuxedos in your trunks, no?" They both nodded mutely. "Good. If you have extra sets that you wouldn't mind lending to other boys who don't have any, we'll be placing a box in the Entrance Hall that you can drop them in. Just be sure to mark them as your own however you see fit. They'll be temporarily altered, then laundered and returned to their original sizes and owners the next morning. The girls, however," she said louder as a fifth year Ravenclaw took a flier from her hand with excitement written all over her face, "will be making a short trip into Hogsmeade this evening for dresses. Don't worry about cost, girls; Gladrags Wizardwear has agreed to rent out formal wear to those who don't want to buy, and the school will be allotting those who need it a budget." She smiled warmly at a trio