A/N: Hi twilight fanfic readers! A few months back, I decided to join in Meet the Mate contest where the premise is to create a story where lovers meet in the strangest ways. I didn't win, but it felt great just to have my story posted there, alongside other remarkable stories, and read people's reviews. I was very happy to have had 86 reviews just with this one-shot (I never knew that was possible before! I usually get just around 10 reviews per chapter). Not that I pay too much attention to the number of reviews (as always, it is what the message of the readers that matters), but it was enough for me to feel like a winner as well. From the bottom of my heart, thank you, thank you, thank you! (I don't have much leisure time to send message to each reviewer as of the moment, but I promise to find time to send individual thank yous to you). For those wondering if this story will continue, to be honest, it's been a while since I last updated my two stories because of circumstances in my private life (that I can't easily disclose), so right now, making this into multi-chapter is not my priority. However, I do not close my doors into the possibilities. Hearing your thoughts on my first try for a Twilight contest is encouraging. I will also answer questions if you have any. Lastly, I am very curious to know what you think will happen next to this story. I have ideas, but it'll be interesting to hear yours. Thank you again, and enjoy reading! - Blooming on a Snow – September 16, 2015 LEAP OF FATE Author: Blooming on a Snow Beta: SunflowerFran (THE BEST BETA IN THE TWILIGHT FANFIC UNIVERSE!) Words: 4, 750 One … Two … Three … Here I go. She braced herself to take the one leap that would set her free from all the difficulties she was facing. I could do this – she kept telling herself. It wouldn't be too hard for her; it would all be over so fast – just a split second – and she wouldn't even feel a thing. After all, no one would look for her, or need her. This is the only thing she could do right now to save herself. One, Two, Three, she counted again. She closed her eyes as the cold winter wind wafted towards her, almost knocking off her balance. She felt loneliness as she contemplated the unfairness of the world, and wished once more that she had not been born into the Swan family and had never met Charlie Swan. But whether she liked it or not, nothing could change the fact that she was indeed the daughter of Charlie Swan. There was nothing she could do to alter that except to jump. She braced herself again, her resolve forming. She took a huge breath – her body automatically shivering from the wind – but none of the cold affected her. Her senses were numb. She put one foot forward with eyes still closed. One, Two, Three … Dammit! Why couldn't she just do it ? She didn't have to count in her head – she should just jump. Feeling even more frustrated, she gritted her teeth and punched her thighs in succession. A low voice broke her out of her reverie. "Are you going to jump, or not?" She snapped her head towards the source to see a tall man a few feet away from her. Acting on instinct, she held her palms forward and shouted, "Don't stop me! Stay where you are or I'll jump right this instant." However, instead of being threatened, the man only snickered as he took a step towards her. She looked back to the stranger, closing her fists in ire. "I'm not planning to stop you," the man said after snickering. Bella detected an English accent from his words. Posh ? She categorized. "Then get the hell out of here so I can finally take that damned jump," she responded in her ordinary North American accent. She hated to admit it but everything about the man seems out of the norm. He seemed to be an entirely different species with a strikingly handsome face, bronze hair, and sexy British accent. Why would an attractive British guy come to her on the day she decided to die? And for some reason, why does she think he looks familiar, as though she had already seen him before? But it was hardly the time for her to worry about him . It was hardly the time for her to worry about anything else, as a matter of fact. The only thing she needed to worry about right now was focusing on the jump. She turned back to finally finish the task. One, Two, Three. Dammit! Why was she counting again? As the woman in front of him struggled to take the leap, Edward took his fag and lighter out of his coat pocket, hoping to battle the cold night with the little warmth smoking could provide. He would bide his time as he waited for his turn on the building's edge. It didn't escape his notice how the woman's beauty was unparalleled to the ones he was accustomed to seeing. It wasn't that she looked stunning; it was that her face looked interesting; a unique beauty that would draw you in; a face he could stare at for an extended period of time; the kind that looks more beautiful with every second that passes. But then again, he may be biased. He'd always preferred brunettes, and he'd always preferred Americans. They say what's on their mind, and it's a quality he fancied. He hated false modesties and pretentiousness. It was too bad he hadn't met this woman sooner, not today, when she was planning to end her life before he could … If only she could finally take that leap. After a few more minutes of watching her struggle to jump – and after Edward had almost finished smoking his fag –, he grew a little impatient and finally approached her. At first, she was wary of him, and this he seemed to find funny. However, after she watched as he sat beside her at the edge of the building, her nerves seemed to ease a little. Edward took the last drag, before flicking it away in front of him. He and the woman both watched as the cigarette disappeared before it reached the ground. "My name is Anthony," Edward says, choosing not to reveal his real name. "I apologize for being candid, but I am in a bit of a tight schedule here. So, if you could hurry up a bit, I would appreciate it very much. You see, I also need to jump." Edward shrugged nonchalantly, and Bella grew surprised once she processed his words. "You're also planning to commit suicide," she whispered – in awe of their unusual situation. "Yes, I also plan to jump from this building." "No way – are you serious; two people, same building, same time, same thoughts of suicide? What are the fucking odds?" The man laughed again – amusement filling his eyes as the woman in front of him cracks. "It's just like in the movies," she continued. "It's like a film, yes," he agreed. After a few moments of deliberation, Bella finally said, "Why don't you jump first? I don't mind." She knows that this will buy her more time and God knows she's dealt with too much pressure as it is. "I apologize again, Miss, but I'm afraid that might not work. First, because I am a gentleman by nature, and it is always ladies first for me." At this, Bella grew a little irritated, thinking it was hardly the time for the man to boast of his gentlemanly British ways. "And second, if I go first, you'll have less time to jump. For you see, once my … err … Laborers – if you may, see my dead corpse on the ground, everyone will go berserk and look up. You'd lose the opportunity to jump when they see you here." This was bad ; what he just illustrated gives me more pressure than I can handle right now. Looking down at the man seated beside her, Bella assessed the situation. "How much time do you have for this suicide thing?" The man glanced at his watch. "I have at least an hour, I reckon." Bella nodded and lowered herself as Edward watched her in surprise. She sat at the edge in the same way as he was. "What?" she demanded when he seemed to have trouble looking away from her. "Nothing. Sorry, I was just astonished you decided to sit instead. Does that mean you're not jumping any longer?" She couldn't help but mumble, "You British men apologize quite a lot with your hot accent even when you've done nothing wrong." "Sorry, what was that?" Edward asked though he clearly heard the whole thing. He just didn't want to embarrass the woman in front of him. "Huh?" Bella pretended not to understand him. He smiled, and it made him so much more darn good-looking that Bella hated herself for noticing these unnecessary things at her last moments. "Forget about it. Back to the question, then," he brought up with that darn smile still in place. "Did you change your mind about jumping?" "No, I only want to jump at the last minute." "All right ... Then what do you propose to do instead?" Right at that moment, another strong wind blew towards the two, making Bella automatically hug herself as a shiver erupted. She noted how she could now feel the cold – her numbness was finally gone. Edward momentarily froze, mesmerized by the woman's flaccid hair being blown by the wind until he snapped out of it. His British roots kicked in and he shrugged out of his coat to offer it to his companion. "Here. You'd freeze to death with those thin layers of clothing even before you jumped." "Thank you," Bella said as she reached for the coat. However, instead of simply handing it to her, the British guy got off the building's edge and personally assisted her in putting on the coat. Impressed, Bella could feel her cheeks burning as the man made her feel very feminine with his gentlemanly gesture. Dammit! She mentally scolded herself. Snap out of it, Bella. However, as if to torture her more, the little self-control she had over the ridiculously hot British guy was tested once more when he even rubbed his hands over Bella's ear to warm her. After this, he sat again, this time only inches apart from her. Bella refused to look at him, and Edward refused to remove his eyes from her face. "So, since we're both killing time before we kill ourselves by finally taking that jump, why don't you tell me about yourself?" Edward said to open the topic. "You serious?" Bella turned to him with an incredulous expression. "We're gonna do this ' getting to know each other' thing before we die?" "Well, what do you suggest as an alternative?" Coming up blank, Bella shrugged, thinking, ' Oh, why not .' "All right, I'm Bella Swan. How about you?" "I'm Anthony Masen," he lied, instead of telling his real name. "I'm a wee bit famous, and I'm genuinely stunned you don't know anything about me." "I knew it! I thought I saw you before. Did you get featured in some magazine?" "Yes, I did show up in a few, and on the telly, too." "Sorry, I don't watch much TV except for my favorite series. So, you're some sort of celebrity?" Edward laughed quietly; realizing the woman – Bella – had no idea who he really was. "No, I'm not in show business. I'm a different sort of famous." "Oh, I get it,