Warriors Bond Disclaimer: The characters from Tolkien belong to that person only, and I use them just for pleasure of writing a fanfic. However, my characters belong to me and I truly hope you enjoy this story. Authors Note: This story is rated M for readers of the mature nature. It contains death, sexual content, and that's pretty much it. If you are not into M then this story is not for you. However, if you want to read by all means I hope you enjoy. Chapter 1 She has hair with waves of black the color of a dark stormy sky, with lips as red as cherry juice. Her skin is tan from the afternoon sun, with eyes as green as the forest leaves. A body touched by Valar itself. She stands at 5'9" with a toned body of feminine curves telling you just how much she is not a man, her breast ample in weight with a toned flat stomach with skin that looks and probably feels as soft as a wolf's fur. Her hair flows above the middle of her back as the wind blows through it. A black symbol imprinted on the inside of her left forearm that shows not just who she is but her status among others. This woman is nothing the Prince of Mirkwood or any other has seen before, standing atop a cliff with a black mare at her side she is a sight to behold, this woman who is unknown to all. 2 Days Ago A very small village full of close houses sits right outside of the Elvish city known as Rivendell and the only person, or elf, who knows of it is Elrond himself and no one else. The village holds a secret within the wall that surrounds the outside. No one other than Milord enters on occasion, though it is very seldom. Here the men and woman who are mortal live peacefully, though there is one who is not mortal, she is half mortal and the other half is elf. She knows not that she is because her mother has not told her so. The only person who knows is her mother and Lord Elrond himself, she has not the pointed ears, but the other adaptations that are normal to elves. She however thinks it normal. This small village soon will be turned upside down in the wake of the evil that is beginning to surround Middle Earth. Only time will tell when this village meets its fate, and the girl who believes she is mortal like her mother learns otherwise. Autumn was sitting with her mother on a tree stump looking out over the cliff near the river to cross into Rivendell. She was waiting for her companion to come and keep teaching her lessons on fighting. She now at the age of 19 years has already mastered archery, swordsmanship, and even has a little knowledge of the axe. She has learned the ability of stability through her hard years of training. Autumns mother made sure when she turned 16 that she began learning ways to defend herself. Her mother knew the truth about her daughter, her status among the world of the elves. She knew that her daughter's fate would be upon them soon and therefore asked a friend of many years to assist her daughter in training, luckily he agreed. Since then Lilith has been beside her daughter Autumn every training day sitting on the same tree stump they sit on together now. "Tell me mother, Where is Adan? He is usually not late. Could something have happened and he will not be attending today" "Daughter mine I'm sure Adan is fine just late, he has many duties to uphold before coming here. He is an elf you know!" "It's been so long that I've trained with him. You know mother you don't always have to be here during my training." Autumn turns to her mother to meet her eyes. "I come to support my only child, besides with what Adan puts you through during these sessions you need me." Lilith turns to her daughter and smiles. "Other than that however, I wish to know that you are learning well. I want what is best for you as your mother, some day you will come to understand." "You have taught me well mother, from learning the maps of Middle Earth to having Adan teach me to defend myself. You have truly spoiled me mother." "Well then I will spoil you more once your training is over. I have a surprise for you back at home; I only hope it is to your liking" "Mother you truly are a wonderful woman." From out of the trees behind Autumn and her mother, Autumn hears something and tells her mother to quiet down. She has heard the stories of the Orks raiding through villages, but fortunately Adan comes out, but not before Autumn has her sword out ready to slit his throat. "Ease yourself Autumn, it is just me." Adan looks her in the eye until she lowers her weapon. "I see that your hearing and eyesight is getting better." He says as he turns towards Lilith with eyes that showed his concern. "You should be more careful than to sneak up like that, I wouldn't have thought twice about killing you Adan." She looks towards him seriously. "Then I have taught you well. Tell me, how did you know I was coming when I know I made no noise?" Autumn looks towards him confused. "I heard a slight movement, that's how I know My mother and I were not alone anymore." "I see. I hate to be late, I'm sorry for the trouble to both of you. I need to speak with your mother though Autumn. I won't be long but I need you to go warm up by the river." He looks into Autumn's eyes and can tell that she knows something is wrong. He looks at her reassuringly but then looks to her mother. "If you are willing to speak to me that is my lady." Lilith looked to Adan skeptically but, "I shall give you the pleasure, we can speak but I must leave soon after for my gift to my daughter is home I need to get it ready." Lilith turned to her daughter and said, "Forgive me I know I don't usually leave and I would love to stay, but it is important to me that I see everything is set." Autumn ran to her mother's embrace and wrapped her arms around her saying, "I could never ask for anything more, it is ok mother, I understand." Autumn smiled at her mother then turned her gaze towards Adan saying, "I will go warm up now, I will see you there soon." "Of course milady, we have little left to learn but I want to go over a few last things. I will be there shortly." Autumn looked to her mother one last time and leapt from the cliff towards the training ground. Adan turned his attention to Lilith as stunned as seeing a newborn child for the first time. "Since when can she jump that far and have no issues?" He looked to Lilith's eyes for an answer. "She just learned how, I do not know how she has no fear or how she can do that, but she has kept up with her training since you left for a week." Lilith looked into Adan's eyes and new what this conversation was over. She finally said, "How much longer do I have with her?" looking heartbroken. "The mark has appeared on her skin, it is the symbol of your and Haldir's crest together, the tree and the black stallion showing her true heritage and place in this world. It is time for her to know the truth Milady Lilith. She must prepare for the road ahead." "Does Haldir know of her? Do I even want to know where you will be taking my daughter?" She said with tear filled eyes. "He knows he has a daughter and he can feel it now that she has matured fully. No one else knows other than Elrond. However, Haldir knows not what she looks like. Milady, it is time for her to leave. She is as I expected, she has more elf in her than mortal, and the elf side of her is exceptionally different. No one, not even elves could survive a jump like that." "I will tell her tonight, When and where will you be taking her?" Lilith looked into Adan's eyes pleading to know the answer. "I cannot tell her any of this without the full knowledge, and I will need you there so she is assured what is about to happen is real." "She will go to Rivendell first, then onto Lorien, where she will meet Haldir for the first time. We leave tomorrow at first light." He looked into Lilith's eyes and felt her sorrow and that she did not want her daughter to leave. He knew this was the hardest thing she will ever have to do, but he knows it can no longer be avoided. The week of his absence he rode swiftly to Lorien to meet with Haldir as per requested. There Haldir asked what it was I hid from him when I leave, though the elf already knew, He wanted to hear it. From there I told him of his daughter, of Lilith and why she called upon me and not Haldir. He was not surprised, but said, "Bring my daughter to me safely Adan; there is much my beloved Lilith does not know about what she is to become. Ride fast my friend." "I will take my leave then. Tell me, has Haldir changed at all? Does he still know of me?" "He sees you as his beloved, but now understands why you left and why you did not tell him of Autumn. He knows you didn't want to cause trouble when it came to his rank as March Warden. He misses you as well Milady Lilith, will you come back with us to Lorien?" "I wish I could, but I have been apart from him so long, to go back now I feel we will be estranged." She smiled and looked to him. "Care for my daughter Adan, you have been like a son to me and now I place her in your hands once again. Help her please." "I will Milady Lilith." Adan put his hand on his heart in front of her and kneeled on one knee and said to her. "Manka lle merna, Hiril Vuin Lilith." (If you wish, My Lady) "There is one last thing I bring." He looks at her and smiles. By the river, Autumn is in complete concentration. She holds her training sword out to get a feel for it through her limbs. The sword is an extension of her arm as she practices what she already knows. As she cuts through the air her eyes are closed with her ears open. She turns and clash, she opens her eyes to see Adan with his sword drawn and some items behind him wrapped in a pelt. "I see you are doing as I asked. However, I don't recall teaching you to close your eyes in battle." "I was listening to the sounds of the trees, sometimes I feel as though they are speaking to one another. You're an elf though, can't you hear them?" "I can, elves are different from mortals however. We can hear and see things others cannot, we live a long life Autumn, and we are the first born." He looked to her to see her face detailed with concentration then asked, "How did you leap off that cliff, it is very high?" "Oh, so you noticed huh. Well I just did, I was climbing it the other night to help strengthen my legs