It's finally here! This chapter is far more improved that the last once. It is beta'd and edited. I am so excited to share this with you. I have changed a lot of things and I am dying to know what you think. I want to thank Project Team Beta for accepting me in their world and making me learn things that I should have learned a lot time ago. They motivated me and they are the reason I am publishing the story so soon. I suggest you go to them if you have an problems with your grammar in your stories. They are ultra helpful! For this chapter I have to thank Mel/mcc101180 and RaindropSoup for putting their two cents in it and making the chapter better and grammar errors free. They are amazing and very helpful. Thank you for your hard work and for helping me achieving one of my dreams. That's it for now. See you at the bottom of the page ;) Happy Reading! CHAPTER 1 Party "What about this one?" "No. This one?" "New?" I nodded. It was a short blue dress with a deep V-neck I had purchased a few weeks prior. Nothing major, just a simple dress. But the moment I saw it on the rack, I knew I had to have it. "Perfect! And I got the right shoes to go with it." Alice was mad about fashion. She was by far the most fashionable girl in Forks. She loved to shop and used me as her personal Barbie doll from time to time. I didn't mind though. It made her happy and it was a nice way to spend time together. Alice and I didn't have too much in common. Actually, we didn't have anything in common. Alice was more into fashion and hairstyles, while I am more intrigued by books and movies. That didn't stop us, though, from becoming attached by the hip in kindergarten, and we had been best friends ever since. "Come on, Bella. We are going to be late!" Alice shouted from downstairs. We were attending a party-the last party of the summer, in fact. School started in a week, and everyone wanted to make the most of it. Alice and I were seniors this year. One more year to go, and we were off to college. "I'm coming." I put on my heels, I straightened my dress, and took a final look in the mirror. My long brown hair were in curls. My makeup was natural, making me look like I wasn't wearing any. Just how I liked it! I went downstairs finding Alice by the door. "Well, well. Don't you look gorgeous." She stood there in her pretty, short pink dress. It was matched with purple heels, and her stylised short black hair completed the look. She was like a fairy that jumped out of fary tale. "Thanks!" she said and started pushing me toward the front door. "Come on. We're late!" "Wait!" I escaped her. "I have to say goodnight to Charlie first." "I'll wait for you in the car." She huffed and closed the door behind her as I walked into the living room. "Hey, Dad." He was sitting in his favourite recliner, beer in hand and watching the sports channel, of course. "Hey, honey. You're ready to go?" he asked, not taking his eyes off the screen. "Yes, I just came to say goodnight. I might be late. So, don't wait up." I was blessed to have a father like Charlie. He was so cool and relaxed. He never had a problem with me going out to parties or drinking. It was better if he knew, rather than me having to do stuff behind his back. His words, not mine. He was every girl's dream daddy. He trusted me and expected me not to disappoint him. He let me do what I wanted, trusting me not to end up in the hospital, pregnant, or dead. "Okay. Be careful." He turned to face me, checking me from head to toe. "Always am." I kissed his cheek. He chuckled, and soon enough there was a blush colouring his cheeks. "You look really beautiful tonight, Bells." "Thank you." I hugged him and went to Alice, who was certainly messing around with the radio. "Ready?" she asked, finally deciding on a radio station. "Let's party!" Forks was one small town in Washington, surrounded by a forest, tall trees looking down on us. It was scary and beautiful at the same time. There was life in there: Wolves, mountain lions, even bears. We weren't scared of that, though. We had grown accustomed to it. The mystery behind the life of the forest made it enchanting. The sky was now dark, and the full moon was up. The light illuminated the deserted road as we made our way to Cullens' house. The son of one of the richest families in Forks, Edward Cullen, organised this party. It was actually kind of a tradition. He always ended the summer season with a party. Everyone was invited and had a good time. It was one of the things that made him famous in this small town. That and his good looks. He was the most popular guy in Forks. "Bella?" Alice waved her hand in front of my face. "We're here." "I'm sorry," I said, shaking my head. The whole house was buzzing. Music was loud, and noises were coming out of the house. Good thing they didn't have neighbors, or else the party would have been already shut down before we even got here. Some of the stoners were out front smoking, not caring that anyone could see them. Other than those people, everyone was gathered inside. Probably around the indoor pool. "Hey, Bells," a very drunk Mike greeted me when we got into the house. I waved back and tried to escape. "Mike is really persistent!" Alice noted. "Yeah! He can't take a hint." Mike Newton and I used to be friends back in middle school, but then puberty hit him, and suddenly the only thing he wanted from me was a date. I always viewed Mike as a friend, like a brother. I hated every time that I had to turn him down. I felt guilty. After a while, I had become an expert at it, and his advances didn't really bother me anymore. He still asked me out ocasionally. But things slowed down noticably. We walked through dancing, sweaty bodies. It was really stuffy in here. People were everywhere. Even though the house was huge, it seemed like we were stuck in a cardboard box. The whole house smelled like sweat and beer. "I am going to look for the guys," Alice said, and before I could respond, she was gone. "Okay." I went to grab a drink; I decided to start with beer. With a red cup in hand, I stood by an empty corner and drank alone. Everyone looked so happy. They were laughing, drinking, dancing, and kissing. They were enjoying their last day of freedom. Like they should be. And here I was! Plain old Bella, trying to fit in a world she didn't belong to. Hiding in a corner, trying not to gain attention by falling or making a mess. I didn't even want to attend this party every year, but Alice really wanted to come so she dragged me along. I would rather have stayed at home and read a book, all while eating ice cream from a bucket. I know – I am so fun! It was just that this kind of life didn't appeal to me. I didn't get wild. I didn't go partying every night behind my dad's back. I only drank. And when I say drinking, I mean a beer, and maybe if I want to be a badass, a Cosmopolitan. "What are thinking about?" Rosalie came and stood beside me. Rosalie was one of my best friends. She was my mama bear. She was one year older than me, but she was the girlfriend of Edward's brother, Emmett. So, she was always invited even though she wasn't staying in Forks. She and Emmett were attending the University of Seattle. They were both studying Law. "Nothing in particular." "Mmm. Are you having fun?" she asked me. I grabbed the beer she was offering me since I'd finished my first one. "Yeah! You?" "Good! Edward really knows how to throw a party, huh?" "He sure does." And it was true. The Cullens' parties were the best. Alchohol was running all night. Good music. Big house. Pool. And the fact that you didn't have to worry about the cops showing up in your house was a bonus. You see, the Cullles' mansion was located outside of Forks, in the middle of the forest. The next house was like half an hour away. That was one of the reasons his parties were the best; they lasted for hours. "I am going to hunt Emmett down. We have to get to campus early tomorrow." She kissed my cheek and left. Rosalie Hale was the definition of beauty. She was tall with long, wavy blond hair. Her beautiful face was completed with crystal blue eyes and pointy cheekbone. She had a killer body and legs that went on forever. However, she wasn't skinny like me. No, she had curves in all the right places, making her a woman. Every one of the girls was jealous of her. Her looks, her personality, her 4.0 GPA. Rosalie Hale combined body with mind. She was the perfect woman. Two hours later, I was so wasted. See what was in front of me. In need of a bathroom, I stumbled into a bedroom. This house was so big that one could actually get lost in it. The Cullens were really rich, and they didn't try to hide it. Their house and fancy cars were an example. "Whoops! Wrong door," I slurred. Before turning and leaving I noticed a half open door in the room. I walked in and saw that it was in fact a bathroom. "Score!" I fist pumped in the air. I did my business and went to snoop around a little. I was so bored. Don't get me wrong; the party was great. It was just not my idea of fun. The bedroom was fairly big. Bigger than my kitchen and living room put together. There were long shelves filled with books and CDs, with an expensive stereo on the right wall, while the left wall was made of glass. A huge window that took over the whole wall. How cool was that? It is over looked the forest. The river that wasn't too far away fom here was visible, too. So beautiful! In the middle of the room was a bed. I didn't know whose it was, but it was really comfy. Big and soft. King sized. With beautiful, expensive, and so sensitive covers. As I lay on the bed, I noticed a mini basketbball hoop above the bed. On the nightstand, there was a glass bowl with little, baby soft basketballs in it. This must be Edward's bedroom. I suspected that. He was the captain of our basketball team. Our star! Of course he would have something like this in his bedroom. I took a ball in my hand and threw it in the air. It was supposed to go in the hoop, but instead, it bounced off the wall and directly on my nose. Thank God they were soft, or else I would be sporting a bruise on my nose for the next week. "You're doing it wrong," a velvet voice from beside me stated. I looked over to see who the owner of that beautiful voice was. Of course it was Edward Cullen. He stood in the doorway, in all his glory, a smile plastered across his face. I hadn't gotten the chance to see him tonight. He was