*Exact same chapter as before. I updated the mistakes that I noticed.* So I've decided to do a 100 prompt challenge. This definitely won't be updated daily though- probably not even every week. And I'm not going to do them in order. But I'll write when I get inspired for one of the topics. Mostly Nico-centric. And a lot will probably be discussing his sexuality, so if you don't like homosexuality, don't read! Here are the prompts- 1. Birth; 2. Enthusiasm; 3. Love; 4. Hate; 5. Triumph; 6. Feel; 7. Wrecked; 8. Soft; 9. Cold; 10. Without; 11. Inspiration; 12. You; 13. Confused; 14. Affection; 15. Joy; 16. Horror; 17. Acceptance; 18. Sympathy; 19. Holding; 20. Defeated; 21. Pride; 22. Knife; 23. Overwhelmed; 24. Depressed; 25. Adoration; 26. Worship; 27. Zeal; 28. Light; 29. Exhaustion; 30. Obsession; 31. Rage; 32. Empty; 33. Anger; 34. Fury; 35. Delight; 36. Submission; 37. Infatuation; 38. Anticipation; 39. Pessimistic; 40. Jolly; 41. Grasping; 42. Agitation; 43. Calm; 44. Astonished; 45. Loneliness; 46. Lust; 47. Longing; 48. Tender; 49. Hard; 50. Rebirth; 51. Amused; 52. Broken; 53. Abused; 54. Tranquil; 55. Composed; 56. Glad; 57. Stress; 58. Serenity; 59. Colorful; 60. Coping; 61. Boisterous; 62. Placid; 63. Tired; 64. Bliss; 65. Neglect; 66. Fine; 67. Question; 68. Energetic; 69. Noble; 70. Disgust; 71. Lively; 72. Power; 73. Pity; ; 75. Satisfied; 76. Thankful; 77. Hyper; 78. Goosebumps; 79. Worthless; 80. Remorse; 81. Degraded; 82. Revenge; 83. Fulfilled; 84. Shame; 85. Graceful; 86. Shining; 87. Content ; 88. Feelings; 89. Pleased; 90. Relief; 91. I; 92. Zest; 93. Tears; 94. Building; 95. Optimistic; 96. Thrilled; 97. Dealing; 98. Reflect; 99. Embarrassment; 100. Death I'm going to keep the list in the A/N each chapter so I don't forget which ones I've done. Bolded prompts are ones that have been posted, and an underlined prompt is the one of the chapter. Nico felt a difference in the mood as soon he stepped outside Cabin Thirteen. There was the feeling of excitement and anticipation in the air. Other campers were already up, gossiping with each other before they had to leave to their individual cabin's breakfast table. Then Nico saw more campers giving money to the Stolls, and receiving slips of paper. They were placing bets. The son of Hades casually walked behind Connor Stoll who had just taken a wager from Jake Mason. "Hey Connor." The son of Hermes jumped, surprised. "Gods, don't just pop out of the shadows like that! One of these days you're going to give somebody a heart attack!" "I just walked up." Nico stated, bored. "I don't shadow travel anymore unless I have to. There's not even a shadow anywhere near where we are." The younger Stoll looked around and realized the son of Hades was right. "Wow. I guess I'm off my A-game today. I didn't even notice you." "I'm use to that." Nico shrugged. "So what's going on?" "Just placing some bets." Connor replied vaguely. "I don't really know what's it about because I'm not in on the gossip. Travis just asked me to help take the bets. It's something about a game of Truth or Dare that happened after the fire yesterday. Something's going on Will Solace and the girls." Nico nodded. "Ah." Somewhere in the distance, a conch shell sounded. "I'm gonna head to breakfast. See ya around, man." Breakfast had started just fine. Nico sacrificed some food to his father, Chiron made his announcements, and Nico held a conversation with Jason and Percy over the gaps between their tables. About ten minutes before breakfast would conclude, there were some shouts from tables all directed towards the Apollo cabin. "Come on, Solace!" "Breakfast will be over soon!" "A dare's a dare man!" "Are you chicken?" "I didn't chicken out of my dare!" "You gotta do it now!" Nico saw Will Solace get up from his bench. People cheered. "Everybody stand up!" Drew Tanaka ordered. Everybody did, as a result of her powerful charmspeak. Will weaved through the tables, occasionally approaching someone. Campers would get excited, but then he'd just walk past them, making some people groan and some people sigh in relief. "What's going on?" Nico asked Percy and Jason. They both shrugged, not knowing what was happening. Percy looked really frustrated about that- or maybe it was that he hadn't been able to resist Drew's orders. Will started approaching the edge of the pavilion where the tables for cabin's one, two, three, and thirteen were. (Why did Hera need a table anyway? She didn't have any demigod kids, and Argus sat at the head table holding ASL conversations with Chiron, Dionysus, and the satyrs.) Will approached Nico, refusing to make eye contact, and his cheeks were slightly flushed. When he got within a foot, he closed his eyes, took a deep breath (as did many others that were watching), and grabbed Nico's face. Nico had no idea what was happening as warm lips pressed hard against his own cold ones. His eyes widened in shock, blood rushed to his face, and he could hear is heart pounding in his ears. He barely registered the gasps (and groans of disappointment) of the other campers. The bet. They were betting that Will would kiss someone? Nico felt his face flush even further. He managed to regain enough sense to push the son of Apollo off of him rather roughly. Nico didn't have any real words to say, so he stared at Will for a minute, his mouth gaping, than turned and walked away quickly, attempting to cover his bright red face with his hands. Nico hid in his cabin. Replaying what had happened over and over again. Each time, a fresh wave of blood rushed to his face. Nobody bothered him until around twelve thirty. It was Jason, who just walked in after Nico didn't get up to answer the door. "Hey, man. You alright?" Nico di Angelo was not alright. He was absolutely mortified by what had happened at breakfast. He could still feel the burning heat of embarrassment in his cheeks. "I brought you some lunch." He said to Nico's silence. "I hope you like McNuggets. I had the Stolls make a run to Mickey D's and that's what they came back with." "Why?" The question spilled out of Nico's lips before he could stop them. "Because you need to eat." Jason replied as if it was obvious- which it was, but that wasn't Nico's question. "No, you idiot. Why did he do that ?" "Who? Will?" Mutely, Nico nodded. "He likes you, Dummy." The son of Jupiter answered. Nico's looked up fast, and he spluttered. " What? " "I asked around after you left." Jason told him. "There was a game of Extreme Truth or Dare last night. Someone asked Will who he was crushing on, but he refused to answer. Then somebody dared him to go and kiss his crush at breakfast. I guess the punishment for chickening out of a dare was pretty extreme because he did it." The son of Hades sputtered for words. "M- me? He likes me ? But I'm not- I don't- There's no way-" Jason raised an eyebrow. "Not what? Gay? Because you are. You don't what? Like him? Because you spend a lot of time with him, so it seems like you do. And there's no way that what? That he likes you? He promised he would kiss his real crush." "I don't like him." Nico muttered. "Not like that." "Are you willing to swear on Styx?" Nico sighed, defeated, but otherwise stayed silent. The son of Jupiter pursed his lips. "It's okay for you to be embarrassed about this, Nico. I probably would be too. But Will is freaking out about this. You just ran off and he's convinced himself that you hate him. Plus, he just came out of the closet to the entire camp at once. Half of them are teasing him about it and calling him a faggot." "I don't hate him." Was all Nico said, in a mumble. "Then go talk to him." Jason told him. "Because right now he's in his cabin, beating himself up over this entire thing." "How do you know that?" "Kayla talked to me. Will won't leave his bunk and he's refusing to talk to anybody. She thought I could get through to you better than she could get through to him." Nico inhaled deeply. "I'll go talk to him." He breathed out. Nico felt his cheeks redden again as he walked toward Cabin Eight. People watched him, gossiped with each other about him and pointed. He folded his arms into his stomach and hunched over, trying to make himself less noticeable. The son of Hades knocked on the door, which was covered in a thin layer of gold making it blinding. Austin opened the door and looked at Nico with distaste. "Come to apologize?" Nico nodded. Austin didn't move. "You gonna let me in?" "Why would I do that? I'm waiting for an apology." "Because I came to apologize to Will . Why the Hades would I need to apologize to you ?" "For making my brother homo." Nico stared. "I didn't make him gay." Austin didn't look convinced. "What's wrong with being gay?" "It's not natural." "Says a Greek demigod. Do you know much homosexuality exists in our heritage? How many male lovers your father has had alone?" "Doesn't make it right." "So you don't support Will over this?" "Nope." "You're his brother. If anyone is going to be supportive, it should be you." "What's going on?" Nico jumped at the sound of Kayla's voice. The girl looked from her brother to Nico. "This person with whom you share the same father is being a stupid homophobic piece of shit." Nico answered with a harsh tone. "He wants me to apologize to him for turning Will gay." Kayla stared at her brother with disturbance. "Out." She ordered firmly after a minute. "Get out. I have seniority over you, and you need to leave the cabin right now. If you're not going to be supportive of Will, you don't deserve to be called our brother." Austin looked like he didn't believe her. "You're kicking me out? Who says you can do that?" "Says the rules that we agreed to when Lee was counselor. Remember the rule? Thou shalt act like real family or be dismissed from the family ." "You're not in charge." "I'm second in command and Will is out of commission because of distress. I'm in charge by default. Now get out." Austin glared then stormed out of the cabin angrily, shouldering Nico hard as he passed. Nico could tell he'd definitely have a bruise." Kayla sighed. "Now why are you here? Because if you're gonna do something that will hurt my brother even more, than you should leave." "I don't want to hurt him." Nico said quietly. "I just want to talk to him. He's my best friend, and I feel really bad." "Why'd you run off after what happened?" "Why do you think? I was surprised, and embarrassed. Getting away is my natural instinct. So was holing up in my cabin, just like Will is doing now." "You're being truthful." She stated, though she still looked as if she wanted a reason to beat Nico up. "Go in, but if you hurt him, even if it's accidental, I will kill you." Nico peaked in and saw some other Apollo kids milling about, some trying to talk to Will, others doing normal activities. "Would you mind kicking them all out? I'd rather talk to him while we're alone." The daughter of Apollo did as she was asked, telling her cabin mates to go play some basketball in the real sun, not the artificial sun that moved across the sky in time with Apollo's chariot. The Apollo cabin was rather large. It was divided into three sections. There was one room containing more musical instruments