I own nothing but the OC's, everything else belongs to Tolkien. And I don't own any of that. I am not making any money off of this story. Enjoy! 60 Years before the destruction of the One Ring On the borders of Rohan Sarwyn rode on her chestnut brown horse from one end of a line of soldiers to the other end. The sun was just starting to peak it's way over the horizon and bringing day with it. The woman was roughly 5'6 in height and had hair the color of gold, her eyes were a stunning bright blue. Her sun kissed face studied every person as she passed by each man. Everything was silent as Sarwyn checked every person was ready for the battle quickly approaching the medium sized group of men who had thrown themselves together and made what could have been called an army if the had more training. When she reached the end of the long line of soldiers she rode at a trot towards the middle. When she came to a stop, two men who helped lead a part of the army each rode up, one on each side, and they sat quietly waiting to see what Sarwyn would do next. "Good men of Rohan!" Sarwyn yelled in an extremely calm voice, seeing as the rather frightening spot they were in. "We are now ready! As you know, some of us will not return. But do not let these words make you lose heart, with every death we face shows our foes just how much we truly care for our homes, our families, and our king!" She paused a moment as she tried to think of some else to say as fast as she could. "Good soldiers, even when the battle begins and you see things that no man should have to see in their life time, do not forget who and what we fight for!" She raised her hand and when she did a loud cheering from the throats of the men in front of her. Sarwyn brought her steed around facing her back towards the line of men. The man to her right, Brondolf, was the first to speak of the two men. "Nice speech, it was much better then the last one you gave Sarwyn." Brondolf smiled at himself, he knew he was going to get the answer he wanted from when he said that kind of thing to her. "You just say in jest." Sarwyn spoke as she gave a laugh, a small one, but never the less and a laugh. "You know that I can't give a good speech even if my life was at stake." The only woman, in site of a few miles, face went from being full of laughter to much more tacticful. "Brondolf, take your men and flank to enemy from the right." She turned towards the other man, Hallvard, then continued speaking. "Hallvard, you will flank the left with your while my men and I will take them straight on." She knew that her two lieutenants knew the plan, and knew it well, she didn't want to have to deal with vain deaths. "Goldie" Brondolf spoke his nickname for the woman, it was some what in mockery of her golden blonde hair. She shot him a look, as if to say 'not right now you idiot'. He quickly dismissed his her threatening look by speaking farther. "Our men, and the two of us." He pointed to himself then at Hallvard. "Already know the plan, in fact we know it so well we could do it in our sleep." Hallvard nodded his head in agreement with Brondolf, for once. "I am sorry, I just want to win with a little blood as possible... Though I doubt that will happen, we have come to far." Her face was greatly sadden. She was rather glad that her back was to the soldiers, she would never had heard the end of the story of the great leader looking really sad. Brondolf placed his left hand on her arm and said softly, "Don't worry about it, everything will work out, in my heart I know we will win the battle against the foe." "You are right" Sarwyn smiled briefly before she turned in her saddle and yelled loud enough for everyone to hear. "Let us march! To VICTORY!" Once more a large cheering erupted from the men who would soon find themselves in battle. She firmly kicked the side of her horse and they started into a walk. There were only three people of horses and those were, Sarwyn, Hallvard, and Brondolf, so the army moved at a somewhat slow pace. When the sun was at in the middle of the sky, the platoon of orcs were within running distance of the army. Instantly Brondolf led his group of men to the right, and Hallvard did the same, only he went to the left. Sarwyn called out to her men and they started running as her horse moved much faster then it had been. The cloud of dust from behind the soldiers was getting bigger by the second. Sarwyn was the first person to attack the orcs, but was soon followed by the army behind her. The battle dragged on as both Men and Orcs alike fell dead in puddles of blood together. With the first thirty minutes the horse under Sarwyn was killed right from beneath her body. She was forced to fight on her feet, which wasn't all that bad, she had always been better at fighting on the ground, unlike Brondolf. As she fought killing orcs left and right, she quickly became covered in orc filth and blood, the smell made her stomach turn and she wanted to throw up. Just within the forest of Lorien Hadir had been enjoying watching three of his men playing a nice game of cards, when a clash of swords began not overly far from the borders of the old forest. He heard the screams of pain coming from orc and man alike. When he heard the sounds of battle so did the others six men in his patrol. All seven tall elves moved silently through the trees to get a better look at the battle before them. "Glamdor, ride. inform and ask the Lord and Lady what is to be done about this." Haldir ordered one of his men. Glamdor took off running towards the very heart of Lorien to speak with the ruling couple. Knowing that traveling to the city in the woods would take some time, even for an elf, he sat down on a thick tree branch where he was just out of site but could cleanly see the battle. While Sarwyn was fighting an orc that was two feet taller then herself she was knocked in the left shoulder sending her flying into another large orc. The second orc grabbed her already hurt shoulder and flung her into the ground hard, the wind had been knocked out of her. Just as the second orc went to bring down his huge mace on her head, he fell over dead. Sarwyn eyes darted to see who was her savior and she found it was non other then Brondolf himself. He reached down and helped Sarwyn to her feet, she nodded in thanks and grabbed her sword that had fallen a few feet from her. "Be very careful of your arm Sarwyn." Brondolf ordered her, he knew that if she was hit hard enough on her arm again it could shatter the bone in the shoulder rendering it useless for the rest of her life. "I know that" She wasn't in the mood to be told what to do. When she was in a fighting mode it wasn't that wise to give her orders, Brondolf was one of the few people who could tell her what to do at any point in time. "I can feel the pain, I think I would know whether or not to let some one hit it." Sarwyn snapped at the taller man as she stabbed an orc who had charged at them. Brondolf sighed, it was quite normal for her to react like that, she was quite known for her temper as scary as it was. In fact she was scary enough that no one in the army the led even dared to disobey her orders as they might if Hallvard or Brondolf was the one in charged. The two stepped apart as they fought off the orcs constantly towards them. Sarwyn fought very carefully to make sure her arm wasn't hurt again. Even without letting it be hit once more it still hurt grealty. Just a few minutes later she heard a loud gasp of pain from behind her. When she glanced towards the sound she found a sword protruding from Brondolf's back. Sarwyn gasped as her brain made the connection with the sword and the word 'death' was made. She quickly killed with the orc in front of her with much anger in her movements. Within seconds she was on her knees next to Brondolf's side. Looking down into his eyes she saw him giving her a smile, that was before his eyes glazed and rolled into the back of his head. She sat there stunned, the lose of a true friend is not something you could quickly get over. Sarwyn would have been crying her heart out if she could cry. As she sat there in grief a few of the men close by surrounded her to keep her from being killed as she sat on her knees. The woman would have stayed there for quite some time had not Hallvard grabbed her good shoulder and awaken her from her daze. Sarwyn looked up in shock when he had firmly place a hand on her shoulder. "Sarwyn" He said shortly, for once Hallvard left off the 'My lady' he always said when addressing Sarwyn. "You need to lead both Brondolf's men and yours into the forest. My men and I will stay here and hold back the orcs long enough for you to retreat." Her eye brows formed into a frown as she thought about his words, she quietly went from being in grief to being back into battle mode. "No" She replied. "I refused to leave you behind. If anyone has to stay then let it be me." Sarwyn had made a vow many years ago that she would never leave some one behind, especially with the mercy of the orcs. She knew all to well what would happen if she did. Even now she would everything she could to never that something like that again, a small shudder went down her spine as she thought of those horrible memories from her past. "This is not a time for your stubbornness Sarwyn." Hallvard knew the woman would not easily leave someone behind, even if it was just one man. Getting her to agree to this would be some what of a challenge for him. "You know very well why I say no." "Yes I do, but you know I am right. Most of my men have already fallen, leaving Brondolf and your two groups with most of the men. If I lead my group to keep back the orcs long enough for you to get the rest of the men to the forest then you could have a chance of living through this." Sarwyn let out a huff. "Yes you are right. But that doesn't I will say yes." When her mind was set on something it was not easily changed. Before Hallvard had a chance to reply one of the men, who was keeping the orcs away from Sarwyn and Hallard, was killed by a massive orc with a huge mace. Sarwyn jumped up and went to block the mace that was aimed to crush her whole body. When she pulled up her sword as the chunk