Family Of Killers Chapter 1 - The Birthday It was the Cullen's fault. Everything was their fault. It was Edward's own fault that he, literally, lost his head for the first time in his life. They tried to kill my girl, may they rot in hell for eternity. The demon they released that day is their problem; god help anyone who comes across me, for I am no longer Jasper Hale, the pussy, the one who treads carefully for fear of offence. I am not the Major either, the ruthless killer, the machine. I am the best of both. I am now and forever shall be, the Major Jasper Whitlock. JASPER'S POV We all chuckled as we heard Emmett's booming laughter from Bella's truck as he fitted the new radio. Everyone was ecstatic that she was gratefully receiving her birthday presents without a fuss. After all Alice had spent forever looking for the right items to say were from each of us. "Open mine and Edward's next." That was my wife, trying to rush through the giving of gifts so that Bella couldn't return them. Something was bothering me though, I could feel another's bloodlust flaring. It was Edward's. That confused me, he had hunted today. I moved forwards just in case something were to happen, like Edward's control going up in smoke. Alice passed the small square present to her best friend, glaring at her when she made a fuss. She froze for a second, reading into the future and smiled when she saw the outcome. Bella sighed, "Give it to me." She slipped her finger under the delicate silver wrapping paper. I could see the fear in her eyes as the paper tore through her delicate pale skin. I cursed Alice for deciding that looks were better than practicality, I cursed her for making me help out with the exorbitant decorating for Bella's unwanted birthday party. I was thirsty and I knew the outcome of this situation would not be pretty and for the first time in my life with the Cullen's I cursed Alice's apparent lack of foresight. I stepped forward, my eyes turning black as I breathed in the exotic smell of virgin blood. Edward crouched in front of my prey and growled loudly, trying to protect the love of his undead life. 'Pitiful' I thought, the prudish little boy was growing backbone and beginning to learn the ways of the true vampire, but it was way too late for him. I could tear his body apart in seconds, even with him reading my mind. But then his emotions blasted through my red haze; thirst, possessiveness not protectiveness, anger; knocked me out of my stupor. I crouched once again, this time lower, as my objectives had changed. My eyes had returned to their normal butterscotch state. This time I was going to save Isabella Swan, not drain her dry. "NO JASPER." My wife yelled, it seemed she had had a vision now, but why was she telling me to leave her best friend to the devices of her deranged boyfriend? I advanced, for the first time in my pitiful existence, ignoring Alice's requests. As I got closer Edward became more edgy, as he came to realise his meal was in danger. I could feel Emmett charging towards me to drag me away from Bella and her endangered life, but the decades of violence and missions gave me the ability to quickly manoeuvre out of my brother's grasping hands. My movement threw him off of balance and he crashed to the floor, I planted one foot on Emmett's back and propelled myself into the air in my bastard brother's direction. As I flew towards the couple, Edward shoved innocent Bella backwards into the crockery table. Crimson liquid flowed from her crumpled body as the splintered shards of glass and bone china tore through her pale skin, ripping veins and arteries alike. The strength of the anger I felt then, I had last felt in the darkest time of my life, my demon was ready to be let loose. The Major was rattling the bars of his cage so hard that cracks were forming, and his essence was leaking out, turning my golden eyes black,, but this time not through hunger, but through revenge. The room shuddered as my being collided with my brother's snarling form. I was distracted, trying to get past the child, to get to the one the Major recognised as an equal, the one human girl he didn't want to fuck then drain dry. The years of military training flew out of the window when her beautiful melted chocolate eyes met mine. The silent defiance, annoyance and understanding were enough to make me stop for a second. Who was she defying? Whom was she pissed off with? Was she the only person in the room who understood that I was trying to save her from her savage boyfriend? But before I could so much a lay a finger on my brother, Emmett had grabbed hold of my waist pulling me down to the floor, Rose had her arms around my chest pinning mine to my side. I still struggled against them as I saw the delighted smile on Edward's face and the fear in Bella's eyes. My 'twin' pressed her teeth against my throat and I stilled understanding that my life was in jeopardy. If you learn one thing whilst in the Southern Wars it's to follow the wishes of whoever is attached to your neck, if you value your life and if not, you wouldn't live long enough to have time to regret your ignorance. I realised in that moment, that they assumed I was after Bella's blood, I hadn't slipped for over fifty years and they still believed me to be the weakest link. They didn't think I'd be capable of good. As if that wasn't a big enough stake through the heart, my father had to put the final nails in my coffin. "Edward, take Bella to my study, whilst we sort out your brother." Carlisle ordered. If he hadn't recognised the symptoms of thirst, no one else would have, and I will forever be known as the unstable new vegetarian who tried to take a bite out of a family member. Edward grinned, his eyes still black, as he went to lift his girlfriend's crumpled body from the floor. "No. Not Edward, anyone but Edward." Bella's voice shook in fear, as she knowingly pleaded for her life. Carlisle nodded slowly and sent Esme for support instead, sending us a look he followed the pair upstairs. Rose and Emmett released me as I had stopped struggling, and the supposed source of my discomfort had left the room. Edward was infuriated, he was disappointed that his chance to drain Isabella dry was put on hold, once again, by me. The child turned his dark eyes on to me, before flying towards me, teeth bared. My military training with the devil served of little use as I defended myself from his feeble attacks; instead of acting on instinct and ripping his head off. "You're trying to turn her away from me...but she is MINE." Edward growled, his arms flailing about uselessly, making it an almost boring fight. I pushed his body away from me, not hard enough to hurt, but with enough force to convey my annoyance with his actions. "Do not push me little brother." I growled, ready to actually put some effort into the 'fight' if Edward decided that he wanted another piece. Emmett chuckled, "You should look as if you are actually trying to defend yourself from him, rather than looking as though you are swatting a fly Jasper, otherwise you will continue to piss him off." Alice glared at her second favourite brother as Rose snorted with laughter. "Jasper almost killed your little sister and you are laughing. Un-fucking-believable, and here I thought you actually loved her." Alice sneered at her bear like brother. Emmett looked crushed, the guilt rolling off of him, crashed into me; if I were human I would be having trouble breathing. I growled, angry at my infuriating wife's take on the events, "Don't you dare Alice. Do not even think about guilt tripping Emmett, he's not even involved in this. Emmett uses humour to defuse situations he is uncomfortable with, you know this. And for the record I wasn't about to drain Isabella, as she is human she can't defend herself from the one who her blood calls, don't forget Bella is Edward's singer. Also Emmett is right for the most part, I should appear to struggle in a fight with a mind-reader as it only confirms my time spent in the south, as well as pissing off that bastard." Edward growled, "Like we are going to believe that, you are and always will be the unstable one in this family. We cannot condone this behaviour, you are therefore banished from the family." I stood there stunned, unable to answer, my saving grace was slipping away from me, like water through fingers. Emmett and Rose looked distraught and started to argue against the sentence but was stopped with a glare from my wife. "Alice please..." I started, gazing at the tiny pixie-like form I fell in love with. Alice turned her glare on to me, "No Jasper, you have brought all of us down, time and time again. It's not fair on us. I know the wars must of been hard on you but that was 100 years ago, it's no longer an excuse..." I chuckled, "No longer an excuse, holy shit man you have no idea what it was like," I projected a fraction of what I had felt in the midst of war, not the Civil War or the Southern Vampire Wars, but the war inside myself as I went through the first year as a new-born, not knowing whether I was going to be alive in the end of the week, "This is how I felt at the beginning, but it isn't at the same intensity as I had felt it as you're body would shut down, possibly inevitably." Alice was shaking violently, mumbling incoherently whilst rocking backwards and forwards. She looked like a little girl who had lost her parents in a shopping mall. "You also aren't feeling the thirst, because if you did there would be no stopping you as you kill Bella and drain her in less than ten seconds, then try to kill yourself as the guilt eats you from the inside." I pointed out quickly, before retracting my influence from her. My wife continued to shake, even after the emotions had left her. Carlisle walked back into the room and rushed to his favourite daughter's side. "What happened?" He rushed, staring into Alice's eyes as to ascertain the problem. "Jasper Whitlock decided to punish her, like he used to during the war." Edward lied, knowing that any story after would not be believed. "Is this true, I have told you before not to use your gift as a punishment?" The father figure said, radiating small amounts of disgust and fear. I closed my eyes as I felt the Major rattle against its chains, "No," I pushed sincerity towards Carlisle, "Alice said that it was high time I got over my time in the wars, but how can she understand what happened there if she hadn't been there to witness the monstrosities we caused and the fear we felt, so I showed her just a little of what I felt when I had begun to understand but knew I wouldn't survive much longer. She felt no thirst, none of the feelings of everyone around me, she just felt what I felt, diluted by about fifty." I saw Carlisle relax and sigh, under the power of my gift, "So how long is Alice going to be like this for?" I frowned, "I don't know, she had led a