Set in: The Capitol Beep! Beep! Beep! Katniss groaned with distaste as her digital alarm clock blared it's annoying buzzing sound and lit up her blissfully darkened room. She elongated her right arm but her body couldn't reach the small device. She muttered a string of profanities before raising her body upward and crawling across her king size bed to shut the obnoxious noise off. She looked at the green numbers illuminating the screen. 10:35 AM. She slid completely back under the comforter and cursed whoever thought that it would be a good idea to start school and such an ungodly time in the morning. The next time she opened her eyes, she saw her clock read 11:05 AM. Katniss groaned again with the dissatisfaction that 11:05 felt no later than 10:35. She slowly threw her legs over the bed and jumped to the floor. She hit a switch on her wall near the door that lit up the glass chandelier dangling from the ceiling and opened the drapes that covered her windows that stretched from the ceiling to the ground. She caught a glimpse at herself in the full-length mirror and pouted at the fact that her hair was messier than normal. She strode over to the switch near the door again but held down the button underneath it. "Miss Everdeen, how may I service you?" a voice echoed through the speakers of her room. "I'll need you to bring the straightener. My hair is extra crazy today," Katniss called back. "As you wish. I'm in the bottom floor kitchen so give me a bit." the voice replied before the speakers shut off. Katniss sat in her leather chair at her desk to await her slave, Alma, to do her hair for the morning. She hates referring to Alma as a slave but she knows that's exactly what she is to the Everdeen family. Alma has been a slave to the Everdens since she was eighteen years old and Katniss was just a baby. Alma was sold to the Capitol from District 7. Mitchell and Primrose Everdeen purchased her and she has not been back since. The Capitol is the wealthiest and most populous area in the whole country and is where all the government branches reside. Alma was there when Katniss took her first steps, when she broke her arm, and the first time she kissed a boy in middle school. And with Katniss' own parents traveling for work most months out of the year, Alma felt more like a mother to Katniss. "Oh, child, your hair is a disaster," Alma chuckled upon getting off the elevator to enter Katniss' room. "I guess I was moving around a lot last night," Katniss yawned as she spun her chair around. Alma parted her hair and began straightening it as Katniss tried not to fall asleep. "I wish I didn't have school so early. I'm sure everyone there would be a lot happier if it started later than noon," Katniss grumbled with her eyes closed. "Noon isn't so bad. Other districts go much earlier," Alma replied. "We're not a typical district, we live in the Capitol. That should mean something," Katniss said. Alma shook her head and finished her hair and Katniss scurried downstairs to the Everdeen's sprawling kitchen to have breakfast with her father as she did every morning before school on days he was in town. Katniss' father was the CEO Techco, a company that designs computers that act like personal assistants. He's been the CEO for over twenty years and it was nearly offensive to not recognize the name Mitchell Everdeen in the Capitol. "Katniss, have you finished your application of Panem University?" he asked her not looking up from his computer "No, dad I haven't. I was swamped with homework from my biotechnology class last night," she replied. "Well, get it done sooner rather than later. I've exhausted all of my connections with that University to get you two extensions already. Also, slave auctions for Districts 11 and 12 are coming up. Interested in getting one?" Mr. Everdeen acquired. "I know. I'll get to it tonight, I promise. And you want me to have a slave in college? Really?" Katniss smirked. "Well, Alma certainly won't be coming with you as we'll need her here. I'd think about it, Katniss," he replied before answering a work call. I'll see you next week," she spook as she got up to grab her Mercedes Benz keys. Katniss pulled out of her gated home and began the short drive to her school, Arena High School. She was a senior and all anyone wanted to talk with her about now was what prestigious university she would go to. With her dad being the CEO of the computers every kid in school uses and her mother a well known journalist on TV, it was impossible for Katniss to fly under the radar. Her teachers and classmates always pestered her to ask if she's choosing Panem University or Carolina University. She hasn't been accepted to Carolina yet and hasn't even submitted her application to Panem but she knew she'd get into both. Her grades weren't exactly stellar but with her parents alumni status and masses of money donated to each university every year, she knew she wouldn't have a problem. If it were really up to her though, she wouldn't go to either university. What she really wants to do is become an artist and sell her paintings somewhere far away from the Capitol or any of the districts. But she knows that could never happen. She's been under a microscope for as long as she can remember and if the Capitol heard that billionaire Mitchell Everdeen's only daughter fled to country to go paint on the streets, he'd be the laughing stock of the country. And she refuses to do that to her father. So she'll attend one of the prestigious universities and major in computer science to someday take over her family's company just as everyone expects her to. She pulled into the spot at AHS reserved for her right next to her boyfriend's Bentley. Her boyfriend, Gale Hawthorne, was going to Panem University despite his subpar grades. His father was the all-star quarterback for the Panem University Hawks and Gale will follow in his footsteps. Although she would never reveal it to him, she doesn't think he's that good of a football player to play at a collegiate level, but the fact that Panem will have another Hawthorne on the field will surely excite the entire Capitol. She linked arms with Gale upon getting out of her car and they walked to their first hour class, Digital Technology Applications. The class was intense and run like a college course much like the rest of the classes offered at Arena High are. The high school is separated by four sanctions, the liberal arts department, the arts department, the media industry, and engineering and technology, which is where Katniss and Gale are. She hated walking by the art rooms as they were always so vibrant and full of laughter and she longed to be a part of it all. The room she was in was futuristic looking filled with at least fifty computers despite there only being fifteen students in each class. There were lab rooms attached to each classroom for experiments and hands on learning to take place. It was white and sterile and she'd been told it was supposed to model what an old company named Apple looked like. Each classroom had two teachers and Katniss couldn't imagine there being any less than that. Katniss sat down and logged into one of her four personal computers at the school only to be greeted by an instant message from her father. MEverdeen: Moved your internship so you could work under Cinna's wing. You'll help him install sonic chips into the soft drives. Should be good. Katniss groaned at the message. She had longed for a summer with her feet in the sand and laying out until the sun went down where her biggest worry would be if the tide would get to close to her lawn chair. But she'd be working at her father's company as she'd been doing since she was a young girl. She clicked out of her messages and switched over to her coding program. Her classmates where light years ahead of her while she still had hours left to code. "Do you want to intern with my dad this summer?" Katniss asked Gale while looking at the computer screen. "No way, girl. I'll be training with Coach Graham. That's all you," he chuckled as he placed tiny green chips into a hard drive. One of the teachers began lecturing and the computers began to type of what she was saying on their own. Katniss opened up another window though despite all the coding she had left to finish her application for PU. She stared at the photos of the seemingly happy students on Panem's homepage and wondered if they were there because they wanted to be or if they felt the immense social pressure that makes you feel your drowning even when you do what is expected of you. "Don't get too excited about college or anything," Gale commented as he watched her drearily stare at the screen. "What's there to get excited about? I'll probably go to Panem and major in what my father majored in and take over his company and do that for the rest of my life. Maybe get a couple of District slaves and get married and raise a family. And you'll play football just like your father and get married yourself and have some kids who will play football too and do exactly what you're going to do. So, excuse me that the thought of starting this recidivistic journey doesn't exactly fill me with excitement. We're all made out of this ticky tacky and we'll all come out just the same. Oh, but we'll be so wealthy. And that's all that matters," she bitterly replied and forcefully hit the submit button to finalize her application that held minimal effort. Gale didn't say anything back as he knew everything she said was accurate about every student in the Capitol. They were all made of ticky tacky and they'll come out just the same. Set in: District 12 Peeta Mellark laid in his twin bed with his younger sister draped over his chest as he listened to his older brother's snoring on the ground. It was his turn to sleep in the bed that night and he thought that meant he'd get a better night's sleep than he had the previous night but his mind wouldn't stop racing. His older brother, Rye, was going to find out what Capitol family he'd be a slave for the next day and he was surprised Rye was able to sleep at all. He was so content with becoming a Capitol slave that it was admirable and made Peeta nauseous at the same time. The high school they attend would decide if it's students were a better fit to either be a slave for a Capitol family or if they should work one of the mines or food establishments, where they are paid two dollars an hour. Rye had told Peeta he was fine being sent to the Capitol, where he'd be living in a mansion that had working heat and air conditioner. The fact that he'd have to wait on someone hand and foot didn't faze him. It infuriated Peeta. He refused to be someone's servant. Working somewhere in District 12 though did not have much appeal either. Peeta stretched his arm under the bed to grab a small sack of money. It only had $83.70, but he had a few more months to save up. He planned on running away before his school to end him to the Capitol or a District 12 establishment. He