Year 2012. " But Professor, you are the one who had always stressed upon the fact that Time was not to be meddled with. Bad things happen to those who mess with time." " I know, Miss Granger." Albus Dumbledore sighed heavily. "But desperate situations call for desperate measures. We are already in a mess as it is. When a fire goes out of control, the only plausible thing to do is light another fire." " But Professor-" " I have made up my mind, Miss Granger. Please do not misconstrue this as an act of haste on my part. I assure you I am trying to get this done, making sure to keep the timeline from falling apart." " What… exactly are you trying to do, Professor?" " I am intending to send a message to my former self, back in 1995, about something which I once knew but had chosen to forget… An information that could very effectively change the course of history, and perhaps, the incident regarding Harry Potter could be averted as well." " If Harry was here…" Hermione answered, wiping a lone tear that fell down her cheek. " What happened to Harry was… unfortunate, but struggle is a part of life, and not dependent on any single person's presence or absence. If young Harry had been… well, we will have to do this without him." Hermione Granger did not answer. " I know Harry was very dear to you, and I know that you had been there, trying to tell everyone to reconsider it all, but… anyway, the Gryffindor Army is almost in ashes, and now after the fall of the ICW and the international Guilds, this… gamble is the only thing we have left. So the question is…" He paused, his icy blue eyes staring into her sharp, brown ones. "Are you in, or are you out?" " I am… in. Professor." " That is all I ask, Miss Granger." Year 1995. Albus Dumbledore ignored the tinge of pain on his old shoulders. It seemed like the events around him had made him forget the fact that he was over a hundred and fifty years old, and wasn't a Hogwarts student anymore. Wearily, he closed the tome with a sigh, and pushed it away over the table. Lord Voldemort had returned, and with the way things were turning out, the battle against Voldemort was nearing every minute. He just wished that his calculations and his guesses would hold true in course of time. That led to thoughts about another lone, but the most important element in the war to come. Harry Potter. The boy was a horcrux, that much was true. After the incidents of Voldemort's resurrection, especially considering the fact that Tom had indeed used Harry's own blood to build his body from, had doubled the connection between him and the boy. He wondered what kind of effects would be manifested in the boy's psyche. A boy with an enormous amount of magical power, but completely indifferent to the seduction of the dark arts… the boy had always made him feel proud. Though, the student in him felt a tad disappointed that such great power lay unhoned, but it was necessary for the Greater Good of all. I have to let him try out his strengths, until it is time for him to finally face off the monster that is Voldemort. Importantly, I have to make sure that Harry doesn't fall into the very darkness that once consumed Tom Riddle to transform him into the dark lord he is today… The new term will begin in a few months and I think I will have to ask Severus to- "Aahh!" He swooned, holding his head in pain as he almost fell off his chair. Somehow, he gathered himself up and stood, holding the table rigidly for support. As the pain receded from his mind, his eyes widened in surprise, and fear, as the truth shook him… The wards…. Those wards… it is impossible that someone might have…. He looked at his familiar, who was busy clawing and peering oddly at him. "My friend… we will have to make a sudden journey; to a place I swore I would never visit ever again…" There was a flash of flames as Master and familiar stood in front of a dilapidated cottage. Fawkes sung a tune of melancholy as he perched on Albus's shoulder, as the old man walked past the rotten, pest-infested garden, past the creaking wooden gate at the front. He stepped on the rickety wooden doorstep as his hands slowly crept towards the metal door knob, while his eyes stared emotionlessly at the name engraved on the nameplate. Percival Dumbledore. Kendra Dumbledore. Albus, Aberforth and Ariana Dumbledore. What's makes a home a home? Al- do you know the answer? Dumbledore shook his head, as if physically shaking off the memories that were trying to push into his mindscape, as he erected his Occlumency shields. He turned the knob as he stepped into the drawing room. The entire property had been placed under the Fidelius, and no one- not even Aberforth had ever wanted to visit the house, and face the memories bound to the place. The two brothers had decided to bury it all, and hence, Albus had placed it under a Fidelius, though he had simply told Ab that he had demolished it completely. I don't think I can ever raise a wand to demolish the place that holds memories about Ariana. Besides, there was another strong reason behind his apparent lying to his brother. A secret that had been kept through generations of the family line of Aldor, an ancient family which had been forced to go underground, only to come back into the open under a different name… when the last descendant of the family, Kendra had married with a young man from a minor-half blood family, Percival Dumbledore. Being the eldest, Kendra had passed on the legacy of her bloodline to Albus, and so had she began teaching him the habit of secrecy right from when he was five. An art, which lay in the Aldor bloodline itself. How many times after all, had Elphias commented at how I was a natural at secrecy…? He stepped inside the main drawing room, with eyes only towards one single nameplate on the left. Kendra Dumbledore. He turned open the knob, and stepped inside. The room was completely dilapidated, nothing unexpected at all… though he was sure that for all of the apparent state of the room, the object was here, just like she had taught him. Along with that, came the words Kendra had told him in a whisper… " When the great wolf howls in fury, it is time for the descent of the dark God…" He held his head in pain. He had taken great pains to forget the secrets that his mother had imparted to him before her sudden death, secrets that she had said were more important than anything else in the universe, and that it was the duty of the Aldors to preserve it until it was Time… It had taken him several days to create a modified Fidelius that would not only remove the house from reality, but also remove the secret with it… until when he would step inside the house. Though he wasn't a fan of obliviating himself of potential information, this had been necessary for… reasons. And now it all came back… like a half-remembered dream… except that it sent shudders down his spine… His wand came down spinning into his palm, and his hand went up subconsciously, as if it had acquired a mind of its own, as he undid the enchantment that had hidden the tome that kept the secret passed down by the Aldors. Dreading, he slowly composed himself as he turned over the cover of the tome, as his mind registered the name of the tome, just like it had, the first time he had seen it. The doom of the Gods. His old fingers shivering with baited breath, he turned over the page as he began to read the lines... the last ones sending shivers down his spine… When the great wolf howls in fury, it is time for the descent of the Dark God… The venom that bound him, would release him to run amok… The Midgard serpent shall swerve and strike, As the realm of the Gods falls before Ragnarok… Privet Drive, Surrey. "DUDLEY, COME BACK! YOU'RE RUNNING RIGHT AT IT!" There was a horrible squealing yell, and Dudley's footsteps stopped. At the same moment, Harry felt a creeping chill behind him that could mean only one thing. There was more than one. "DUDLEY, KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT! WHATEVER YOU DO, KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT! Wand!" Harry muttered frantically, his hands flying over the ground like spiders. "Where's — wand— come on — Lumos !" He said the spell automatically, desperate for light to help him in his search — and to his disbelieving relief, light flared inches from his right hand — the wand tip had ignited. Harry snatched it up, scrambled to his feet, and turned around. His stomach turned over. A towering, hooded figure was gliding smoothly toward him, hovering over the ground, no feet or face visible beneath its robes, sucking on the night as it came. Stumbling backward, Harry raised his wand. No time to care about stupid Ministry rules when a dementor is off to eat your soul… "Expecto Patronum!" A silvery wisp of vapor shot from the tip of the wand and the dementor slowed, but the spell hadn't worked properly; tripping over his feet, Harry retreated farther as the dementor bore down upon him, panic fogging his brain. "Expecto Patronum! Expecto Patronum!" Another wisp of silver smoke, feebler than the last, drifted from the wand. Concentrate Potter. Concentrate… "Expecto Patronum!" Still nothing significant. The entire area was getting ice-cold, and he could feel himself shivering in cold. He thought he heard a thud somewhere close to him and that meant only one thing- either Dudley had collapsed or- he didn't want to think about the other, more frightening possibility. There was laughter inside his own head, shrill, high-pitched laughter. He could smell the dementor's putrid, death-cold breath, filling his own lungs, drowning him the depths of his own darkness, his negativity from the incidents of his life. He could hear his mother screaming… Would it be so bad to die? It might even be painless. I wouldn't know, never have died, have I? And I would see my parents again… His eyes closed and for a moment he thought he was going to see his parents as his hold upon his beloved wand seemed to flicker, but the moment his eyelids drooped, he could have sworn to have seen a flash of blue lightning , and felt a surge of anger flow through him…His wand-hand moved automatically on its own, and his lips automatically chanted the incantation… " Expecto Patronum!" A shaft of white light erupted out of the wand, impaling the nearest of the two dementors through its abdomen, severing it into two distinct halves. The entire thing happened in less than a second, and the other dementor, seeing the impossible happen before its own eyes, figuratively, gave out of a shriek of agonizing pain as it fled away, dissipating into the darkness all around him. Harry somehow pulled his wand back into his robes before losing himself into oblivion. "Harry?" "Harry?" He slowly lifted his eyelids, and felt a tinge of pain, shutting them down instantly. The pain restarted his mental facilities once again, as he slowly opened them back again, recognizing the tuft of great, bushy, brown hair hovering over him- hair he would recognize any day, anywhere. "Hermione?" Bright, brown eyes looked at him with happiness, as Hermione Granger turned back and yelled, "RON! MRS. WEASLEY! HARRY IS AWAKE!" A series of