SMART ASS (ARSE) Okay, let's get all of the disclaimers and other neat to know stuff out of the way. We don't own this- we're just having fun with Rowling's creations. Here's another - We're from the good old USA. So as everyone knows English isn't always English. If we inadvertently use an American term instead of a more appropriate one please let us know. For example call 911 instead of call 999. You get the idea. Oh, here's a good one- If you really are upset with some of what we write here. By all means respond leave a message bomb we will answer all comments except for the aforementioned bombs, and we may answer those as well. Except in your case - we don't care - really we don't. We hope to write something that everyone else enjoys. If you don't; then stop reading. THERE WILL BE ADULT THEMES IN HERE! Not a lot, but some. If you don't want to read them either stop reading here or skip over them. We promise nothing to overt. Just a couple more - My last work posted - Extra credit lab - was uploaded twice. The first time I had spell checked it and fixed everything - then I had a computer error (heretofore designated as a picnic error - Problem In Chair Not In Computer), When I discovered it I reloaded it forgetting to load the edited version. being incredibly lazy I never fixed it. If it bothers you- drop me a line. (See I don't care mentioned above). Finally- that last point with said explanation brings me to this- It's one thing to be lazy and not spellcheck, but we using the English language. Please, please, please make sure you are using the right word - this chapter's example: There- Go over there. Their- That is their dog. They're- They're nice people. (They are). If we miss one of these please let us know - we Will look it up and either argue or correct. Thanks for giving this a try- Please enjoy. There wasn't much to do except to lie on the bed in the small cluttered room and think. First like everyone else he asked, "Why me?" Then in his mind, he went through the entire litany of why me issues. "Why did my parent's have to die? Why did I get stuck with the Dursley's? Why did I get to free my godfather only for him to have to hide?" Each why me was added to the list until the end was," Why did I get this tiny room filled with all of his broken and unwanted stuff?" But anyone who has any sense of self-worth will eventually tell himself to suck it up, get over it, and move on. So he did that, it was just the start of the summer and his why me's became just why?" He questioned everything and when he concentrated he had the intellect to incorporate data, build likely scenarios on what he knew and could guess. He may not have been Hermione smart, but he was no Ron/Dudley hybrid either. Just the thought of that creature made him shudder. That thought process reminded him of just what a friend Ron had been. Focused on Ron's needs and Ron's wants. The broom incident. The duel in the first year. His unasked but still no less a demand that he choose him over Hermione. Harry was honest enough with himself to realize that it was his choices that further fouled things up. He realized his life was in his hands, his to use or his to waste. While he was going to listen to other views his course was his own. Darkness was falling and he had wasted a week in self-absorbed injustices. His door was locked, again, they weren't starving him but they weren't exactly putting the weight on him either. It seemed as if every month Dudley gained a half stone. "Hey! Let me out of here!" He pounded and yelled until his Aunt opened the door and yelled at him. "What! Do you want the neighbors to hear?" This was the 'new Harry,' "I don't care about the neighbors I am tired of being a prisoner. And by the way, I am hungry and am getting something to eat." Pushing past his aunt who more and more reminded him of a pygmy horse giraffe hybrid. "Vernon, you better fix the freak. He's being rude." Vernon had a hard day, just like every other day he had spent almost 5 hours of it justifying why his sales were falling. Of course, the rest of the day was spent watching the secretaries walk. They could always feel his eyes on them. Just being in the same room as the walrus made them feel dirty and want to run home and shower. He stood up and undid his belt, being as long as it was it took a while to get it undone. He gathered part of it in his fist and did his best to appear threatening. "You ungrateful freak. We give you a home and this how you repay us?" Harry hopped up on the kitchen counter and just bit into his apple deciding to enjoy the show instead of fearing the belt. He was no stranger to it. He felt it before and could bear it if he had to. But this was a new Harry. "Go ahead Uncle Vernon. Is this where you tell me you are going to beat me to an inch of my life?" He watched Vernon and really enjoyed the apple. Normally they were only okay, this one was especially good. "Boy, have you forgotten you can't use magic? We know this we're not afraid of you freak." Harry put up a finger telling him to wait a moment as he finished the rest of the apple. "No this is different. This is where I tell you things are going to change here and this is why. I'm not afraid of you or the Big D and I am tired of being everyone's whipping boy. If you leave a mark on me I call child protective services. If you starve me I write Grunnings a letter detailing everything. People may not believe me at first but eventually, someone will believe. And then where will you career go? Or your social standing in the neighborhood?" Petunia looked stricken as he said, What would their reaction be if ran outside yelling how I am being abused?" "They think you are a criminal and belong in St. Brutus'." "You're right some people believe everything they're told as long as it's said loud enough and often enough. I'll start that today unless..." This is the part Dursley understood. "Unless what?" Harry liked this. So far this was going good, he hadn't even been hit yet. He shrugged, "Simple things. I get to do my homework. I get to eat a decent amount, get to go outside to the park, to the library. Oh and Hedwig gets to go out at night as well. It's not healthy for a bird to be cooped up all the time." Vernon considered this, it was a lot easier to go this far. Calling the CPS or work would make life very difficult for him, and easy was always preferable. "Okay. but you do chores and the bird only goes out at night." "Of course, I do chores, I'll do as much as Dudley." Vernon was about to agree when he stopped in mid nod, "You'll do more than Dudley. We like him. "I'll do a few more than Dudley, I'll not be your slave any longer." Vernon hesitated, nodded and went back into the den, the freak made him miss a lot of the news. Harry waited till after dinner. He did the dishes and let Hedwig out for a fly about. She seemed surprised that she was getting out of her cage. "I made a deal Hed and you were the most important part of it. Everything else was negotiable except your flying rights. Enjoy and have a good hunt." With nowhere really important to go, at least not tonight; he thought he would have just a quick walk to the park and back. He wasn't worried about the big D and the hangers-on, he knew they were up to no good. Snatches of half-heard conversations and loud shhh's while passing the room. That would wait until tomorrow after homework. "Where do you think you're going?" A male disembodied voice startled him. Harry's hand went to his back pocket, "Damn I left my wand upstairs. I've got to get a holster. He added it to his list. "Who wants to know?" "My names is Diggle." The head appeared while the rest of the body stayed hidden by the invisibility cloak. "I'm supposed to watch you." "Great. My new favorite question is why?" "Why what?" Harry almost sighed but decided to go with it and see what he could learn. "Why is my new mantra. Why do you want to know where I am going? Why are you watching me? I am sure there are others but let's start with those." "Okay. But I have a question first." Harry nodded and signaled come on with his hand waiting for the question. When it didn't come he finally asked, "What?" Diggle was confused, "What what?" Harry looked at his wrist as if there was a watch there. "Look Mr. Diggle before it get's too late and curfew falls like an Acme anvil, What was your question? I don't know what an Acme anvil is, but what is a mantra?" "It would take me too long to explain that or an Acme anvil. However, let's get back to my question, Why are you watching me?" The entire time Diggle's head was seemingly flying and moving on its own. Thankfully it was dark and they were whispering so none could overhear or see anything. Harry didn't want to spoil the freedom he had so recently demanded. "Oh, Dumbledore wants me to." "Oh? Any particular reason?" "Oh no just to watch you and keep you from leaving and to let him know if any death eaters come." It was almost time to go in, he wasn't going to screw this up, but first he had to ask. "So if a few death eaters came, are you strong enough to fight them off?" "Oh no. I would go tell Dumbledore and then he would call the aurors." "Mr. Diggle I am learning so much. Before I go in I am curious. Wouldn't it be easier to call the Aurors yourself?" A hand suddenly appeared and scratched a chin in thought. "You know that would be quicker, but Dumbledore probably wouldn't like it. He wants everything to go through him." "I see thank you, Mr. Diggle. It's late and I need to go in. But I enjoyed our conversation." A worried Daedalus asked, "You won't tell the headmaster you saw me will you?" "I promise, not a word. It will be our secret." The next couple of weeks passed by quickly for Harry. Each morning he would do his morning chores, even occasionally earning a grunt of approval from Aunt Equine face err ... umm.. Petunia. He would then work continuously on his homework for at least 4 hours. In no time at all, it was done and better than he had done it before. His recent habit of questioning or reviewing everything served him well. It was during this time when Tuney was visiting and Big D was out causing mischief that Harry took the time to nose into Dudley's business. The room was an absolute disaster. With Dudley as the example, he decided he shouldn't follow that example. It wasn't his house and he had almost no respect for the Dursleys but he did have some for himself so he would from now on