Twilight- This is the honeymoon scene that I would like to have seen in print. Lemon (Bella/Edward) chapter 1 will be in Bella's POV and chapter 2 will be in Edwards POV . Please be kind as this is my first fan fiction story. It is a promise that I made for my best friend who committed suicide Nov 23, 2013. I promised her that I would follow my goal to write and post a story to fan fiction! chapter 1 Twilight disclaimer: all owned by Stephenie Meyer. I am just a lemon-lover and a tweaker! Bella POV "Aren't you supposed to wait for the threshold?" I asked, breathless as he sprung out of huge boat. He grinned. "I'm nothing if not thorough." Edward effortlessly scooped me up in one hand and grabbed the two steamer trunks in the other. It was pitch black. Here I am, where I have wanted to be for so very long. Why am I so scared? Well, not scared really, as I have never been scared of Edward, but why the trepidation? There are dim lights coming from the distance. Edward is walking toward what I now see as a glass-fronted house. So much for my thoughts of us staying at a hotel. I turn my face and I see Edward looking at me; I cannot read his smile and he is not asking me what I am thinking. This is out of character for him. Is he nervous too? Edward nudges the door open and carries me in. My heart is thumping in my chest like a terrified fox on a hunt and Edward chuckles, but he sounds off and somewhat quiet. The room is grand. There are pale-on-pale tones similar to that of the Cullen's home. It is simply breath-taking. I take in the beautifully decorated room and gape when I espy a large bed, complete with billowing clouds of mosquito netting. Edward releases me and nervously states that he is going to get the luggage. I nod and lift my hand and slowly stroke the netting. My senses are heightened and I feel the caress of the fabric in my fingers. I smell the salty air. My breathing is hitched and I feel a bead of sweat running down the back of my neck and between my breasts. Is this real? I need to anchor myself. I swallow the lump in my throat and embrace the fact that I am here with Edward and that he is willing to follow through with my request of trying. I want to try to make love with him while I am still human. Edward is suddenly behind me. I did not hear him return. I am glancing downward, avoiding his eyes. I know that when I look into them I am lost. He never fails to dazzle me, making me lose all train of thought. My attention comes back as he is mentioning something about the heat and that is for the best. I respond by reaffirming his thoroughness. Again he chuckles but it is a nervous chuckle. "I was wondering," Edward said slowly,"if ...if first...maybe you'd like to take a midnight swim with me?" I nod woodenly. Edward gives me a 'human moment' and I use this time to gather my strength and my resolve. I watch him walk out to the beach, dropping clothes along as he departs. I am on fire. Not literally, but I feel like my skin is aflame and burning. I glance down and feel relieved that I look the same as before. I walk over to my luggage. I open the top case and stare in horror. Alice packed very French and very expensive lingerie. Someday I will have to kill her...and to thank her. I am so afraid. I am a virgin, he is a virgin and I do not know the first thing about seduction. All I know is that I want to try, and that I want to please him. I have wanted this for so long and I have had to fight and convince Edward that this is possible and that we can try. Sucking in a deep breath and realizing that I am not ready to approach Edward in slinky lingerie, I opt for a shower and another shave. I am gathering my courage for twice I almost talked myself out of meeting Edward in the water. "Don't be a coward, don't be a coward." I chant my mantra over and over. I look through my clothes and settle for only a towel, because really, what does one wear to a midnight swim with her newly-betrothed? I inhale a deep breath and walk out of the door and into the unknown. The sand is warm under my feet and the water tickles my toes as I step in. The water is warm, like a sweet kiss, a warm embrace. Edward was right to bring us here. I can only imagine how this warm water reacts with his usually cold skin. I drop the towel and confidently stride up to his form, water waist high. He is beautiful. His hair is blackened by the water and by the darkness. His skin is luminous and matches the pale moon. He is glorious. I see the defined muscles on his back and his arms. These arms have held me tight over and over. These arms have kept me safe. His back I have stroked and memorized with my fingertips. He is mine . I am his. My skin is no longer on fire. The burn is slow and deep. It burned away all my fear and uncertainty. I want this. I want him. I arrive at his side where he waits, not looking at me. I tell him this is beautiful but he responds that it is 'okay', but not compared to me standing there beside him. I place my hand in his. Our hands are skimming the water's surface and I am in awe by the fact that we are almost the same temperature. His skin is sensuous and feels like velvet over steel. I have a flash, remembering our first time in the meadow and how he pressed his face against my neck, taking in my scent but also warming his skin against mine. He stated that we were almost the same temperature then. "I promised we would try," he whispered. He seemed tense. "If...if I do anything wrong, if I hurt you, you must tell me at once." Edward was pleading. He was speaking so low and so fast, almost forcing out the words that wanted escape, like they had a mind of their own. I stared into his eyes. I Still held on to my conviction and my confidence. "Don't be afraid. We belong together." I feel the truth and honesty in my words. Wrapping his arms around me I hear him say 'forever' before he pulls me toward his body and into deeper sea. My eyes are closed. I feel everything. I feel the rock-hardness of his body against mine. I feel his arms protecting and cradling me. I feel my breasts crushed against his chest. His chest, I have touched and memorized every plain and groove and now it is more real. The warm water is a blanket. It is shielding me from the ice of his body. It is our warmth. It is our love. My caution is thrown to the wind. I feel him and I want him. His arms lift me and I swing my legs around him, locking him in my grasp. I hear him gasp. I feel his fists balled against my back. I can only imaging how this is testing and straining his normal self-control. I open my eyes and I smile down at him. I reassure him. I take my hands and caress his head, twining my fingers in his hair. I hope he likes this. I pull his head back as hard as I can. Edward takes the hint and tilts his head back, allowing me to start our dance with a long and almost brutally punishing kiss. Edwards kiss. He deepens the kiss and slides me down from his body. I feel it then. Edward's arousal is evident against my thigh. I am lost. I have never seen nor touched any penis, and because he is a vampire, I always assumed his penis was hard like the rest of his body. It is incredible. The feeling of that burn, the feeling of my wetness and of my arousal. I become embarrassed and I know that I should not be. He is my husband and my lover. I graciously embrace this feeling and I slide my hand down to his waist. Edward's head falls to my neck and he is scenting me. He kisses and nibbles by collar bone, careful not to draw blood. He is claiming me. His arms are clenching and releasing me, making me rut against him. I feel it . I feel his member slide against my sex. The feeling is like a whirlwind and I am losing breath. Inside I am delirious and flying blindly. I hear Edward moaning, and I see too, that he is not unaffected by our dance. He kisses me once more - deep and hard. He seems to be vacillating between staying in the water and going back to our bed. Edward's moans bring my moans to life. I am making sounds that I have never made before and I don't care. I want to scream and shout. I am fearless. The bed wins out. Edward is running out of the water and up to the beach with me in his arms. He will not drop me nor let my feet touch the ground. He is laughing exultantly. I feel his joy and I know too, that he will try because he loves me. Reaching the bed, he tosses me softly upon it. I laugh as this is a silly side of him that I rarely see. He is staunchly so self-contained as I know that he has to be. I know that my blood and my scent still has that powerful draw to him, even though it is not as potent as before. He gently slides his body over mine. He is resting on his elbows so that his weight is not crushing me. His face is so close. I smell his honey and sunshine scent that I so love. His hair is dripping on me and it is welcome. I tilt my head up and kiss his eyelids. His eyes close and I feel his smile against my cheek. My skin must feel like fire against his. I take my hands and start stroking his head and then lower to his cheeks and neck. He slides one hand up to my neck and grasps it softly, not enough to constrict air movement. "I love you." He whispers in my ear. I groan and pull his body to mine, taking my leg and intertwining with his. I will not let go. My hand slowly moves lower from his neck down his back and stopping at his ass. I have never dared to touch him here. It is firm and supple and I cannot help myself and knead his cheeks. I flash back to the memory of night I slept over at his home. I so wanted to make love but he stopped me. I remember his body on mine and how he ran his hand from my face, down my chest and ribs, down my waist and hip, down my leg and then finally hitching my leg over him so that I rested atop him. Even then my breath whooshed out of me! Now my touch has ripped moans out of Edward. He takes both my hands, drawing them over my head. He takes both my hands in one of his. He gently whispers that he will try, I think