(Author's Note: Hello all. It's been a really long time ... years ... since I've posted a new story. I'm now a professional writer and write my own stories, but I realized this morning that today is the day when Albus Severus goes off to Hogwarts, and decided to write a one-shot in one go. No revisions and no real plan. This will be the last time I write anything on . Thank you for your support and kindness when I was a teen (I turn 30 this month, if you want to feel old). It was this community that taught me I could do the thing. And now I love doing the thing. Now the thing is my life. If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have continued writing. This is seriously unedited, unfact-checked, and so I promise you there will be canon issues. I also went off the canon of "Forever Alive," which means some names and dates changed. But I like what I wrote this morning, enough to post it, even if I am nervous for sure. To go back seems silly, but still something I wanted to do. Also, my God why has fanfiction dot net gotten so hard with its formatting? I know the formatting is legit awful, I have yet to figure it out. So I guess keeping in the same lines as the awful formatting of the original story, here's to tradition. This isn't the strongest thing I've written, since again it was a one-shot and unedited and cobbled together in two hours. But if you're interested in reading some actually edited and published stuff, check out my profile page for my author website. Okay, enough disclaimer. Here we go.) Everyone was going to London for September 1st, so why wouldn't Teddy? That's the thing with Teddy, he didn't really belong anywhere and so he got shuffled around from one household to another. Grandpa and Grandma were the ones bequeathed him, but they were old and never understood why he would want such blue hair or why he sometimes kicked trash bins when he got angry. "You are usually such an upbeat child," they'd say. "Why must you make this about you?" They'd lost a daughter, and they dealt with it in their own way. They were family. But they weren't parents. So that meant Harry's family welcomed him in, with James and adorable Lily and scowling Albus. But he didn't live there with them in that house. He went to dinner four times a week, and Harry said he practically lived there, but he didn't. Did he. "When are you moving in?" little Lily asked the night before they left for the station, when the kids bounded up the stairs to their own bedrooms. Teddy awkwardly laughed and said: "Yeah, right." But he looked at Harry expectantly. Harry didn't look back. "All right now," he said. "Get on up to bed." He said this to Lily, not to Teddy. Teddy felt his stomach clench for some reason, and all the smiles on his face went out. He used to pretend he had two Patronuses in his chest: Dad's and Mum's. Mum's was a beautiful bird, laughing and cawing and flying around changing colors in the sun. His dad's was a melancholy wolf, sitting in the corner of the room curled up by the fire and sobbing to itself. He'd seen pictures of them: his mother's youth and vibrancy a stark contrast to his father's cut up and sallow face. That night, before Lily went to bed with her brothers, Teddy had felt the bird rising in him. Laughing at the dinner table, telling them all jokes and laughing about being Head Boy and actually graduating last June, and how Albus was nervous to start tomorrow and James was giving him a hard time because perhaps he'd be in Slytherin. Then once Lily was gone upstairs, Teddy felt that wolf. He didn't know the wolf well. He didn't want to know the wolf well. The wolf had never shown up physically, the wolf had never taken him over, so he was a lucky one. "Your father went through hell and didn't have the choice to be happy," his grandmother told him at least once a month. "You're wasting your luck sulking." Harry took a seat in his chair in the hearth room again, once his children were tucked in, and he looked to Teddy still sitting in the chair. "Ginny's going to make me a cup of tea. Would you like one or are you heading home?" "About that," Teddy said. "Lily asked a good question, didn't she?" Harry's face got that tired look on it, the one where someone poked at his past and he felt drawn to answer any question pertaining to it, because he owed the world for its sacrifice. As much as Harry Potter just tried to be Dad, or in Teddy's case Just Harry, he would always be Harry Potter. There in the firelight, Teddy saw his godfather wither from a tweed-wearing Auror to a scared little boy. Teddy would not understand this. Ever. Not really. Teddy hadn't been there. He'd heard all the stories, but he was a baby. But that didn't mean he didn't know what it meant to lose things. Just because he and the other kids hadn't "ever experienced anything as horrifying as a Dark Mark" didn't mean they didn't have their own troubles. "You're out of Hogwarts now," Harry said. "We have a plan for you getting up on your feet and on your own. It wouldn't make much sense for you to move in with us now." "Then why didn't you take me earlier?" "You aren't mine to take," Harry said. "Your guardians were deemed your grandparents, by your parents." Your parents. People who Harry had lauded, spun histories around, shown in pictures. But they were still strangers. "But they knew how unhappy you were at the Dursleys," Teddy said. "If they knew you'd grow up and have a family, then obviously they'd want me here." "I don't think you should ever compare your situation to the Dursleys," Harry said. "What was wrong with me?" he said. "Were you scared I'd turn into a werewolf?" "Don't be silly, Teddy," Harry said. Teddy wanted to push the questions further. But he didn't have it in him. The wolf was receding. He didn't want to keep prying and find something out about what Harry thought of him. He needed Harry. He needed him to love him. "I'll be heading out," he said as Ginny came in with the tea tray. "Thank you for having me again." "Say hello to Victoire!" Ginny said as Teddy left through the front door into the hot summer night. That was the other family he sort of but didn't belong to. His girlfriend, Victoire Weasley. Her mother was ... okay. She was French. But her father brought out the best in Teddy, and they'd stay up all night making not-werewolf jokes and playing pranks on the girls. It was because of her father, Victoire wasn't afraid of Teddy. But again, this wasn't his family. He wanted to propose. But they were so young. And it wasn't like when their parents were young and they didn't have all the time in the world. Voldemort was dead. The world was at peace. They were so very lucky, et cetera. This is where he stayed the night before September 1st. Because Victoire would leave for Hogwarts for another year, and he would be alone that whole time with a bunch of owls as their only connection. Victoire, his best friend and honestly the only person he trusted for such an escapade as the one brewing in his head tonight. He opened the door. He walked in. He said hello to his maybe-future-in-laws. He went upstairs to the guest room. And then he quietly apparated from his room to hers. "You scared me," Victoire jumped from her books on the floor. "You told me I had permission," he said, sitting down beside her. "Besides, I knew you wouldn't be sleeping." "I should be, and so should you," she said. "Why? It's not like I'm going to Hogwarts tomorrow," he said. He looked at her homework. "Put it off for the last moment again?" "Why is your hair all mousy?" she said. "Did you have a rough evening at the Potters'?" "No," he said. "Want to go on a somewhat illegal adventure with me?" She looked up from her studies. Her brow cocked. "You are always up to no good, aren't you?" "I need someone I can trust," he said, taking her hand. "What is this illegal activity?" He smiled. "I want to find Grimmauld Place." ... Harry Potter was a worn out name by the time the papers had overused it back when Harry was only seventeen. Since then, every anniversary or so, they'd run the name again in the Prophet and wear it out again until next time. Harry couldn't remember a time when his name was just a normal set of letters on a Muggle teacher's roster in grammar school. But he never wanted to be that child again, because no matter how little that child recognized the abuse the Dursleys dished out, he was in grave danger and entirely alone and unhappy. Teddy had never been entirely alone and unhappy. "Why did he leave in such a rush?" Ginny asked, pulling the covers back. Harry sighed, and he took off his glasses and rubbed his scar. He still did that, even nineteen years later. "He asked why he couldn't move in with us," he said. "Because he's an adult and needs to find his own place?" Ginny said. "Maybe we should have taken him in when he was a boy," Harry said. "I don't know, Gin, did we do the right thing?" "You mean steal him from his grandparents?" Ginny said. "Harry, we were children ourselves when he was growing up." "But we aren't children anymore," Harry said. Teddy was now the age Harry was when Harry defeated Voldemort. Harry had always felt so much older than seventeen. He couldn't imagine Teddy and Victoire camping out in the woods fighting in a resistance against a genocide. He could imagine Teddy setting the woods on fire with a snap pop wand trick, but ... "I wish I could tell him more about his parents," Ginny said. "I think it'd help him." "You barely knew them," Harry said. "That's not your job. It was mine." "You do realize that you were a teenager, right?" Ginny said. "It wasn't your job to put everything right. It was the adults. And you still take that burden on." "Yeah, except," Harry said, "that was my job." These conversations came frequently. They got old. Nothing ever came of them. They never fixed anything. Maybe that's why Ron had stopped talking about it all. Once Hermione had told Harry, "It's like none of it happened, everything is a joke to him. Maybe he did forget some stuff, due to all that Horcruxing?" No. It just didn't make it go away to talk it to death. "Do you have Albus's trunk packed?" Because trunks were easier to discuss. "Yes," Ginny said, seeming to get the hint that the Boy Who Lived roundtable discussion had exhausted itself once again. "I love you," he said. "Love you, too," she said. And they meant it. ... Teddy and Victoire stopped in a Muggle diner, their feet sore and their mouths dry. It had been hours. There was no Grimmauld Place. At one point or another, there must have been a Grimmauld Place. But Teddy didn't have any passwords or kept secrets, and maybe the manor was set to rot forever in some hidden pocket of forgotten reality. They sipped cocoa, even though it was the last night of August. "My dad will probably figure out we're gone soon," Victoire said. "He