Professor Jasper Whitlock: A Jasper and Bella Oneshot Rated M I don't own twilight though I wish J for entertainment purposes only READ AND REVIEW! The hallway was dark and abandoned, it took me a few seconds to realize where I was. I was back in school at the U of W campus walking the halls completely pitch black, the only light coming from one open classroom at the end of the hall. I quickly made my way to the end of the hallway walking into his classroom, but this time it was different. It wasn't like all the other times I had walked in here with Alice to go to our class, this time had me on edge and wondering what was about to happen. Jasper or Professor Whitlock I guess was sitting at his desk with his tie undone along with the buttons on his shirt displaying a black wife beater underneath though the button down wasn't off of his shoulders yet. He glanced up at me and I looked down at what I was wearing, it was your typical schoolgirl fantasy. Plaid skirt, white top tied just below my breasts causing them to be pushed up a bit making my modest C look like a D, and my hair in perfect pigtails. He approached me blue eyes so full of lust and need, I took a couple steps back as he got closer my mind trying to overrule the heat in my core that only wanted more. I felt the coolness of the door hit my back from me backing up against it, he was so close I could smell the usual cologne he wore and it was driving me nuts. 'He's your professor Bella this is so wrong' I thought before his lips touched mine ever so gently and that was all we needed before it became a frenzy. As his tongue worked expertly around my mouth he hoisted me up setting me down on top of his desk while he sat in the chair in front of me. His hands rubbing my thighs were making me dripping wet and all I wanted was him. I didn't care about the consequences of someone walking in and seeing us. "So naughty darlin', where are your underwear?" He asked as his fingers barely brushed across my aching core. "Take me Jasper, I want you" I stated pulling his belt out of his pants, he helped and before I knew it he was sitting in front of me in all of his naked glory. I had been thinking about this man for months and he was everything I thought he would be and more. He slid himself closer in the chair before he kissed my lips again continuing to leave a trail of kisses to my ear. "I'm going to fuck you now Bella, like the naughty girl you are" he said before gripping my legs and slowly lowering me down on his length. I screamed out in pleasure as he entered me. Beep Beep Beep My alarm scared the crap out of me and I shot up in my bed all hot and bothered yet again after thinking about my professor. Well after today he would no longer be my professor since it was finally graduation day and I was about to have my degree in literature. I quickly gathered my stuff to grab a shower knowing that at any minute Alice Brandon my best friend and roommate would be bursting through the door wanting to turn me into her Barbie for the day. I tried not to think about my earlier dream but I couldn't help it, Jasper Whitlock had been the death of me since I stepped foot in his class. . . . . . . I rushed as fast as I could to my next class, my best friend and roommate convinced me to take an extra class with her when our schedules both had an empty block in them. Stupidly I agreed to cross the U of W campus in ten minutes and today was no different than all of the other days, I was late. I slowed down my pace when I noticed the door was wide open and I could hear everyone talking inside as I approached through the hallway. I took my seat next to Alice Brandon, my best friend and she immediately began her usual gossip. " Did you hear that Professor Davis was fired?" She asked as I was pulling my laptop out of my bag for notes. " No I didn't, what happened?" I questioned as another one of my friends named Angela leaned in closer. " He was having an affair with his student" She said smiling, immediately I knew who she was talking about. You see Lauren, Angela and I go way back like way back to our diaper stages. We grew up in the same itty bitty town went to school since kindergarten together and all lived on the same street. We were close until Lauren discovered boys with Jessica Stanley in Jr High School while Angela and I discovered a love for Jane Austen and all things literature. When we were in high school our Phys Ed teacher was fired for making moves on a student but rumor had it Lauren was sleeping with him but later got him fired when she was about to be expelled after it was reported. " Did she not learn her lesson?" I asked shaking my head. What in the hell would someone want to sleep with their professor for, I mean sure Professor Davis was older and not horrible looking but he was no James Dean. We waited a few more minutes before the new teacher walked in and immediately stuck my foot in my mouth about Lauren because oh my god he was yummy. He had curly blonde hair, piercing blue eyes looked back at us as he tried to assess the class he was working with. You could tell he kept himself in good shape and when he turned to write his name on the board every girls eyes were fixated on the way his dress pants clung to his amazing ass. " I think we judged Lauren a little too harshly" Angela whispered from the other side of me. " I would sink my teeth into his ass any day" Alice whispered and I couldn't help myself I laughed, he turned around to see what the fuss was about. " Sorry" I said as soon as our eyes locked earning me a pearly white smile from him and a look that probably lasted a few seconds longer than appropriate. "Curly or straight?" Alice asked banging on the glass shower door scaring me out of my internal thoughts. "Curly" I replied before she plugged in the curling iron getting ready to fix up my hair for the night and the blow dryer of course. Once I got out of the shower she sat me in front of the mirror in our too large apartment. "You nervous?" She asked after blow drying my hair and I nodded, of course she would know about my hatred of being the center of attention. I hated it with every fiber of my being but I had no choice, it wasn't like anyone would care when I crossed the stage. My father wasn't able to get out of work to make it and my mother couldn't tear herself away from her new husband long enough to pretend she gave a shit. I guess that's life when you are an adult out facing the world all on your own. "I will cheer for you" She said before a knock interrupted us, it was a flower delivery. I assumed it was for Alice so I quickly ran back to the washroom to pee. "Who were the flowers from?" I asked as I took my seat back in front of the mirror. A couple years ago we decided to get an apartment together courtesy of her parents, who weren't exactly living in poverty. The only stipulation is we had to be responsible and get good grades, which we obviously did. "They were for you from your momma" She said with a smile before picking up the next section of my hair. I rolled my eyes, of course she thought that something as trivial as flowers would make up for the fact that she was never around in my accomplishments, not when I graduated high school or now. She continued to primp until she was satisfied with her loose curls before moving onto make up which she kept subtle to contrast our dark blue gowns. Once we were finished we slipped on the gowns to go meet Angela in front of the auditorium. There were people everywhere and I managed to talk to Angela's parents along with Alice's. When it was finally time for us to take our spots my heart started beating loudly as we all lined up. I hated this part and I always dread it, too many people's eyes on me when I could trip and fall flat on my face. . . . . . The ceremony itself took about three hours before everyone was invited to a dinner in the banquet hall, I took my seat at the table with Alice and Angela's families but my cell phone happened to interrupt. "Excuse me" I said before taking the call outside. "Hello" I said when I finally reached the quiet of my favorite place, the library even though I was only behind it and not in it. "Congratulations" a bunch of people screamed into my phone causing me to laugh. I knew it was the group of guys my father worked with at the station. "Your all grown up now" my dad said taking over the conversation, my eyes welled up just talking to him. "Thanks" I said trying to make my voice sound as calm as possible. "What's wrong Bella?" He asked and I shook my head before saying nothing realizing he couldn't see me. "I just wish you or mom could have made it is all" I confessed and I could picture him rolling his eyes, not at me though. It would be aimed at my mother who had always put her man before me. "I'm so sorry she did that Bella, she promised me if I couldn't go she would make sure she could since she missed high school unlike me" he stated frustration evident in his usual cool tone. A stick breaking behind me made me jump and spin around only to see Professor Whitlock smoking a cigarette, he mouthed sorry and continued smoking twenty feet away from me while leaning up against the wall. "Is fine dad it is what it is, I miss you" I stated and I heard him sit in the squeaky chair in his office, he's too stubborn to get a new one. "I miss you too Bells, I'll make the drive to see you soon" he stated before we said our goodbyes, I hung up the phone and placed it in the clutch that I had used as a purse for the day. The grad gown long forgotten and replaced with a strapless red dress that flowed to the ground, very simple but so me. I rested my head against the brick of the library breathing in the fresh air taking a second. "I didn't know you smoke" I said attempting to make conversation. "I only do it casually, I'm not a big crowd person it gives me anxiety" he replied and I laughed knowing that I felt the same way. "Me too, not the smoking of course just the anxiety thing" I stated with a smile, he closed the distance between us and leaned back on the library leaving just an inch between us. "That huge group of people in there has got to be killing you then"