The Unwanted Imprint: A Paul and Bella Oneshot Disclaimer: I don't own twilight and like everyone else I wish I did but we all love playing around with our favorite characters! For entertainment purposes only Authors Note: I was never a huge fan of the Adult/Child imprinting thing so I did age Claire to be at a more appropriate age to be with Quil. My best friend and Beta loved this oneshot so much that she convinced me to do another chapter or two for a potential three part story. I am currently dabbling on the second chapter but I am a full time working mommy of an energetic 5 year old boy so it may take a bit. Please let me know your thoughts and if you would like to see more chapters! As usual read and review! I love to hear your thoughts. Another quick note thanks to everyone who started following me or my other oneshots I love writing and I am glad you are enjoying them! You know those days where everything changed and your entire life was turned upside down. I thought going over to Jacobs to confront him was a good idea, apparently I was wrong. Slapping a werewolf wasn't exactly on my list of to do's that day and if you would have asked me before I would have said the man on the receiving end was Jacob. My entire life was changed with one confrontation, one slap and I watched my entire life spin out of my control. . . . Standing there leaning against the railings that led upstairs in Emily's house was such a weird feeling for me, it was the first time I had really met anyone outside of Embry and Jacob. I felt so out of place and in a weird way I was scared. I didn't know what they were actually capable of considering there were rumors going around about giant wolves killing people. The weirdest part about it though was watching them interact with each other, it was almost like a brotherhood. They laughed with Emily, told her how amazing her cooking was and she kept hounding them to save some muffins for the others. "Muffin Bella?" She asked as she put another huge plate of muffins on the table. "No thank you" I whispered probably barely loud enough for her to hear. Embry pulled a chair out from the table and gestured for me to sit down so of course I did. I put my head down on the table in front of me and closed my eyes thinking about the craziness that had just occurred. I could still feel his eyes on me, Paul I gathered his name was from Sam telling him to calm down in the midst of it all. His brown orbs staring into my own, the way he smirked as I yelled at him, the way he vibrated with rage after I slapped him, oh and his chiseled chest that I wanted to run my hands along. I shook my head as the front door opened revealing Sam. "They'll be back in a few" he stated looking at me. He whispered something in Emily's ear and she looked at me with a smile, it was literally ear to ear. "I bet Jacobs pissed" Embry said to Jared and Sam i just looked at the confused as ever. "He doesn't really have a choice" Sam replied before kissing his girlfriend's cheek. "Is anybody going to tell me what's going on?" I questioned towards no one in particular. "That's for them to tell you but I can tell you we morph into giant wolves and it's AWESOME" Embry said emphasizing on awesome causing everyone to laugh. Well all except me….this was still too weird. Just then Jacob and Paul walked in the door laughing and smiling as if nothing happened. My eyes locked with Paul's for a moment and he looked away before saying a quick sorry Bella. Jacob seemed a bit upset, opting to stand across the room from me and not beside me like he normally did. "Wanna talk?" Jacob asked after a minute or two and I nodded following him out of the house. We walked for a little bit before coming to our usual spot on the beach where we had always sat. He talked about his duties as a wolf and the Cullen's being the reason for a lot of them phasing for the first time. He told me about Laraunt and how they killed the vampire, a lot of little things were starting to make sense. The way Billy was so protective of me when I started to talk to the Cullen's, sending Jacob to check up on me on prom night and finally why Jacob had never given Edward a chance. Everything was fine until he started talking to me about this little thing called imprinting. "I need you to keep an open mind with this one" he stated before continuing. "Part of being a wolf is the possibility of imprinting. Imprinting is basically finding your mate or soul mate for that matter. Once you see her for the first time it's like every care you had in the world was gone and replaced with her. She is the one thing that you would die for, the one person holding you steady in this world, and really she becomes your world" He explained and my heartbeat sped up, please don't tell me you imprinted on me was all I could keep thinking. Not that I didn't think that Jacob was going to be a great husband one day in his life, I knew he would be after years of caring for his father but I didn't want it to be with me. He was like my brother, my best friend in the entire world. The last thing that I wanted was for things to get more complicated. "Did you imprint?" I asked trying not to sound too scared of his answer. "No but Jared, Sam, and now Paul all have" He said and realization hit, the way he looked into my eyes and the way I was thinking about him as soon as we had distance put between us. "Me?" I asked looking him dead in the eyes. "Yup" was his reply as he stared down at his feet and I let out a groan. "Can I go home now?" I asked him trying to gain a level head through all of this. The last thing I wanted was to complicate my life and I knew Paul Lahote would be a HUGE complication. I wanted so badly to have Edward and the Cullen's to come back to me and take me into their family as they once did. I was so ready for my future with him and he literally threw me to the wolves. I laughed at my internal joke. "What's so funny?" Jacob asked as we were walking back to Emily's. "Edward literally threw me to the wolves" I said with a smile and Jacob started laughing too. . . . . . Jacob and I walked down the walkway towards Emily's house, all I could hear was yelling and I'm sure Jacob would have heard it a mile away. "You can't just ignore it Paul, it will kill you and only hurt her. She doesn't deserve that not after what Cullen did to her" Sam shouted. "I don't care" Paul shouted back to him. "Calm down you guys please" Emily said with her voice shaking, we had all heard the rumors that she was attacked by a bear but seeing Paul's temper today and hearing the pain in her voice as they argued only confirmed that something had happened with Sam in their past. "She's your soulmate Paul, your imprint" Sam said calmly. "No she's not, she is just some stupid broken leech lover who would jump back into his arms at her first opportunity. I'm sorry but my god how many months has Jacob tried to help her and got nothing in return. I'm not that guy, I don't do relationships or monogamy. I don't want her" He said as his voice was getting louder as he walked towards the door. I couldn't help the hurt that came with those comments, tears pooled in my eyes. There's nothing like the man you're supposed to spend your life with rejecting you. He stepped onto the front deck and we locked eyes, he sighed when he saw me obviously seeing my pain. Gathering as much courage as I could I stalked up to him going toe to toe with my apparent imprint. "You think you're so special just because you've screwed every woman from here to Forks and back again. I hate this just as much as you do, probably even more actually. I'm just a stupid leech lover well I'll tell you something Paul Lahote, at least I am capable of loving someone" I shouted and his smart ass smirk crossed his face yet again. "I'm pretty sure he was a dead guy babe" He stated and if we were a cartoon steam would have come out of my ears though I settled for a glare. "I hate you" I shot at him. "Feeling's mutual" He stated before I demanded my keys from Jared and took off for my house in Forks, free of all wolves. . . . . . It took four days for me to talk to anyone from La Push, I even shut Jacob out opting to not come to the phone if anyone called or even go to the door if someone showed up. That was until Emily came to my door practically demanding I had to come to her house with her. "You're the last person I would have expected to see when I opened the door" I stated opening the door wider so she could come in. I wasn't about to hold all of this craziness with Paul against her and who knows maybe she could give me some insight into my so called imprint. "Well Jacob and Paul are both driving me insane" She said with a smile causing me to smile in return. "They sent you to do their dirty work" I said and she laughed. "No, more like I hate to see anyone of the guys hurting and right now Jacob is hurting at the loss of his best friend and Paul is hurting because of the rejection that he feels" She stated taking a seat across from me. "He rejected me. He didn't even give me a second to swallow the information, he just threw Edward in my face and told me he hated me. He was the one who said he didn't want me" I said in my defense. "I know Bella and I promise you I understand. But as an imprint who was thrown into this without any warning and with no previous knowledge of anything supernatural we wanted you to know that you're not alone in all of this. You have us" She explained. "Who's we?" I asked and she smiled again. "Kim and I, she is Jared's imprint though I am sure there will be some new additions to the pack soon which could mean more imprints" She answered. "I came over here to tell you Kim and I were getting together tonight to hang out and do a little baking, girl stuff. She suggested I invite you" "I appreciate her thinking of me but I'm not ready to see Paul or Jake yet and they are always around your place" I answered. "That's fine, it was totally up to you Bella but Jacob is patrolling tonight so he won't be around. Knowing all of the other guys they will be around just to eat the food" She stated with a laugh and stood up to leave. "Thanks for thinking of me but I'll have to pass