AN- Hello, this is a rewrite of my original "Little Piece of Forever" fan fiction. The story itself is the same, but, as you can tell, I've doubled the word count. Simply, I hope that the extra detail makes the story better for the reader. For those of you following "Little Piece of Forever Extended", it is my top priority after Megitsune is complete. In fact, it will be my focus for National Novel Writing Month this year. You all should hopefully be seeing some fresh work by the end of the year. If you are not following Megitsune, please think about giving it a chance. I am very proud of this story. It is at 53,000+ words, 100+ pages, and, frankly, some of the best work I've done in a good long while. I've done my very best to make it accessible to all readers, so give it one chapter if you're feeling brave. Anyway, thanks for reading, and please review. This story contains adult language and subject matters. All publicly recognizable characters, settings, trademarks, and companies are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot (honestly, there is not much of either of these) are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. See fair use act for further information. "Bella! Bella!" My overly exuberant pixie of a sister came running and screaming through our mansion of a house up to my bedroom door. She bounced anxiously at the threshold, waiting for my permission to enter. When I gave the okay, she pounced onto the bed from her position at the door in a pirouette that would make any professional ballet dancer jealous. I joined her on the bed as quickly as my human body would allow with relative safety. Now sitting criss-cross applesauce, I asked, "What is so important about my future this time?" in my 'appeasing Alice' tone. I use this tone far too often. Alice often gets overly excited about mundane parts of the future. "Oh, Bella, it's so wonderful! And horrible! At the same time!" She squealed painfully loud. "I'm going to miss you, but I won't actually… because none of this will have happened, and…" I stopped her in her tracks by covering up her mouth with my hand; this was probably not a brilliant idea since my hand is very warm, very human, and pumping with the blood that my vampire sister needs to survive. However, in order to save myself a migraine, I had to shut her the fuck up. She can sometimes (mostly to the non-human parts of the family who can actually focus for the extended period of time) prattle on for days. I don't have the patience for that shit on the best of days. "Start at the beginning, and spare no details." I advised as I took my hand away. She took a deep breath and began, "We are going to send you back in time to rescue your vampire mates!" I quirked an eyebrow upward in confusion. "So, they're currently dead?" "Well, as good as…" She paused as her eyes clouded in what was clearly a dark, disturbing vision. "Anyway, you're going to save them from ever going through that, so it doesn't matter! It will never have happened." "I legitimately have no idea what you're talking about." I muttered under my breath in anger. "Are you talking about time travel? Is that even real?" She huffed and crossed her arms over her chest. "Are vampires even real, Isabella?" "UGH!" I threw my arms up in the air in frustration. "You know that I hate my full name, Alice!" I paused to breathe for a moment and calmed myself the fuck down. "Okay, tell me what's going on. I'm listening." "Go ahead and consider your mates dead." She paused. I nodded. "Okay. Got it. Why the hell does this matter? I can be perfectly content like you and Edward…" "Because they are only dead in this timeline." She let the realization dawn on me. With a sigh, I told her to continue to elaborate. "There is an upcoming celestial event that will allow a witch to send you back in time. You won't need to live as a vampire in an open, but loving, relationship because you will get to be with your mates this way. Your true mates, Bella!" "So, you're telling me that I'm going to go back in time, rescue a couple of vampiric strangers, and transport them back to our time?" I asked feeling absolutely stupid. She shook her head. "There is only one way to come forward in time, Bella." Well, shit. "So, I'll be a vampire before the Cullen family is the Cullen family, then?" "Yes." She answers calmly. "I only have one more question, then." I whisper to her. "What?" She asks. I lean in close to her ear and mutter. "How did you see my future if we're creating a new timeline?" "Uhh… SO, you're not concerned about being a part of a triad?" She hedged. "I'm going to take this as a hint that there is a vampire me running around out there somewhere." I take note of the date for future reference, and I sigh in resignation. Never bet against Alice. If she wasn't telling, I doubt she ever would. Then, I pointed to my face in agitation. "Alice, I've been practically raised by vampires. Don't you remember? I know all about vampire dynamics. Triads included." "Yes, yes. I know, but living with us and being a vampire is entirely different. There are all sorts of instincts and nuances that you aren't privy to, and you won't be until you're one of us." She shook her head in exasperation, eyes locked onto my blushing cheeks. Her eyes were dark. "You'll understand soon enough." I slowly stood up and opened the window to my room. Lovely, since it's winter in Forks, Washington. I wrapped a blanket around myself in order to keep warm. "Alice, you need to feed. We'll finish this conversation later. Go hunt" "We can't." She announced with a lick to her lips. "This vision was a crystal clear one. It even had a calendar in the background. Your vampire self only informed me of this decision with about 16 hours' notice." She seemed to wrestle with her words for a moment, like she didn't want to tell me something, or she didn't know how to say what she wanted. "You'll be in the past by midnight tonight. We need to get things ready." "Well, how the hell are we supposed to find a witch on short notice?" I queried in irritation. My vampire self was already pissing me off. "It's funny that you should ask that because she just showed up in our yard." Alice announced, and I ran to my window in order to discover who the witch might be. Low and behold, smack dab in the middle of our yard stood Angela Webber, a close friend from High School. We both graduated together in May and decided to take a year off school to decide what we wanted to do. Well, she took the time to find herself. I took the time because I intended to be a vampire before the next school year was over. "Bellllla!" Alice chimed beside me as she attempted to wave her hands in my periphery. "We have to get things ready, remember?" "What are you talking about, Alice?" I grunted at her. "I can't just leave?" My sister huffed. "You're going into the past, remember? We can't just send you in jeans and a t-shirt. It could absolutely destroy the timeline! We have to think about the butterfly effect. You could potentially smash a butterfly in the past and destroy the entire human race." "Right, except, we already know that my vampire self is living in this time, so…" I gestured my hand in circles trying to get her to understand. "You know what I mean, Bella! You need to go in period clothing." I imagined in my head her inner debate about the clothing she would like to actually send me in, but, given the time constraints, I imagined we would have to make due with something that was prefabricated. "We can only hope that you get picked up by your mates shortly after getting there. If it were to be someone else, well, let's not think about that!" At 11:59 p.m., I was sent back to 1896. After a blinding flash of light, I opened my eyes to a dark room. I looked around and saw no one, but I could somehow tell that somebody would be coming. In near-darkness, I searched my surroundings in order to discover my location. It seemed to be a barn of some sort, but, when I entered a stall and glanced out a small window, I saw no farmhouse within sight, or even any signs of human inhabitation in shouting range. I heard the barn door open, and, instantly, I was on my guard. I let my gift surround the stall I was in, but it couldn't hide my heartbeat. My heart was hammering a mile a minute as I heard two sets of footsteps enter and begin to search the structure. Clearly, they knew I was hiding here because they visited my stall last. During the entire search, I heard no voices, but, then again, vampires don't need to speak at human volumes to hear one another, do they? The door to the stall that I was located in slowly opened, and I attempted to take a deep calming breath. I nearly vomited instead. A blonde vampire with hair down to his chin jolted forward and immediately fell to the floor, clutching his head in agony. His companion, a man with short, brown hair and a cocky grin, laughed. "I told you that this one was special, major. You should listen to me next time." He glanced at me timidly. "May I join you, my lady?" It took a moment of concentration to take down my shield for some reason. Then again, I haven't had to allow either of these two through my shields before. I would have to keep that in mind for the future. Soon, both vampires stood before me, hands up and necks bared to show that they meant me no harm. Not being a vampire myself, I felt odd trying to sniff either of their necks. Instead, I gently touched three fingers from my lips to the nape of their necks. Straight up Hunger Games style. They didn't know that, anyway. When the formality of their "submissiveness" was over, the brown haired, non-writhing in pain vampire spoke. "I told you that she had a power, Major." He grinned. "Maybe, you should listen to me next time." He stepped closer to me and took my hand gently in his hand. He brought it to his lips and kissed it, lingering there a little too long to simply be casual. "Pleasure to meet you, darlin'. It seems that we've been waiting a long time to meet you. I'm Peter. Can't remember my human last name, so I've used Whitlock for my whole immortal life. Seemed fitting since Jasper changed me and we realized that we would be part of a triad. I hope that you can agree." Stunned, I nodded in agreement. "This is a very dangerous place for you to have turned up, but, luckily, we aren't expected back within Maria's ranks for a few days." The blond spoke while stepping forward and performing the same gesture as Peter. "The name's Jasper, by the way." Clearly the talker of the group, Peter spoke up once again. "We should get going. Maria always sends someone to check on our scouting missions, and, heaven forbid, she move ahead with the raid without our go