A/N: Here is the next story of the life of Aurora Black. I hope you enjoy it! Chapter 1: Summer "Wake up, Aurora!" a voice yelled in my ear. I muttered something unintelligent and turned the other way. I was having a wonderful dream and nobody in his right mind should interrupt it! I mean it. "Come on, Aurora, wake up," the voice yelled again. I put my head under the blankets. Leave, leave, leave, … I chanted in my head. But of course, the universe hates me and the voice stays. And then, my blanket is gone. Chills were running down my spine. Somebody stole my blanket. I tried to reach for it at my feet but I couldn't find it. In the attempt to get to cold away, I rolled up. The voice was gone, the cold a little, so I went back to my wonderful dream. Now , where was I? SPLASH! I shot right up in my bed, dripping. I was wet, cold, my dream was gone, so who did this was going to pay. I heard laughter by my door and turned that way. My eyes found the blue eyes of my uncle. "What the hell!" I screamed. "language, Aurora!" he said with a hint of laughter, "I couldn't wake you up, so this was my last resort." "There are tons of other ways! But I'm not going to tell you, I'm going to kill you! Why? I was having a fantastic dream and you ruined it! You better have a good reason for this! I'm freezing and it's summer. Why did you wake me up this early?" I said glaring. "Like I said, I couldn't wake you up, and put more clothes on, then you wouldn't be freezing. Now get ready, you have to be ready in one hour! The Weasleys are expecting you. Or has this slipped your mind?" he said in a calm way but I could see he was trying not to laugh. "Fine, but you still could have woke me up in another way!" I mumbled. "Now where's the fun in that?" he asked me smirking. "Having dad back in our lives, is a very bad idea! You are worse than you were before!" I said to him. He just grinned at me, "It's the wolf in me, it's close to the full moon." "Fine, whatever, just get out so I can shower and change." "But you already had your shower." "Argh, OUT NOW!" I yelled. He laughed and walked out of my room. I got out of bed and walked to the bathroom. I took a quick shower and went to stand in front of the mirror. Last year, my hair was red but it was turning darker. It was now dark red and I liked it better like this. My hair was shorter now, but not too short. Before it reached the middle of my back, now it was a little higher, it was till long. I also got myself a fringe. It made me look older. I'm 14 years old now, it was time for a change. I braided my hair sideways and went to put on my clothes. I had lay them out yesterday, so I didn't had to look for an outfit now. A jeans skirt, a green top and a black cardigan. I looked around the bathroom to see if I haven't forgotten anything. Satisfied, I walked to my room and did the same thing. I had everything packed yesterday. My trunk was ready for another school year. But first I was going to spend the rest of the summer at the Weasleys. Their son, Ron, was one of my best friends. His dad got tickets for the Quidditch Final and he invited me along. Uncle Moony said I could go, he was going to help dad. Did I mention my dad was a mass murderer? Well, he really didn't kill anybody, but they didn't believe me when I said this. And with they, I mean the Ministry. I finally got my father back at the end of last year, but our plans were ruined and now he's on the run. Again. I really hoped we could be together for now on, but it wasn't meant to be. Ok, Aurora, stop thinking about that! In a few minutes, I was going to be at the Weasleys and it was going to be so much fun! Spending time with my best friends. There was a knock on my door and uncle Moony came in my room. "Are you ready?" he asked. "Yes." He took my trunk and we walked to the fireplace. He lit a fire, threw in some Floo powder, places my trunk in the fireplace and turned to me. He took me in a hug. "I'm going to miss you! It's going to be so quit without you here. I hope you have fun! And be careful!" "I know, I'm going to miss you to! Tell dad I love him and I miss him. Oh, I love you to, uncle Moony! I promise I'll be careful and I promise I will behave." I said. We let go and I stepped into the fireplace. "The Burrow!" I shouted and the last thing I saw, were the blue eyes of my uncle Moony. Thank God, I'm used to travel like this, otherwise I would fall down. With grace, I walked out of the fireplace and looked around. There were a lot of red hairs here. I felled right at home. It felt cozy even with all these people here. "Aurora, you made it!" somebody said. I turned the voice and smiled. "Of course, Ron, wouldn't miss it for the world!" I walked to him and hugged him. Just like last time, he hugged me back after he got over the shock. "Fair lady," "It has been," "To long!" I turned to the twins and laughed. "Fred, George, it's good to see you two again!" I walked to them and give them both a kiss on the cheek. "Aurora, I like to you to meet the rest of the family," Ron said and he pointed to everyone when he spoke out their names. "This is Bill, the oldest." Bill waved and I smiled back. He was cool. He looked like a really relaxed guy. He was tall, with long hair that he had tied back in a ponytail. He was wearing an earring with what looked like a fang dangling from it. Bill's clothes would not have looked out of place at a rock concert, except that I recognized his boots to be made, not of leather, but of dragon hide. "This is Charlie, works with Dragons." Charlie gave me a dazzling smile and I winked back. He laughed. Charlie was really nice looking, too bad he was older than me. Charlie was built like the twins, shorter and stockier than Percy and Ron, who were both long and lanky. He had a broad, good-natured face, which was weather-beaten and so freckly that he looked almost tanned; his arms were muscular, and one of them had a large, shiny burn on it. "You know the rest already." Ron finished. "Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, for inviting me and letting me stay the rest of the summer. I promise I will be on my best behavior." I said to them. "It was nothing dear, please sit. I will take you trunk upstairs and you can wait here." Mrs. Weasley said. "Thank you, Mrs. Weasley." "Boys, it's time to get Harry." Mr. Weasley said. Ron, Fred and George went to stand next to Mr. Weasley. One by one they left. "So you are Aurora Black," Bill said, raising an eyebrow. "Yes, got a problem with that?" I said back, glaring. "No, not at all. Ron likes you, the twins like you. So far, you haven't given me a reason to hate you so…" Charlie said. "I could say the same things about you!" I said. "Let's get to know eachother and then we can decided on who's bad and who's good." Bill said. I smirked. "Are you sure you would like to get to know me? Maybe you don't like what you will find out." I winked. They laughed. "We'll take our chances." Charlie said. I smiled and took place at the table. They were staring at me and it was creeping me out. "Is Ginny home?" I asked, just to keep busy. "Yes, she's upstairs." Bill answered. "And Percy?" "He's upstairs, working on a report for the Ministry." Charlie said. "He's working there? Really? Well better him than me. Don't think I would be welcome there." I said. Charlie was about to answer when the fireplace lit up and Fred came out. He was grinning. "Ok, what have you done?" Bill asked. "Why do you think I did anything?" he asked sweetly. "The look on your face Fred," I said to him. "How do you know I'm Fred, maybe I'm George," he said to me. "Really, are we going to there again?" I smirked back. Then George and a trunk showed up. He was grinning to. "Now we know you really did something!" Charlie said. "Don't know what you're talking about." George said. "Offcourse not," I said back. Ron came out of the fireplace and he was grinning to. "What was that?" he asked the twins. "Ton-Tongue Toffee," said Fred brightly. "George and I invented them." Ron laughed. "Brilliant." They went to sit at the table. we all looked at the fireplace waiting for Harry to show up. Harry showed up, almost falling to his face. Fred stoop up and went to him. "Did he eat it?" said Fred excitedly, holding out a hand to pull Harry to his feet. "Yeah," said Harry, straightening up. "What was it?" "Ton-Tongue Toffee," said Fred brightly. "George and I invented them, and we've been looking for someone to test them on all summer…" The tiny kitchen exploded with laughter; Harry looked around. "How're you doing, Harry?" Charlie said. Bill got to his feet, smiling, and also shook Harry's hand. I stood up and went to give him a hug. "I missed you, Harry." I said in his ear. "I missed you to, Aurora." He said back. We let go and smiled. Before any of us could say anything else, there was a faint popping noise, and Mr. Weasley appeared out of thin air at George's shoulder. He was looking angry. "That wasn't funny Fred!" he shouted. "What on earth did you give that Muggle boy?" "I didn't give him anything," said Fred, with another evil grin. "I just dropped it… It was his fault he went and ate it, I never told him to." "You dropped it on purpose!" roared Mr. Weasley. "You knew he'd eat it, you knew he was on a diet -" "How big did his tongue get?" George asked eagerly. "It was four feet long before his parents would let me shrink it!" Harry, the Weasleys and me roared with laughter again. "It isn't funny!" Mr. Weasley shouted. "That sort of behavior seriously undermines wizard-Muggle relations! I spend half my life campaigning against the mistreatment of Muggles, and my own sons." "We didn't give it to him because he's a Muggle!" said Fred indignantly. "No, we gave it to him because he's a great bullying git," said George. "Isn't he, Harry?" "Yeah, he is, Mr. Weasley," said Harry earnestly. "That's not the point!" raged Mr. Weasley. "You wait until I tell your mother -" "Tell me what?" said a voice behind us. Mrs. Weasley had just entered the kitchen. Her eyes were presently narrowed with suspicion. "Oh hello, Harry, dear," she said, spotting him and smiling. Then her eyes snapped back to her husband. "Tell me what, Arthur?" Mr. Weasley hesitated. I could tell that, however angry he was with Fred and George, he hadn't really intended to tell Mrs. Weasley what had happened. There