71st Hunger Games (Haymitch POV) She was beautiful there was no denying it, she was 18, I wouldn't be doing anything illegal, however she was a tribute and she could very well be dead tomorrow. So for tonight the pros out weigh the cons, I thought as she rapped softly on the door once again. I opened it to find a disheveled blonde haired, brown eyed, Eden. "Can't sleep?" I slurred. "I just um, I don't know, this was a bad idea." She said turning to leave. I caught her arm, "stop second guessing yourself, you came all the way here, you might as well stay." I whispered causing her to shiver. "I only had to walk down the hall," She laughed, her lone dimple appearing on her left cheek. I wrapped my arms around her slender abdomen and pulled her inside, she giggled wildly. "Shh," I scolded smiling slightly myself. The last thing I needed was Effie barging in demanding an explanation. "So what can I do for you?" "I just don't want to be alone," she replied sweetly perching her perfect ass on the edge of my bed and flopping onto her back. Her straight locks spilling across the furry comforter, t-shirt rising up slightly to expose her simple pink panties causing me to swallow loudly. I picked up the bottle I'd been drinking from and plopped down next to her. "So what do you normally do at night, seeing as you sleep all day." She teased. "Well normally I watch tv and drink until I pass out but I was actually trying to get some sleep tonight seeing as tomorrow I'll be signing all the deals with your sponsors and trying to reel in potential prospects." "That shouldn't take long on my end at least." "Why's that?" "I don't think I'll be getting many parachutes. No one's going to sponsor me." "Eden people love you." I tell her truthfully, she's had people asking to sponsor since the reaping, most of them being horny older men, but a sponsor is a sponsor. "Right," she scoffed rolling her eyes. "Would I lie to you?" I asked innocently. "Yes," she smirked. "Yeah I guess I would", I chuckled taking another swig of white wine. Everything about her was inviting, her strawberry scented hair, her warm chocolate eyes, the innocent blush that crept across her cheeks, her soft hands, long legs, the way her breasts slowly rise and fall when she breathes, the way she always smells of daisies, but most of all her personality, her ability to make even President Snow smile with her sarcastic sense of humor. "I don't have a chance," she sighed. "I'll make sure you get what you need even if I have to sponsor you myself," I said forcefully. She leaned up on her elbows to look at me but I wouldn't meet her gaze. "Since when do you care?" "I've always cared", I sneered defensively. "Sorry", she apologized still looking a bit surprised. "It's just hard to tell when you parade around drunk all the time." I stood, slamming the now empty bottle on the bedside table, running my hands over my face. "I don't want to fight Haymitch." "You could have fooled me", I brushed her off. She sighed prying my hands from my face. We stared at each other for a moment before she leaned up and kissed me lightly. I grabbed the back of her head, some what forcefully, holding her there. Her hands went to my face, caressing it softly. "There is one thing I want to do before I die." She whispered around my lips. I arched an eyebrow before kissing her again, massaging her scalp. She sighed molding her body to mine. I ran my hand down her back squeezing her ass causing her to moan softly into my mouth. I laid her slowly on the bed, she wrapped her smooth legs around my waist, inviting me closer. She fumbled with the buttons on my shirt and eventually managing to slide it over my shoulders, playing with the the hair on my chest, which repulsed most women but caused her to smile. "What?" I asked. "It's just so Haymitch", she replied continuing to run her fingers through it. Kissing her was unlike anything else, it made my feel young, happy even. She was inexperienced that much was clear, sometimes she forgot to breathe, then about thirty seconds later she would break away gasping for air. But after a while her swollen pink lips moved with mine instead of against them. I removed her shirt in one fluid motion, she gasped as I ran a hand under her bra over her bare breasts. Knowing I was the only one to touch her like this brought me a satisfaction that I'd never felt before, not even when I won the games. I unhooked the offensive piece of clothing and tossed it across the room before bringing her rosy nipple between my lips, sucking it lightly. "Haymitch", she whimpered grabbing my hair roughly. "Carefully angel, I don't have much left," I teased. Her grip loosened slightly but not enough for me to go far. I alternated breasts lightly nipping and sucking. "Haymitch," She breathed pulling my lips back to her's, while I slid out of my pants and boxers. She blushed looking hesitantly at my erection before slowly taking it into her hand, stoking it gently. My eyes rolled back in pleasure as I kissed her, tearing her panties from her body. "Last chance", I told her positioning myself at her wet entrance. She closed her eyes exhaling slowly as I began to slide into her, I kissed her neck, she clawed at my back as I pushed past her barrier. I paused once I was fully inside her, the noises she made told me that she was in pain. "Just tell me when." She nodded wordlessly trying to regain her composure, her eyes still squeezed shut. Looking down at her I realized that under different circumstances I would have loved her. Maybe if she comes back I would try despite my fear that she would be taken away from me just as my family had. (Eden's POV) "Haymitch", I cried launching myself into his arms after stepping off the hovercraft. "Nice job angel", he whispered kissing my tangled hair. I must have smelt atrocious but he didn't seem to mind. We stood like that for what felt like hours, just holding each other never wanting to let go. He led me back to his room on the train, I stripped down and climbed into the warm shower, selecting the cycle with as much soap and shampoo as possible scrubbing off the layers of filth I'd acquired during the games. I dried off with the soft towel and dressed in the clothes Haymitch had laid out for me. Allowing my hair to air dry I stepped into the bed room expecting to find him there instead I was greeted by only a crumpled piece of paper with bar car scribbled on it. I sighed flopping down on the bed, he won't miss me much if I take a nap I think flipping on the tv to a channel showing something not related to the Hunger Games and let myself drift to sleep. (Present Day Eden's POV) "Up," I demanded jumping on the bed next to his sleeping form. "Give me minute to wake up angel," He growled, his baby blue eyes open to meet mine as he wiped drool from his blonde stubble that still smelled of vomit, his shoulder length hair acting like a curtain between us as he grumbled a few obscenities before pushing himself off the bed, he dropped his boxers before he reached the bathroom. I picked them up and threw them down the laundry shoot. You'd think that after almost three years we'd learn not to go out of our way to annoy each other but somehow it was a fundamental element in our relationship. I slipped into the silk lilac dress I was wearing to the reaping giving a quick once over to the black slacks and dark purple shirt I'd bought for Haymitch, I lit a cigarette and stepped onto the balcony letting the pink smoke and cotton candy flavor engulf me. My blonde hair, hung in curls to my waist, parts were twisted back making the style appear more complex than it truly was, it tickled my bare back as the dress had no material until right above my butt, just a diamond chain running from my neck down to the small of my back. The front dipped down to show casing my cleavage. My make up consisted of light purple eye shadow, long fake black eye lashes, red blush, and a simple pink lips. Shockingly enough this was considered a conservative look. "Must we always match?" He asked turning his nose up at the outfit. "The President seems to like when we do, it really gets the people going," I teased turning to face him, exhaling the pink cloud of smoke through my nose. "It's disgusting when you do that," he said his strong arms encircling me. "It's also disgusting when you pass out in a pool of your own vomit, I have to clean it out of your chest hair and then tuck you into bed but you don't see me complaining," I muttered. He fake coughed and fanned the air around him. "Please," I scoffed rolling my eyes. "Happy Hunger Games," He teased kissing me before going to find some food or possible a drink. "May the odds be ever in your favor," I called after him finishing my cigarette and closing the french doors behind me. I walked into the kitchen to grab a quick bite before we were summoned to the justice building. We held hands as we entered the stage, as the cameras paned over us I tried not to think about what was really going here. The female tribute and her younger sister were familiar, I'd seen them many times over the years when I brought food and other necessities to the families in the seam who couldn't afford them. I never did catch their names but now they were seared into my mind forever, Katniss and Primrose Everdeen. However the boy, Peeta Mellark, was a complete stranger but he looked strong, maybe between the two of them district 12 would have a winner. Last year both tributes were only twelve and underfed. Despite my best effort they were both gone within the first eight hours. Haymitch stumbled forward to congratulate the lucky pair while I stood frozen unable to move. He did a head dive off the stage onto the soil landing with a grumble. I ran down the steps to collect him while people snickered. "Eden", he said a bit confused. "Come on, lets get you up," I offered my hand to him. "Can do it myself," He slurred standing up only to topple over again. "Of course you can", I scoffed leading him into the car which would take us to the train station. "Ah the dynamic duo has arrived," Effie smiled as we enter the dining car where she and the tributes waited. "I'm just gonna put him to bed, he won't be much help to any of us in this condition." I say, they nodded as I attempt to escort Haymitch to our room. I tossed him on the bed and pulled off his shoes. "Sorry," He said knowing I was upset with him for being drunk when I need him for support. "It's fine," I mutter, throwing the blanket over him. "Head hurts," I leaned down and kissed the bruise that was forming on his forehead. "Lips hurt," he smiled, I placed a chased kiss on his waiting lips. I left what could only be described as a baby monitor on the bed side table. Maybe I was paranoid but