AN: I love history and I love Gadge, so I decided to bring two of my favorite things together. If you've got a particularly favorite time period or historical event you'd like to see them thrown into, let me know and I'll see what I can come up with :) 1954 Dogtown, Alabama There was something about Spring mornings that made Madge feel young again. Standing barefoot on the dewy lawn, holding a damp newspaper in one hand and a steaming cup of coffee in the other, she breathed in the smell of fresh bloomed gardenias. Spring was a time for possibility, for change, growth, and rebirth. For a moment, she allowed herself to hope, as she had as a child, that some great adventure waited for her just around the corner. She felt deep in her bones that the shape of her life was about to be irrevocably and wonderfully altered. It was a feeling that crept up on her every year around this time and every year she was disappointed. Nothing ever really changed. The promise of Spring was an empty one. With a resigned sigh, she turned her back on the never-changing neighborhood. Breakfast wouldn't make itself. She was cracking an egg into the hot frying pan when she heard the clunk clunk of her husband's wooden leg on the stairs. He was humming Elvis Presley and she smiled. Before the war, he hummed all of the time, but he hadn't much afterwards. The loss of his leg was no where near as painful as the loss of the music in him. After years of silence, she was glad for the humming, even though it used to drive her crazy. "Something smells good," said Peeta, limping across the kitchen to give Madge a quick peck on the cheek. "It'll be ready in a minute," she said. "Sit. I'll get your coffee. The paper's on the table." Every morning, they went through the same routine. Peeta flipped through the news, reading out loud the interesting parts to her. Or at least the parts he thought she'd find interesting. "McCarthy's cracking down on the army," he said as she set his coffee cup down on the table and hurried back to the eggs before they burned. "By the time he's finished with them, there won't be a single Commie left." "That's good, dear," said Madge, distracted. She didn't care for politics. Neither had Peeta until after the war. "He's a little too zealous, if you ask me," Peeta went on. "Sees Red everywhere, even with his eyes closed." Madge made a noncommittal murmur of agreement. She wasn't listening. She was still thinking about Spring. She'd married Peeta in the Spring, just a week after her eighteenth birthday. It was so long ago now that she couldn't remember the color of the bride's maids dresses, or the flavor of the cake, or how nervous she'd been, but she did remember the smell of her bouquet. Gardenias. Peeta neatly folded the paper and set it aside to make room for the plate of scrambled eggs and bacon she placed before him. Madge buttered his toast, like she did every morning. It was something she used to enjoy doing. For the first year of their marriage, she'd gotten a thrill out of being a good homemaker, a good wife. Making him happy had made her happy. Now it was all par for the course. Same old, same old. Butter the toast, wash the dishes, tuck in tight the corners of the bed. Her life was a series of chores. She never complained and Peeta never asked her for a thing. If she stayed in bed all day chain smoking, he wouldn't care. She did the cooking and cleaning, because she didn't know what else to do with herself. Madge sat across from him, sipping her coffee, watching him eat. She always waited to have her breakfast with the children, but she knew Peeta didn't like to sit at the table alone. "I was thinking of making a roast for dinner," she said after a while of listening to him chew. Peeta swallowed. "I've got to work late tonight," he said. "Again?" "The cakes won't bake themselves." "Well, I'll keep a plate warm for you," she said. "What sides do you want?" "Anything will do." He always said that. Still, she asked. They retreated back into their respective silences. Outside, the world was spinning, the leaves turning green. Inside, everything was permanent, fixed in place, removed from time. Katniss was cozied up in bed, reading the paper, and humming Elvis. She'd never much cared for Rock-n-Roll, but lately, she seemed to have the same Elvis song stuck in her head. Gale didn't ask about it. Living with her peacefully required no questions. They came and went as they pleased, flitting in and out of each other's lives, careful not to leave footprints. On the odd occasion they found themselves together in their boxy, one-bedroom apartment, like now, the air became dizzyingly thin. "Where are my socks?" asked Gale, interrupting her humming. "Top drawer," said Katniss without looking up from the paper. Her obsession with the news was new, just like the Elvis. When they first met, she'd rather jump from the roof of the Empire State Building than read about McCarthy. "I've looked there," he said. He'd been sifting through the top drawer for ten minutes. His black socks weren't there, but he noticed a few new pairs of underwear, not the practical kind Katniss preferred, but the kind he tried to get her to wear when they were dating. "Which socks?" she asked. "The black ones," said Gale. Finally, she tore her eyes away from the growing Communist crisis to give him a dry smile. "You've got a lot of those," she said. For a second, he was tempted to mention that none of them were clean, but that would only lead to a fight. Really, he didn't give a damn if Katniss did the laundry or not. From day one, he knew she'd make a terrible wife. He'd married her knowing that. The blonde, blue-eyed wives on the magazine covers had never appealed to him. He wanted a woman, not a wife, not a maid. He was already late for work, so he took a pair of black socks from the hamper and sat on the edge of the bed to pull them on. "What's the joke today?" he asked. "It's not funny," she said. It was a habit of her's to judge for the both of them. Usually, Gale didn't mind. Their tastes were almost identical, but she'd changed so much in the last few months, he didn't trust her the way he used to. He was lacing up his boots, when Katniss put down the paper and said, "I think I'll visit Prim today." "Oh yeah?" said Gale. "That'd be nice." He knew she was lying. If she was telling the truth, she never would've put down the paper. Lying took her full concentration and she was still terrible at it. "I haven't seen her in a long time," Katniss went on, trying too hard. Gale smiled at her over his shoulder. "Well, tell her hello from me." "I'll probably stay for dinner, so you'll have to scrounge something up yourself." "No problem," he said, striding towards the bedroom door. Katniss hadn't cooked for him in over a year. As he made his way to the factory, he couldn't help wondering if she ever cooked for him . The other man, the one she'd bought the underwear for, the one who listened to Elvis, and liked to talk about politics. The man she was changing herself for, like she'd never tried to change for him. Gale didn't hate her for the affair. He didn't blame her for their shamble of a marriage. After all, he'd never asked her to change, had always just swept her faults under the rug until there was no more room to hide them. If the failure was anyone's fault, it was his. Madge didn't need to start supper for another two hours. She'd done the grocery shopping after dropping Alice off at school. Timothy was down for his nap and she was just settling in to write a letter to her parents, who were vacationing in New York, when the bell rang. She wasn't expecting any visitors, so she wasn't surprised to find Johanna Mason standing on her doorstep. They'd been friends for over a decade. Madge had long since accepted that Johanna wasn't one for calling ahead and making plans. She went where she wanted, when she wanted, and took pleasure in arriving at the most inconvenient time. Without waiting to be invited in, Johanna pushed past Madge and led the way back to the living room. "It's good to see you, too," said Madge, following after her. "Is Peeta here?" she asked sharply. "No, he's at the bakery. Why?" "We need to talk," said Johanna. She sat and gestured for Madge to do the same, like this was her house. Johanna had a way of taking ownership of every room she entered. If this were the White House, she'd tell President Eisenhower how much better it would look black, a paintbrush already in hand. She was a woman who knew what she wanted and how to get it. She was a woman who never beat around the bush. "Peeta's having an affair," she declared the moment Madge was seated. "Annie saw him with another woman. She didn't want to tell you, but I thought you deserved to know." Madge waited for the shock to hit. Any second now, she expected to be bowled over by grief, betrayal, even rage. That's how women were supposed to react to this sort of news. Johanna wasn't a gossip. She didn't spread rumors and never said anything she didn't know for a fact to be true, so Madge had no reason not to believe her now. A few minutes passed, though, and still she felt nothing. "When?" she finally said. "A few months ago," said Jo, a cigarette balanced between her lips. She struck a match, lit her smoke, and extinguished the flame all in one smooth flick of her wrist. "Annie only just told me on Monday. You know how she hates drama." A few months? At that, Madge did feel something. Her cheeks turned pink. All of those late nights at the bakery, all of the missed dinners, and the late phone calls of the past few months. The humming and the way Peeta smiled, like he hadn't since before the war. It was all so obvious. She felt stupid for not realizing sooner what was going on. Annie knew. Johanna knew. Who else did? "I wanted to be certain before I came to you," said Johanna. "So I followed him yesterday. He picked her up downtown." "Who?" said Madge. "Did you recognize her?" Johanna looked around for an ashtray, found none, and ashed her cigarette into the dregs of Madge's forgotten teacup on the table. "No," she said, leaning back against the couch. "But I asked around a little. Her name's Katniss Hawthorne. She lives in one of those red brick apartments on Pearl Street, works at the diner." "You should become a private investigator," said Madge with a little chuckle. Then she remembered that she wasn't supposed to find any of this amusing. Johanna gave her a curious look. "Are you alright?" she asked. "I know this must be a shock." It should be a shock. In all the years they'd been married, Peeta had never so much as looked twice at another woman. He was as faithful as Sunday morning. He was everything a husband should be. Their life together was everything it should be. They were the perfect picture of a respectable, middle class family. Madge wanted for nothing that he didn't immediately provide. She had everything she'd imagined having