SOPHOMORE YEAR (college) November Gale never turned down a dare, especially with money involved, so when Thom slapped a wrinkled twenty onto the sticky bar and said, "Bet you're too chicken shit to try it, Hawthorne," Gale made the same mistake he always did. "Give 'em here," he said, holding out his hand. Thom dropped two blue pills into his palm. "I don't know about this," said Bristel, swaying slightly on his stool. "I heard about a guy who went blind from taking that stuff." Gale inspected the pills in the dim, dirty bar light. Was twenty dollars worth going blind for? Not really. His pride, however, maybe. Besides, Bristel spent too much time surfing WebMD. His medical advice was not to be trusted. Gale hadn't forgotten the mysterious mole fiasco last year. For a week, Bristel was convinced he had cancer. Turned out to be a speck of ink. "Well? You going to do it or not?" said Thom, reaching to retrieve his twenty. Gale beat him to it. He snatched up the money with one hand and tossed back the blue pills with the other, chasing them down with the last of his beer. "If I go blind," he said, "then you better fork up another twenty bucks." The Hob was a smelly hole in the wall, but the beer was cheap, they didn't I.D., and the music was tolerable, not that electronic crud. Madge tried to ignore the mold on the ceiling, which was difficult with Finnick around. "That one," he said, pointing to a fuzzy, green blob directly over their table, "looks like a dick." "They all look like dicks," said Johanna. "Not the one over the pool table," said Finnick. He turned to Madge. "Have you seen it yet?" "No," she said. This was her first visit to The Hob. She hadn't wanted to come, but Johanna refused to take no for an answer. "That's got to change," said Finnick. He grabbed her arm and practically dragged her out of the booth. Madge stumbled behind him across the room, squeezing between the sweaty bodies of strangers, to the pool table. "Tell me what you see," said Finnick, coming to a stop. Madge craned her neck. She squinted at the water stain overhead. "Um, looks kind of like a face," she said. "Not just any face," said Finnick. "It's the spitting image of Donald Trump." He nudged her a few inches to the left. "Close one eye and look again." Madge did as she was told. Sure enough, the spot did resemble the Republican presidential nominee, slash reality T.V. mogul, slash over-bronzed asshole with chicken feather hair. Despite her health and safety concerns, the likeness impressed her. The stain was even the same rusty color as Trump. "Still looks like a dick to me," said Johanna, leaning against the pool table. Thirty minutes after taking the blue pills, Gale felt nothing. Bristel was still blabbering on about the horrible side effects he'd read about online, but Gale tuned him out. He scanned the room, searching for his next hook-up before the drugs kicked in. Slim pickings tonight. Glimmer cast him a sly, sideways glances from the other end of the bar, but he ignored her. Too clingy. Portia and Octavia were dancing nearby, grinding on each other, throwing come-hither looks over their shoulders. He wasn't interested in a threesome tonight, though, and those two, with their matching violet hair, came in a package deal. Gale's searching eyes paused on Johanna Mason, sitting on the edge of the pool table with her legs spread, giving the whole room a clear view of her lacy, black panties. Ding ding ding, we have a winner, he thought, hopping down from his stool. "Where you going?" said Bristel. Gale stole his half finished beer and chugged. He slammed the empty bottle down on the bar, wiped his mouth, and said, "Time to pick up my date." He cut through Portia and Octavia. Halfway across the dance floor, Johanna caught him coming. She flashed that tell-tale, thin-lipped smirk which always led to a good time. "He won't win," said Finnick as he wracked up. "I don't know," said Madge. "No one thought he'd make it this far. It's time to stop underestimating him." She leaned against the pool table for support, a little wobbly on her feet. She was drunk enough now not to care about the bar's questionable sanitation standards. Drunk enough to talk politics, a topic she avoided like the plague when she was sober. Being the mayor's daughter, she tried not to think about politics. Here at school, she tried to be like everyone else, not the campaign cardboard cut-out she was raised to be. Finnick handed her a pool stick. "What, you think Trump's really going to make America great again?" he said. Madge rolled her eyes. "Of course not. He's going to run America into the ground. He's a...a…" She was getting angry just thinking about the man. "He's a racist, woman-hating big-mouth, but that's what the people want right now. They're scared. They want a scapegoat and Trump's giving them exactly that, playing on their fears, making irresistible promises." Finnick shrugged, unconcerned. "I still think Hillary's got it in the bag." "She isn't much better," said Madge. "Careful now, Undersee," he said, grinning. "There's a special place in Hell reserved for women who don't support other women." Madge let out a snort. "That's sexist," she said, jabbing him in the stomach with her pool stick. "I'm not going to vote for someone just because we both have vaginas." Before Finnick could form a response, Johanna leapt lithely from the pool table. "Where you going?" Finnick asked. "We're about to start a game." "I've got another game in mind," said Johanna. Madge followed her line of sight to the handsome, dark-haired man striding towards them across the dance floor. A groan rose up from the ocean of tequila and beer in her stomach. Not him , she thought. Gale Hawthorne came to a stop before them. "Mason," he said, ignoring Madge and Finnick. Madge didn't mind. She preferred when he ignored her. "You wanna-?" "Alright," Johanna cut him off with a shrug. They sauntered off together, disappearing into the bathroom. "She better not bring home whatever she catches from him," said Madge, scowling. Gale Hawthorne was an insufferable playboy. Who knew what kind of diseases he was spreading around? "Someone sounds jealous," said Finnick. Madge turned her scowl on him. "I'd rather fuck Donald Trump," she said flatly. Finnick tossed back his head and laughed, but she wasn't joking. Not at all. Well, the blue pills were definitely working now and he wasn't blind, yet. "Jesus Christ, Hawthorne," said Johanna, panting as she unwound her legs from his waist and slid to her feet, leaving a streak of sweat on the graffitied bathroom stall. Her eyes darted downwards. "How the hell are you still hard?" Gale always forgot how frank Johanna Mason could be. God, it was hot, and uncomfortable, but mostly annoying. This was their dozenth hook-up. Maybe. He'd lost count, which meant it was about time to call it off. Not yet. Not until this stubborn erection was taken care of. "One more time," he said, pressing his hands to the stall on either side of her head. She was so short, even in spiky heels, but her wolfish confidence gave the illusion of great height. "Oh, alright," said Johanna. She pushed him onto the toilet and straddled him backwards, leaning over to brace her palms against the stall door. Finnick was killing her at pool. If they were playing for real money, instead of cheese fries, then she'd have lost her whole trust fund by now. As it was, she hadn't been able to eat a single cheese fry and they looked so good. After four games of not succeeding to hit a single one of the colorful, numbered balls, Madge threw down her stick. "I'm out," she said. She'd started drinking water an hour ago. Sobering up, her discomfort with this grimey, barely lit bar crept back in. She was tired. She had a piano recital tomorrow at noon. "I think I'm going to head home." "Don't be a sore loser," said Finnick. "I'll share the fries." "No thanks." Madge slung her purse over her shoulder. "Tell Johanna I'll see her back on campus." She gave him a quick wave, before ducking into the crowd. Sweaty bodies bumped into her as she fought her way to the bar, to close out her tab. Halfway there, she changed direction, deciding to hit the bathroom first. Campus wasn't far, but this late at night, there was no telling how long she'd have to wait for a bus. There was a ridiculous line for the women's bathroom. Madge stood at the end for a full five minutes without getting any closer to the door. The music was a bit too loud, thumping through the wooden boards under her feet. She was ready for the concrete stability of the sidewalk, ready to get the hell out of here, change into something comfortable, eat a whole sleeve of double-stuffed oreos, and then pass out on the couch to reruns of I Love Lucy. There was no line for the men's room. Most of them just pissed in the back alley when they stepped out for a smoke. Madge looked around to ascertain that no one was paying her any attention, before darting into the men's bathroom. She froze in the doorway, remembering too late that the room was occupied. Johanna sat on the sink counter, her back pressed to the mirror, head tipped towards the ceiling, eyes closed, grunting profanities each time Gale slammed into her. Get out , thought Madge. Get out, get out, out, out! She couldn't look away, immobilized by shock, and disgust, and...Her gaze dropped low, to Gale's bare ass, muscles clenched and firm... Madge shook her head. She took a step back, trying to sneak out quietly, but slipped on the slick floor. Her shoulder thudded against the door. Gale's head snapped up. He caught her reflection in the mirror. She froze again with one foot out the door, staring wide-eyed back at him, horrified and, even worse, a little turned on. Then Gale winked at her. She spun around and spilled out of the bathroom, letting the door slam shut behind her. Only when she rounded the corner, and the thumping music from The Hob faded to a distant rumble, did Madge realize that she'd forgotten to close her tab. She couldn't go back, though, so she whipped out her phone and shot Finnick a text, asking him to cover her and promising to pay him back tomorrow. No prob, he responded almost immediately. I saw you running out of here. Is the building on fire? Madge didn't answer. She dropped her phone into her purse and hurried to the bus stop, desperate to put as much distance between herself and The Hob as possible. Johanna pulled on her midriff t-shirt of some underground punk band called District Thirteen. Of course she wasn't wearing a bra. She never did. "Seriously, did you take something?" she said, eyeing the still hard bulge in his pants. "No," he said, lying automatically. He squirmed under Johanna's shrewd inspection. "Whatever," she finally said. "Your problem, not mine." She brushed past him towards the door, but Gale caught her arm and pulled her into him. He locked his arms around her waist, took her pierced earlobe between his teeth and gave it slight tug. "Come home with me," he said. Laughing, Johanna wriggled free. "Not a chance. I'm meeting someone else." "Who?" Johanna didn't answer. She paused at the bathroom door, glanced at him over her shoulder, and, with an almost cruel smirk, she said, "Good luck with your little problem, Hawthorne." Madge was grateful for the cold. She took deep breaths of icy air to