Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, or any of the characters. All rights belong to J. K. Rowling. The Party of the Used Summary: After the incident at the graveyard, Harry realised that he was not in the least bit prepared to fight against Voldemort or his Death Eaters. When a curse of the Dark Lord, that was meant for Lucius starts to effect him as well, Harry starts to see many things in a different light and finally finds the bravery to take his faith into his own hands. Vampire Fiction! Harry/Lucius/Draco Threesome! Harry/Severus father/son- fiction! (maybe pre-mpreg) AN: There will be a rough, semi voluntary mating between an adult and a child, who turns out to be even younger than his friends and family had thought! This highly rated lemon will not turn up in the first chapter, but I want to warn all readers first. Also I want to make clear, that I am clearly against child abuse, but this is a fanfiction a piece of writing and fantasy and nothing more. Further more, the mating couple will be non- human. This fiction is going to be a threesome, but it takes some time until it gets to that point. I hope you all have fun :-) 1. Two unwanted guests: The room was dark and gloomy in the once beautiful Riddle Manor when the Death Eaters apparated in. Lucius Malfoy bowed his head and kneeled down in front of his Lord with the other Death Eaters. Today would be the day, were they finally got rid of one Harry James Potter. His Lord had everything planned to the finest detail and this was his chance to make his failure from Potter's second year right at last. Back then, he had not known how valuable the little notebook, that his Lord had given him was, but now he knew. Sure, he was still his Master's right hand man, but he wanted to try and pay his mistake back and that meant that he would be the one to bring the Potter boy to his master. The Dark Lord rose and turned to his loyal followers: "This time nothing will go wrong. Our mission is perfectly planned and to prevent any other surprise I will cast a spell on you all." Lucius felt his wife shiver next to him, but she was a born Black and did not let it show to anybody else. "This spell will make sure, that anyone who betrays me today, will pay dearly for it," Lord Voldemort lifted his wand and muttered a curse, to silent for Lucius to hear, but he had no need for it anyway, he would never betray his Master. HP Harry looked out of the train window, without seeing anything. His thoughts were numb, as was his body. Only seven days ago, he had carried Cedric Digory's dead body from the maze, on the day that Voldemort had returned. Cedric had been a friend, not a close one like Ron or Hermione, but a friend none than less and he had not been able to save him. Even worse, he had been the reason why Cedric had died in the first place. Why hadn't he been selfish for once? Had he just taken the cup alone, the Hufflepuff would still be alive, but as always, he had to be a foolish Gryffindor, bringing everybody around him in danger, and this time, he had even killed a fellow student this way. How many would follow? With Voldemort back to full power, Harry didn't want to imagine it. Even without the death of his fellow student, the encounter at the grave yard would have been a shock. He had finally seen Voldemort from eye to eye and realized, that he was not prepared at all. With his current level of knowledge, he stood no chance against any Death Eater, let alone Lord Voldemort. Once more he asked himself, what was Dumbledore thinking? It certainly looked as if he would be the one, who had to kill Voldemort in the end, so why didn't the headmaster prepare him for the battle? Harry was not sure how he should feel about the old wizard anymore. He knew, Dumbledore only did, what he thought best for Harry and his other students, but he never asked, if Harry thought it best as well and Harry had started to wish, that the headmaster would include him more in his fight against Voldemort, at least, if he really was the one to kill him in the end. To be honest, he didn't want to fight at all, he didn't feel like a hero. The only reason why he had yet to hide,run away or simply decline Dumbledore's request were his friends. He knew Voldemort would not stop killing people, only because he refused to fight him again, but he really didn't know, how long he would be able to stand up against the powerful wizard. The last term had been torture, full of nightmares and hurt, mentally as well as physically. His scar had hurt nearly every night and the nightmares he suffered from his enemy left him screaming even in his sleep. Neither Ron, nor Hermione had been able to lift his spirits in the last week of school, or even before then and they had finally given up. Thy had all stayed a bit over a month longer at Hogwarts for the last task of the tournament, that meant, that Harry at least had been able to celebrate his fifteenth birthday with his friends, even though, he had nothing more to be left alone at that point. They had no classes for the last month of their stay at school, they only spend the first month of their summer holidays at school. Harry had been happy about this little mercy, because he would only have to bear the Dursleys for four weeks this year, maybe even three, if Ron was allowed to fetch him earlier. But the fact that he had to return to Private Drive alone was horrible enough. Last summer, they had starved him so thoroughly, that he had not recovered through the entire school year. It was as if his body was unable to gain any weight at all since then. His ribs were clearly visible and he had not grown an inch as well; and he had been looked into the cupboard once more, after two years with his own room, he had been locked up again. As shabby as Dudley's spare room had been, it was much better than the cupboard beneath the stairs. He had felt so lonely that last summer. He had spend the long and dark days and nights wishing and daydreaming about a person, that would take him into his arms, reassure him, listen to him, understand him and offer him help and a better home. But that person had never arrived. Truth to be told, how should arrive someone like that? No one knew about his abusive relatives, or at least, not how bad it really was, not even Ron and Hermione. And no guardian angel would suddenly land in front of him. That thought was ridiculous. Still, sitting in the Hogwarts Express, back on his way to his awful relatives, the loneliness he had not felt during his fourth year crept up on him again, as did the wish for a savior who would save the savior. Sure, he had his two best friends, but he could not ask them to help him more than they already did, besides, that would mean that he would have to tell them that his relatives not only starved him and locked him into a closet, but also that they hit him on a regular basic. Not very brutally, only with their hands, but it was painful and humiliating enough. Now, his two best friend sat silently chattering across from him. They were fairly content with each other and Harry was sure, that they would end up together, as soon as Ron would have matured a bit more. The Hogwarts Express slowed down and finally came to an halt at platform Nine and Three Quarters. Harry rose to his feet and took his trunk in one hand, whilst he grabbed Hedwig's cage with the other. Without waiting for his friends, he shuffled out of the compartment and went towards the next exit. In the moment, he had left the train, several loud cracks echoed in the big hall and over twenty Death Eaters appeared. Chaos erupted on the platform. Students were screaming and running in the direction of the exit, but there too, were Death Eaters, blocking the only way out. The first spells flew and Harry quickly ducked, desperately looking for Ron and Hermione, but could not find them in the panicked crowd. He cursed silently and drew his wand, at least, this way he stood a little chance of leaving Kings Cross alive. Another loud crack sounded and he saw Voldemort approaching. All memories from the graveyard flooded his mind and he felt his body freeze. His dead parents appeared in front of his inner eye, Voldemort's taunting voice once more echoed in his ears and he closed his eyes for one moment to get rid of their sad faces and to block out Cedric's voice, who asked him to bring his body back to his father. It was too much for him, he was not prepared and he would die here, without saving his friends or the wizarding world. A tall figure, clad in blue and with golden stars on his robes materialized in front of him. Immediately Voldemort and Dumbledore started to fight. The Dark Lord was distracted, but Harry saw with fear another Death Eater heading for him, his wand raised. Harry didn't have too look under the white mask to recognize the man, his long white-blond hair was indicator enough: Lucius Malfoy. Panicking, he took a step backwards, this man was probably the most coldhearted and cruelest of Voldemort's followers. He had seen him four times in the last years: first, in his second at Flourish and Blotts, where he had smuggled Tom Riddle's diary into Ginny Weasley's book back and than after his battle against Voldemort's memory and Basilisk, last summer, at the Quidditch World Cup and than only a few weeks ago, when Voldemort had been resurrected. All times the Malfoy patriarch had been a cruel and arrogant arse, but Harry never doubted his abilities when it came to magic and that made the man so much more frightening. "Potter!" A voice shouted a few steps away from him and he quickly turned his head to see Snape desperately motioning for him. Harry hesitated just a moment, he had never trusted the Potions Master, but Dumbledore did and he had not many options right now. "Quickly, Potter!" Snape snapped again and praying for his friends to be safe, Harry started to run, unfortunately Harry was not the only one, who had noticed Snape's plan to rescue him. HP Harry landed harshly in a pile of limbs. A knee that didn't belong to him was painfully sticking into his abdomen, and something long and heavy had landed on his shoulders. He groaned loudly and tried to get up, but the weight of what ever laid across his back pressed him down. He heard someone cursing and thought that it was probably his Professor, when a second voice followed. Suddenly panicked once again, he gathered all his strength to push from the ground. The heavy thing slid from his back and he was finally able to stand up, only to freeze immediately. There on the ground, lay not only Snape, who had apparated him away from Voldemort, but also Lucius Malfoy and a big, black snake. Lucius must have grabbed his or Snape's robes just a moment before their apparition. How Nagini had managed to attached herself so quickly was