I do not own THG. Summary: Katniss Everdeen finds an arresting Tumblr blog and becomes obsessed with finding the owner. Imagine her surprise when he turns out to be someone from her past? Will sparks ignite between the two of them? RATED M. Warning: Hints of sexual harassment, stalking, agile software development. If you are passionate about waterfall, you may not want to read this iterative story. The Hunter: Greed "So, how was the first day of true insanity?" Katniss Everdeen bit down on her bottom lip. She should have known that her friend and former roommate Johanna Mason would cut right to the heart of it. "The new job is good." "Not what I asked, Brainless. Did you find him?" Johanna's voice was curt and it made Katniss wince. "Yes." she hedged. "Really? Did you talk to him?" "My new boss introduced me to him at Scrum. And my cube is only one row over from his." Katniss slid out of her black suit jacket and threw it over a chair while she padded around her apartment in her stockings. She couldn't wait to get into some sweats. The weather had been cold and rainy, not ideal for her first day at EyeView Corp. and she had arrived in the office for her first day cold and wet, water droplets staining her silk blouse. Mitch Abernathy, her Engineering Manager had promptly dumped her off with a ScrumMaster named Dave Boggs who had introduced her to the Scrumptious software development team. The other team, he had explained, was called the Careers because they were a more experienced team of engineers. Katniss didn't care which team she was on, as long as the reason for her coming to EyeView Corp. in the first place was on her team. "…And?" Johanna sounded impatient. "And, that's it." Katniss winced at how lame that sounded, even to her. She waited for the inevitable Mason explosion. "Everdeen, what the fuck?" "Jo, come on, give me a—" "No. Fuck that. You've been talking about hunting this guy down for like two years. You have sex dreams about him for Christ's sake. You move all the way across the country after getting me involved in a fucking goose chase to find him and what do you do when you see him for the first time since high school? Nothing ? Come on." Katniss shut her eyes: her friend was right, she was a chicken. "It's not like I was going to just lay him down in his cube and have my wicked way with him. What did you expect?" At the silence on the other end of the phone that meant Johanna thought exactly that, Katniss rubbed her temples, sighed and said quietly if obediently, "I'll talk to him tomorrow." Johanna sounded appeased, if only for the moment. "You better, Gutless. I broke like four state laws just tracking him down. Are you still having the sex dreams about him?" Katniss balanced the phone on her shoulder and tugged off her pantyhose. "I'm not telling you about my dreams." Johanna cackled and it sounded like she was rubbing her hands together in anticipation. "That's a yes. Come on. Don't be greedy, tell me one!" "No. No way." Katniss was not going to share her most intimate dreams with Johanna, no matter how much she owed her for helping to locate the object of her long-time crush. Not even if Johanna had broken state laws, put up with her pathetic mewling about him, and helped her pack for her move. Johanna coaxed. "Come on…. Please? After all I've done for you?" When only stony silence met Johanna's pleas, she switched tactics. "Fine. At least tell me how he looked. Good enough to bust a nut over?" Katniss considered her first meeting with Peeta Mellark in seven years. He looked older than she had expected: laugh lines faintly emphasizing his blue, blue eyes; he looked heavier too, no longer the lean boy she remembered from high school; he had a cane, black with flames on it, resting near his chair. She wondered idly if he used it all the time or only when it was rainy or snowy out. He had stubble, too, blonde and glinting in the light from the like-natural light fixtures and his blonde hair was darker now, not the bleached blonde it had been the summer before senior year. His jaw was squarer, too. She remembered that he clenched it when he was unhappy about something. At least, she thought he did. She wondered if that was an actual memory of just something she'd made up in her fictional and deeply embellished encounters with the dream version of him. And his hands – "Hello? Anyone fucking there?" Johanna cackled again. "Oh, that's right, there is no one fucking , there. Man, I crack myself up. Everdeen, come on. Give me the goods: is he hot? I'm dying over here. It's been like 12 hours since I came." Katniss had to stop for a moment to clear her throat, so affected was she by the memory of his pale hands with their broad palms and capable fingers flying over the keyboard. She wondered what those hands would feel like against her skin. What would it take for those manicured nails to dig into his own palms as he called out her name? Her voice was a little shaky. "Yes. Yes, he's hot. Are you happy now?" A bark of laughter came across the line. "No. I'm not going to be happy until I get pictures of him naked after you've made him your love slave. That still is the plan, isn't it? You didn't move and start a brand-fucking-new job to talk to him at the water cooler every day?" Katniss shook off her erotic imaginings and put a frozen dinner in the microwave, tapping her foot as the seconds counted down. She rolled her eyes at her friend. "Jo, there is no water cooler in corporate America anymore. We congregate around the Keurig." "Yeah, whatever. I'm never getting a corporate job, so what do I care? All the information I need is at my fingertips." Johanna was a cyber-investigator and a damn good one at that. Katniss knew that Los Angeles Police Department furnished her friend with a steady supply of funds that paid the bills and young, male bodies in uniform. That last was a necessary perk because Johanna liked a lot of variety. She said it kept her fresh and also limber. Truth be told, Katniss missed Johanna's sense of humor and unorthodox hours. No one understood her the way the way Johanna did, crying with her when she got the news that her sister was accepted full scholarship to Duke, or when she heard that Sae, a friend from Katniss's hometown who practically raised her, had been diagnosed with cancer, or supporting her when she broke up with Gale, her post high school boyfriend. Jo had been particularly understanding during that last one and had even offered Katniss a threesome to help her "get back in the saddle". Katniss had declined graciously and opted for a lonely night of Ben and Jerry's Phish Food while Johanna played Frisk Me, Officer with two lieutenants. Sometimes Katniss wished she had half of Johanna's confidence. And ingenuity. "You don't…you don't think I'm really nuts for doing this, do you?" Katniss crossed her arms over her chest. The Phish Food night had led to the discovery of a Tumblr blog, which led to an email address, which matched a LinkedIn profile and a name. Katniss had been shocked when the name was one she knew. LinkedIn provided a company name and eventually (thanks to Johanna) she had a physical address. She had just been too scared to ever contact him. Jo answered without a pause. "For becoming obsessed with a guy you remember from high school because of his erotic poetry online?" Katniss winced. When Johanna put it that way, it did sound insane. "Well, yeah. Duh. Of course. It is crazy. The best plans usually are, Fuck-nugget. Now, I want you to make some mac and cheese or microwave popcorn. And tomorrow, I want you to walk up to Peter and say something amazing. Tell him he has nice pecs. Or that you'd like to suck on his tongue. Or tell him your exercise ball needs air and ask if you can sit on his face instead. Or maybe grab his ass. Yeah, now that I think about it, that's the winner: if he's a man of action, he'll really like that." Katniss couldn't help but laugh. "Jo, stop. Stop! You are hysterical, you know that? Ever heard of sexual harassment? His name is Peeta. Peeta Mellark. And what if I started simple and asked him to lunch?" "Lunch?" Katniss hears a heavy sigh. "Well, that's a totally plebe move, but it's a start. -o— Katniss's hands shook as she trashed her chocolate hazelnut coffee pod and put an espresso pod into the machine: her mug held more than 1 cup of coffee and, despite the fact that she rarely drank it, she needed an extra jolt today. She'd had a dream. A vivid dream. About Peeta. Which was pretty normal, except that she needed to work with him today. She needed to get herself together. "Hey. Are you okay?" Peeta asked, clearly intent on getting tea or coffee as well. Katniss spilled the hazelnut Mini Moo she had been holding onto the counter. In a panic, she grabbed a paper towel and swiped at the spill, her hand colliding with a pale, slightly freckled one. She froze: in her dream, that hand had her crying out in greedy need as she held it between her legs and rode it to completion over and over while his lips swallowed her cries— She swallowed hard and sneaked a peak at his face to find his blue eyes were trained on her, questioning. "I'm sorry I startled you." He took the wet paper towel from her and broke eye contact to throw it in the garbage, then turned back to her, thrusting one hand into his khakis. The other hand, she noticed, gripped his cane. "First week's always hard to get used to. It gets easier after that." "No, I'm the one who should be sorry. I'm just tired, I guess. You know, my first day was a lot of information." She looked contrite, realizing he still had not prepared his drink. "Let me get out of your way so you can get…whatever it is that you drink." She stepped out of his way, trying not to be obvious about breathing in his cologne or memorizing the way his dark blonde hair curled wetly on his neck above his plaid button-down. She wondered if he had just showered and lost herself in a vivid picture of her dream-Peeta soaping himself in a shower while water cascaded down his shoulders and lower. It wasn't until she realized that Peeta had asked her a question that she jolted out of her reverie. "—What?" she croaked. He studied her with a small smile playing around his full lips and blue eyes full of laughter. "I was just asking if Boggs was doing a good job of showing you around. Are you getting everything you need?" Katniss bit her lower lip, pulled her braid over one shoulder and began fiddling with the end. "Yes. I'm fine. I have everything I need, at least so far. Thanks." Peeta watched her fingers fiddle with her hair for a moment, like he wanted to say something else. Instead, he bobbed his tea bag twice, picked up his mug and raised it to her like a toast. "Excellent. Okay, well, you have a good day, Katniss." Katniss blew out a breath when he had rounded the corner and mentally cursed herself for missing the opportunity to ask him to lunch. Am I getting everything I