Cover art photograph by Alex E. Proimos ( photos/proimos/ ), used under CC BY-NC 2.0 . Fade added. I do not own The Hunger Games. For Bay. COLD HANDS, WARM HEART Katniss Everdeen couldn't stop her leg from bouncing in irritation: her doctor was running late. She had purposely scheduled her appointment first thing in the morning so she could come in street clothes, rather than her Carhartt's jumpsuit. She had every intention of ducking into the nearest women's room and changing her clothes once her exam was over so she could get to her first client visit. Sure, that wasn't scheduled until later in the day, but Katniss worked hard to make sure her electrical and plumbing business was based on respect for her clients. They counted on her for service and she counted on them for referrals and she didn't want to blow it by running the risk of being late. She tasted blood as she pulled at a cuticle with her teeth. "Katniss Everdeen?" A clipped voice spoke from the open doorway. "The doctor will see you now." "It's about time," Katniss muttered under her breath. She gathered up her magazine and her bag and followed the nurse through the door. -o— "Tsk. Your blood pressure is higher than your last doctor's visit, according to your chart." As the nurse recorded Katniss's vitals, the shirt she wore underneath her scrub top rode up on her wrist, exposing a forearm that was almost completely covered in tattoos. Katniss shrugged as she rolled down the sleeve of her shirt. "I've been waiting a while. Nurse Trinkett, is it? That's really nice ink. Did you have that done locally?" She motioned to the woman's colorful arm. Nurse Trinkett blushed slightly. "Thank you. I generally cover them at work. These are from a place down on First Street – Designs by Odair. Have you heard of it?" Katniss shook her head. "No, but I've been thinking of getting another piece done." Effie took one last look at the tray of instruments needed for Katniss's exam, then turned to the younger woman. "Then you must see him! He does lovely work. I just love pretty things, don't you? And what better way to feel beautiful than to have one's own body be beautiful artwork? He's a dear! And oh, so handsome. Tell him that Effie Trinkett sent you, will you? Speaking of handsome, let me go tell the doctor that you are all set for him. Go ahead and change into this paper gown with the opening in the front, and leave your socks on. These floors get so cold and we wouldn't want you shivering before your exam is through." The nurse left with a flutter of her hand, leaving Katniss to wonder exactly what she meant by that last statement as she took off her jeans and long sleeved t-shirt and donned the horrible paper gown. At least her favorite socks – fleece with little bunnies on them – peeked back at her when she hopped up on the table to wait. The door opened almost immediately. Katniss supposed the man that entered was the doctor, even though he wore no lab coat. His blonde hair curled slightly over his ears, and his light blue dress shirt fit him very, very well. Well enough that Katniss might have ogled the fit and cut from his shoulders to his waist if she wasn't fighting a fit of anxiety. He was definitely more attractive than her last doctor. Johanna is going to be so upset that she passed this one over. He studied her chart. "Katniss, is it? Unusual name." His eyes, hidden behind brown-rimmed spectacles, glanced toward her. "Thanks. Uh, family name." He put the chart down with a click and walked to the sink to scrub his hands. "Okay, anything I should know? Any changes since your last exam?" Katniss shook her head. "No. Everything's been normal." "Concerns about sexual activity? Dryness? Orgasms? Any questions there?" He dried his hands and sat down on the rolling stool. Katniss could feel her blush, even though she was an adult. She wanted to roll her eyes at her own reaction. So what if he was handsome? He was her doctor! How was she going to tell him that her last sexual activity involved something with a power cord? "No. Uh, no changes and no concerns. I guess you could say that I'm in a dry spell." She winced at how that sounded. "Ah." He readied the stirrups and pulled on gloves. "Okay, let's have you lean back and scoot to the very end of the table with your feet in the stirrups. I'll drape you with another paper cloth." He watched quietly while Katniss gathered her long, straight hair and pulled it to the side before following his instructions. Katniss had to breathe deeply to relax. She hated pelvic exams, but her mother and sister were both nurses who emphasized the need for regular screenings. Silently, she cursed them as she willed each muscle group into submission. "Just some light touching around the outside before you feel more pressure. Are you okay? You're breathing pretty deeply…" Her eyes met his over the drape; he had removed his glasses and his were very, very blue. So blue that they reminded her of something. What was it? "I'm okay. Just…keep going." "I'm going to start the internal exam now. You're going to feel a little pressure…" She nodded, cursing his kind bedside manner. If there was one thing she neither needed nor wanted, it was a play-by-play of what he was doing. She tried not to concentrate on what she knew was coming and instead thought of how familiar his eyes seemed. Her brow furrowed. "You know, I don't think I caught your name, Doctor." He continued his movements. "You're doing great. Just a little palpating and then we're done. I thought that Effie had given you my name since I'm new to the practice. I'm Doctor Mellark. Doctor Peeta Mellark." Katniss thought she saw spots. At bare minimum, she was sure all of the air had been sucked out of the room and she was blushing to…well…all the way down to where he was sitting. How could Peeta Mellark – presumably the same Peeta Mellark she grew up with, from the small town she'd left over ten years ago – be the doctor who was currently groping her? It's not groping, Katniss. It's palpating. Finally, his patient voice intruded on her scattered thoughts. "Katniss? Katniss, you need to relax so I can move my hand." Katniss blushed and practiced deep breathing in sort of a reverse-Kegel. She forced herself to think of things that normally relaxed her: bubble baths, NHL hockey, Yankees/Mets games where the Yankees won, and puppies. Finally, he withdrew and peeled off his gloves, then made a few notes in her chart before turning back to her with a sincere look. "I apologize. If I thought for a second that you hadn't recognized me, I would have mentioned it. I assumed that you were fine with it, though, when you didn't say anything. Would you like to reschedule with another doctor?" "No!" Katniss closed her eyes briefly. She was already here. Psyching herself up and rearranging her jobs had taken her a month of planning. "Let's just…. You've already pretty much seen everything there is, right? So let's just keep going." "Are you sure?" His blue eyes seemed so very concerned – just like they used to be when they would look at her during class. Katniss lay flat. "I'm sure." She heard Peeta – his name is Doctor Mellark – sigh while he put on new gloves. "Okay. You're going to feel the speculum. The plastic ones pinch a little sometimes when they expand and I apologize for that. We like them better than the metal ones, though, because they are clear and have a small light—" Katniss winced as she heard the clicking noise of the device opening. "Peet—Doctor Mellark? Do you suppose you could stop telling me every little thing? It freaks me out." "Sorry." There were a few seconds of blessed silence before he asked, "So, uh…how've you been?" Katniss wanted to laugh at his sheepish apology, but she was too busy concentrating on ignoring what was going on below the drape. "Well. I'm doing well. How about you?" "Busy. I just moved here and signed on to this practice - I'm trying to make a fresh start after my divorce. I bought a new house that needs a ton of work. Other than that, I guess I can't complain." He gave a self-deprecating laugh. Katniss heard instruments moving around and the clicking sound of the speculum closing. She breathed a sigh of relief that the exam was over. "You're divorced? I hadn't heard you got married." She felt rather than saw his shrug. "Delly and I got married just a couple of years ago. You wouldn't have heard about it, since it was so long after you and Gale left town. How is he, by the way?" Katniss didn't know what shocked her more: that Peeta Mellark, who had never really been a friend in any sense of the word, knew that she and Gale had been together, or that she didn't feel any pain when he mentioned her ex-husband's name. "We're divorced, but I hear he's doing well." "I'm sorry to hear that." Peeta came to her side and she raised her eyebrow. He had the grace to blush. "We're not done yet - we have the breast exam. Put your left arm above your head, please?" Katniss nodded, her face going up in flames as Peeta separated the sides of her paper gown. His cold hands startled her and a nervous giggle escaped. "Cold hands?" At her nod, he moved to the side and rubbed them together briskly. "Here. This should help." Katniss tried to look anywhere but at his clear, blue eyes when he slipped his now-warm hands inside her gown. Peeta Mellark, former captain of the wrestling team, member of the debate, chess and cross country running teams, was feeling her up. Instead, she focused on his words. "You said you have a house that needs work?" Peeta was quiet for a moment while he pressed his hand along her flesh. "Yeah. It's on the south side of town. I think I had this crazy idea that it would help me take my mind off things. It needs rewiring – there's still glass fuses – and some of the plumbing needs to be updated. I just had the chimneys checked out so at least I know I won't burn the house down if I light a fire." She frowned and thought for a second while she switched arms. "I could help you with some of that." At his surprised look, she said defensively, "I'm an electrician and a plumber." "Both? How'd that happen?" He moved the paper aside to check for symmetry. Katniss averted her eyes, well aware that he was the first man to see her naked since Gale. "I worked on a job that threw some sparks and the guy I apprenticed under told me that I should learn to put out the fires I started. Plumbing seemed like a logical choice. Anyway, I could come by and check it out. You know, since you checked out my pipes, I could check out yours." Peeta blinked hard at her statement and Katniss tried not to groan at her horrible attempt at flippancy. Or was it flirtation? She completely forgot to feel awkward when his blue eyes lit up in a smile. "That would be amazing. Really. I'm in way over my head in terms of the work." "No problem. I'll give you my card." Peeta pulled the edges of her paper gown together and patted her arm gently. "We're done, so you can go ahead and get dressed. I