Banner by Ro Nordmann. This story was written for S2SL, a charity committed to fighting a specific kind of childhood cancer called DIPG. You can learn more about DIPG and the charity that benefited at or . We do not own the Hunger Games. Special thanks to "All About Eve" and "Outlander" for providing inspiration for Haymitch's dialogue. Trigger warnings: Oysters, embarrassing situations, frank discussions of a sexual nature, and smut. " Let's talk about sex, baby." Effie Trinket nimbly maneuvers her way through the colorful Capitol crowd. It isn't easy, what with the combination of six inch heels, the effects of several bright pink cocktails she's chosen specifically because they exactly match the shade of her dress, and sponsors, friends, and acolytes stopping her every few feet. "Effie, dear! So good to see you!" "Effie! Your victors look glorious!" "I was just telling Horace the other day that we always knew you'd amount to something. You'll be promoted to a better district after this for sure!" "Those boots are divine, darling. Wherever did you get them?" "Would it be possible to meet Cinna?" She would love to stop and chat with several of the people who hail her attention, especially here, the most lauded of all victor events. She would never go so far as to admit that she deserves the praise because that would just be bad manners, but a few moments spent basking in the well-earned glory of her victors could not hurt. Could it? She shakes her head to clear it. No. She needs to stay the course and find Haymitch. Almost tripping over an exquisite marble occasional table, she makes her way to yet another of the many bars only to be disappointed again. Where is that simple, provincial man? For a drunk who can barely stand most of the time, he's surprisingly elusive. Her foot taps impatiently in her designer boots as yet another well-wisher slows her progress. "Effie Trinket! We all knew you had it in you to beat the odds and bring a long-shot home." The drunken man in the purple suit leans toward her unsteadily. "Made me a fortune, your pair." He doesn't bother to whisper it. After all, most of the Capitol knows who bet the high-rise on Katniss or Peeta. Besides, the entire point of attending the president's reception is for the winners to gloat. Effie bats her eyelashes, falling easily into the Escort role like the professional she is. "Titus, I am so happy that you decided to join our team. And your last little bit of sponsorship certainly helped assure Team Katniss's victory." He sputters, pink cocktail spraying out of his liver-colored lips. "Little? You talked quite a sizable amount of money out of me that day." Effie places a hand on his arm in a placating caress. "It worked in your favor, dear, didn't it? We turned your investment into something sizable, just as I said. By the way, I don't suppose you've spotted Haymitch recently?" "Abernathy?" Liver-lips leans against the wall, relying heavily on his jeweled cane for support. They had become all the rage since Peeta periodically appeared sporting one. Chubby, beringed fingers wave in the direction of the library, further back into the interior of the mansion. "I think I saw him hitting the presidential port." "Thank you, dear. It's always such a pleasure speaking with you." Effie blows air-kisses onto his moist cheeks, careful not to smudge his make-up lest the rest of the guests discern that his skin color is strictly on the surface rather than dyed more permanently. "We'll have to get together before the Quell for lunch!" She barely registers his overly enthusiastic nod as she teeters purposefully toward the library and her goal. "Haymitch? Are you in here?" Effie flicks the light switch next to the elaborately carved mahogany door. Normally she would spend at least fifteen minutes studying the treasure, but she doesn't have time tonight. Tonight, her focus must be her victors and their next challenge. She squares her shoulders, tugging gently on the jacket to straighten her tightly laced corset. "Haymitch?" She thinks something dark and utterly unladylike when no answer comes from the depths of the room. Where could the man be? If he were half this effective during the 74th Games, she wouldn't have been nearly so busy lining up sponsors for her dear Katniss and Peeta. Not that Katniss had ever said thank you. Quite bad manners on that young lady, really. She would have to have a talk with her before the Quell about proper ways to show her appreciation. If there weren't other, more pressing, things to discuss, she would bring it up on the train ride back to District 12. She whirls on her toe, reaching for the light switch once more when she hears it. That noise coming from the couch. Is that…a snore? Without a thought to propriety, Effie strides to the couch and leans over the sleeping mentor. Drool pools on his chin, evidence that his slumber isn't a recent thing. "Haymitch!" Effie taps his cheek harder than she intends. At least she tells herself that the loud smack is unintentional, as is the decidedly strident tone to her voice when she says, "Haymitch, wake up." To herself, she mutters, "I swear, I must do everything myself. What did you ever do before I arrived?" She gasps and leaps backward as he swings at her with the swipe of a phantom knife. "I was happy just being alone and drinking." Haymitch groans as he stretches. "What do you want? And where is my drink?" "You are abhorrent. How can you drink at a time like this? We have a serious situation here, or did you not notice?" Effie's hands ball into fists at her waist. Shaking his head, he points toward her before reaching for his discarded glass. "Tsk, tsk. Did you just call me a whore? Such shocking manners, Ms. Trinket. What situation ? The boy and the girl are dancing attendance on our dear president and sponsors. All is right with the world, so let's celebrate with a drink." Haymitch drains the remnants of golden liquid that sparkle in the firelight and pours another generous amount into his glass. Effie grabs the glass from his fingers and places it on a side table. "Did our victors or did they not become betrothed last night?" At his blank and cloudy look she throws her hands in the air. "Marriage, Haymitch. Marriage! Our victors are engaged to be married." "Yeah. So?" Effie narrows her eyes. "So? So? How can you sit there, take a nap, and drink when there's so much to do? Never mind the wedding itself and Katniss's trousseau…But we have a more pressing issue. Judging from the noises coming from Katniss's berth, I think there needs to be a long-overdue discussion about what happens between married couples." "You mean arguing and fighting?" At Effie's stormy expression, Haymitch shrugged. "I'm confused, Sunshine." "I can't believe you are so…so… backwards in your little district at the edge of the world that I need to spell this out for you. I'm talking about S-E-X. Sex, Haymitch. Married couples have sex." Haymitch blinks several times, as if he's having trouble understanding Effie's use of the word. Finally, he sprawls against the comfortable leather couch cushions as he sweeps an assessing gaze from the tip of Effie's pink hair to her viciously pink boots. "I didn't realize you knew what that was, Effie." Effie stared down her nose. "Just because I'm not a rutting boor like most men doesn't mean I don't know a thing or two about the pleasures of the flesh. We brought our pair of Star Crossed Lovers home. We must prepare them for the next challenge, especially when the Capitol expects them to continue the love story of the century. We mustn't disappoint them. And that means that they need to skip the awkward newlywed stage." "And exactly how do you propose we do that?" "We educate them. After all, it's our privilege." Haymitch snorts. "I'm sorry. Did you just say that we should have the sex talk with them? You probably wear a corset to bed. And I'm in no position to impart my manly wisdom to anyone." "Shush. You would be attractive if you weren't a drunk who dresses like he robs graves and you took a bath more than once a quarter. And I'm sure that whatever your impairment is, the Capitol has a pill to counteract it. Surely, you can sit down with Peeta and impart something useful that will turn Katniss's scowl into something more befitting a glowing young bride?" "Did you just come onto me? Because I think you just called me handsome. I'm flattered, Sunshine. Really. You don't have to fake a crisis just to get into my pants. You just need to ask me nicely." Effie gapes. "I am appalled that you would think such a thing. I would never insinuate that you and I should…that we should…that we could be anything more than collaborators who are both interested in the ongoing success and happiness of our victors." She recovers her enthusiasm quickly. "Now, you will need to take Peeta aside at the same time as I speak with Katniss. I have slated the entire first day of our journey back to District 12 for this conversation so we have ample time to discuss specifics as needed. Thank goodness that will only give them one night together on the train before we return them to the bosoms of their family. I suppose it's too much to ask that they sleep in their own compartments." She sighs heavily before continuing, "Katniss will need a full set of lingerie, of course, and I'll need to instruct her as to how to wear each item. That alone will take half the day. As for you and Peeta, will you require any learning aids? I've already taken the liberty of procuring several detailed anatomy drawings since time is of the essence." Haymitch crosses to the bar below the sweeping windows, where fireworks have just begun painting the sky with a myriad of colors. "You got the kids some porn? That's really nice of you, and I'm sure they'll appreciate it. But there's at least one flaw in your plan: Katniss can't stand you." Effie bristles. "That is not true—" "Remember training for the interviews? You two could barely work together. Plus, what could you possibly have to work through that would take an entire day? The boy is a teenager. And he loves her. Katniss showing any sort of interest in him is going to have him going off like those fireworks out there." Haymitch points toward the window. "So what do you suggest? Katniss has certain marital duties that she must know about." Haymitch takes a long minute to grab another glass from the bar before he pours a measure of deep ruby liquid into both and crosses to Effie. "I can't believe I'm about to say this, but I think you're right. We've got to sit them down and have a talk with them about what they can expect from their marriage. You have great rapport with Peeta, so why don't you take him aside? Besides, the boy's got older brothers who aren't totally crass idiots when it comes to women, if the gossip around town is to be believed. He's coachable. Unlike our girl." He sighs and hands a glass to her. "I'll take the girl. She'll listen to me, as much as she'll listen to anyone." "You're aware of everything you need to discuss?" "I do have a rudimentary understanding of male anatomy. Unless, of course, you're offering to give me a refresher?" Haymitch winks and raises his glass. "You're a pig." Effie tosses her head, eyes flashing, but she raises her glass as well. "I love it when you talk dirty, Sunshine." Haymitch takes a