Author's note- In this truth or dare fan fic, we'll be having Percy, Annabeth, Thalia, Nico, Jason, Piper, Leo, Connor and Travis Stoll, Silena, Katie and Maranda. In this people who have died in the series are for some un-explained reason still alive. This will take place presumably after the HOO storyline so they're just a year older than present. Now, LET IT BEGIN MUHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA cough cough I love these stories! Also, there's lemons! But I SUCK at lemons and don't want to be too inappropriate so… Also Thalia isn't a hunter in this soooo… Coughdrops! Some couples we have are- Percabeth, Percer, Percina, Leranda, Leone, Thalico, Tratie, Coranda, Jaser, Jasobeth, and a BUTT LOAD more. Also an Aphrodite lemon is kind of borrowed. I didn't copy and paste, I typed it myself but read it from a lemon cuz I suck at lemons myself. Also, sorry, one last thing. There might not be pussy licking and shit. I just don't get it and it's really hard to type like "Percy licked Leo's pussy folds der her" But yeah Leo doesn't have a pussy. Just felt like typing Leo's name XD PS. Some dares and ideas I got from other fan-fictions. I needed some help… DISCLAIMER- I don't own PJO or HOO sadly. :( (3Rd POV) "The rules are simple! Take clothing off if you don't do a dare, and kiss a random boy or girl if you don't do the truth! Whatever happens here STAYS here in the Aphrodite Cabin!" said Silena as she locked the doors. Everybody was sitting around in the room some on bunks and some on the floor. "So who goes first? How about you Percy?" "Sure. Silena, truth or dare?" "Dare." "I dare you to French Kiss Chiron without any clothes." Silena took off her shirt revealing a blue bra. "Percy, now it's my turn…" Silena said with a devilish smile. "Truth or dare?" "Dare?" "I dare you to have 7 minutes in heaven with Annebeth naked. And you guys have to strip down in front of us. If you deny this bet Percy, TWO pieces of clothing are coming off, and it's the bottom ones." "You Aphrodite girl!" Percy said. "I'm not gonna do this guys." Annabeth protested. "But you have to unless Percy says no. Only the dared can refuse." "Annabeth, come on." Said Percy as he took off all his clothes, revealing his dick. Silena, Thalia, Piper, Katie and Annabeth bore hungry eyes into it. After Annabeth balked for a minute, she grudgingly got undressed and then the whole room was looking at Percy and Annabeth naked. Annabeth couldn't help but sneak a look at Percy's thing. She wondered if being naked in a closet with her love could be that bad. "Well? Are you modeling for us, get in the closet!" Silena smirked being the ringmaster of this game. (Annabeth POV) Huge. Gargantuan. Those are the words I will use to describe his godly penis. Awkward on so many levels yet my wildest dream come true. I was in a HUGE walk-in closet with PERCY NAKED. I couldn't describe the feelings I was having at the moment. I wasn't that up to it in the beginning, but I reminded myself to give a thank you to Silena after this. This was going to happen SOME-time, but having it now is so much better. I was scared on how Percy looked hesitant to everybody except to me, where he looked excited. The choice was in his hands and he took it. But I can't blame him because I might have chosen this too. "Listen Annabeth, I'm so sorry. If you just want to stand here and wait, I'll totally understand." Percy said apologetically. And this is where I got weird. Sometimes, the strange and normal side gets the better of me and does crazy stuff in return for acting so stern and Athena-like, but in the moment I acted like a Percy. I grabbed his shaft with one hand and his back with the other, and I leaned over and started making out with him. "Let's use this walk in closet. I hear the carpet is soft. Why don't we have some fun on it?" I temporarily let go of his shaft and pushed him gently to the carpet where he lied on his back and looked at me as I came in for his dick. I came down hard and sucked it like there's no tomorrow. At first Percy was absolutely stunned, but shock was replaced by moans and a smile so big that it pushed all the cabins out of the way. After a minute of that, my mouth came off it, much to my dismay, and my hand gingerly touched his throbbing penis. I started to rub it, and then gave him a hand job. After some of that I leaned over and let him have a turn of what he does best. (Percy POV) If I wasn't so happy and stunned, I might've paid more attention to the fact that there was a flash through the giant shutters in the closet door. Whatev, I'll deal with whoever snapped a photo later. Annabeth put her elbows on the floor, stretched her ass out far, and prepared for impact, thought it looked like she was taken by surprise. More like taken by shaft. It was the best feeling ever. I thrust in and out, in and out. I couldn't stop. She moaned and groaned, but that only turned me on more. "Percy! Percy! Perrrrcy! Don't stop!" "Ugh, ugh I think I might-" "Hey guys, time is- WOAH!" said Silena as she opened the closet doors, followed by Everybody right behind her. Travis and Connor were next to her, snapping photos and filming like mad. Annabeth slumped on the floor exasperated and when she turned she desperately grabbed a bath robe off a hanger and covered her boobs and other parts. If I wasn't so surprised I might have described her beautiful tits, which must have been made by the finest architects on Olympus. I was so surprised I flipped around, my large erected dick hanging in the air. A smidge of cum flew off it and landed in Leo's hair who screamed and ran into the Aphrodite Cabin shower and turned it on, clothes and all. Silena slammed the closet door shut and slid our clothes underneath the door. "Well guys, we'll give you a minute to get dressed and, um, sort yourselves out. Hope it was, uh, heaven in there." She said through the door. Me and Annabeth got dressed and came out blushing. I hoped someone would make Silena pay. (Jason POV) That was nasty. I always knew Annabeth and Percy were crazy about each other and would take down the gods to save each other, but to fuck in a closet naked for 7 minutes with people mere feet away? Talk about love birds. Not that me and Piper were much better. "Jason, it's your turn." "Okay… Leo, truth or dare?" "Um truth, I mean dare." "Okay, stick your hand down Silena's panties for the next 3 rounds." Silena was obviously not that irked out, as if dudes stuck their hands down her panties every day. It kinda took away from the dare, but the look on Leo's face was priceless. He's never kissed a girl, much less felt their stuff, at least that's what I'm guessing. "Katie, it's your turn." "Ahh good, Piper, truth or dare?" "Dare." "Come over here. Jason, step out into the closet for a sec, k'?" "Okay… Eww I stepped in cum! Gee, I wonder where THAT could've come from?" "Shut up!" Percy yelled. "Okay Piper, I want you to use charmspeak to seduce Jason after the game, okay?" Katie whispered into Piper's ear. "Fine…" "Okay Jason, you can come back into the room." "Finally…" (Piper) "Nico, truth or dare?" "Truth." "Would you screw Thalia if you had the chance?" "I, um, I guess?" Thalia blushed on the other side of the room, then made pointed outside. Then both of them went to Hade's cabin, though Thalia was basically dragging Nico who was in denial. (Author note- I freaking hate Nico and Thalia, such boring characters, but now they're gone so yay!) "Okay, it's time for me to dare someone." Annabeth said. "You two," she said as she pointed at Travis and Katie," Have to skinny-dip in the tub together in the bathroom for the next half hour. " Annabeth gave her signature evil plan smile. Katie gulped. Travis looked nervous. "But we don't- We're not-" Katie tried to desperately put a stop to the dare. "Go in. NOW." The 2 walked inside the bathroom and started up. Their clothes slid under the door back into the room several minutes later. "Okay Silena, truth or dare?" Leo asked. "Dare." "Make out naked with Maranda in the middle of the room." "NO!" Maranda yelled. "The person dared is the one who makes the decision. And if Silena wants to make out naked with a lady for a change, she can." "It would be fun to try a lady for once…" Silena pondered. "NO Silena don't, please! I'm begging you!" "Could we come up with a compromise?" Silena asked. "I guess 2 articles of clothing from each, and you were going to get fucked… Why don't we have some fun?" Leo asked Maranda. "Um no Leo, please not." But by then Leo was already dragging Maranda to the closet, and it looked like he was gonna pop her open like a chip bag. Geez, Leo needs a restraining order on all girls. "Somebody, please, Leo stop!" But they were already in the closet and Leo was deep in work. Within the minute though Maranda was into it. All that could be heard were groans and moans from the closet. Several minutes later Silena only had panties on, and Annabeth had to slap Percy's head twice to shake him out of the hypnotic spell of Silena's tits. "Percy, it's your turn." "Okay, Piper, truth or dare?" "Dare!" "Do a motorboat with Silena." "Why am I the main dare subject?!" "I don't know…" "Um no way, I'll just take off a piece of clothing." No way I was gonna do a motorboat with Silena. I took off my shirt and showed my apple green bra. I couldn't tell whether I was annoyed and happy that Jason was staring at me like a hungry puppy. (Percy POV) After fucking Annabeth, I was in the mood for sex and nudity. Hopefully I'll be next. "Annabeth, truth or dare?" "Truth." Annabeth said uneasily. All she had on was a bra and panties. I wish I could be ripping them off and getting down. "Annabeth, if you had to choose between your dad and Percy, like one of them had to die, who would you choose?" "I-I can't decide." "Then the bra comes off!" She slowly took off her bra, and in bright lights, I have to say she looked fucking amazing. Her tits perfectly shaped and so big, so hot. I wish right then and there I could get a dare to fuck her. "Okay Percy, truth or dare?" "Dare." I say. Ugh, why did I say dare?! By then, Leo, who looks like he inhaled a tank of smiley gas and Maranda, who's pale and sweaty, come out of the closet. "Percy, I dare you to have fully fledged naked sex with anyone in this room except Annabeth, for 5 whole minutes in the middle of the room." Well, I'll admit, I was a bit mad at Jason for pressuring Annabeth like that before, even if it opened the chance for her to be naked, I did something pretty bad. But it was awesome. "Anybody?" "Anybody except Annabeth." "Okay. I'll fuck you." "What?" By then, I was already stripping down, and Piper, who only had panties and a bra on, was still in shock. I ripped off