Percy was in the lead until he heard Rachel call his name from a far. "Percy stop!" she called, Percy turned on his heal's about to protest when he saw Annabeth on the ground. "What happened?" he asked as he joined his friends. "She's dying..." said the son of Hades , making the two jump. "What do u mean!" Percy asked stunned. Nico rolled his eyes annoyed. "What part of she's dying did u not get Jackson? " hissed Nico, Percy balled his fist. Right before it could gey out of hand, Rachel stepped in. "Ladies, ladies your both gorges. Now, Annabeth is dying so I need u two boy to smat'in up! I'll lead from hear on, since I am the only one who can see the misty path to camp. Percy u carry Annabeth and Nico u stay in the back and gourd us. Now MOVE OUT!" she ordered, both boys looked at each other stunned, but other wise did as told. - "Almost there guys!" reported Rachel, Percy who had been holding Annabeth came to a dead stop, Nico felt a cold breeze wash over his body, he slowly looked over at Percy. "She's-n-n-not breathing-" stammered Percy. In that time, Rachel stopped to look back at the boys. Finally letting lose a sob. Nico hung his head and hit the dirt floor onto his knees. "She died of cancer Percy I'm-I'm so, so very sorry..." said Nico before crying. Percy sat down with Annabeth still in his arms. He looked at her sickly pale face and broke down himself. An hour past before the group got moving again. As soon as the party of now three reached camp Chiron camp over asking about Annabeth, but as soon as he saw the looks on their faces his eyes widened and then teared up. "I'm sorry" chocked Percy as he placed the daughter of Athena down. A FEW DAYS BEFORE:ANNABETH`S P.O.V "Put your cap back on," Percy said. "Get out!"' "What?" I shrieked. "No! I'm not leaving you." Even as I said it, I realised he was right. There were just too many telkhines. Either one of us fled with the cap, or the sea demons shredded us both. "I've got a plan. I'll distract them. You can use the metal spider—maybe it'll lead you back to Hephaestus. You have to tell him what's going on." "But you'll be killed!" I tried to protest. "I'll be fine. Besides, we've got no choice." I glared at him. Of all the times for him to be right for once… But as I continued glaring at him, several details about him began popping out annoyingly at me, like how handsome he was (hey, you gotta admit – the guy's good-looking), how gorgeous the fiery light of the volcano made his sea-green eyes appear, or how heroic that determined glint in them made him look. I felt like slapping myself. This was not the time to worry about my teensy-weensy crush on my best friend. But at the same time I couldn't help thinking how incredibly sweet and courageous it was for him to be sacrificing himself for me like this, putting his life out on the line to protect me. No, stop it , I chided myself. He just cares about you as a friend. We couldn't afford to waste time on this sort of drama. I didn't know if he thought of me as more than that. In fact, I didn't even know if I thought of him that way. I wasn't even sure of my own emotions. If I went that way with him, I might just end up breaking his heart. Then I took a second look at the teeming horde of telkhines, and my walls came tumbling down. Who was I kidding? I'd had a crush on Percy since we were twelve. And…after going through so much with him…getting to know him so well…I guess it had grown into…well, more than a crush. True, I wasn't sure what I felt, but I was sure I felt something . Something strong . And…and now…even though he said he would be fine, we both knew that his chances of escaping without the cap were microscopic. I might never see Percy again. I might never get to let him know how I really felt about him. And…okay, I'll admit it, I've had my fair share of fantasies about kissing Percy. So, before I could change my mind, I leaned in, and quickly pressed my lips to his. I was positively dizzy when I pulled away. His lips tasted like the sea. Kissing him felt even more amazing than I'd imagined it would. And the subsequent look of confusion on his face was incredibly cute. "Be careful, Seaweed Brain," I said, then I put on the cap and vanished, preventing the situation from growing any more awkward. Then the realisation that that was probably the last time I'd ever see him hit me with full force. My eyes stung with tears as I fled towards the entrance to the Labyrinth. I didn't dare look back. It would hurt too much to watch Percy die. "Let us see how strong he is. Let us see how long it takes him to burn!" I heard one of the telkhines say. A knife of pain twisted in my heart. "Oh gods, Percy…" I whispered, hot tears streaming down my face. The image of Percy engulfed in flames, slowly burning to death, curled up on the floor and screaming in pain, flashed before my eyes. I was so tempted to turn around, but I had a horrible feeling that that was exactly what I would see. I had just entered the Labyrinth when I heard it. His scream. It was a blood-curdling howl of pure agony that filled my veins with icy acid, smashed my heart to pieces, stopped me in my tracks, and brought me to my knees, sobbing uncontrollably. I couldn't imagine the kind of pain that Percy must've been going through. I didn't want to. And though I'd known from the moment the telkhines showed up that he had barely any chance of surviving this at all, the thought that Percy might actually be dead tore me apart inside. But I forced myself to my feet, my body still wracked with sobs. If Percy really had given his life for me (I felt another stab of heartbreak at the thought), I wasn't going to let his sacrifice be in vain. I steadied myself, and continued running through the corridor. And then he screamed again. This time, it wasn't a scream of pain, but a scream of raw, primal power, which seem to resound through the foundations of reality itself. For a brief moment, all I felt was relief. Percy was still alive. Thank the gods. Then my nostrils were suddenly filled with the scent of the sea, which made no sense at all, given that we were in a volcano. And then I heard an enormous, resounding, watery crash, like a tsunami slamming into a beach, which made even less sense. And the volcano exploded. I turned back to see it filled with white, misty gas, rapidly rocketing skyward. Was that…steam? Where had all of it come from? I didn't have time to figure out. The tunnel shook violently, and bits of rock fell from the ceiling. Then a pile of rubble collapsed in front of the entrance, cutting me off from the volcano…and from Percy. "NO!" I screamed, sprinting back towards the entrance. I grabbed at the pieces of rubble blocking it off, pulling at them, but to no avail. The rocks refused to budge. "Percy!" I screamed, hoping that somehow he'd be able to hear me through the rock pile. "Percy, please, answer me! Percy, are you there? PERCY!" The tunnel stopped shaking. I listened carefully. Nothing. "Percy?" My voice echoed uselessly off the walls of the tunnel. I fell to the ground again, fresh sobs in my throat, tears stinging my eyes once more. For a brief moment, my hopes had been raised by the sound of his voice. Even though it was only a distant scream, at least I knew he was still alive. Then the volcano exploded, and my hopes were crushed to the ground. There was no way Percy could have survived that. That was it. He was gone. It was over. I curled up in a ball against the rubble, sobbing and crying like a little girl. Percy was dead. He'd given his life to save me. The aftertaste of his lips still lingered mockingly on mine. But Percy was dead. I was never going to see him ever again. I don't know how long I spent there, just lying helplessly against the rocks, shedding miserable tears of despair and anguish, but when I got up, my thoughts were much clearer. Part of me still wished I'd been standing by his side till the very end, that I'd died with him, but most of me realised that Percy hadn't sacrificed himself just to save me . I had a report to deliver to Hephaestus. And I also realised that, if he'd somehow managed to survive the explosion, he might have landed safely in the water. Though the chances of that occurring were, admittedly, microscopic, at least I knew that he wasn't definitely dead. Just almost definitely. I sighed heavily. We had a job to do, and Percy had (almost definitely) given his life so that I could succeed. I wasn't going to let him down. I pulled out the mechanical spider and set it on the ground, flinching as it scurried off into the Labyrinth. I took a deep breath, and began running after the automaton. It didn't take long for me to get back to Hephaestus' workshop. The god was working on a bronze hippalektryon that we'd seen on our first visit. The spider scuttled towards Hephaestus, and starting bonking its head repeatedly against the god's leg. He bent down to pick it up. "Visitors again? So soon?" he rumbled, turning around. His eyes lit up when he saw me, then confusion flickered across his face. "Wait…weren't there four of you before?" Fresh tears stung my eyes, but I blinked them back. "Yes, Lord Hephaestus," I said, trying to keep my voice as steady as possible. He furrowed his brow. "So, the others…" It was difficult to hold back my tears as I explained what had happened after he sent us on to the forge. His entire beard caught fire and his eyes turned black as cinders when I mentioned the telkhines, and he looked puzzled and stroked his beard when I mentioned the explosion. My chest hurt from the effort it took to stop myself from crying as I described Percy's (highly probable) death. "Hmm…the lad's the son of Poseidon, is he?" "Yes, sir." "He might have drawn on his father's nature. Summoned the power of the ocean from within. That would explain the explosion, and the steam." "Is he alright?" I blurted out. I'd been holding in that question from the moment I met the god. I immediately felt embarrassed. I was worried that I was making how much I liked Percy a little too obvious. But apparently the god wasn't exaggerating about how poor his interpersonal skills were, because he didn't seem to notice anything. Hephaestus frowned. "I don't know, my girl." Although I'd been expecting that answer, my heart still sank when he said it. "I'll go down to my forge and look around. Try to figure out what happened, and where he is now. But, in the meantime," he disassembled and reassembled the spider with incredible alacrity, "it'd probably be best for you to return to that camp of yours." Hephaestus set the spider on the ground. I eyed it cautiously, out of instinct. "Farewell, daughter of Athena. And thank you." The spider set off, but as I turned to