Public crowds were a rarity before the war, except for when they'd been mandatory assemblies. Everybody had gone about with heads buried in their private miseries, avoiding anything that might draw them together. Even now they drew close with the hesitancy of people who feared being taken out with one shot. Haymitch was feeling nosy. Sometimes the liquor did that. The stash he was bringing home from the market was already depleting itself. He stumbled over and pushed his way through the milling throng with cheerful combativeness. "What is it?" Greasy Sae spared him a look from the ground, where she was crouched over a still form. A body. Haymitch did not recognize the man whose head was bashed in bloodily. "One of the kids found him." Away from the group, Haymitch saw a wide-eyed little girl crying hysterically into an adult's arms. The cynical part of his nature wondered how she still found death such a shock. "Who was it?" someone asked. "One of the refugees," Sae murmured, closing the man's eyes. Poor slob, thought Haymitch. The man had run away from devastation and straight into the wrong end of a heavy branch. As always whenever a problem emerged he assessed how much he ought to reasonably care, and resignedly remained where he was standing. Over some heads he saw Peeta wandering over with curiosity. He managed to part the crowd with less difficulty than Haymitch, ignoring the looks of consternation some of the townspeople still gave him. Haymitch felt irritated with them. "What happened? Oh." His eyes widened at the sight. Someone came over with a sheet and draped it over the body, sparing any more villagers the grisly sight. A few men came and lifted the body onto a board and bore him through the crowd. The little girl watched them go with a fresh wave of tears. Sae stood and wiped her hands on her apron. "We should notify any family he had." "I don't think he had any." The words were Delly's, she looking sorrowful. She stood on the fringes, where she'd been peeking at the scene through her fingers. "He came alone." She would know. Upon returning to District 12 the Cartwright girl had launched right into the mess of sorting out refugees arriving and departing. Even Haymitch had to admit, the girl's bright smile was the finest greeting a person could expect. Delly squirmed a little under further questions from the crowd, who the man was, and where he'd come from, was there anybody they ought to contact. Her plump face, normally so pleasant, was strained with the distress of holding something back. Eventually she burst out, "I think he was a Peacekeeper." That silenced the questions. Delly wrung her hands. "So—maybe there's someone he left in District 2. He was so vague." Haymitch groped for a flask and found one at the ready, draining most of what was sloshing in it. "We'll bury him tonight," said Sae. Her granddaughter, heedless of efforts to keep her away from the scene, shuffled forward and Sae put her arm around the girl. Then the woman went over to the girl who'd found the body and Haymitch could hear her offering the poor little child a hot cup of cocoa, a new wonder arrived from the Capitol. The crowd began to disperse, and Peeta looked around incomprehensibly. "Isn't somebody going to do something?" he asked. "A man just died ." "What do you expect anyone to do?" asked Jonner, one of the men who still worked the mines. He was coated in black grime. "He was a Peacekeeper." While Jonner didn't say it, the words he deserved it trailed the end of the sentence and hung in the air like an ugly fume. Haymitch had once heard Sae wonder aloud whether the layer of dust that coated the Seam was from black coal or black humors. "That doesn't mean we should ignore justice," said Greasy Sae, coming back to them. "Well it means he'll have to wait his turn for it," Jonner said gruffly, beginning to turn away. "So it's okay that somebody can act as judge and jury and executioner, alone." Peeta frowned, and Haymitch wanted to tell him that this was a battle lost before the firing began. Especially considering Katniss had taken justice into her own hands in a very public, and unpredictable, manner not a year before. A woman holding an infant spoke up, having approached the scene only after the body had been taken away. "You're defending a Peacekeeper? You don't know what he's done." " Nobody does," Peeta argued. "He might have done nothing. Besides, we didn't know he was a Peacekeeper. Who's to say that whoever killed him did know? Then it's just the murder of a civilian. Like any one of us." This had a better effect on their attitudes. Haymitch took an admiring swig from his flask. Then Peeta said: "We ought to have some kind of official police." Just that quickly, Peeta had doused the flame. Shocked faces met him from all around. The swig Haymitch took this time was rueful. He took all kinds of swigs. Celebratory, ironic, thoughtful. "You are not serious." This, Greslin, another miner, said flatly. Disbelief was echoed in every other face. "We got rid of the Peacekeepers and you want to bring them back." "I want rules. Don't you think there should be a rule that you can't murder people?" Peeta said in a mild tone that Haymitch knew all too well. Greslin blinked at him. "Well—sure," he said slowly. What else could he say? "No murdering anybody. Rule number one." "So who is going to make sure that stays a rule and not just a suggestion?" "I-" Greslin frowned and shoved his hands in the pockets of his greasy coveralls. "We are not bringing in Peacekeepers." "I didn't say that." Peeta spread his hands placatingly. Haymitch had approached an angry goose in much the same way. "But it's been close to a year since any Peacekeepers have been here. Everybody can do things freely now they had to get away with before." Ah, thought Haymitch. "There used to be rules about going through the fence. Now anybody can do it. There used to be rules about what you could say. Now anybody says anything they want. There used to be rules about murder." Several people shuffled uncomfortably. "They killed a man and left his body where anyone could find it. Because they knew they could." Haymitch smiled. Now it wasn't only that somebody had gotten killed. Now it was that someone had done this deliberately with the knowledge that the district was powerless to punish them. In less than two minutes Peeta had turned it from a personal, violent attack to a purposeful snub at the hollow joke of the local authority. Haymitch watched the transfiguration of expressions with amusement. For a community that had been pummeled into submission to a distant authority for so long, they had an inordinate amount of pride. Judging by the vague annoyance in Peeta's face Haymitch figured the boy had hoped that their sense of decency would have suffered greater bruising than their dignity. Haymitch knew better. When you'd been oppressed for so long, it was your distorted sense of pride that kept you alive, not some fluffy communal righteousness. "By now you know that you and the Cartwright girl are the only nice people around. You're an endangered species," he commented to Peeta as they walked to their homes in the Victor's Village, after Peeta had exacted promises from the group to discuss the matter further. "We ought to set up statues of you two in the square to guilt everybody as they walk by." It came out less rudely than he'd intended. "What?" said Peeta distractedly. Haymitch glanced over to see if the boy was paying attention, and found his eyes were unfocused. "I don't know," said Peeta in answer to nothing. "It's not." He veered away a little. So did Haymitch. Anymore these episodes of confusion did not often last long but this time it was several minutes before Peeta seemed to understand where he was. Haymitch stuck around long enough to make sure the boy didn't wander into a ditch and break his neck and when it looked like Peeta was more or less Peeta again, Haymitch went quickly to his geese and liquor, unable to face the boy's subsequent shame. Those demented moments spooked him, which was nothing next to the way they affected Katniss. Even now, it was a surreal thing to witness and felt uncomfortably like spying on something private. Somebody had carved a piece of that boy out and put something alien in its place. "You're raising a little army," a voice said the next day, and Haymitch didn't have to look over his shoulder to picture Katniss's disgust with geese that were every bit as ornery as Haymitch. At this point, spurred on by the incident the day before and the usual things that set him to drinking, Haymitch was tipsy. "They are my children," he said, spreading his arms. Katniss walked to his counter and unceremoniously shoved off a pile of debris before sitting on it. Haymitch thought about protesting for the hypocritical fun of it but instead regarded her with cloudy eyes, not able to format a properly scathing comment. "Why the visit?" "Peeta is talking to some people from the village." For such a loner she was terrible at being alone. "Why didn't you go?" Katniss shrugged. "It doesn't have anything to do with me." "Not much does, anymore. Isn't that nice?" She said nothing but stared down a goose that had wandered inside. "Drink?" Haymitch waggled a bottle at her. Katniss gave him a flat look so with a "well I offered" shrug he downed the rest of it. "Thass good," he slurred shortly afterwards. "You shouldn' drown your worries, it will float your liver." "Thank you." "I never stop mentoring." "You really never do." "So why didn't you go, again?" He cocked an eyebrow at her. "Thought you'da gone to back him up." Silence. "'Less'n you disagree with him." "We don't need Peacekeepers," Katniss said with sudden heat. "Do we need to keep peace?" She gave him an incredulous look. "You cannot agree with him." "Sweetheart, I live to be contrary. I don't agree or disagree or give a rat's ass in general." He closed his bleary eyes. "Is that why you're here? See which side I'm on?" The girl leaned her head back against a cabinet. "No." She did not sound sure. "Well, you'll get no help from my quarter." A snort from her indicated the extent to which she'd expected it. Katniss jerked as Haymitch abruptly sat his bottle down with a heavy thud. "Let's go," he said. "Where?" "To hear what Loverboy's got to say." He didn't always like what Peeta said, but he often liked the way he said it. Plus, he felt he owed the boy at least the pathetic show of support Haymitch could offer. "I thought you didn't care," said Katniss, but she slid off the counter. Haymitch packed some liquor for the excursion. "Not what he thinks, no. But half the town still eyeballs 'im like they're expecting him to go for their jugulars." This ellicited the flash of guilt he'd expected and the girl wordlessly followed him into the waning light outside. First, he tossed a kiss to the geese and Katniss tossed them a scowl. In the short going-on-twelve months since the refugees had begun filtering back into the district, the debris and desolation had cleared up remarkably. Haymitch had seen the ruins that the Capitol had made of District 12, and at the time could not imagine the then-mythical bare ground that seemed to lay fathoms beneath the bricks and bones. The bricks and bones were gone, almost as if by magic. Touches of other districts assimilating into