Chapter 1: Strangers Sometimes Hermione wondered how things would've gone if she was a pureblood wizard. It was one thing to verbally refuse to argue or discuss differences in bad blood as he had in the old days. But it was another to propose to one and have an affair… or whatever this was called… with her. A mudblood. One thing that kept coming up was his concept of marriage. His hesitancy to be fully committed and involved with one woman in his life. Hermione Granger sighed. It was a cold night. The feelings and thoughts that she had refused to think about hit her all at once. "So how's it going with Astoria?" Hermione held a glass of red wine in her right hand, watching as the steady stirring of the glass made hypnotic ripples within. She slowly brought it to her lips, avoiding Draco's steady gaze on her. "How do you think its going?" "Oh Malfoy, you know its all denial. You know, when you get married-" Hermione grinned from ear to ear as her excitement grew from the concept of marriage. She almost bounced from her seat, imagining her own wedding. "Married? Marriage? " Draco's eyes widened as his pale gray eyes penetrated her light hazel orbs. "Well, you are getting married, aren't you?" She shrank back down as her bubble was burst. Draco tucked both hands into the pockets of his robes and felt something he had forgotten about throughout the whole conversation. He was so absorbed by her. "Of course I am. Do you think I'll live my life as a pedophile who buys young girls for sex?" Hermione pretended to think about what he said. "Yeah, pretty much sounds like you." Draco rolled his eyes but said nothing. "Hermione." He glanced at Hermione "There's- there's something I want you to have." He brought out a medium sized box from his pocket and slid it across the table with his hand, being extremely careful to avoid her eyes. "…Malfoy?" Hermione replied holding on to the sides of her chair in anxiety and tilting her head to the side. Draco in contrast crossed his arms across his chest but left the box on the table. "Hm." he shrugged. "Well?" he said, motioning to the box. Hermione raised a brow and chuckled. She slowly reached out for the box and opened it revealing a 16 carat heart shaped diamond necklace in platinum. At its base, it had a subtle slytherin trademark of a serpent wrapped around a key with an emerald eye. "Very subtle." She thought aloud. Draco smirked. Hermione observed the necklace, noting how it seemed to reflect every light that was in the room, making it seem even more beautiful. "This seems very…" Hermione had a hard time describing her new treasure. "Slytherin?" "Yes…" She trailed off absorbed in her own thoughts. Hermione stared at a chandelier that was glowing over a man in his early twenties. She found him quite attractive. She was surprised when she found him staring back at her and giving her a smirk. Draco traced Hermione's eyes and found her observing a chandelier. "Hermione!" he snapped her out of her trance as she jumped a little in her seat, her head snapping to the owner of the voice. "Jeez, Malfoy you didn't have to scream! I'm right in front of you!" Draco shrugged and walked over to Hermione's side of the table, grabbing hold of the opened box that had been ignored. "What- What are you doing, Malfoy?" "Stop calling me the same name you called my father." "I called him Mr. Malfoy. You're just Malfoy or just Draco, sometimes." "I can be just Draco, even if its sometimes." He took out the necklace that Hermione had the strongest urge to put on and unclipped it. "Hermione." A chill went up and down her spine as he breathed out her name. She closed her eyes as she felt something cold wrapping around her neck. She instinctively reached for the object and realized that it was the necklace. "This- This is... a piece of my heart." His usual dark stormy grey eyes had turned a lighter shade, seeming to emphasize his sincerity. "Draco, I-" suddenly she felt tears forming in her eyes. 'I thought you didn't have a heart.' She thought. She bit her tongue from saying it out loud. "Are you crying?" Draco looked almost horrified. "No, am I crying?" Hermione, herself looked shocked as she searched her face with a hand for tears frantically. Draco almost genuinely smiled and almost reached out to touch her hand. "Stop. You look ridiculous." "You really do know how to ruin the moment, don't you, Draco?" Hermione frowned as Draco smirked. 'I really wish I could keep this moment forever-' She thought ' -just me and you here, now, everything else just fading in the background.' But she knew it was an ignorant thought and tried her best to brush it off. The restaurant they had been dining at was the highly acclaimed "Lolovivi" where they served food along with varieties of music. Lolovivi was the first to start playing muggle music in its restaurants, purebloods were unable to tell the difference until told. "Does Astoria know about this?" Hermione asked, although she knew the answer. After a momentary pause, Draco seemed hesitant to speak. Hermione was about to take off the necklace. "No. A-and keep it on." He spoke quickly, avoiding her gaze. "I just...Malfoy, I think we need to end this before it gets too serious-" Hermione avoided his eyes. She could feel his gaze steady on her, every movement she made she felt his eyes follow. Whatever this is…" "Really?" "Yes, I mean-" Draco raised an eyebrow at Hermione's sudden nervousness. -you know what? Its getting late. I think... I think I've better go. I have work tomorrow." The waiter who had been nearby offered to assist her out of her chair, but Hermione refused to be helped by a stranger to get out of her own chair and grabbed her purse, and slinged it on her shoulder. "I don't understand?" Draco looked at Hermione with a thoroughly confused look running a hand through his hair and giving it a tug in frustration. "You never did." Hermione whispered, more to herself and left him standing confused, and well confused! What the hell? He just gave her a diamond necklace and she just runs off like that. He collapsed in his chair as she continued to make her way out of his sight. It was a Friday. Since when did people care about staying up late on Fridays and who actually has work on Saturdays? Hermione Granger, that's who! "Go after her!" a man, who was watching the whole scenario cried, already out of earshot of Hermione. "What do you know? Get the hell out of my bloody business, you little camp!" he yelled at the young man and mumbled some words under his breath that were inaudible and disapparated to Malfoy Manor, not turning back. Hermione went to the charmed garden of Lolovivi where there was various music playing in different areas of the garden. She sighed. Just then a familiar song caught her ear. It was a muggle song she had heard often. There's no combination of words I could put on the back of a postcard No song that I could sing But I can try for your heart Our dreams, and they are made out of real things Like a, shoebox of photographs With sepia tone loving Love is the answer, At least for most of the questions in my heart Like why are we here? And where do we go? And how come it's so hard? It's not always easy and Sometimes life can be deceiving I'll tell you one thing it's always better when we're together Hermione fell in a trance like state as she fell in to a dreamworld created partially by her imagination and partially by her past memoirs. "I think I'm going mad." she muttered and started talking to herself, staring at her feet which felt blistered and beaten by wearing heels for 3 hours. She had vowed never to wear such degrading things that made her walk funny in front of anyone, but it was always Draco Malfoy. Always Malfoy that made her break rules, vows, even her own morals! "Merlin, he would've been the end of me." Hermione murmured and was surprised when she felt a tapping on her shoulder. And all of these moments Just might find their way into my dreams tonight But I know that they'll be gone When the morning light sings And brings new things For tomorrow night you see That they'll be gone too Too many things I have to do But if all of these dreams might find their way Into my day to day scene I'd be under the impression I was somewhere in between With only two Just me and you Not so many things we got to do Or places we got to be We'll Sit beneath the mango tree now "Oh, hello Ron. What brings you here?" Hermione was glad to see Ron, but wasn't really in the mood to talk. "Just meeting with some co-workers and friends. We're all at table number 3. Do you want me to tell the others you're here?" Hermione could see a flush of crimson spread about his freckled face. "Um, no its alright. I just want to be alone for a bit." She sat back down on the classic wooden park bench. The only difference was the bench had no legs to support itself and had the ability to float in any direction. "Oh, well Ginny and Harry are here too if you want to talk to anyone else." Ron gave Hermione a slightly disappointed, yet awkward half-smile as Hermione nodded in response. He turned to leave as Hermione bowed her head almost as if in prayer. She reached up toward her neck blindly and found the sizable diamond that was the main focus of the necklace and ran a finger over it. But I will still tell you one thing It's always better when we're together. Few minutes passed as the sound of crickets engulfed the beautiful garden. The music paused briefly signaling the next song, but Hermione's heart beat harder, faster in her chest. Something she had never known before, something she had never learned, indecisiveness, was the cause of her distress. Hermione slowly turned back toward the exit of the garden, leading back to the restaurant. She went up a charmed elevator, crossed what seemed like an endless red velvet floor and silk curtains that were draped over handcrafted Victorian windows. She passed a tired looking greeter who smiled at her and finally rejoiced when she heard the sound of Mozart. She realized she had been walking briskly and slowed down to catch her breath before she went near the area they had been previously. She slowly walked towards the table where they had been seated earlier, cautious and a bit hesitant, not knowing why she had even decided to come back. Hermione took a seat where the two (Draco and Hermione) had previously been seated. She was somewhat disappointed that Draco had not gone after her, choosing to head back home- to Astoria. "Is there anything you'd like to order?" a menu appeared in front of her as a waiter stood by her to take orders. "Warm water, thank you." The waiter reappeared with a big bottle of wine and warm water on his tray. "I thought I only ordered warm water.." She looked at the waiter in confusion and looked at the Royal Demaria, a little worried at how much it might be worth. "Oh, not to worry. Its a complementary wine." the waiter gave her a nod towards a lone man seated on a love seat, eating the last of his dinner. The waiter uncorked the