Authors note: I posted a few chapters of this last year and then took it down because I wasn't very happy with it. The first chapter of this story is mostly the same, but if you continue to follow this story the rest ( with the exception of a bit of the second chapter) won't be. Just a little heads up :). If this is your very first time reading Predestined I really hope you enjoy x :: Hermione didn't know how she had ended up outside of a dump like this. She quickly amended her thinking when she heard the muffled sound of sniveling behind her. She turned around and gave the sobbing redhead her best sympathetic smile while simultaneously pinning her as the culprit behind the series of unfortunate events that had transpired over the course of the last few hours. She knew she couldn't exactly blame her broken heel, ripped dress, or rain soaked hair on Ginny Weasley, but, if nothing else, the witch was directly responsible for two out of the last three reservations they had already missed. And while she also knew, somewhere deep down, that Ginny hadn't meant to hijack her night, that small fact didn't make her feel any more agreeable towards the witch than she already did. The moment Ginny had apparated into her flat sobbing as if the world as she knew it was crumbling around her was the exact moment Hermione knew her night was going to be shoved into the backseat. She supposed, if she was being fair, she could also place some of the blame on Harry. After all, it had been his bright idea to break up with his girlfriend on the night of his best friends hen party. Hermione clicked her tongue to the roof of her mouth in annoyance. She would most certainly be having a talk with him when this night was over. "Ladies, the prophetess is awaiting your arrival." Hermione felt her skin crawl at the sound of his voice. It was just as greasy as his appearance, if not more so. "Not so fast!" He sang as they tried to shoulder past him. He held his arm over the door to bar them from going any further. "Thirty galleons is required before services can be rendered." He gave the group of witches a wretched smile that was only made worse when they realized how many of his teeth were missing. "Thirty?" Ginny hiccuped, "That's twice what the sign said!" The man shrugged apathetically. "Prices go up with demand, and tonight is a very busy night for the prophetess." He pointed to the line that stretched behind them. "You can pay the price or search the alley for someone as reputable as our prophetess." Hermione couldn't contain her laughter at the thought of a "reputable" glorified fortune teller. She hadn't believed in Divination when she was in school, and her opinion had hadn't changed now that she was three years out. It didn't make it any better that the 'prophetess' offered her readings inside of what looked like a dilapidated building. The man jerked his head over to Hermione, his smile growing as her discomfort did. "What's this? A non-believer in our midst?" He pointed his finger at Hermione who fought the urge to swat it away. "Forty galleons now or you must walk away." "You just said thirty!" Parvati exclaimed. He looked down at his dirt stained nails as if they were more interesting than the conversation at hand. "Price also goes up when the negativity does." He nodded his head towards Hermione who sulked under his stare. "Forty-five galleons now...take it or leave it." "Hermione, don't!" Parvati pleaded half-heartedly as Hermione reached into her coin purse and pulled out the galleons he requested. Hermione ignored her, dropping the coins into the palm of the man's hand. She wanted to get this night done and over with, and it certainly wasn't going to get that way if they stood in the rain arguing all night. He quickly counted the galleons before stuffing them into his back pocket. He nodded at the women before opening the door and stepping aside. "Miss!" The man called out to Hermione, "Because I am a kind man if you come out of this meeting unchanged in your beliefs I will return half of your money!" :: Hermione was counting all of the ways she was going to make Harry Potter pay when they finally reached the prophetess' room. She wrinkled her nose as she looked around the room unable to look past the peeling pink wallpaper and oddly shaped stains that she could only hope were from water damage. "Welcome, ladies, I'm Madam Monroe." The woman announced as they gathered around her small table. She motioned to the chairs around them before smiling airily, "Choose any chair that is calling out to your spirit. There are also some cushions next to the stand if that is where your spirit is guiding you." Madam Monroe waved her hands in the air as if she were fanning herself. "Merlin, I am getting such good energy from all of you," She hummed quietly to herself before closing her eyes,"I'm already sensing that at least one of you needs my guidance. I'm being pulled to one of you over here." She waved her hand near Ginny and Lavender. "It's me!" Ginny looked at the woman as if she couldn't believe she had been right. Madam Monroe smiled warmly, her eyes still closed. "Spectacular. Let me take your hand so I can feel what your spirit needs." She reached forward and laced her fingers with Ginny's. "Ahh, I'm getting that it's heartbreak that brought you to me." "She thought he was going to propose, but he broke up with her instead." Lavender announced, mouthing a 'sorry' to Ginny when the red-faced witch turned to glare at her. Hermione ran her fingers over her throbbing temples and leaned back in her chair. She could already tell they were going to miss another one of their reservations. "Let's see what the crystal ball says about your union." She placed Ginny's hand down gently and rolled up her long billowing sleeves. "Hm, yes, I'm sensing that a young man, not much older than yourself, is at a crossroads of sorts. I'm getting the feeling that he has a very important job." She nodded to herself as she looked deeply into the crystal ball. "A curse-breaker, healer, professor-" She looked up at Ginny who had remained silent as she listed off the different occupations. "An auror?" Ginny threw her hand over her heart. "Yes! He just finished his training last month." "I'm seeing that your young man is in turmoil. He's stuck in between his duties and you." Madam Monroe said softly. She looked around the table at each of the witches, her eyes landing on Hermione who was the only one who didn't seem impressed. "So that's it?" Ginny's voice broke as she asked this, and she buried herself in Lavender's shoulder. Madam Monroe shook her head. "Your story is not finished yet, love." She ran her fingers down the ball. "It's only a new chapter, but it's up to you to write it to your liking." "Bollocks." Hermione muttered under her breath. She jolted in her seat when she felt Lavender's foot connect with her shin. "Ouch, Lav! Why are you all looking at me like that?" She asked crossly, her cheeks tinting at their obvious disapproval. "She's clearly a fraud!" "Hermione!" "No, it's quite alright. There is always one skeptic in a group this size." Madam Monroe held up a hand to stop the objections of the table. "Tell me, what are your concerns?" She asked, turning towards Hermione. "I paid forty-five galleons for you to look into a piece of glass and tell my friend utter rubbish that, quite frankly, I could have told her myself at no cost at all." Hermione slammed her hand down on the table in frustration. "And honestly, she would have been far better off if I-" Hermione's sentence ended abruptly when she was jerked forward by her hand. Madam Monroe turned Hermione's hand over and traced the lines on her palm before she looked up at her with her eyes set wide as if she had been scared. "I would say congratulations are in order-" "Yes, I'm engaged. You can tell by my ring. That's not a revelation that will make me a believer." Hermione gritted out. She wouldn't encourage this woman any more than any of them already had. Madam Monroe shook her head as her fingers continued to trace the contours of Hermione's hand. "No, silly girl, I would say congratulations are in order, but you won't be making it down the aisle." Hermione gasped, renewing her struggle to free her hand. "You wretched-" "At least not with the one who put this ring on your finger. No. Not him at all. Can't be him." Madam Monroe closed her eyes, her lips parting as she breathed in deeply. She pressed her thumb deeply into the middle of Hermione's wrist, and the witch jumped at the feeling of electricity that pricked at her skin. "You, my darling, were predestined for another." Madam Monroe hummed as she let go of Hermione's hand. "His skin burns with fire, but he will never scald you. Not you, no, never you." Madam Monroe placed both of her hands on the side of the now glowing crystal ball. "Not until it's time for the two of you to become one." Hermione jumped to her feet with such vigor that the chair she was sitting in tipped over and fell to the ground with a thud. "Let's go she's absolutely nutters!" She yelled impatiently at her friends. "You will fight it, but you can't fight what's been written in stone. You must save him, or you'll lose yourself too." She called out as the group of girls rushed from the room. "I can't believe you dragged me here to see a nutty old bat!" Hermione tried to run her fingers through her hair but caught her fingers on the knots that had formed from her time spent standing out in the rain. "She seemed like she knew what she was talking about," Lavender mumbled, shrugging under the heat of Hermione's stare. "She reminded me a lot of Professor Trelawney at the end. Didn't she, Parvati?" She looked towards the other witch for back up. "She was nothing like her!" Hermione had hardly ever been a fan of Professor Trelawney, but at least the woman had been right sometimes. "She's nothing more than a Diagon Alley fortune teller with a few party tricks up her sleeve." "How do you explain the ball?" Ginny asked as they neared the end of the hallway. "It started to glow , Hermione." "Your brother owns a store filled with prank toys, and you're asking me about a glowing ball?" Hermione laughed in disbelief. "She either got it from his store or it's a bloody charm." "But you know every charm there is and-" Hermione huffed. "Look, Ron and I are getting married in less than three months and, believe me, I will drag him down the aisle if need be," She promised, "Can we just go home now?" "Leaving so soon, ladies?" The man from earlier asked of them as they walked through the door. He looked at Hermione's face and smiled. "You seemed stressed, love. Is everything alright?" Hermione pointed her finger at the man accusingly. 'You!" She seethed, "I know you put her up to this. Did you get a kick out of it then?" The man placed his hand over his heart. "Me? I have no idea what you're talking about, love." He said innocently, "I can, however, tell that your future isn't what you thought it would be. We can't help what's in store for our us. We can only greet it