:: "Who's there?" Hermione knew it was a simple enough question, but that didn't stop her response from getting caught in the back of her throat the moment she opened her mouth to offer one. "If you're a solicitor you can shove right off; I'm not interested in whatever potions you're hawking this month," The irritated voice on the other side of the door announced. "I can still see your shadow. Shove. Off ." The witch commanded after a few more seconds of silence. Hermione knew she should take that advice, as sound as it was, but she found herself knocking on the door again all the same. There was cursing on the other side of the door following by a long, and rather drawn out, sigh. "For Merlin's sake." The witch breathed out angrily. Hermione hardly had time to react to the sounds of the locks on the door turning before it was swung open and she was face to face with a witch who looked every inch as aggravated as she had sounded through the door. "Absolutely not," The witch laughed after her apparent shock wore off. "Go. Away." She shut the door on Hermione before the brown haired witch had a chance to give her the speech she had practiced the night before. "Pansy," Hermione pleaded, tapping her hand against the black colored door, "Hear me out." She pressed her ear against the door and listened for any sounds on the other side of it. Knowing Pansy, she might have stalked off to another room the moment the door closed. "I just need a minute. I've got nowhere else to go." "Nowhere to go? You could start with your honeymoon for one," Pansy snorted. "I know what yesterday was, Granger. Your lot has had adverts running in the prophets for weeks now! What little name did they give your union again? Something dastardly if I recall." Pansy paused for a moment before letting out another shrill laugh at Hermione's expense. "Nothing to say to that, Granger?" Pansy taunted, "Cat got your-" "I called it off." Hermione admitted as her skin heated. She could hear the gasps from the nosey neighbors who had been watching her from their stations behind their peepholes for the last fifteen minutes. "Called it off or ran off?" Hermione was certain she knew exactly what expression was on Pansy's face despite the door that divided them. "Which one would get you to open the door faster?" Hermione responded as she leaned her forehead against the door. "I-" Her sentence was cut short as the door was pulled open without warning and she was sent tumbling to her knees. "I see you've already invited yourself in," Pansy noted sarcastically, "Do get off your knees before the neighbors call the M.L.E. on you. They probably think you're a beggar." Pansy looked at Hermione from underneath her eyelashes, "For obvious reasons, of course." Hermione stood to her feet. "Thank you, Pansy. It's-" Pansy waved her off dismissively. "I should have known you of all people would show up today," She started as she shut the door and led them to the kitchen, "I broke a mirror last night and was hoping I'd only get seven years of bad luck, but trust the fates to bring you in as my punishment instead." Pansy looked darkly at Hermione, but her eyes held no real malice. "Take a seat, Granger." Pansy stood up on her tiptoes and reached for two pink mugs and a bottle of something Hermione had no interest in. Pansy quirked her eyebrow at Hermione as she uncapped the bottle of whiskey and poured a generous amount of it into one of the mugs. "Are you really going to start drinking this early?" Hermione asked primly. A distant part of her knew she had no business being judgemental given her current predicament, but that didn't stop her from scrunching up her nose in distaste all the same. Pansy laughed as she poured coffee into both mugs. "I've got a runaway muggle in the middle of my kitchen, of course I'm going to drink," She answered as she topped the coffee with thick cream. She rolled her eyes at the look on Hermione's face. "This is nothing to get your knickers in a twist about, Granger. It's only an Irish coffee, I promise." "You're not even Irish, Pansy." "And that's a bloody shame because they've really got the right idea about so many of their meals," She hummed over the top of her mug, "If you go home you can have Weasley cook you up something boring that might fit your prim tastes better. But you can't go home, can you?" She smirked, tilting her head to the side, "How exactly did the golden girl end up in my flat insulting my breakfast instead of on her honeymoon?" Hermione stalled, unsure of how to answer. She chewed on her bottom lip and reached for the mug across from her, tightening her fingers around the outside of the mug as she got stuck in her own thoughts. "I need a favor." Hermione said finally, staring down at the swirling brown liquid in her coffee mug. She didn't feel brazen enough to claim that it would be a small one. "I need a place to stay...for only a bit until I get things situated." "You know, Granger, I pegged you for a lot of things: a know-it-all, a blushing virgin, the biggest swot of our generation." She let her voice trail off as she ticked off a finger for each thing she listed. "But never as someone who'd just up and run off like you have. You're just chock full of surprises, aren't you?" Pansy said almost appreciatively. Hermione shook her head quickly. "I didn't run off," She denied as a telling blush swept across her pale cheeks. "He knows that...I told them I needed some space." "Space?" Pansy parroted blankly. "Yes," Hermione nodded, "To figure things out." "And what?" Pansy laughed darkly, "You got it in your mind that you could do that here with me of all people? Honestly, Granger, you need to go home." Pansy slid off of the barstool and waved her hand towards the door as if the motion would send the witch flying towards it. "My flat isn't the place where you can take your summer hols when you're feeling adventurous. You remember how well that went for you the summer after our eighth year, yeah?" "That's not fair, Pansy, that was.." Hermione shook her head as she tried, and failed, to find the right words. She didn't often think about that summer-she usually tried not to. "This is different." She told her as confidently as she could. Pansy looked at the witch in front of her skeptically. "You sure that's not why you're here?" She asked with a quirk of her eyebrow, "Because I think you want another taste of freedom before you go running back to your boring little life just like you did two years ago." "I'm not-" Hermione stopped when she heard her voice getting louder than she intended. She cleared her throat before settling her fingers back around the outside of her coffee mug. "This is different. I called off a wedding, Pans. There isn't any going back from that." "Where there's a will, and a witch willing to settle, there's always been a way. You should know that better than anyone by now," She replied smugly, "I do have to wonder if you're not here just for-" Pansy stalled at the sound of the door handle jiggling. She cursed to herself before grabbing her coffee mug and pouring its contents down the sink. "Not a word about this." She warned as she turned on the tap to drain the dark liquid completely. The door swung open, revealing a dark-skinned witch with a bright smile and an even brighter sun dress. The witch looked between the two of them curiously as she hung her loose fitting cardigan on the coat rack next to the door. "I didn't know we had company." "We don't," Pansy assured the witch by the door, "She's a...solicitor." "A solicitor?" The witch repeated as she took off her straw brimmed hat and shook out her thick curly black hair. "You invite them in now? I thought you were all about threatening to hex their bits off, not inviting them in for a cuppa." She looked patiently at Pansy and rolled her eyes when the witch merely shrugged in response. The witch turned towards Hermione. "You're a solicitor?" "Yes," Hermione responded, though it sounded more like a question than a definite answer. "Well, no, actually," She admitted with a nervous laugh as the witch stared at her unblinkingly, "Pansy and I went to school together... a few years ago." The witch turned to look at Pansy. "You're lying and hiding your friends from me now?" She asked with her hands set firmly on her hips and her head tilted ever so slightly to the side. "She's hardly a friend, Louisa." Pansy sighed in frustration. She groaned when she realized there was no convincing the witch of otherwise. "Fine, Hermione this is my girlfriend Louisa, " She said as if it pained her, "And Lou, this is Hermione who was actually just leaving before you opened the door." She smiled at her girlfriend who didn't look the least bit convinced. "Don't rush her out all because of me, Pansy." Louisa told her as she walked towards the two witches. She dodged a hug from Pansy before settling into the seat she had left vacant. "I know your name..why do I know it?" Louisa tapped her chin with her index finger as she looked Hermione over. "Because it's been plastered all over the papers for weeks now?" Pansy offered helpfully as she dug into the refrigerator and pulled out a bowl of grapes. She looked disinterestedly between the two witches before popping one of the grapes in her mouth. "She's one-half of the royal wedding." Louisa's jaw dropped. "Oh my Merlin! I've been obsessing over the gossip columns write-ups about you and your dress for weeks!" She breathed out excitedly, "I know there's been some pushback against you going for a muggle dress, but I think it's fantastic that you're honoring your heritage." "Do muggles have return policies or is that a wizarding thing?" Pansy asked innocently as she ate another grape. "Why would she need to return her dress?" Louisa looked towards Pansy who motioned towards Hermione impassively, "Have they pressured you into getting a dress robe? Honestly, what's the big deal about breaking tradition? Pansy and I have been doing it for a year now!" Pansy stuck out her tongue. "Don't compare us to her, Lou." "What's with you?" Louisa frowned as she turned towards Pansy. "There's no need for a dress because I'm not getting married." Hermione cut in. She gave Louisa a small smile before dropping her eyes to the granite top of the kitchen island. "I called it off." "Ran off," Pansy amended for her. "She wants to stay here with us while she figures it out," She laughed as if she were telling a joke, "Before you walked in I was telling her that she needs to-" "Stay here," Louisa interrupted with a confident nod of her head, "For as long as she wants to obviously." "Like hell she is!" Pansy set down the bowl of grapes and looked seriously at Louisa. "Aren't you the one who cautions me against taking in strays?" "You're comparing this to that feral kneazle you found roaming around Diagon Alley?" Louisa laughed, "You're being ridiculous about this, Pans, and you know it. Are you really going to turn away someone who needs a place to stay?" Louisa turned towards Pansy as if she were daring the witch to affirm her suspicions. "She has a place," Pansy answered defiantly, "With a little picket fence and red