Disclaimer: All characters and known situations belong to their respective owners. Everything else came from my own mind- scary place that it is sometimes. In no way shape or form have I made or intended to make a profit from this story…. All rights still belong to Stephanie… though it's a shame she never did anything more with the wolves… ah well.. There's always fan fiction Authors Notes: Takes place in New Moon starting after Bella's cliff dive of stupidity. Age changes for purposes of the story only- Sam is two years older than Bella (20) Paul, Jared and Leah are all a year older than Bella (19) Jacob, Quil and Embry are only a year younger than Bella herself (17). Seth, Colin and Brady are all two years younger than Bella(16). I'm also not a huge fan of imprinting…I'll use it as SM does every so often but not always. So… yes most of the pairings are cannon, however…this version of it has the Alpha and the wolf agreeing on the chosen mate… it makes for a slightly less demanding approach… less heartache that way-for this story anyways… and NO imprinting on children… its just… not cool ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Somebody's Eyes Prologue Bella Swan was slowly going numb from shock. Not only had she finally admitted her feelings for her best friend, Jacob Black, but there in her house was one of the people she had wished with every fiber of her being to see for the better part of the past six months. Alice Cullen was not only back to see her, but she was thoroughly displeased with the reason she was there, having seen her jump off a cliff in a vision she had gained while seeking her out against her brothers wishes. She sighed in exasperation when Bella explained to her that she had jumped for the fun of it, not as an attempt to end her life- thankful for once that she had gotten better at taming her traitorous blush. "Only you, Bella, would do something so foolish!" Alice grizzled with a short shake of her head and a roll of her eyes as they sat on the living room couch. "It's not foolish! It was- it IS fun." Bella lied; for once she was able to do so smoothly. Alice only sighed. Her nose wrinkled in displeasure after a few minutes of idle chatter. "Bella, since when did you get a dog?" She asked with a raised eyebrow. Bella bit her lip. "What do you mean?" Alice stared at her for a moment. "There's an awful wet dog smell coming from your kitchen area. When did you get a dog?" "You're no bouquet of roses either, pixie." Jacob huffed cutting Bella's rebuttal short while walking into the living room with his nose wrinkled in disgust. "Jake?" Bella was torn between upset and thankful he was there. She was upset because she didn't feel he trusted her, she had asked him to wait outside. On the other hand, she was thankful that he could see she was in no danger and would settle down marginally. At this point it was all she could really ask for. She had given up on the notion in thinking that the werewolves of La Push would ever deny their instincts to protect life, especially when their natural enemies were anywhere close by. He smiled unapologetically at her. "I had to make sure you were alright." He insisted. It was his way of apologizing to her for intruding after being asked not to. He hoped she'd understand. Bella sighed and stood from the couch, moving to hug him. "It's alright, I get it, Jake. I know." She loosely wrapped her arms around his waist and smiled up at him. "Well I wouldn't hurt her!" Alice grumbled, not used to being ignored for any length of time. Her nose wrinkled again, the unpleasant smell that much stronger. Her eyes widened in realization. "It's you!" She cried jumping up suddenly, moving away from him while glaring. "What's wrong Alice?" Bella wondered, watching her closely. Alice hissed shooting a glare towards the young native. "Bella you need to move away from him now! He's not safe!" Her voice was urgent as she moved to yank Bella away from him. Jacob growled his warning, his muscles tense and shaking. "More safe than you pixie." He stopped shaking slightly when Alice backed away. "Bella, he's a werewolf! They're nothing but vicious and angry beasts! You need to get away from him! He'll phase and hurt you the second he loses his temper!" Alice all but screeched, fear evident in her eyes. "I know he is. But he would also never hurt me. I'll be ok, Alice." Bella said, her eyes not leaving Jacob's. "I trust him with my life." She smiled when the tremors in his body stopped all together while their eyes stayed locked together. "He's my best friend, and truth be told, I think I kinda love him." "No, you don't under- you know?" Alice was stunned silent. "I know about the pack. They're my friends." Bella told her finally giving her a small smile as she once again looked at her. "And just how many wolves do you hang around Bella? There were no wolves around when we lived here! Obviously they're trying to take over our territory! They're nothing but animals! They're not safe!" Alice insisted. "A few." Bella shrugged, not wanting to tell her exactly how large the pack was. Jacob inwardly smirked at that. It was like she was instinctually protecting their secrets. "And they're perfectly safe!" Alice rolled her eyes. "Bella… werewolves are NOT good company to keep!" She all but groaned. "Speak for yourself leech!" Jacob snapped finally having had enough of her badmouthing him and his pack mates. "At least we don't lust after blood! And none of the pack have EVER broken up and left someone in the woods to freeze to death!" Alice went rigid suddenly, her eyes glazed over slightly. She was quiet for a only few short moments as she got lost in her vision. She was staring and unfocused as everything played out like a movie clip in her mind. Her gasp after the brief silence caused Jacob's proverbial hackles to rise. "Oh no!" "Alice? What's wrong?" Bella wondered holding tight to Jacob's hand. She needed him there to ground her. To keep her safe, even from herself right now. She relaxed slightly when she felt him gently squeeze her hand- a comforting gesture used without words to accompany it. "It's Edward! Rosalie told him I saw you jumping off the cliffs and dying before I came here. He's going to the Volturi now to ask them to kill him! If they don't help he's going to expose us to the humans and kill himself Bella!" Alice groaned in panic. Bella was shocked. "What? Why would he do that?" "Because he still loves you! He thinks you're dead! He means to kill himself because he doesn't want to be without you in this life!" Alice huffed, talking to her as if she were a small child. "He LEFT her here in the woods ALONE! What RIGHT does he have to worry anymore?!" Jacob growled quietly. "Shh. Jake…it's ok…shh." She somehow knew he was still shaken by her near death experience after finding out Victoria had been in the water near where she had jumped off the cliff face. She also guessed he was remembering the months of catatonia after Edward first left. "Alice, he told me I meant nothing to him. Why would he die for me? He said he never loved me. That he didn't want me anymore!" Bella huffed. "We need to go Bella! I can explain why we left on the way to the airport, but he'll die if you don't come with me now!" Alice cried standing in a flurry of movement. "I'll have to call Jenks and tell him to secure two tickets to Volterra right this minute. There should be a private jet waiting at the airport ready to fly now-" Alice's cold hand on her now warm arm as she tried to drag her away from Jacob and to the door shocked her. "No!" Bella yelled jumping away from the now unfamiliar touch. Alice stopped rambling and looked at her with astonished and questioning eyes. "Bella?" "I'm sorry I-I can't… I-I won't leave. Edward left me here… in the woods… alone. He told me I wasn't good enough for him or his family. Jake is right. I'm just now living again… it took six months to even begin to say his name again… my friends have helped me so much the past few months…so…I-I'm staying here… with Jake… and the pack." Bella said leaning into Jacob's body for support. She settled comfortably with her back against his front. Jacob kissed her temple and wrapped his arms around her tiny waist. His chin rested easily on her shoulder as he watched the tiny vampire with a raised eyebrow. It was clearly a challenge as well as him subtly staking his claim over the brunette in his arms. Her eyes narrowed dangerously, turning black as her ire raised. "You would choose those DOGS over your family?! Bella, we love you! You may not be a vampire yet, but you belong with us!" Alice was shocked still. Jacob's growl was quieted by Bella's lips on his skin as she leaned her head back on his shoulder and placed a gentle kiss to his jaw- a highly lupine gesture of submission- though she had no clue that she was enacting it. She moved her head back to face her once upon a time best friend and glare at the small girl. "First of all, they're WOLVES, not dogs! Second off, JACOB was there for me- the PACK was there for me- when I needed them the most. I was nothing more than a glorified PET to you and Edward! 'Dress this way, Bella. Act that way Bella. You mustn't talk like that Bella. Don't say that Bella. Bella, think this way. BE this way.' At least with the pack I can be myself!" She hissed. "Bella-" Alice was shocked. This was not the friend she had known, the wolves had obviously been filling her head full of lies. "You called yourselves my family. You WOULD have been if Edward had turned me in the FIRST place! I really would have regretted it by now, but it's what I thought I wanted at the time. I had a family for the first time in forever- one that I thought loved me. Instead my boyfriend leaves me in the woods and my so called family abandons me at the drop of a hat!" She patted Jacob's arm when he flinched, took a deep breath and started again. "You lost your chance to be my family. The pack is my family now- my REAL family. They're my friends, my brothers, my protectors, and I hope to call Jacob my boyfriend when it's all said and done." She paused to look at Jacob as she laced their fingers together. He smiled though his eyes never left Alice. "They'd not leave when it gets too tough." Bella's voice was strong and confident as it filled Jacob with pride. "Bella, they're dangerous! They can hurt you easily! They're not stable enough to be around you without getting angry and putting scars on you!" Alice said desperately. "All it takes is just one time, just once and you'll die from the wounds they can create!" "That was all on YOU leech! YOU were the ones who put her life in danger! Multiple times I might add! YOU were