Chapter 1 Life in number four Privet Drive was almost too normal. There was the patriarch and man of the house Vernon Dursley, his wife and homemaker Petunia, and their son Dudley. Indeed, the Dursley's tried to foster the image of their perfect and normal life. It wasn't polite to talk about how often Mr. Dursley stayed at work late after all. The rotund man, with small squinted eyes and straw-like yellow hair, was a head shorter than his model-like wife. She had the odd proportions that lent themselves beautifully to the runway. Her legs and neck were long in relation to the rest of her body, which itself was taller than average. Her light golden blonde hair coiffed and curled just so, pearls at the neck, Petunia strove to personify the post World War II housewife stereotype. Her red pumps giving just enough rebelliousness to make her the talk of the Ladies Tea without incurring the wrath of their gossip. Petunia was in fact quite adept at maneuvering within the social turbulence of their middle-class community. One must always appear affluent yet charitable. It was with there that the Dursley's were able to imply virtue without any real effort on their part. They would just trot out Petunia's nephew. " Poor Harry," She would say. " He survived when both his parents died in a horrible accident!" Then for a dash of drama, hand at her pearls and getting a bit misty eyed, she would add: " They say terrorists were involved!" Nothing is so dramatic as the truth. The ladies would congratulate her on her generous spirit and devotion to family. All the while knowing that decency kept them from their own pious retort. Then they'd coo over little Harry, with his big innocent green eyes. " He's just so frail, I worry so," she would continue, deceptive appearances were Petunias mainstay after all; She felt no remorse in allowing them to see her nephew as a fragile orphan. Being younger and smaller than her Dudley just added to the aura of fragility. " Oh, that nasty scar! It's the only legacy he has of his parents!" She would end. Once again reminding the social climbers and flibbertigibbets that her place was secure. To which the ladies would offer their token efforts to assist the young family. Mr. Dursley meanwhile, would just make an off comment on how trying it was to raise a child not his own before the gents talked sport. The façade began on a cold November morning. Petunia, up early as she was wont to do, had already prepared her infuser with her 'breakfast tea' blend. She would peruse the 'Home Journal' while she waited for the water in the kettle to boil. Of course like everyone else she had an electric model, hers was just a touch more elegant than the rest. It was a sneeze that broke her normalcy and changed her life for ever more. Upon hearing, it her head swiveled sharp and hawk-like towards her front door. Her own son, well into his tantrum two's (though he had turned four that past June), was sleeping upstairs in his room. They had no pets and it was a few hours yet before sunrise, and a few hours more before it would be acceptable for social calls. Petunia cocked her head and was ready to count it as a sound of the early morning wind when she heard a tiny cough. With that she stood regally from her chair, wrapping herself in her plush house coat, drawing the sash tight and tied at her hip. She ensured that her sleeping cap was in order and that no stray curl had escaped from where they were secured and walked towards the door. She tapped the screen beside the door, a recent upgrade in their security system, and could see no one. Her small front yard was bathed in light from the street lamp. The driveway had a flood light on a sensor (that didn't activate). It appeared no one was there. Petunia slowly opened the door to check one last time. It wasn't until a rustle caught her attention that she looked down. There, in the cold November air, was a bassinet that appeared to be covered in what she hoped was a very warm quilt. She reached down and dug past the bedding, to see a wild shock of dark hair. The part of her that was a mother was immediately enraged. 'Who in their right mind would leave a child on a porch, alone, in November!' Yet another part of her was immediately worried: 'What will the neighbors think?' Being the practical woman that she was, Petunia quickly picked up the bassinet and closed the door. She walked quietly back to the table, on which she put the basket. Her kettle had clicked itself off indicating that the water was heated. For a few moments she lost herself in her morning ritual: breakfast tea, one sugar and a dash of milk. With her mug wrapped in both hands, warming them, she stood above the bassinet. 'At least whoever left the poor dear on my stoop swaddled the child well' her thoughts were critical, as if she were looking at a neighbors garden. However, she couldn't just leave a child untended. She still had nappies from Dudley's smaller days, bottles, and a few dummies, so she was confident that she could care for the child; at least until she handed over said child to Child Protective Services. As the child seemed to be sleeping, Petunia went into the kitchen to prepare a bottle. Not knowing if solid food had been introduced yet to it's diet. Bottle in hand she sat down at the table and contemplated this abnormality. Petunia found herself quite dismayed at the situation. 'People just don't leave children on doorsteps in today's world' Her thoughts still trying to process the bassinet in front of her . She entertained the idea that the basket could contain puppies or kittens. It wasn't uncommon for people to abandon pets. She certainly didn't condone such activities. However, it seemed more likely that it was a litter of kittens than a child. She couldn't convince herself of such though. With a fortifying breath, Petunia slowly removed the top quilt from the basket. With a gasp, Petunia pulled back her hand as if shocked. Beneath the unassuming quilt lay another, more telling blanket. In fact, it contained images of brooms and little golden balls with wings that were moving, zipping this way and that. A sense of dread and fear exploded with-in her. The only time she had seen such things, were the few times she had visited with her sister. Her sister the witch. It had been, to Petunia, a devastating shock when their family found out that her baby sister was magical. She had always carried a slight jealousy of her sister, though she was four years senior. Where Petunia was a somewhat uncommon light haired blonde, her sister had vibrant red hair. She had actually played the big sister more than a few times when the children in Lilly's school though to make fun of her for being a ginger. They both shared the Evans family green eyes, however Lilly's were so bright they nearly glowed. Lilly was only slightly taller than her peers, while Petunia had always towered over her own. The biggest difference though was how exuberant Lilly had been, even as a young child. She seemed to radiate a sense of confidence that Petunia felt she lacked. As a grown woman she could see that being a very hormonal fifteen when Lilly got "The Letter", had made things more tumultuous than they needed to be. Her beleaguered mind had been unable to see past the young girl who would have experiences that were beyond anything Petunia would expierience. It was a real life adventure her sister was going on and she was being left behind. Not only left behind, she couldn't even visit. She had written a letter to the headmaster of the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, pleading to be let in. His reply had been a standard rejection letter. For all the emotion she had felt at that time, the silent callousness of the letter was like shards of glass in her soul. Life changed after that. She never got to teach her sister the things that a young woman could expect to go through during school. She couldn't even help with homework. As Petunia's life seemed to get more and more average, Lilly grew into a beautiful woman with perfect curves, a vibrant personality, and was (quite literally) magical. Though Petunia herself was considered beautiful, compared to her sister she felt like a stick topped with wool. They had never gotten the closeness back that they had once shared. The mercurial, and sometimes turbulent, emotions that had pushed between them had left a lonely bitter feeling within Petunia. She never did quit missing her sister. Hesitantly she gently moved the magic blanket aside, and she was faced with yet another blanket, this one a decent, normal cream color. In the center of it there laid a thick dark yellowish envelope with her name written on it: Mrs. Petunia Eavanartan Dursley. It was written with fancy gold leaf calligraphy. Turning the offending article over, she found the thick envelope sealed with red wax. She frowned at the image embossed there. The "H" was one she would never forget. This letter was from Hogwarts! She hissed quietly. 'That damn school! They are going to bring ruin to my life...again!' She recognized that the desire to throw the envelope into the fire was not a rational one. It likely contained answers that she dearly needed (even if she didn't want them.) She closed her eyes and breathed deeply, forcibly calming herself. ' No, back then I was a young teen, with a young girl's dreams and a young girl's ambitions.' She was not a little girl any longer. With her finger she broke the seal holding the envelope closed. The envelope had a warmer texture than she had been expecting. Taking another breath she braced herself and pulled out the folded pages within: Greetings and Salutations Mrs. P. Dursley, I hope that this letter finds you well. I am sad to be the one to inform you, that your sister Mrs. L. Potter and her husband Mr. James Potter, by a known terrorist organization known as 'The Knights of Walpurgis' and in collusion with rogue elements within our government, have been murdered. Surviving Mr. and Mrs. Potter is their fifteen-month-old son, young Mr. Harloch Jameson Martinus Potter. Due to the circumstances of your sister and brother-in-law's passing, a special protection is offered to you and any who can call your home their own. This protection is the strongest the magical world can offer. You must only take in and raise this young child as your own. His blood runs in your veins, as yours does in his. Their are still knights that are at large, which could put you and your family in danger. In deference to your non-magical status and distaste for the magical world, I have placed certain wards around your home that make it uninteresting to the average wizard. Any in the wizarding world who do not already know your location will not be able to find it. As you had limited your contact with Mrs. Potter in the past, I feel confident that you will remain undisturbed by "our kind". The protections mentioned above will protect you from anyone bearing the mark of this terrorist organization and also from those meaning harm to you or any that you shelter. Please be reminded, young Mr. Potter's Hogwarts letter will arrive by mail the day of his eleventh birthday. If there is no response, be warned that more drastic measures will be taken. Until then his