Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A million thanks to Project Team Beta, and HammondGirl and HollettLA, my betas for this chapter. I really felt sorry for them, when I saw how much they had to fix. My heartfelt thanks and eternal gratitude, for taking the time to do it. Chapter 1 "Please?" "No." "Edward!" "NO!" "Come on! As a favor! To me? Your best friend in the whole wide world?" "Bella, please be serious." "I am serious. Serious as a heart attack. I need to do this." "No, you don't. I'm not discussing this anymore. Now can we get on with our homework?" He tugs his hair, a tell of his nervousness she knows all too well. "No, I just remembered that there's something I've got to do. You have to go. Now." She purses her lips and crosses her hands across her chest. "We are supposed to be studying for the history test tomorrow." "Well, something came up. I have to go out." "Out? With whom? Are you meeting the guys? You didn't say anything." "No, I'm not meeting the guys. I have a date and I have to get ready." She lowers her eyes and blushes. "A date? When did that happen?" He narrows his eyes as he looks at her. Her fidgeting and the scarlet color of her cheeks is a dead giveaway that something's not right. She's stubborn as hell. She stares back at him, not backing down. "Bella?" "What?" "Who are you going out with?" "None of your business." "You're my best friend. Of course it's my business. I don't want to..." She's fuming now. Her fists clench and release at her sides. Her eyes drop to the floor, not wanting to see him anymore. She thought she could have this with her best friend, someone she trusts, but it looks like it's not meant to be. So James it is. "You don't want what, Edward? To sleep with me? Okay, I get it. I know I'm not beautiful like Tanya, believe me. I know . But that doesn't mean that I don't have another option. I just thought..." His throat suddenly constricts. He doesn't like her insinuation. She's beautiful, but she doesn't see it. Tanya, in his opinion, is just a pretty face with nothing behind it. Bella is so much more than that. Her few extra pounds make her think she's ugly, and there's nothing he can do to persuade her that she's wrong. She is beautiful inside and out. If she weren't his best friend, he would have grabbed her and kissed the misconception right out of her. But he can't. He can't risk losing her, should something go wrong. He can't get the other option out of his mind. His jaw clenches, thinking of the meaning behind her words. The thought of someone else touching her... He can't even think about it without seeing red. He pinches the bridge of his nose and lets out an exasperated sigh. "Would you mind explaining what you mean by having another option?" She doesn't look at him. Her eyes are trained on the floor, but a telltale blush creeps up her cheeks. "Bella? What other option?" he insists. "Edward, can you please just go? I don't want to talk about this. Don't make it any more awkward for me than it already is. Just ten minutes ago, I asked you to have sex with me and you rejected me. I'm mortified! Just...go home and we'll talk some other time. I have to get ready." She turns her back to him and waits to hear his steps as he leaves. A couple of minutes pass and nothing happens. Her body feels pulled as taut as a guitar string and her breathing is ragged. She angles her face toward him, but doesn't dare to turn around and face him. His eyes burn a hole in her back. He can't leave. Not without making sure she isn't about to do something stupid. He takes a step toward her and stops. His arm reaches out and stops just inches from her tense shoulders. He wants so much to touch her but is afraid. His self-control is tested daily by her presence but more so today. Her proposition has put in his mind the image of the two of them together, joined in the most intimate of ways, and he can't shake it. His hand trembles and then falls by his side. He grits his teeth and takes a deep breath to try and calm himself. Boy, was that a wrong move! Her sweet fragrance fills his nostrils, and his body reacts violently to it. He is a seventeen-year-old boy, after all. He can feel his body being pulled by hers, like iron to a magnet. One step brings him right behind her. Her warmth caresses him and wakes up his body. His head lowers and his breath fans her flushed cheeks. There's no touching, not yet. If he touches her now, all will be lost. He won't be able to restrain himself. Her breathing has become heavier, he notices. A small tremor racks her body and his reaction is visceral. "Bella," he pleads. "I'm afraid I will lose you if this goes wrong. So afraid! But I can't stay away from you anymore." Her breathing stutters and then stops. Her body is rigid as she fights for air. Her eyes close. Her teeth gnaw at her lower lip. Does he mean it? Does he want her? Could this be true, or is she dreaming? His hands touch her shoulders and an electric current runs through her. Her heart is trying to beat its way out of her chest. Suddenly she feels his body molding to hers, his whole front side in touch with her back side, and the evidence of his arousal nestles against her bottom. A gasp and a deep moan are her first audible reactions. "Oh God," she hears him say. His hands move from their perch on her shoulders, moving down her arms and back again. He slides her hair away from her neck and deposits a kiss right at the juncture where her neck meets her shoulder. She stiffens and a wet wave of arousal floods her. Her feet tremble and she leans on him to stay upright. His hands travel up her torso and cup her breasts, making their sensitive tips harden, and a throaty moan escapes her lips. His hardness is slowly moving against her back, driving her crazy with lust. And she hasn't even kissed him yet. His hands grab her hips and he thrusts against her, making them both moan and grunt. In a sort of slow, seductive dance, she moves against him, enjoying the power she has over him right now. His breathing is shallow and he calls her name in an agonized whisper. "Bella, I want you so much. Oh God, I..." He can't think anymore. All that exists is for him is the way her body molds to his and her breathy moans as he caresses every inch of her skin. He is on fire and couldn't stop doing what he's doing even if the world came to an end right now. "I want to kiss you. I have to kiss you. Bella..." He turns her around and attacks her lips with a ferocity that leaves them both breathless. Their bodies meld together, hands squeezing tight, while lips and teeth and tongues fight for domination in a restless battle. Their breaths are sparse and only taken in between agonized gasps before they attack each other again. He moves them across the room and pins her to the wall. His fingers are grip her hips oh so tight, and her fingers thread through his hair and tug roughly, driving him insane. "I need you. Oh Bella, yes... Yesss!" "Edward. God, you...ahhh!" she screams as his teeth find her nipple and gives it a light bite over her shirt. Her hands are against the wall, trying to keep herself upright as the sensations she's feeling for the first time overwhelm her. Her breathing is labored and her heart is beats a mile a minute. His mouth ascends from her breasts to her neck, nipping and licking and sucking, leaving trails of fire in its wake. His harsh breaths create goose bumps on her skin, and she's had enough. Now it is her turn. In a move he doesn't expect, she turns around and pins him to the wall. Her hands go in his thick mane of hair and pull, lifting his head up to expose his long neck. She doesn't know how she found the courage to do this, since she's very shy by nature, but the next thing she knows, her tongue laps at his neck and her teeth attach themselves to his breastbone, leaving a mark. His breath hitches and his eyes are shut tight, as he loses himself in the sensation. He knows that pretty soon it won't be enough, this heavy make-out session. It already isn't. He wants her, wants to feel her naked flesh against his, and before he realizes it, his hands are on her shirt, unbuttoning it. Her hands find the hem of his t-shirt and lift it up, revealing his torso, which heaves with each breath. His trembling fingers are finally able to open her shirt completely. Then she takes a step back. Her eyes are focused on his as she lowers her arms and discards the shirt, followed by her bra. She sees his pupils widen as he takes in her shape and her taut nipples, and a strangled groan leaves his throat. His eyes alternate between her pert breasts and her flushed cheeks, and he rejoices in the trust she's showing him. She moves back until the back of her legs hit the bed, and then she sits down. Her head is down and her hair falls around her like a curtain, shielding her from his eyes. This won't do , he thinks. He stands before her and touches her chin to lift her head so he can see her eyes. "You are so beautiful!" he says and she shakes her head. "Bella, you are the most beautiful girl I know." Her eyes fill with tears and he can't have that. He falls on his knees in front of her and starts to caress her body. "Your skin is so soft. The way your body reacts to my touch is heaven. Your lips, your tongue, your hands touching me, it's driving me crazy. I want to touch you everywhere. Will you let me?" he asks. She nods and he fastens his lips to hers as his hands discover the texture of her soft skin, unhindered by clothes. Her nipples extend, craving his touch, and he gives it to them, making her moan. Soon his lips join in, followed by his tongue and teeth, tormenting her with nips, licks and soft bites, which elicit cries of pleasure. Her hands keep him there. His touch sets her on fire. She lowers herself on the bed and he follows her, hovering above, taking her in. He continues the trip of discovery, all his senses trained to the signs of her pleasure. When he reaches her waistband, he stops and looks at her. He doesn't want to push her, but he knows that if they continue this path, there is no way back. He has to be sure this is what she wants. "Bella? Are you... Are you sure you want... We can stop. If you're not ready, I can..." he says, not sure how he's going to accomplish that feat, but if she's not ready, he'll find the strength to