disclaimed commence She's not sure where the fuck he got a gun, but goddamn, she's not sure she's ever been so happy to hear a gun fire. Eleven's arm goes slack, and she falls to the ground, crawling for refuge, her throat constricting sporadically in response to almost being choked out. She feels like vomiting. She hears Cato in the background, screaming at Eleven, telling him he shouldn't fuck with him or his partner. Another bullet and Eleven stops fighting. She sees Twelve (what is it– Catnip? No, Katniss) at the edge of the clearing, staring at the scene behind her in shock. Twelve scrambles backwards but she doesn't move fast enough, and she crumples from a bullet in her brain. Clove collapses, her arms and legs giving out on her, and, oh dear god, she's alive. Next thing she knows, Cato's voice is in her ear, his hand warm on her back, calming her and grounding her here, now. She struggles to her feet, lets him slide his arm around her and half drag-half shuffle her into the forest. It's there that she realizes she's shaking. He wraps her in a hug, dwarfing her in comparison, and whispers, "We're going home; we're going home to Bay," over and over, as if he has to justify the violence that happened back there to himself, to his daughter when she inevitably sees the tapes. She's not sure what just happened, what will happen after this, but right now, in the forest, his voice, the words he promises, sounds something like salvation. ... The boy from Twelve, Peeta, dies in a cave, alone and ignorant of his lover's death. It twists her insides up. Normally, she would not care at all, but since Bay, she suddenly can't stand to think of anyone's child scared and alone, and, though she knew it would come to this, he's still someone's son, and it still hurts her. All that's left if Five and them, and she knows that the Capitol will have something else up their sleeves, and she's right, of course. She's always fucking right. ... She's dozing against his chest, lulled by the steady thrum of his heart beneath her head, when he jerks upright. She startles, looking up at him questioningly, but finding herself too tired to articulate a question. For a moment, it's silent. And then… snap . A twig, somewhere in the woods. Could have easily been a rabbit, she thinks. Cato disagrees. He scrambles to his feet, dragging her with him, and screams at her, " RUN! " And then, she sees it, a dark shadow in the wood that bursts forth at them, and then she runs. ... Cato. Cato Cato Cato. He's right there and then he's not. He drops back, drawing his sword and facing their pursuers. She freezes for a minute, turning and screaming for him to come with her, to stop being a goddamn fool and to fucking run . He sends a look over his shoulder at her, and the look in his eyes– oh, sweet jesus, he's grieving already, grieving what he knows he's about to give up, and oh hell no, she's not leaving him, not now. She starts towards him, but he yells at her, "Bay needs you! She needs you !" They've been trying to keep Bay's name out of it, out of the spotlight, off of camera, but she doesn't give a damn anymore. He looks away and continues fighting, and she, shocked and resigned and goddamn maternal , begins to run. Her only goal is to live through this hell, to go back the way she came. She makes it to the clearing, makes it to the Cornucopia just as the beasts break through the trees, blood on their breath and gore trapped between their teeth, and it's Cato , she knows, reduced to a few shreds of flesh. She scrambles up, eyes wide, turning on the spot to survey her surroundings, searching for threats. How fast she can switch off her emotions, she marvels, how easily she can tamp down the utter grief that is threatening to swallow her whole. Five appears out of nowhere, from somewhere deep within the forest. She must see her atop the Cornucopia, must see the feral look in her eyes, the look that one can only acquire by losing something dear to them, something they love , because Five stops, staring at her, fear etched into her face. The beasts destroy her in a matter of seconds, her moment of contemplation becoming her downfall. The lights come up in the clearing as the beasts retreat to the woods. ... "Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the winner of the Seventy-fourth Hunger Games!" ... Bay hasn't let go of her for the past hour, ever since the train pulled into the station and she stepped off it, hands immediately reaching for her sole reason for survival, Cato's mother handing the infant over bitterly. Tomorrow, they'll move in to their home in Victor's Village, but tonight, oh but tonight they'll sit on the couch in front of the fire, mother and child alone in the world now, and she'll mourn for herself, and for her daughter, for the father she'll never get to know, for the husband he would have been because he would have been . She's not one for wishing and hoping, but god does she hope that he knew how much she loved him. Bay tangles her little hand in her mother's hair, and chews happily on it, and she doesn't mind that much because this is the only reason she's still alive. She thinks that, if not for Bay, if not for the little person they created, drunk off their own perceived power and immortality, she would have lain down next to him and let the beasts come. ... There's something to be said for genetics. Bay looks just like her, and Clove can't decide if that's a blessing or curse, but she's damn sure that she's thankful that she doesn't have to look at her daughter and see a dead man. ... President Snow shows up to their house out of the blue, one day, and Clove finds out from Bay scurrying in from the yard, shrieking that a helicraft had landed in the clearing that separated the Victor's Village from the rest of District Two. She had been making dinner, a routine that she enjoyed and despised and clung to as part of a schedule that kept her sane. She supposes that that'll have to wait for a bit. She sends Bay to her room, telling her to stay up there no matter what because she'll be damned if that man gets his hands on her daughter. Bay does as she's told, sending a worried look over her shoulder at her mother, her too-young mother, and when Clove hears the door close upstairs, she washes her hands and dries them slowly, waiting for a knock on the door. It's no secret that the Capitol despises her, for rejecting their offer of comfort and luxury in exchange for selling her body on the grounds of not wanting to leave her child an orphan. They gave her a reprieve then, and now they're coming to collect on her debt. She's been expecting this. When someone knocks on the door– probably a bodyguard– she collects herself and answers it. Snow looks old, standing there in her doorway, flanked by two armed Peacekeepers, old and tired. He still smells of blood and roses and death, she can smell the stench from where she's standing, a good ten feet away from him. He smiles at her, and it almost seems genuine, if not for the apathy apparent in his eyes. "President Snow," she exclaims, feigning surprise, "what an honor!" He smiles coldly, his eyes blank and face expressionless, and he doesn't ask for an invitation in, because it's practically a given that when the president of Panem arrives at your door, you fucking let him in, so she steps back and he enters, and the guards stay outside and he mind is in a million different places and she starts thinking of reasons why he would want to speak to her alone, and none of them are good so she stops trying to explain his presence to herself and waits on him to say something. He pivots slowly, his eyes sweeping the room, searching for something, and it hits her that he's looking for Bay and on instinct she shifts towards the stairs, intent on putting something between this man and her daughter, and finally Snow says in a measured tone, "District Twelve is in revolt. District Eleven is soon to follow." She's not sure why she hadn't expected this. A community will only lose so many children before they snap, and, since her Games, they've been consistently killed first and brutally, none much older than fourteen. But she's not sure how this relates to her. Snow seems to read that on her face and says, "There were small squirmishes during your Games. Some small-scale rebellions in Eleven and Eight. That girl you killed– Arietta Aster, she was well-loved in her district. None were pleased with her death. They were threatening to stop working; a strike they called it. They wanted to stop the Hunger Games. It was even worse in Twelve, at the end. Burned half the district to the ground." This seems like sensitive information, and Clove isn't sure why he's sharing this with her, other than for a guilt trip, and fuck if it doesn't get the job done because she's suddenly feeling so heavy with grief and guilt and pain and is she really the reason for all of this? Snow continues, ignorant or perhaps just choosing to ignore her inner turmoil, "They want me to step down. To stop the Games. They want peace ." He laughs derisively, and much as she wants to say she wants that too, she bites her tongue and thinks of her daughter, upstairs and probably worried sick. "Peace is something hard won by soldiers and death. The Hunger Games reminds them of this, and they no longer want that reminder. Don't they understand I'm simply trying to help them? Do you understand that?" He turns to stare at her, his blue eyes cloudy and she is struck by how old this man is, this beast of a man, his beard and hair teased to look like a mane of a lion. How silly he looked, an old man impersonating a lion in the height of his glory. She nods nonetheless. She does understand it. She was part of this 'reminder'. She was bathed in the blood of this reminder. She understands it; it doesn't mean she likes it. She hears the floorboard creak above her head, hears Bay's little feet crossing the floor of her bedroom. She looks back at President Snow and asks, "What can I do?" ... He asks her to speak to them, to film a propaganda commercial to air on televisions everywhere. He wants Bay to be in it, to soften the revolutionaries hearts, to give them a reason to stop fighting, a child in a land where children are no longer safe. She doesn't think it will work the way he wants it too, but keeps quiet and agrees, hoping to paint them as victims of the Capitol too, which, quite frankly, they are. A lot of people may not view them as such, with their mansion and their surplus of food, but she lost her lover and Bay lost her father and they've lost so much to this regime that she hopes others may recognize a little bit of themselves in her and her daughter. So the Capitol filmmakers have her pose, sitting in a chair with Bay on her lap, and in all actuality, Bay is getting a little too big for