We're in the middle of a heat wave, so obviously the natural choice was to write something about snow and winter. Whatever my crazy logic, here's a little something I just had to write for Christmas in July. Hopefully this pairing is as hot as the weather we're experiencing in the US. The snow drifted down in large puffs, turning everything in Renesmee's view white. She wasn't deterred. In fact, it fueled her determination. She pushed the windshield wipers to the fastest setting and soldiered on. Not only would giving up mean returning empty-handed after vowing to find the best Christmas tree ever, but it also meant she'd have to put up with all the sickeningly-sweet couples that had taken over her house. She wasn't a prude, but there was only so much a girl could take before going insane. She'd returned home from freshman year to find that a lot had chanced while she was away at college and now she was the only single member of her family. She huffed, determined not to think about it anymore. She narrowed her eyes at the road in front of her and began the ascent. She was on a mission. She slowed at the sight of oversized, blinking Christmas lights signaling her destination. She pulled in next to an old Volkswagen and wondered how the owner planned to get down the winding roads in this weather. "Hey Miss. Looking for a Christmas tree?" she heard as soon she stepped out the car. "Geez, Seth, you're a regular Miss Cleo," a second, slightly deeper voice chuckled. Two men were tying an evergreen to the roof of an SUV. The taller of the two had his back to her, but she wasn't going to complain. His long black braid swung, giving her an unobstructed view of a tight backside before he turned to get in the car. "Thanks, man," he spoke, finally allowing her to see his face. He was handsome, but clearly in his mid-thirties- too old for her tastes. "See ya, Sam. Tell the girls 'hi' for me." The younger man immediately turned his attention to Renesmee. He was cute with a boyish face and a mischievous air that said he could be a lot of fun. There was also a streak of immaturity she couldn't ignore. He confirmed it when he spoke. "If you want, you can wait in your car and I'll get a tree for you. I'm sure we've got just the size you're looking for," he smirked. Renesmee ignored the urge to roll her eyes at his puerile insinuation. "Um, thanks, but I kinda want the full experience of cutting it down myself." Just then, the door of the cabin opened to reveal a man even more attractive than either she'd seen so far. He was tall— at least 6'4" and his tan skin and inky black hair contrasted perfectly with the winter wonderland backdrop. He was younger than the first man, but there was an air of authority. What was in the water around here? "Is he bothering you?" he flashed a sideways grin, but the concern in his eyes signaled that he was only half joking. Renesmee gave a polite laugh, but the man walked down the stairs and stood next to her in a decidedly protective pose. "Go home Seth, before it's impossible for even your truck to make it." "You sure?" He only gave a beat before waving. "Well, good luck with your tree. Jake, my mom still wants to know if you're coming for Christmas? I think Leah has a present for you," he added with heavy sarcasm before climbing into a large black pickup. He drove off at what probably wasn't the safest speed. Renesmee turned back to the beautiful man beside her. "I'm Jake, and you are?" He tapped his long fingers on the ax he was leaning against. His sleeves were rolled up and his toned forearms were covered in bold black ink. She couldn't help but wonder what the rest looked like, and if the muscles and ink continued under his clothing. "Ren," she finally spoke up, blushing furiously when she realized she was staring. He smiled back. "Ren? Is that short for something?" "Renesmee. My parents decided to get creative with their last child," she joked with a shrug. "Ren it is. So, you want a tree in this weather?" Jake's eyes sparkled, warming everything around him. It didn't even bother Renesmee that he was laughing at her. "Crazy, I know, but I promised I would return with a tree." "Then I guess I can't make a liar out of you. Let's go." He took off around the side of the cabin where a path was just visible under the snow. Renesmee had to trot to catch up with his long strides, only to trip when he stopped abruptly. She smacked into his back and grabbed him around the waist on instinct. It was easy to feel his warm, muscular back through his red and black flannel. She tried to recover, but it only made matters worse. Her balance faltered again when he turned around unexpectedly. She landed in two inches of cold, powdery snow. "Shit, I'm sorry." He offered his hand and lifted her easily, then began brushing snow from her shoulders, arms and back. With each brush of his hand, a shiver ran down her spine and twisted her stomach into knots. His eyes crinkled around the corners as he looked down at her. "I was going to let you handle the cross-cut saw, but I'm starting to question your coordination." She pursed her lips, resisting the temptation to smile at his teasing. "I happen to be very coordinated. You just caught me off guard." He swung a bright orange backpack over his shoulder and reached for the saw. He paused. "You are 18, right?" "By three months." She mentally cursed herself. He probably thought she was a kid now. "I'm gonna trust you, just watch your fingers, ok? It's a lot of paperwork, plus, you're too cute for stitches." He winked before handing her one end of the long, two handled saw. He took a second to look up at the thickening snowfall. "We should hurry, though." They walked for a few minutes, making small talk as they went. The snow was coming down faster now, but Jake assured her it was nothing to worry about. A few seconds later, Renesmee spotted a 6 foot evergreen that seemed just right. "It's perfect!" she exclaimed. "We'll start right here," Jake instructed as he took three powerful swings at the trunk. The flannel bunched against his biceps and over his shoulders. There was definitely more muscle under that shirt, Renesmee thought. "Ready? Or did you just want to watch?" the smug look and the cocky air in his voice confirmed she'd been caught. She blushed and hurried to take her position. The two began sawing through. They made quick work of it. Jacob instructed her to step back and took two last swings to fell the tree. "Timber!" Renesmee shouted. Her assistant smiled and quirked an eyebrow at her. "Really?" She shrugged. "Isn't that what lumberjack's do?" He was about to make a wiseass remark when the wind began to pick up. The snowflakes became icier, stinging the skin and eyes as they headed directly into Ren's face. She could barely see two feet in front of her, let alone the trees she'd seen just moments before. Despite her refusals, Jacob insisted they seek shelter as the snow fell thickly. He retrieved the saw with one hand and intertwined the other with Renesmee's. She felt the energy pulse between them and zip up her arm. She didn't argue as he pulled her into the cabin. "I'm sorry, Ren, but you're not getting home tonight. There's no visibility and I couldn't live with myself if anything happened to you. You can take this room. Bathroom's next door. There's no cell service here on a good day, so you can use the landline to call home." He pointed out everything as he spoke. "I'll grab something dry for you." She nodded, knowing that she had little choice in the matter. After a quick shower and she changed into the PINK tee and a pair of one size too small sweatpants her host provided. She called home. Her mother wanted to send a search party, but her dad was much more level headed. He just made her promise to stay safe and warm. Finally, she took a deep breath and headed out to the living area where Jake was trying to listen to the weather report on the radio. They'd had an awkward moment when Renesmee forgot which bedroom she was in and, still half naked and wet, wandered into Jake's room. That wasn't even the most awkward part of it. It was the fact that she'd barely managed to keep from drooling at the sight of him in boxers as he peeled of a black tank top. "Satellite's out," he informed her. Thank God he was dressed in dark blue pajama bottoms and a tight, white tee, so she was able to concentrate on what he was saying... for the most part. "Did you get a hold of your boyfriend?" She shook her head, and couldn't help feeling like this was a fishing expedition, not that she minded. "No boyfriend. Just parents, and yeah, I talked to them." She recounted her mother's near hysterics before she decided to do some fishing of her own. "I hope your girlfriend doesn't mind me wearing her stuff." "No girlfriend. They're my sister's." Jake smirked at the surprised look on her face. "I really am sorry you're stuck. I'm sure you'd rather be home with your family, and your tree." She shrugged. "Not tonight, actually. My brothers are too busy doing god knows what to be worried about me, so I doubt they're worried. Besides, you're not bad company." Ness took a seat on the couch, leaving a little space between them. "I'm glad you think so. You're not so bad yourself." She averted her eyes, even though she'd initiated the exchange. "I've got two sisters, though, and I'd hate it if either of them were stranded in this weather." Just then, a kettle sounded. Her host disappeared for a moment, then returned with two mugs. "Thanks. And you're probably right. I'm just being bitter." Jake angled his body towards her. Their knees were touching now and she felt the current coursing again. "Why do you say that?" "It's silly." Jake shook his head and handed her a cup of hot chocolate. She sighed. "My whole family is in love. And not like the normal, 'that's so sweet' kind of love. It's the obey gooey, sickeningly sweet, all in your face kind of love. Like, even my parents are all "reconnected" since I left for school." She paused to look at Jake. "I'm sorry. You probably don't want to hear about any of this." "Go ahead." He relaxed against the couch, stretching out his arms and letting his knees sprawl open so that one of them pressed against Renesmee. "After all, we've got all night." His low, relaxed tone was laced with promise, but Renesmee tried to ignore it. "You sure you want to hear?" He nodded. "Well, I knew Edward - he's the oldest- and his wife, Bella, would spend Christmas with us. They have since they got married, and they're cool, just all googly eyes and stuff, but tolerable. But Emmet," she huffed. Even though she knew Jake had no clue who these people were, it felt good to get it off her chest. And for some reason, she felt like she could tell him anything. "He's the brother I'm closest with, and a man hoe extraordinaire." Jake smirked at her description. "At least, he was. Now he's thinking about proposing to a swimsuit model. And I'm happy for him.