Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer gets credit for her work, the Twilight series. Below in italics is an excerpt taken from the book. I do not own this; I merely wanted you readers to get a feel of what was happening, and to have some reference. I own the storyline, but not the characters, etc. I am not making money off of this, nor do I have contact with the author. BELLA It was after lunchtime when Rosalie glided past the bathroom door in a shimmery silver gown with her golden hair piled up in a soft crown on top of her head. She was so beautiful it made me want to cry. What was even the point of dressing up with Rosalie around? " They're back," Rosalie said, and immediately my childish fit of despair passed. Edward was home. " Keep him out of here!" " He won't cross you today," Rosalie reassured her. "He values his life too much. Esme's got them finishing things up out back. Do you want some help? I could do her hair." My jaw fell open. I floundered around in my head, trying to remember how to close it. I had never been Rosalie's favourite person in the world. Then, making things even more strained between us, she was personally offended by the choice I was making now. Though she had her impossible beauty, her loving family, and her soul mate in Emmett, she would have traded it all to be human. And here I was, callously throwing away everything she wanted in life like it was garbage. It didn't exactly warm her to me. " Sure," Alice said easily. "You can start braiding. I want it intricate. The veil goes here, underneath." Her hands started combing through my hair, hefting it, twisting it, illustrating in detail what she wanted. When she was done, Rosalie's hands replaced hers, shaping my hair with a feather-light touch. Alice moved back to my face. Once Rosalie received Alice's commendation on my hair, she was sent off to retrieve my dress and then to locate Jasper, who had been dispatched to pick up my mother and her husband, Phil, from their hotel. Downstairs, I could faintly hear the door opening and closing over and over. Voices began to float up to us. Alice made me stand so that she could ease the dress over my hair and makeup. My knees shook so badly as she fastened the long line of pearl buttons up my back that the satin quivered in little wavelets down to the floor. " Deep breaths, Bella," Alice said. "And try to lower your heart rate. You're going to sweat off your new face." I gave her the best sarcastic expression I could manage. "I'll get right on that." " I have to get dressed now. Can you hold yourself together for two minutes?" " Um… maybe?" She rolled her eyes and darted out the door. I concentrated on my breathing, counting each movement of my lungs, and stared at the patterns that the bathroom light made on the shiny fabric of my skirt. I was afraid to look in the mirror—afraid the image of myself in the wedding dress would send me over the edge into a full-scale panic attack. I stared at my dress for a while, brushing my hands across the soft fabric, thinking about what was about to come. I was nervous, more than nervous. Something was nagging at me in the back of my head, but I passed it off as wedding jitters. It had to be wedding jitters. That was the only explanation. Wasn't it? My mind wandered to my best man, and I wondered if I would get to see him before I left for my honeymoon, before I was a different person. "You'd think I'd be used to telling you goodbye by now." A husky voice said softly from the doorway. I whipped around to face the familiar voice, relief flooding through my body. Jake stood, leaning against the doorframe, entirely too tall to fit comfortably in it. He looked like a russet demi-God, his hair was dishevelled and messy, he was only wearing jeans, which were slung low on his hips, showing off his sculpted upper body as well as the 'V' that disappeared into his pants. "You made it." I whispered, finally looking into his eyes, which showed a heartbreaking amount of despair. "I've been headed this way for a while. I was hoping to be able to see you before you were…gone." He choked the last word out. "I'm glad you came." I said, making the first move towards him. This caused a reaction in him; he came forward, sweeping me up into a hug, grazing his lips across my hair. I buried my face into his chest, breathing his musky, familiar scent into my lungs. His arms surrounded me like a sauna, and suddenly I felt safe, complete. I revelled in the fact that Jake was back and I was in his arms. "How did you get up here?" I asked, pulling back to look into his face. "A present to the bride, as Edward explained it." He said, sneering as Edward's name crossed his lips. "And I asked nicely." He leaned down to kiss the top of my head. "That makes me so happy." I replied, feeling tears come to my eyes. "Don't cry Bella. It's just me. I had to see you; I thought it might be the last time." His eyes were tight as he looked at me. I didn't respond to the question buried inside the statement. He must have had a feeling, because he continued. "Bells, at this point you still have a choice. You've always had a choice. You're always going to have a place in my heart. I am going to love you with all that I have until your dying breath." I did not deserve a friend like Jacob. He had done so much for me. I stared into his dark eyes, thinking of the past, of how many years he had stood by my side. He looked back at me, and his lips stretched over his broad teeth into an almost bitter smile. "Jake." I whispered. My voice seemed to have left when Jake walked in the room. "I have loved you since the very start. I have always stood by your side. I could have had you, Bella. It was the natural progression of things if they never showed up." He tightened his arms around me. "Bella. You're cutting it close." Alice's small head peeked into the doorway. I looked around Jake. "Sure Alice, just give me a few more minutes." I replied. She nodded, pressing her lips together. "Quickly." She responded, and danced away. "Thanks for coming to see me, Jake, you've completed my day. Will you stay?" I asked, smiling. I saw his whole face drop. "No, I don't think I can, I'm sorry Bella." He replied, and turned around, "Not knowing that you've chosen this ." He started walking out the doorway. It was in that moment as Jake walked away that everything suddenly clicked into place. It wasn't mere wedding jitters that had me second guessing what was about to happen today. It was what I had wanted ever since the day that Victoria's newborns attacked, and Jake had tricked me into kissing him, that I hadn't realized until now. A gasp from down the hallway sprung me into action, deciding my own fate for once and not being directed to it. "Jake." I called, loudly enough to get his attention. He turned around slowly, looking like he was accepting a death sentence, his lips pursed and his eyes wet. "What?" He asked, his voice unsteady. "Kiss me." I demanded, just like that day on the mountain. He stopped walking, staring at me with his mouth open, questioning my demand, not acting upon it, like he couldn't believe he heard me right. "Kiss me." I said again, and that broke his confusion. Jake was in front of me without further question before I could process him moving, taking my face gently in his hands. He stared tenderly in my eyes, his brown ones full of love, and so much emotion that if I wasn't receiving it, I would have been uncomfortable looking upon it. This felt so right, in so many ways. His hands burned into my cheeks in the best way, and I closed my eyes, letting myself feel everything. I expected it when his lips met mine, and responded instantly, a fire burning throughout my whole body. The kiss was deepened, our tongues dancing with each other, my heart pounding against his chest. I could barely breathe, but I didn't care. I knotted my hands in his hair, and I felt a rumble in Jake's chest. His hands left my face, encircling my waist and pulling me as close to him as he could. I felt more relieved than I had in a long time, my body relaxing into his, melding into his. When we finally pulled apart, I stared up at Jake, surprised at myself. He wore a grin on his face, but in his eyes I could still see the longing that I knew was echoed in my own. I knew exactly what that longing meant. What I had to do know was make the right decision. Do I know what I want right at this moment? My head was spinning trying to decide what exactly it was. "What does this mean?" He asked me, taking my hand and holding it against his chest. "I'm trying to figure that out myself." I replied, and that was the best answer I could give him. "People are waiting to see me married." I looked down at the floor. "Let me know what you decide, or don't. I'll figure it out." Jake said almost coldly, dropping my hand and extracting himself from me. I met his eyes before he turned and walked out of the room, stomping down the stairs. Alice strode into the room, looking at me sadly. "You saw." I said quietly. "I did." She replied, blinking. "I don't approve. But if you think this will make you happy." I thought I loved both Edward and Jake equally, but now I had to choose which one that I loved more. I had reached a crossroads and I had realized with what had just happened that this was Jake. I definitely loved Jake more, so much more, and it meant not having to sacrifice anything. I was sacrificing so much for Edward to spend eternity with him, and I didn't think that was the way of life I wanted anymore. Actually, I was sure that it wasn't the way of life I wanted. I was going to have to tell Edward, and all of this work on the wedding and the expense was gone to waste. All of the expecting guests had to be sent home. On the other hand, Charlie would be happy, Renee disappointed. I could never make everyone happy. The weight of what I was giving away was suddenly clear in my eyes. Edward never wanted to change me, he was dutifully against it. I would never get to laugh with the pack. Grow old, have kids or grandkids, see Renee or Charlie again… I walked down the stairs, Alice following close behind, and found the Cullen's standing at the bottom, staring up at me. "I'm so sorry." I whispered. "Bella, we'll always see you as family, no matter what path you choose." Carlisle said, hugging me gently. Esme followed. Rosalie gathered me up into a tight hug herself. "You're making the right choice." She whispered in my ear, then stepped back, grinning at me. "Going to miss you lil sis. I guess I won't get to see how you'll look as one of us and how strong you'll be." Emmett squeezed me hard, knocking