First Impression I had been hearing about her for so long that I almost felt like I knew her already. For the past several months, my schoolmates would talk about nothing else. Awaiting her arrival felt horribly like the impending delivery of a child: it takes so long, but when the baby finally comes, crying and covered in blood in the mother's arms, there is but mingling anticipation and apprehension. When she finally turned up in the campus of Forks High School, she looked like nothing special. Her ride—a faded red 1963 Chevy pickup truck—was no fancier than any of the others in the school lot, or mine—a charcoal-colored 1989 Ford Ranger. She looked wary, even afraid, when she stepped out of her truck and into the main building. She kept her hood up, avoiding the eyes of the other students in the halls. I was disappointed, to say the least. I had been expecting something of a beaming fairy princess strutting into the entrance, by the way everyone, especially the boys, talked about Isabella Swan. It was even more unbearable that with the next issue of the school paper coming up, my close friend Eric Yorkie wouldn't shut up about the plan that we'd put Miss Swan on the headline, the main feature of the school paper. I was glad that I was in charge of the literary section and would have little part in the editorial section. But being Eric's friend, I was still the one he approached whenever he wanted advice on how to describe Miss Swan. Until she finally arrived in the school, I had believed that whatever adoration my schoolmates reserved for Miss Swan was mere fantasy. She stepped into the entrance hall looking eager to avoid everyone. Such a task was virtually impossible because everyone knew who she was. But when she removed her hood, I saw that she was certainly pretty. I could see by her pale, flawless skin contrasting with her brown hair, which had a hint of auburn in it. I was even a little envious of her plump lips and her soft chocolate brown eyes. My own lips are shapely but they don't have Isabella's seductive pout. My eyes are brown too, but very dark brown with a reddish tint. The color of my eyes matches that of my elbow-length, curly hair, something I had inherited from several generations of Sephardic Jews. My skin is a little pale, but it bears an olive tint that betrays my Mediterranean heritage. It looks even paler than it really is because I like to wear heavy makeup to match the rest of my goth look. Most of my friends probably didn't even know what I looked like in the morning. "Oh my God, Beulah, here she comes!" squeaked Eric. "Go!" I said patiently. Eric approached the girl, chest out, like he usually did when addressing the student council or the staff of the school paper or the principal. Busy with reading her schedule, Isabella Swan hadn't seen him coming until he spoke. "Hey, you're Isabella Swan, the new girl," said Eric in his somewhat unnatural advertisement announcer voice. "Hi, I'm Eric, the eyes and ears of this place. Um, anything you need?—tour guide?—lunch date?—Crayola crayon?" He said all of that very fast, before Miss Isabella Swan could properly react. I smiled to myself as I watched them, leaning against the wall. But I was not amused when the girl smiled gingerly and said to my friend, "Uh—I'm really kind of the more … sufferer-in-silence type." I knew Eric could be overbearing sometimes, but she could have at least thanked him for the warm welcome. Eric handled it better than I might have. He retained his smile and brought it up: "Good headline for the feature! I'm on the paper, and you're news, baby—front page!" I wished he hadn't brought it up yet. The girl was obviously really shy; he could have gone easy on her so she could relax about it. "No, I'm not," blurted the girl in shock. When she composed herself, she tried to smile again. "Please, don't …" "Whoa, whoa, chillax," said Eric soothingly, " no feature ." Isabella sighed with relief and smiled before scurrying to her first class. "Five seconds!" I screeched. "In five seconds, you dropped the feature! Tell me you were bluffing!" "I wasn't," said Eric, still grinning. But I could tell from being here since freshman year that Eric was not one to display any negative emotion, no matter how much he was brimming with it. "Eric, that feature is precious to you—to Angela—to everybody! Since the news came out that Chief Swan's daughter is coming to live in Forks, you've been looking forward to composing it!" Eric clapped his hand on my shoulder. "Beulah, really, it's cool. She doesn't want to be center of attention like that. Let's respect it." I could tell he didn't mean what he said. But more importantly, I didn't understand why Eric would go that far for one little request. He could have persuaded her a little more. He was good at that. We featured new students once in a while even before Miss Swan came into the picture. Eric was just a little more enthusiastic about her than anyone else. "Oh, classes start in fifteen minutes," said Eric, his smile never fading. He left me in the hall. I went straight to Building Three for my Literature class—my first class of the day. When I arrived in the classroom, Isabella Swan was there, giving her slip to our teacher, Mr. Mason, who was a tall man with a scalp shining through a thin sheet of hair. He gawked at Miss Swan when he saw her name. I couldn't hide my distaste. Even the prettiest people I've ever seen didn't get this kind of attention. Mr. Mason gave her the syllabus of the class and sent her to the back of the classroom. My seat was near hers. I liked sitting at the back of the classroom; I could see the blackboard better from the back. Out of curiosity, I observed Miss Swan for a while. She looked indifferent when she read the syllabus. I tried not to look too deep into it, but I felt a bit offended. This semester, we were covering Chaucer, Shakespeare, Brontë, and Faulkner—to name a few. This is something no one should take lightly. I thought no more of that through this class and the next ones. After Literature, I wasn't classmates with Miss Swan again. When the lunch bell rang, I came face-to-face with her again. She was with Jessica Stanley, another friend of mine. "Hi, Beulah!" she said. "You know her?" asked Chief Swan's daughter. She looked at me with a small smile and a curious gaze. I didn't like how surprised she seemed that bright and blonde Jessica would be friends with a goth girl. I did not miss the way her eyes looked me up and down—at my floor-length, maxi dress with violet, yellow, and pink Arabesque pattern; the midnight blue woolen cardigan; and border tartan scarf around my neck. "Are you having lunch with us?" I said, smiling anyway. "Yeah, come on!" said Jessica enthusiastically as she led us to the cafeteria. "I'm Beulah," I said, shaking her hand. "You're—umm—Isabella?" I began, just for small talk. "Bella," she corrected. "Bella," I repeated. "Where are you from?" "Phoenix, Arizona," she said. I looked at her face. For a moment, I thought she was lying. "What?" she said, as though alarmed by my gaze. "Shouldn't you be tan?" I asked. "I prefer staying indoors," she said quickly. "Okay," I said, pursing my lips. "How long have you been here?" "I arrived yesterday. I'm living with my dad now." "Until now, you had been living with your mom in Arizona?" "She's moving to Jacksonville soon, with her new husband Phil." "Is Phil nice?" I had to ask. I had known too many unhappy kids from unhappy parents. Bella smiled, more genuinely this time. She looked a lot prettier with it, because her cheeks became a little fuller. Her face looked a little like that of a mannequin—wide forehead, prominent cheekbones, and a noticeably full lips that didn't seem to fit with the jaw but looked good anyway. She would be this attractive all the time if she weren't wearing her blank expression most of the time. "Phil's really nice," she said fondly. But her smile abruptly vanished. Her cheeks went slightly pink and she looked away briefly as if from shame. "How long have you been away from your dad?—your real dad?" "I used to come here for three weeks every summer. But it's been years," she said sadly. "I hope you like it here now that you're staying long," I said. She smiled again. But it was forced now. She cast a look of hate upon the rain pattering against the windowpanes. Jessica led us to our table, where Eric and blond, blue-eyed jock Mike Newton were already eating. When we took our seats, Angela Weber sat across the table from Bella, aimed a camera at her, and said, "Smile!" Bella barely reacted by the time the light flashed at her face. "Okay?" she breathed in shock. "Sorry," said Angela. "We need a candid for the feature." "The feature's dead, Angela," snapped Eric. "Don't bring it up again." With an uncharacteristic display of aggression, he pushed his plate away and left the table. I glanced at Bella, whose eyes were on a group of slightly older teenagers sitting together in the corner of the cafeteria. She gazed upon them in awe. Who could blame her? The Cullen kids—three boys and two girls—were a gorgeous bunch. Emmett Cullen, who looked like he was the oldest, had dark, curly hair and a big, muscular build. Jasper Hale, Mrs. Cullen's nephew, who looked much leaner than Emmett, had honey-blond hair and a permanently surprised look in his face. Edward Cullen was by far the handsomest among them. He was lean like Jasper, but he held a more graceful posture, and a more normal (albeit sulky) expression. He had striking but messy auburn-colored hair that shone like bronze in the light. Of the girls, Rosalie Hale, Jasper's twin, was the taller one. She had elbow-length, wavy golden blonde hair and a curvy, athletic figure. The shorter girl, Alice Cullen, on the other hand, had a pixie-cut black hair. She was also quite thin, in contrast to her shapely companion. But Alice was nothing short of beautiful. She could pass off as a fairy. Alice picked up her tray and walked away, her steps like that of a runway model. I could never tell whether that was her normal gait or that she was showing off. "Who are they?" asked Bella. Jessica giggled. "That's Edward and Emmett Cullen, and Rosalie and Jasper Hale. The one who left was Alice Cullen; they all live together with Dr. Cullen and his wife," she said. "They are—very nice-looking," said Bella stiffly. "Yes!" Jessica giggled again. I thought it was annoying, but I had grown to get used to it. "They're all together though." Her voice was hushed now. "Like, together-together," she added. "Rosalie is with Emmett; they're, like, a thing. I'm not even sure that's legal." "Jess, they're not actually related," said Angela. "Yeah, but it's weird," said Jessica. I nodded in agreement. "And Alice is with Jasper, the blond one who looks like he's in pain." "Which ones are the Cullens?" asked Bella. "Dr. Cullen is really young, in his twenties or early thirties. They're all adopted. The Hales are brother and sister, twins—the blonds—and they're foster children," said Jessica. "They look a little old for foster children," said Bella. "Well, I guess they've grown up, and Dr. Cullen must have adopted them when he was much younger," I said, a little annoyed with Bella's comment. "They are now. Jasper and Rosalie are both eighteen, but they've