Hello people! I've done it! I've started my oneshot! YAY! I've decided to write this one so that it connects to my current main story "Dumbledore's Army: A Broadway Musical" which you guys should definitely check out! You can read this without reading that though it may be a bit confusing at parts. Enjoy! Stupid Harry. Why would I like Hermione? We've never gotten along before. Why would I suddenly have a crush on her? Ron fumed with agitation trying to refute any signs of him being interested in Hermione. Then his subconscious decided to but in. You know you like her. You have liked her for awhile actually. "Ha! Really? Then why do we always argue? Explain that!" "Um Ron? Who are you talking to?" Ron looked up to see Neville standing near his own bed. "Huh?" Ron asked not sure what Neville was getting at. You are so daft. You were talking aloud Ron! "Oh..." Neville kept looking at Ron waiting patiently for him to answer his question. Ron stared right back at him raising an eyebrow at Neville's "strange" behavior. Then realization flashed across his face. "Oh, right. Uh, well I was talking to myself." Neville's eyebrow furrowed in slight confusion, but then he slowly nodded his head in understanding. "Oh, okay. I do that myself sometimes." Neville then smiled slightly before bending down to look under his bed. Now that the confusion had dissipated from Ron's mind he noticed that Neville's bed, which was neaty made before he left that morning, was now a big mess. His sheets were half on the floor while his bedside table had both drawers open wide with socks and undershirts thrown around. While Ron took his time observing the mess Neville had made, Neville had come back from under the bed. "Ow!" he whined when his head hit the wooden bed rail. Ron cautiously approached the mess, careful not to trip on the sheets, and helped Neville stand up. "Are you okay Nev?" "Yeah I'm fine, thanks." he answered rubbing the slowly forming bump on his head. "What were you doing under there anyway?" Neville glanced at the mess of his bed before answering Ron. "Well, when I got to Professor Sprout's greenhouse I realized I forgot the book on herbs that she let me borrow. I was returning it to her you see? So I ran back here to look for it." Ron nodded in understanding. "Well, uh, do you need any help?" Neville smiled at the kind gesture, but shook his head. "That's very kind of you, but I'm alright. I think I left it in the library when I was studying for O.W.L.s yesterday." Ew, the library. I've been in that horrid place enough today. "Oh, alright then. Good luck!" "Neville smiled once more before turning to leave the dormitory. "Thanks." Neville opened the door and was about to leave when ROn realized something. "Oh! Wait Neville!" He turned back to look at Ron with a question in his eyes. "Yes?" "I think I saw your book in their earlier! It's green right? With a Mandrake on it?" Neville smiled widely and nodded his head in glee. "Yes! That's it! Where did you see it?" Ron thought back before he answered, "I believe it was in the potion's section." Neville paled slightly at the mention of potion, the class wasn't exactly his best subject, but said thanks and left quickly nonetheless. Ron smiled happy to help a friend. Oh sure he's observant when it comes to books, but not girls. his subconscious mumbled. Hey! I heard that! His subconscious rolled its eyes. Duh, of course you did. I'm in your head. Ron blushed again, but thankfully no one was left in the room except him. Shut up. Ron walked over to his bed and laid down, ready to finally figure out what was so great about this "Hamilton" musical. He opened the strange "laptop" and hit the "on" button. Okay now how do I do this? He felt his subconscious roll its eyes at his ignorance on muggle devices. Okay since you obviously have no idea what you're doing I'll help. Ron was surprised that he suddenly knew what to do. As if on their own accord, his finger began to hit the button with lightening speed. (A/N: It's actually normal typing speed, but since he doesn't even know what typing is it seems really fast to him.) He touched the screen and suddenly this odd blinking line showed up. What the bloody hell is that?! It's the search bar you daft dimbo. His subconscious then explained a few things to him about the "internet" He began to "type" the phrase " " and suddenly the screen went white. "AAHH! WHAT THE BLOODY HELL IS THIS SORCERY?!" He yelled falling off his bed in his fright. It's just loading! LOADING WHAT?! FIRE?! No you ninny! Just get back on the computer and look for yourself. WHY WOULD I DO THAT!? IT LOOKS LIKE IT MIGHT EXPLODE! *sighs* How did I get stuck with you? Why couldn't I have Ginny? At least she understands a computer! Ron heard the sound of rushed footsteps and the dormitory door burst open to show a worried Neville Longbottom. "Ron are you alright?!" He then looked down to see a frightened Ron curled up on the ground pointing in fear at the laptop. Neville laughed a little. Ron glared at him, and he stopped. "Okay, okay…" he said, helping ron up "You can't say that image wasn't at least a little bit funny." He smirked at Ron. "Sh-shut up Neville." he said, throwing Neville a dirty look, and a dirty sock that Neville deflected easily with his hand. Neville chuckled and picked up the laptop from the floor. "Are you having trouble with this?" he asked holding up the laptop. "AHHH! The light! I'm not ready to die yet!" Ron exclaimed scrambling away from the open computer. Neville sighed. It was insane that he could understand a muggle device better than a Weasley. Isn't their dad supposed to be, like, good at this stuff, or something? Neville looked down at the computer, and saw a button with a sun on it. Hmmmm… Sun… Brightness…Okay, I think I have this . He pressed the button with the bigger sun down hard. NO NO NO NO NO! He turned his face away, barely catching the look of triumph on Ron's face, and then slowly pressed the button with the smaller sun. It got dimmer. Whew. He saw the Youtube page open, and saw a series of pictures, accompanied by captions and text. "What's that? Why aren't the pictures moving?" Ron mumbled as he slowly approached the device. "The muggle picture don't move Ron, and these are videos." Ron frowned at Neville, his face easily displayed his current thoughts. What the bloody hell is a video? Neville realized he would have to explain everything very slowly. "A video is like our wizard pictures okay?" Ron still seemed a little confused, but nodded. "Okay, but if they are "videos" why aren't they moving?" "Well you have to click on it for it to move." "Click on it? What do you mean?" Neville sighed as he tried to figure out the best way to explain this. Then he realized it was a touch screen. Oh thank Merlin. That I can work with. "Just touch the picture. Like this." Neville showed him how to touch the screen by touching a random area. "Yes?" Ron said, cautiously bringing forward his finger as if the screen may sting him. He poked it once, drawing back his finger quickly, and the video got bigger at went to the top of the screen. "Woah what just happened?!" Ron said inching away from the laptop again. "The video is just starting Ron." And then the music began to play. "HOW DOES A BASTARD, ORPHAN, SON OF A WHORE-" "Is this trying to insult me?!" Ron said, his brow wrinkling. "No just listen. Anyway I'm going to the library. Enjoy the music Ron." Neville then stood up and went to the door. "Wait! Don't leave me alone with it!" Ron said in anguish. "You'll be fine Ron. If you have any problems, ask Hermione." Ron flushed. "Hmm...I see." Neville said, smirking, as he left the room. What? He sees what? Ron thought. His subconscious facepalmed, not for the first time. He sighed, turning back to the laptop to see this video, watching the screen move as the lyrics went across the screen. Before Neville left he restarted the "video" so Ron would be able to hear the beginning again. Burr: How does a bastard, Orphan, son of a whore and a Scotsman, dropped in the middle of a forgotten spot in the Caribbean in providence, impoverished in squalor, grow up to be a hero and a scholar? "Wow this guy has a hard life." "Wait, he did what? At age 14?! He must have been smart." "Hey… This is kind of… catchy…." "Maybe I should show it to Hermione. That would impress her. I mean, as a friend. Of course. Oh wait she already knows...Oh well. Um, never mind." "Oh that was dramatic. At least I finally learn his name." "Oh no...That's so sad….He has no family...I can't imagine how I would feel if I lost my family at that age." "Hey, wait, look at that, he wrote all that oh, it's getting exciting, YES YES YES YES YES YES YES! THERE WOULD'VE BEEN NOTHING TO DO FOR ANYONE LESS ASTUTE HE WOULD'VE BEEN DEAD OR DESTITUTE" Hermione walked in, and saw Ron singing loudly along, and dancing, and smirked, as she left. "I'm starting to really like this Burr character. He has a good voice." "Wait someone died for him?! That's messed up." "Hey here comes Burr! Now I finally see what relationship he has with Ham— Wait what?" "Burr I trusted you!" Ron cried. "He's still a good rapper though. I'm sure everything will be alright with him in the end." "WHAT'S YOUR NAME, MAN?" "ALEXANDER HAMILTON!" he yelled. "Wow...That was really good. I don't think I like any of the other songs more than that." He looked at the screen expectantly. There is more… right? Suddenly the laptop burst into song. DUN DUN DUN Ensemble: 1776 DUN DUN Ensemble: New York City Hamilton: Pardon me, are you Aaron Burr, sir? " "Hey, this is pretty nice." "Oooo I like the Burr sir rhyming thing." "What, no, Burr! I don't think I really like him anymore." Ron shook his head at Burr's behavior. "You need to get your act together, mate." "HEY HERE COMES JOHN LAURENS!" he exclaimed excitedly. "This dude sounds cool I hope nothing bad happens to him." "Wait, wait 'Like I said'? What do you mean Burr?" "This Lafayette dude seems cool. He can't rap very well though. Not in English, anyways." "Casse toi… That means bloody hell, right?" "Wait a second, this sounds a lot like that rap they did in Three Broomsticks… Huh…" "WOAH MULLIGAN HOLD YOUR HORSES" he smirked at his unintentional pun. "Pass the brain bleach…" he mumbled, as Mulligan finished the verse. "Wait was Neville supposed to be this Mulligan guy? Hmm…. We'll need to get him to lay off those plants then." Ron turned towards the windowsill, looking at the few magical plants growing near Neville's bag, and shuddered. "Ah Burr don't be so boring!" "Ooo nice line Hamilton." Laurens, Lafayette, Mulligan: Ooo! Who are you? Who are You? Who are you? Ooo Who is this kid? What's he gonna do? "I liked this song, a bit short, but nice." He smiled, as another song popped up on the screen . Hamilton: I am not throwing away my shot! I am not throwing away my shot! Hey yo I'm just like my country, young scrappy, and hungry, and I am not throwing away my shot! "YES! I like this one!" Ron exclaimed. "Alright,