AN: I changed Shadows name to Storyteller, just a heads up. :D Enjoy! ;P -0- The noise in the Smokey Inn was defining as men of all kinds, big folk, local hobbits, and a couple of dwarfs, drank themselves into stupors while women weaved through them serving food and more drink. It was dimly lit, most of the light coming chiefly from a blazing log fire casting flickering shadows all around. The only relatively quiet place was in a dark corner where two darkly cloaked figures resided, their eyes looking over the different people, but always returning to a table of hobbits. "So those are them." Storyteller said, her eyes looking to her brother Strider. "I believe so." Strider said before taking another pull on his pipe. "I'm worried." Storyteller said softly, her hands tightening around her mug. "They seem so innocent." "We are only taking them to Rivendell." Strider said to her. "A lot can happen between Bree and Rivendell, especially with those…creatures on our heels." Storyteller took a sip of her drink as they looked back to the hobbits. The four hobbits that Gandalf had given them charge over to protect sat at a table against the wall clearly trying to remain quiet and inconspicuous which of course mad them all the more obvious. The one called Sam it seemed couldn't help himself as he kept casting nervous glances around. Storyteller could tell that they had had a run in with the creatures she referred to as things, the look in his eyes said it all. "Sam, he'll be here. He'll come." Frodo said trying to reassure him then Merry plunked himself down at a table drawing everyone's attention, carrying a very large mug of beer. "What's that?" Pippin asked. "This, my friend, is a pint." Merry said with a creepy enthusiastic smile. "It comes in pints?" Pippin questioned. "Mmm…" Merry hummed into his mug as he drank. "I'm getting one!" Pippin said rising unsteadily to his feet heading to the bar. "You've had a whole half already." Sam yelled after him taking notice of a couple of swarthy men leaning against the bar glancing at Frodo, and then quickly looking away then his eyes traveled the room once again settling on the dim corner where Storyteller and Strider sat. "I think he's noticed us." Storyteller said Strider humming in agreement as Sam looked to them then tried to pretend that he wasn't. "Those fellows have done nothing but stare at you since we've arrived." Sam said indicating two brooding strangers who were sitting at a table in the far corner, one smoking a curiously carved long stemmed pipe while the other was sipping at her drink, both peering from beneath a travel stained cowls with gleaming eyes at them. Frodo gestured to Butterbur. "Excuse me, those men in the corner, who are they?" Frodo asked and Butterbur glanced over to the indicated corner, his eyes lighting up in recognition. "They're a couple of them Rangers; they're dangerous folk they are, wandering the wilds. What they're right names are, I never heard, but round here he's known as Strider and she's the Storyteller." Butterbur said. "She?" Sam asked in surprise. "Yes, the one drinking. She can spin a yarn like no one else if she's in the mood. You never see one without the other, sister and brother they are." Butterbeer said with a knowing nod. "Strider, Storyteller." Frodo said to himself while beneath the table his fingers nervously toy with the ring as sweat runs down his brow. "Baggins? Sure, I know a Baggins...he's over there..." A drunken Pippin said sitting at the bar, chatting with locals gestured over his shoulder. "Strider." Storyteller said about to stand. "Don't move." Strider said although he leaned forward as Frodo leapt to his feet and pushed his way towards the bar desperately trying to get to Pippin. "Frodo Baggins. He's my second cousin once removed, on his mother's side and my third cousin twice removed on his father's side...if you follow me." Pippin went on, unaware of the danger he was putting them all in. "Pippin!" Frodo said as he grabbed Pippin's sleeve, spilling his beer. "Steady on, Frodo!" Pippin said as he pushed Frodo away who stumbled backwards, and falling to the floor. At that instant, the Inn went silent as the grave and all the attention turns to Frodo. The ring, in agonizing slow motion it seemed hung in the air for a split second then crashed down onto his out stretched finger. Frodo Vanished! There was a sharp intake of breath...followed once again by totally stunned silence. Sam looked like he was about to be sick; Merry was wide eyed in shock; Pippin instantly sobered, realizing his folly; and the brooding Strider frowned as he and his sister looked round the room following the subtle movements in the dust on the ground as it weaved around patrons while the inn erupts into excited babble. "There." Storyteller said quietly just as Frodo rematerialized near the stairs. She and Strider quickly walked over to him Strider reaching under the table and grabbed Frodo by the collar, and dragged him away. He roughly pushed Frodo against the wall. "You draw far too much attention to yourself Mr. Underhill." Strider bit out then pulled him up the stairs followed by Storyteller who wearily cast her eyes around making sure they were not followed. They soon came to a room and Strider pushed Frodo in. "What do you want?" Frodo demanded as the rangers walked in securing the room and extinguishing the candles so the only light came from the fire in the hearth. "A little more caution from you...that is no trinket you carry." Strider replied as he and Storyteller removed their hoods. Strider had dark brown wavy hair that brushed against his shoulders, a strong face covered in thick stubble, sun tanned skin, and a regal barring. His sister the Storyteller had long light brown hair that was held in a low braid by a black leather strap and steel blue grey eyes that matched her brothers. She stood a few inches shorter than Strider, the top her head just reaching the base of his neck, and the same sun tanned skin as her brother. "I carry nothing." Frodo defended himself, his eyes wide with fear though he tried to put on a brave front. "Indeed?" Storyteller said sarcastically rolling her eyes. "We can usually avoid being seen if we wish, but to disappear entirely..." Strider shook his head sharing a look with his sister. "That is a rare gift." "Who are you?" Frodo asked. "Are you frightened?" Strider asked. "Yes." Frodo answered truthfully. "Not nearly frightened enough." Strider replied. "We know what hunts you." Frodo jumped at the sound of a noise in the corridor. Strider and Storyteller deftly drew their swords. The door burst open and Sam, Merry and Pippin appeared in the doorway ready for a fight. Sam was squaring off with his fists, Merry brandishing a candlestick, and Pippin a holding up a chair getting ready to club the rangers. "Let him go or I'll have you, Longshanks!" Sam threatened. Strider sheathed his sword, a slight smile playing on his lips as Storyteller giggled the hobbits looking to the woman in surprise. "You have a stout heart, little Hobbit, but that alone won't save you...You can no longer wait for the Wizard, Frodo." Strider said ominously as Storyteller nodded in agreement. "They're coming." Storyteller said looking out the window. Inside the gatehouse of Bree, the wizened gatekeeper heard a horse snorting. He got up to investigate and opened the window in the gate. Suddenly the Black Riders crashed through the gate, crushing the gatekeeper underneath it, and galloped to the Prancing Pony. Screeches are heard echoing through the town like a banshees scream. The innkeeper hid behind the door, terrified as the Riders came to the Inn, entering swiftly, swords drawn, with only one purpose in mind ignoring all others not in their path. Inside their room, the Hobbits were soundly asleep unaware of the danger lurking nearby. The Riders made for the hobbits' room. Silently, they raised their swords high above them to plunge into the sleeping bodies. The swords descend, stabbing violently at the still forms as the Hobbits suddenly awake. The Riders pull back the covers scattering feathers everywhere and realized they had been attacking bedclothes and pillows. Their scream of anguish and frustration stretched through the town chilling all who heard it to the bone. Grimly Strider sat beside the window listening to the sounds of the Ringwraiths as Storyteller laid a hands on his shoulders standing behind him. Strider reached up taking one of her hands in his as they kept starring outside the window. They watched in tense silence as the Riders remounted their dark horses taking off down the road. Frodo, gravely concerned at the attack, sat at the foot of the bed while the rest of the sleeping hobbits were awakened by the Riders' cries, all wide-eyed and fearful "Who are they?" Frodo asked. "A sad story." Strider said with a downcast look. "They were once men. Great Kings of men." "Then Sauron the deceiver gave to them Nine Rings of Power." Storyteller took up the story when Strider fell silent; glancing quickly to Frodo then looked away. Her brother more than anything else feared the weakness of men, the weakness he thought himself to have. "Blinded by their greed they took them without question, one by one falling into darkness and now they are slaves to his will." Strider and Storyteller looked from the window as the Ringwraiths galloped out of sight down the streets of Bree. Strider turned back to the Hobbits, his face lit faintly by the glowing embers of the fire. "They are the Nazgul, Ringwraiths, neither living nor dead. At all times they feel the presence of the ring...drawn to the power of the one. They will never stop hunting you." Strider told Frodo truthfully, his face grim. "And we will never stop protecting you." Storyteller said with a kind smile to Frodo after seeing his fear at Strider's words. "Get some sleep Frodo, we have a long road ahead of us." Frodo nodded reluctantly as he bedded down for the night along with the other hobbits for the night. "You should get some sleep as well." Strider said looking to Storyteller "So should you." Storyteller replied evenly. "Someone must keep watch." Strider said sternly causing Storyteller to let out an annoyed sigh. "Fine, but wake me when half the night is spent so you may get some sleep as well." Storyteller said gaining a nod from her brother before she settled into a chair next to the fire allowing herself to drift away. -0- Strider, Storyteller, Merry, Pippin, and Frodo marched through a gloomy, overgrown forest. They had started out the next morning as early as they could after bartering for supplies which included a scrawny pony names Bill who was laden with the supplies. Sam had taken to the animal and was in charge of leading the pony through their journey. "Where are you taking us?" Frodo demanded. "Into the wild." Strider replied, barely glancing back. "How do we know this Strider and Shadow are friends of Gandalf?" Merry asked Frodo as they walked. "I think the servant of the enemy would look fairer and feel fouler." Frodo replied. "He's foul enough and she fair enough." Merry commented making Storyteller grin to her brother who rolled his eyes at her. "We have no choice, but to trust them." Frodo said as they went on. "But where is he leading us?" Sam asked. "To Rivendell, Master Gamgee...to the house of Elrond." Strider answered him, startling the hobbits who thought he would not be able to hear them. Sam gained an excited look at the thought of the great elven home. "Did you hear that? Rivendell! We're going to see the Elves!" Sam