Twilight: The Ever Swan story Right, I know, I know, I KNOW, a Twilight fanfic? I swore I'd never write one, but, the thing is, the other day I was sitting around trying to finish off a chapter of my other TVD story, 'EVER GILBERT AND SINBAD SALVATORE', when I suddenly wondered 'what if my character, Ever, was Bella Swan's twin? How would that work? How could I fit her in like I did with my TVD story? The idea was stuck in my head for days, and I just couldn't get rid of it. So, here I am. My main OC, Ever, is a character I have already developed in another story of mine, as I previously stated, just so you all know. Ever is wild, insane and strong willed, no one tells that girl what to do with her unicorn boots. This story will be as close to cannon as I can get it, but obviously not exactly the same as I will have to incorporate two main female characters, and because Ever is pretty much nothing like Bella, some things will change. But hopefully for the better, I think. This story will be full of humor, but also drama and romance. Obviously. I think it'll end up a little like a car wreck in wonderland, if you know what I mean. But please give it a go, that's all I ask. I do not own Twilight or any of the characters ect ect except my own OC. I take some dialog from the book, (I do not own it)but only where it fits. Please do not sue me, because I own nothing except the food I have bought for myself, and that is all already long gone. Ok then, on with the tornado that is Everlyna the wonder twin and her side kick bat, Kevin. (High five to all my Ever&Kevin lovers already out there) Chapter one: First Sight Our mother drove us to the airport, the windows rolled down. Bella and I had argued over it actually. I wanted them open because I enjoy the breeze rushing through my dark hair. Bella prefers to be stuffed inside the car where the heat easily stifles any and all positive emotions. Ok, so she didn't use that as her argument, but I know my sister, and she's just about the most moody person I've ever known. Pretty damn anti-social too. But, hey, that's not my problem. As long as Bella keeps her grouchy emo-ness to herself, then I'm fine. Bella gives me a stony look, as if she knows exactly what I'm thinking. I smile widely at her, maybe letting a bit of insanity leak through as well, just to really annoy my twin. She's wearing her favourite shirt today-sleeveless, white eyelet lace. I'm wearing one of my favourite t-shirts too- black, with the words 'I may look human on the outside. But on the inside, I am a unicorn. A badass ninja unicorn' printed on it in thick blue lettering. My sister and I are on our way to a place called Forks, that's where our Dad lives. Our mother lived there too until she ran off with me and Bella when we were only a few months old. Guess she didn't like the rain. Cause rain is definitely what you'll get in Forks. I kinda like rain. It's fresh and it has this weird way of making you feel alive, if you stand out in it for long enough. I like to think that it washes away all your bad feelings, the shit that just seems to stick to your soul. Bella thinks Forks is gloomy and depressing, I argue that so is she, so technically she should like it. That earned me a glare and an adonation from our mother. She always takes Bella's side, but I suppose that's because Bella agrees with her about Forks. Both of us have been going there every summer for one month. Until we turned fourteen however and Bella refused to go anymore. I thought she was being stupid, but as usual our parents bent to her wishes and Dad came down to visit us instead in California for two weeks during the summer instead. I've missed Forks a little bit, and I miss Dad a lot too. Ok, I guess I can admit it, I'm more of a daddy's girl than Bella. But that's mainly because I actually attempt to engage with our Dad when he tries to talk to us. He struggles, and we can both tell it doesn't come easy to him, and yeah, it can be awkward, and he doesn't always say the right thing. But Charlie tries, he really does, and I think that's what is most important. But now Bella and I are moving to Forks. Bella is not a happy bunny, obviously, then again, when is she ever? But I'm quite excited. Not that I hate Phoenix or anything, I love living there. It might be nice though to live in Forks. You never know. Mother stops us before we get on the plane and says, "You two don't have to do this" She's said it about a thousand times before, and I understand it's more for Bella's sake than for mine. Our mom looks a lot like Bella, except with short hair and laugh lines. I feel worried as I watch at her wide, almost naive eyes. And for not the first time I wonder if leaving her is a good idea. Will she be able to cope without us? I mean, she has Phil now obviously, so he'll pay the bills and all that stuff, but...our mom's such a fragile person. Again, a lot like Bella. I'm really not like either of them. Well, I'm Bella's twin, so we have the same face. But we aren't completely identical. My hair is darker, almost black, I like to keep it curled and long and wild. My eyes aren't the deep brown of Bella's either, but a strange mixture of pale blue and violet. Personality-wise, we're really different as well. Bella is reclusive, quiet, insecure, but also kind-hearted, compassionate and caring-when she chooses to be. I do love her, even when her mood swings drive me crazy. I'm sorta the opposite in some ways, which basically means wild, outgoing, overly independent and, yeah, a little on the insane side. But that's ok too, it's not like we have to be exactly the same to get along or anything. We do share the same love of books, although where Bella leans towards classic tragic romance, I'm more into the action/adventure and mystery books. Give me some Sherlock Holmes and I shall call it elementary, my dear Watson. "I want to go" Bella lies. My twin is a very bad liar, but she's been forced to say that line so often now that it comes out almost sounding true. I know for sure it isn't though, not with all the complaining she's been doing secretly to me. Plus, we are twins, it's pretty much a rule that we know when the other is lying. Our mother smiles slightly at us both, "Say hi to Charlie" "We will Mom" Bella replies a little tightly. I scoff, pretending to sound put out, "I don't know Mom, that's a lot of pressure to put on Bella, she'll actually have to speak to him to say hi. Better let me worry about that" I smirk a little at my twin, and even though I'm obviously teasing, Bella narrows her eyes at me. Mom smacks my arm playfully, "Oh, now, Ever, don't tease your sister. Both of you, be nice to each other from now on, ok. You'll need each others support" I almost laugh at that, the day Bella supports anyone but her own whiny ass is the day I get rid of my sidekick bat, Kevin. And that is never happening, I can assure you. Mom ignores my smirk and Bella's snort, saying, "I'll see you soon. You can come home whenever you want -I'll come right back as soon as you need me." I can clearly see that she hopes we won't be needing her any time soon, which is fair. It's hard to start a new life if your twin daughters keep calling you back for a hug. "No need to worry, Mom" I say. "We'll be fine" Bella adds, "I love you" "I love you too, Mom" She hugs us both tightly, then we get on the plane and she's gone. It's a four-hour flight from Phoenix to Seattle, another hour in a small plane up to Port Angeles, and then an hour drive back down to Forks. I don't mind flying, athough sitting next to Bella for that long might end in tears. Or a crashed plane. "Are you alright?" I ask, Bella is looking a little tense as we get closer and closer to the airport that Dad will pick us up from. Bella shrugs, and then huffs a little, eventually saying, "It's gonna be awkward with Charlie" Ah, so that's what has her all shifty. "It might not be that bad" I reply, because it really might not be that bad. Bella gives me another narrow look, "Charlie isn't exactly the best at conversation, it's gonna be majorly awkward" I think about that for a moment, and then say, "You can't blame Dad for that, not completely, it's not like you're a regular little chatterbox either" Bella huffs again, "I know that, which is why it's gonna be even more awkward" To be fair she's probably right. But Dad's been really great about us coming to live with him. He sounds genuinely happy about it, and he's already got us registered at school-ugh, why?-and is helping us out with a vehicle of our own. But I do think he's a little confused about why Bella would agree to come and live in Forks, just like our mother she never made her dislike of the place a secret. "Nah, it'll be ok. You have me to fill all the silences up with my awesomeness" I grin at my twin. Bella pulls a face at me and shakes her head, "Oh, God, that'll be even worse" I flick her on the forehead, "I take serious offense to that. My amazingness knows no bounds. You shall see my emo twin, you shall heed this day!" I throw my hands up dramatically. After that Bella puts her earphones back in and ignores me for the rest of the flight. As is her usual M.O. ... It's raining when we land. See, I told ya. Dad is waiting for us by his cruiser. I think we both expected that. Our Dad is the Police chief of Forks. Which is why Bella wants her own set of wheels, because she really doesn't like being driven around in a car with blue and red lights on top. Me on the other hand, I like the flashy blue lights. I quite like freaking people out too, nothing makes people panic on the road quite like a police car. I watch in both horror and awe as Dad hugs Bella; it truly is horrifyingly awkward. Then I throw myself into his arms and he spins me around, which is the way we've always greeted each other. It's not that Dad loves me more, or anything like that. I'm just not afraid to push our Dad out of his comfort zone a little and tell him what I want. Bella just expects him to know . I keep telling her that Dad isn't very good at catching subtlety, he needs to be told how to treat us. But she won't listen to me, she never does though, so I'm used to it by now. "It's good to see you both" Dad says smiling at us brightly. I smile back and say, "It's great to see you too Dad" After I nudge