New Moon: The Ever Swan story I do not own New Moon. At all. Like, not even a teensy tiny bit. I promise. I'M BAAAAACCCCKKKK! Just for everyone who doesn't know, this is technically a sequel. I beg of you to please read my first story 'Twilight: The Ever Swan story' before reading this one. Things might seem a bit wacky if you don't. Then again, with Ever, things are always insanity infused, so it might not make a difference! x A few warnings for this story: Het and slash in this fic (so if you don't like that then you know where the metaphorical door is.). Scenes of violence. Bad language throughout. There will be some graphic scenes of a sexual nature, but I will clearly mark those parts so if you want to skip them then you can. References to past abuse. Mention of metal health issues (I do not want to offend anyone.). PLEASE! Read AUTHORS NOTE BELOW it is very important! Thank you! Now, on with the show my pretties! xxx Party Ok, so, I'm officially old now. Eighteen today bitches! I might as well just retire right now, I can move to Miami and buy a bungalow to live in and shout at spring breakers to get their drunk asses off my god damn lawn. I shall have my very own walking stick like the one Lucius Malfoy used as a sneaky hiding place for his wand. Ah, I miss Kevin. This has been, by far, the best summer I've ever had. Edward and I have spent so much time together that it feels like I've known him my whole life. I've revealed some of my past to him, but only glimmers. When it came right down to it, I just didn't know how to explain everything that happened. It's been years, and yet that time in my life still hangs over me like a ghost. I'll get there. For the first time I actually want to share the truth about myself with someone. Well, sort of the first time anyway. Dad got me a new t-shirt for my birthday, it's a dark blue and has the words 'So far this is the oldest I've ever been' written on it in big black lettering. What can I say, the man knows me. Luckily Dad's let up on the whole 'take your meds or watch me make a frowny face all day' thing. I swear, I'm taking them religiously, no need to alarm the local madhouse that they'll be getting a new patient. Or an old one, depending on how you look at it. I bought a t-shirt online for Bella as a birthday present, it's green and reads 'I am the reason why we can't have nice things'. She loves it. She loves it so much that she threw it at my face and called me a dick, then flounced away in a loving huff. I was too busy giggling like a ten year old with my new top hat from Beany to care for her emoness. Another man who knows me. I feel truly wuved. I'm wearing my new top hat now as we're on our the way to school. I feel that everyone should bow to the greatness that is Robbie the top hat. He is beautiful and worthy of praise. I realise how way through our journey to school that Bella bop appears genuinely tense. I turn in my seat, and ask her gently, "Please, Bell, tell me what's going on with you." Bella's face scrumples a little and she sniffs rather loudly. I brace myself for big overly dramatic tears, but all I get is Bella saying in a slightly choked up voice, "We're getting old." Huh. "That's usually the idea of a birthday, yeah, Bell," I say slowly, not wanting to spook her. Bella bop gets this ultra pained look on her face, "Every day we get older and older, and the Cullens never will." Oh bejesus, really? "It's a bit early for a mid-life crisis, you twit," I try to tease, although her words do echo something back to my own mind. It's not that I never think about my future with Edward, it's more that I can't see a way around what will eventually happen. Either Edward will move on when I'm older, or I will when I need to. I'm hoping that we'll always be close, Ward and I, even if we aren't always together in a romantic sense. But we have years until it becomes a problem anyway, so I don't worry about it that much. Of course Bella the emo child of America would though. Bella turns to me, which is a bit scary as she's technically still driving Gordan, "I had a dream last night, about Nana. She was old and wrinkled, and when I looked in the mirror I was old and wrinkled too. JP was there, looking at me like he could barely recognise my face." I shrug at her obvious distress, "So even in your dreams the mighty JnoodlesP is an asshole, big deal. Dreams aren't real life Bella...just calm yourself for once. JP isn't worried about you getting old is he?" Bella frowns in that way of hers that makes her look like a dyslexic kitten and she mumbles, "Um, he hasn't said, but that's not the point-" "Of course that's the point. If JP doesn't give a shiz how old you're getting, then neither should you," I say firmly. Actually, she shouldn't care either way what JP thinks of her age, but that would be a moot point with the emotron 5000, so I leave it there. Bella seems to think for a long moment, God help us all, but eventually she just sniffs at me and says, "You don't understand." Oh for the love of ice cream and it's creator! Give me the strength not to pummel my own twin to death with her own book bag. "I do understand," I argue, most likely pointlessly, with her, "I just happen to disagree with you. Edward doesn't care that I'm turning eighteen, I can tell you that much." Bella gives me a glare for that one, "Of course Edward doesn't care, he's infatuated with you!" "JP is obsessed with you!" I shout at her, "Like in the creepiest way possible, but still." Why are we even arguing about this, it's completely ridiculous. "I know that John would never say anything," Bella says, sounding a bit shrill, "But that doesn't mean he won't be bothered eventually." I run both my hands through my hair. It's gotten longer since I first got here, and the black tips have started to curl. "Yeah, key word there, Bella, 'eventually', as in, not now. " Bella doesn't reply for a long time, and I know it's not because she's finally seen the error of her twitish ways. We drive on in silence, and I take the time to try and calm myself. I don't want to be all worked up when I get to school. I've been really great with my panic attacks over the summer. I'll admit Jacob has been helping me a lot. He makes me feel safe and content in a way that no one, not even Edward, can manage. But I do get the impression that he's hiding things from me. He told me as much the last time we spoke. He also said he isn't ready to talk about it yet. Far be it from me to force the issue. Although he's been fully willing to talk to me about his condition. I have no idea what could be more personal than that. But I've learnt, in my short weird life, that you can never truly know a person. There's always something they hold back. I should know, I'm usually the one first to hold out on someone. Not because I necessarily want to, but because I don't know how to be both honest and keep on breathing at the same time. Out of nowhere really, Bella snaps at me, "Just because your love for Edward is temporary doesn't mean mine for John is." Bitch did not just let those words come out of her face! "Screw you, Bella! Ward and I may not prance around saying we wuv each other every five seconds, but we share something meaningful and real. I love him, but just because I love him doesn't mean I'm blind to the obvious fact that one day I will get old and die, and he'll stay the same. I don't see the need to dwell on such a terrible fact, so just fucking leave it, would you." Bella's face shuts down, and she shields all emotion from me. Well good, I'm tired of her whingy mood anyway. I pointedly turn away from her and take out my phone. There's a text there from Jacob, and I allow that warm comforting feeling to envelope me right down to my toes. "Happy Day of Birth you old coot. x" That's the third 'Happy' Birthday' text he's sent me this morning. There's been a different old joke every time. "You better respect your elders young man. x" "Try not to fall over on those spindly old lady legs, it's icy today." "I hope you realise that every time you reference my ancientness today adds to the amount of times I'm going to beat you later." "Bring it on you wrinkly hag!" "Oh you bitch! The fight is on!" "No, I would never fight you, Lyna." "Why not?" "I don't fight little old ladies. It's wrong." "I will hurt your face." "NOOOOOOO!" "What?!" "A bird just ate my bacon!" "Are we talking literally, or figuratively here?" "No, I mean some asshole bird with feathers and shit just ate my left over bacon." "Why is there a bird in your house?" "There isn't, I'm outside." "Why are you outside eating bacon?" "Can't a man stand outside his own house and eat bacon out of a cereal bowl without being interrogated? I know my rights." "Is there cereal in that bowl?" "I would prefer not to disclose that information." "You. Are. So. Weird." "Takes one to know one." I realise suddenly that I'm being watched, and that Gordan has been officially parked in the school lot. Bella is giving me a hard look that I'm not sure how to interpret. "What?" I ask her. She raises a speculative eyebrow and shrugs, "Why are you grinning like an idiot? What is Edward saying?" Edward? I frown at her, "Nothing yet, I haven't spoken to him since he called earlier this morning." Bella's eyes widen almost comically, "Then who are you texting?" "Um...," with the reproachful look she's giving me I really don't want to answer. "It's Jacob, isn't it," Bella states with a piercing stare. I grit my teeth and try not to snap at her when I say, "Yes, is that a problem?" "I don't know. Is it?" Damn her and all her judgy little brain cells. "Jacob is my friend. My good friend. Good friends can text on each other on their birthdays." Or on any day for that matter. Bella's expression is mild, and it clearly says 'yeah, whatever'. "What does Edward think about it?" she asks me nosily. I want to flick her face. But I restrain myself because I am not a violent person. Usually. "Bella, don't even go there. Ward is fully aware of my friendship with Jay, and Jay is perfectly aware of my fully committed relationship with Ward. They're both fine with it." Ok, so that's a bit of a lie, but Bella doesn't need to know all my personal business. Technically speaking Jacob and Edward seem to have come to some kind of unspoken truce where they simply never mention each other to me. Edward doesn't talk to me about Jacob, and Jacob skirts around the topic of Edward as much as possible.