(No Romans except Lupa, because she's needed in the story) A being of unimaginable power is coming for earth. A being so strong that titans and gods alike are being forced to fight side-by-side if they want to have any chance of beating it, but in order for this to happen someone needs to be born to bring peace between them. His name is Perseus, the only immortal half-blood. -Black Trident- "I know you do not wish to do this Lupa, but more is at stake here than your oath. If not I would never even consider doing this to you." Lupa sat crying on a brown leather couch, face buried in her hands, and the strong arm of Oceanus wrapped around her shoulder comfortingly. They were in the deepest part of the ocean, one of the few places Poseidon still did not know about, and one of the only places they could be alone without suspicion. "Why me? Why must we be chosen to do this?" Oceanus smiled softly at her even though she could not see it. He knew how hard this was for her, her whole life she had kept her oath to be an eternal maiden, even the past two hundred years she had spent with him. "I think you already know the answer to that, my love." Lupa nodded her head and slowly stopped crying, and put on a strong face of determination. She realized there was no reason for her to be upset. "This is wrong," Oceanus frowned when she said that, "I shouldn't be moping on the couch when I have the opportunity to have a son, to unite my siblings back with our father, and best of all, to live forever with my only love." Oceanus let a smile on his face and felt a little silly for thinking she would ever leave him. Lupa looked up at him, and he at her, and they both leaned in for a kiss. -Black Trident- After a horrible month of accelerated pregnancy, a 'gift' from the Fates to make it as quick for Lupa as possible, now it was time for their son to be born. Oceanus, having no experience in delivering babies, called upon the Fates help to deliver it, but they refused to be anywhere near the baby. He found it unnerving that the Fates themselves were seemingly scared of the child, but he quickly shook it off and continued the search for someone he could trust to deliver the baby. Eventually he brought a mortal down to his palace in the ocean and got her to deliver the baby. It took a while, and a bit of drugging, to get her calmed down enough to do it, but it was well worth it. "One final push, just one more push and it should be out." Lupa let out a scream as she pushed harder then any of the ones before, releasing a groan when the baby was finally out. Oceanus smiled brightly and leaned in to give Lupa a peck on the lips. "Congratulations, it's a boy!" The doctor handed the wrapped baby to Oceanus, who slipped into bed next to Lupa and handed it to her. "Thank you for your services mortal. You shall be transported back to your home with no memories of tonight, and merely chalk it up to a wild night at a bar." The mortal was whisked away in a flash of blue light when Oceanus snapped his fingers. He quickly turned his attention back to his son and soon to be wife. The boy had black hair exactly like his fathers, and the same tan complexion also. His eyes were the fierce yellow of a wolf's, and seemed to glow brightly just like his mothers. When he opened his mouth in a laugh, two sharp fangs were clearly visible. The baby gurgled happily and reached up to tug on his father's beard. Oceanus smiled when he felt the baby's strong grip tug on his beard, and he immediately knew that if anybody could unite enemies as old as time itself, it would be his son. "What do you wish to name him, Lupa?" Lupa stared lovingly at her son and looked deep into his eyes. "His name shall be Perseus… the destroyer." The boy let out a delightful giggle when it heard its name, a fitting name for the future of the baby boy. -Black Trident- Perseus, now a sixteen year old, stood toe to toe with his father in battle. Luckily he inherited his father's love for tridents, as that was the only weapon Oceanus knew how to forge. He had a throwing knife strapped to his side that he had made a little less than a year ago. The blade was a dark blue with a bright green stripe going up the middle, enchanted to return to his side as soon as it was buried completely in its target. The trident was a gift from his father. The whole thing was a black metal found a couple hundred meters under Oceanus' palace, basically the center of the earth. The very tips of the three prongs a crystal blue, able to be seen through but still able to be seen clearly. The bottom had a sharp point on it made of the same material as the prongs, and the handle was a green grip made from the scales of the first monster Percy killed, a little sea serpent outside the palace grounds. When Percy wasn't using the weapon he just visualized it shrinking down into its pen form, a black pen shaped like a trident, and to bring it back to its weapon form he just pressed down on the prongs as if clicking the pen. "Hold your weapon at more of an angle son, you're leaving your right to exposed." Oceanus attempted to strike right, proving his point, but Percy quickly reacted by spinning next to the weapon and striking at his father's throat, shrinking his weapon to pen form while doing so, as to not accidentally stab him. "Come on father, surely you know my style isn't as orderly as yours." Oceanus mumbled and willed his trident to dissolve into a mist. "Yes, I know. One day someone is going to be able to counter your style and you'll be wishing you could fight like me," Percy merely smirked and twirled his pen between his thumbs, "sadly that someone won't be me." Oceanus and Percy walked side by side out of the arena. Percy stood just slightly smaller than his father at 5'10, and he was less bulky than his father. Most fighters would count this as a disadvantage but Percy loved his size. It allowed him to move quicker than his opponent, and his small size allowed him to easily outmaneuver anything he faced in combat. His father was somewhat disappointed that his son took more after his mother in everything but his love for tridents, but he could tell Percy would be a lot easier to beat if he had the same basic fighting as himself. Instead Percy fought with his weapon, it was as if the weapon was flowing with a tide, not the normal fighting style were the weapon is violently swung back and forth and jabbed every which way. This allowed him to easily fight longer than any other fighter there was, which revealed his wolf aspect even more. For some unknown reason Percy didn't have a wolf form. His strength was twice that of the other werewolves in him mothers pack, his sense of smell, taste, eyesight, and hearing on par with her best trackers, his speed on foot almost as fast as Lupa's wolf form, yet he could not turn into a wolf. It bothered him more than anything in life, and he spent countless hours each day trying to access it, until eventually he just assumed he didn't have a wolf form. "How did it go? Did my little boy finally beat his father?" Percy smiled a blindingly white smile, his long canines easily visible from a distance. "You should've seen it honey, this little guy's gonna be a warrior unlike any other in battle." Percy blushed and rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. "I'm not that good. I just got a little lucky." Lupa and Oceanus locked eyes and smiled. Their kid had more reason than anyone to be arrogant, yet he never once was. Sure, he acted cocky in battle, often jesting with his opponent the whole time, but it was more of a way to calm his nerves than anything else. Speaking of nerves, he had the uncanny ability to get on anybody's nerves. He had sarcasm so thick that his father often became more than ticked at him, but this just helped him more in battle. Getting his father riled up helped him become more erratic and predictable, focusing much more on strength then on tactic. "Son, do you know what today is?" Percy shrugged his shoulders in confusion, wondering why his mother wanted to know. "I think it's Saturday, why do you want to know?" Lupa looked at Oceanus who nodded his head gravely. "Its time you're introduced to the world above water. You're lucky Poseidon is claiming you as his own, and I'm going to tell the council that you joined my pack and I've been training you for Poseidon as a favor for the past 16 years. I'll send you to camp and you'll live there as a son of Poseidon." At this point Lupa's face grew graver than before. "Be careful son. The other gods have been siring children faster than ever before, along with the titans. They both sense the coming war and are trying to prepare. Now is not the time for fights among your allies, so please resist the temptation." Percy nodded his head in understanding, his mother had already explained to him in his studies that the sons of Zeus were prideful and that they would never admit to being second in anything. "The trident is merely enchanted silver made by the Cyclops in their underwater forge if any asks. Poseidon has refused to sire mortal children ever since Orion, so although everyone will be jealous, they will accept without question that Poseidon gave you special treatment." Percy pulled out his pen and smiled softly. He had not yet come up with a name for it yet, but he was confident he would someday soon. "I understand mother. When will I see you again?" Lupa and Oceanus smiled softly as tears welled up in their eyes. "We do not know son, but whatever happens to us you must always remain strong. Even if we die you must remain strong." Percy reeled back in shock when they said this, but started to feel his body being teleported. "No! I won't let you die! I swear on the-" Both immortals let out a breath of relief when he was teleported, keeping him from finishing his oath. They knew they would likely be executed for their crime of passion long before everyone else knew the real purpose of their son. -Black Trident- Percy appeared in the center of Camp Half-Blood, scaring all the campers around him when he let loose a roar of pure fury while dropping to his knees, sobs racking his body violently. Campers quickly drew their weapons and surrounded him when a blonde haired boy stepped up from the crowd and held a hand up. "Don't attack, he looks like a Halfblood!" The boy had dirty blonde hair that was in a military cut. His eyes sparkled blue, and in his hand was a bolt of lightning, a mini replica of his father's, Zeus', master bolt. Percy shakily stood up and looked around him. When he saw everyone ready to fight, he quickly turned his pen into Trident form. His eyes narrowed and scanned the crowd as he crouched low. Several