Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, nor the characters or any of the original materials. I only came up with the plot idea for this fic. AN: Please review and let me know of any continuity errors, grammar errors, how much you hate/love any part of this fic! Thank you! April 2000 Hermione Granger stood before the mirror, gazing at herself. She was wearing a very old and gaudy looking wedding dress, covered in an excessive amount of lace and beading that seemed to be randomly attached to the dress. While it was still in wonderful shape, it had a slightly musty smell. She hadn't been a fan of this wedding dress from the moment she first saw it, but it was her future mother-in-law's and it was basically impossible to say no to that woman. Hermione wondered if that was how she had gotten herself into this situation. She was about to marry a man whom she saw as no more than a close friend, perhaps even like a brother. Too many expectations and the fear of letting down people that she loved was the drive towards most of her decisions in this relationship. She sighed and turned away from the mirror, no longer able to look at herself. What had happened to the strong and independent Hermione Jean Granger? She knew that the man who stood at the altar at this very moment would do his best to make her happy, and anyone would be lucky to be marrying him. So why was she feeling like she was just settling for something, rather than winning a prize? He had always tried to be empathetic, even if he didn't quite understand the motives behind her actions. August 1998 " Did you see that we got letters in the mail from Headmistress McGonagall? We're invited to take our seventh year at Hogwarts, so that we can take our N.E.W.T.s," Hermione said, excitedly clutching the letter in her hand. " Yeah, but I don't think Harry and I will be going. The head of the Auror Program has told us we don't need to take the exams. He's letting us skip a lot of the training, said we had more experience than some of the oldest members of the team. You know, he said you could be part of it, too. Why don't you just join us?" Ronald Weasley said, his head cocked to the side in interest. " I've done enough Dark Wizard catching to last a lifetime, Ron. I want to do something else. I don't know what, but I know that I need to start by finishing my schooling. Then we'll see what other kinds of training programs are out there for me," Hermione said, giving Ron a small smile. " I'm sure that any program would take you, even with out you finishing at Hogwarts. Is there some other reason you want to go to Hogwarts? Is it because of me, of what happened between us?" He asked, his tone sounding slightly embarrassed and panicked. Hermione rolled her eyes. Of course he would think it was because of him. He really needed a self-confidence boost. "Of course not, Ron. We both decided we'd be better off as friends, for now anyways. I want to finish my schooling. Don't you remember how important it was to me growing up? Not only will I be able to do that, but you and I can figure out exactly what we want without worrying about each other." Ron nodded his head, a small frown on his face. "I guess that makes sense. I still don't entirely understand, but if it's what you want then…" he trailed off and shrugged his shoulders. "Go for it." A knock on the door pulled Hermione out of her reverie. The door opened and in walked Ginny Weasley. The expression on her face was full of sympathy, and Hermione could also see traces of curiosity. "How are you feeling?" Ginny asked. "I don't know, Gin. I really don't. I feel like I don't know anything at all anymore," Hermione replied, biting her manicured thumb nail. Ginny chuckled. "Stop the presses. Hermione Granger doesn't know." Hermione gave Ginny an exasperated look as she began pacing the length of the small room. "You know you don't have to do this, right?" Ginny asked, her eyes following Hermione's movements. "I don't have to do what? Walk down to that altar and say 'I do?' It's a little late for that advice, Gin!" Hermione paused. "And why wouldn't I? I love your brother." "How is it too late, Hermione? Because everything has been paid for? It's not like it cost much. Everyone was practically throwing decorations and cake samples at you just because of who you both are. Yes, you love Ron, but you and I both know that it's not that kind of love. You have that kind of love reserved for someone else," Ginny smirked. Hermione shot daggers at Ginny. "Yes, and you and I both also know that it's unrequited. It would be impossible for it to be reciprocated. You know that." "Do I though? Do you know that? We never found out who the girl was, he never told us. You never asked." April 1999 Hermione Granger sat at an empty table in the back of the library. She was currently studying the effects of different ingredients found in Polyjuice Potion. Using some of these ingredients, she hoped to concoct a potion that could be taken to rid the drinker of their Dark Mark. Not that she knew many people that would want to. She currently only knew of one. " Granger, you've been studying for the N.E.W.T.s since September and you're weeks ahead on homework. What could you possibly be studying right now?" Came a snarky voice down towards the end of the aisle. Hermione looked up to see Draco Malfoy sauntering towards her, a smile on his face. September 1999 When boarding the Hogwarts Express last September, Hermione and Ginny had happened across Draco Malfoy sitting in their usual compartment. Assuming he wanted to pick a fight and not being one to back down from a challenge, Hermione Granger walked in and sat down across from him. He immediately threw his hands up in surrender, saying he had nowhere else to sit. He pulled a piece of parchment out of his pocket and handed it to her. " What's this?" Hermione had asked, slightly seething at his nonchalance and not taking her eyes off of him. He had still said nothing, but glanced between her and the parchment in her hand. He silently implored her to look at the parchment. Warily, she unrolled the paper and gave him a bewildered look upon seeing what was written on it. " You've created a list of every slight you ever committed towards me?" She asked in astonishment. " I doubt it's all of them. I don't think I could ever remember every single time I said something out of line towards you, Granger. But I'd like to think of that as a good start. A good place to start towards asking forgiveness." He had looked away from her then, the tiniest amount of pink tinging his cheeks. Once Hermione had found that he was genuine and not trying to gain anything, except perhaps a friend, they were practically inseparable. Although many of her other friends were still a little wary of Draco, Ginny was quick to defend Hermione's logic and her ability to make the best decisions for herself. With the three of them constantly together, they could hear people calling them the 'Contrary Trio,' because if Hermione Granger could forgive and befriend Draco Malfoy then anything was possible. April 1999 (continued) Hermione returned Draco's smile, discreetly hiding her notes and closing the books she had open across the table. "Oh, I'm just rereading about the effects of Polyjuice Potions. I needed to refresh my mind." Draco rolled his eyes. "Didn't you say you brewed it in second year? I doubt you need to be reminded when you were making such an advanced potion at age twelve, Hermione." Hermione's heart fluttered when he said her name. That didn't happen too often. "And when are you going to tell me the story of why exactly you were brewing it in the first place?" Hermione blushed, recalling her disastrous attempt at using the potion. She chuckled. "Maybe one day," she smirked. Draco shook his head in amusement. "I'll hold you to it." He frowned a little bit. "Anyways, I need to talk to you. And Weaslette. Do you know where she is?" " She's supposed to be meeting me here any time now." She paused, looking past Draco. "Oh, there she is." Draco turned and they watched as Ginny Weasley hurried down the aisle of the library towards them. "'Mione, tell me why again you decided to pick the table in the very back of the library to study at all the time?" Hermione smirked at her, a mischievous gleam in her eye. "You're both asking a lot of questions today. Haven't you learned to trust me yet?" She bat her eyelashes jokingly, and then burst with laughter. Ginny shot Hermione a glare, but then smiled and rolled her eyes. "You've been hanging around Draco too much. You're starting to get snarky." " I prefer to call it wit, and she had plenty of that before I began spending any time in her presence." Draco drawled dramatically. Hermione rolled her eyes, smiling. "Anyways, you're here just in time, Gin. Draco says he has something he needs to tell us," Hermione said as Ginny and Draco both took a seat at her table. " So, what's going on, Drake? Decided that your life is much better suited as a ferret and want us to help you make the transfiguration permanent?" Ginny asked, smiling mischievously. " You know I hate you calling me that, Weaslette. And no, I do not fancy the idea of being a weasel for the rest of my life. Having you around is enough of a reminder." Draco took a deep breath, becoming serious. Hermione frowned, putting her hand on Draco's in comfort. She didn't miss Ginny's cheeky smirk, and mentally noted to be cross with her later. "What's wrong, Draco?" Draco stared down at the table, blankly. A look of pain crossed his face for a moment, before he put his guard back up. "Nothing's wrong, per say. There's just one thing that I haven't told you yet, and I think it's time to. I-" He cleared his throat. "I am a Veela." He hesitated. "Well, not a full Veela, obviously. I'm really only a quarter." Their little corner was met with silence. Hermione looked confused, and Ginny seemed more like she thought it made a lot of sense. Draco swallowed visibly. " Say something." Draco paused. Then he began speaking quickly. "I know. I should have told you already. But I couldn't. I had to be sure I could trust you. Not that either of you might do anything about it, but-" " Draco, stop. Of course it's understandable why you hadn't told us yet. But, more importantly, you need to tell us what qualities of a Veela you inherited," Hermione interrupted. She braced herself for what he might say, trying to prepare for the best—or the worst. " Do you have a-" Ginny began to ask, but Draco cut her off. " A mate? Yes, I do. And I've already found her, so no need to worry your bushy little head over it, Granger," he looked at Hermione, and smirked. "I could almost immediately see the plans forming in your brain to help me find her." Hermione blushed lightly. "Well, won't you die if you don't find your mate? I wouldn't want that to happen!" She said defensively, trying to turn the attention away from her and her reddening cheeks. "Anyways, you said