Lord of the Rings: Tears of an Elf Au: Why hello, yes you're probably wondering why i haven't finished my other stories and tbh... i don't know, but i have been in a LOTR mood for awhile and thus decided to write a small oneshot =] enjoy There were many races within the world of Middle Earth, and in the third age, they would soon join forces to defeat the evil of Sauron, who threatens to destroy the world. The dwarves, creatures of the deep underground, expert miners that prefer to dwell in caves seeking mithril. They were creatures true to their own race, and would most likely prefer to be left alone and not mingle with the other races. Yet though stouty and hardy creatures, the dwarves were emotional, proud and fierce warriors, easily succumbed to their sorrow of lose. The Hobbits, shire folk or halflings, whatever you may prefer to call them, they were are a surprising race. Generally preferring the taste of fine food and ale and the odd whiff of long bottom leaf weed, these creatures are that of peace, and are quite happy to be left out of the worlds affairs. Yet every so often, there comes a time when, these tiny halflings surprise even the wisest of wizards. They are fiercely loyal to one another, and will put up a good fight in any battle. However, no matter how strong their hearts, these creatures fall easily to despair, and allow their sorrowful tears to flow freely. The Wizards, conjurer of spells, summoner of magic, are free to roam, connected to the world, they travel. They are considered wise, and are sought out by many. Old and weary, these men are mistaken to be easy foes, yet they burst to life, striking down the most mightiest of opponents. Though, lived for many years, these tired men are not easy to bring to tears, but when they are, it is like magic is spilling from their eyes. Men, the third age is that of Men, men whose strength is within their courage, are easily seduced by power, and its that trait that has given the other races less hope in men, yet as the age goes on, the men have being growing in strength, fighting to protect that they truly love. But once that love has been taken away, man is nothing but an empty shell. Then there is the Elves, eleglant, fluid, ruthless in battle, these are secretive creatures, experts in healing and archery. Their age is ending, most fleeing to the undying lands. Nature slowly dies as they leave. But they must, yet those who remain behind are the more stoic of the race, warriors who fight alongside their allies. Most say that Elves are emotionless, no fear, no temptation to love another, no one has ever seen an elf cry for a lose of their own kind, and so the rumour began that Elves cannot cry. And if they do, the tears are considered a rare and precious thing. Can a man draw tears from an Elf? At Helms deep: The battle had raged on for what seemed like hours, the cries of men and Elves merged with the screeches and roars of Uruk-Hai and orcs barely heard over the downpour of rain that had began to fall. The mood was that of desperation as many ladders scaled up the outer wall, loaded with blood thirsty beasts. The men and Elf alliance was dwindling to the hundreds whilst Sarumons' army still stood strong. But they kept fighting on. The Lord Aragorn leading them. He and his two companions were separated along the wall, Gimli the dwarf keeping to the edge to strike down enemies that climbed over, unexpecting the short warrior. Aragorn kept between the Elves and the Rohan fighters, encouraging both races. Whilst Legolas maintained his post, shooting down enemies that dared to climb up and striking enemies that had already managed to get over. More and more bodies fell, more human and elf then anything, but that did nothing to deter the Rohan men from fighting to protect their King, nor did the Elves falter to save their alliance. The future King turned from the battle when he heard an usual Uruk-Hai roar, he leaned over the wall and fear struck his normally brave heart. A berserker, clutching a sparking torch was running towards the wall, towards the grate that left a small opening for the well. In panic, he looked to see who was nearer, and was relieved to a degree to see Legolas. "Shoot him down, Legolas!" he cried in elvish. The elf turned, seeing his new target and without hesitation, notched and released an arrow, piercing the creatures chest, but to both Aragorns' and Legolas's horror, the manic creature continued. "Bring it down!" Aragorn bellowed, Legolas notched another arrow, and let it fly, his blue eyes widened as the deranged Uruk-Hai continued to run, and before Legolas could ready another arrow the beast threw itself and the torch into the well. Within a second the wall blew apart, sending many men, Elves and orcs flying through the air and onto the protruding spears below. Aragorn being one of the few to land on the ground without being impaled, he lay unconscious for only a few moments, before he pushed himself up on all fours. He looked over his shoulders to see the intruding orcs being pushed back by the gush of water the wall had been holding back, but even the powerful waves had to give way, and soon the inner keep had been breached. "Aragorn!" Gimli cried from above, and the man could only watch in silent fright as the dwarf threw himself from the decreped wall and into the thrawt of enemies. "Gimli!" Aragorn called out as he watched his friend fend off the orcs, lasting for a good amount of time before he was submerged into the murky water. "Release!" Aragorn ordered, a line of Archer Elves had lined behind him, and in unison realeased a onslaught of arrows that brought many down. The Lord, raised his sword and in a magnificent charge, ploughed down the oncoming orcs, he grabbed where Gimli fell, pulling up a water logged dwarf, who spouted out water. "Come on, Gimli" the ranger ushered as he tried to pull back the dwarf, as the small man kicked and cursed, the man looked around for his elvish friend. Amonsgt the chaos, he could not see him. "Aragorn, report to the King! Get your men out of there!" The two friends couldn't identify the voice, but as soon as the order was given, Aragorn called back the troops, and only a handful managed to run back to the keep, leaving the fallen to be be crushed under armoured feet. ... Inside the keep, Theoden, King of Rohan, stood watch as his last remaining men barricaded the gate, Aragorn and Gimli arrived just in time, as a few spears managed to creep through a hole. "How much time do you need?" Aragorn questioned "As much as you can give me" the King replied, clutching onto his wounded shoulder. "Gimli come on" the ranger hushed as he pushed the dwarf through a narrow passage way. The two ended up on the outside, and creeping along the edge, Aragorn peeped round to see the bridge, where many Uruk-Hai stood hammering at the door. "Oh, come on, we can take them" Gimli goaded, waving his axe in anticipation. "It's a long way" Aragorn responded, a light smirk on his lips. Gimli gulped as he looked past the man, and swallowing his pride. "Toss me" "What?" Aragorn raised a brow in slight amusement. "I cannot jump the distance, you'll have to toss me" Gimli uttered, embarrasement evident in his voice. The ranger grasped the dwarves' shoulder. "Ah ah... Don't tell the elf" Gimli pleaded, looking up at the man. "Not a word" and with that the ranger threw the dwarf over the large gap, sending him crashing into the army. Aragorn soon followed, leaping with ease and the two were fighting on their own. Legolas was on the wall, firing arrows here and there, he had not seen both his friends since the wall fell, and he was losing his nerve. But soon a familiar battle cry made the elf turn. He peeked over the edge and had to scoff as he watched his friends take on a dozen orcs. "Get out of there!" the King ordered before a final panel was placed across the gate. Legolas seeing no way for the two, grabbed a nearby rope and threw it over the side. "Aragorn!" he called, the ranger looked and grabbing Gimli he clasped onto the rope. It was no easy feat for the elf alone to pull up his two friends, he kept glancing over his shoulder in case of an attack, but he was fortunate enough not to suffer so. As Aragorn drew nearer, the elf gripped his forearm, pulling the two completely over the edge. "The keep has been breached, all retreat to the hall!" All those who survived had managed to escape, but with only a handful left, they did all they could to secure the door. Legolas was helping barricade the entrance, tipping over tables. Aragorn spoke softly to Theoden, trying to find a way to get the women and children out. And seeing the sun light peer through a window, Aragorn had one last idea. After much coaxing, The remaining men all mounted their horses, and with the bellowing sound of the horn, the men charged, trampling orcs and throwing off the bridge as they rode. It seemed like a last resort lost, until he came... Gandalf, clad in white, riding upon the king of all horses, Shadowfax, stood upon the steep hill top. Joining him Eomer, and with the echo of a Rohan horn, hundreds more riders appeared. "For the King!" Eomer cried, and soon the horses were flying down the cliffside. The sun rose over the peak, blinding the foes, making it impossible for them to defend, as the front line was destroyed, orcs crashing into the powerful chests of the horses. Helms deep was saved, the battle won as the orcs fled. The men cheered with victory, and soon the order was given to return home. ... Back at the Golden hall, the grand space filled with men who rose to toast. "Hail the victorious dead" Hours later and there was hardly a sobre man standing, and one very drunk dwarf, the two hobbits, which had been found earlier that evening, were singing and dancing, entertaining the crowd. Gandalf chuckling as he idly stood by. Aragorn was cruising through, recieving many praises, but he longed to find his elven friend, who seemed to be rather withdrawn. He spotted the golden haired being vanish from the hall and was swift to follow. He ended up outside, it was dark, the only light given by a full moon, her silver light dancing on the blades of grass that filled the plains. The air was cold, and Aragorn shivered from its icy bite. In the corner of his eyes he saw a figure, and as he turned he saw it to be his friend. "Legolas" he breathed out. Legolas nodded his head in acknowledgment before returning his gaze to the valley. "What has driven you out here, my friend" Aragorn spoke softly. "I do not understand the race of Men" the Elf replied, Aragorn tilted his head to the side. "Oh?" "You celebrate, yes the battle was won, but many lives were lost... Yet you celebrate as if their deaths' mean nothing" Legolas elaborated, his golden locks caught in the wind, starnds of blonde danced behind him. "For men... it is better to celebrate then to mourn, we celebrate their lives, what they stood for... They fought to protect their King and loved ones, not to recognise that would have been