A/N: Hello my fellow Ringers! I'll explain a little more on the story at the END authors note because I want to get you reading but here's some things you need to know: this takes place AFTER The Two Towers/ before The Return Of The King. This chapter is divided into 2 parts (because it's waaayyy too long to be one chapter but it needs to be long because it's essential for the story) so when you reach the end of this chapter there won't be much of an authors note. And lastly... Disclaimer: I do not own any Lord of The Rings characters BESIDES MY OWN. Read. Review. Favor. Enjoy. Could use any and all Lotr book/movie experts! Need those to beta this story if you like it! Thanks! Surrounded yet alone, a princess lies Slowly bracing the fact of her approaching demise She cries for help and screams from fear Though she does not dare to shed a single tear Abruptly from the darkness, a prince shall rise Though neither know, that he will be the reason... for her demise "Where are you going again?" Her mother asked from the kitchen as her daughter ran into her room hurriedly. "Just around the market! Be back in an hour mum! Bye!" She raced into her room and grabbed her 'over the shoulder' light brown bag, then into her parents' bedroom and searched for the item she was looking for. She threw open their cupboard (that she was NOT supposed to go through) and glared at the shining sword her dad had placed there and his other prideful weaponry, but instead grabbed something else and headed out the door. She quickly raised the hood of her brown cloak up then ran behind her home and jumped on "her" horse, throwing her bag to her side. She wasn't going to the market; she was going to a place that was much more fascinating. She rode off through the shining sun of high noon, right on the outskirts of the village into the forest, where "the camp" was. She rode for about 10 minutes, the forest was not too far, but it wasn't close enough. She kept a safe distance from them behind the bushes and trees to watch, watch and practice. The other men's horses were on the other side of the ground, opposite to where she was; she looked over at the area where there were no trees in a patch of ground and where the men stood. She tied her horse to the tree and realized the lesson had already begun, she was late. The men swiftly moved their swords left and right practicing different battle techniques, she quickly pulled her sharpened wooden sword that she had taken from her parents' cupboard and did the same. This was a men only sword and fighting technique camp for her village, which is why she was practicing by herself from afar. (The ground they practiced on was a league northeast of their village, it was a small forest that the Snowbourn stream ran through, the stream was also about half a league east from their village.) The leader would teach them new moves, or show them battle techniques, or they would just spar, the class was held twice a week maybe Monday and Thursday; and if they were lucky, Saturday too. If anyone found out she was fighting like the men she would be shamed and laughed at by everyone actually she was always being laughed at... But fighting was amazing, fantastic! "I mean what's the point of life if you die squealing? No! Everyone should be able to put up a fight!" she thought. None of the women of her village could fight, or wanted to fight, or even enjoyed fighting like she did. Why? Why did women CHOOSE to be weak? She wasn't like them, she was different, she wanted to be able to defend herself and others, she wanted to be strong. As the men sliced their swords around, she copied, making sure she perfected every move. As an early 10 year old she would run off to watch the swordsmen, to see them practice fighting. There were only about 65 men and growing boys who practiced from the small village everyday; men and boys were forced to learn. No, she didn't have a real purpose for learning all this, not that she would use it one day, but she enjoyed it. After about 45 minutes, a young man nodded at her, as a signal, though she did not see it. He did so again and again but still her eyes missed his gesture; after about 7 times she'd finally caught it. She nodded back thankfully and jumped back on her horse knowing that the men would be dismissed soon and if she was caught, it would be the end of her. She quickly rode back into her village, remembering to stop by the market and get something so her mother wouldn't become suspicious. She tied the horse to a pole behind her home and entered through the door. "Here you go mum," she tossed the bag near the small pot where the stew was cooking. She hid her brown sash by her side and made quick paces towards her room. "Ah ah ah! Not so fast Priya!" Her mother chuckled, "come over here!" She smiled and sighed, dropping her feet one after another approaching the small kitchen. Her mother was just about 70, and her father was 76. No, if you saw them you wouldn't think they were at such an age, they kept themselves very fit; you would see them and think they were barely 50! Her mother and father were Caucasian in skin and both had (now fading) brown hair. Priya had rich black hair, and brown colored skin with bright hazel eyes. She was not their child, though; they raised her like their own. Her mother and father had had a kid before but he soon died because of an illness and they had thought they had been cursed with such a misfortune. They had become too depressed to even consider having another child when Priya, a small child wrapped in a blanket in the nearby forest, was found; they raised her in Artanis Lissësúl, the village they lived in. "You were out training again weren't you?" Her mother stroked her long, thick braid that stretched to the end of her spine as Priya knelt down. "Shh mum! Dad will be here any second!" She placed a finger over her lips. "Ohh!" Her mother mouthed in realization, "as long as you never use that sword!" she made stubborn face, "Go quickly and put it away!" she shooed her. Priya quickly placed the wooden sword back in its cupboard and threw her bag under her bed before returning to the living room to see her father enter through the doorway. Their house was fairly small, the right of the entrance was the living/meal room with 3 small chairs and a table, the left was the kitchen and in between the wall of the two rooms was a hallway that split 2 ways; one to her parents' bedroom and one to hers. Her father walked in, stiff and as soldier like as ever, "you should've been there today!" He looked over to his wife, "the boys were fighting excellently today! Waving their swords as swiftly as the wind and fighting like true warriors!" Her dad was the leader, he TAUGHT the men and boys all the sword, battle, and bow and arrow techniques, he was the teacher at the ground. Priya opened her mouth to speak and smirked, before she could ask if she could have come, her father saw as she was about to make a witty remark. "I was only speaking figuratively," he deadpanned. "Go get freshened for dinner," her mother gestured him into their bedroom where a small washroom was located. Priya watched as her father walked to the room, he was eying her deeply. She had always asked if she could fight and practice with the men but he had always refused to let her, he was always so strict. Priya grew up in a house where the rules were so strict and against what she desired, what else could she do but rebel? But nonetheless, there was a reason he was always so orderly and directing: Artanis Lissësúl, near the stream of Snowbourn, was the village they lived in, in another language, it meant "new start," for that is what the small village was built upon. This village was a refuge for outcasted criminals, mainly if they had done something wrong and regretted it but were shunned out of society, so they came here to start a new life; a new start. If you were to come to this village, you wouldn't be able to tell these people were once fugitives, for they are now kind people who desire the life they cannot achieve due to their actions; not her father though. Her father was once a man living in Edoras, but was wrongly accused of a murder. From what he had told her... He was a Rohanian soldier living in the city he was stationed in: Edoras, he was also great friends with the fleets' commander, Amay. They were always smiling off duty, looking out for eachother, but Amay was still in the higher position that him, other soldiers would say he was just doing that to get on Amay's good side; which was completely false. Her father was buying food one night, off duty, when he saw these men beating up a man in a dark alley and stepped in to try to stop them; even if he was not in uniform he had to protect the citizens of the city. He shouted for help from nearby guards, but he didn't know that that man they were beating was already near dead, those people had beaten him badly. He caught a glimpse of the man who seemed to be in charge of the other three, his name was Dranor, a simple man of Rohan; but why was he beating up this other man? Dranor was constantly yelling at the man he was beating, calling him nasty names and saying foul words about him. Her father was a soldier and a defender of Rohan but that night he had come unarmed, so when Dranor and the others attacked him for shouting for help, he was very much caught off guard. They beat her dad brutally, and though he was a skilled fighter, he could not hold off four men at once, two of which had blades. The three men and Dranor heard the guards approaching and scurried from the alley, leaving her father there with the dead man; he was too weak to move, he had blood dripping from all over him and bruises everywhere. By the time the guards had arrived, they were shocked to see Andúnë, her father, and Amay, the chief of the guards and soldiers in the city, to be so bloody. The guards took both to immediate care but Amay had already died, and when 30 year old Andúnë regained consciousness, they were treating his injuries but told him the next day he would have to pack his things because he would be banished for murder. He was shocked and confused but with no evidence besides the fact that he was there, it looked as if Andúnë had done it; he was not even allowed to justify himself, immediate banishment; all the soldiers laughed as he left, they say they saw this coming. So the next day he packed his things and told the woman he loved dearly (which was now Priya's mother, Meera) he had to leave. She asked why and when he explained, she felt so bad and was so in love, she packed her things and left with him, never to see