About the Author note My name is Richard Oliver Clark born in OCOTOBER 30/10/1983 in a town called Saffron Walden where I life I have downs syndrome. And I have got three jobs and am a black belt in karate. And have my own supported living flat where I live. This is my very first book as was inspired to write this because of the harry potter books. I hope this book will be fun to read and going be hard to put down! I hope you enjoy this how I have written this book and also hoping doing more than one book and write different kinds of new books. Contents Chapter 1. The journey to Gambit field Chapter 2. On The Beach Chapter 3. Egypt Town Chapter4. Louie's Nightmare Started Chapter 5. The Cave Chapter 6. Louie's Army Chapter 7. THE Dark Room of Spells Chapter 8. THE Circle Stone Chapter 9. Amber Tale Chapter 10. Oliver Conrad's Evil Army Chapter 11. Gambit Family Together Synopsis - Louie Gambit This book it's about a young girl called Louie Zara Gambit who goes to this magical Egyptian epic universe space school called the "Gambit field school". You will also find out about Louie's family of gambits and how they died - but could they come back into Louie's life one day. There is a nasty, evil dark powerful warlock villain happen to be called Oliver Conrad; he is a creepy looking person and you don't really do not want to mess with him at all. This is a thrilling, gripping cool adventure book you will not want to put this down. From this day forward you may find what you least might expect, interesting flaming shocking magical powers you have to learn, with adventures of Louie Zara Gambit and her giant world to explore. You will find out about this odd-looking powerful giant magical universal world. There is also this creepy, nasty, horrible person called Oliver Nazar Conrad. You will find out what he has done to the Gambit family. So then let's go and find out what happens to Louie in this incredible Egyptian natural world called the "miracle magical wonder world". Chapter1 Louie gambit The j ourney to gambit field By Richard Oliver Clark On this super fine day, there is this strange, weird, exciting brand new world of dark magic to explore called the "miracle-magical wonderland world". There is this school called the universal Gambit- field School. Louie Zara Gambit attends to this amazing fantastic magical epic universal school. She is a normal looking, fine teenager but she has this weird strange scar on her neck (which she calls Downs Syndrome) that Oliver Nazar Conrad gave Louie when she was a tiny baby – Oliver Conrad gave her this wicked evil spirit curse. We shall find out more about that later on. Louie has these wonderful amazing blue eyes and has lovely, thick soft blonde hair which she wears in two long plaits down her back to her waist. She has very nice fair skin, and wears a black and white striped t-shirt, spotted leopard skin trousers, and black high-heeled shoes. There is something special about Louie. No one really knows much about her. Louie Zara Gambit grew up at 31 Victoria Land Street in London, yet within this mega magical wonder world, Louie lives in a magical forest giant tree house called Gondola. Louie lives with her cousins now in London at Victoria land street but Louie really hates her horrible fall people called the cousins who are always picking on her all the time and calling her names like this Louie- moose. Louie has to live with all of this but her Louie- moose. Louie has to live with all of this but she wishes she could have a normal friend to look after her at Victoria land Street. Louie does not know about her weird strange twisted historical and about her lost family. There are things Louie wants to know about in the miracle, magical, wonderland. She wants to know more about her past life with her mummy and her daddy. Poor Louie she is so sad and life is so very frustrating for her. There is a cool, place called London and there is this massive, odd-looking platform called Paddington Train Station in a circle of red and white writing say Paddington. In this part of London there are hundreds and millions of people, and there is a mad rush everywhere. In London in this city it really is so crazy in this amazing giant city of London. Now, then in London city there is this Big Ben the tallest clock in history of London has now chimed twelve as it know by midday. There is complete, absolute madness everywhere like: the pubs, shopping, going out for meals, o2, music bands, theatres, local cinema's on the red carpet, shopping, zoos, parks, river themes. There are people are all around, on this massive long fine platform, going to this enormous underground and there are escalators going up and going down here at Paddington Train Station. There are millions of people chatting with their cool friends and their families; it is a great city to hang out in. You do need to keep your wits about you and look around, as you can get yourself lost very darn easily and keep hold your own money. In London there is an area called Russell Street – where there is rude, nasty horrible looking -strange people around and there are other people who charge into you and hit you with their Super-duper, large shopping bags. There are people who are dealing with drugs in this dark, nasty creepy cold winter time, looking into the narrow slim dark alley- way. Also there are lots of street-fighting going on and bullying people. Then this person Sheila said this and start saying this Now stop this right now From this old odd lady called Miss Sheila Grandly she so happens to wears this old looking, Buggies patch grey plain coat and brown short trousers. She also wears black and gold sunglasses to protect her eyes from the sun and she also likes pink chewing-gum in her mouth - she loves chewing gum, and also, Sheila likes to smoke a nice long Cuban cigar in the park in Russell Street. No -one is listening to her one bit – no one at all. Shelia got her Cuban cigar from her buggy old grey coat- pocket, and the birds are now singing in the park on this lovely sunny day. She got out her golden lighter, and Shelia started to puff it in to her lungs to make her feel really good. The kids are not really happy with Shelia smoking. They've got Cuban cigar bruises on their arms and also flickers of puff caught on their legs. So the kids told their parents about this smoking women and then one of the parents went up and then be for the parent got up from the grass with the family Shelia then went some where no one knows where she was There is this massive war three going on and the sky happen suddenly turns really nastily - dark clouds appear and it turns out pitch dark in the sky. Today should of being the nicest super-hot finest sunny summer day today. But then - there is something really strange going on. There is odd looking, strange people in the darkest sky, flying around - weird witches or war- locks on broomsticks all over the cloudy, dark sky. Someone then said this " What is going on here then ? What could all this mean? " People on the ground were looking straight up at the darkest grey sky and asking questions to their friends and hoping the Mr. Prime Minister of the seventh Parliament would be doing something about this. Deep inside Downing Street, the Prime Minister looked and then stared out double- glazed window. " What on earth is going on up in the sky ? Hey have a look out there ! Oh, my word !" " Right , said Gordon Hark, " we need to let all the people know there is something odd in the sky. I am going to go to the magical high sound TV- Station to make a very important announcement to let the public know." W hen he got to the magical high sound TV- Station and onto the Radio FM magic, he said this: " Right , now then you all must know this there is something odd in the sky and as your prime- minister should let you know and think you all should be in your homes and you must lock all your doors and your windows now because this is not right at all " But then someone came into his office at the TV- Station studio, and said something to him. Enter Gordon greeted this Person who said his name was Mr. Samson-Yam, prime minster of magical forcemeat and that he. Gordon asked him , " Can you tell me what is going on here please? Tell me what is that thing in the sky and why has it turned this dark on what should be the hottest, sunniest day here ?" " Yes, that is so very true " said Samson-Yam. " That is someone we do not ever speak of; It We doesn't talk about it in our golden epic world!" " Why not ?" said Gordon. " Well, someone called Mr. Oliver Conrad is responsible for all of this. Some people think he is far away long gone by now but he is not, and it is him, with his kipper- pals who is making this sky very dark all over the whole of London". " Who is this Oliver- Conrad fella then ?" said Gordon, " and what are these kipper pals ?" Mr. Samson- Yam looked though " Oliver- Conrad -who we are talking about - is this person you do not want to mess around with at all he is a horrid man. He has done something terrible in our magical- wonder- world and he is the one who killed the Gambit family. They had a child you know ". " The child is still very much alive !" said Gordon. " Oh, definitely yes!" " This child is not a normal child, you know" , whispered Samson. " What do you mean, 'not normal" ? Said Gordon, his eyes widening in surprise. Samson moved very closer to Gordon in the office so he could whisper even more very quietly. " No- one should know this, apart from you, Mr. Prime Minister. This person, Oliver Conrad, cast an evil spell onto the Gambit child and delivered this curse - and this curse happens to be called Downs- Syndrome !" " Can't you get rid of this then ?" Asked Gordon. " Oh no! You cannot! It's there for life!" Said Mr Samson-Yam. Meanwhile, the people telephoning the Prime- Minister, asking about the disgusting white and grey mask- thing in the sky. Toby Ford, is a body guard for Mr. Samson- Yam, explained that this 'disgusting horrid old manky mask thing' is part of an evil plan; Oliver Conrad and his people, called the kipper-pals, put the mask in the sky, and made it pitch black, and it is his kippers- pals who are flying around on the broomsticks! "Oh no this really is quite bad - why are Oliver Conrad and his kipper- pals doing this? And why are your people doing these things?" Said the Prime Minister, whispering to Gordon. Right then that is it I will stop this at once and for all! ''No you can't do that, you're the English- minister, replied the prime minister. ''It would be too risky for you''. ''In this world you can die here but in the otherworld you can't, the kipper pals said.