Harry Potter and the Trinity Bond * Author's Note: I had this idea for a while now, I'm not much of a wordsmith, but I hope you will enjoy it. Harry and Co are in third year when Quirrel makes for the stone, They are 14 for the Chamber of Secrets, etc etc.. The story takes place during GOF, Harry is 16 and allowed to compete. He forms a bond with three witches for various reasons(saving their lives.) In this story he gets training from Dumbles. NO Dumbledore/Weasley bashing Rated M for mature scenes coming later. You ever get the feeling that things are going to look up? That, the world as you know it, whether it be good or bad, is going to change? What if everything is a part of time's intricate plan? What if the greatest sorrows are always followed by the most joyful blessings? What if life spins a web for us all? **** flashback "Remus have you taken your potion?" Sirius Black's voice cut through Harry's reverie. It was frantic and worrisome. Remus Lupin was many things; a best friend, a very talented wizard, a well-liked professor by the students alike, but most of all, Remus was a werewolf. In this very moment, a moment so crucial in the course of wizarding history, Remus was beginning to transform. Harry had learned a few minutes back that the mass murderer Sirius Black was actually his framed Godfather. The man known as Peter Pettigrew, whom everyone thought to be dead, was actually alive and in chains, and his favorite professor was a werewolf. The group of them were in the process of heading back to the castle to alert Dumbledore and the authorities. "REMUS, control it Man! Don't let the wolf win." Black's voice was growing more worrisome. Lupin had dropped to all fours; fur was sprouting from places that Harry thought couldn't have been pleasant, howls- half man, and half beast, wailed through the air like a siren. "You've got to go. NOW!" barked Sirius pushing Harry forwards, "Take Peter to Dumbledore, He will know what to do. GO NOW! Sirius stepped back and was replaced by a great black dog. The canine was more than twice the size of any dog Harry could remember. With a snarl, the half-changed-wolf and dog collided, and the match was on. The two scratched, bit, and forced themselves down the hill and into the trees of the Forbidden Forest. "Let's go Harry, run now!" Hermione's hand had clasped around his sweater and was dragging him towards the castle. No Sirius, I just can't leave him. Harry pulled out his wand and muttered "Incarcerous." Thick ropes shot forward out of thin air and wrapped themselves around Peter. " Stupefy" The rat man stopped struggling and his whining ceased. "Take him straight to Dumbledore, tell him everything that happened. I can't leave Sirius." Harry held out his hand to stop Hermione's interjection. "He is the only family that I have left Hermione, I've got to go after him." Hermione wrapped Harry in a hug so tightly that his arms started to go numb. "Come back safely please." Was all that she said before helping a hobbled Ronald up to his feet and levitating a stunned Wormtail. "Come on Hermione, Harry is going to be fine. Won't you Harry? I on the other hand have got to see Madame Pomfrey." Ron's pained, loopy voice was the last thing Harry heard before turning around setting foot into the Forbidden Forest. The trees in the forest were large and crooked. They blocked out almost all of the moonlight. " LUMOS." Harry's wand glowed brightly from its tip, illuminating a small path in front of him. Much better, Thought Harry as he started his way through the dark woods. Seconds turned to Minutes, Minutes felt like hours. In truth Harry had no idea how long he had been searching through the forest. Harry was waiting for any signs of the battling canines. There was nothing, no sounds, no blood, no muddy footprints, nothing. The fear that began in the pit of his stomach was reaching its way towards his throat and Harry gulped. It was cold and foggy, and there was a werewolf on the loose. What on earth was he thinking? What if he had spotted Sirius and he needed him, how would a fifteen-year-old wizard be of any assistance against a full-grown werewolf? His thoughts were interrupted when a scream echoed through the woods a short distance away from him. A girl's scream. Hermione? What is she doing here? She's supposed to be in the castle by now. Harry ran towards the scream as fast as his feet could take him. Tearing through brush and weed alike, he had to get there faster. The closer he got the more he felt it; cold , the kind of cold that chills you in your bones. Dread filled Harry, as he knew the only creature that could create such a miserable feeling. Dementors. As he reached a small clearing in the forest, he spotted them gliding through the air. Their black hoods pulled tightly across frail skeletal like appendages. They were drawn to something. Dementors didn't just harm innocent people did they? A girl was kneeling with her wand raised at the floating demons. She looked frail and tired. A tall Dementor swooped down and batted the wand out of her hand like she were but a child. The monster lifted her into the air with one hand, and brought the other to its face. He's going to kiss her! Mustering up every happy feeling he had ever had; flying a broom, Ron, Hermione, Hedwig, The Weasleys, everything he had ever felt. Harry pulled his wand forward. " EXPECTO PATRONUM!" A great white light shot out of his wand and spearheaded straight for the Dementor holding the girl. The light had started to form, to take shape into something. It was a stag! A great, giant, glowing stag! He had done it, he produced a corporal Patronus! The Dementor holding the girl turned just in time to see the great stag lower its head and drive it's antlers into the Dementor's black robes. The Dementor issued a high-pitched scream and dropped the girl onto the grass below. The stag sprung forward again and drove his mighty antlers once again at the Dementor. The hooded menace was knocked backwards once again, but this time it remained down. Harry froze; the hooded figure was hovering slightly over the ground but wasn't moving. Had he killed it? The Patronus then chased the other curios Dementors deeper into the forest, driving them off for good. Harry ran towards the girl. Please be alive, Please be alive . Harry had no idea what would happen if he returned to Hogwarts with a murdered girl in his arms. After all, last years Chamber of Secrets incident left four students petrified and one student, Ginny Weasley, soul bonded to Harry. The students of Hogwarts didn't blame Harry, no, but they did mutter things about him in private. Nasty things that He wouldn't want said about anyone-even Malfoy. Finally reaching the girl, Harry noticed that she was still breathing. Her hair was long and dark; her skin was as pale as the moonlight. She looked like she had been crying. Her robes were ripped and revealed a delicate nightgown underneath. The snake of Slytherin graced her robes. The girl was indeed a Slytherin. In fact, unknown to Harry who was doing his best to lift her and deliver her to the school, the girl in question was Daphne Greengrass. Daphne was the heir to the Greengrass fortune, the oldest Daughter of the late Abraham Greengrass, who ran the Department of Intoxicating Substances, and Isabella Antoinette, a young and beautiful French witch whom he had fallen for on a journey researching whistling toadstool venom. Abraham was quite the potion master, Isabella was a master of her own craft: perfumes, bathing soaps, and lingerie. Together they created Sinister Witching Ware, a very popular chain of stores in Wizarding communities. Not that they needed the money, Abraham had inherited a massive fortune from his father. What was indeed strange about the situation is that Daphne's reputation at the school was a scary one. She was the most beautiful girl in any room, well maybe besides any room Ginny Weasley was in, that would be a close match up, Ginny's vibrant and shining beauty versus Daphne's graceful and wicked one, but that is beside the point. She had long thick hair, high cheek bones, and a figure that any Twenty year old woman would be envious of, much less a fifteen year old. The most important thing about Daphne were her eyes. Cold and steely grey, they had earned her the reputation of the Ice Queen. A nickname that she used well. Harry was so focused on not dropping the unconscious girl that he never quite figured out who she was in the darkness. The hike back to the castle took nearly an hour and Harry, who was so tired by the end of it that he could barely keep his eyes open, never noticed the small glowing lightning bolt that had appeared on Daphne's forearm. As the lights of the castle grew nearer Harry's vision blurred. He had to make it inside. "Oi I see him Professor." Hagrid's booming voice alerted him from a distance. "He's got som'one with him." There standing in the middle of the Hogwarts grounds was Albus Dumbledore, along with Professor McGonnagal, Snape, and Hagrid. "Hermione told us what happened, lets get you inside, I'll make you a cup of tea. Is she okay?" Asked Hagrid in one breath, taking Daphne from his arms. Whatever Harry had wanted to say didn't come as the world had gone dark and he slumped onto the cold ground. Exhaustion and magic had taken him. "Minerva, alert Madame Pomfrey that there will be two more guest in her wing this evening." McGonagall turned and raced forward into the castle. "Severus I believe a strengthening potion is in order, it seems Mr. Potter here has exhausted himself." Dumbledore brandished a long wand from inside his cloak, and a floating stretcher appeared where Harry was laying. Dumbledore conjured another one for Daphne and had Hagrid drag the floating beds towards the castle. ************* end of flashback. Harry had the strangest dream. In it, he was judging a talent show. The two participants were Ginny Weasley and Daphne Greengrass, a girl that Harry had only spoken to a few times, but seemed cordial enough. He couldn't decide who's performance he had enjoyed more. Daphne's beautiful voice, or Ginny's wild breakdancing. In the end he had declared it a tie, and was in the process of arguing with the two women when he awoke suddenly in the hospital wing. "Ah Good evening Harry, you have given us quite the fright." Dumbledore's tall frame was standing over his bedside, his face looked serious but calm. "These vials were left for you to take when you awoke." Dumbledore handed Harry a skinny vial filled with green liquid. "Drink this it will help." Harry did as he was told, and as bad as it tasted, his insides warmed and he immediately felt better. "The events that happened tonight should not be taken lightly as they will have lasting consequences I'm afraid. Tell me Harry, do you remember the bond that was formed between you and Miss Weasley?" After Harry had saved Ginny from the Chamber, she had gone unconscious for a long while. When she awoke, Harry noticed he could hear what she was thinking, he could feel when she was angry, or scared, or even happy. Magic had taken the sour lemon that life had given them, and in return turned it into magical lemonade. Magical bonds were rare, and one on the level of Harry and Ginny's was undiscovered. The bond