This is a story where George Weasly sends Fred letters about his life after he left, it's currently one chapter long but I might update it. This is my first fanfiction in english, which is not my native language, so be kind enough to review and forgive me for my grammar mistakes. The dates are month-day-year Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, I'm not J.K Rowling, I'm just using her characters for fun! This was written before Cursed Child was released, so it doesn't follow it. It follows another story I've written about Next Generation, which I haven't translated in English but I plan to do so. Fred, Until yesterday you were here, with me. Now you're gone. Why Fred? Why? Please tell me it's a dream, tell me it's a prank, tell me it's not real. Tell me I'll wake up next morning and you will be next to me. We will eat breakfast together, we will play quidditch and then go to the W.W.W, and we won't have to go to your funeral. Please promise me that, Fred. Please. Your Twin Burrow, 05-14-1998 Fred, It wasn't a dream. It wasn't a prank. It is the reality and it sucks. You're gone for twelve days and your funeral was ten days ago. Your funeral. Fred, what am I going to do? Why are all these happening? It's been ten days since your funeral and I haven't left our room, our room which is now only mine. I can't do the things I used to do if I'm without you. We were always Fred and George, nothing could separate us. You were born three minutes before me, so I always used to believe that I would die three minutes after you. It's been twelve whole days, twelve days without you. Why did this happen, Fred? Why? I miss you. George Burrow, 06-02-1998 Dear Fred, Dear. It sounds like a letter, doesn't it? I've decided to write to you. It's all I can do for you. You are not here with us and you deserve to know how our family is going. It also makes me think you're still here, with us. Today it's June 2nd. It's been one month since we defeated Voldy, so everyone is out celebrating. It's also been one month since you died. And that's why I can't celebrate at all. Ron, Harry and Ginny told me to go out with them however, and I'm thinking of joining them. Besides, I haven't left the house at all for a month. Maybe it's time for a change. Anyway, since this is a letter I should tell you the family's news. Dad got promoted in the Ministry. He's now at Magical Law Enforcement, same department as Percy. I hope they don't blow up the Ministry. Bill and Fleur are doing well, and so is Charlie. Harry and Ginny are together once again. They are great for each other. Ron is with Hermione. This might hurt you, I know how much you loved her. I guess all I can do for you is promise you I'll take care of her, I'll be sure that Ron is treating her like a princess. Our friends are also doing quite well. They are all thinking of the career they want to follow. Most of them want to play quidditch. Everyone is living their lives to the full except of us, Fred. Because your gone and I'm half without you. I love you so much, Fred, I miss you. Please come back, Fred, come back! Yours, George Burrow, 12-25-1998 Dear Fred, It's Christmas Day. It's my first Christmas without you. Everyone seems to be okay, they seem to have forgotten about the war. Well, they have not exactly forgotten it. They've just managed to go over it. I haven't. I haven't, because you're not here, you're not with me. I invented new things for the shop. They're all Christmas Day stuff. They're quite successful, but it's not what I want. All I want for Christmas is you. Wow, that reminds me of that Muggle song "All I want for Christmas is you". It's the fifth year in a row they play it and we've started getting sick of it. Anyway. I guess I should tell you how things are here. Well, they're quite like they used to be before the war. The family had a big reunion today and we ate a Christmas meal. Bill, Fleur, Charlie are all okay. Ron and Harry are training to become Aurors. I'm proud of our little brothers. Ginny is in her 7th year, and so is Hermione. Yeah, that's right, she could have stayed here but she decided to go back to school. In our seventh year all we wanted was leave. I bet she returned because Umbridge isn't there. In our seventh year she was. Remember the pranks we pulled on her? I do, I remember every single moment I spent with you. Little Teddy Lupin had his birthday a few weeks ago. Remus and Tonks must be very happy aboyt him, he's found the best adopted family, Andromeda Tonks and Harry. I bet you're with them all the time. You could have met Harry's dad. Did you know he's Prongs? Padfoot is Sirius Black, Moony is Remus Lupin and Wormtail is Peter Pettigrew, although he doesn't deserve to be called a Marauder. I was so surprised when Harry told me. Anyway. I miss you so much Fred I need you. You can't come back, I know, but I want it so much, I love you so much. Missing you, George Burrow, 04-01-1999 Fred, Today it's our birthday. A lot of relatives are coming to see me turn twenty one. I'll turn twenty one, but you will be forever twenty. I miss you Fred, I love you. George Burrow, 05-02-1999 Fred, It's already been a year, a whole year without you. I miss you. Yours, George Shell Cottage, 10-09-1999 Dear Fred, You won't believe what has happened! Fleur is pregnant! Yes, that's right, there's a new generation of Weasly kids coming. Everyone is so happy! Mom is smiling more than she has smiled the last three years. Now we are all in Shell Cottage, congratulating them. Ron and Harry had to leave the Auror training to come. They are in their second year now. Even Charlie came from Rumania. Maybe I should tell you how the wizarding world is doing. Let's start from our friends and family. Ginny and Hermione graduated from Hogwarts. They found work really fast. Ginny is playing quidditch for the Holleyhart Harpies. Hermione's also in Magical Law Enforcement. It's like a family business. Oliver, Katie and Alicia are playing quidditch too, they are in Puddlemore United. Lee is a journalist for the Daily Prophet. And then there's Angelina. Remember when you arranged us a date? She told me she knew it was me who danced with her in the Ball and guess what? We went on a date! Then we went on another date, then on another and now we're together! I'm so happy about this! As you can see we're all trying to go on and on. I'm trying too. I want to make it, Fred, I really want to. I still miss you, I'll miss you until it's the end of the world. I'm just trying to live. Wish me luck. Yours, George Burrow, 06-16-2000 Dear Fred, We are in the new millennium and there are many changes around. First of all, Bill and Fleur's baby was born in May 2nd. It is the anniversary of our victory in the battle, so we named her Victoire. She's a copy of Fleur, blonde, charming and cute. Anyway, I have more news! Angelina and I are going to live in our own flat. We are searching for a flat in wizarding London. I'm so excited for it! We plan to move before the end of the summer. Well, that's all. Wish you were here. Yours, George London, 11-30-2001 Fred I just can't believe it. I will become a father! Angelina is pregnant with a boy! You are the first person I got to tell. I always wanted you to be the first one to know, I would become a father. Fred, I'm so worried! What if I don't do well? What if I do something wrong? I need help! Maybe Bill could advise me. By the way, did I tell you? Fleur is pregnant with a girl once again. I'm so happy! My son will be the same age with her, they'll be best friends! Anyway, Angelina and I are planning to get married on February. We've told Lee to be our best man. Fred, I can't hide I'm sad about this. Lee is my best friend, but I wanted you, my brother, my other half to be my best man. I know that's impossible but… It's so unfair you're not here. We are all making families, there are so many babies to be born the next years and you're not here to witness it. I miss you Fred, I want you back. I love you. Missing you, George London, 06-22-2002 Fred, Today it was the best day of my life. My son was born. We'll name him Fred. Like you. I hadn't told Angelina about it, but the moment we were asked how we will name him I answered "Fred". She agreed. Of course she did, it's a very nice name, not as nice as George, but nice. Tomorrow he will go back home. I can't wait for it. I have a family, I'm so happy, Fred. In eleven years, Fred Weasly II will go to Hogwarts and continue our legacy. Hogwarts seems like it was a lifetime ago, but it's been only six years since we left, exactly six years. It was 06-22-1996 and this date went down on history as the day when the best prank took place! I hope Freddie can break our record. I hope he is like you. I miss you, George London, 12-28-2004 Dear Fred, It's been a while since I last wrote to you. And there has happened much stuff. First of all, there are so many babies! Dominique and Luis, Bill and Fleur's children were born on 2002 and 2003. Harry and Ginny got married one year ago and they have a son, James Sirius. Oliver and Katie are also married, since 2001. They have two children, Brandon and Alicia. Lee married Alicia and they have a daughter, Katharine. You might have noticed that Alicia and Katie named their daughters after one another. Best friends forever! Ron and Hermione are planning to get married too. Don't worry Fred, he takes care of her, he loves her. Are you ready for the news of the century? Percy finally found himself a girlfriend! I was sure he would stay alone forever. Of course, Ginny says she saw him kissing Penelope Clearwater at school but I don't believe it. Anyway, Percy's first official girlfriend is a girl named Audrey. They work together at the ministry and she's exactly like him! Fred has grown up. He's two and a half years old and he's exactly like us. He looks like you and me and he's naughty like you and me. His best friend is Dominique and they've already started pulling pranks. I'm so proud! However, deep inside, I'm sad and worried. Nothing is the same without you. I wanted you to see my son growing up, I wanted you to have a son as well. I miss you so much Fred. Each time I look at Freddie, I miss you. I think that you're not here, that naming my son after you can't bring you back. You're not my son, you're my brother and I miss you, I need you back, but you'll never return. I'm worried, Fred. Freddie and Dominique are just like us, nobody could imagine them separated. What if…. What if something happened to