Bull's-eyes and targets, say the bells of St. Marg'ret's; Brick-bats and tiles, chime the bells of St. Giles's; Halfpence and farthings, ring the bells of St. Martin's; Oranges and lemons, toll the bells of St. Clement's; Pancakes and fritters, say the bells of St Peter's; Two sticks and an apple, say the bells of Whitechapel; Old Father Baldpate, toll the slow bells of Aldgate; You owe me ten shillings, say the bells of St. Helen's; When will you pay me? say the bells of Old Bailey; When I grow rich, chime the bells of Shoreditch; Pray when will that be? ask the bells of Stepney; I'm sure I don't know, tolled the big bell at Bow. Gay go up and gay go down To ring the bells of London town. one: bull's-eyes and targets Levi ducks his head against the early-morning brawl of London on its way to work, closes his eyes for a moment of respite as the omnibus lurches its way through traffic. The man to his left smells powerfully of the onions in this morning's breakfast and the alcohol sting of last night's gin, and the lady who perches to his right is wearing a crinoline entirely too wide for a public conveyance, all rustling cotton and too-strong perfume. It's all a bit much for a chill Tuesday morning, the sound and scent alone overwhelming as usual. Jenny had forced a cup of coffee on him before he left, and now it roils in his stomach, souring on the too-still morning air that smells like rotting fish and the Thames. He forces his eyes back open and consoles himself with the thought that she meant well enough; she couldn't force him to sit for a proper breakfast, but she could give him coffee and a sandwich done up in yesterday's newspaper before she sent him off. The woman next to him rustles to her feet and minces past Levi to alight, her skirts swishing against his knees (and everyone else's). Her skirt blazes with color, deep red and white only slightly greyed by street dust, but her jacket is almost curiously plain, a deep green wool thing of a pattern that was most popular several years ago, its cuffs carefully mended in a thread that does not quite match. He averts his gaze, somewhat self-conscious, and glances at his watch for the time. He's not due in for another fifteen minutes, and a sliver of unease appears at the back of his mind as the omnibus jerks back into motion: what if he's not on time, will he lose the job, what will he do... "Plaice, alive, alive," a voice calls startlingly near his ear, and Levi is pulled from his reverie by the shout and the smell of good fresh fish, distinct, pungent, familiar. "Plaice, alive, alive, che-eap!" Levi draws out his handkerchief and swipes his nose with it, childhood barterings with costermongers springing suddenly to mind, arguing down the price until someone gave in, fighting like cocks over a penny this way or that. He sees the same thing all around him every day, though he clawed his way to a clerkship and out of the costermongering life before it dragged him down too far. Jenny does the same sort of arguing when she goes marketing, he knows full well - it is only not polite to mention it. Properly speaking he shouldn't speak to her at all as much as he does (interacting with her makes something in his mind itch, a moral sense imbued in him from earliest childhood that it is not quite proper to talk so freely with a woman servant), but Jenny has a charm to her that makes her an exception. At any rate, she is a married woman, in that way at least respectable for all her lack of social standing. There's a patch at the corner of his jaw where he didn't quite shave clean this morning, and Levi scratches at it absently with his fingernails, the hair ticking against the blunt edges. When the knife-sharpener comes round he needs to have an edge put on his razor, though it feels like just yesterday the man with his grinding wheel was at the door, knowing there was work for him. The omnibus-driver comes to a stop nearish Levi's usual stop, and he flees before the man can decide to keep going at a heightened pace. Alighting from an omnibus in motion is not a pleasant task, especially when the streets are clogged with people on their way to work. A bell close by (to his left and behind him, hidden by a scrim of trees and new houses) rings quarter to the hour, and Levi adjusts the set of his hat as he essays forth. He makes a habit of being punctual, though he knows it would take a serious offense to put his job in actual risk; it is comforting to know he has arrived early or on time, to know that this at least is in his favor. Something is wrong as he waits at the corner to cross the street, and he pauses a moment before he remembers: the boy William who usually sweeps this crossing is gone. Still gone, as a matter of fact, since now that Levi turns his mind the matter he hasn't seen the lad since last week. Levi dashes across the street in the wake of a cart carrying heavy kegs of beer, filing the information away for later. In all likelihood nothing will ever come of the crossing-sweeper's disappearance. Boys get tired and move on. Perhaps he is ill, or has moved on to another quarter of London looking for work. It's really of no concern. Safely across the street, Levi tugs open the door and goes inside. The hall smells like wet wool and polished wood, with a faint undertone of eau de cologne (Jim Brown, two offices down, who has a new girl on the side that says she likes the scent). The creaky floorboard at the door of his office still has yet to be fixed, squalling under Levi's tread as he enters his office, already moving to hang up his hat and coat when he is rudely interrupted. Someone is in his chair. "Mister Holland, I presume?" Even as Levi steps forward to shake hands, he is observing this strange personage; just taller than average, soft dove-grey gloves on his hands - a member of the gentry perhaps, certainly not someone who works with his hands in any capacity. "Yes, sir," he affirms, returning the other man's handshake (under the gloves his hands are uncallused and delicate, rather limp in Levi's grip). "I imagine you're wondering why I'm here," says his visitor, who has not introduced himself, as he settles himself into Levi's chair. He crosses one leg over the other, trousers sliding up to reveal his black socks, unflecked by any hint of road dust or splatter of mud. ( How did you get here, then? Levi wonders. He certainly did not walk within the city, where it has been dry of late, nor has he come from outside the city, where rain clouds have darkened the hills for the past week. A cab, from somewhere within the city? Or perhaps a private carriage.) "Perhaps," Levi allows. "I do not receive many visitors when I arrive at the office for the day." "Nor at home," the visitor says, with a thin smile that mirrors the impeccable curve of his very starched collar. "You are unmarried, Mister Holland?" It is not precisely a difficult observation for his caller to have made, given he wears no wedding band (and this is only the most obvious sign of his bachelor state). Yet nevertheless it sends an odd chill up Levi's spine. Who is this person that has infiltrated his place of work? Who is this that sits in his chair as if the ladder-backed, splinter-ridden construction is the most comfortable of armchairs? "I am, sir." Levi clears his throat. "Might I inquire as to the reason for the inquiry?" "I have a proposal to offer to you, Mister Holland, and I would hate to deprive you of the pleasures of the domestic environment for so long as you are in my employ." His voice is innocuous, his eyes mild as milk behind incongruous reading glasses. "Sir, I am afraid that - as you are no doubt aware, given the location of our current discussion - I am already employed, in an excellent position," Levi points out, as tactfully as he can. "That being the case, I fear it is improper to speak as if you have already hired me on for whatever purpose you intend." "Mister Holland, I do hope I do not seem rude to you, but I am sure that you will be quite amicable to the terms of the contract I seek to make with you." The thin smile returns for just a second. His teeth are very white. "If you are sure that is the case, then I must at least ask your name before we enter into any sort of... contract." Levi feels the urge to scratch nervously at the patch of unshaven stubble on his cheek, but ignores it. It would not do for this gentleman - for gentleman he certainly is - to see Levi scratching himself like some drunken, flea-bitten mechanic in a gin hall. "Forgive my error," his visitor says softly. "My name is Sebastian Gold." The Golds are not precisely a famous family, but Levi recognizes the name all the same. Some years ago there had been a minor scandal, something to do with a lad of that name and a woman of not quite respectable reputation. "Thank you," Levi says, still trying to recall the particulars. The woman's name is unimportant, but the boy - the boy's name - what was his name? "Now that we are properly introduced, might I hear what contract you intend for me?" "Of course," says Gold. "But even if you refuse the contract, what I am about to tell you must not leave this room, Mister Holland. It is of the utmost importance. Do you understand?" "Yes. I understand." Levi is still running through name possibilities, trying to unwind the tangles of his memory. Stephen? Samuel? Seymour? "Good." He smiles, and folds his hands (the gloves so neat, uncreased, unmended, very new) on his knee. "My daughter has gone missing." Sebastian, Levi remembers - the name of the boy was Sebastian Gold. (And the woman was Lucy Harrison. Not that it matters, now - she's either dead, or has disappeared into that quiet void which swallows up those unlucky enough to be in the periphery of young, unwise members of polite society.) And barring some unlikely coincidence, this is that boy before him. He makes his face a deliberate blank, quietly listening to what his curious visitor has to say. "She is a foolish, flighty child," Gold continues in the same poised, mild voice. "I had thought at first that she had eloped with a boy who has been courting her of late, though he claimed to know nothing of her vanishing. I had him investigated, and to my surprise, he was telling the truth." His fingers flex gently, and his watch chain, laden with charms that proclaim his membership to a thousand different societies, chimes against itself as he shifts in Levi's chair. "Of course, she had other suitors. For all her empty-headedness, she is a handsome enough girl, and I had hoped to see her married into some family or another before too long." "What of her other suitors, then?" Levi says, when it is clear that Gold is prompting him for a response. "They were only boys themselves," Gold notes coolly, though some expression (a smile? a grimace?) teases at the corners of his mouth. "None of them had any clue of her whereabouts. I was