I LEO It was a warm, summer night on Long Island. Leo Valdez stood at the top of the hill of the valley that hid Camp Half-blood, a summer camp that trained Demigods of Greek gods how to survive their never-ending battle with the monsters of Tartarus. These days, everyone was in their respectable cabins by ten, except for the few demigods that guarded the outside of the camp. You see, just a few days ago, Leo came in a trireme named the Argo II - which he had built, by the way - with six other demigods. They had barely escaped another demigod camp, which was Roman, because Leo had went crazy and fired the ship's ballistaes on the Romans. And because of this weird misunderstanding, they had a very angry army of Roman demigods after them, which meant that they had to keep their guard up. Hence the reason why Leo was standing at the top of the hill, aimlessly looking across the countryside. Most nights were like this, and nothing had happened in the past two days. But Chiron, the centaur camp director (yes, a centaur ), was sure that the Roman army would be on its way soon, and that the camp needed protection. He forgot to mention, however, that the actual protecting of the camp boarders was extremely and utterly boring . At least that's what Leo thought. Until this one particular night, when Leo heard the screeching of furies. At first, Leo just thought he was imagining things. Until he realized that the screeching was real and coming from right outside the camp boarders, from the line of trees that were right at the base of the hill he was standing on. Leo turned to the sound just when a figure broke through the line of trees and started sprinting up the hill, with two furies flying low behind them. Leo stood where he was, unable to move. The figure trudged up the hill, and as the figure got closer, Leo realized that the figure was a her. And her face was screwed up tight in a look of determination. Suddenly, the girl slammed into him, which got his body working again. 'What the name of Zeus are you doing just standing there?' She shouted angrily. 'Do you just stand there when furies are chasing after you ?' Leo spluttered. The girl groaned. 'Could you move, please? You're kind of in my way.' She started side stepping Leo until he caught her by the shoulder. 'Where are you going?' He asked. The girl rolled her eyes. 'Where do you think? Into the camp. I need to talk to one of the demigods.' Leo looked at her with suspicion, the furies still hanging out just outside the boarder, screeching loudly. He kept his grip on her shoulder. The whole situation seemed a little strange: sure, some demigods were found occasionally these days - but they were always with a guardian. And she was alone, looking at Leo with a look of anger, talking about the camp, which mortals weren't supposed to be able to see. 'Look, just tell me who you want to talk to.' 'I don't have any time! I need to speak to him now!' She exclaimed, and tried to pry Leo's hand away from her shoulder. He tightened his grip. 'Who?' She looked up into Leo's face; her eyes seemed to almost burn with anger. Normally, he would've thought they were beautiful: they were a greenish-grey, almost like the colour of the sea during a storm. But at the moment, Leo was so focused on prying information out of the girl to notice. Much. 'Just. Let. Me. Go!' She said loudly, and she managed to pry Leo's hand off of her, and shoved him to get him out of her way. She started storming off, but before Leo could do anything, she collapsed. Leo scrambled up and sprinted to her. He tried to help her stand, until he realized that her backpack was soaked in something. When he looked closer, he saw that it was a deep red. He ripped off her backpack, to find that the back of her shirt had been shredded, along with most of her back. She was extremely pale, and her face glistened with sweat. Leo pulled her head into his lap, trying to keep her from going unconscious. 'I think I'm hurt.' She said, and laughed, which came out like a croak. 'I need to see P-percy Jackson.' 'Why?' Leo asked, and he almost kicked himself. Why would you ask her that? 'B-because.' She said weakly. 'He's my brother.' Her eyes flickered shut. Leo was caught in a moment of disbelief. Then he started yelling. 'Percy! Someone get Percy!' He saw one of the others that were standing watch rush over, another running down to the Big House, presumably getting Chiron. The figure from another side of the boarder rushed over, and Leo saw that it was Percy Jackson, the son of Poseidon. 'What? What's wrong?' Percy asked, once he was close enough. 'This girl. She came running from the trees, two furies following her. She said that she wanted to talk to you, because she's your… sister.' Percy looked at him with confusion, and rushed over, kneeling next to the girl who claimed to be his sister. He saw Percy's body tense. 'Oh my god.' He said, and he looked up. 'We need to get her to the infirmary. Now .' Leo wanted to ask if they could really trust her, but Percy's hard expression made him stop. Percy believed her. He believed that this girl was his sister. 'Okay.' Leo said, just as Chiron rushed over, Annabeth Chase on his heels (or hooves, which ever you prefer). Chiron looked between the two boys, his eyes resting on Leo. 'What happened?' Leo explained everything, Chiron nodding at a few points, Annabeth gasping when Leo said that the girl believed that she was Percy's sister. 'I believe her.' Percy chimed in, and Chiron looked at Percy. 'I've… seen her before.' ' What ?' Annabeth exclaimed, a slight hint of disbelief in her voice, probably because she was surprised that her boyfriend hadn't told her that he had met his sister . 'Not personally .' Percy explained. 'I've seen her in some of my dreams. She also-' Percy glanced at the girl, '-looks a lot like my mom.' The other three took time to register this. Chiron nodded. 'I would have to agree. Also, if Percy trusts that she is telling the truth, then I believe her as well.' Annabeth nodded. 'We have no time to waste.' Annabeth said, 'we have to get her to the infirmary before she bleeds to death.' Percy turned to his sister, a look of deep concern in his eyes. 'Firstly, Percy, you have to get the members of the Senior Counsel.' Chiron said, and Percy started to protest. 'We have to tell them about her. Annabeth, you should come as well. Leo, why don't you take this girl to the infirmary? Percy will come once we wake up the others.' Leo was about to protest, because he was positive that he wouldn't be able to carry her. But, as Leo looked up at Percy's face etched with worry, he nodded. Percy looked at his sister, then at Leo. 'Be careful with her.' He said, his sea green eyes filled with concern. Leo just nodded. At that, the three walked quickly down to the cabins, going to wake up the other members of the Senior Counsels of Camp Half-blood, which was made up of all the cabin leaders. Leo, being the leader of the Hephaestus cabin after the previous one had stepped down, was apart of the Senior Counsel. Leo quickly scooped the girl up, and walked as quickly as he could (without dropping the girl) to the Big House. Once he got through the door, almost the whole cabin of Apollo swarmed him and the girl, taking her from him and setting her down on one of the beds in the infirmary, checking her wounds. Leo stood there, helpless, watching them bandage up Percy's sister and force-feeding her ambrosia to help her healing process. The cabin leader, Will Solace, rushed into the room, and began attempting to heal the girl's wounds. After about twenty minutes, the panic died out, and once Will was certain that the girl was okay, they all went out of the Big House, probably to sleep. Leo entered the room and pulled a chair up to the edge of the bed. Leo looked the girl over, and realized how pretty she was. She had jet-black hair, similar to Percy's. There were freckles dotting across her arms, shoulders, cheeks and nose. She seemed delicate, but Leo could tell that she was strong by the toned look of her arms. She had a heart-shaped face with a pointed chin and defined cheekbones, similar to that of an elf. Her forehead was quite high and her nose was small and somewhat crooked, like it had been broken one too many times. Leo was studying her when Percy came running in, which brought Leo out of his daze. He looked around sheepishly, avoiding looking at both Percy and his sister. 'How is she? Did they heal her?' Percy asked, and Leo forced himself to turn and look at him. 'Yeah, the Apollo cabin fixed her up pretty good. They told me that she needed some more nectar once she woke up, which they said shouldn't be in too long.' Percy nodded, and pulled a chair up next to Leo's. They sat there for what seemed like an hour, until, finally, the girl's eyes fluttered open. Percy had dozed off, and Leo was playing with some metal scraps from his tool belt. Leo smacked Percy's arm and he woke with a start, looking at his sister. He immediately sat on the edge of his chair, seeming to want to get as close to her as possible. 'Percy?' The girl groaned. Percy was sitting at the very edge of his chair, looking like he was about to fall off of it. 'Yeah, it's me.' He said, and a look of relief flashed across her face. 'Oh, thank the gods I found you. I'm your-' 'Sister.' Percy finished, and she slid her gaze over to Leo. 'Yes.' She said, and looked back at Percy. 'My name is Andrey. I have to tell you something. In private.' She said, looking over at Leo. He stood up. 'It's cool. I'll just wait outside.' Percy smiled at Leo gratefully. 'Annabeth should be here soon.' Leo nodded, walked out the door, and closed it after him. Leo waited for what seemed like ages, listening to the murmurs of conversation from the room that Percy and Andrey were in, until he heard footsteps from the other side of the door, and Percy opened it. He looked around, presumably for Annabeth, and focused his eyes on Leo. 'We have a problem.' He said, and, as if on cue, Annabeth came bounding down the hallway towards the two boys. 'How is she? Is she awake?' Annabeth looked at Percy. 'Why are you looking at me like that?' She asked quickly. 'She's awake. But we have a problem. We have to call the Senior Counsel to a meeting, as soon as possible. Andrey's going to sleep, but she'll explain everything later.' Percy turned back into the room and started talking softly to Andrey. Annabeth looked like she was about to barge in there, but she held herself back and sighed. Percy came out a while later, looking between Annabeth and Leo. 'She's asleep now, but I don't want to leave her alone. Would one of you mind staying?' He asked. 'I can.' Leo volunteered, and Percy smiled gratefully. 'I'll be back as soon as I can. Just… don't let anything happen to her.' He added. 'Aye, aye, captain.' Percy smirked at Leo