This story was beta'd by the amazingly talented Ophelia! Any remaining mistakes belong to me. Disclaimer: I am not male, I am not dead, and my name is not J.R.R. Tolkien. So, alas, I can claim no ownership of Lord of the Rings. Evan and Zack, however, both belong to me. Evan sat at his desk, poring over a large map that was spread out on the surface. His finger traced a line across the paper, coming to rest on a small point labelled 'Moria'. He muttered something to himself, then continued on to the next point in his path, labelled 'Lothlorien'. Again, he whispered something under his breath before his finger moved on, slowly making its way down the map. On his fifteenth birthday, his father had presented him with a beautiful, hardcover set of the Lord of the Rings. He had flicked through the first pages out of curiosity, and soon found himself drawn into a world which now seemed more real to him than his own. Every spare moment was spent re-reading Tolkien's works, studying Elvish, poring over maps of Middle-Earth, or simply drifting off into his own fantasy world in which he was able to visit Middle-Earth, and meet those characters that had been the focal point of his life for so long. Evan Clark was one of those boys who never really seemed to fit in. There was just something about him that set him apart from the other students. Perhaps it was his appearance. Evan was tall and gangly. His brown hair was tangled and unkempt, and fell to his shoulders. He had been growing it ever since first seeing the Lord of the Rings movies, in the hope that it would make him look more like a fierce Elven warrior of old, and less like a skinny, bespectacled schoolboy. Maybe it was his personality that set him apart. Evan had always had a wild imagination. When he was a little boy, he had shown no interest in video games and television, preferring to stay outside and pretend he was someone else. Perhaps he would be a hermit, living in a cave in the middle of nowhere. Or he could be a fearsome pirate, sailing the seven seas with his trusty crew. One day he might be a tiger, prowling through the long grass in the bush reserve behind their suburban home, stalking birds and lizards. Then, when he started school, he had been fascinated by the amazing learning opportunities that were now open to him. He absorbed himself completely in his studies, satisfying a thirst for knowledge that, until then, he had never known he possessed. The other students had ostracized him, calling him a nerd. Nobody wanted to sit with him; nobody wanted to play with him. So he had spent most of his time in the library, reading anything he could get his hands on. Then he had started high school. The other students still rejected him, but now their dislike began to express itself in more overt ways. In primary school he had mostly been ignored, with only the occasional muttered insult or nasty comment. By year seven his classmates were reaching puberty, and seemed suddenly driven by a desire to prove their 'manliness' in front of their mates. Evan found himself the victim of insults, pranks and occasionally, beatings that seemed almost ceaseless in coming. Sometimes he would be given a few days reprieve, but then the bullies would return with a new fervour, eager to continue their ridicule. Evan soon learned to steer clear of the cruel boys who seemed bent on making his life hell. At first he tried to fight back, but after a series of humiliating defeats, he realised his best hope of safety was to stay out of sight. Sometimes the bullies sought him out, but mostly they just forgot about him, too preoccupied with their own lives to care about the doings of a strange, skulking misfit. In year nine, Evan made his first friend. Joanna was a chubby, socially awkward girl who, like him, was ridiculed and rejected by the social mainstream. One lunch time, he had been in the library researching for a science assignment, and could not find any of the information he needed. Joanna had overheard his frustrating conversation with the librarian, who seemed to take the view that anyone who could not find resources for themselves ought to be thrown out permanently. Shyly, she had approached him, and pointed him towards the books he needed. From then on, the two had been fast friends. Zack leaned back against the brick wall of the gym, putting his cigarette to his lips once more. He inhaled deeply, twirling it idly between his fingers. Zack Brown was a tall, hulking boy of fifteen, with blonde hair gelled into a short, bristly, spiky style favoured by his group. Zack, Adam, Tyler, Jon and Sam had started hanging out in grade seven, and since then spent most of their time smoking, drinking, and picking on weaker guys. All of them accepted Zack as their leader, because he was the strongest and most ruthless. "Man, this sucks," grunted Adam, stamping on his cigarette butt. "How many times you gonna say that?" Growled Jon in annoyance. "Wanna go to the park?" suggested Tyler. "We go to the park all the time," protested Sam. "'Bout we go to the store? I'm nearly outta smokes." The four boys turned to look at Zack, waiting to see what he thought of this proposition. "Yeah, whatever," he shrugged. The group got to their feet and ambled off down the footpath at a leisurely pace, each doing their best to appear calmly intimidating. Soon they reached a sharp bend in the road. The store was around the corner, on the other side of the road, hidden from view by a large two-storey house sitting right on the bend. The group stepped out onto the road, plodding across slowly. Zack never saw the car coming. He had glanced backwards to see if Jon and Tyler, who had lagged behind slightly, were still with them. Suddenly, he heard an ear-splitting screech. Something huge and heavy collided with him, and he was airborne. Before he could react, the world went black and he knew no more. The rain had been pouring down relentlessly all night. It was dawn, and the Fellowship had taken refuge under a large hanging rock to wait out the day. Somehow, their supplies had remained mercifully dry through the downpour, and they had had their weatherproof cloaks to shelter them. Still, the Company were a sullen lot as they sat, huddled against the rock wall, shivering with cold. Of their number, only Legolas seemed relatively unaffected by the miserable weather. He was standing straight-backed just within the shelter of the overhang, peering out into their grey surroundings, tense and alert as he had been the entire journey. A small frown was forming on the Elf's face, and Aragorn rose and moved to stand beside him. "Do you see something?" He asked, staring out into the mist. Legolas shook his head, still looking troubled. "No," he replied thoughtfully. "I can feel something, though. I do not know what it is." As he spoke, he stepped forward out of the shelter of the rock. Suddenly, there was an odd rushing sound, seemingly coming from all around them. They heard a distant thud, followed by a loud screech. Then, the Elf was gone. The fellowship all leapt to their feet, stunned. Legolas had simply vanished into thin air, leaving behind no trace. Before they could react, there was another rushing noise. Another figure appeared where the Elf had been, collapsing heavily into the mud. The hobbits were all rooted to the spot, too shocked and confused to react. The rest of the Fellowship rushed forwards instinctively, their weapons out in a flash. They circled the immobile figure, and quickly saw that he had no weapons. Still, they were extremely wary. What had become of Legolas? And who was this strange newcomer For all they knew he might be a servant of the enemy, sent to spy on them. It was Gandalf who moved first. He darted forwards and seized the stranger, jerking him roughly to his feet. It was a young boy, no more than fifteen or sixteen. He had short bristly hair, and his garments were like nothing any of the Fellowship had seen before. His eyes were open, but his face bore a glazed look and he was clearly not fully conscious. The wizard dragged him into the shelter and set him down against the wall, then stepped back and waited the boy to regain full consciousness. After several minutes of nervous tension, the boy stirred. He blinked several times, shaking his head as though to clear it. He stared around placidly for a second, looking thoroughly confused. Suddenly he gave an awful shout, and leapt to his feet. "Who the fuck are you?" He yelled, panic etched clearly on his face. His fists were balled in front of him, his whole frame tense. He was prepared for a fight. Aragorn stepped forward, pointing his sword towards the stranger. The boy stared at the blade for a minute, looking confused and terrified. He gradually lowered his fists, his eyes fixed fearfully on Aragorn. "Who are you?" snarled the ranger. "What have you done with our companion?" The boy stared at him as though he had gone mad. "I haven't done nothin' to your friend!" He exclaimed. "I don't even know where I am. What the hell's going on?" Aragorn regarded him sternly. "What is your name?" The boy scowled darkly. "Zack," he spat. "Just tell me what's happening, and where I am!" Aragorn hesitated, glancing briefly towards his companions, though he kept his sword trained on the newcomer. The Fellowship had inched forward until they surrounded Zack, and were all staring in open curiosity mingled with trepidation. He turned back to face the boy, who looked pale and frightened. He cautiously lowered his sword. "Do you truly not know where you are?" He asked firmly. "No!" Spluttered Zack. There was no trace of dishonesty in his expression. "I was just hanging out with my mates, and I think I got hit by a car or something. Next thing I knew, I was here!" Aragorn was bewildered, though he tried to conceal it. What on earth was the stranger talking about? And how could such an event be possible in any case? Yet the boy was clearly telling the truth. He was alone and defenceless, completely at their mercy. "Do you know what became of Legolas?" He asked, speaking more gently now that he had decided the boy was no threat. "Who's Leg'las?" Zack snorted. "What kinda name is that, anyway?" He quickly shut his mouth as the strange man frowned at him. "I don't know anything 'bout your friend," he amended. Aragorn sighed, and turned to Gandalf. "What is to be done?" He asked the wizard. Gandalf abandoned his scrutiny of the boy, and shrugged faintly. "We must see if Legolas is to be found," he said. "However, I doubt that we will find him tonight. Clearly there is magic at work here. I think I shall go out and search for him. You, Aragorn, are to accompany me. The rest of the company should rest, for the moment." Aragorn nodded in agreement. Leaving Sam on first watch, the Ranger and the Wizard left their shelter and melted away into the mist. The rest of the Fellowship made a small show of attempting to sleep, but none of them could bear to rest after the excitement of such strange events. Eventually they gave up, and merely sat quietly, their eyes scanning their surroundings in hope of making anything out through the dense mist. Zack sat on a rock slightly away from the rest of them, rolling a pebble between his