better than the hunger games bc finnick doesn't die yay high five don't own thg or the tegan and sara lyrics, funnily enough something you'd be good at maybe i would've been something you'd be good at maybe you would've been something i'd be good at now we'll never know - tegan and sara, 'call it off' APRIL, 2014 The only relationship Annie Cresta has ever been in ends quietly. She comes home from work one afternoon to find Eli hauling boxes into his truck with the help of a few mates and he looks at her and says, "I'm sorry, Annie. I really am. I just can't do this anymore." And then he keeps moving his stuff further and further away from hers and she doesn't hesitate to help him divide up their book collection. There are no tears- Annie doesn't believe in crying unless something terrible has happened and doesn't see the point in wasting her tears on a first love that probably wouldn't have lasted anyway. She doesn't get drunk and call him early in the morning and beg for him to take her back. She doesn't even egg his car, but probably no one would blame her if she did. They go on with their lives as if nothing has changed- as if it's all the same, as if the other person never even really existed. And maybe he didn't exist- maybe the ten years they were together were all a part of her imagination anyway. It's possible because, realistically, what people who start a relationship when they're twelve are still together ten years later? It ends quietly, but Annie finds she isn't exactly sure what to do with herself. NOVEMBER, 2014 "You need to get laid," Johanna Mason claims one night when they're out for drinks. "When you're not with me, all you really do is hang out with your cat and drink wine out of a bag, and it's kind of depressing. Not to mention embarrassing- for me, I mean. I'm ashamed to know you." Annie rolls her eyes. It's been about six months since he left, and she gets this lecture at least twice a week, and she finds it ridiculous. It's not like she's moping; she just doesn't see the point in rushing into someone else's bed when hers is so big and warm and comfy. "I'm fine," she insists absently. "Unlike you, I don't need a man in my life to complete me. I'm perfectly fine on my own, thank you very much." Looking somewhat offended, Johanna sits back in her seat. "I resent that," she says with a glare, but they both know it's true. Johanna hasn't been without someone to at least fool around with since she was sixteen and while that's perfectly okay, it's not Annie's style. "Look, Annie, I'm just worried about you. At least get out there, you know? Make some new friends." When she gets home that night, Annie changes into a stained tank-top and old track-pants and curls up on the couch with Mr Snuffles to watch reruns of Vanderpump Rules and okay, she might be moping, but only a little, and that's allowed, right? JANUARY, 2015 For Johanna's birthday, she throws a massive party and Annie doesn't know anyone because Johanna likes to keep her work friends and real friends separate and Annie generally falls into the former category. But she shows up anyway and she brings her work friend an expensive bottle of wine and as the door opens to let her in, she yells, "You old cow!" This would have been great had Johanna answered the door; but instead Annie finds herself staring at a tall, green-eyed stranger. The guy blinks at her and glances at the bottle of wine. "I feel like you've already broken into that," he says after a moment- which technically she has, but it was only for a taste, and he doesn't need to know that- but he stands aside to let her in anyway. "Jo's around here somewhere. Last I saw her she was asking where all the strippers are. You should probably withhold that wine for a while. I'm her best friend, by the way. Finnick Odair." "Annie Cresta," she introduces herself absently. "I'm her charity case. It's a pleasure to meet you, Finnick." Without waiting for a response, she disappears into the crowd to stop Johanna from throwing a lamp out the window. A few hours into the party, Johanna stands on a table and yells that she needs to make an announcement. When everyone shuts up, she grins and drags Annie up beside her. "This is my lovely- gosh, Annie, you're lovely- friend and guess what? She really needs a good hook-up. Any volunteers?" Annie buries her face in her hands and ignores the few people who jokingly raise their hands. After scanning the room for a few seconds, Johanna makes a triumphant noise. "Annie, we have a winner!" Annie glances up to see Finnick Odair grinning wickedly at the pair of them, and runs to hide in the bathroom because she doesn't think it's possible for this night to get any more embarrassing, and she kind of wants to never see any of these people ever again. Not many people go home- most are too drunk to even find the door- and Annie and Finnick end up sleeping in the bedroom with Johanna while everyone else is stuck on the living room floor. Johanna mutters something about Annie being 'prettier than the prettiest princess that ever was pretty' and Finnick laughs and says, "Yeah, Jo, she is," but Annie's already fast asleep. MARCH, 2015 Annie's just about to cross the road when someone calls her name. "Cresta!" Finnick yells, jogging to catch up. "Hey, Cresta, long time no see." He falls easily into step beside her, his hands shoved into his pockets and his tan deeper than the last time they met. "Jo hasn't mentioned you in a while. How've you been?" Shrugging, "Alright, I guess. Nothing to complain about. You?" Finnick grins. "Never been better," he says cheerfully as he walks into a café, not glancing back. He clearly expects her to just follow him and since she has nothing better to do, she does. "I've been interning at a newspaper and they've finally let me start writing my own stuff so, yeah, I'm great." "Really?" Annie's eyebrows raise in mild surprise. "That's awesome. I'm a writer too, you know." She blushes because that's quite an embellishment. "I mean, I write. I'm not actually a writer. Nothing published or anything, I just… yeah. You get the idea." "I bet you write romance," he says, and when she nods he looks delighted. "You should write about me. Shorten my name to Finn, though, because my name's fucking weird. I can be the tall, dark and handsome stranger the heroine falls in love with." Annie frowns, glancing briefly at his slightly curled hair. "But you're blonde," she protests. "And that just never works as well. You'd have to be the villain, I think." "Ouch, Cresta. You wound me." "Finnick?" Annie looks behind her to see a woman about their age looking confusedly at them. She's tall and gorgeous and when she leans past Annie to hug Finnick, she smells like mint and coconut. It's a strangely pleasant mix. She takes in Annie for a moment. "Hi," she says, politely but coolly. "I'm Finnick's girlfriend." As Annie smiles and shakes the woman's hand, Finnick looks more than uncomfortable. "I'm Annie," she replies. "Finnick's… acquaintance. I gotta run, Finnick. See you later." She walks briskly out of the café, leaving a frowning Finnick and a somewhat bemused blonde in her wake. APRIL, 2015 "Finnick's been asking about you…" Johanna trails off as she drops the sugar packet that came with her coffee onto an empty shelf. "Says he saw you a few weeks ago but you didn't really get to hang out for very long. I think he might like you, you know. Won't shut up about you." Annie shrugs. "I had somewhere to be," she says, somewhat defensively. "And besides, he has a girlfriend. What's the point?" She examines the dresses on the rack, pushing each aside after only a quick glance. None are really her style, and she isn't going to waste any of her crappy salary on something she doesn't want. Frowning, Johanna bites her lip. "Is this girlfriend a tall blonde who looks like a young Kate Moss?" Annie hums her confirmation, and Johanna laughs so hard she snorts. "God, ew. That's Cashmere. She's not his girlfriend. Like, at all. More like his stalker." This doesn't change anything for Annie, so she doesn't bother responding. She barely knows Finnick and even if he is interested in her, she doubts his intentions are anything more than friendly- he seems like a fairly friendly guy. Honestly, she doesn't want to date anyone , least of all him. It's been a year since Eli ended things and she's still trying to figure out who she is on her own. Thus far she's come to the conclusion that she likes flowers and every alcohol in existence and is generally a rather boring person. As they're leaving the store, Johanna wraps an arm around Annie. "I gave him your number anyway." JULY, 2015 Annie isn't sure whether she should be blaming Finnick or Johanna for this predicament; on the one hand, he's the one who's been texting her, but Johanna's the one who gave him her number and set the whole thing in motion. It's a conundrum, and she really doesn't mean to crash Finnick's dinner with his parents. It just kind of happens. Ever since he got her number from Johanna, Finnick and Annie had been conversing quite a bit. After a few days of late night text messages, he asked to see her, and they somehow ended up meeting for coffee at least three times a week. When Finnick called earlier and said he was having a few people over for dinner and asked if she wanted to come hang out, she didn't expect it to be his parents. But here she is, smiling tightly at Finnick's grey-haired mother and his somewhat scary looking father. "Mum, Dad, this is Annie," Finnick says, as happy as ever. "We're kind of best friends. Annie, these are my parents." He smiles and dimples appear in his cheeks and- This is his fault. This is completely his fault. "I am going to cause you pain," she mutters to him as he leads her and his parents over to the dining room table. Apparently, he's cooked pasta, and this annoys her because pasta is her favourite food on the entire planet and she doesn't want anything about this encounter to be good. It's even more annoying when she realises he asked her about her favourite food just a week ago. The night doesn't go too badly- until his mother asks how long they've been together. Annie chokes on the water she was in the process of drinking, and Finnick laughs. At the same time she says they're not dating, he announces they're getting married in two days, and she's tempted to throw her glass at him. He would definitely deserve it for this fiasco of a night. As she's leaving, Finnick's mother kisses Annie's cheeks and says she's glad Finnick found such a lovely girl to finally settle down with. Annie stutters because they're not settled down and they're just friends and why can't people accept that? and gets out of that apartment as quickly as she can. She doesn't talk to Finnick for two weeks. AUGUST, 2015 The position of party planner falls to Johanna once again, but this time it's for Annie's birthday. It's a considerably smaller affair than Johanna's wild bash, but it's nice and it's intimate and Annie actually knows everyone in attendance. Finnick isn't there; he only gets off a plane from his