Hello, readers! This is for Athena, who requested I write this. I am so glad that she did, because I've enjoyed writing this first chapter. This chapter is unusually long. I couldn't find a place to stop it. I hope that you guys enjoy this story so far! Please tell me what you think, of Athena, of Harry, anything at all! Happy reading! Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. Also, Athena Potter is an original character, though I have to thank my guest reviewer for a lot! When Petunia Dursley learned of her sister's death, she did not think of Lily Potter's daughter and son. But, one morning when she put out the milk bottles, a realization hit her. There were two babies on her doorstep, each with jet black tufts of hair on their heads. Her heart stopped and she shrieked, startling the twins. They both cried loudly, and you can just imagine the disdain Petunia felt at having to raise- not one, but two- of her sister's spawn. For the first few years it was impossible to tell the two apart. The only thing that was different between the two of them was the lightning- shaped scar on Harry's head. As the two got older, however, the changes were easy to see. Athena Potter was Harry's twin sister. She was similarly built to Harry, and they both had jet black hair and green eyes. Athena's hair, however, was straight and long, and fell in curtains on her back. It was impossible to get her hair into any sort of style, Petunia had tried, but it always stuck out in odd ways. When Harry needed glasses, Athena had eyes like a hawk, and it often helped when they were trying to spot out Dudley, their cousin, so they could run away from him. The two worked in perfect harmony, understanding each other's thoughts without having to speak to each other. Harry and Athena had learned to cook together, and worked expertly in the mornings to bring their family food. After all the years, they fell into a pattern of chef and waitress, Harry cooking the bacon and Athena delivering it to her fat cousin and beefy uncle. Harry was treated horribly, but Athena wasn't treated nearly as bad. Because she was a girl, Athena suspected, Petunia put her foot down on severe punishments. Almost like Athena was the daughter Petunia never had. Despite their similar looks and thoughts, their personalities were very different. Athena had flat out yelled at her uncle when he had made Harry stay outside and pull weeds for hours. She had also hit Aunt Marge's dog, Ripper, over the head with an umbrella when it had run Harry up a tree. She had paid dearly for both outbursts, and hadn't tried again. Her fingers were swollen and bloody for days after scrubbing and tending to the garden, and she hadn't been able to write in school for a week. Harry had written her notes and vocabulary down with his untidy handwriting, raising questions and eyebrows. Harry was always looking out for his twin in other ways, and not being as hot headed as she always was. He was constantly putting his hand on her shoulder in warning, and stomping on her foot to keep her from saying something stupid. They both slept under the stairs until they were six, when Petunia had peeked into the cupboard one morning and saw the two of them piled on top of each other uncomfortably. Petunia had decided then that they would be moved into Dudley's spare room. Dudley wasn't very pleased, and Athena and Harry were made very aware of that by the bruises on their arms. They still weren't very comfortable, because they had to share a bed. In the end, they decided that Harry would sleep on the floor, which he never complained about. He would do anything to make sure his sister was comfortable. The pair were never apart because they were the only family the other had. They never left the other's side and always had each other's backs. Vernon and Petunia had hopes that they wouldn't be magical like their parents, but their hopes were short- lived when they tried to cut Harry and Athena's hair to ridiculously short lengths. Athena looked liked a boy, with her hair cut to her ears, and Harry had bald places on his head. They both woke up the next morning with their hair back to what it was before. Vernon had yelled at the two of them, and Harry stomped on Athena's foot to stop the inevitable snappy comeback. Then, there was that incident at the zoo. Athena had been talking to a large snake behind the glass when Dudley knocked her out of the way. She didn't know that snakes could talk, but that was the least of her worries. She knew that the snake wanted to go to Peru someday, because that was its native land, even if it was breed in captivity. "Hey!" She said, rubbing her arm. Harry shook with fury beside her, and suddenly the glass separating the snake from them disappeared. She heard Harry wish it a good time in Peru. Dudley was screaming, running. She hadn't seen him run since- well, ever. It was all extremely amusing to her, mainly because Dudley looked so stupid when he ran. Later, when she talked to Harry, they agreed not to tell anyone that the snake spoke to them. It wouldn't do either of them any good to be seen as insane. On the week prior to Harry and Athena's eleventh birthday, they each received a letter. Harry had been sent to get the mail, and Athena sat at the table wolfing down her toast. Harry handed her the thick paper, which she then proceeded to sit on. It was never good to draw attention to yourself in the Dursley household. Harry, being far more curious, ripped his open. "Mum!" Dudley said, snatching the letter from Harry. "Harry got something in the mail!" He waved it his mother's face while Harry tried to grab it back. "Give it back! That's mine! Athena, help!" Harry yelled. Athena just sat there, watching the scene unfurl before her. She noted with a smug smile that none of the Dursley's had seen her own letter. "Ah-ha!" Vernon said loudly, ripping Harry's letter into shreds. Aunt Petunia picked a few of the pieces up and looked at her husband, her face as white as a sheet. She shoved the scraps into Vernon's hands and turned to Athena, her hand outstretched and her gaze unwavering. Athena sighed and took the envelope out from under her, turning it over to her ever-observant aunt. "Here you go, Aunt Petunia," she muttered, her eyes downcast. Harry, Athena, and Dudley were then rushed out of the kitchen by an angry and panicked Vernon. They knelt by the door, Dudley getting the keyhole, Harry pressing his ear to the door, and Athena looking under it. They didn't gather very much because only seconds after they found their positions, the door flew open and Petunia shooed them away. The letters kept coming in ridiculous amounts, hundreds of letters flying through the fireplace and open windows. Somehow, Harry and Athena never could get their hands on one, as Petunia would catch them. Over the next few days, Harry and Athena both grew very annoyed with their guardians for depriving them of the letters addressed to the two of them. Uncle Vernon even went as far to nail the mail slot shut, much to the confusion of the mailman. After one week of the insanity that was their uncle, his paranoia grew to an alarming high. He moved them out to a rocky island in the middle of nowhere, rain and thunder rolling all around them. Harry and Athena whispered about random things into the night while the rest of their family slept, if you could call them family. They only had a few minutes left until their birthday, and they expressed their wishes and deepest desires of their hearts. "Harry, I wish that we could have at least met mum and dad," she whispered, dropping her gaze in shame. He lifted her chin with his cold fingers, his blazing green eyes boring into eyes exactly the same shade. "Athena, you don't know how much I would give to talk to them. See them, even. But I have you, little sister," he told her. She swallowed the lump in her throat as she allowed a tear to escape her eyes. He wiped it away with his thumb. She smiled at him, glad that she wasn't alone. "I'm still convinced that I'm older," she joked. They actually didn't know who was the oldest and who was the youngest, so Harry fell into the habit of calling her "little sister." She liked to think that she came out first, if only for the satisfaction that she beat him at something. Harry snorted and ruffled her hair lovingly. "Sure," he said sarcastically. She rolled her eyes and reached into her pocket, drawing out his birthday present. It was wrapped clumsily in newspaper; she was horrible at wrapping things. She had a hard time deciding what to get him because he didn't seem to care for gifts or toys like she did. "Here you go, you ungrateful little-" she was cut off by a thundering crash on the door. She nearly screamed, but bit her tongue. Harry stood warily, subconsciously moving in front of his sister. Another crash echoed around them. "Athena, hide," he told her over his shoulder. When she didn't move he yelled, "Now!" She jumped at the tone of his voice. He never raised his voice, not even to Dudley. She scurried to crouch behind the couch, where Dudley was stirring groggily. Harry grabbed the poker from the furnace, raising it by his side. Petunia and Vernon rushed downstairs, a rifle in Vernon's hands. Harry silently approved of his uncle for once, if there was any chance his sister could be hurt, he needed to be prepared to stop that from happening. "Wha-" Dudley started when the door crashed down onto the dusty floor. Athena stared in awe as a man at least ten feet tall stooped into the room. He was extremely hairy, and Athena's eyes widened to the size of saucers. Vernon raised his rifle to the man, his hands shaking and his face an ugly puce. Harry raised the poker, and Dudley whimpered in fear. The stranger bent down and pushed the door back into it's frame. Vernon yelled in fury as the man strode forward and bent the barrel of the gun backwards. "Watch yerself, Dursley," the man growled in his deep, scratchy voice. Vernon gulped and opened and closed his mouth like a fish needing oxygen. It was Harry that finally spoke. "Who are you and what are you doing here?" Harry asked, his voice colder than the air that made their breath rise in puffs. His knuckles were white around his only weapon. The man turned toward Harry and broke out into a grin, his eyes crinkling at the corners. "Harry!" The man boomed, and it was a happy exclamation that held no threat. "The last time I saw yeh you were a little lad! Where's yer sister?" The man asked. At the mention of Athena, Harry tensed. Athena stood, albeit a little hesitantly. "Hi," she said weakly, Harry pulled her behind him roughly and growled at the man. Athena huffed and crossed her arms, but stayed behind her brother. "Who are you and why are you here?" Harry repeated, his voice clear and cool. The man chuckled. "I suppose I havn' introduced meself yet, have I? Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts," the man- Hagrid- stuck out his hand to Harry. Harry didn't move. Athena rolled her eyes and sidestepped Harry's outstretched arms. She grabbed Hagrid's