A/N: Hi! This is the first part of a three (maybe four) part story. Please read, review, etc. And also, English is not my first language, so if any of you finds some God-awful errors, please, point them out, because I'm not always able to catch them myself. I hope you'll enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. I'm just borrowing the charachters and having my way with them. "No, no, no. This isn't happening." Hermione whispered to herself, sitting on the bathroom floor, gripping the vial of the pregnancy test potion, now turned bright red, in her hand. "How on Earth did it even happen?" she thought. They were of course using contraceptive spells. "How?" she whispered once again, before letting her head rest on the wall behind her. There she was, Hermione Granger, the witch who had sex whole three times before being knocked up. "Oh, Merlin! I'm gonna be an aunt!" Ginny squealed in excitement. Hermione frowned. "Gin, stop it," she said quietly. "You're not happy about this," the redhead pointed out. "Of course I'm not happy about this. I'm nineteen for Merlin's sake! I'm not even out of Hogwarts yet!" Hermione snapped at her friend. "But you're graduating in a little more than three weeks. You're not far along, nobody will figure out a thing. You'll pass all of your exams with flying colours and then embrace the motherhood. How about that?" Ginny tried to cheer the girl up. "I guess you're right. But I still need to break the news to him. And I'm not excited about that part at all." Hermione pouted. "How far along are you anyway?" Ginny asked, scooting closer to her friend. The smile she had glued to her freckled face made her look like a crazy person. "I figure I must be about nine or ten weeks. I didn't even noticed skipping my last period. It only occurred to me yesterday, when I discovered I was a week late." Hermione let out a sigh and collapsed onto the bed they were sitting on. How is it possible, she didn't notice? People were calling her the brightest witch of her age, and yet, she was oblivious to what has been happening inside her own body for far too long. Draco Malfoy froze. It didn't happen often, he almost always knew what to do or say, but that… That was something else. He sat up in his bed and put the potions book on his nightstand. His eyes widened slightly, as he kept listening to the argument, that was currently taking place in the common room of the Head Boy and Girl quarters. He was not eavesdropping. He didn't have to, with all the yelling. "Are you fucking crazy?! I don't want kids yet!'' the Weasel screamed. '"Me neither, but it's kind of already done'' Granger wasn't screaming, unlike Weasley, but her voice was slowly growing louder and stronger. "No! We used the spells. It can't be!", the boy kept yelling. "There's always a slim chance they won't work and…" "We used the spells! There's no fucking way it's mine!'', Weasley cut Granger off. 'Oh no. That was stupid, mate', Draco thought, rising an eyebrow. "Are you insinuating that I slept with someone other than you?", the girl said in a steady tone. Draco already knew, that was the first sign of her fury bubbling over. She had the tendency to appear calm and collected just before she blew up with anger. "You must have. Otherwise you wouldn't be pregnant!", Weasel kept screaming. "Well, Ronald, for your information, no, I never cheated on you. That's your thing", Granger was almost growling. Draco could only imagine the look on her face right now. There was no way in Hell he would leave the safety of his room right now. Not when Granger was that pissed off. Weasley ignored his girlfriend's words and simply stated: "I want nothing to do with that baby! Nothing!" "Then get the fuck out! We're done here!", now she started yelling. "What, you're breaking up with me?", Weasley sounded truly outraged. 'Stupid git', Malfoy thought. "OUT!", Granger didn't even sound like herself anymore. Draco didn't head Weasel's response, but he did hear the loud bang that accompanied closing the hidden door to their quarters with a lot more force, than was needed. Draco heard Granger sob through the wall. It's been four hours. At first he kind of just felt bad for her. She did, after all, end up knocked up and without a boyfriend. But now he started growing irritated. As much as he hated admitting that, Granger was brilliant, she can handle anything life throws at her. And Weasley is simply an idiot. She's better off without him. And yet, she was still crying in her room, which prevented him from getting his sleep. With a growl, he rolled of his bed, swung open his door and started banging on hers. "Granger! I can't sleep when you're sobbing like that!" The door to Granger's room opened slowly and she poked her head out. "Sorry", she said in between sniffles. Suddenly Draco felt bad about his behaviour. "It's… I… I heard…", he couldn't find words. He simply had no idea what to say right now. "What do you want?", Granger growled, angry at him all of the sudden. "What, you want to make fun of me? Oh, lookie here, Granger got knocked up and dumped, what a treat!". By the time she finished that sentence she was bawling again and sliding to the floor. She covered her face with her hands and it sounded like she was hyperventilating. "Fuck", Draco hissed quietly. "Granger, stop that. It's gonna be fine. Besides, he's not worth it", he tried calming her down, while getting to his knees and patting her on the shoulder. He had no idea how to deal with a situation like this. "Get up, Granger. I'll Floo the elves for some tea and ice-cream", he stood up, but she was still sitting on the floor. He peeled her hands off of her face and made her stand up. "Up we go!", he turned her around, led her to their common room and sat her on the couch. She was sitting there quietly, with her knees pulled up to her chin. Draco sighed and grabbed a handful of the Floo powder to call the kitchen. Hermione was spooning ice-cream into her face. 'Comfort food is the best remedy for everything, right?', she thought. Malfoy was watching her carefully. He was probably scared she would start crying again. It was peculiar. Draco Malfoy helping her through a break-down. Though it did feel nice to have someone sitting beside her right now. "Why'd you think I wanted to make fun of you?", he asked suddenly. Hermione looked at him, puzzled. "Isn't that what you do?", she answered with a question. "Not anymore. I thought we made that clear. Shit, Granger, you seriously think that little of me?", his brows furrowed. "You are an asshole", Hermione tried to smile, but it was not convincing at all. "Yeah, but I'm not the kind of an asshole that bullies his pregnant roommate", Malfoy ran his long, slender fingers through his platinum blond hair. He was clearly agitated. "Or the kind of an asshole that would accuse the most prude girl in this fucking school of cheating." He looked Hermione in the eyes and awaited her reaction. She ignored him and finished eating her tub of ice-cream. Malfoy remained silent until Hermione was done, but as soon as she was, he started talking again: "Why did you put up with this idiot for that long anyway? I thought you were supposed to be smart." That sentence hit the sore spot in Hermione's mind. She indeed was supposed to be the smart one. And at this particular moment she didn't feel smart at all. Her eyes started to tear up and before she knew it, she was sobbing into her hands yet again that night. Malfoy groaned, as if he was annoyed by her state. And then Hermione suddenly felt him hugging her tightly. She froze at the unexpected contact, but he just started running his hand up and down her back in a calming motion. "W-What are you doing?", Hermione breathed. "Hugging you, stupid," Malfoy answered in a matter-of-factly tone. "But why?" She untangled herself from his arms. He send her a confused look. "Well, you seem to be going through some difficult shit, that's why." He quickly ran his hand through his hair again. "But we're not friends. We do not like each other, Malfoy." Hermione felt like she had to spell that out for him. "True. But I do feel that I owe you," said the Slytherin, looking at his hands. Draco perfectly remembered the first time he had one of his post-war nightmares in the new quarters. Usually his screaming would wake him up, but that night was different. It wasn't his screams that pulled him out of the nightmare, but Granger's soft voice. "Malfoy. Malfoy, it's okay. Calm down . It's fine. It's okay, Draco," she kept talking to him quietly. When she touched his arm he woke up, sitting up, startled. Granger yelped and he heard a distinctive smack, when her body met the floor. Fuck, he pushed her. "Shit! I'm sorry, Granger." He jumped out of his bed and offered her his hand. She blinked twice, surprised, and then hesitantly took Draco's hand. "Are you okay?" "Yeah, I'm fine," she said, but as soon as she was back on her feet, she hissed with pain. "Did you bruise your bum, Granger?" Draco asked, sending her his signature smirk. She narrowed her eyes at him. "No. I think I twisted my ankle." She tried limping to the door, but he steered her towards his bed. "Sit. I have something for that," Draco said and opened the bottom drawer of his nightstand, looking for the healing creme. When he found it and turned back to the Gryffindor, he found the image before him extremely amusing. She was clearly very uncomfortable. It looked like she was trying to touch as little of his bed's surface as possible, while sitting on it. Draco also sat on the bed, facing Granger and said: "Give it." "What?" she squeaked, shocked. "Give me your leg. I've done this many times. Slytherins can be rough during the Quidditch practice." Granger's eyes went wide. "I know what I'm doing. Besides, I'm the one that pushed you." She finally moved towards him a little and straightened her left leg on the bed. Draco rolled his eyes and grabbed her foot, propping her ankle on his thigh. She squirmed a little when he tugged her. "Sorry," the boy murmured, then took some of the healing creme and started massaging it into Granger's ankle. They sat in silence for a few moments. Draco working the creme into the Gryffindor's ankle, and her watching him carefully. "I'm not gonna bite you, you know," the boy finally spoke, seizing his massage and looked the girl in the eyes. "You're different,"she said quietly, keeping the eye contact. She looked like she was trying to figure out a difficult puzzle. "Meaning?" Draco asked, raising an eyebrow. "You're talking to me, touching me and you're being nice to me. And not once did I see that disgusted look on your face, while you did those things," she answered, her voice even more quiet. Draco's face suddenly fell. He looked away from her and took a deep breath. "You know, Granger, it turns out it is a lot easier to see things as they truly are without my demented father putting ideas in my head," the blonde said slowly, still avoiding her eyes. "Is it now?" Draco felt her staring at him. He knew he would have to get over himself and do the right thing sooner or later, but he hoped the moment would happen