If I get enough followers, favorites (and please reviews!), then I may post the next chapter really fast! Hope you guys like this next Harry Potter Next Gen story! I haven't read many HP fanfics so I really don't know what all's been used or not, but I hope this idea is pretty new and original. Draco is a bit AU here, and this story shows that the part involving the Malfoys in the epilogue of Deathly Hallows never happened. Enjoy! I don't own Harry Potter " No, I'm sorry professors, Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy will not be attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He will be taught at home. Please do not attempt to further contact us" Neville Longbottom, Deputy Headmaster and head of Gryffindor house, stared at the piece of parchment. He could easily discard the information, saying the Malfoys were still pretentious fools who thought they could teach their kid magic better than a Hogwarts professor, but something seemed off about this reply. Neville grabbed his wand. It only took a simple spell to see that Draco Malfoy had not written this, but rather his son, Scorpius, had. He sat on this information for a moment, trying to decide what the best coarse of action would be. Neville had hated Draco Malfoy all through school, and had not been looking forward to Scorpius starting this year, the same year that Albus Potter and Rose Weasley and his own daughter, Clarissa started. So Neville thought briefly of filing this information away and telling the school that Scorpius Malfoy would be taught at home. He dismissed the thought at once, however. As much as he hated Draco, it was not his son's fault. Neville's first and foremost duty was the children. That included Scorpius Malfoy. Neville sighed. It looked like he'd be making a visit to Malfoy Manor this afternoon. "What the bloody-" Scorpius Malfoy stopped himself short when he looked down at his baby sister. "Sorry Aria." "Door!" Scorpius sighed and glanced toward the front room. "Yes, that was the door. You think it's Hogwarts again?" "Hoggywarts!" "Thought so too," Scorpius muttered as the doorbell rang again. "Answer the door, dang it!" Scorpius jumped at the sound of his father's voice. Draco Malfoy hadn't always been so angry with his children, but ever since his wife died… "Sorry Dad, I'll get it," Scorpius said, running to answer the door with his almost-two-year-old little sister toddling after him. Opening the door, Scorpius recognized the man immediately, though he'd never met him personally. Neville Longbottom, Deputy Headmaster and and Herbology professor at Hogwarts, and who was also the head of Gryffindor house, was standing on his doorstep. "Professor Longbottom," Scorpius said cordially. "Hello Scorpius. Mind if I come in? I'd like to have a word with you." "Um.." Scorpius glanced back at his sister, now banging her toy broomstick on a giant pot. His father was in his own bedroom, not to be bothered. "Sure, come on in. Aria, go play in your room for a while." "Me no want to," she said pouting. "Well do it anyway," he said in exasperation. Aria looked upset, so he told her in a softer voice, "I'll give you a cookie." That decided her. "Otay," Aria said, bouncing off towards the steps. "Have a seat then," Scorpius said, motioning Professor Longbottom to the couch. He had to move some of Aria's toys before sitting. "Where's your mother, Scorpius?" were the first words out of his mouth. "She died a few months ago," Scorpius said, unblinking. He'd gotten very good at saying this nonchalantly, even though it made him want to cry whenever he thought of it. "Oh, I'm so sorry," Professor Longbottom said, a crease in his forehead, "I hadn't heard." "It's okay, not many people know. We don't go out much," Scorpius said. he didn't mean to sound rude, only honest, but that probably came off as rude. He really just wanted Professor Longbottom to leave, before the man figured out that Scorpius wanted to go to Hogwarts more than almost anything else in the world, and that he'd sent in the answer via owl without consulting his father. "Well, is your father here?" Professor Longbottom asked. "No," Scorpius said immediately. "No?" Professor Longbottom was giving him a hard, inquisitive look. "No," Scorpius repeated. Unfortunately, Draco malfoy chose that moment to yell, "Did you get the door?" Scorpius grimmaced. "Okay, maybe he is here. Will you excuse me for a second?" Not waiting for Professor Longbottom's answer, Scorpius rushed to his father's bedroom, opening the door a crack. "It's someone from Hogwarts, Dad. I'm getting rid of them." He grunted in reply. Scorpius closed the door with a sigh. "Bubba sad?" Scorpius looked up. "Aria, I thought I asked you to stay in your room. Don't you want a cookie?" "My room on fire." "WHAT?" Scorpius grabbed his father's wand (which he'd stolen from him weeks ago, in fear of Draco's own safety), pushed his sister aside, and ran for her bedroom. The room was on fire, but the fire was green. "My gosh," Scorpius muttered, amazed. " Aguamenti!" Water shot from his wand, spraying the green fire back. He could hear his sister giggling behind him. "Aria, get out! Go in the living room!" There was the sound of running footsteps. Scorpius thought for a minute that it might be his father, and his hopes soared-but it was only Professor Longbottom, alerted by all the screaming. "My word!" he shouted, and got his own wand out to fight the flames, too. It took another three or four minutes, but the fire had finally gone out. Scorpius stood there, panting, his clothes scorched. "Professor," he said, "I think my sister is officially a witch." "I think you're right," Professor Longbottom said, bemused. "SHUT UP SCORPIUS!" Scorpius flinched. Professor Longbottom frowned and said, "Is you father taking care of you and your sister?" "This is my father's house," Scorpius said defensively. "He just lost his wife. Don't start in on him about something you don't understand." Professor Longbottom looked at him long and hard. "I know you sent that owl, saying you wouldn't be attending Hogwarts. But do you want to?" "It doesn't matter what I want," Scorpius said, seething. "I won't get what I want, because I'm doing what's right. I won't go to school and let my sister starve, or my father drown himself in fire whisky." "It always matters what you want, Scorpius," Professor Longbottom said. "If you really want to go to Hogwarts, then you'll go to Hogwarts. You can even bring your sister." "I can?" Scorpius was shocked. Since when could kids bring their younger siblings to school. Professor Longbottom nodded fervently. "From what I've seen here, she shouldn't be left alone at all, and not with your father either. But I can see you're good with her, even if she seems a bit out of control. Don't worry," he added, "that's normal. Kids are usually older when it starts, but magic this early is not unheard of. Hogwarts will help her too." "But I can't bring her in the boys dorm, and I want to be the one to watch her-" "Well, it just so happens we have a few more eleven year olds this year than we have beds. There isn't much space for extra beds, so we're reverting nearby empty classrooms to be bedrooms. There's a way...that you can have a slightly smaller room to yourself." "Really?" Scorpius asked, trying not to get his hopes up. "Sure," Professor Longbottom nodded. "And various teachers will offer free child care while you're in lessons. You're not alone, Scorpius." It all sounded so good. But there was still one thing trouble him. "But my dad," Scorpius said desperately, "I can't just leave him. I won't let him end up killing himself over this." "I have connections at St. Mungo's," Professor Longbottom told him. "We have hospice nurses that will be by routinely to check on your father. You'll all be taken care of. Doesn't that sound good?" It sounded wonderful. There had to be a stipulation. "What's the catch?" Scorpius asked him suspiciously. "No catch," Professor Longbottom promised. "We just want what's best for your family." "Then I want to go to Hogwarts." Professor Longbottom gave him the smallest of smiles. "We look forward to seeing you in September, then. You can make it to get your things from Diagon Alley, I trust? And get to Kings Cross Station?" "I can," Scorpius said, though he dreaded these two trips. He'd have to go to Gringotts to get the money from his family vault and to all the other shops, with a rowdy two year old trailing behind, whom he'd be having to watch constantly in case she decided to burn the whole street down. Then he'd have to travel through London, no cars or anything, with Aria and all their belongings, to Platform 9 ¾, and make sure they got through unnoticed, before finally boarding the train itself. "Alright then," said the professor, gathering his muggle coat and heading towards the front door. "If you need anything before then, don't hesitate to ask. And I am supposed to enforce that magic is forbidden from this point on until you get to Hogwarts, but using your father's wand…." Scorpius stared. "Professor," he said, startled, "are you giving me unauthorized permission to use magic, should a situation present itself?" "I'm doing no such thing," he said sternly. "I'm just implying that it'd be impossible to prove that you'd done it, with your father's wand. Only if something like today happens again, of course." "Of course," Scorpius said, almost smiling now as he opened the door. "Thank you sir." "I will see you on September the first, Mr. Malfoy." "You have to be careful today, Aria," Scorpius told his little sister as he lifted her in his arms. "When we get to Diagon Alley, I don't want to see a single fire." She giggled and started playing with his hair. Scorpius rolled his eyes at this and grabbed a handful of floo powder. "Hold on tight, Ari," he said, then yelled clearly, "The Leaky Cauldron!" It was incredibly difficult, using the flop network while trying to hold a squealing baby. Aria had started coughing as soon as he let the powder fall, and Scorpius was afraid he'd end up falling on top of her. Luckily, this was not the case. Scorpius fell out the fireplace in The Leaky Cauldron head first, Aria struggling to get out of his arms, clutching her tightly on top of his chest. "Made it," Scorpius coughed. "Bubba let go!" Aria said angrily, hitting him upside the head with her tiny fists. "Stop it," Scorpius demanded, standing up and wiping the ash off both of them. There was hardly anyone in The Leaky Cauldron, thankfully, and Scorpius managed to get out the backside without stopping to talk to any of the few staring customers. He tapped the correct brick with his father's wand and watched as Diagon Alley appeared in front of him. Aria sniffed miserably as they approached Gringotts Wizarding Bank and walked inside. When Scorpius had told his father he and Aria were going to Hogwarts, he hadn't replied, only took another swig of fire whiskey. Scorpius had asked where their Gringotts key was, and he'd grunted again, pointing towards a small silver box on his dresser. Scorpius hasn't visited his father after that, except to bring him meals. He had a feeling Draco was angry Scorpius had decided to go to Hogwarts in the first place, and even more so that he'd decided to drag Aria off with him. "Your key?" Scorpius rummaged in his pocket before handing the slightly intimidating goblin his father's key. "Ah, a Malfoy," said the goblin, looking over the key. "Follow me then." Scorpius had a difficult time keeping Aria from leaning over the rails of the cart as