1. THE BETRAYAL Disclaimer : I don't own Harry Potter. A/N : Harry is 1 year older than Eric in this story. Charles and Dorea Potter did not die in the death eater raid on potter manor. In that raid reinforcements arrived very quickly, so the Potter manor was unharmed. In this fanfiction Instead of Lily and James Potter dying on the Halloween in 1981 Dorea Potter died. Both Eric and Harry received blood protection after her death. In fanfiction I am using the fact that ¼ soul remains with the recipient of the blood protection(soul doesn't fractures and makes a Horcrux, it's more like it gets copied) . Harry was sorted in Slytherin while Eric ic was sorted in Gryffindor . In Eric's first year, the Philosopher's stone was stolen so Dumbledore had to use a replica. Enough information for the moment! Enjoy and forgive me for any mistakes!. In the dark and gloomy Chamber of Secrets, there was a body was crawling towards water. Many will wonder why someone was crawling on the floor. Well, his name is Harry Potter, the first son of James Charles Potter and Lily Potter nee Evans, as well as the brother to the famous Eric Potter, "The Boy Who Lived". On October 31, 1981, Lord Voldemort attacked the Potter residence at Godric's Hollow. The Potter residence was under the Fidelius Charm with Peter Pettigrew as their Secret Keeper. But Peter Pettigrew was also a Death Eater, so as soon as he received the position of Secret Keeper, he told Lord Voldemort the location of the Potter house. When Lord Voldemort attacked their home, Lily and James Potter were attending a Ministry ball and only Dorea Potter was at home to babysit the children. No one knows what happened in there, but the outcome was that Lord Voldemort was vanquished and Dorea Potter was killed. Both children were left mostly unharmed, with an 'L' shaped cut on the forehead of Eric while Harry had a lightning bolt shaped cut on his chest. The next day, Eric was hailed as "The Boy Who Lived" while Harry was forgotten. 'Damn, looks like my luck has run out. But I have to do this...' Thought Harry. He reached forward and picked up a black diary. He tried to sit down but promptly fell and almost passed out due to pain. After a couple of failures he was successful in sitting down. He picked up the diary and thought about how he reached this situation. -FLASHBACK- Harry was moving towards the dungeons in deep thought. He was one of the main suspects in opening the Chamber of Secrets after being proven to be a Parselmouth during the dueling club. Today, a student had been taken to the Chamber, and due to his status as a Slytherin and a Parselmouth, he was once again made a prime suspect; even though he had been in the Great Hall when Ginny Weasley was taken. 'Looks like I am going to be made into a scapegoat for this whole Chamber debacle,' thought Harry. "Harry!" His neck snapped towards the direction of the sound so quickly that he almost received a whiplash. "Harry , thank Merlin we found you!" said Lily Potter. James Potter was standing beside her trying not to sneer at him, though it was a losing battle, and his sneer was getting more pronounced by the second. Harry, on the other hand, was trying to say something but his mouth had stopped working and his brain was going trying to reboot itself. After getting himself under control, he thought about whether or not to kill these imposters. But he decided that they are not imposters, as everyone knows that his parents hate him, so no imposters would act like this. The Lily and James Potter he knows haven't called him son or called him by his name for about 5 years. And last time they were face to face, James Potter was using the Cruciatus curse on him for being sorted into Slytherin. And he hated them both for neglecting and abusing him. But even with all the hate in his heart, he couldn't help but try to gain their recognition and make them proud. And after hearing Lily Potter call him by his name, he couldn't stop the tears from gathering in his had stopped calling him by his name or 'son' years ago. "Yes mum, do you need anything?" asked Harry. James and Lily Potter exchanged a look and James moved forward and placed a hand on his shoulder. "Son, I know that we neglected you in past and said hurtful words to you after your sorting in Slytherin. We are very sorry for that, but you are still family. And I hope you consider us family too." "Why did you change your mind? The last time you talked to me was when you were using Cruciatus curse on me," asked a suspicious Harry. "We were looking at our past actions and decided that we made a huge mistake by neglecting you. So we decided that we will try to mend the bridge between you and us. Believe me, Harry, I am very sorry. Please forgive me, son." Lily Potter begged. Harry started crying and his heart was beating at a very fast pace with joy after finally being accepted into the family. Whatever hate and resentment that he had for his parents was suppressed by the love he felt for them after they apologized to him. "It's okay dad, mum, I will always consider you as family," said a very emotional Harry. James Potter had to work extra hard to use his Occlumency to suppress the sneer on his face. Then Lily Potter started crying and mumbling about having only one son at a time and cursing fate for being so unfair. Harry was only able to pick up the words "Eric" , "chamber" and "die" . It didn't take very long to him to come to the conclusion that Eric had gone into or was going into the Chamber of Secrets. Even if he hated Eric, he was not going to let him die after finally being accepted into the family. "Dad, what happened to Eric? Is he alright?" asked a very concerned Harry. "He is alright, son, but he has sworn on his life and magic that he will enter and save Ginny. But only a Parselmouth can enter the Chamber, and sadly, he is not a Parselmouth. He is going to die as soon as Ginny dies." James explained. Then he too, started to cry about Eric having to die due to his foolishness. If Harry was in his right state of mind he would have been able to connect the dots and come to the conclusion that they were lying. The timing of this whole situation was very inconvenient. And there was no way Eric would have made such a vow to save his fangirl. It was also strange that James and Lily Potter were spending time with him, their hated Slytherin son, instead of their beloved son. But sadly, after reaching his lifelong dream of being called "son" by his mother and father and being accepted into the family, he was not thinking clearly. "Don't worry dad, I am a Parselmouth and I should be able to open the Chamber. I will help him to fulfil his vow. Do you know where I can find Eric? We don't have much time," questioned Harry. "Yes yes, we don't have much time. Meet Eric in 30 minutes at the second floor girl's bathroom. Go, boy, go! What are you still doing here!?" James shouted. Harry was momentarily stunned by the change in his father's attitude and then thought that it was due to Eric being in danger. He ran towards the dungeons, and when he reached the Common Room gate he gave the password and ran towards his room. In Slytherin, all second years and above have the choice to live in the dorms or have their own rooms. The social standing in the House can be seen by the state of one's room. At the moment, Alistair Crow was the unofficial leader of Slytherin. His room was the most expanded and luxurious room in Slytherin. Even though he is from a minor Pureblood family, he is bribed a lot to help in solving intrahouse matters. This year, Draco Malfoy bribed Alistair with an expensive carpet and couch for getting him onto the Slytherin Quidditch team. Harry's room consisted of a comfortable bed, a couch, a study table in a corner, and a small bookshelf. Overall, his room lacked any extravagant decorations but gave a homely feeling. Harry quickly collected the things he thought were necessary for his trip to the Chamber. He took a healing and pain relief potion that he had nicked from the hospital cupboard. He also took his invisibility cloak that his grandfather had bought him. His mind wandered towards his grandfather, Charles Potter. His grandfather was the person he loved and respected the most in his life. Ever since his parents started neglecting him after Eric was named "The Boy Who Lived" , his grandfather took it upon himself to raise him. After the death of his grandmother, Dorea Potter nee Black, on that fateful day, his grandfather's health started to deteriorate. Charles lost his will to live but after seeing James neglecting Harry, his grandfather decided that he would not die before raising him and a giving House Potter a proper heir; he wouldn't let Dorea's sacrifice go to waste. According to the doctors his grandfather wouldn't live for more than 3 more years. He stopped his daydreaming and decided to concentrate on the current situation. He decided that he had all things he would need in the Chamber of Secrets. He put all the things in a backpack and put it on, but as he was about to open the gate, a stray thought struck him. He quickly put the backpack on the bed and locked his room and quickly put up a proximity sensor ward. He pushed his bed to the side and started to tap a sequence on the stone floor. After about 20 taps, there was a low clicking sound and he pushed a stone to the side. This secret storage was the work of more than 15 hours of visiting libraries and reading different tomes related to secret storages. In the storage there was a blood red stone sitting on a silk cloth. Harry was momentarily stunned by the beauty of stone and then shook his head to clear his thoughts. No matter how many times he saw the stone, he was always stunned by the beauty of it. Harry placed the stone in the lower pocket of his robe. It was charmed to be invisible to others and was protected by a password in Parseltongue. He was taking the stone with him because of its healing properties. He still laughed sometimes after remembering how he unknowingly stole the stone. Last year, he had been planning to take revenge on Dumbledore for ruining his childhood by encouraging his parents to neglect him, by saying that Eric needed all the love he could get; going as far as to suggest dropping him off at the Dursleys. It was thanks to the timely intervention of his grandfather that saved him from it. When he reached the front of the mirror after passing all the traps-which were ridiculously easy-he thought that the mirror was the item Dumbledore was hiding, so he quickly shrank it. It almost drained him to shrink the mirror, which confirmed his theory that the mirror was the item that Dumbledore was hiding. He decided to show the mirror to his grandfather and ask him about it. He went to the Potter manor using Snape's floo. When he showed the mirror to his grandfather, he had tears in his eyes after looking