A Visit from the Future Summary: Harry gets a visit from someone from the future... not jsut someone, someone... but a Malfoy. A malfoy who just witnessed the death of everything magic. Antoine Malfoy is anything but ordinary, trained to fight and kill at a very young age, he was sent to the Past to protect harry who was killed before he could start his horcrux hunting. together they will go on this mission and destroy Voldemort together. Disclaimer: Hp does not belong to me it belongs to J.K. Rowlings… Antoine is mine however Chapter 1: How Harry met a person from the Future. July 2198 Explosion wracked the building and the whole structure shook as the people inside tried to defend it with their lives, people were being shot at and there was many dead people in their wake. The people attacking them walked in groups shooting at the people defending their territory and they were losing ground fast. Inside the control room, there were people hurriedly moving on panels and there was one man who was on the controls glaring at the screen. It was annoying these muggles were annoying. "Status report," snarled the man. "The muggle army are steadily coming inside, most of our men have been wiped out, they are heading his way commander," said one of the men in the controls. "Shall I call on a retreat?" "No need, we are clearly surrounded," said the man and then stood up. "Prepare the time potion; it is time we fix this mess…. Send in Lieutenant Malfoy immediately." Sitting down he stared at the paper and then sighed as he penned a few more words down and then soon a blonde haired man entered and then stood straight and then he saluted the commander. He was around the age of 17 and all through his life; he knew nothing but be trained to kill since he was born in this stupid wizard-muggle war. This had been going on since 200 years ago. "Lieutenant Malfoy, I am sending you to a solitary mission," said the commander. "You are to go back to the past and protect a boy named Harry potter, befriend him and protect him until he finishes his mission. Where I will be sending you, you will be in the same age as him; it would be easy for you to protect him. However you would have to use another name. Go by the name of Von Bielefeld… a Muggleborn wizard… yes I know but we cannot let our ancestors know… Here you will need this. Go now… the potion will be waiting for you in your room." He threw a shrunken chest at him and then he caught it and he looked at it knowing that it had all the fortunes of the Malfoys there. He pocketed it and then he turned to the commander and then saluted him and then saluted him. "I won't let you down commander, I will make you proud" said the young Malfoy and then turned around and left the room the commander then smiled softly at him. "You already make me proud my son," he said and then went back to concentrate on the war. The young Malfoy entered his room and then found the bottle there and then snatched it up and then noticed a diary there, it was the diary that all Malfoys have, it would come in handy when the time comes since it had there written everything that happened so far… that way he could prevent them from happening. Picking up the diary he placed it in his pocket beside the chest and then opened the stopper and then downed the potion. After waiting a while he suddenly keeled over and then grasped his heart as he suffered convulsions, afterwards his mind became blank and he knew no more. What he didn't know was that his body disappeared, and what he also didn't know was this his father and everyone else was shot in the head by the army and that an hour later every building that was deemed magical was blown up to smithereens… in that future magic had ended… forever. ~0~0~0~0~ July 1998 The young Malfoy woke up with a groan as he took around his surroundings, everything seemed different and he was on his guard. He sat down only to be greeted by a wand between his eyes and he had to go cross-eyed to look at the wand and then looked up to see that a man was pointing it at him. "Ei, who are you?" he asked. "You look fancy enough to be sleeping on the ground." The young Malfoy looked around and spotted people sitting there on the side streets looking dejected and dirty, he stood up and then went to feel his body and sighed in relief. His guns and knives were still on his person. He looked around the place and then turned to look at the wizard. "Please sir can I ask for the year?" he asked and this caused the man to look at him as if he had two heads. "Are you out of your bloomin' mind?" he asked. "This is the year 1998." "1998? Are you sure it isn't 2198?" the young Malfoy asked. "No its not," said the wizard. "Are you sure you are alright? Perhaps I shoulda' bring yah' to St. Mangos." The young Malfoy waved him off and then started walking down the street with a look on his face, he needed somewhere quiet to look into the diary and find out what he had to do… but first he would need a wand for himself. He knew how to use magic most of all wandless and unspoken magic but here everyone used wands… it would be safer for him to get one so it would look inconspiqous… but first lodgings and the diary. He stopped when he came across a wall and then blinked as he looked at it and then placed a hand on it clearly puzzled. He could feel that there was magic in the walls and that it was hiding something, he blinked when he felt a man come. He watched him tap the bricks on the wall and it moved and he passed through… the young Malfoy needed to study everything indeed. The young Malfoy soon found himself in the leaky cauldron in what he saw was an inn. He blinked as he walked to the bar and then stopped as he looked at him. Tom the barkeep paused on what he was doing and then looked up and down at the young Malfoy; he did not see him or his outfit before. "Can I help you sir?" he asked and then waited for his answer. "Yes, can I have a room for tonight?" he asked. "And some dinner and breakfast to come after?" "That would be 20 galleons total," said tom to him. "Galleons, of course," said the young Malfoy. "I will give it to you in the morning." Tom the Barkeep handed him the key and then motioned him up the stairs and then the young Malfoy headed up the stairs and then found his door. He slipped in the key and then closed the door and locked it. After that he headed to the bed and then sat on it and then pulled out the diary. Time for him to study he opened the book then started skimming the entries until saw the date and the word he was looking for and started reading. August 20, 2002 The muggles found out of the wizarding world, it is all thanks to Voldemort who thought that killing humans would make our world better. Because of him the muggles found out about us and started a freaking war, Because of this wizards and witches have to learn how to handle muggle weapons and machinery since their shields can shield out spells… we are technologically inept with handling them… It all started when Harry potter was killed in august 1998 by Voldemort and his death eaters during his transfer from Privet drive to Phoenix headquarters, they were going to use the sky but Voldemort and his men were ready and set off an attack in which case harry potter was kill. Because of that Voldemort steadily took over the whole wizarding world, the light were slowly subdued as the war escalated to high ends causing destruction on the muggle world as well. Because of this the muggles found out that our kind existed and thought we were a threat to them. Because of that they took to arms and this caused both the light and the dark to come to a standstill to fight against the muggles that are killing us. However, we are not prepared for muggles, a little bit of us are being killed every day, our lines are ending… we are at the brink of extinction if this keeps going… Merlin help us all Draco Lucius Malfoy New Lord of the Malfoy house The young Malfoy closed the book and then placed it on his bed and then sat down, now that he had a clue to where he was heading it was time to get to work. He pulled out the chest his father gave him and then enlarged it by tapping on it and then opened it, inside were chests upon chests and he pulled out one and then enlarged it once more and then took a sack and filled it with Galleons. He returned the chests to his place and then pocketed the sack of galleons and then smiled… it was time to shop. "Well shopping here we come, First off… dyeing my hair," said the young Malfoy. "So first off to the parlor." He pocketed the diary and then left the room and then headed back to diagon alley, oh he had a lot to do before he could finally meet and start on his mission. He knew he should change his look after all his mission was to protect harry potter, and from what he understood Malfoys at this time were Voldemort supporters. In addition, he knew he must not get in touch with any Malfoy as he was now… that would be very detrimental to the future, his future if you mean. His first stop was in Madame Sofor's salon where he dyed his hair black and styled his hair to look different and more elegant and after that he headed to Madame Malkin's for some suitable clothes that matched this era, not the army uniform he was currently wearing which he knew he would have to burn at one moment. After all there should not be any evidence of his being here anymore than necessary. He would also have to deposit his money in Gringotts for the meantime so he wouldn't have to carry this chest around and purchase a house that is as close to privet drive or on it as possible, he didn't know when harry would be moving so he had to act fast. After getting his clothes he went to Gringotts and opened an account under the name "Von Bielefeld" and came out with a briefcase with muggle money and a sack of galleons and then walked back, he would have to meet with a real estate broker to buy a house and all that but first a wand. He went to ollivanders and then entered it looking around and blinked when he looked at a wizened old man. "You… I haven't seen you before," said the man. "Come here for a wand?" "Yes, that is if you have anything suitable for me," said the young Malfoy. "It's not the question if it will suit you, the question is will it choose you," said Ollivander. "Which one is your wand arm… sir?" "Von Bielefeld, Antoine Von Bielefeld," said the young Malfoy. "Will this take long?" "It depends if we find the right