Unfinished Business: Shattered Pieces DISCLAIMER: The only thing that belongs to me is the plot SO PLEASE DON'T SUE ME! WARNING: This story is a continuation of Unfinished Business but is Deathly Hallows compliant. There will be lots of DM/HP slashy goodness in this story. So if you don't like boy/boy relationships, don't read this fic. It's that simple. You have been warned. Family Matters While in his bed at night, troubled thoughts plagued a restless teenager. As he ran his fingers through his wild raven locks to relieve himself of his self-induced restlessness, there came a knock on his door. "Who is it?" The young boy called out. "It's us," a small voice responded. "Shouldn't you be in bed?" "We couldn't sleep. Do you mind if we come in, just for a little while?" "Come in," the boy welcomed, hoping for a little bit of comfort for himself as well, or distraction. As his bedroom door opened, two small boys walked inside. The first, taller by only an inch, had short platinum blonde hair that flowed freely just past his ear. His currently stoic features magnified by his stormy grey eyes. The second boy, the complete opposite, also had short hair just reaching past his ears. Only he had wild raven locks like the teenager's, and his expressive bright green eyes freely revealed his troubled emotions. It was always like that with those two. They were like yin and yang, the id and the ego. Their emotions, like their personality, always complimented each other, just like their parents. "What's the matter Al?" The older boy said as the two younger ones climbed on his bed on either side of him. "James, you don't think our parents would ever separate, do you?" Al, short for Albus, replied. "It's just that, Scorp and I don't know what we would do if they ever did. I know your friend had no trouble choosing which parent to live with now that they're divorced, but we're not like that." "If Father and Dad ever separated we don't know who we would live with," Scorp, short for Scorpius summed up. The older boy, James, sighed at his brothers' dilemma. He related to their woes seeing as how he was contemplating the exact same thing all day. Ever since school had ended, James had been getting owls from one of his friends, revealing her troubled home life. It had been troubled for many years, starting from before she had even started Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Finding out that she was a witch when she came from two Muggle parents didn't help. Even though her mother had been very supportive of the whole thing, after having met some wizards and witches herself. Her father, on the other hand, had been a different story. Her father had remembered those disturbing times over a decade ago when good and normal people, meaning non magical people, had been killed by mad wizards who were trying to dominate the world. When he realized that his daughter was one of those kinds of people, he had blamed his wife, believing that she had infected his daughter through her association with those … abominations. The infighting with the couple had finally exploded when his daughter and brought home her boyfriend from school, a wizard. It was the last straw for the man and he had walked out on his family. Now her parents were divorced and she had opted to stay with her mother, considering everything her father had put her through. The only problem now was that James wondered what he would do if his parents ever decided to divorce. Who would he live with? Apparently, he wasn't the only one with these troubling thoughts. "Don't worry," James scoffed, showing a confidence not unlike his father's. "Our parents would never split. They love each other way too much to do that. Not even our aunts and uncles are as lovey-dovey as those two are." "Are you sure?" Albus asked, his doubt waning. "Positive." "You are so full of yourself, Malfoy," Harry Potter grunted within his room in his cottage out in the middle of nowhere. "Actually, I think you're the one that's full of me, Potter," Draco Malfoy smirked as he thrust into his lover, pushing him further into their bed. "Just say the magic words and I'll show you exactly why you can't resist me." "Just get on with it already," Harry panted as he gripped onto the sheets as his legs were pressed against his chest by the blonde's grip. "Not until you say what I want to hear," the blonde taunted as he pulled almost all the way out of Harry's entrance. "You're so evil," the green-eyed man scowled. "That's why you love me," the blonde smirked, pushing back into Harry with a slowness that drove his husband insane. Then he spread Harry's legs apart and captured his lips in an intense kiss. "Please. I need you to fuck me," the shorter man panted when they parted for air. "I don't think I heard you clearly," Draco teased as he trailed kisses along Harry's neck. "Could you repeat that?" "Please Draco! Fuck me!" Harry practically shouted. "That's my boy," Draco said as he grabbed onto Harry's legs. "Now was that so hard?" " Yes ," Harry moaned as the blonde started thrusting into him, pounding against his sweet spot without mercy. "Please! More!" "As you wish," the blonde said, licking his lips as his desire for the man below him coursed through his veins. Draco wrapped one of Harry's legs around his waist while the other was draped over his shoulder. Then he grasped his lover's weeping length within his slender fingers and stroked it in time with his thrusts, electing delicious moans of pleasure from his lover. " Oh Draco," Harry moaned as the tingling sensations throughout his body had his eyes rolling in the back of his head. "I'm so close…" "Then come for me, Harry," the blonde whispered in his ear, nibbling on it as his thrusts became more erratic. "I want to hear you screaming my name." As if on cue, Harry came hard, screaming the blonde's name as he spilled his essence all over Draco's hands and their chests. Draco came soon after, the sight of Harry coming undone being too much for the blonde. Panting through their euphoria, Draco eased out of his lover before rolling over onto his back. Then he pulled the shorter man to him so that Harry's arm was draped across the blonde's waist. "Was that good for you too?" Draco teased as he ran his fingers through Harry's damp raven locks. "You're sadistic," Harry mumbled, burying his face in the blonde's chest. "That's why you love me," he laughed. The next morning, as Harry started waking up from his peaceful slumber, he felt something trailing down his side. "Good morning," Harry said to the blonde next to him, who was caressing his body. "Good morning, indeed," Draco smirked as he pressed himself against his husband. "Though, I know one way we can make it an even better morning," he said as he wrapped his arm around Harry's waist and grasped onto his member. "Draco, I'm barely awake," Harry pointed out, even as his body started reacting to the blonde's touch. "Don't worry," Draco said as he stroked his fingers along Harry's twitching shaft. "I can fix that." Despite his earlier words, Harry subconsciously started slowly grinding his hips against the blonde's groin. Draco groaned at the friction, his own member aching with a need for release. But just as the blonde prepared to thrust into his mate, there came a knock on their door. "Who is it?" Harry said as he tried to pull away from his husband. "It's me, Daddy," a small voice sounded on the other side. "Aren't we going out today?" Groaning at the loss of the delightful sensations against his length, Draco rolled over on his back as his lover got up from the bed. Harry then put on a robe to cover his naked body, and walked over to the door. When he opened it, he found a red-headed girl of nine years standing on the other side. "Of course, Lily," Harry said, smiling at his little girl. "Why don't you wake your brothers up so we can get ready?" "Okay," the girl beamed before dashing off down the hall. The moment Harry closed the door, he was spun around by a blonde who had a very predatory look in his eyes. Then he was pressed up against the door before his robe was pulled open and two pale arms slinked around his waist. "Draco, not now," Harry gasped as the blonde started rubbing up against him while lips trailed kisses along his neck. "We have to get ready to go." "I am ready to go," the blonde groaned before thrusting his erect length against Harry's thighs. "That's not what I meant, and you know it," Harry panted before the feel of the blonde's kisses had him loosing focus. Chuckling, Draco started nibbling on Harry's neck as he wrapped his lover's leg around his waist. Soon, Harry was lost in a haze of arousal as Draco started rutting against him. They were slow and sensual thrusts the blonde knew would drive his lover crazy with want. "Shower. Now," Harry commanded as he gripped onto Draco's shoulders. Smirking at his success, Draco moved away from his lover before pulling Harry with him into the bathroom. "I don't know why we waited so long to get the kids' school supplies," Harry said as he and Draco carried dozens of books in their hands. "Because you said that it would be easier to pack their bags if we bought their supplies closer to the beginning of the school year," Draco said as they placed all the necessary books on the counter for check out. "It was the same thing you said last year as well." "Well, next year, remind me how stupid that idea was," he said as he placed his books on top of Draco's. "You asked me to do that last year. But when I warned you after their letters came, you ignored me." "Well I didn't realize how much stuff we would have to be buying. After all, last year we only had to shop for James. Now we have to shop for Scorpius and Albus as well." "All the more reason why you should have listened to me," Draco pointed out as he leaned in closer to Harry. "Don't be so smug," Harry pouted before the blonde pecked him on the lips. Just as their small peck on the lips turned into something more, a new voice caught their attention. "Come on you guys. Stop sucking face so we can get my new broom," a new voice sounded. When the two adults broke apart, they turned to find James standing by the opened doors of Flourish and Blotts. Rolling his eyes, Harry started placing their books inside a bag with a weightless charm on it. Then he and Draco followed their son out of the shop. "That's your son," Draco commented, his arm wrapped around Harry's waist as they followed James down the street. "Are you kidding me?" Harry chuckled. "You're the one who's been spoiling him rotten his entire life. And you're the one who promised him a new broom even though he has a perfectly good one at home." "That old Nimbus is a thing of the past. They just came out with the new Firebolt," Draco said as he started getting excited. "But the Nimbus is our signature broom, Draco. Those were our first brooms when we went to Hogwarts." "Until yours got smashed by the Whomping Willow and Sirius gave you a Firebolt," the blonde pointed out. "I have to get him one, Harry. Don't you want him to win his Quidditch matches? He could get