I'll Be Loving You, Always I'll be loving you, Always With a love that's true, Always When the things you've planned need a helping hand I will understand, Always Days may not be fair, Always That's when I'll be there, Always Not for just an hour, not for just a day, not for just a year, but Always -Ella Fitzgerald Author's Note: You know, honestly, I originally wasn't going to publish this. I've always been terrified to touch Harry Potter characters. J.K. wrote them so perfectly that I've convinced myself that I would screw every single one of them up. But I have a very annoying friend who insisted that I tackle something Snape related (thanks, Tonia). Initially, my instinct when I finished was to send it to her and only her with the message, "if this ever gets out I will plaster your car full of sticky notes and put glitter all over your ceiling fans so that when you turn them on you'll sparkle like Edward motha-effin Cullen." But when I was re-reading it for the final edit (in proper English accents of course) I kept having flashes to the news in Manchester. I have friends and family in The UK. I've always had a fondness for everything British. Over the years, Brits have given the USA so many wonderful things…including J.K. Rowling and Harry Potter. And to know how much they are hurting right now hits me in a part of my soul that I can't soothe. I know the victims were all ages. Adults…it's hard enough, but teenagers and children? They were babies. They were innocent, much like we all were at some point in time. I started thinking about my young nephews, the older one who is currently reading Harry Potter (stuck in the fifth book because he can't get past Harry's teenage angst in it) and just how much I love them. And I cried. Lord, I cried. But then, as I always do when I can't find my way out of the darkness…I buried myself in my art. I can't do much. All I know how to do is entertain. Even if this fanfic sucks beyond belief…if it takes people out of the real world for even the slightest bit of time…if I make anyone feel even a tiny bit better, then publishing this will have been worth it to me. This is for the 22 people who didn't make it home from the concert on May 22nd. This is for those injured in the attack…the adults who lost children, the children who lost their parents, the children who lost their childhood. And everyone who is hurting right now. My heart is with England. My heart is with Manchester. It was a dreary day when he first met the child. The ground was saturated with a layer of moisture from the morning rain. Most people preferred the sun, but Severus Snape found a unique appreciation for the cloudy days. He enjoyed seeing the plush green grass sprinkled with droplets of water. He walked by a large puddle where two birds were splashing about in a playful manner. He watched a few more small creatures brave the water-logged park. They didn't seem to mind him being there, and he didn't mind their company. He hadn't expected any people to be out on such a grey day. In fact, he'd been counting on it. He enjoyed this weather because it gave him time to be away from the company of others, something he cherished. He harbored a darkness that no one knew about, which is why his solitary walks were of vital importance to him. A lot had been going on lately. He'd done things he wasn't proud of. He knew the path he was taking was goose-stepping him into misery, but it was a price that he had to pay for reasons unknown to everyone in his life. He'd been so lost in thought that he almost didn't see her across the way. She was pushing a vintage pram, no doubt something that had come from her husband's childhood home. He hadn't spoken to her in months. Her life with her husband James had been a whirlwind as of late. The two of them had been wrapped up in her pregnancy ever since they'd learned about it last year. She still looked just as striking as the first day he'd seen her when they were children. He remembered the way she'd smiled timidly at him and the way that her eyes sparkled with a mischievous glint. They had bonded over their dysfunctional families and the magic that life had to offer. Her friendship had meant the world to him. He had grown very fond of her, but history had taught him that people like him never got a happy ending. So he was content just to have such a charming girl in his life. Now that little girl had a family of her own, and though she was a different person, he still loved her all the same. He always would. He had every intention to keep walking. He wasn't sure what he would say to her. They hadn't really kept in touch since their fifth year at Hogwarts. By that time James and Lily had eyes for each other. James was abrasive and unkind to him. After one particularly trying altercation Severus had lost his composure. In a fit of anger meant to be directed at James he'd verbally lashed out at Lily. Their friendship had never quite recovered. He had assumed she'd hated him since that day. "Severus!" She called out to him. He waved politely at her, but his inner teenage boy was freaking out. What could she possibly have to say to him after all these years? Was she going to slap him? Knee him in the giblets? Don't be a git. He begged himself in thought. She pushed the stroller over next to him and then stopped to observe her old friend. "Hello, Lily." He managed to stutter out before the nerves took over. "It's been some time. How are you?" "James and I have been quite busy, as you can see." She smiled down at her baby. "Yes, quite," Snape answered politely. He knew better than to ask where her husband was. In fact, he didn't care. James Potter had tormented him ever since the day they'd met. Severus had been an odd boy. An outcast. He'd never really quite taken to people. Not until he'd met Lily. He never dreamed he'd be meeting a son of hers that wasn't his. He'd had this hope that one day Lily would realize that James wasn't her soulmate. She never did. "I'd like for you to meet Harry." She placed the palm of her delicate hand against her son's stomach and gently rubbed his little tummy until he smiled. He'd heard about Harry already. He'd been bitter about the baby when he first heard the Potters were going to have a little boy. Part of his anger stemmed from his unresolved issues with the boy's father. Ultimately he was jealous that he'd lost his chance with Lily. The other part of him was worried for the child. He worried about the upbringing in the world of wizarding, especially given that his father was an arrogant know-it-all. Trouble seemed to follow James Potter at every turn. When Severus first got wind of little Harry's name his first instinct was to ask if the boy's middle name was Richard. What a name that would be. Harold Richard. He could see the cruel nicknames the boy would be subjected to if he didn't have a proper middle name. Snape knew how damaging bullying was from first-hand experiences. He knew the scars from that lasted a lifetime. Once again, he was concerned about a baby he had no interest in. "Hello." Severus looked at the child uncomfortably. He tried his best to sound like he cared, but his initial reaction was telling him to run away. "Harry." He slowed his speech down to take in the first name. "Potter." He continued. He allowed the name to be drawn out slowly to see if he could get used to it. "Harry James Potter." Lily solved the mystery of the middle name. There went the Harry Dick theory, though, technically his father James could be a dick…so the name could still stand. "James and I…" And there it was. The dagger to the heart he'd been waiting for, "…we wanted him to have a strong name. After all, he comes from a long line of brave people." "Indeed." It was hard giving her standard responses, but he was afraid to say much else. He tried to think of small talk. He loathed small talk, but he wasn't ready to say goodbye to her yet. In a stunning turn of events, it was the baby that gave him the courage to continue. A butterfly landed on the edge of Harry's stroller. He giggled and reached out to try and touch it. "I see that he already has an affinity for nature...just like his mother." Snape smiled at Lily. "I thought the fresh air might be good for him. I needed some ingredients for a potion. James offered to watch Harry while I ran to get the things on the list, but I wanted to get the little nipper out for a bit." The baby didn't seem to mind the cloudy skies either. Severus wasn't sure whether to be impressed or annoyed. "You know, I'm quite skilled in potions." "I remember." She nodded. "I could offer you some assistance if you need it." He knew she didn't. She was just as skilled, if not more-so, than he was in the subject. "No, thanks. We're fine." There it was again. We . Them, without him. He tried not to let her see how much her words stung. "What brings you out today?" Lily questioned. He found it odd that after years of being shut out that Lily was suddenly interested in letting him back in. "Nothing particular. I come here on occasion to get new ideas for spellcasting." "You always did like your quiet time." Lily smiled softly. It thawed his heart a bit. "Not always." He regretted it the moment he'd said it. The only thing he'd ever liked more than his time alone was his time with her, and she knew that. He watched her carefully to see what her reaction would be. Her face tensed for a very brief second, but then she looked down at her son and all her anxiety washed away. It was fascinating to see how much hold the boy had over her. He took her pause as an opportunity to back-peddle a bit. "Being an only child does have its advantages. The silence one feels when there is no one around becomes a familiar comfort in an otherwise noisy world." Snape was familiar with more than just silence. There was a time he had known nothing but boisterous sounds. He could remember the nights his parents would scream at one another. They had been so loud. He couldn't take it. Sometimes he'd placed his palms firmly against his ears to try to drown them out, but it never did any good. Lily seemed to recognize the twinge of pain he was trying to hide. She reached out to him as she had done many times when they were younger, but then hesitated and pulled back. They weren't kids anymore. It wasn't her place to meddle in his affairs. Sometimes she regretted how things had ended between them. But it was time lost that they could never get back. She had her husband and her son now, and she loved them dearly. But what about her best friend? Though she had been deeply hurt by how he'd turned on her, she still loved him. She hated to see him in pain. "How