Disclaimer" I do not and will never own twilight characters! Summary: Isabella swan is a tenty-one-year old with no intentions of starting a family any time soon. She will be starting her first year teaching at Fork's elementary but it is one hot day in at the end of May she is walking through the mall with her brother Emmett and suddenly she finds herself the caretaker of a two and a half year old. Three and a half years after she obtains the child from a horrible situation the child's biological father returns. Crappy Summary but please read! (I decided to edit chapters 1-15 while also continuing the story! I decided I had to because my grammar sucked, still not grate but better! OH One major thing I changed was putting a date because I always lost track!) Chapter 1: Finding Ethan Bella POV Saturday - May 30, 2010 "Emmett? Why in the world did you drag me to the mall!" I questioned my older brother while he literally dragged me through the mall. "Because Isabella we have to enter the contest!" I groaned as softly when he called me Isabella but not only because of that, but also because I noticed he was nearly skipping through the mall. Seeing such a giant of a man doing such an act was as funny as it was embarrassing! I really did not want to be seen with him when he was acting like this, but he had a tight grasp on my wrist as he moved through the mall. I had no escape. "I want to win the jeep they are giving away! Oh! Almost forgot that there is a girl that is helping hold the contest. She is hot and who ever wins the jeep also wins a date with her! There is a guy as well so if a women wins it all works out, but it does not matter because I am going to be winning!" Emmett said with an extremely high sense of self confidence. I had no clue where he got the strange idea he had any chance of winning. Though...he had allot of luck with such things so perhaps he would win. It all made sense after he explained it. A couple of weeks earlier he had totaled his car and needed a new one. He had asked me for a ride and since we lived together and he was a bit annoying when he got persistent. Eventually I gave in and we ended up at the mall. Emmett was gym teacher at Forks Elementary, where I would be starting at the end of August. After moving back to Forks Emmett offered to let me a place to stay. He owned a rather large home with plenty of space. His friend had moved and offered Emmett the house. I did not know the whole story but it seemed like his friend had inherited the house and did not want it. Since I did not want to stay with Charlie I took him up on the offer until I could get a place of my own. "Emmett? Why don't you go find this jeep. I am going to walk around the mall. I'll call you when I am done to see where you are alright?" My big brother pouted but nodded once. "Fine...but I wanted to spend time with you while I win my jeap...pwease little sissy?" I groaned at the puppy dog face he was giving me. I ended up patting his cheek with a small smile. It had taken years to get over that look he gave me. "Nope sorry, go find your future jeep." I turned and walked in the opposite direction with a soft sigh. As I walked away I heard him whine but I continued walking and chanted in my head... Just keep walking... Do not look back... Just keep walking... I kept repeating this. I knew if I looked back I would not be going anywhere but to find the damn jeep! Of course I loved my brother and did not mind speanding time with him but we had spent the whole week together! I could tell right now he just want to prove how right he was when he won the jeep. Soon enough I was out of ear shot and wandered into a child's clothing store. Perhaps I would get my soon to be born niece and nephew a cute outfit. My brother Jasper had married my best friend Alice. At first I thought it was odd my brother was in love with my best friend but watching the two of them together no one could deny their love for one another. They were perfect for one another. Jasper and Alice married soon after her eighteenth birthday. Jasper was Emmets twin. They were nothing alike and no one could even tell they were twins. The only similarities were the height and the bright blue eyes. I was excited for my brother and could not wait to spoil my niece and nephew. Alice was eight months pregnant with twins and was on bed rest. Her belly was so huge she was unable to keep her balance. Besides the doctor wanted her on bed rest for the last month. We lived right next door to one another and I visited her as often as I could. I headed straight to the baby sections and smiled at all of the adorable outfits. 'this must be what it is like when Alice is shopping...hmm...I suppose it is fine. Maybe I will shop for babies and children s clothes instead of my own...Alice is always shopping for them anyway.' I laughed softly at the thought, a sheepish smile on my lips. My train of thought was broken by a child's whining and a mothers harsh voice. "Ethan! I tolled you to shut the fuck up and stop making noise!" The women growled out. I looked over at the situations. The words were spoken by a women with wild red hair and deep hazel eyes. The child she was speaking to was on the floor next to her leg. He looked to be no older then two. He had bronze hair and deep green eyes, it was hard to tell though because they were clouded by tears. "b-but mama...it huwts!" He held up his arm a bit which looked limp and bent in the wrong position. I had plenty of broken bones in my life and I immediately knew the toddlers arm was busted. "Shut it Ethan your fine!" She screamed at him, clearly losing her temper with the boy. She raised her hand, he immediately flinched seeing the movement. A loud clap of skin meeting skin sounded as the women slapped him across the face and the child fell to the ground. I gasped loudly. No one else was in the asle and I picked up my phone and called the police. Other wise known as my father. I told him briefly the situation before going to the child. I scooped the crying child into my arms before she could touch him again. "Put my child down NOW!" The women demanded, grabbing the arm that was holding the boy. I winced slightly. "No mother would treat her child like this! Now release me, or you will feel what he felt." I said back to the women who did not release me. She just raised her other hand to do who knows what. I held the child tighter and took my other hand and slammed my fist into her face knocking her to the ground. ' thank you daddy for teaching me to punch!' though at such close rang I had ended up hurting my finger. I would get it taken care of later. I had learned to defend myself thanks to my two older brothers as well. "I called the cops and they should be here soon lady." I smirked at her. She glowered and turned heading straight to the door, ready to leave. Thankfully a security guard came it, having clearly been called by the shop owner. "Grab her! She injured her child!" I demanded and he did just that. "What's happening here miss?" The security guard said walking over and holding the women in place. "This women was screaming at her child because he said he was in pain. His arm looks to be broken. She smacked him across the face and he hit his head on the floor." I clutched the small boy against my chest. He was clearly very upset and with good reason. The officer nodded with a frown. "Did you call the police?" I nodded. "Yes but it was the Forks police...my dad is the chief. I told him to call the Seattle police." I informed the man in front of me. As I held the child I realized just how small he was. What in the world had this child been through? "Good...I alerted the police as well and an ambulance should be here soon." He said turning to the women a few moments later. "What is your name?" He asked in a stern voice. "Victoria Volchok." She said in a clearly disrespecting voice. "My husband James will not take this sitting down." She growled out. The security guard sighed. "There are cameras in this store Miss Volchok and from what I can see the child is injured and if the video tapes prove this young ladies statement you will be going away for a long time. I would not make things more difficult for yourself." The officer said his voice just a bit above threatening. Around five minutes later two EMT's walked in, heading in our direction, followed by the police. "Is this the boy we were called for?" The man asked the security guard,motioning to the boy in my arms. The officer nodded as he passed the women off to the police. "yes, she helped him and his mother who slapped the child and possibly caused other injuries before arriving at the store." The two men nodded and walked over, trying to gently take the child so he could be treated. Ethan had another idea though. When he saw them approaching he grasped me tighter with his good arm and when they tried to touch him he screamed one word. "NOOOO" I immediately held him tighter. "Shh..its alright Ethan...do you want me to come with you?" I asked softly. I only hoped his name was Ethan. It was what the women was calling him. I looked to the EMT's and the police for permission, they nodded there head agreeing. I questioned the boy again because I received no answer. "Want me to come with?" This time Ethan nodded vigorously into my chest. "We will send an officer to the hospital soon." The police said to me. I smiled a bit to show I understood but did not answer verbally. As the EMT's lead me to the ambulance I questioned them quickly. "Can I call my brother to let him know whats going on?" The man nodded. "Sure." Once I was seated I pulled out my cell phone and dialed my brothers number. Wincing a bit as my bad finger hit the button. I brought the phone to my ear and my brother answered quickly. "Hey Bells, where are you?" "Hey Em...um...I am heading to the hospital...can you come down?" "Why did you break your arm again?" He questioned laughing softly. Obviously worried. He was so close but so wrong. "No...I will explain later. Take your ime but come soon alright?" "Alright Bells...as soon as they pick the winner I will come." I nodded even though he could not see me. "Alright. Take my car okay? You still have my keys right?" He agreed and said bye. He had the keys because he had begged to drive my car. Emmett was clearly worried but he knew I got into trouble a lot and I