Hello and thanks for even clicking on this thing! So, I've been pretty much a fan of LOTR for many years, mainly going through some on and off phases where I obsessed over it and then rediscovered it. Lately, I've been going through another one of those phases and I've actually been inspired to do a little oneshot. Now I understand this pairing is a little odd and may not have many fans but I decided to give it a go anyway. Why exactly? Because Eowyn is my favorite female character and Witch-king is one of my favorite male characters. Not only that, I love the whole bad guy and good guy couplings and the vaguely Beauty and the Beast flair I added to this. I've read a few fanfics where the Witch-king has his final words/thoughts but I also wanted to do my own little take on his character, actions and expand on them a little. Both Witch-king and Eowyn are kinda OOC in this but that was intentional since I was imagining them in a hypothetical scenario. This is also a onesided romance too so you can probably guess right away who's going to be the scorned lover. Also, lemme know if I got anything wrong since I am still brushing up on my LOTR lore. I also welcome constructive criticism in my reviews and I promise I won't act all butthurt if someone points out something I missed or made a mistake somewhere. I'm not perfect! Anyway, without further ado, read on! Drop a review if it strikes ya fancy but most of all, please enjoy! DISCLAIMER: I do not own the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy. But I do own this little plot :3 The Living and the Dead Sometimes, life would throw twists into affairs that no one could ever foresee. Such twists could redeem or condemn. They would never even cross the minds of the wisest of wizards or the mightiest of kings. Most of the time, whatever insecurities and wandering thoughts would be cast aside and treated as sprouting paranoia. They would be branded as senseless nonsense and their probability would be underestimated. Then, in time, it would resurface in one way or another and it would be far too late to prepare for or even answer. Instead, all would be stunned… "I am no man." The leader of the Nazgûl had paid no heed to the brave Halfling who had plunged that Westernesse blade into him. The enchanted weapon had severed Sauron's grip on him and made him as vulnerable as any other mortal man. Painfully, the wound stung him and pain held him captive and immobile before the warrior whom he had assumed was a man. When she had removed her helmet, revealing her long, voluminous, blonde locks that cascaded down her shoulders, the Witch-king of Angmar had seen that the prophecy of Glorfindel was indeed to be fulfilled. There were no lies about that prediction. Indeed, he would be untouched by man. But he had been toppled by a Hobbit and a daughter of man. Now, he knelt before this mortal woman. He was transfixed by this fierce warrior of Rohan. Anymore, it seemed that the pain from behind his knee dulled away to a mere afterthought as many realizations swamped him. This was, at long last, the end for him. No longer would he be enslaved to the Dark Lord. For the first time in many thousands of years, he would have peace. His days of inhabiting the borders of the realms of the living and the dead would cease. His eyeless gaze could only stare back at the brave shield maiden. As soon as she took her helmet off, he saw that she was beautiful. Beauty, especially the comeliness of women, was a concept that had evaded him since Sauron claimed his humanity and poisoned his mind ages ago but now that he was freed of his malevolent influence, he knew of it once again. She was so selfless, bold, strong and beautiful… Deep within his chest, an alien feeling stirred. The Witch-king was shocked by this sensation that welled up from within his unfeeling and shrouded shape. At first, he had no idea what was happening but then realized that he was somehow regaining some small piece of his mortal existence in his final moments. He had long forgotten his humanity but now that it was emerging once more, it felt comforting and relieving. There was a palpitation of sorts in the area of his chest where his heart once lain. Soothing warmth encompassed his dark form for as long as he gazed into her eyes and he became increasingly spellbound. This woman had to be a sorceress of sorts and he was almost convinced of it. Was she actually a Maiar who chose to fight him as a mortal and feign her true strength? Even as she raised her sword to plunge it into his face, all the fallen Ringwraith could do was hold still. She was ignorant of the internal transformation he was undergoing. He would explain none of it to her. He would not implore her to spare him. Rightfully, she had defeated him and the Witch-king would not rob her of her privilege. Instead, he welcomed his death with open arms. He would prefer no other lovely creature to kill him. " If only you could look upon my face, young rider," he thought to himself. He wished that he could extend this confession to her with his mind. "You would see a face filled with gratitude, peace and happiness. My heart also thanks you for you have made me feel alive one last time… Now, fulfill it." Then there was excruciating agony as the woman's blade had struck him. It was almost unbearable but that quickly subsided to nothing. Pain had metamorphosed to elation. Sauron's former slave felt true joy for the first time in the longest time. As of this moment, he would no longer have to answer to that great deceiver's beckoning. Once more, he would be his own man, even if he was deceased. As his regal helmet began to collapse in on itself, his gaze was still fixed on her. His body crumpled and withered yet his stare remained. The throbbing in his chest still persisted and it didn't wane which provided even more comfort for Witch-king as he ceased to be. His vision then darkened and a mere second later, he could no longer see his striking and youthful killer. Not too long after Ếowyn had stabbed the mightiest of Sauron's servants, he at last succumbed. His dark robes flattened and his armor, gauntlets and helmet had clattered to the ground as if there was never a body inhabiting them. She had thought he would resist the final blow but he did not. Instead, all he did was focus his shadowed and invisible stare upon her. It disgusted her more than anything else. It turned her blood into slush for as long as she watched him peer back with an eyeless gaze. There was no face in there that she could see but whenever she had administered the deathblow, she could've sworn she saw…someone. It was a very brief flash of a face that appeared in her head for a fraction of a second before it subsided. Ếowyn could barely identify the main features of that façade but she knew it was a man. It meant nothing to her though when she saw him perish at long last. She turned her back on the empty garb and shifted her attention on her mortally wounded lord and uncle, the king of Rohan. Out of the two kings who were in such close proximity to her, she far preferred Théoden to live and walk upon the Earth. (April 30) The death of her beloved uncle was hard enough for her to deal with despite her efforts in saving him from the Witch-king. She had grieved for him but she was comforted by the knowledge she had saved him from a far more terrible fate and avenged him. Ếowyn had prayed that this would be the last relative that she would lose for the rest of her life. Ếomer had survived the battle alongside her and she was at least thankful that her brother had at not become a casualty of the bloody struggle. If he had died alongside Théoden, Ếowyn wouldn't even know how to cope with the loss of her family. More than anything else, she wanted this conflict to end. To her great happiness and relief, it finally did at the Black Gates a little over a week after Gondor had been saved from the forces of Mordor. Tomorrow, Aragorn was to be crowned king of Gondor and she would be there to attend his coronation. She had also started to develop strong feelings for the new steward of Gondor, Faramir. Thankfully, she saw he was returning the affections to her. Now, she was meant to be happy. The future was bright and appeared promising and prosperous with the defeat of Sauron. Middle Earth had fought long and hard for this peace and the victors were fully entitled to seize the good times that lied ahead. However, bliss and peace of mind continued to elude the shieldmaiden. She felt as if a shadow was lingering above her, denying and depriving her of the relief she expected to be feeling. Ếowyn was not depressed or distressed but she had felt vexed and curious more than anything else. An unexplainable cold wind would send shivers down her spine and steal her breath away even when no drafts could get into whatever room she was in. Whenever she was completely alone for whatever reason, she felt that she was not truly on her own. It always felt as if someone was standing next to her as if they were a devoted guard. She had no clue what was the cause of this but she blamed it on the strange dreams she had been having ever since the deaths of Théoden and the Witch-king. In these dreams, she kept seeing a man whom she had never seen or met before. He never seemed to radiate a wicked or threatening aura in her reveries but his appearance confused her and left her wondering just who he was. Always, he seemed to be smiling at her but he didn't utter a single word. His face was gentle and affable. His eyes reflected love which perplexed her. Ếowyn never felt threatened by him in her dreams but simultaneously, there appeared to be something amiss with this mysterious gentleman. The man also appeared to be in his older years, perhaps even a little older than her uncle. Her mind had also been wandering back to the duel she had with the Witch-king. It was never out of her train of thought completely over these past weeks. Ếowyn almost found herself wishing that she could look back into his eyes as she ended his undead existence. A part of her wanted to see and relish the terror in him as she held his life in her hands. In the very ether of her soul, she had a feeling that if she was granted the luxury of looking into his eyes, they would not be reflecting desperation. Though he had no face, she had a feeling that he was not acting or feeling cowardly in his final moments. Rather, he accepted his fate and let it take over from there. Grudgingly and hatefully, she gave him some credit for that. It was true that he was a wicked and wretched creature but he was also once a man before Sauron had bestowed his gift onto him. He had freely accepted the ring but he had no idea of the disastrous consequences and repercussions. As a result of his shortsightedness, he became ensnared by the devious demon and