She put it off as long as she could. After all, if she pulled the little cord attached to the motor she could effectively still put the garage door up and down manually. Yes, it would be a thousand times more convenient if she could merely push the little remote control button from her car to put the door up and down automatically, but it wasn't the end of the world. Besides, Katniss had lots of other repairs that needed to be made around the house. A working garage door would just be a luxury at this point. And really, the other repairs—or more specifically, the repair men who showed up to do them—were a big part of the reason she had waited so long to call someone to fix the garage door. She'd had one too many encounters with very poor customer service and she dreaded another. With a scowl she recalled the men who had come to install the new hot water heater and tracked mud all through her house. Or the man who made suggestive comments to her the entire time he repaired her dishwasher. Even the quiet ones were usually late or took up her entire day. In general, she just avoided calling for a service repair if she could help it, choosing instead to try to solve the problem on her own. But after two separate Saturdays wasted trying to fix the garage door herself, Katniss finally broke down and called the only garage door company in town. It did not go unnoted by her that since they were the only company in town doing these types of repairs, she was at even greater risk of poor customer service. Sighing, she made the call and was told someone would be out the very next day. Pleasantly surprised, she made a note in her desktop calendar that said, "Garage Door Repair!" and underlined it three times. If this was going to be her Christmas gift to herself this year, she may as well try to get excited about it. That night she talked to Prim on the phone. Since Prim had started her residency at the hospital, she worked erratic hours so she tried to call Katniss whenever she had some down time to catch up. It worked out well that Katniss worked from home, and could be available almost anytime to chat. Tonight Prim seemed exhausted, so Katniss offered to cut the call short. "You sound tired little duck; go on to bed and we can catch up later," she said. "I know, but I miss you and I feel like we never get a chance to truly catch up," Prim replied, with an uncharacteristic whine in her voice. "Well, it's not like you're missing anything here," Katniss said. "My life is pretty boring. Same old, same thing happening." Prim laughed. "Well maybe if you got out of your house once in a while you might meet someone," she teased. Katniss made an irritated sound. This was the same conversation they had at least once a week. "Okay, well how about you get out of the house and come see me instead?" Prim asked. "I'm off most of tomorrow morning. We could meet for breakfast or an early lunch if you want." Katniss sighed. "I'd love to Prim," she said. "But I have some stupid garage door repair person coming tomorrow. And you know how that goes. They say they'll call with a timeframe of when they'll arrive, but they never arrive on time. And who knows how long they'll fuck around once they're actually here. I'm pretty much stuck here all day." Prim laughed. "Well, you have fun with that. And call me if your garage door repairs don't take as long as you think. We can grab lunch before I head back to the hospital." "Sounds good," Katniss replied, but inside she knew it was very unlikely she would be able to meet Prim tomorrow. ….. Her phone rang at promptly 8 am, startling her from a deep concentration in her home office. "This is Katniss Everdeen," she answered, her usual response during business hours. "Ms. Everdeen? This is Peeta Mellark with the garage door company," came the response on the other end of the line. "I'm just loading up the truck here at the store and then I planned to head your way. Will that be convenient to your schedule?" "Um, yeah," she stammered, completely floored by his concern over whether or not it was convenient to her schedule. "Sure. I'm here. Just, come on by." "Great!" he answered enthusiastically. "I'll see you in about a half hour." Sure you will , Katniss muttered to herself after she had hung up the phone. When a repair person said a half hour, what they really meant was two hours at least. It was this way of thinking that led to her surprise when exactly 30 minutes later she saw a repair truck pull up in front of her house. And if she wasn't expecting them to show up on time, then she was really in for a shock when she saw the repair person get out of the truck. Now, normally Katniss was not the type of person to stereotype, but let's face it: she had recently had a long string of repairmen in her house doing different jobs. And all of them had been what you would consider a typical repairman. That is, they were all middle aged, slightly large around the mid-section, smelled like cigarette smoke and didn't seem to feel the need to hitch their belt a notch to prevent showing off their rear ends when they bent over. The man who was currently getting out of the repair truck in front of her house was anything but typical. The first thing Katniss noticed was the shock of blond curls and the fact that he was young. Quite young. Great, they sent Dougie Howser to fix my garage door , she thought. It's not that Katniss was old, exactly. But at 32 she was starting to notice that college kids looked younger and younger each year. And this man, or boy rather, who was walking up her sidewalk toward her front door, could not be a day over 20. Still, that didn't stop her from watching him from her spot in her office, which conveniently had a window that looked out over the front lawn. She braced herself for his knock and then, after a moment she stood and made her way nonchalantly to the front door. "Oh, you're here," she told him when she opened the door. "Yes, Ma'am" he responded, and a wide smile lit up his face, making his bright blue eyes sparkle. Katniss immediately scowled at the use of the word "ma'am." It made her feel every bit of her impending middle age and she hated it. She didn't look or feel like a "ma'am" thank you very much. His smile fell in the wake of her scowl, but he still had an earnest look. "I'm Peeta," he said. "Here to fix your garage door." "I know," she said, shortly. He bit his bottom lip then and looked away briefly before trying again. "So, if you could show me real quick what the problem is, I'll get started and be out of your way," he said. "Oh, sure," she agreed. "It's this way." She opened the door further to let him inside and then gestured for him to follow her through the house and out to the garage. Once there she pressed on the automatic button located on the wall to demonstrate the problem. The door made a grinding sound but didn't budge. "It only works about one out of ten times," she explained. "Otherwise I have to pull the cord to disconnect the motor and then lift it manually." She walked over to the heavy metal door and bent down to grasp the handle and lift the door. But before she could even start to heave the door up, Peeta was there behind her grabbing the handle just below her own hand. "Here let me," he admonished as her hand fell away and she allowed him to lift the door instead. Katniss rolled her eyes. "I can do it," she said with a little huff. But even she knew the heat she felt in her face wasn't just because she felt a bit patronized. There was something about the warmth from his hand when it brushed against her just. Even if it was only for a moment, there was something when they touched. "I know you can," Peeta replied to her evenly. "But if I'm going to repair it, I need to feel it moving on the track so I can assess the problem." "Oh," she responded, at a loss to say more. She watched as he examined the track and then the sensors that were supposed to signal the motor to run when one of the remote controls was pushed. Finally, he pulled the door partially back down and ran his hand carefully over each panel of the door. Katniss watched him the entire time, trying not to notice the way his shoulders filled out the dark blue t-shirt he wore, or the way his forearm flexed when he was moving the heavy door. She tried in vain not to let her gaze land on the back of his dark corduroy pants when he bent to look at the lowest panel, or to notice the slight stubble apparent on his strong jaw. "Unfortunately, I'm going to need to take the whole door down," Peeta said apologetically. Katniss could feel her jaw clench. It figures , she thought. She knew this wasn't going to be easy and it would certainly be expensive. Outwardly she only shrugged. "Fine," she said, trying to feign indifference. "Do what you have to do." "So I'll take this down, fix these two panels," Peeta indicated which panels with his hand as he spoke. "Then I'll reset your track and realign the sensors. That should take care of it." "How long will all this take?" Katniss asked. She was still hoping to meet Prim for lunch and now it seemed like with this much work to fix the door that was definitely out of the picture. "Just a few hours," Peeta responded, his cheerful smile back in place. "If you need to be somewhere it's fine. I can finish up out here and leave through the garage door. You can pay later." "No, no. It's fine," Katniss waved him off. "It was just lunch with my sister. It's fine." She started heading back toward the door that led into the house. "Just, um, let me know when you're finished." "Sure," he said. Katniss could practically feel his eyes on her as she walked away. Just as she stepped through the threshold into the house she turned back quickly and sure enough she caught his eyes darting away from her guiltily. She could hardly blame him since she had been checking him out first. …. The noise coming from the garage seemed disproportionate to the work that needed to be done, but what did Katniss know? Maybe it really did need to sound like the entire right side of her house was being torn off in order to fix one measly garage door. Still, Katniss couldn't really concentrate and it wasn't just the noise but her curiosity that drew her back outside to check on the progress. And Peeta—if she was being honest, she wanted to check on him again, too. She was more than a little surprised to see that he already had the entire door off and had replaced the track with a shiny new one, which she assumed he brought in the large company truck he drove. "Oh wow," she gasped. "You've done a lot!" He was kneeling on the ground, working on a hinge on part of the