Author's Note: If sibcest squicks you, I suggest that you turn back now (ornot read past the first chapter of the story). This is a collaboration between me and a friend, Jenn. I wrote for Faramir while she wrote for Boromir. Reviews are absolutely loved and welcomed (while flames will be happily used to make smores). Feel free to send Jenn a comment at jholsh1@towson.edu. This story takes place when Faramir is 15, thus, with the five year age difference, Boromir is 20. I absolutely promise that there will be more chapters to come as we are both completely in love with this story. So please keep reading! ~*~*~*~*~*~ The first rosy fingertips of the dawn were poking up above the horizon when Boromir saw the white battlements of Minas Tirith looming before him. Urging his steed onwards, he traversed the dew-covered Pelennor and rode up to the gigantic ironbound gate which opened up wide to allow him entrance. He looked around, smiling broadly to be back home, and immediately his thoughts turned to Faramir, who was undoubtedly fast asleep in the upper levels of the city. After retiring his horse to the small stables, Boromir ascended through the tiers of the white stone city until he finally reached his brother's bedchambers. He had not slept nor eaten for many hours, and was weary, but he still had to see his brother before any comfort could be given to him. Quietly, so as to not rouse Faramir, Boromir poked his head inside and let a small slit of the growing sunlight to pour through the door. Inside he could see Faramir curled up tightly under the pelts covering his mattress, and he smiled to see the contented, innocent image of his brother as he slept. Quickly and silently, he shut the door and promptly retired to his own chamber before he encountered the steward who would surely waylay him further from getting his much needed rest. Faramir opened his eyes slowly, his sensitive ears catching the creak of the heavy wooden doors as Boromir left. Still halfway asleep, he barely registered his brother's presence before he slipped out of the room again. A contented smile slowly dawned on his face as he slowly woke. It took him only a few minutes to shake the remnants of sleep from his head, and he leapt out of his bed immediately after, throwing off his dressing gown and pulling on one of Boromir's old tunics over his spindly frame. Without bothering to slip into his boots, he sprinted out of his room and down the stone corridor, excitement blinding him as he raced towards his brother's chamber. "Boromir!" he shouted, flinging the door to his room open without even an attempt at a knock. His eyes scanned the room eagerly, looking for the older man. Boromir jumped, startled to hear Faramir's voice piercing the still air that filled his chamber. "Faramir?" he said tentatively as he strode over to the opened door, stripped down to his brown leggings and weatherstained ivory tunic. He smiled and laughed, "Faramir, you should be asleep!" "I saw you leaving my room, and it woke me up instantly!" He looked Boromir up and down eagerly, taking in every detail of his deeply missed brother. "You look terrible!" he said amiably. Boromir narrowed his eyes at Faramir, causing his little brother to avert his eyes apologetically. Suddenly he grabbed Faramir and lifted him up in the air, spinning him around as he backed into his room. "Terrible did you say?" he growled jocularly. He tossed Faramir onto the neatly made bed that lay in the corner against the grey stone wall and tackled him, tickling Faramir in the ribs which jutted out sharply. "Hmm?! What'd you say I was?" he laughed. Faramir curled himself into a small ball and batted at Boromir's large hands. "Stop!" he gasped, laughing so hard that he could barely breathe. "Stop!" he pleaded again as tears began to stream down his cheeks. Boromir eased off of his attack on Faramir and ran a hand through his tousled reddish hair. "All right, all right," he chuckled. He swept his eyes over the bony frame that Faramir had, and he was startled by the thinness of his brother's limbs. Boromir jabbed at Faramir's ribs one last time in a concealed effort to find out whether he could feel the bones of Faramir's ribcage abnormally sticking out, which they were. Worry clouded Boromir's face, but he forced a smile and said "Miss me, my little rosebud?" He'd always called Faramir his little rosebud, because his little brother's cheeks were always rosy, just like their mother's had been. "Miss you? How could anyone miss a lout like you?" he bluffed, grinning up at his big brother who he adored more than anything else in Arda. "I rather enjoyed you being gone. There was no one to steal food from my plate or hide my bow and arrow just before my archery lesson!" Boromir looked back at Faramir somberly and got up, turning his back to the small figure that lay on his bed. "Fine then. Go away if you despise me so," he said evenly, his voice playfully tremulous with false emotion. Inwardly he wondered who it actually was who could have been stealing food from Faramir, since he was so skinny and gangly compared to the way he was a year ago. Boromir decided to concern himself with the matter later on, when he wasn't so tired and in need of rest. "Just go if you cannot tolerate my presence!" he joked, still not facing Faramir as he crossed his arms over his muscled chest. "Fine!" Faramir replied haughtily, "If you want me to go, I will." He climbed up from the bed, pretending to leave, but at the last moment flung himself at Boromir. He wrapped his arms tightly around him, embracing him from behind, and nuzzled his muscled back with his cheek. "I missed you more than you can ever imagine," he said quietly, his voice replete with affection. Boromir grinned widely and turned around without making Faramir remove his arms from where they encircled his waist. "I missed you just as much, Faramir," he said as he affectionately ruffled Faramir's riotously wavy hair with his broad hand. He stifled a yawn with his other hand and said "Oh, but I am weary. Can I go to sleep, my liege?" he queried, smiling as he looked down at Faramir's head where it rested against his muscular abdomen. "I suppose I can allow it; you look as though you are about to fall asleep standing right where you are," he said disdainfully, adopting the most arrogant voice that he could. He removed his arms from around Boromir so that his brother could finally lay down and take some rest. "Is there anything you require before I leave you to your peace?" "Not really, no, just some silence would be most welcome," Boromir said airily and absently as he approached his bed, falling forward into the soft mattress covered in wool blankets. He snored loudly in jest and opened one eye to look at Faramir who stood by the bedside, pouting. "Dismissed! That is, unless you are tired, too, and can not bring yourself to leave my glorious presence and will just have to steal my bed." His voice was jaunty and light, and he grinned again when he saw Faramir's face light up with glee. "I am feeling rather fatigued seeing as how I was awakened before dawn by an inconsiderate captain." Faramir couldn't help but smile, though, as he joined Boromir in his bed, pressing himself against his brother until their bodies were flush with each other. Boromir sighed dramatically as he nestled against Faramir. "Sorry about that, I had to see you before I went to bed," he whispered huskily. He poked the small of Faramir's back one last time before shutting his eyes and drifting off to sleep to the rhythmic sound of Faramir's steady breathing. Faramir stayed awake for a while longer, watching his brother's broad chest rise and fall in its steadfast cadence. He brushed a stray lock of sandy hair from his brother's face and gazed down at his masculine features fondly. Dropping a light kiss onto Boromir's regal nose, he rested his head on his brother's chest, soon lulled into a soft slumber by the steady beating of his brother's heart. *** The sun was beginning its descent back to the horizon before Boromir awoke, the yellow light pouring in through the tall slits in the granite walls falling on his pillow-marked face. Gingerly, he pulled his left arm from underneath Faramir's sleeping figure and stretched like a cat, cracking the bones in his spine as he did so. A cavernous yawn marred his features for a moment before got up and rummaged through a cedar wood chest, withdrawing a fresh tunic and pair of leggings. Casting a final glance over to where Faramir slept, he slipped into the inner recesses of his chambers where a bath lay drawn for him. On a wooden stool next to the basin were several bottles of scented soaps and oils sat. Boromir quickly disrobed and settled into the lukewarm bath, leaning back against the wall of the tub as he let the grime and dirt that had accrued during his journey home fall away. Boromir soaped up and dipped his head into the water, washing away the dirt from his strewn hair. Feeling sufficiently clean, he stood up and carefully dried off before slipping into his clean garments. Returning to his bedchamber where Faramir still slept soundly, Boromir pulled on his worn- out leather boots and made for the door. Before leaving he glanced back to where his brother lay and smiled. "I'm glad I'm back," he said to himself quietly. Turning, he departed and tromped up to the hall of stewards where Denethor awaited him. *** Faramir woke not a quarter of an hour later. He looked around the chamber in confusion, missing Boromir's warmth against him. He rubbed at his eyes and stretched in much the same way his brother had done. He climbed out of the bed and stumbled around the room sleepily before realizing that Boromir's favorite pair of boots was gone, as were the clothes that had been laid out for him. Still rubbing at his eyes, he shuffled out of the room drowsily. Figuring that Boromir had gone to report to his father after his much-needed rest, Faramir made his way to the throne room, completely unmindful of his sloppy state of dress, tousled hair, and bare feet. *** Boromir emerged from the throne room in an exasperated state of mind; it was not his idea of a good time to report every bit of minutiae to his father after a venture to the outlying realms of Gondor that spanned twelve months. He flung open the heavy doors and stepped out into the broad daylight only to see Faramir's bedraggled figure climbing the steps to the entrance. Boromir nearly collided with him but grabbed Faramir's thin upper arms to steady himself. "Faramir, you're awake!" he said as a smile brightened his rugged features. "I woke up and you weren't there. Naturally I hoped that you had finally decided to leave the city forever, but I decided to check here just in case." Faramir peeked around Boromir and through the partially opened doors. "Was father happy to see that you've returned?" Boromir ignored the query about their father and looked Faramir up and down quizzically with an amused glint in his eyes. "Faramir, are you aware that your tunic is on backwards, or have I been gone too long that I have missed this new mode of dress?" Blinking in confusion, Faramir looked down at his clothes, realizing that he had, in fact, put the tunic on backwards in his haste to see his brother. His cheeks