inja Wizard V By David Disclaimer: All characters belong to RK Rowling. They aren't mine. Author Notes: These characters [ ] indicate Japanese being spoken. Ninja Wizard V "Playtime's over, Mr. Potter" Harry's bad feeling that Minister Fudge's announcement to the public had been right as the hall exploded in shouts of anger and indignation. Harry decided that being someplace else would be much better. He stood up and quietly left the hall. A few people watched him leave. Hermione wanted so much to get up and scream at the people but she didn't knowing that wouldn't help things. She stood up with the others and used the agitated crowd to leave the hall without being noticed. Dumbledore noticed Harry's departure and inwardly he was jumping for joy. This could be the break he was looking for. Now, how to exploit it? The other champions pretended to congratulate Cedric Diggory but inwardly the were beyond furious at the reaction of the crowd. They would find Harry later. Hermione followed Harry through a painting that led them to a flight of moving stairs. "What are you doing here, Hermione?" Harry asked Hermione wrapped her arms around Harry. "Came to show my support of you." Harry sighed as he took hold of her. "You really are a true friend." "This isn't over yet, Harry. Something's up and I have a bad feeling that everything up to now had been playtime. I think we need to get people together and make plans," she said. Harry nodded at that. "That's what I was planning on. I need to write a few letters asking advice and see what certain people say, and then call for a meet of our friends. We talk about things, and then we go from there. You are right, Hermione. Everything up to now has been playtime. Now it's over and things are about to get very serious. We need to start working harder." They arrived at the dead end. The lady in an evening dress appeared in the back of the door and nodded to Harry. "Hall's clear. Tomotsu Miyamoto is expecting you." "Thank you Miss Janet. Appreciate your help," Harry nodded to her as she opened the door. Miyamoto saw them on the other side of the hall as Harry and Hermione emerged. He opened the door to Harry's private flat and they walked in. Miyamoto closed the door behind them and then turned to face them. "So, what do you wish to do now?" "First a cup of tea. Then I write letters. Then I wait for the replies. I call a meet and get opinions from everybody. Then I analyze everything and make a decision," Harry informed Miyamoto. "Your ultimate plan of action?" Miyamoto asked. Harry grinned. "Kick ass. Take names." "This should be interesting," Miyamoto observed. Hermione nodded in agreement. "Why not just start doing it now? Pick a known associate of the Idiot-Who-Can't-Be-Named and trail him for a week." "That's an idea. Lucius Malfoy is the most obvious target. See who he meets up with and post their pics on the war room wall. Get Sirius to profile them," Harry said. Hermione looked thoughtful. "You could always start with Crabbe and Goyle. See where that goes." "I do wonder if they are a lot more intelligent than their sons are," Harry noted the names. Only one way to find out," Miyamoto said. "I'll go ask around. I just might get a few more names for you. "I'll do it tonight after curfew." Harry and Hermione turned to look at Miyamoto in surprise at that. "What?" Miyamoto exclaimed. "Yes, us people in the pictures do get around after hours. I play poker with a group up on the fourth floor every Friday night. I talk to a few close friends I know here and there, especially Sir Terrence, and he was an immense help to me when I first got here ages ago. If there is anything you want to know or need to know, he's the one to go to." "English, likes cigars and brandy?" Harry asked. Miyamoto beamed. "That's the one. He's been here since the late 1700's. The oldest painting in the castle is up in the headmaster's study, and he was reputed to be the very first headmaster after the Founders. He doesn't get out much, preferring to stay in his comfort zone. I've left messages for him asking for assistance and so far, no word." "He can't or he won't," Harry said. Miyamoto sighed. "I think it's more of he won't. There is the possibility that Dumbledore fixed it so all the former headmasters can't say anything that goes on in the headmaster's study. If they could talk, I imagine they would have quite a bit to say." "Would be nice," Harry grumbled. "They only way to get in there is to be invited in, and there's always someone in there. It would take something major for a headmaster to call you up and then suddenly leave in the middle of the conference." Hermione sighed. "Okay, so much for that one. Until we get a lucky break, the school library, Sirius, and the generosity of the paintings are gonna have to do." "I know. I just hope that we can get some good intel from them," Harry said. Miyamoto nodded. "If you know how to ask the questions and when to ask them." "Very true," Hermione said. "I've learned that from Harry over time." Harry turned back to his small table and sat down in the Japanese style. "So now we wait. In the meantime, I need to write some letters." "I'll come back later this afternoon. I'm going to go and chat up some of our friends," Hermione said, heading for the door. "Good luck, love. Be safe," Harry said as Miyamoto peeked out. The door popped open and Hermione left quickly. Harry turned to his writing set and started his first letter to his Japanese family. He had a lot of news to relate. Headmaster's Office, Hogwarts. To say that Minerva McGonagall was steamed would be an understatement. She was boiling. And Fudge knew without a doubt that he was the target of her imminent wrath. He suddenly wished he was someplace else. He felt like he was a kid being called into the principal's office after having been caught throwing spitballs. Dolores Umbridge, his private secretary, a woman who looked like a toad and garishly dressed up in pink, very loud pink, inwardly grinned. She knew just how weak and ineffective he was. More meat for her blackmail file, and if he kept this up, he'd be the guest of honor at his own ass roasting. "Umm, Miss McGonagall, ah, if we can just calm down a moment…" he began but then shut up quickly as McGonagall turned around and glared at him with fire coming out of her eyes. "Of all the idiotic, dumb, and stupid stuff you have ever done, that was the worst! You could have done it a bit differently!" she roared. Umbridge had no doubt that Fudge could hear that. It was louder than the clink of gold being dropped into his fat sweaty palms. Fudge shifted his position. "How?" "By announcing Diggory as the winner and keeping shut about Harry being the one to share first place. Kept it to yourself about the prize money going to Potter. Giving him his thousand galleons up here in the office. Now I must do something to calm everybody down. As it is by good fortune that Potter doesn't have to sit his end of year exams, I suggest that he be released from the school two weeks earlier so he doesn't have to deal with everybody here. I am sure he has his summer plans all drawn up and that he will be just fine," McGonagall said. Fudge scratched his face for a moment as he thought about what McGonagall just said. "Perhaps that would have been the better course. All right, please call him up here so I can give him his money and we will inform him that we are dismissing him early for his summer holiday early." McGonagall headed back to the big desk in the center of the room and sat down. She wrote the note and handed it off to Fawkes and he disappeared in a ball of flame. He found Harry at his low table writing letters. Harry looked up the moment Fawkes flamed in. He sat up with a smile. "Fawkes! Hello to you my friend," Harry reached out for the magnificent bird and gently petted him. Fawkes trilled happily and fluffed up his feathers in pleasure. He loved it when he went to visit Harry. He could always count on getting a warm welcome from Harry. Fawkes relaxed for a moment and then remembered his mission. He dropped the envelope on the table in front of Harry. He picked it up and looked at it. He noted the handwriting and knew at once it was from McGonagall. He opened the envelope and pulled out the note and looked it over. "McGonagall wants to see me in her office." "Best to not keep the lady waiting, Harry. I'll pass the word," Miyamoto said and went to the large painting in front. Harry stood up and reached for his leather jacket that he had been given and pulled it on knowing it was sometimes cold and drafty inside the castle. He glanced at the clock on the wall by the door as he slipped out the door. It was late morning and he was glad he was able to send off the last letter before having to leave. Harry stuck to the shadows and listened to the talk as people passed him, all of it not good. He decided to ask if he could leave now and not wait for the leaving feast in two weeks like he had planned. "I'm not running away, it's more of a discrete retreat," Harry reasoned to himself. "Anyone who's smart could see that. Besides, it's in the Book of Five Rings and Sun Tzu's writings." Harry watched as Slytherin house passed by led by Snape himself heading back to their commons room. Harry briefly debated pranking them before leaving and shelved that idea. He needed his head to be clear for the encounter that was awaiting him in the headmaster's office. He passed other people as he moved through the shadows. Getting to the gargoyle that guarded the entrance to the headmaster's office, he wondered if there were other exits if this one was compromised. Interesting thought. He'd have to explore that thought much later. The gargoyle glared down at him. "McGonagall's Lions," Harry said. The gargoyle sighed and stepped aside. Harry grinned at it and headed up the stairs. It wasn't moving today and Harry was okay with that as he preferred to walk up. The exercise would do him good. He got to the thick wood door and knocked. The door opened of its own accord and Harry looked in. He was surprised to see Fudge and Umbridge there with McGonagall. This should be interesting. "Lady McGonagall," Harry said as he bowed. McGonagall nodded to him. "Do come in Harry. We need to discuss things." Harry walked in and the door closed behind him. Other than the things that was obviously McGonagall's, the place hadn't changed much. "Ah. Good evening Mr. Potter. So, nice to see you," Fudge began as Harry turned to him. "I must apologize for creating a bit of trouble for you down there this morning. I should have thought to speak to Miss McGonagall beforehand but I wasn't thinking. So, now here we are. I am here to present you with your one thousand galleons and my congratulations on sharing first place with Cedric Diggory." Fudge placed the bag in Harry's hands and nodded to him. "Now, seeing as to how my little announcement has