T.A. 2933 Ivorwen closed her eyes and leaned back so that her head rested against the rough stone wall of the Chieftain's main chambers, letting the debates of the Ranger captains wash over her in a barely discernible flurry of words. The most important matters of the council meeting had been dealt with already, and she was impatient for it to be done. After Lady Adanel's last pronouncement she barely trusted herself to keep her peace, and it would not do for dissent to be voiced from the sidelines of a council meeting. She heard muffled thud of a fist pounding on the table in the center of the room, and her eyes snapped open as she focused in once more on the raised voices. The meeting was concluding as it always did with simple matters of trade and supply, but it seemed that even those could not be discussed without the council falling into chaos. "There is no reason to alter the routes, not if the Dwarves are content…" "Orcs have never been in greater numbers, and we cannot trust…" "When have we ever been able to trust the safety of the roads? Changing things now would only attract greater attention…" "If Arathorn were still Chieftain this would not even be up for discussion!" A Ranger captain named Findroch had risen in anger and pointed at the woman at the head of the table. "You know nothing of life in the Wild, nor how to judge these kinds of decisions…" "Enough!" Lady Adanel was on her feet, and the room fell silent. "The votes have been cast. The trade routes shall stay as they are for the coming year." She turned her icy gaze to Findroch. "And if you ever presume to speak to me in such a manner again, son of Meldroch, it will be the last time you speak at this council. Do I make myself clear?" He stared back at her with furious defiance, but nodded briefly and took his seat once more. "Is there anyone else who has matters they wish to bring before the captains' council?" The question was met with silence. "Then we are adjourned." Stone cracked against the table, and Ivorwen let out a breath she didn't realize she had been holding. She rose from her place on the benches against the wall and sidestepped a small handful of captains who had gathered around Findroch, muttering darkly. She saw Dírhael briefly murmur something in Adanel's ear, his hand resting on her arm in encouragement, before he bowed and turned back towards Ivorwen. "Let us get home, and quickly," he said in a low voice, "the last thing I need is to be caught up in the aftermath of all of this." "Hear, hear," Ivorwen muttered dryly, and opened the door for her husband as they stepped out into the night. The first half of the walk home was silent. The couple waited until they were well out of anyone's earshot before beginning their usual debrief. "And here I thought that Findroch would lose his temper over something that actually mattered…" Dírhael shook his head. "They were spoiling for a fight. It was only a matter of time." "But the trade routes?" Ivorwen asked in disbelief. "If anything were to have caused a stir, I would have guessed it would be the matter of the harvest festival. No one was expecting her to propose we hold one this year." Dirhael raised his eyebrows but did not answer, and it was not until they reached the threshold of their cottage before he spoke again. "The festival…you do not approve." Ivorwen pursed her lips. "It is not for me to approve or disapprove. The council has spoken, and that should be enough for the best of us." "And yet you do not approve." Dírhael's eyes twinkled. "I know you well enough to recognize that look." She ignored her husband, busying herself instead with lighting the candles in the center of the room and setting the kettle over the hearth. "Would you like some tea? We still have the last of the brew that Finnael sent along…" "Come now, Ivorwen," Dírhael urged. "We are no longer in council, and a fine state we would be in if you could not voice your concerns to your own husband." Ivorwen sank into her chair beside the fire and sighed. "I do not think the time is right. It has barely been two months since Gilraen—Arathorn's grave is still fresh, to say nothing of the other men who were lost with him. What message does that send to those who still grieve?" "Will the time ever be right?" Dírhael asked. "Harvest-time comes but once a year, and the crops are plentiful. It has been four years since we've held a festival—the tradition has been broken long enough, don't you think?" "It's disrespectful," Ivorwen snapped. "It is not fitting to indulge in such frivolity so soon—not while we still mourn our dead." Dírhael turned to her, his face sorrowful. "Have we not mourned enough, my dear?" Ai, indeed we have. Ivorwen did not speak the words aloud. Her eldest son, Dirlaeg, had been killed along with Lord Arador and a half-dozen other Rangers hunting a troll on the eve of the harvest festival three years before, and the feasts had been cancelled as the Dúnedain buried their Chieftain. The following year plague had swept through half the surrounding farms, and last autumn the harvest had been so meager that no one had felt much like celebrating. And now we face the death of a second Chieftain, with my daughter and grandson sheltered in Rivendell because we cannot protect them. Shall our losses only increase with each passing year? "Lady Adanel has suffered as much as the rest of us, if not more," Dírhael reminded her gently. "With Arathorn she lost a son as well as a Chieftain. Yet she seems to think a festival would lift the people's spirits, and I do not disagree with such a judgement." "The people will love a leader who shows she can provide for them," Ivorwen said, struggling to keep the bitterness out of her voice. "She is only doing it to appease the dissenting captains, those who still oppose her right to rule as acting Chieftain." "And what if she is?" Dírhael countered. "That debate should have been settled weeks ago, and if this will silence the naysayers for good, I certainly have no objection. We need a united front if we ever hope to make it through these next years. Besides, Ivorwen, who does it harm? We've had little cause for celebration these past years. We ought to take the opportunities as they come." Ivorwen did not meet her husband's eyes. "You only wish for there to be a festival so you can break open that cask of miruvor we've had sitting in the storeroom for eight months," she muttered at last. "Of course I'm not," Dirhael protested. "I want other people to break open that cask of miruvor. 'Tis been far too long since I've been able to add tales of drunken revelries to my blackmail tally." Ivorwen gave a wry chuckle. "You are enjoying the game of politics far more than should be allowed, husband." Dírhael grimaced. "'Enjoying' is hardly the word. Indeed, I would welcome a festival if only as a chance to set aside this pointless infighting." "Should we have expected much else?" Ivorwen sighed. "Our people have never been without a true Chieftain, not for such an extended length of time. Truth be told, I'm astonished it has been as civilized as it has." "The Valar give us mercies where they can, I suppose," Dírhael said. "Still, the patrols are set until winter, and 'tis foolish for us to continue as if we could do more than what we already have." "Aye, the patrols are set," Ivorwen said, the edge returning to her voice, "and of course, the one mandate of Adanel's that has not been held up for scrutiny was the one that sent our son five hundred leagues Northwest." Dírhael sighed. "Are you ever going to forgive me for that?" Ivorwen did not answer, rising to free the kettle from the fire and pour hot water into two mugs waiting on the table. She had not seen her youngest son since the end of summer—after Arathorn's death and Gilraen's departure he had begged to be allowed on the next patrol out to Deadman's Dike, as far away from his grieving family as he could ride. Dírhael had agreed reluctantly—resources were already stretched with the harvest furloughs, and Tarcil could easily be spared at home. She knew she could not begrudge Dírhael the decision, nor Tarcil his own methods of coping with grief—Arathorn had been as an older brother to him, and she suspected Gilraen's choice to leave had been the breaking point. Still, it had been a hard thing to let him go, the last of her children, and it would be a harder thing still to face a festival with her family scattered and broken. "There is nothing to forgive," she finally said. "We have always given our children in service to our people, and Tarcil must find his own way. I only wish it was a path that brought him closer to home." "I wish it too," Dirhael took the tea mug from the table and met his wife's eyes. "Ivorwen, I understand your feelings on this, truly I do. But I think it will be good for us all. At the very least, it will prove a memorable distraction." With the decision made, Ivorwen threw herself into preparations for the festival, taking charge of planning the feast itself and readying the village square for the day's events. She lost herself in delegating tasks to her helpers, running back and forth between the great kitchens of the Commons and chores in her own home in the hopes that if she worked herself to the bone she might leave behind the heartache that had shadowed her ever since the council meeting. The rest of the village seemed to be operating in the same fashion, and on the eve of the festival her daughter-in-law Finnael waylaid her outside the Commons in the late afternoon, begging her to take Halbarad and Nethril out from underfoot so that she might have a moment's peace to finish her own preparations. The children were eager to spend the afternoon with their grandmother, and Ivorwen had no qualms about enlisting them both in helping her finish the decorations that were to be hung on the day of the festival. She taught them how to string the garlands and wreaths with dried apples and bay leaves, and they were soon racing each other, trying to see who might finish a string the fastest. "Nana Ivorwen," Nethril asked her after trying off a garland. "What are we having the festival for? It isn't Mettarë yet, and it isn't anybody's birthday…" Halbarad rolled his eyes at his younger sister's ignorance and opened his mouth to reply, but shut it immediately when Ivorwen shot him a warning look. "This is a festival to celebrate the harvest, Nethril," she answered. "To honor the gifts of Yavanna and prepare for the turning of seasons. When you were a little girl we would have them every year—do you remember?" The child scrunched up her face in thought. "I remember a lot of vegetables on the tables, I guess, and a big bonfire. Like the ones Uncle Arathorn would build at Mettarë." Ivorwen laughed. "That is near enough to it, nethben. It would not be a true celebration without a bonfire." "Are there going to be fireworks again, Nana Ivorwen?" Halbarad asked eagerly. At nine, he was old enough to recall the memorable festival five years before, when Gandalf the Grey had stopped by. Arathorn had forbidden the more conspicuous displays that Ivorwen knew the wizard was capable