T.A. 2957 Gilraen gave a start as her balcony window clattered open against the wind, and bit out a soft curse as a gust blew a drift of snow into the room. She should have alerted someone to the broken latch weeks ago, but she had spent so little time in her sewing room as of late the thought kept slipping from her mind. She rose from her chair to shut the window, but paused and poked her head outside as the faint sound of hoofbeats broke through the mid-morning quiet. She stepped through the doorway and leaned against the balcony, abandoning her sewing inside to watch the five riders come in through the gates. The snow was still only falling lightly in spite of the wind, and she took in a deep breath of crisp winter air as she gazed out the sight of the dusted rooftops below. She had asked Lord Elrond soon after Aragorn came of age if she might move to rooms closer to the center of Rivendell, and even now, years later, she marveled at the change. There were times she missed the quiet that her more secluded quarters with Estel had afforded her, but the stark view of the Valley and the main courtyard below could not be matched. Tucked off to the far side of the courtyard, she could see all who came and went from the front gate of the Last Homely House without any obstruction, but with little worry of those below spotting her. At times it made her feel more than a bit nosy, but it saved her the trouble of having to pick up gossip secondhand from the kitchen maids. "What heathen raised you to stand outside without a cloak in such weather?" Gilraen heard her mother's teasing voice before she saw her, and Ivorwen stepped out onto the balcony, a heavy cloak wrapped around her and a spare mantle in her hand for Gilraen. "Here, take this, before you catch the death of cold." Gilraen hid her smile as she took the mantle from Ivorwen and wrapped it around her shoulders. It would not do to admit aloud how she had missed her mother's fussing over the years, nor how much comfort her parents' prolonged visit to Imladris had brought her these past few weeks. "I did not intend to stay out for very long," she said. "I only wished to see who had come through the gates." By this time the newcomers had all dismounted from their horses. Though it was difficult to tell under their dark green cloaks, all five of them appeared to be female, and Gilraen narrowed her eyes as she bent over the railing to get a better look. There was something familiar about the tallest figure… "Imladris is popular this time of year, it seems," Ivorwen observed. "This is the third new party I've seen arrive this week." "Elrond always seems to receive the greatest number of visitors these last weeks before the snows grow too heavy," Gilraen replied. "Many of the woodland Elves prefer to spend their winters in the Valley if they can, and the closer we get to Mettarë the more people wish to be reunited with their families." She gazed back down at the courtyard, where Lord Elrond was now approaching the new arrivals. The tallest one threw back her hood, and Gilraen had her suspicions confirmed as Arwen Undómiel returned her father's embrace. "So, is that her?" Ivorwen murmured. "The Elven lady who has captured my grandson's heart?" "Mother!" Gilraen turned to her in shock. "What do you know of it?" "Enough," Ivorwen replied. "It's been the only source of contention between him and the captains, you know, ever since he returned to us. The sole surviving heir—of course they were going to press for an early marriage. But each year he has refused." "But what do they know of Elrond's daughter?" Gilraen demanded. "What has he said to you?" "Nothing so specific," Ivorwen reassured her. "He gives one bland excuse after another to the captains, but it's been plain to me from the start that his heart belonged to one he left behind in Rivendell. I drew it out of him a couple of years ago, after he'd had a particularly heated argument about the issue with your father. As far as I know, no one else knows the full truth save for Halbarad." "Well, that's something," Gilraen sighed in relief. For the first time since he had departed for his great errantries abroad, Gilraen was grateful that her son was somewhere far beyond the Misty Mountains, and nowhere near to the lady who had stolen his heart. Since the revelation of his true heritage Aragorn had only returned to Imladris a handful of times, but on nearly every visit Arwen had also happened to be present, giving him plenty of chances to encounter the Lady of Rivendell and rekindle his infatuation with her. Or so Gilraen suspected. Ever since her initial conversation with him on the matter, all those years ago, she had chosen to remove herself from such details of her son's life. She did not wish to interfere any further, but it was clear enough that his love for the Evenstar had only increased with time. As for Arwen…Gilraen shook her head as she ran a hand through her hair. Even after a quarter-century's experience gained in discerning the more measured expressions of Elves, she found the Lady of Rivendell impossible to read. "Seven years, and his love has not abated," Gilraen said at last. "I am not even certain she was aware of his feelings for her, and if so thought them nothing more than a youthful fancy. Elrond and I hoped the same, and made it clear enough that she was too far above him. None of us anticipated that his stubbornness would extend to his romantic endeavors." "Hmph," Ivorwen sniffed. "Well, your foresight failed you in that respect, ield-nín. Anyone with eyes can see the same look about him that Arathorn had when he was courting you." "Oh, come now, Mama," Gilraen said in exasperation. "I was not so high in station as Arwen the Fair, and was far more eager to enter such a union than she shall ever be. Besides, women's hearts aside, I doubt Lord Elrond would be swayed as easily as Ada was." "Precisely," Ivorwen agreed. Below them, Arwen laughed at something one of her handmaidens had said, and she took her father's arm as he led her out of the snowy courtyard and into the great hall. "The very spirit of Luthien," Ivorwen sighed. "He was not mistaken in that. Still, show me one Dúnedain lass who cannot match her for strength and wit. He is chasing an overblown legend, and nothing more." "None of us can deny that," Gilraen replied. "But I suppose it should not surprise us that he set his sights on legend, and nothing less." "Just be grateful your father has not figured it out yet himself," Ivorwen warned. "Otherwise I could not guarantee a diplomatic showing from the House of Aranarth while she is here." "And you, Mama?" Gilraen raised an eyebrow. "Can I trust you to remember we are guests in her father's house?" "I know when to hold my tongue, child," Ivorwen smiled. "They would not still allow me to sit in on the captains' councils otherwise. " *** Had they met under different circumstances, Gilraen imagined she would have quite liked the lady Arwen. She carried the same grace and humor as her father, and though she commanded a queenly authority, she never showed herself to be above the more menial tasks that accompanied life in Rivendell. During her prior stays, Gilraen had encountered her more often than not at a loom or in the kitchens, assisting where she was needed. Indeed, had the awkward subject of Aragorn not stood between them, Gilraen would have welcomed the chance to work alongside Arwen and learn more of the Elven lore she was sure she possessed. As things stood, however, she was always careful to keep her distance with Elrond's daughter, and could never quite shake the feelings of discomfort and apprehension in her presence—not to mention a mother's quiet indignation at the knowledge that her son would never be considered good enough for his beloved. Arwen, she could only assume, harbored similar feelings towards Gilraen, for the two had never exchanged much beyond formal pleasantries in all the years she had spent in and out of Imladris. Elrond's welcome feast that night proved to be no exception, for after Gilraen introduced Arwen to her parents, she went off to join her own family at the high table. The meal proved to be as delightful as any feast of Rivendell, and after the tables were cleared Elrond took Arwen's arm, and the two led the way back towards the Hall of Fire. Gilraen let out a small sigh of contentment as she settled into her usual chair, slightly removed from the center of the hall. She always seemed to enjoy herself here the most in the wintertime—the fires of the great hearth seemed to burn even brighter than usual against the darkness that came with the snows, a bastion against the shortening days and gloomy months ahead. To the side, she spotted her friend Merineth laughing with Dírhael, and smiled in satisfaction as she noted that her father had finally shed his gruff exterior around the Elves, and brought forth the mirthful disposition that those outside his family rarely saw. "Your father is an absolute treasure, Gilraen," Merineth murmured as she took a seat beside her, "and your mother as well. You ought to have brought them both up to Imladris years ago!" "They would not have come," Gilraen laughed. "As it is, my father's health is the only thing that could have persuaded him to leave the Angle." "More's the pity," Merineth said. "We see Men so rarely in these times. I suppose all we can do is hope that he now sees that there is more to draw him here than simply the houses of healing." "You do not know my father," Gilraen shook her head. "The richness of these halls cannot hold his interest for longer than a week or so. The only reason he remains now is because he cannot remember the last time he spent Mettarë with his daughter." "Well, you ought to remind him that there are plenty more holidays he could spend with you here," Merineth smiled. Gilraen suppressed a sigh. She had not yet told her friends in Rivendell about her tentative plans to return to the Angle in the spring, and it was a conversation she did not look forward to having. Her thoughts were broken by the sound of a familiar tune, and she turned to a pair of Elves near the front of the hall who had begun to sing: "The leaves were long, the grass was green, the hemlock-umbels tall and fair…" Gilraen let out a small groan, and could not stop herself from sinking down ever so slightly in her seat. Across the hall, she saw her mother grip the armrest of her chair, and on the dais near the great fireplace, the color drained from Arwen's face. The song seemed to stretch for an eternity, and when it finally ended the hall broke out in scattered applause, Gilraen joining in only reluctantly. "Has Ravennë taken leave of her senses?" she asked. "What in Elbereth's name possessed her to play that?" "What is the matter with it?" Merineth asked, "It is a popular enough tune, and it has been some time since it was heard in these halls…" Her voice trailed off as her gaze shifted from Gilraen to Arwen, who had risen abruptly from her seat and slipped out the back door of the hall, to Elrond, who stared frowning after her, and finally to