Ben and Bella were so close to getting engaged after school. But charlie finds out that he getting transfer to a new police department. When Bella finds out she's heartbroken that she's leaving her man of her dreams behind. Enchanted It was a nice fall day when we, my parents, my brother (Jasper) and I moved to Forks. My dad, Charlie, got transferred to Forks police department a few weeks ago from Phoenix, Arizona. Anyway, my parents already signed us up for the school. I am a junior and Jasper is a senior. He lets me tag along with his friends and him. We both are popular, so it was no problem. My friends here were Rachel and her twin sister Rebecca. (I couldn't tell them apart.) Did I mention my other friend, Kim? Kim and I were friends since first grade. We grew up like sisters. My brother has a huge crush on her, but she wasn't interested in him like that. Ben came to Phoenix in seventh grade. Jasper and I became friends with Ben right away. So we became close friends first. I did have a crush on him; he also had a crush on me, or at least that's what he told my brother. Ben told my brother that he wanted to ask me out. My brother told him to go ahead. So when he finally asked me out, I jumped at the opportunity. He is the guy of my dreams. He's not your typical guy; he's been so sweet and there for me. We hardly fight. He always gets me gifts when I least expect it. When he found out that I'm moving, he was devastated, and so was I. I told him that I will never forget him. He came over today to help us load the U-Haul truck. Both of us had teary eyes. When we were done loading the truck, we kissed our last kiss and whispered that we will always love each other. Then, he walked to his Corvette and drove off. That was the last time I saw Ben. Mom, Jasper, and I drove my car, while we hitched Jasper's motorcycle. My brother's friend Quil was driving the UHaul truck which was pulling my Mom's Lexus behind. As we were driving to Forks, I was crying all the way there. I could see my mom look at me from the corner of her eyes, she had a faded smile. Than she whispered "You and Ben will see each other, but not like it was when we lived in Phoenix." "Mom, I don't think it will be the same, what happens if he forgets about me?" I asked. "Honey, if it was meant to be, he won't forget you," she answered as she was driving. "I hope you are right," I sobbed and wiped my tears. "Don't worry, honey," she smiled. I couldn't help it; it was not that my mom's words didn't matter. I know Ben, once someone leaves or moves he will move on, but I hope it's not true about us. I felt my brother's hand on my shoulder. I turned to face him with a fake smile. I knew he could tell that it was a fake one. Jasper and I are so close, that he knows a lot of my secrets. We don't keep anything from each other. When we finally arrived at our new home, I saw my dad's car parked in the driveway. He was here a few days before we actually moved. He had to, since they asked him to start working sooner. Our house was a tad bit smaller than the one in Arizona. Ben had mentioned it rains here a lot. I opened the car door. I got out and I walked over to the U-Haul truck that my dad paid for to move our things. Quil helped us unload the truck, then he was invited to stay over night by my parents. Anyway, I had to help my brother move my dresser and my nightstand. But since Quil was here, he helped Jasper move it. It was like Quil was my other brother but he's like the only one I could talk to besides my brother. After we unpacked our things, my mom made us something to eat. While we were eating Jasper and Quil were goofing around like they always did. I wasn't in the mood to fool around. I'm all alone in a small stupid city, where I don't want to be. I'd rather be back in Phoenix with Ben. "Bella, what's wrong?" Quil turned to face me. "I'll tell you later," I waved at my parents. Both of them know I didn't want to move and start a new school. They won't let me stay with Ben, or even Quil, even though they like both of them. So here I am in Forks Washington. I wasn't too hungry since I wasn't in the mood to eat. As soon as my parents left the room, I was wondering if Quil still wanted to know what's wrong. I made sure they were not in sight. They were outside talking to the neighbors, which I was glad to see. "So, Bella, what's the matter?" Quil asked as he was looking at the door. "I don't want to be here, plus I miss Ben," I answered. "It will be okay." "I don't think so." As I began to think about not being with Ben, tears filled my eyes. We'd been together for a very long time. Jasper walked over to me and hugged me. "Baby sister, it will be okay once we start school on Monday," Jasper wiped my tears from my eyes. "Big bro, I hope you're right," I forced a smile. A few minutes later my parents came in with a couple who looked around my parents' age. They seem to be a nice couple. I forced another smile. "Bella, Jasper, this is Dr. and Mrs. Carlisle Cullen," My mom introduced us. "Nice to meet you kids, we have two kids your age," she smiled. "That's cool," I returned a smile back. "Zafrina and Edward," Dr. Cullen said. "See, Bella," Quil winked at me. I am not happy right now, I don't think I'll ever be happy again. We were around the breakfast bar talking about what there is to do here. But I didn't feel like staying in the kitchen, so I excused myself and went out back. I had my purse with me. I opened it and took out paper and a pen. I started to write a note to Ben. it read: My dearest Ben, I miss you already even though we just got here to our new home. All I've been thinking about is you. You're right, it rains all the time. It won't be the same without you. You have my cell phone number, I still have yours too. I'll call you sometime this week. I love you! Xoxo's Bella I folded the letter and I put in the pocket of my denim shorts. I know Quil will give it to Ben, I can trust him. I decided to go back into the house when I heard two voices coming from behind me. I turn around to see a guy my age and a girl my brother's age. I stepped off the deck and walked over to them and introduced myself. "I'm Bella Swan," I extended my hand to shake their hands. "I'm Edward Cullen, and his is my sister Zafrina," he shook my hand. "Nice to meet you both," We walked into my house. When all three of us walked into the house everyone turned to face us. I don't know why, we aren't strangers or aliens. I was surprise that they didn't tell us that I guess you already have met. I went to sit next to my brother. I could see that my brother is already wanting to move on with Zafrina. But they haven't met really. I know my brother is a one minded person. I wasn't going to introduce them to my family. But since I already met them, it would be rude if I didn't. Here goes nothing. "Jasper, these are Edward and Zafrina Cullen, Doctor and Mrs. Cullen's kids," I introduced them to my brother. "Edward, Zafrina, this is my brother," I went on.. Jasper want over to shake their hands. I think I could get used to this, but it won't be the same without Ben here. Edward was muscular built with bronze color hair, with those topaz eyes that I could fall in love with. "Do you guys want to come over a little while and let our parents mingle?" She was getting up. "If it's okay with our parents," I was looking at Quil. "You can come over, too," Edward pointed to Quil. "Oh, I forgot to introduce you to the kids," I felt bad that I forgot to. "Edward, Zafrina this is my brother's and my closest friend, Quil," I waved at him. "Quil, these are our neighbors, Edward and his sister Zafrina," I had a little smile form on my face as I secretly handed him the note for Ben. He winked at me and whispered "When I see Ben I will hand this to him". While our parents were blabbing, we kids went over to their house to hang out. I thought Edward was getting interested in me but I wasn't sure. Plus I wasn't over Ben. We hadn't officially broken up, and I don't think it will happen... unless he finds someone new. It's all what ifs. I just hope we don't have to move again. The guys were playing Wii while Zafrina and I were up in her room talking and getting to know each other. I could see us getting along well. She's nothing like Kim or the twins. She is way different; she wears black all the time. I am not really into the Gothic look. That's where my brother would like her. Speaking of brothers, I heard Edward coming upstairs. We thought that he was going to check on us, but all he did was peek in on us. I started to blush a little bit. "What do you want, Edward?" She got up and walked to her bedroom door. "I was just passing by, so I figured I'd pop my head in," Edward backed up from the door. "Well, next time knock," Zafrina was about to slam the door. "Wait, can your brother come for a minute?" I asked as I was looking at him. "Why do you want my brother to come in?" Zafrina waved for him to come in. "Just because I wanted to ask him something," I got up and walked over to the door. He smiled at me, then he walked in. He looked at me with those topaz eyes. I could fall in love with those eyes. "What do you want?" he asked as he stepped into Zafrina's room. "I was wondering if you could show me around on Monday," I smiled at him. "Sure, I will come over in the morning," He returned the smile, then walked out. Zafrina closed the door behind him. She walked back to her desk and we continued where we left off. I could see Zafrina and me becoming good friends. We talked about what it was like in Phoenix. She asked me a lot of questions. I think she was a little nosy. But since we were new neighbors, she probably wanted to know me better. Her brother was as handsome as Ben was. I still miss him so much. We were listening to some music when my brother was calling me from the stairs. I walked to the door and went to the top of the stairs. "What do you want?" I looked toward Zafrina's room. "We've got to go home, for dinner," he was walking to the door. "I'll be right