Darkness Sun We were going to the mountains for a few days, Jake, Quil, Paul Embry and Jared and me. It was going to be guy-time and I couldn't wait; it was exactly what I needed after my breakup with Emily. I hadn't been the same in the year since it had been, and I was really looking forward to just spending time with the guys. Twenty minutes after Jacob was supposed to have picked me up, I called to see what the holdup was. But he didn't answer, which was just annoying. Why have a cell phone if you're not going to answer it? I just didn't understand some people. I figured it wouldn't hurt anything to just go to his house instead of waiting around for him. It was unusual for him to be acting this way; he was normally so prompt. Shrugging to myself, I climbed into my car and drove the half mile to Jake's. When I arrived at his house his old red Rabbit wasn't there so I just assumed he'd already left. What a jerk, I thought, at least call a guy if you're going to stand him up. Figuring that I was on my own now since Jake had ditched me, I pulled away from the curb and flipped my phone open again, hoping that he'd answer his damned phone this time. Before I'd reached the end of the block, a woman's voice was chirping "Hello?" into my ear. "Er, hello?" I asked, wondering who the bimbo was answering my friend's cell phone. "Hey, Sam," the voice replied. Okay, who the hell is this girl and how does she know who I am? "Who is this?" I asked, probably a little harsher than the situation necessarily required. "It's me Alice, you dummy," she answered. Alice? Then it hit me. "Alice Cullen?" "Obviously," she said, and I swear, I could hear her eyes rolling. I didn't even know her that well, and I could really, truly, hear her eyes rolling through the phone. It was weird. "Listen, can you put Jake on?" I said. I really needed to figure out what he was doing with Alice Cullen. And why he had ditched me. "Sure hold on," she responded in her high, pixie-like voice. I heard a slight scuffle in the background which I hoped meant that she was passing the phone over to him. I thought I heard a muffled version of my name somewhere in there, too. "Hey bro, what's up?" Jake greeted. I ignored his question, instead asking him another one. "When did you and Alice Cullen hook up?" I tried to keep the venom out of my voice when I said her name; I'm not sure how well I succeeded. "A few days ago!" he said, sounding proud of himself. "And where are you now?" "At the cabin?" he said, making the statement sound like a question. "Dude! Are you kidding me? This was supposed to be guys weekend plus you were supposed to pick me up!" "Crap, man. I totally forgot." I rolled my eyes this time. "So I guess I'll just get myself up there, then," I said sarcastically. "I'm sorry, Sam. Really." "Whatever," I dismissed his apology. We were always like that with each other, though. I already forgave him and he knew it. "So why did you bring her with you for guys' weekend?" I asked, emphasizing the last two words. "She was lonely and I wanted to spend time with her," he answered. "So what? I thought it was guy's night out for a few days," I reiterated. "I know, bro, but I want you to get to know her. Alice is cool, I swear. She won't be a problem," he replied. "I just hope the other guys don't violate this trip, too," I said, not feeling quite as angry as I sounded. Although I felt like I had a right to be mad about this, in the long run, I decided it wasn't that big a deal. I hoped it wouldn't be, anyway. "I don't know if they did," Jake said. I was merging onto I-5 now, so I to hang up and focus on my driving. "Listen, man, I'll be there in a bit. I've got to pay attention to the road now, though." "Alright, we'll see you when you get here." "Later." My mind wandered while I drove. Mostly I thought about Emily. I hoped that someday I'd actually be able to get over her. Maybe even find someone else. I hope so, because it would be a lonely time without anyone. Hell, I was already lonely. I forced my thoughts away from my own lameness and tried to think instead toward the weekend I had planned with Jake and the guys. I shouldn't be thinking about girls this weekend at all. Of course, that would have been easier had Jake not brought his new girlfriend, I thought, the bitterness returning. Maybe Alice brought one of her friends. It was a long ride to the cabin alone. I remembered back to when Paul and Kim first started to date, I was like why her? but I got used to it. And now Jake with one of the Cullen girls? Get real. But maybe it's for the best, we'll see. When I arrived, Jake and Embry were there with three girls, one I recognized as Alice. I parked up near the door. I cut the engine and grabbed my bag from the passenger seat and got out and shook his hand. "Sam, I would like you to meet Alice, Alice this is Sam," Jake introduced us. "Hey, nice to meet you," I said casually. "Same here," she replied coyly as she walked over to the other girls, wiggling her butt the whole way. I looked at Jake with an expression that clearly said, Really? He smirked back at me, his expression saying, Yeah! He even nodded slightly as he watched her wiggling behind walk away. One of Alice's friends had fiery red hair and porcelain white skin. The other one was a brunette with café au lait colored skin; she looked almost Asian. Alice waved at me to come over, so I did. The brunette was pretty, but the redhead really caught my eye. "Sam I would like you to meet Victoria," she said, gesturing the redhead, "and Angela," the brunette. "Hey, girls," I said, playing it cool and pretending that I wasn't having a physical reaction to the three beautiful women in the cabin; I grabbed my bag and went inside to find a room, adjusting my jeans as I walked. The cabin had a lot of bedrooms I always try to claim the biggest one. I walked into the room, looking around for some sort of sign that it was already claimed—a duffle on the bed or on the floor—and not finding any, I put my bag down near the bed. When I reentered the main room, I found that everyone was here now. Jake had a fire going now and was sitting in a lazy boy recliner with Alice in his lap. The redhead waved and smiled at me. So I waved and smiled back then walked over to sit next to her. What was her name again? Victoria? Anyway, doesn't matter right this second, this is going to be an awesome time now. No worries, Uley. I gave myself a mental pep talk. Jake and Alice were making out in front of everyone now; I don't think they cared. In a move as old as the hills, I pretended to stretch, and wrapped it around her shoulders on my way back down. "You wanna go for a walk with me?" I whispered in her ear. She nodded eagerly. So we went for a walk outside in the woods. We talked about what we liked to do and what we didn't like. We had much in common then what I thought. It was funny I never thought a girl would like the same things as me. But here we are talking. I'm starting to really like her, I found myself thinking. And it didn't matter that I only met her a few hours ago. I got the feeling that she was starting to like me also. But I wasn't sure. I started to go for her hand and I saw her move closer to me. That's right, baby. Move closer, let me hold you close. So instead of holding hands I wrapped one of my arms around her. She looked up at me and smiled a shy smile, which I returned. She suddenly stopped walking, causing me to stop in my tracks. Before I knew what was happening, she had pushed me up against a pine tree then she was up tight against me, pressing her big red lips to mine in the most passionate kiss I'd ever felt. Ever. So I allowed my mouth to move against hers as well. I wrapped my arms around her tiny waist while she wrapped hers around my neck and shoulders. We were totally making out now, and frankly, I liked it. I didn't even care that I knew she could feel my arousal against her belly. There was no way she wouldn't be able to feel it. But I wasn't embarrassed this time like I was before. I didn't know how long we stood there making out until I heard a snicker coming from behind Victoria. I looked up to see who was standing there, Embry and Angela. I pulled away from Victoria, chuckling and adjusting my jeans after all. I wasn't embarrassed for her to know what she'd done to me, but I didn't particularly relish the thought of the entire cabin knowing. "How long have you been standing there?" I asked. "A long time," Angela laughed. "A really long time," Embry agreed, snaking his arm around her waist. She leaned into him; they looked so comfortable together. I wondered silently if I would ever feel that comfortable with Victoria. I had been that relaxed with Emily…I stopped that thought cold in its tracks. She dumped you, Uley, I reminded myself. Let it go. Be happy with this new girl. Victoria's cool, this could really lead somewhere, so long as you don't over think things. Angela and Embry left holding hands, and Victoria and I followed them, mimicking the gesture. When the four of us returned to the house, Jake and Alice were staring at us. I had a sneaking suspicion that Alice knew this was going to happen. Maybe she'd even planned it. We walked back to our seat and Victoria sat on my lap, reawakening the monster that had gone dormant again during our walk back to the cabin. This is going to be an awesome time. I pulled her into my chest and kissed her fiery hair. I wrapped my arms around her, and she intertwined her fingers into mine. I finally felt like I had someone. I lifted our joined hands and kissed the back of hers. Then she kissed my hand. I could tell that she was happy to be my girl. That's what I was thinking. I looked down to see her and found that she had closed her eyes. I thought she was sleeping so I excused us from the fire and I carried her to my room. It may have been a bit presumptuous, but I didn't care. Besides, I wasn't sure which one she'd chosen, anyway. When I laid her on the bed, she opened her eyes sleepily. "I thought you were sleeping?" I whispered. "Well, when you carried me inside, I woke up," she yawned. I lay beside her and I wrapped my arm around her. Rather than cuddling into me, she rose from the bed and pulled her shirt over her head, dropping it on the floor. I just stared at her, not quite bewildered, but definitely shocked. This was a