Something Like That (BBQ Stain) E:POV It was Labor Day. I was 17. I went down to the county fair with my brother, Jasper, and my friend, Emmett. We were standing in line for a ride when I saw her with her friend. I never had seen her before. She's probably staying with her friend for the holiday weekend—before she went back to school—but she didn't pay any attention to me. I wanted to go over to her, but she turned away from me. Her friend—Rose, I think it was—dragged her to meet her boyfriend, my friend Emmett. She wore a miniskirt with red lipstick. She was somewhat shy. "Bella, this is my boyfriend, Emmett!" she said. "Emmett, this is Isabella Marie Swan!" she went on. "What about me?" I asked. Bella laughed at me. I wanted to ask why, but she pointed at my white tee shirt. There was a barbecue sauce stain on my brand new tee shirt. I was embarrassed about this. I took off my shirt and turned it inside out, so it wouldn't embarrass me. "So sorry, Edward, this is Isabella Swan!" Rosalie finally introduced us. I extended my hand to shake hers. She took my hand and we shook hands. She looked at Rose. I wanted to ask her a question on how long she would be here, but I was afraid that she wouldn't answer that question. "So you're friend of Rose's?" I asked. "Yes, I am. I've known Rose for years; we visit whenever I come to visit my dad," she answered. "Cool!" I replied. What was I thinking? Just saying cool. Jasper was looking at me like, Bro, what's with that? I just shrugged my shoulders. I don't know; it was like something like that. I am a fool for just saying cool, I know. She smiled at me. "Yeah, she's only here till Wednesday," Rose responded. "Oh that sucks," I replied. She looked at me like why would it suck? I didn't want to tell her that I liked Bella. Emmett was shocked that she couldn't stay. Maybe he thought I would make the first move, but I didn't know her that well. I guess I will have to get to know her better. "Well, it's only Saturday," I said. "Maybe we can get to together," Rose responded. "Yeah, that would be cool," I said. Bella looked at me like she was surprised that I might like her. She came closer to me; all I was thinking was if I make a move she will not want to see me anymore and I don't want to ruin it. "So what do you want to do tomorrow?" Rose asked. "How about a group date?" Emmett suggested. "What?" Bella asked, suddenly looking nervous. "A movie date," he answered. "I hardly know him," she whispered to Rose. "Bella, it will be okay; we will be with you," she whispered back . I had to smile at her. I didn't know what to expect from her. I knew it was going to work out; I just had a feeling. I hope she remembers me beyond the summer—when she goes back to her 'other' life. I hope she won't think I am pig with a barbecue stain on my tee shirt. I know things will be different tomorrow night since I will have a clean shirt. I want to take her on a ride on the ferris wheel. So, I took her by the hand and we stood in line for the ride. She took my hand and held it. I love the denim miniskirt that she wore, but why would she wear that to the fair? But it was okay with me. As we walked to get on she winked at Rose and Emmett. I got in after her and took her hand. As we were going on the top of the ride the sun was setting; it looked beautiful as she did. The next thing I knew, she was scooting over close to me. I did the 'Old Faithful' thing: pretend to stretch to wrap my arm around her shoulder. I was playing with her hair. That's when she made the first move. The Kiss. Yes, the first kiss. I leaned close to her so I could kiss her again; I saw her blush. As the ride went around, I saw Emmett and Rose doing a thumbs up. She was smiling at them. I was wondering if this really was going to work out with us. I hope it does. She is so beautiful. As soon as the ride came to a stop, I helped her out and took her hand in mine; now we were holding hands. I was happy. But for how long will I be happy? I don't know maybe till she went back. I have to stop thinking about the future. Just think about today; it's almost over. She dragged me over to the photo booth. She put in two dollars and sat on my lap. I think she will miss me. That's why she is doing this, even though we just met. I started to have feelings for her, but I wish she could stay here in Forks. We walked to Rose and Emmett; they were making out in front of everyone. As we got closer, they pulled apart. Rose and Bella were like sisters in a way, like Emmett and I were like brothers. All five of us walked out of the fair and back toward Rose's house. When we arrived at Rose's house, Jasper, Emmett, and Rose walked in, while Bella and I sat on the front step making out. Yes, I know I hardly know her and she hardly knows me, but it felt like I've known her for a long time. As we kissed again, my heart knew that I really wanted her and the sad thing is she's leaving in a few days to go back to Phoenix. She only comes on holidays or during the weekend when there's no school. (We are both 17 and in our senior year of high school.) We threw rocks in the river by the railroad tracks even though we aren't supposed to do that. Once we were done with that, we walked inside Rose's house. Jasper and Emmett were in there watching TV and Rose was on her phone with her friend, Alice. Bella and I decided to out back out and watch the sun set. I just wish this weekend wouldn't end, but good things always have to came to end. I kissed her hand. I felt her grip tighten on my hand. I wanted to tell her that I love her, but it was too soon and I might scare her off—lose everything I work so hard to have with her. All I remember was, that she was laughing at me because I had a barbecue stain on my white tee shirt. I just looked at her with love and care, but I don't want to push anything. She handed me the picture of us at the fair. She was shy there, but once I got to know her, she talked to me a lot about her school and the colleges that she was applying to. We went on the front porch and got cozy, but a little while later Jasper came out and told me that we better get going before it was too late. I kissed her on the cheek and told her I'd see her later. I walked back to our house just thinking about her. Jasper is my older brother. I stopped to look in my tracks to take out the picture of us at of my wallet. "Are you and Bella an item now?" he asked. "Something like that," I answered, as I placed the photo back in my wallet . "Don't get too wrapped up in her, since she's leaving in a few days," he said. "I know, Jasper. I hope I will see her again," I responded. I just wished it would go slower than this, because I really want to be with her. It will tear me to pieces if I don't see her after this. But the heart doesn't forget. When we got back to our house I went to my room and went online to see if Alice was on, but she wasn't. So I decided to call Rose's house to see if Bella wanted to talk; of course, she wanted to talk to me. I knew she would. Rose put her on the phone. I waited a little while before she picked up. "Hey Bella, it's me, Edward," I said. "Hello, what's up?" she asked. "I just wanted to talk, since we didn't talk much while we were out," I answered. "Well, I know we didn't," she said. "Are you sure you want to go to see a movie with them or do you want to do something more private?" I asked. "Let's go with them to make them happy. I have Monday; we can do something then," she answered. "Okay, sorry about my tee shirt, I didn't know that there was a barbecue stain on it, " I said. "No, I am sorry that I laughed at it, but it was pretty funny," she replied. "I hope we can see each other later on in the future," I responded. "I am sure we will," she responded. "Well, I guess I should go now," I said. "Right, see you tomorrow," she replied. I hung up the phone and went to lay in my bed just thinking of her and how she was laughing at my tee shirt. It was kind of embarrassing that I had a stain on there where everyone could see it since my shirt was white. I got up and took it off and threw it on the pile of my dirty clothes; then I walked into the shower and got washed. I had a great time getting to know her and I hope this long distance relationship works out for both of us. Once I got out of the shower I got a towel and wrapped it around me; then walked to my room and put on my boxers and went down to our den and watched TV. Carlisle and Esme were working overtime. I just want to see her all the time. Around 10:50, I went up my room and laid in my bed. I couldn't fall asleep because I was thinking about her. I was looking at the ceiling and trying to relax. But it was kind of hard. Who you like so much, and knowing that she's leaving to go back to Phoenix in a few days. It was 11:30 when Jasper came in to bed. He saw that I wasn't sleeping . "Edward, you're thinking about her aren't you?" he asked. "Something like that ," I answered. "You got to get some rest if you want to see Bella tomorrow." "It's easier say than done." "Brother, get some rest," he said. Around 2:00 in the morning, I finally fell asleep, but I dreamed of how it was today; how it was so much fun I with her, and it will come to an end once Wednesday comes. It would suck. I tossed and turned all night long. It was a rough night for me, knowing that she would be going back to Phoenix in a few days and would forget about me . Saturday morning I woke up late since I finally fell asleep around 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning. I don't remember exactly what time it was, but when I did wake up, Jasper was gone. Maybe he and Alice were talking and making up. So I had a few hours to get ready and do what should be done. I went up to the bathroom to freshen up and find something nice to wear that isn't stained up, I know I can