Disclaimer: I do not own anything from the twilight series Autho r's note: Hey everyone, So I know I'm busy with three stories now and have already put one on hold. I'm not doing that with the boondock saints, I promise, I'm just really busy these weeks because I'm nearing the end of my school year and all. This story I still had saved on my phone and my friend, who read it, told me to post it online because she liked it a lot. I don't know if you guys will like it, but I sure hope. In short it's about Jasper falling in love with my character, Mia. Alice and Edward are together, and Emmett and Rosalie plus Carlisle and Esme. If you don't like these pairings I am sorry. It's just the first chapter. I have nothing of the next chapters yet. I first want to know what people think of this chapter and if I get enough favorites and reviews I will continue. The continuing might take a bit longer than normal, like I said, I am very busy. Anyways, thank you so much for taking the time to read this! Please review and let me know what you think! Love, EvilGirlLovesWriting Chapter one: Why? I didn't know why I deserved this. Why I even got a chance at meeting her. I've done so many horrible things in my life, killed so many innocent people. Why then was I allowed to look at such an angel, because that's what she was. I had died. That would be the only explanation I could think of. I'd died and went to heaven. There were however two problems with that explanation. First of all, I think I would've noticed being ripped apart and burnt to ashes, being a vampire and all. Second of all, there was no way in hell that if I actually had miraculously died I would've wounded up in heaven. Nope. Not a chance. So what the hell was going on then? The day had started out fairly normal. Edward, Emmett and me went out hunting around 4 in the morning and got back to get ready for school at 7. Alice had told everyone it would be a rainy day so we would be safe and Carlisle went to work early. Nothing special there. Esme gave all of us a kiss before we left and told us to be safe, nothing special there either. I remember getting sick of Rosalie and Emmett's sweet talk, which I could hear from the other car. Even though it seemed like they were alone, it didn't mean they were. They never took any notice to that though and so I was always hearing things I didn't want to. I felt sorry for Edward, who would have the same feeling only tripled because he could hear thoughts as well. I was waiting for a bitter laugh that normally escaped his lips when I thought something like that, but he didn't laugh this time. I soon figured out why and closed my eyes rubbing my temples. They say vampires can't get headaches, that proves that they've never sat in between two couples that were sweet talking each other. My own gift of being able to feel what they were feeling wasn't really helping either. I didn't understand why Alice had to say everything out loud when Edward could hear her thoughts anyway, no need for spoken words. I felt another wave of love and lust coming from both couples and I wished we would arrive soon. It's not that I hate what they're feeling. I'm glad they are happy together. But sometimes I just wish they weren't this obvious about it. I wish they would keep their feelings to themselves. I've never had those feelings for someone. I thought I'd loved Maria but if I compare that to what these were feeling, it was just a droplet of water in an ocean. I mulled over those thoughts a moment, so I wouldn't focus on the couples around me. The moment we arrived at school I practically jumped out of the car. 'I am driving to school alone tomorrow!' I warned them, only half joking. I wouldn't mind, but there weren't a lot of cars we had that wouldn't be too conspicuous. 'I wouldn't be too sure about that.' Edward said, answering my thoughts in the way he usually did. I raised my eyebrows and looked in the direction Edward was looking in. Something had caught his attention, and I didn't have to guess what it was. There was a dark red Lamborghini sitting in the parking space next to the cafeteria. It stood out against the rest of the cars, which were mostly old, crappy, handed down cars. We never had seen such a car at school before, actually none of the students had. That's probably why there was a huge crowd hanging around it, admiring it. Emmett let out a low whistle, 'Damn... wonder who that belongs to.' He said. That was what we were all wondering. The first lesson Edward would be sitting next to me, the second and third Rosalie was there. Rosalie could be a real nag sometimes, but she was quiet and knew how to keep her emotions in check most of the time, which made sitting next to her a lot easier. They never said it out loud, none of the family members did, but the reason I was accompanied in most of my classes, all but one that is, was to make sure I wouldn't kill everyone. Or at least so there would be someone who could try and stop me. It happened a few times in different schools. Like I said before, I killed a lot of innocent people. They never blamed me too much though, except for Rosalie but she only got mad because she knows how guilty I would feel afterwards. Wallowing in self pity, I was good at that. Rosalie wasn't a nice girl. She could be annoying, but so could the rest be. The thing about her is that she doesn't like humans, jealousy I guess, and is annoyed with the gifts Edward and Alice and I have a lot. She wants privacy sometimes and knows she can't get it around us. She does care for us though, we are family. We walked to the cafeteria together, drawing stares from freshmen and some other kids. We didn't take too much notice to them though, we were quite used to being stared at. Throughout the year really. Humans liked to talk about us too. We have to laugh about the things they come up with sometimes, Edward's gift can be very entertaining if he uses it to fish gossip from their minds. We sat down in our usual spot, in the middle of the cafeteria, with the rest of our family. We talked a bit but eventually the conversation came to an end. Not like we minded, quiet was good. There were certain things you just couldn't talk about in a room full of humans. Especially with an unstable vampire like me anywhere near. Edward was about to protest against my thoughts when suddenly I felt a peak of utter shock and disbelief coming from my left. I looked up at the door where the person with the feelings probably had just come through. I had been expecting to take a glance and see nothing wrong after which I could turn back again. My intention was disrupted however the moment I saw the girl the feelings had originated from. That's when my 'angel' thoughts had sprung up. The girl was beautiful, nothing short to beautiful, even in vampire standards. She had wavy brown hair that reached to just below her shoulders. There were natural blonde highlights in them which seemed to accentuate her angelic features even more. Her eyes were the brightest color of green I had ever seen, with a sparkle in it that would've made my dead heart start beating again if that were possible. She was staring straight at our table and our eyes met for the briefest of seconds, then she spun around and stalked away from the cafeteria, waves of shock and disbelief still rolling from her. When she was out of sight I looked up at Edward, who was frowning in the direction of the corridor. 'I can't read her.' He answered to my unspoken question of what she had been thinking. 'What?' Rosalie asked in shock, a hint of amusement in her voice. She didn't always like his gift so she liked to hear he had limits. Edward shrugged the tone off and looked every one of us in the eye, lingering on mine. 'I can't read her mind.' he paused a second. 'Jasper noticed shock and disbelief coming from her, but I can't read her mind to see where it's coming from.' Alice sighed, something vampires didn't do often. 'I don't see anything happen yet, but when she spotted us she immediately turned around and left. Do you think she knows?' 'I don't know.' Edward said with a frown. I could feel the frustration of not knowing what she was thinking emitting from him. He always said that humans didn't really have such interesting thoughts but knowing if they were on to us or not was useful. The fact that the girl who'd just turned around when seeing us could keep secrets was making all of us wonder about if she knew or not. I looked back to the corridor where she just left through. I hadn't noticed any fear coming from her so the chance that she actually knew what they were was slim. 'We can't be too careful Jasper.' Edward said in a serious tone. I nodded. I knew that they wouldn't want to leave. Emmett, Alice and Edward had all made human friends, though they weren't great friends because it was hard to be friends with creatures you want to kill every minute of every day. Rosalie wouldn't care really, and I wouldn't have either, until today. There was something with this girl that made me want to get close to her. Made me want to get to know her better and to understand what thoughts lay behind her emotions. I felt caution coming from Edward and I knew he was sending his emotions towards me. I wasn't too controlled around humans yet, not like they were. I knew I had to be careful, and this time not just because our cover might be blown. This time because I knew that if I ever hurt this girl in any way, I wouldn't survive. The feeling was so strong that I knew it to be true, Edward's surprise did not go by unnoticed, but I did my best to ignore it. The bell rang, it was time for class. I sat alone, like I have been since the start of the year during history class. My family was fascinating to the students, but their instincts still tell them to stay away from us. I didn't mind really, sitting alone was better than any human taking place beside me. I'd rip out their throats before we even would've gotten to the introduction part. Now however the main advantage I had of sitting alone was being able to let my mind wander. The first thing that popped into my head, or rather had never left it, was the girl from before. What was her name? And why did she move here? Did she make friends already? What was she thinking when she saw us, and what does she think of me? I was so caught up in my questions that I didn't notice someone had taken the seat beside me until class started. The teacher started out with an introduction of a new classmate. I wasn't really paying attention, until he asked the new student to come up and introduce herself if