My first ever completed story! Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters except for Natalie. "Can I sit here?" A young 5-years-old Annabeth Chase looked up from her half-colored drawing of a house. In front of her stood a boy with unruly dark hair, bright sea-green eyes, and poor posture. Judging from his appearance, Annabeth would've thought he'd be one of those /obnoxious boys in their kindergarten class, always making dumb comments about everything. But she recognized him, the hyper boy in the desk across Thalia (Annabeth's only real friend.) Thalia would always complain how the boy would always swing his /legs and would end up kicking her or something (Annabeth didn't really listen). The boy - Peter? - was looking at her, waiting for an answer. Annabeth merely nodded. Peter gave her a smile and sat down across her. Peter opened his shark lunch bag and took out apple slices, a juice box, and . . . chocolate chips cookies in the color of blue. Blue or not, Annabeth caught a whiff of the air andsilently sighed to herself as the yummy aroma of chocolate-chip cookies filled in her nostrils. It was currently snack time and Annabeth couldn't help but envy the Peter boy and his snacks. Her parents had been in such a hurry this morning that they forgot to pack her snacks. Annabeth was just finishing up her drawing when Peter talked to her. "Where's your snacks?" Annabeth looked up. He was currently drinking his apple juice, his eyes were scrunched up in a confused manner. "I don't have any." she told Peter, feeling nervous as he looked at her without shifting his gaze anywhere else. She wasn't used to someone giving her their complete, direct attention - not even at home. "Why not?" Peter asked. Honestly, Annabeth wanted him to stop talking. "Because my mommy and daddy forgot." She isn't really quiet when talking but this boy's gaze was so intense, it was starting to make her feel uncomfortable. Peter looked really didn't believe a parent would forget about their child's needs. "But everybody should have snacks. Nobody's mommy should forget." Annabeth's mouth turned downward a bit. All of a sudden, she felt a small, hot lump in her throat. "Well, my mommy and daddy were busy so they forgot." she whispered to Peter. "My mommy never forgets my snacks." Peter told her. That comment made her feel worse. "That's good for you." Annabeth's voice cracked in the end. She brought her small hands to her watery eyes, wiping the tears away. "Hey, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you cry. I'm sorry." Peter leaned across the table and soothed Annabeth, rubbing small circles on her arm. Annabeth appreciated the kind gesture. "It's not your fault." she told him. Peter nodded, he was still rubbing her arms. Soon enough, no more tears trailed down Annabeth's rosy cheeks and Peter had stopped comforting her. As she was rubbing her eyes, Peter said "Here." Annabeth opened her eyelids and saw Peter holding out a blue chocolate chip cookie for her. She hesitantly took it form his warm hands. "Thanks Peter." Annabeth muttered. "Peter? My name's not Peter." said Not-Peter. "It isn't?" Annabeth questioned with genuine curiosity. Not-Peter smiled and shook his head. "No, it's Percy." Percy Annabeth likes his name, the way it sounds. "Oh." Her face flushes in embarrassment. "It's okay. I don't even know your name." Percy-not-Peter shrugged it off. "It's Annabeth. Annabeth Chase." She was no longer sad, instead she found Percy's presence enjoyable. "Well, I'm Percy Jackson. It's nice to meet you Annabeth Chase." He smiled at her and Annabeth found it impossible not to smile too. "I did it!" Percy exclaimed, pumping his small fists to the air while gaining some weird glances from their classmates. "You did what?" Annabeth was confused as she had no idea what Percy was referring to or what he had accomplished. "I made you smile!" Annabeth was still confused. "You're not sad anymore. You don't look good when you're sad, Annabeth." Percy continued, "That's why starting from this day on, it's always my job to keep you always happy. So don't expect elaving your side anytime soon." His chubby, babyish face looked /do serious, Annabeth couldn't help but laugh. Percy started laughing with her. "Okay." Annabeth said in giggles. "Great." Percy said, "And I mean it when I said I won't be leaving your side." Annabeth couldn't help but smile even wider, for now she has a new friend Percy Jackson had became Annabeth's best friend unknowingly. It was sort of a mutual thing. It just happened. Percy kept his word, he barely left Annabeth's side. They always partner up in projects, always sit with each other during lunch, always walks home with each other. They always had each other's back. Whenever someone would tease Percy for his dyslexia, Annabeth defended him. Whenever someone teases Annabeth about her hair, Percy defended. Everything was going along great. Each day after school, both of them would walk to Percy's house to spend the rest of the evening until Annabeth gets picked up around 7:00 by her father. But sometimes Dr. Chase would be so caught up in a project that Annabeth would've stayed until 10:00 /or just sleepover. To be honest, Annabeth has no problem with it. Sure, here parents forgot about her but it's not like she isn't used to it. Besides, she loves Percy's house, she loves baking with Sally, looking at Percy's baby pictures (There's a hilarious one where Percy /was in the bathtub and he had a beard formed with bubbles while he plays with a rubber dolphin toy.), playing video games with Percy, and just talking on his bed about the most random things. It was another one of those days today. Her mother was supposed to pick her up because her father had a business trip all the way in California. She was already 4 hours late, it's currently 11:09 and Percy and Annabeth were just playing video games on /Percy's Xbox 360 he recieved as a gift from his older cousin Hermes. Sally had retreated back to her bedroom hours ago, most likely working on the novel she's been writing. "What the heck Seaweed Brain!" Annabeth exclaimed. "Give me my diamonds back!" Percy laughed, entertained by Annabeth's reaction. "But they're blue!" "That's not a valid reason!" Annabeth growled as she jerked the controller's buttons violently, trying to kill Percy in the game. "I was almost killed by dozens of monsters trying to get that." "Sure, but you'll respawn so it doesn't really matter." "Says the one who threw a freaking tantrum because they were so stupid to fall in a ravine." "And I lost all my diamonds because of that so that's why I took yours." Percy pointed out. "But why would you keep half a pack of diamonds with you all the time?" Annabeth argued as she signs out from the Minecraft server. "I want to keep as much blue on me, Wise Girl." Percy explained to her as he turns the console off. "You're so weird." Annabeth told him while picking on a loose thread from her pajama pants. "But that's why I'm your best friend." Percy gives her a pointed look and Annabeth sighs. "You've got a point." Percy simply smiles smugly. "Oh shut up." Annabeth whines. "Ah, but you see my dear Wise Girl, I didn't say anything." He said feigning a horrible and melodramatic English accent. Annabeth couldn't help but laugh. "Since when have you gotten so . . . smart?" Annabeth asked her as her laughter died down. Percy's legs were sprawled out on the couch. His overlapping Annabeth's. He brought his hand to his chin and stroked it as he false ponders about an answer. "Probably since I started hanging out with you." Annabeth nodded, "I agree, I think I increased your amount of brain cells to ten. At the most." Percy pouted, "Shut up." Annabeth smiled to herself, pleased. "Ughh. I want school to end." Percy complained, throwing his head back to the armrest of the sofa. "There's only one more week left of 7th grade left Seaweed Brain. You'll survive." "I know but - " Percy was cut off by rapid shuffling of feet from the stairs. Sally Jackson entered the living room with wide eyes and her phone in her hands. "Mom, what's wrong?" Percy sat up, no longer leaning on the armrest. "Annabeth . . . oh my god." Sally's hand was brought up to her mouth and she looked like she was tearing up. "Mom, tell us what's going on." Percy's voice was tense and he glanced at Annabeth, who looked anxious with her furrowed eyebrows. "Annabeth . . . sweetie . . . you're mother." Annabeth turned rigid and tense as a statue. "What happened to her?" "She . . . she got in a car accident on the way here." With a tight voice Annabeth said, "Is she alright?" Sally shook her head. Percy's eyes widened and glanced at his best friend, who looked impassive. "I'm so sorry sweetie." Sally's voice cracked as she told them, "But she was really hurt, and the doctors did all they can to save her." Annabeth had a hot, thick lump in her throat. Percy spoke up. "Annabeth, it's okay if you cry." She didn't give it a second thought. She cried a horrible sob, tears pouring down her cheeks. Percy pulled her to him, in a tight hug. Her head resting on the crook of his neck as she continued her muffled /sobs. Percy stroked her mess of hair while whispering nonsense into her ears. Hers sobs stopped and reduced to hiccups and sniffs until very much later. They stayed like that for a while, Annabeth silently crying and clinging to Percy as he stroked /her hair, all while giving warmth to each other. "Do you want some water?" Percy's voice was soft and comforting in her ear. She nodded lightly and Percy untangled himself from her and went to the kitchen. As he exited the room, Annabeth thought to herself silently. Everything seems surreal. Her mother is now gone. When she goes home again, her mom's office will be empty, dust building up on surfaces, and the brilliant blueprints littered on her desk that may never be finished. Does her father even know? Did he also /get a call? Well, of course he'll get a call - he's the husband. Annabeth asked all these questions in her head. She was such in deep thought that she didn't notice Percy return, with a cold bottle of water in his hand. "What's in your head?" He placed the bottled water on her lap. "Just can't believe it." Annabeth took a quick sip, the liquid immediately refreshing her dry mouth but it didn't help vanish her hiccups. "I know it's going to be hard Wise Girl, but you'll make it. I know you can." He took her hands in his, lacing their fingers together. It was an innocent gesture but Annabeth wasn't able to control the small butterflies fluttering in her stomach. It's /been happening a lot lately. When he'd just hold her hand, or play with her hair, or compliment her, or even calling her his nickname for her, she feels her mood turn happier and her heart skip a beat. Gods, something was wrong with her. "Mom said you'll have to be staying with us until your dad gets back from California." Percy informed her. Annabeth's mood shifted from mournful to annoyance. She doubts her father even knows. "Does he even know?" She said bitterly. Percy's eyes narrowed and he held her hand tighter. "Of course he does Annabeth. He loves her." "But he loves his work even more." The lump in her throat was slowly returning and her eyes were watering once again. "Don't say that." "But you know it's true, Percy." Tears were streaming down her face