Author's Note: This will contain male/male pairings, violence, and character death. Please don't read it if any of that bothers you. Disclaimers: All characters and places form The Lord of the Rings are property of J.R.. This story takes place after the end of the Return of the King, and follows the events from the books rather than the movies. This fic is a Lord of the Rings adaptation of the Greek myth of Orpheus. You do not have to be familiar with it to understand the story. The version I used to write this is from D'Aulaires' Book of Greek Myths , by Ingri and Edgar Parin D'Aulaire. I did change a very few things to make it fit better, and added a little detail (okay – a lot of detail!) that wasn't included in D'Aulaires' , but the basic storyline is the same. The information on the Valar, Valinor, and the Halls of Mandos was gathered from The Encyclopedia of Arda, online at . However, I did take some liberty with describing the Halls of Mandos, since there was no physical description anywhere that I could find. The Elvish translations I got from The song at the end belongs to the amazing band Snow Patrol . Genre: Romance, angst, drama, spiritual, supernatural, fantasy, action/adventure, poetry…you know, I actually think it fits all the categories except for mystery and humour. This baby is my first (serious) purely Lord of the Rings fanfic, and I really hope you like this sucker, because it took freaking forever to finally get it right. It was orginally only about twelve pages, and I had it finished in a single day. But then my brother read it and said it needed more detail. Thus it turning into a thirty page, month-long monster piece of work. 0_o You better like it, or I will be pretty pissed. Legolas smiled as he looked out his window at the sunlit meadows. It was spring in the realm of Ithilien, and he was very happy on this day. For today was when he would finally be bonded to his beloved. He began to sing softly in Sindarin under his breath as he pulled on his wedding robes. They were made of dark blue velvet, trimmed with silver. Under them he wore grey leggings and a light blue silk tunic, with a light design of lilys spreading across his chest and shoulders. The sleeves flared out at the wrists, and the robes swept the floor gracefully when he walked. His hair was pulled back and tied at the base of his neck with a light blue cord that matched his tunic, save for a few strands framing his face. A simple silver circlet atop his head completed the outfit. A knock came at the doorway, and as Legolas turned around to face the door, it opened before he could grant permission. He did not mind, though. Nothing could spoil this day for him. Aragorn and Gimli entered the Elf's rooms, Faramir following close behind. The Dwarf and Men stopped short at the sight of him, and he smiled and laughed merrily at their expressions. "Legolas, mellon-nin…" Aragorn began, but he could find no words to say. "You look amazing, Legolas," Faramir said warmly, embracing his friend. After working in Ithilien for the past several years since the fall of Sauron, the two had become fast friends. "Hannon le, Faramir," the Elf thanked him. He laughed nervously, running a hand through his hair. "I feel amazing, but nervous, as well, I find. I knew not that this day would invoke so many conflicting emotions in me." *Thank you, Faramir "You clean up well, Elf," Gimli said gruffly, "Your lover-boy'll be speechless when he sees you. Congratulations, lad." "Thank you Gimli. That means a lot to me, especially coming from you," Legolas said, his eyes dancing. "Come my friend," Aragorn said, putting a hand on Legolas' arm to lead him over to the door. "It is time, and Haldir is waiting for you." The bonding ceremony was held in a quiet glade not far from the Edan and Elf colony of Ithilien. It was a fairly small gathering, especially if you took into consideration that one of the couple to be married was of Royal blood. The remaining members of the Fellowship, including Aragorn, Gimli, Merry, Pippin, and Sam were all there, as was Legolas' father and some of his friends from Mirkwood. The Lady Arwen was present, and Haldir's brothers, Rumil and Orophin, and many of his friends from Lothlorien. Faramir and Eowyn, and several of the Ithilien colonists were there. Eomer of Rohan was there, and the twin sons of Elrond, Elladan and Elrohir, came as well. Thranduil, as one of the few Kings of the Elves remaining in Middle-earth, was to perform the ceremony, and Aragorn, Faramir, and Gimli had agreed to stand with Legolas and participate in the Ritual. Aragorn walked Legolas to the edge of the glade and stood next to his chldhood friend. Faramir came to stand on the Elf's other side while Gimli went to take his own place. Legolas caught sight of his husband-to-be across the glade, standing regally in between his brothers. Haldir looked magnificent, wearing the same sort of robes as Legolas, save for that his were in two shades of red rather than blue. Their eyes met, and they smiled at one another. The guests fell silent and took their places in a circle around the edge of the glade, with Thranduil in the center. Haldir was on one side of the circle, and Legolas stood opposite him at the other end of the glade. The ceremony was beginning. Aragorn took Legolas by the hand and led him to meet Thranduil in the center of the circle, while Haldir's brother Orophin did the same opposite them with Haldir. The four met in the center of the circle in front of Thranduil. There was a brief moment of silence, and then Thranuduil spoke, using the common tongue so that all there could understand. "Who hast come here on this day to be bonded to their beloved?" he said gravely. "I have, my leige." Haldir answered. "And who hast come here on this day to accept this bond of matrimony?" "I have, my leige," replied Legolas. "Step forward, and meet thy love before me now, and I shall bind thee from now until the end of eternity." Legolas and Haldir then stepped closer to one another while Aragorn and Orophin stepped back. The two lovers faced one another and each put up their hands, touching them together palm to palm, with their fingers spread. "As I speak these binding words, so shall ye clasp thy hands together, so shall thy souls be woven together, joined for all eternity. What say you?" "Aye," the two Elves said together. When Thranduil began to say the words, one finger would lower for each line of the ritual, thus intertwining their fingers and locking their hands together, symbolizing the binding of their souls and hearts. Thranduil nodded to acknowlege their agreement, and began to speak the ancient words of the Elven binding ritual. "One for faith," he paused, and Legolas and Haldir each lowered one finger on one of set of hands, repeating the motion with each line that followed. "One for prosperity, one for sanctuary, one for trust, and one for honesty," Legolas' left and Haldir's right hands were now intertwined. The second verse started on the other hands. "One for happiness, one for family, one for friendship, one for equality – " Here Thranduil paused and smiled at the two, before saying the last line. " – and one for love." Their hands now locked together, Legolas and Haldir had eyes only for each other. Legolas almost didn't notice when Faramir, Rumil, and Gimli stepped forward, ready for their part in the ceremony. Faramir came to stand on Legolas' right side, while Rumil did the same for Haldir, so that they stood on either side of the two bonding Elves. Then Gimli stepped forward, bringing forward a pair of slender chains, wrought of mithril, with chips of precious gems woven into them. They lay on a velvety cushion in his hands. He brought them to Thranduil, who then took them and gave one to Faramir and one to Rumil. The Man and Elf took the chains, and they bound Legolas and Haldir's wrists together with them, one chain around the wrists of each set of their joined hands. "Thou art now bound together as one. Thou shalt love one another, cherish one another, help one another, and protect one another, from this moment forward, for all of eternity. So it is now, so it shall be forever more. Blesséd be." Rumil, Orophin, Aragorn, Faramir, and Gimli repeated the last two words after Thranduil. This was quickly echoed by the ring of spectators giving their blessing upon the pair as well. Legolas and Haldir lowered their hands, but did not let go of one another or unclasp their hands as they leaned in and sealed their marriage with a single kiss. Then the ceremony was finished, and Legolas and Haldir were wed. The crowd of people applauded and cheered as Aragorn and Orophin set about undoing the chains that bound the two Elves together, which were then looped around the right wrist of each of the bonded pair, forming a matching set of bracelets. These bonding bracelets were to be worn at all times, so as to mark them as being bonded. Some of the Elven guests then brought forth instruments and began to start playing some music in celebration of the occasion. Legolas and Haldir led the first dance. Everyone watched them, smiling, for a moment before joining in. The party lasted long after the ceremony, the guests laughing and singing and making merry, and Legolas and Haldir were congratulated many times over the course of the reception. However, the highlight of the celebration was when Legolas began to sing, for none in the land of Middle-earth had ever heard a voice more lovely than that of Legolas Thranduilion. Through his life he was sought out by many, all just to hear a song from his lips. People of all ages and races would sit silent by him when he sang, spellbound by his beautiful voice. To have heard the youngest prince of Mirkwood sing was considered almost a precious gift. The Elves' friends and families listened with admiration as Legolas voiced his love to the heavens in song. Haldir danced before them on the wildflower fields of Ithilien, as much care and devotion in his steps as Legolas bore in his notes. Legolas and Haldir's eyes were locked on each other, and the lovers smiled at one another as they celebrated their bonding. The rest of the world seemed to fade away, and for Legolas it was as though no one else was there but for him and Haldir. He sang in his native Sindarin, yet no one needed to ask for a translation, for Legolas' voice touched them in such a way that all could understand his meaning whether they spoke the language or not. " Come now, my love, my dear And we shall see to the rest of the world tomorrow. Let us not worry what others may do or say For all I need is you The music of your voice The light of your eyes The warmth of your smile The feel of your lips on my own in a kiss Is all I could ever want In this whole wide world of ours In which you and I are the only ones who exist Sitting under the sun with you I can hear the trees sing joyously along As I give you this gift My song To my dear one, my love But fate works in mysterious ways, for even as the newly married pair danced and