So this was a one shot I had started a few weeks ago and I finally decided to finish it. If you're waiting for an update of my other story, I'm sorry! But do not worry, it'll be posted soon. Harry opened the door of the flat he shared with his best friend after arriving from work. The door led to the living room, and there he found Hermione Granger naked, her legs wide open for Ron, who was thrusting in. She lived in the third floor and they'd been neighbours for years now, but she had starting dating Ron a few months ago. And it seemed that they only had sex in the worst moments. The couple froze. Hermione, who was facing Harry, covered her boobs, although Ron moved his body so that his flatmate couldn't see hers. "Harry! Can't you just knock?" he asked. "Knock to get in my own flat? Can't you just use your bedroom?" He complained, "Or you could go to Hermione's flat!" "Ginny is there with Dean right now," Hermione explained. "Who is Ginny?" Ron asked her, still in the same position. "Oh, she's my new flatmate. You know Dean, don't you?" The boys nodded. "Harry, could you please turn around so that Hermione can dress without being seen?" Ron asked him. Harry sighed, "I'll be in my bedroom." Harry didn't understand why Ron did it. Whenever he brought a boy home he always used his bedroom, and he even sent a text to Ron so that he'd know beforehand. Harry was on Facebook when someone knocked on the door. "Come in," he said without taking his eyes off the screen. Ron came in, now in his undies, which was something that Harry was used to by now. Ron walked around naked all the time, or in his underwear, he didn't mind at all that Harry was gay, they had been best friends for years. "Have you met our new neighbour?" Ron asked. "Who are you talking about?" Harry asked, now looking at Ron. "A guy is moving in in front of us. His girlfriend is helping him with everything," Ron explained. "Oh… Well, no, I haven't met him. I should say hi. What's his name?" Harry asked. "Malfoy, Draco Malfoy," Ron said. That's an original name, Harry thought. He should probably go and say hi, he didn't want to seem rude, Ron had probably told the man about him. "Me and Hermione are going out this afternoon. Wanna join?" "No, not really. I have things to do, you know, and I've just seen you both naked again . Enjoy yourselves!" Harry spent a few hours sitting in front of his MacBook Pro, writing some documents for his boss. His eyes hurt, so he decided to take a break and meet his neighbour. Harry knocked on the door in front of them. He couldn't make out anything, until finally he heard some footsteps. Then the sound stopped. Probably Draco was checking who was outside. That wasn't fair, he would get a glimpse of him before Harry did. The door opened and the most gorgeous man Harry had ever seen appeared, a smile on his face. "Hey!" he said. "H… Hi. I'm Harry. Harry Potter." "Draco Malfoy. Ron has told me about you," he shook Harry's hand, tiny inside the blond's. "I would've come to meet you sooner, but I just didn't know someone was living here. Ron told me he'd seen you with your girlfriend bringing boxes," Fuck, he is an angel, Harry thought. He wanted to place his hand inside Draco's hair, it seemed… soft. And he had a beautiful toasted skin. And he was fit. And Harry could not believe that he was falling for his straight neighbour, who he'd just met. Draco laughed. He had a beautiful laugh, and his teeth were white as marble. "My girlfriend?" Draco laughed again and Harry came back to Earth, "You mean Pansy? No, she's just my best friend, I'm single." "Oh, I see. Well, if you need anyon-, I mean, anything, just tell me, ok? I'll be… eh, you know where to find me," Harry blurted. Draco laughed again, eating all of Harry's body with his eyes. "Okay, Harry. Thanks for everything." "Thanks! I mean, you're welcome!" Harry blushed and left without looking back. If he had, he'd seen how Draco Malfoy checked his ass, biting his lip. "So, have you met him?" Ron asked him when he got home. He had just entered their living room, Harry could hear Hermione climbing up the stairs on the other side of the wall. "Yes," Harry said, blushing. He drank his tea, trying to hide his blush. Ron saw him blush and smiled. "What's that?" Harry didn't reply. "Is little Harry in love with his new neighbour?" Ron teased. Harry looked at him, until finally he shouted, "Yes, I am!", he placed his hands in the air, as if he surrendered. "Well, I don't know if I'd like him as a person, but he's so handsome and warm and his laugh is so beautiful and he seems caring and fuck he's perfect." "I knew you'd like him," Ron said, laughing while he sat on the sofa next to Harry. "Wait… did you tell me to meet him to see whether I liked him or not?" Harry asked suspiciously. "Of course not, idiot. I just told you because polite people greet their new neighbours. Anyways, Hermione says we should invite him for dinner this Friday," Ron said. "What? Here?" Harry asked. He knew that if he let that man in, he wouldn't have a chance with him. Their flat wasn't the cleanest in England, Harry knew that, and he didn't want to give Draco a bad impression, even if he was straight. "Well, Hermione wanted to celebrate in her flat. With Ginny and the guy from the first floor, I always forget his name." "Seamus," Harry told him. That boy had the cutest accent ever, he'd come from Ireland seeking a job in London. "Yeah, Seamus. She also wanted to invite Minerva," Ron said quite fast. Harry grunted, "Really? She's old! Don't get me wrong, I adore her, but shouldn't it just be us? You know, the young members of the building." "She's alone, Harry. You just don't want her around in case she fucks it up," Ron told him. Ron was right, Minerva always fucked it up. Once he told a guy Harry really liked how many times had she heard Harry's bed creak. In their last dinner with her, she got drunk and danced on the table. Then she fell, and Hermione, Ron, Harry and Seamus ended up at the hospital, McGonagall with two rips broken. "Okay, but don't give her any alcohol," Harry muttered, "Shall I tell Draco about the dinner?" Harry asked his best friend. "Yeah, why not? But Harry, please, don't get too excited, you know he has a girlfriend," Ron said, caressing his arm. "Oh, no, he doesn't, Pansy is just his best friend," Harry told Ron, who didn't know that information. "Well, still. Anyways, off you go!" Harry went across the landing and knocked on Draco's door, while Ron spied them through the peephole. Apollo opened the door again, smiling at Harry. "It's you again! I was about to take a shower," he laughed. Harry's mouth almost fell open. Draco had taken his jeans off, and now he was only wearing a white T-shirt and a pair of undies with blue and white stripes. He didn't even bother to put something on. Did that mean that he didn't mind if Harry saw him semi naked?, Harry thought. He had just interrupted him before he took his shower, what if he was annoying him? "Err… We wanted to celebrate a dinner with Hermione, Ron, Seamus, Ginny and McGonagall! And me, of course. As a way to welcoming you," Harry explained. "Oh, great idea. I wouldn't go to that dinner if you weren't there, trust me. But, who are Ginny, Seamus and McGonagall?" Draco asked. Harry's legs were now jelly. I wouldn't go to that dinner if you weren't there, trust me . Was he teasing him or something!? "Seamus and McGonagall live in the first floor, and Ginny in the third one. She shares a flat with Hermione," Harry informed him. "It sounds nice. When are we gonna have that dinner? So that I can prepare something." "This Friday. That's two days away," he said, causing Draco to laugh, which caused Harry to blush. He was about to leave when he heard his name. "Harry…" It was Draco. Harry turned around until he was looking at him again, "Yes?" "Why don't you give me your phone number so that we can text and there's no need to be knocking on each other's doors?" Harry could not believe it, but he reacted before it looked awkward. "Okay." Draco handed him his phone, "Save your number," he told the raven boy. Harry typed and saved his phone number, while Draco stared at him intensely, Harry not noticing. "Done!" he returned the mobile phone. "Great. I'll send you a text later so you get my number. See you, Harry," Draco said. "Bye!" Harry said while Draco closed the door. He then came back home running. "Did you see that!?" Harry told his friend, who had been waiting on the other side of the door. "Okay now I highly doubt that he's straight," Ron told him, "I mean, he wouldn't open the door in his underwear to a boy he's just met if he were straight. And he wouldn't check a boy out while he saved his phone number on his phone. And he wouldn't-" Harry left to his room, "Where are you going?" Ron followed him. "I'm gonna stalk him!" Harry said. Ron rolled his eyes, "Harry, you can't stalk him. You've done it before and it never turns out well." "Shut up." Harry went on Facebook and searched Draco Malfoy . A few profiles appeared, the second one being its neighbour's. "Found him, Ron". Ron rolled his eyes again. "Look, he's a lawyer. Nice!" Harry said without taking his eyes off the screen, and Ron got closer to the screen, "Does he have any pictures?" Harry started looking trough his pictures, until he found something that caught his eye. "Ron!" he shouted, grabbing his best friend's by his jumper's sleeve. "This is Pride!" "What?" "This picture was taken during last year's pride! Look at the description!" Why we march? For us and four our rights and for those who can't! Harry grabbed Ron by his shoulders and started shaking him, "Do you see what this means!? He's not straight! And if he was checking me out…" Harry looked at the ceiling, thinking. Harry's phone buzzed, it was Draco's message. unknown: [thinking about that dinner] "He knows how to tease," Ron said, looking at the blocked screen, "Ok, Harry, look at me. Wait until that dinner and you try to get him. Okay?" Harry nodded. Harry and Hermione were preparing the table while Ron finished cooking the dessert. Draco, Seamus and Minerva would be here in any minute. Ginny came in, she was at the supermarket buying some alcohol for the night. She left the bottles on the table when someone knocked. "Don't worry, I'll open!" Harry told the rest. He was hoping it was Draco. Harry opened the door to find Minerva and Seamus standing there. Since they lived in front of each other, they'd probably come together. "Good evening, Harry, dear!" McGonagall told him while she entered the hall that led to the living room, "How's your sex life?" she asked. Harry froze, "Eh… good, thanks for asking. And good evening to you too, Minerva," Harry told her while he led them both to the table. "So, when are we meeting that Draco Malfoy?" she asked, "Quite an original name, don't you agree, Seamus?" she asked the Irish guy. "Yes, indeed, Minerva.