Recently I've been reading a lot of Lucius/Harry and, although I didn't use to be a huge fan of this couple, now I am (thanks to people like Severus1Snape and their work 'Anyone on the line?'. Check it out!) Hopefully my Lucius Malfoy doesn't suck, I've never written anything with him as one of the main characters. The new elf in the Malfoy manor was approaching her Master's bedroom. Lucius Malfoy's bedroom door was huge, specially if compared to such a small creature, the black wooden doors reaching the tall ceiling. Inky was carrying a breakfast for two, which she had cooked in the kitchen. She loved serving her Master. She was almost there when the door abruptly opened, Draco Malfoy coming out, hands in the air. "For Merlin's sake, Father! I'm so fed up, have some control!" The boy said. "Which of us are you talking to?" Lucius shouted. Draco Malfoy walked past Inky without looking at her, and she finally got a glance of what had disturbed the young Malfoy. On the other side of the doors there was Master's big bed. On the left there was a door through which Draco had come in the bedroom, probably looking for his father. The bed was huge, around fifteen people could easily fit in, and it was covered with a black velvet blanket. In the middle, Lucius Malfoy was fucking his new husband, who was in his legs, hair pulled by Lucius, ass in the air, handcuffed and blindfolded. Harry Potter had married the Malfoy patriarch a few months ago, after rumors and speculation from the press, which claimed that the Boy-Who-Lived was dating the ex-Death Eater. And indeed, they were. Harry Potter had met –again– Lucius Malfoy in the Ministry of Magic. Lucius didn't go to Azkaban, since the trial proved that he'd been under the Imperius curse. Narcissa, though, was sent to jail, where she died just after a few weeks. Lucius started his life again, still working at the Ministry, now as the Head of the Department of Magical Law enforcement. Harry worked there for him, and the two of them shared many hours together. Harry found Lucius rather… intoxicating, and so did Lucius, who wanted the boy since he first came in. Lucius told his staff that he wanted them to go and have a beer in a pub near the Ministry due to his upcoming birthday. However, he then told everyone, except for Harry, of course, that it was all so that he could have a date with the Gryffindor. None of them attended the party, and Harry Potter found himself alone, in a gay pub, with his boss. "Good evening, Harry," Lucius told him when the boy came in the pub. He's gorgeous and he will be mine , Lucius thought. Lucius loved everything about him: his hair; his eyes; his beautiful, pale body. Everything. He was also quite shy and blushed easily, which was quite adorable, in Lucius' opinion. And he was so tiny. Lucius was wearing a white shirt with the first four buttons unbuttoned, leaving part of his hairless built chest there for anyone to see. He wanted Harry to see. Harry approached him and then sat next to Lucius, surprised by the lack of colleagues. "Good evening, sir." Lucius chuckled, "No need to call me sir, Harry, we're not at the office." The boy just nodded, "Where's everyone?" "Sadly, they couldn't come. They all had something to do. Or maybe they didn't want to spend time with their boss." Lucius drank some of his beer. "Why… why are we in a gay pub, si- Lucius?" Harry asked, blushing. He couldn't help but stare at the naked men dancing in poles or just at the men in the dance floor dancing, or rather, rubbing against each other. "Oh, well, it's close to the Ministry and it's rather discreet, I didn't want people buggering you or me for being who we are. It'd have spoiled the party for the rest of the Department. It's also a good place considering… well, us." Harry blushed, again. Adorable , Lucius thought. "Us?" "Oh, come on, Harry, I know you like men. You're quite obvious," Lucius commented while Harry was served a cup of beer. "You… you're gay too?" Harry asked. Lucius grinned, getting more comfortable and placing his hands behind his head, "No, not gay," Lucius saw disappointment in Harry's eyes, "I'm bi," And light came back to those beautiful green eyes. "Oh… That's great," Harry muttered. The Malfoy smiled at him. "Would you like to dance? We should have fun, even if it's only the two of us," Lucius said. Harry nodded, feeling quite uncomfortable. Lucius stood up and held his hand out, inviting Harry to join him. The boy reached for it and went with the man, who led them to the dance floor. Harry kept some distance between him and his partner, which was something that the other men were not doing with theirs. Lucius Malfoy started moving his hands all over his own torso, moving his hips sensually, always looking inside Harry's eyes. He approached the younger man, until he had him dancing against his chest. Lucius placed one of his big hands on the Gryffindor's back, locking the man between his strong arm and his chest. With his other hand he held Harry's chin and moved the boy's head upwards, until Harry was looking at him, their lips so close that Lucius could feel the young man's breath against his mouth. But what aroused Lucius were his eyes. The green pits Harry normally had as eyes had become two dark wells of lust. Harry, meanwhile, could feel Lucius' hard erection against his, and he was not complaining. He really liked Lucius, despite denying it to himself over and over again. He loved the way the man looked at him, as if he were a prey, but he also looked at him as if he were something to protect, to love, to take care. There was also that deep voice, Harry wouldn't mind listening to it whenever he woke up. But what drove Harry crazy was his style and presence. He looked so dominant and he was always sexy, his hair on point and his unbuttoned shirt leaving almost nothing for Harry to imagine. Harry stood there, between Lucius' strong arm and chest, waiting for what was coming. Lucius lowered his head and Harry stood on tiptoes so that he could reach those lips. Lucius pressed his tongue against Harry's lips, asking for permission. Harry opened his mouth, completely oblivious to what was happening and lost in Lucius' affection. The man pushed his tongue inside Harry's, controlling and dominating the other tongue, making sure that Harry knew who was in charge. Lucius started to move his hand until it reached his lover's waist, asking for permission to touch Harry's perfect ass. He wanted to taste that edible ass since he first saw it coming in the office. Harry grabbed Lucius' arm and moved it so that his hand covered one of his cheeks. Malfoy then squeezed, smiling against Harry's lips. The couple started moving their hips against the other's, never losing contact between their lips. When they were almost out of breath, they stopped and stood there, gasping. Lucius now had his arms around Harry, "I want everyone in this room that you belong to me," he growled, making Harry purr and rub against his body. Lucius smiled, he got what he wanted. After that date, if it can be called a date, the couple spent more time on their own, especially in Harry's flat. They could not be seen together since there wasn't a formal proposal, and Lucius respected wizarding traditions. But that flat was enough. Harry discovered there that his new lover was a beast: he'd broken Harry's bed twice while having sex. Lucius, though, had discovered how submissive Harry was. He loved controlling him, tying him up, gagging him, telling him when he could or could not come, being called "Master", and the young boy really enjoyed everything about their sex life. Rumors started to appear on the newspapers and magazines after being seen together in a nudist beach in Majorca, Spain. Although Lucius tried to justify it, the press did not believe that they were there sent by the Ministry, considering that Lucius had booked a single room in a luxurious hotel with one bed for the two of them, or so it seemed. The photos in which Harry was applying some sun lotion on the man's back didn't help them either. They finally decided to get married after a few months in the relationship, basically because the press had started stalking their colleagues and loved ones, and they could not tolerate that. Harry told his friends and the Weasleys first, and they took it rather well, even Arthur Weasley. But then it was Draco's turn, who had been told by his father that it was all rumors and there was nothing between them, so that the boy didn't have to deal with the press. Lucius summoned his son to the library, where he was waiting on a sofa, Harry next to him. Draco face was a poem when he saw the man sitting next to his father, but he just gulped and sat in front of them. "Did you want to see me, Father?" He'd asked. "Yes. I need to tell you something, Draco. Harry Potter and I have been in a relationship for a few months," Draco placed his head between his hands, "And we'll be getting married in a month." Draco's head sank between his hands even more. "What!? He's my age, he could be your fucking son! Honestly, Father, what is this all about!?" "You've heard me, Draco. Harry will take our surname, becoming Harry James Malfoy. You know what that means, right?" Draco looked at him, confused, "He'll be come your stepfather, so from now on you'll call him 'Father', like you do with me." Draco laughed, moving in the sofa, "I'm not calling him father, Father!" He could not believe what he was listening. Lucius smirked, "To which of us are you talking, Draco?" Draco stood up, "You're sick," he told Lucius. The other man just sighed and looked at the young replica of himself, "I am not. The wedding will be held in the countryside, you are more than invited, obviously. The Weasleys are coming, as well as our colleagues and friends and everyone we considered 'loved ones'. And you're still in that list, of course you're. Oh, your father will be moving in after the wedding, if you don't see me leaving my, our , room from that day on, that's why." He laughed and winked at Harry. Draco stared at Harry, who curled against Lucius, and left the library. The engagement was official now, and the press went crazy. It was like the wedding was the social event of the year. The boy who killed Lord Voldemort marrying a man who helped him under a curse. The press kept stalking people that knew them, until they told them that they were happy for the couple. Draco, though, was the only one who did not find it as nice as the rest. The press published many articles about it, wondering why the Malfoy heir was so negative about the engagement. Many thought that it was due to Lucius' will. If he got married, his new partner would inherit all his properties automatically, instead of Draco. This was more than clear because Harry was taking Lucius' surname. If it'd been the other way round, Lucius would inherit Harry's properties if he passed away. But Harry was not taking his lover's surname for that reason. It was part of their game, in which Harry was Lucius' slave, and Lucius, Harry's master. It was a way to prove how much Harry submitted himself to this man, how much he wanted to