So I had to take a long flight today and obviously I had this idea when I was sitting in my seat and looking through the window and immediately started typing on my phone. Yep, I know I owe you the second chapter of "Veela in Disguise", but I had my laptop in my luggage. It'll be updated soon, promised! Enjoy! "Calm down, Draco, it's only two hours of delay," Harry told the grumpy blond flight attendant while they entered the cockpit. Harry sat on his seat and sighed, while Draco closed the door, proceeding to sit on Harry's lap. "But, you know, I could be having some fun with my favourite pilot, instead of being trapped here," the blond smirked, placing his hands on Harry's shoulders. "What a naughty boy you are. Who would have said that this cutie is always thinking about sex or making out?" Draco groaned and buried his face in Harry's neck, smiling. The other man placed his hand on Draco's booty. "As if you didn't want to," Draco replied, biting the flesh he had in front of him. Harry and Draco had met when the latter had started working as a flight attendant. Harry was a pilot during one of their shifts, and after a few stares they ended up fucking in the small bathroom of the cabin, during a flight from London to Tokyo. Their relationship had developed, but it never left the plane, and if it did, they always made it look like it was a friendship between two colleagues. "Draco, we never do anything romantic or sexual outside the aircraft," Harry replied, giving him a chaste kiss. "It's not my fault, is it?" "Are you saying it's mine?" "Well, yeah, it is, because you don't dump that idiot you have as a girlfriend," Draco snapped, standing. Harry grabbed Draco's hand before he could leave, "Draco, babe, we've talked about this. I can't break up with Ginny, I don't want Ron to get angry with me because I dumped his sister." "He won't care, Harry. Cedric knows and doesn't care. Hermione knows and doesn't care. Luna knows and doesn't care. And Ginny wouldn't take it that badly, she knows you're bi. Ron has been your co-pilot and best friend for years, just because you met Ginny through him doesn't mean you owe him anything. Just tell him that you're into blokes as well, and that you are going out with me. See you later." Draco tugged his hand and left the cockpit, entering the cabin, where he found Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger snogging in one of the passengers' seats. After a cough, Ron noticed him and stopped, "Oh, hi, Draco!" He said while Hermione stood up and straightened her skirt, "Is Harry inside?" Draco just nodded and Ron smiled, "Awesome! It'll be better if I make sure everything is okay, there's no reason why he should do it on his own." Ron stood up, ducking so his head would not bump with the reading lights. Hermione and Draco went to the end of the aircraft, "You seemed a bit disappointed. What has happened in there?" She asked while she struggled to put her heels on, which she had brought inside her small suitcase. "You know, the usual. Harry won't tell Ginny about us, and I'm tired of fucking only in the plane and not being able to call him my boyfriend in public. He doesn't want Ron to know." "I see, he's as stubborn as always. Well, that's something for Harry to tell, not me, I'm afraid," Hermione placed her hand on Draco's shoulder, "He'll do it, it'll just take some time." "Anyone in here!?" A voice shouted from the door of the plane. "We're at the end, Cedric!" Hermione shouted back, placing her suitcase in her small locker. The other man approached, "Two hours of delay, which means two hours of free time without obnoxious passengers," he said while he placed a kiss on Draco's and Hermione's cheeks, "I've bought something, two Frapuccinos from Starbucks for my two favourite flight attendants: Draco Malfoy and Luna Lovegood." He said, showing two cups he was holding with his left hand, his right hand holding his own cup. Hermione punched him, "That's mean!" "I'm kidding, Luna's already had some before reaching the airport, I bought these after the security control. I left her there, she had brought some knives her father got her." Draco rolled his eyes, "She always has something in her suitcase that is not allowed, and she's being doing this job for years." Hermione sighed, "Anyways, gonna make sure nobody has stolen the life vests, we don't want anyone to die in the unlikely event we land on water ," Hermione said mimicking the voice from the record they used to explain the security rules, "Not that I care if they do, I just wanna go home." Cedric snorted and sat on one of the folding seats they had for the employees, "So, how is it going with your sexy and handsome pilot?" he asked while he had some more Frapuccino, the straw making a weird noise when there wasn't more liquid, as if it were struggling to breathe. Draco sat next to him, "Nothing new, I was talking about that with Hermione. Why won't he just tell her?" "Hey, it was difficult for me to tell my family," Cedric commented. "Cedric, you are dating Oliver Wood who, in case you've forgotten, plays for England's football team and, in case you've forgotten, there were pictures of you two everywhere. I'm pretty sure your parents already knew he was fucking you." "Well… yes, they obviously did. But it was still difficult, basically because I loved them, and that's what happens to Harry." Draco sighed and closed his eyelids, placing his head against the wall he had behind him. "So, how is it going with Ginny?" Ron asked Harry while he checked the flaps. "Fine, I guess." "Really, she complained about… this is awkward, well, your sex life. She says you haven't had sex in ages. Are you shagging someone else, mate?" Ron laughed. Harry turned around and looked at him, "Ron, in case you need to know, I'm not fucking anyone else, it's just that, as any human being, I can come back from work exhausted, and not in need of a shag. I'm not the one who Luna found having sex with his girlfriend in the middle of the corridor, ten minutes before the passengers came in, I'm not that thirsty." Ron rose his hands, as if he surrendered, "Okay, calm down, it was just a joke. And we would have used the toilets, but Draco and Cedric were using both ." Harry sighed and stood up, "I need to pee, I'll check the slats when I'm back." He left the cabin and saw Draco, Cedric and Hermione laughing and talking on the other side of the plane. Draco was so gorgeous, and he was so lucky to have him. He could leave him and find another guy, but the blond had decided to stay with him, even if he did not want to break up with Ginny. He was about to get inside the bathroom next to the cockpit when Luna came in. "Oh, hi, Harry," she said. She had a mystique voice, "You looked tired. A certain blond boy is not letting you sleep? Or is it a ginger girl?" "Ehh… I… I just needed to go to the bathroom," he replied opening the door. "I see. I actually had some knives my father had given me, but the security guys didn't let me take them in. As if I were going to behead a passenger." Harry, who knew of Luna's randomness, just ignored the comment and went inside the cubicle. He sat on the toilet and took his wallet from his pocket. He opened it and took the pictures he had taken in a photo booth with Draco after a flight. In the first one they were sitting one next to the other, while in the second pic Draco was borrowing Harry's uniform cap. In the third one, Draco was wearing the cap and smiling at the camera, while Harry was kissing him on his cheek, his hands on Draco's shoulders. Someone knocked on the door, and Harry immediately hid the wallet with the photos in his pocket, just in case it was Ron. "Come in," he shouted while he opened the latch. Someone opened the door, leaving it ajar, and Harry saw Draco's grey eye, "Oh, it's you." The blond flight attendant opened the door and came in. Their bodies were almost touching due to the lack of space in the bathroom. "I'm sorry for being so rude earlier," Draco said, looking down while Harry closed the door behind. "Hey, it's fine, you had the right," he grabbed Draco by his chin and kissed him deeply. The other man smiled against his lips. "We still have an hour to go and I don't wanna waste my time," Draco said, winking. "I have a favourite flight attendant with whom I'd like to spend this hour," Harry replied. "Oh? Cedric? He's taken, Potter," Draco replied cheekily. "Nah, my attendant is actually super hot," Harry growled in Draco's ear, a deep laugh making Draco shiver while he kneeled on the floor. Draco proceeded to unfasten Harry's belt, letting the jeans fall to the floor. Meanwhile, Harry unbuttoned his white shirt, exposing his hairy chest. "It seems like you have a plane down there that wants to take off," Draco said, smirking. Harry placed his strong arms behind him and smirked, "I'm sure it needs a flight attendant on board." Draco pulled down Harry's underwear, the dick bouncing. He was in love with Harry, but also with the man's dick. It was long and thick, probably around 8 inches. Thick veins ran through it, like rivers run through valleys and mountains. And at the base, you could find a dark forest. It smelled of sweat, of Harry . Draco loved when Harry deep-throated him and he found himself with his nose in his lover's pubes, saliva spilling from his mouth. Draco placed the tip on his tongue and looked up, fixing his eyes on Harry's and giving his boyfriend a wink. He then started caressing Harry's hairy built torso, playing with the pilot's balls with his free hand. "Fuck, you're so beautiful," Harry gasped, placing his head against the mirror he had behind, concentrating on the ceiling so that he wouldn't spill inside Draco's mouth like a horny teenager after ten seconds of blowjob. Draco then swallowed the whole shaft, catching Harry by surprise. He knew how to suck him, he'd had experience. He'd never been on Grindr or any of those Apps for hooking up, but he was a flight attendant, a handsome one, with a long list of blowjobs given to different pilots in bathrooms like the one he was kneeling on right now. But that was just sex, with Harry he wanted something more. His head bobbed, Harry groaning and Draco moaning with the cock inside his mouth. His jaw was sore and his lips hurt due to having them so stretched for such a long time. Draco saw how the other man's knees trembled due to the pleasure. Harry even had to place a hand on the sink he had behind lest he fall. "Draco, babe, your skills never fail to amaze me but if you don't stop I'm gonna cum and I still have to fuck you." When Draco heard what Harry had planned for them, he immediately stopped sucking his boyfriend, his mouth making a 'plop' sound when he freed Harry's penis. He stood up and started kissing Harry, while the pilot unbuttoned Draco's shirt, which was thrown to the floor with Harry's jeans, forgotten. Draco sat on the sink, and Harry pulled the jeans and underwear that his lover was wearing down from