Look, i'm not going to sugar coat it; this is 100% pure fluff. It's practically marshmallow down there. Written for Fandom for Phillipines. Beta'd by the lovely MagTwi and Astro2009. Also, TKegl did an amazing banner for me, but I lost the link because i'm a wanker like that. Just be aware that it was awesome, that's all I ask. Disclaimer : I don't own, and I won't pay your dentist's bill either. 9:05pm The sun is setting over the city; streaks of orange, pink, and yellow beam through New York skyline like lights on a stage. My girlfriends and I sit at the tiny table and chairs on my balcony listening to the traffic below. Out of nowhere, Leah slams her palm on the table, rocking the empty beer bottles violently. "Tonight is the night, Bella. It's the night," she insists, her dark eyes zeroed in on me intently. "The night for?" She grins. "Tonight, my good friend, is the night that you're finally going to get that skinny ass of yours laid." I raise a hand to high-five hers, while Emily gives a Praise Jesus to the sky. It's been too damn long since I've felt the touch of a man other than my doctor, and I am ready to break the dry spell. "Look, I don't care if I don't get laid," I say honestly. "It would be nice, don't get me wrong." Lord knows it's been a while . "Tonight, I just want a kiss. A real honest-to-goodness, kiss. A toe-curling, earth-shattering, knee-shaking kiss." Emily cocks her head, her blond ponytail swishing behind her. "But what about-" I hold a hand up, interrupting her. "Don't even. Tyler from work does not count as a kiss. I am repressing." She scoffs, her perfectly manicured fingers slopping her pink, girlie drink all over my balcony. "It can't have been that bad." "Are you kidding? The man had enough saliva for the both of us. Too much spit and way too much tongue. It was..." I shudder, compulsively wiping at the corners of my mouth. "Right, so it's settled then," says Leah, standing and holding her beer bottle in the air. "Operation Get-Bella-Some-Dick is in effect!" Emily stands too, and then they're both standing there looking like the world's worst superhero team. "Okay. So where to then?" I ask, polishing off the last of my beer. Em shrugs, sitting back down. "James is working at Volterra." She tries to look nonchalant, focusing on the label of her bottle like it holds the key to world hunger, but it's obvious she wants him. "No!" says Leah. "No stuck up pretentious bars until I'm sufficiently wasted. What about Pot of Gold?" Emily bemoans Leah's choice, but I nod, and thirty minutes later we're in a cab on our way across town with operation Get-Bella-Laid in full swing. 10:05pm The music in Pot of Gold, our favorite Irish bar, is so loud that I can't hear Emily speak. She's standing right in front of me, talking about God knows what because I can barely hear her. "Want another drink?" I yell. She blinks slowly, furrowing her eyebrows. "Huh?" It's too tiring to even keep trying, so I shake my head, waving it off. Apart from the loud music and pub regulars, there are at least two groups celebrating birthdays, a bachelor party, and an entire soccer team crammed into the tiny bar. The soccer team is rowdy, bordering on obnoxious, but seemingly filled with a lot of incredibly good-looking men. Good-looking men who are also Irish, and I don't care what anyone says, but a man with an accent other than my own is hot. The crowd around me jostles, and I curse as my beer sloshes onto my hands. Grinning like a Cheshire cat, Leah emerges through the masses with a tall, dark-haired guy attached to her arm. "Bella!" she yells, shoving him in front of me. "This is Paul. He plays... what was it again?" "Midfield," he answers with a nod. Leah screws her face up and looks at me. "Did you understand that? Mud field? Midfeld?" "Beckham plays midfield," he says proudly with a wink. He's definitely a good-looking guy; tall and well built with dark curly hair and green eyes. He's got more than potential- he's got dimples. The only slight problem is that he's incredibly drunk. Even as he eyes me lazily, he's swaying from side to side. "Paul," he says with a voice like a foghorn. "Bella," I yell back, shaking his huge hand. He lifts his empty glass, pointing at it. "You wan anoter drink?" "Uh...um, cheers!?" I say, lifting my glass to his with a clink. He laughs uproariously, flashing those cute-as-a-button dimples. Still laughing, he grabs the glass from my hand and walks away. "He's cute, right?" asks Leah while I wonder where he's going with the other half of my Guinness. I nod. "He's definitely kissable. And he's drunk, so obviously I'm in with a chance." "Who likes to dance?" yells Emily, straining to hear. "No, I'm in with a chance ," I reply, practically screaming in her ear. Em responds with a frown and a shake of her head. Paul brings me back a drink the size of my face, smiling sweetly. With much difficulty, I discern that he's from Dublin, and is in the US for three weeks on a tour with his soccer team. His accent is thick and becomes even more pronounced the more he drinks. With every sip I understand less and less. Also, he gets a little boisterous when he talks, add to that the fact that he seems to be getting drunker by the minute, and you've got yourself one funny guy. "Then Collin, the lit'le cant, looks away fer a feckin' second, and th' feckin' ball whacks him in th' feckin' face! Blood goes ever'where! He cried like a feckin' tree yeer old." I blink slowly. What? Before he can repeat himself for the millionth time, a rowdy rock song comes on. "Dance?" he asks, holding an arm out. Filled with enough beer to give me courage, I follow him out to the dance floor, trying not to catch an elbow in the face as we push through the crowd. Paul doesn't really dance- he bounces. It's a strange jig to watch; the way he jumps up and down, bobbing his head to the music - not in time, of course - but the funny thing is that I feel the compulsion to do the exact same thing. But it's fun, and we end up laughing at each other more than anything. Soon enough he starts to look at me with that little gleam in his eye. The music around us is still thumping, the sound of some 80's rock song screaming out of the speakers, but we've moved in closer. Close enough for him to wrap an arm around my waist and pull me close. This is it. My heart skyrockets into my throat. I'm getting a kiss and I don't care if we're in the middle of the dance floor and that there are dozens of people around us and that he smells like a brewery. I'm all prepared to have the shit kissed out of me, when all of a sudden we begin to sway, and not in a slow-dance kind of way. I'm not sure whether it's him or the crowd, but we're moving sideways, kind of falling in very, very slow motion. I stumble a little, but apparently, this does nothing to deter Paul, because he's coming in for a kiss and there's nothing I can do about it. Trying to stop myself from falling, I turn to steady us… and that's when I feel it. His tongue in my ear. He is so drunk that he mistakes my ear for my mouth. I can hear his tongue moving in and out of my ear hole. It feels like a slug has taken up residence in my aural cavity. When he starts sucking on my ear lobe I can't take it anymore. "Ack! Stop!" I cry, pushing his face away from me, and in effect, his body as well. Wiping his saliva from my ear, I look up at his dumbstruck face. He opens his mouth to say something when from behind, some dick in a Hawaiian shirt pushes into him and splat - Paul's glass hits the floor and the entire contents of it splash over my feet, soaking through my shoes and jeans. Even over the raucous noise of the bar, I can hear my two friends in complete hysterics nearby. "I'll be right back," I say, leaving him on the dance floor in a puddle of beer. The girls have almost stopped laughing as I grab them both by the arm, dragging them with me out the front doors. 11:45pm "My feet are all sticky." Emily bounces on her tiptoes, waving. "Hey! James!" "This fucking line is taking for-fucking-ever." Leah leans over and sniffs me. "You smell like beer too, just saying." "James!" "I feel violated. I've been ear-raped." Leah shrugs. "You should probably get checked out. Inner ear infection, ear warts, ear crabs…" "James!" "Shut up, Leah." I groan, wiping out my ear for the millionth time. No matter how much I clean it, I can still feel a phantom tongue invading my ear space. "Is he ignoring me?" asks Emily, gesturing towards James. "Just flash your tits," says Leah. "No way. You do it," says Emily, crossing her arms over her chest. Leah doesn't even hesitate calling for James' attention and lifting her shirt over her head. "Hello, ladies," drawls James as he strolls down the line outside the club and takes Emily's hand, kissing the back of it. "Looking lovely tonight, Leah," he says with a wink. Ugh, he's so disgusting it hurts. With her shirt back in its rightful position, Leah rolls her eyes, but Emily practically falls over herself as he escorts us to the front of the line and gestures for the bouncer to let us through. I hate Volterra. It's pretentious and stuffy, and it's too dark and the music is boring. But Emily loves it. At least she fits in with her expensive clothes and wafer-thin body. Leah and I just look like two homeless bitches she found on the street. I think Leah's even wearing a flannel shirt. But it's spacious, and I'm not being knocked around by a soccer team or having my ear molested so for now it's fine. Leah immediately buys a round of shots, and before I've even finished the first one she's ordering another. She's in the mood to get hammered, and she's taking us down with her. Waving off a third, I excuse myself to freshen up in the bathroom. Sitting on the bathroom counter, I wipe the beer from my feet as best as possible, trying to get it from between my toes. My shoes are ruined. They may have only cost me fifty dollars, but they were my never fail comfy, sexy heels – and now they're ruined. The bottom few inches of my jeans are kind of damp, but they'll survive. After another ten minutes of methodically cleaning every nook and cranny in my ear, I head back to the girls. I spot Emily standing outside on the beautifully decorated Italian neoclassical inspired inside-outside deck, as new vogue, ambient psycho-pop drones over the state-of-the-art sound system… and I want to stab myself in the eye with a martini glass. Specifically, the expensive crystal ones behind the bar. Emily sidles over to me as I approach. "Okay," she whispers conspiratorially. "I've just met the perfect guy for you." I stop in my tracks. "I can tell I'm going to need a drink for this." She giggles. "No need. Stefan has a bar tab running, and he said we can order whatever we want." Like I'm her mentally deficient sister,