Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. It belongs to Stephenie Meyer. Hey, everyone! I just got home from RARE16 in Edinburgh, which was fabulous. This is my entry for the Twilight Diversity contest, which ended last week. The premise: At least one of the main characters should be from outside the U.S. It's set in Denmark during the German WWII occupation and some of the story is inspired by real events. Thank you so much to my beta, Chayasara, for your constant guidance and insight. I always feel so safe with my words in your capable hands. Thank you to my pre-readers, the organizers of the contest, and the other participants. Enjoy! BPOV "I've brought you fresh supplies, Isabella!" I watch as my younger sister waltzes in the door, unbidden, and places a wicker basket on my table. I barely look at it. "Thank you, Rose." My voice is monotone. She's beautiful. Her blonde hair is perfectly styled, and her makeup is flawless. In her new dress she looks just like Lana Turner. I'm shabby-looking next to the splendor that is she, but I don't mind. I wear my pleated skirt and simple white blouse with pride knowing that I bought them with my own money. Dusting some flour off my apron, I grab a cloth to cover the bread dough I was kneading. The silence between us is heavy, and it weighs on me, making me want to cry, scream, and yell, all at the same time. We used to be so close. "I brought you real cocoa!" she exclaims suddenly, sitting down at my kitchen table as though this is still her home. "Oh, let's have some. Just like Mother used to make!" I stare at her, doing my best to remember that this is not the sister I grew up with, the sweet, innocent girl who was always at my side. I hate her. I should hate her. Her big blue eyes plead with me. She's so young, only nineteen. Oh, Rose. "All right." Rose prattles on while I prepare the hot chocolate, my mouth watering at the smell as I mix dark, rich cocoa with sugar from her basket, stirring it with a little water before adding milk. I'll throw the rest out when she leaves Only, I know I won't. I'm too afraid to. "So will you come?" I look up. "What?" "To my dinner! All of the officers will be there. Goodness, I'm so nervous, but Reichhardt says it will be perfect with me as the hostess. Isn't that sweet?" "Sweet," I echo. "So will you come?" "I'm sorry, I have too much work." She rolls her eyes at me. "You're always working. You'll end up an old maid, you know," she teases, inspecting her red nails, the large diamond ring glinting in the light. Better an old maid than what you are. "Honestly, there are so many handsome officers in Reichhardt's company. He really wants you to come!" I can't stop myself. "Is that an order?" She pales, clutching her hands in her lap. "I know you don't like him," she whispers. "But I love him, and he loves me." She's half right. She does love him. She loves him with starry-eyed, idol-worshipping naiveté. As for him, I don't know. I know that he wants her enough to have married her, but whether or not a man like that is capable of love goes beyond my comprehension. My heart softens at the sight of her quivering lips, but my resolve doesn't. "I know you do," I say, pouring the hot liquid into a cup for her. It now smells sickly-sweet to me, but I make myself a cup anyway for show, and carry both to the table. "It won't last forever, you know," she says. "The war will soon be over. I won't be here anymore. He's taking me home to his family then." I merely nod my head. I don't know who will win the war or when it will happen, but I do know that regardless of the outcome, Rose is no longer welcome in this town. People are too afraid to say anything to her face, but they talk about her behind her back, calling her all sorts of names. I'm so thankful that Mother isn't here to see what her youngest has become. If only Father had been spared too. Pain grips my heart. The grief I feel for him is too new, too raw. It's only been three months. "How can you love a man like him?" I ask, gripping the cup tightly between my hands. "How can you live in that house?" Rose startles at the tone of my voice, the barely contained anger I can't conceal. "You're living in Hannah's house!" "They left. You know that." "It's not like they went on vacation, Rose!" I shout. "They fled! She was your friend, too, and now you're living in her house, eating from her plates, sleeping in her parents' bed!" The walls seem to echo my outburst in the silence that follows, and I know I've said too much. I miss Hannah, and I'm so glad she's safe. Our government acted wisely. They saw what happened in the countries around us and warned the Jewish citizens. Most of them were sailed to safety before the Nazis came for them. "I should go," Rose whispers, standing slowly as she straightens the front of her dress. I stand too, trying to will my hands to stop shaking. At the door she turns to face me again. "This is the way it is now." "I know," I murmur. "Maybe it's better if you don't come to the dinner party," she adds. I nod my head. "But I'll come back next week." It sounds like a question. I want to say no. I want to tell her I never want to see her again, but I don't, and it's not just because I'm afraid of her husband. Despite everything, I still love my sister, and I wonder if there is anything she could do that would change that. "All right," I whisper. "I'll see you next week." She smiles and the next thing I know, she's out the door, leaving me feeling weak and shaken in her wake. I awaken to the sound of pounding on my kitchen door, and my heart jumps into my throat. They're here! They've come for me now! There's no escape. Where would I run to? The pounding continues as I make my way downstairs, turning on the light in the kitchen. It's barely light outside. I want to be brave, to face them head on and show no fear, but my voice trembles as I reach the door. "W-Who is it?" "Isabella, it's me. Open up. Hurry!" Relief floods through me for a second as I recognize my cousin's voice, only to disappear as quickly as it came. I unlock the door with frantic movements, shivering against the night's cold outside. "Michael! What's happened?" He squints against the light behind me. "Isabella, we need your help." "We who?" I whisper, drawing my arms around my middle. He seems to deliberate for a moment before meeting my eyes again. "The Resistance." "The-the Resistance?" Feelings of pride as well as apprehension flood through me in equal measure. My cousin has always been brave, so I'm not at all surprised he'd be working against our invaders, but if they catch him . . . "What do you need?" His face relaxes with relief. "Remember the plane crash two weeks ago a few counties over?" "Of course." "Well, there was a survivor, an English pilot. We have him now." Michael draws a deep breath. "We're getting him out of the country. But . . . it'll take some time, and . . . we need somewhere to hide him until then." "Here?" He nods. "We don't think they'd come looking here, you see." "Because of my sister," I whisper. He spits on the ground. "Yes," he admits. "But that's not the only reason. Your English is good, and you know about taking care of sick people." "He's sick?" "Nothing some good food and rest won't cure. His shoulder was dislocated, but we managed to put it right again." He looks straight at me. "I know what I'm asking here, Isabella. And I won't think any less of you if you say no." If they catch him here, he'll die. As for me? I don't know. Jail, for certain, maybe even death for harboring their enemy. Their enemy. My friend. "I'll do it." "Thank you. We'll get him out as soon as we can. Hopefully, we'll get word to London tomorrow and go from there." "So, where is he?" Michael lifts his right arm and points his thumb over his shoulder. "He's here now?" "In the back of the truck." "Well, bring him inside! Jesus, Michael, what if a patrol had stopped you?" "I think they're all otherwise occupied down at the train station tonight," he chuckles. "Oh, God. I don't want to know." "Good. The less you know, the better. I'll go get him." He hesitates. "Could you turn around while we carry him in?" "Why?" "It's better if you don't know who else is involved. It's not that I don't trust you, but it's better— just in case." He's right. If I get caught, they'll interrogate me. "But what about you?" I whisper. "I know you're involved." "I don't have children. And I don't plan on being taken alive if it comes to that." He pulls his jacket aside, showing me the end of a gun sticking out of his pants. "Might even be able to take a few of them with me," he adds with a grin. "Don't joke about that," I scold. "Your parents would be devastated. I would be devastated." "I'll be careful. Now, where should we put him?" "Upstairs." Not in Rose's old room. I haven't been able to go in there since the night Father died. I've moved into my parents' room, but it has the largest bed, so it should go to the pilot. "My parents' bedroom." "All right." I turn my back to the door, and after a few minutes, I hear some commotion behind me, followed by retreating footsteps. After a little while, I sense a few people behind me again and then feel Michael's hand on my shoulder. I turn around to face him. "Thank you, Isabella," he says sincerely. "I promise, we'll hurry." "Go now. And be careful, please." He takes my hand and holds it for a second. "You too." After he leaves, I lock the door behind him, listening as the truck drives away. My eyes drift to the stairs. There's a stranger in my bed right now. How surreal. I walk upstairs, tiptoeing into the darkened room. The first thing I notice is a pair of large muddy boots, now staining my clean sheets, and a pair of long legs encased in torn, brown pants. He's wearing a uniform jacket, also dirty and torn. There's a gun strapped to his side, and his left arm is in a sling. His eyes are closed, and he's breathing regularly, snoring a little. I wonder how long he was out there before the Resistance found him. His cheeks look a bit hollow even underneath the heavy scruff on his face. He's young. In his mid-twenties, like me perhaps? I certainly won't get any more sleep tonight, so I decide to make the most of it. He'll be hungry when he wakes up, and he'll need to be bathed and changed into fresh clothes. Some of his scrapes and scratches look like they could use a good cleaning. Back in the kitchen, I put some water on to boil and start assembling a big breakfast. Then I head back upstairs and take a seat next to the bed, staring at the wounded pilot. I'll have to hide him somewhere else