A/N: Hello there love's, yup. Here is my second attempt at Twific. Once again it's AU-Human, all Canon pairings and is of course, ExB. I have this entire story planned out in my head so it should only be about 20 chapters tops unless I dramatically change my mind. And away we go… DISCLAIMER: All things Twilight related belong to Stephanie Meyer. The events depicted in this story are entirely false and fictional and any similarities to real events are simply coincidental. All fictional text is owned solely by RainerNight and is not to be reproduced or redistributed without express written authorization RainerNight 2010 COFFEE MOURNINGS & COCKTAIL KNIGHTS Black Coffee -extra Espresso shot/ Dirty Martini- extra dirty. "If he calls again, you ignore him, honey. You hear me!?" Angela screamed from behind the counter. Her Starbucks apron sitting high in an attempt to hide her ample cleavage in her 'customized-by-Alice' Starbucks polo shirt. The things Alice could do with a pair of scissors blew Bella's mind continuously. Bella gripped the coffee holder in one hand, her Blackberry in the other. Her coat was hanging off the crook of her elbow and her black leather Big Bucket bag was barely keeping its place on her shoulder. "I promise, Ang. I'm so late! I'll see you later, Sweets!" Bella called over her shoulder. She almost ran into 3 different people just getting out of the Starbuck's but she was late. Carlisle and Edward would be waiting, and if Edward called her again she was going to go nuclear on his ass. She knew she was running late, no need to rub it in. Bella ignored the insistent throbbing of her feet. She knew she wouldn't have time between her apartment, the coffee shop and the office to change her shoes before the meeting with Carlisle so she skipped the sneakers and went straight for the Louboutins. It was a silly idea, also one she was now regretting as she near hobbled the 3 blocks to the office. Bella couldn't stop the grin that spread across her face when her favorite place in the world came into view. Cullen Tower was the proud home of a magazine empire, Breaking Eclipse. One of the hottest most sought after, most well known entertainment magazine's in the world. Bella was one of two Editor-in-Chiefs at BE, the other, being the one and only -Edward Cullen. Edward Cullen was the youngest son of magazine moguls Carlisle and Esme Cullen. He was the town's quintessential playboy with a knack for expensive whiskey, fast cars, sly smiles and the world's most infuriating wink. And for some unknown bizarre twist of fate reason, he was Bella Swan's best friend. Bella Swan had no desire for car's, playboy's or smiles but she was, just as every other female in the city, aware of the power of and Edward Cullen wink but, unlike every other female in the city, had managed to withhold pouncing on him like an un-fucked rabbit. Not because Edward wasn't gorgeous, or smart, or hilarious, he was all of those things, and he excelled at all of the above, but he was Bella's co-worker, support, and family. That had always been enough. Not to mention he was married. Bella strode confidently into the building, still with a little speed to her step. She ignored the greetings, smiles and waves from her colleagues as she pressed the button for the top floor relentlessly, willing the private elevator to go faster. "Bella," she heard, the moment the doors opened with a welcoming ding. Kate, Carlisle's receptionist was waiting for her as she exited the lift, taking her coat and the coffee's immediately from Bella. "Finally you get here girl, Edward's been pacing outside Carlisle's office for the past half hour." She crinkled her nose and walked along side Bella, matching her step for step. "I'm sorry, this morning's been crazy." …and I'm battling the year's worst hangover so Carlisle better not yell at me. Bella kept that last bit to herself. The way Kate was smirking it wouldn't surprise her if Edward had already informed her of her fragile state, and no doubt the cause of it. Kate slid her security card through the panel beside the frosted glass doors. Bella thanked her internally, knowing her own card could be anywhere by now. On the other side of the frosted glass stood Edward grinning from ear to ear leaning casually on the edge of Kate's desk. "…get that god damn smirk off your face, Edward!" Bella pointed, dropping her bag on Kate's desk to pull out her notes and the mock up copy of the following month's edition of BE. "My you're cranky this morning." Edward teased, his green eyes sparkling almost mockingly at her. She almost slapped him when he winked, holding up one half of a bagel smothered in cream cheese. "Breakfast, dear?" He offered, waving the bagel under her nose. Temptation set in. Bella narrowed her eyes and opened her mouth, allowing Edward to hold the bagel against her lips so she could take a bite. "If you taunt me in any way today, I'm leaving. You understand Cullen?" Bella threatened, pointing her manicured finger in his face. He wrapped the bagel in a napkin and handed it to her, taking her notes for her. He added them on top of his own folder that he lifted off Kate's desk. Bella's death grip remained on her Blackberry as she shoved the bagel in her mouth and chewed so hard and fast she thought her jaw would drop off. "How's your head this morning?" Edward asked, grabbing the coffee holder off Kate's desk, giving her another playful wink. "Fuck you, Edward." She closed her eyes tightly then opened them, licking her lips of the last crumbs and fell in step with Edward as they wandered the long hallway to Carlisle's office, or as everyone referred to it, the Green Mile. Bella actually found it quite ironic seen as Carlisle was more of a mouse than a warden. Edward thought he got a kick out of being intimidating so we kept his little secret. "How are you this morning? Still getting divorced?" She heard him scoff and turned to see him nod his head. "Yup, Jessica still plans on staying with her Yoga instructor so he can downward dog her ass all day. And yes, before you ask, she still insists on compensation for the 'emotional betrayal' I caused her while she was cheating on me, on my yacht on my fucking birthday." I nudged his side and he took a breath, reigning in his anger. "But my lawyer costs more than her tit's so I think I'll be fine." Edward's tone was so calm and so controlled you'd have no idea he was talking about a woman he once loved. Bella couldn't blame him though- she was a sadistic cold hearted bitch at the best of times. "I still have no clue what you saw in her." They stopped outside Carlisle's office and straightened their clothes. "When we first started dating I saw a C-Cup and an ass so tight you could bounce a quarter off it." Bella laughed at his honesty. "You're such a charmer." Edward shrugged as he picked a speck of lint off her Prada blouse and moved her necklace so it sat in the middle of her chest. "Charm is my middle name." Bella reached up, realigning Edward's tie for him as he arranged her mahogany curls so they fell around her face, sliding her bang's to the side so they didn't hang in her eyes. "Have you got Newton's promotion notes?" Bella checked. Edward nodded. "Did you remember to print off the roster for next season?" Edward nodded. "Did you forward the guest list for tomorrow night's function to me?" Edward nodded. "Fantastic." Bella tucked her Blackberry into her pencil skirt pocket and turned to face the door. "Tylenol?" she held her hand out and Edward placed the 2 pills in her open palm. She threw them in her mouth and swallowed them dry, trying to rid her face of the horrible look that gave her before she put her hand on the door. "Tonight I'm buying." Edward whispered to her as he leaned against the door on his side. "Damn straight you're buying. And I'm getting cocktails. No more fucking whiskey!" She said and they pushed the doors in unison. Carlisle looked up from his desk, grinning at the sight of them. "My two favorite people," Carlisle stood up, holding his arms out in a welcoming gesture. "Good Morning Carlisle." The two replied letting the doors shut behind them. -_-_-_- Bella made her way to Kate's desk after the very short meeting, still sipping on her black Coffee. She hated the stuff but it was the only way she'd get through the day. Edward waited for her at the elevator, watching as she slung the large bag over her shoulder. He pushed the button and smiled at her. "I like your bag." She chuckled. "That's because you bought it for me." "And it was the best anniversary gift my personal shopper ever bought you." He reminded her. She couldn't disagree. "I still don't understand the need for the anniversary." She told him as they entered the lift. Edward pressed for the floor below and they stepped back. "I remember when I started here - you remember when you started here. Why do we have to commemorate it?" Edward toyed with his trade mark hair in the mirror, tousling it just right so that all the ladies on their floor would swoon and make the peacock feel worthy of his feathers. Bella rolled her eyes. "It's because I have an underwhelming sense of self awareness and I need other people to buy me things to make up for it, and I can always use more socks." He explained. "I'll always give you socks." "I do love the novelty ones. I now have a different pair of Christmas socks for every '12 days of Christmas' and the red satin one's you gave me with the fur trim go perfectly with my Santa boxer's." The elevator doors opened and they stepped out into the front foyer. "I'm very happy for you and your feet." Bella said nonchalantly, stepping to the front desk. "Good Morning, Eric." She smiled at him, ignoring Edward who'd stepped up beside her, pouting. "Morning girl," Eric smiled at her, his black on black waist coat and button down shimmered under the harsh lights. "I heard you two had a hard night last night. May I congratulate you on your divorce honey, I think it's fabulous." He reached up, tapping Edward's forearm with a wink. Eric was fabulously gay and fabulous at his job and everyone at BE loved him. "Don't start him again." Bella rolled her eyes and pushed off the desk, heading through to the sliding doors which led to the main office. "You be brave Edward, you'll find a man one day!" Eric yelled after letting her know Edward had indeed followed her. "It still won't be you Eric!" Edward laughed sliding through the doors at the same time as Bella did. She turned and looked at him. "Wish that man would realize I'm not gay." "You're pretty, Edward. He just wants to be a part of your pretty." "Well he better stay away from my pretty butthole." Bella laughed and turned to him. The smile disappeared and she frowned seeing a pout on his lips. "Why are you still pouting?" She asked against her better judgment. He shrugged, "I had a great Santa sack joke I wanted to use but you blew me off after the sock talk." "Oh god," Bella snorted heading through the sea of glass creative room's and cubicles towards their office's at the other end of the floor. The two of them smiled, waved and greeted the writers, photographers, and other creative minds