A/N This just came to me. I'm thinking maybe five chapters and updating will be irregular but I had to post this. Enjoy xx It is the morning of the 74th Annual Hunger Games Reaping. Katniss is on edge as she readies her younger sister. As she braids her hair. As she brews mint tea for her to drink. For the older girl knows her name is in the ballot more times than enough. She knows that Gale's name is in it, but he should be okay for his last reaping. She looks at her sister; it's her first. Gale's brother too. They walk slowly down the path and onto the Justice Building grounds. They check in, Katniss reassures Prim that she'll be okay. Reassures herself that she'll be okay, and sends her off. She doesn't see Gale or Rory, but she sees Peeta instead. As if he feels her gaze on him, his head turns; his curls bounce as he meets her eyes and he smiles. She smiles back and turns away; he's her friend, the baker's son. She's the first to look away and ahead; silently she hopes he isn't picked. Effie Trinket appears in all her capitol glory. She's especially decked out this year in pink furry coats and a hat made of some type of exotic feather which Katniss doesn't understand because it's the beginning of September after a long summer. Moments later, the girl and boy are reaped. Katniss lets out the breath she hadn't known she'd been holding. It isn't her. It isn't Prim. It's not Peeta or Gale or Rory. The girl is Soren Waythers and the boy is Nevyn Maxon. Both seventeen. Both from the Seam. Katniss knows them. The Seam isn't a fairly large part of the district. She looks at them on stage as Effie closes out and knows that they won't survive. xxx The Star Crossed Lovers of District 12, they are called. It makes Katniss sick to her stomach. Their love affair shown for the world to see, to dote on, to judge. People talk about it in school. Peeta even sours on it when she goes to the back of the bakery to trade her game for his bread. The two are sent into the games not a week later. It is a brutal one this year, Katniss decides. A bloodbath. And when Marvel shoots little Rue, Katniss vomits, imagining Primrose in her place. Peeta invites her over for cheese buns when his mother isn't around and together they watch Soren and Nevyn kiss in the cave. Katniss blushes and turns away but Peeta's eyes are glued to the screen. A moment later she looks up and his eyes are on her. They stay like that for a second but Katniss blurts out that she would like some water. They miss the rest of the scene. xxx It was a lie. The whole thing. The moment Soren and Nevyn realize that she drops her knife and shakes her head as Nevyn pleads with her. "I won't do it," she cries. Blood mixes with her tears and leaves a trail on her dark skin. "You have to," Nevyn repositions the knife in her hand and aims it at his chest when she screams. "Wait!" She desperately reaches into her pocket and Katniss knows what they're going to do. She shields Prim's eyes. The tributes stand there, berries in their palms. A kiss, and they turn, stretching their palms outwards as if to show the world. They count and before it touches their lips a frantic voice rings out. "Stop!" And for the first time in history, there are two victors of the hunger games. xxx Extra grain, fruit, and power is distributed throughout District 12; even the Seam is compensated by some amount. Prim holds her first orange in awe and Katniss happily cuts it for her. They come back to District 12 a month later. Capitol media lines the train station with friends and family. When the train pulls into view, the first one to step out is Effie Trinket as she announces their return. They step out hand in hand, but they don't look triumphant. They look hollow, damaged. Katniss doesn't blame them. No one blames them. They don't return to school after that. And Katniss doesn't see Soren for eight months. xxx Delly is the first. For three days, her empty desk at the front of the room does not go amiss. It is odd for anyone to miss so many days of school unless there was a grave circumstance permitting it. Like death. Then one day, there she is in her seat. But she looks different. Her white blouse and navy skirt uniform are matted with spots of blood. Her usually bright, bouncing, long curls are pinned back into a frizzy, dirty heap of hair. And she's lost weight. In only three days of her absence, she looks unnaturally thinner, hunched over her desk in an odd silence. Well, everything about her demeanor at the moment is odd. Katniss is early, as she always is and excluding Delly, there are a total of eight students in class. It is enough though, for a steady stream of whispers to suffice. She takes her seat in the back of the classroom and glares daggers at anyone who looks in her direction. Delly doesn't deserve this. Katniss is sure that the blond girl is the sweetest girl in the district, well, next to… Peeta walks in minutes after Katniss and stops dead in his tracks when he sees Delly. The class goes silent. "Dells?" he whispers, crouching slowly in front of her; Katniss has never seen such a sorrowful look on Peeta's face before and cannot help but frown at the sight. "Delly what happened?" He tries again and she raises her head. Katniss stifles a gasp and looks away, busying herself by taking out her materials for class, but Peeta doesn't look away; neither do her classmates. Delly's face has changed the most. The rounded, flushed cheeks of a happy girl has been replaced with pale protruding cheekbones, purple bags sit under her drooping eyes, and one large flaming bruise sits on her forehead. Peeta rises and carefully takes his friend's hand, leading her outside the classroom. By the time the teacher comes in, they are still not back. She question's their absence and another girl in the class fills in for them. They come in later. The next day, Delly isn't in class again. But this time, there are no more rumors. xxx "Is Delly alright?" Katniss asks Peeta one afternoon as she hands him a squirrel. He doesn't flinch at the dead animal this time so it must be bad. He runs a hand through his curls and shuts the door behind him. "She's okay," his tone is less than convincing. "Peeta," she presses but he shakes his head. "Not here," he whispers. "Later." She doesn't know when later will be but she obeys bidding him a farewell and watching him disappear back into the bakery. Suddenly she looks around at the emptiness of the square and the lack of peacekeepers disturbs her for the first time in her life. xxx Madge is the next. She doesn't miss any days like Delly but after the weekend, the mayor's daughter is in her desk, hands folded, trembling. Her clothes have blood on them like the case before and she is twitching. Katniss knows it's at least twenty minutes before Peeta shows up and Madge is her friend too so she braves the stares and goes up to her desk. "Madge?" Katniss whispers, eyebrows furrowed and the blonde girl looks...straight through her. Katniss reaches out to gently brush her friend's arm but at the suddenly contact Madge begins to cry. The olive skinned girl panics, the one time she openly gives comfort she causes pain. Madge bursts out of her seat and sprints out of the classroom and Katniss goes back to her seat dumbfounded. Madge doesn't return. xxx On the walk home from school one day Prim takes Katniss' hand and clutches it hard. It's not an unwelcome gesture at all but she is thirteen now, almost as tall as her sister. Katniss squeezes back, looking at her. "What's wrong little duck?" Her sister's pale face is even paler than usual and her wide blue eyes filled with fear. "Something's not right, Katniss." Her voice shakes like never before. Katniss stops them and faces the blonde girl. "What would make you say that?" Prim swallows. "Last week in class, there were two girls missing. Then yesterday, three more. They all showed up today, disheveled, bloody." She takes her sister's forearms and stares into her eyes. "And Katniss," she whispers. "They're all merchant." xxx When Katniss and Prim return home, they are shocked at what they see. In her little, old house sit five blond girls; five merchant girls, Delly and Madge are not among them. Her mother comes around the corner and takes another girl when she sees her daughters. "Hello girls," her soft voice rings out. "I need your help in here, Primrose. Katniss, please go out back and get some water." Prim is automatically dutiful and follows her mother and the foreign blond girl but it takes a moment for Katniss to register; she eventually complies. As she leaves her home and goes around back to pump some water into a pail, she wonders why there are so many girls, so many merchant girls going to see her mother. It isn't uncommon for townies to come here instead of the one near them but so many at the same time, especially with the...predicament at hand that Prim was so afraid of. And what exactly is the predicament? "Katniss," a quiet voice calling makes her turn around and she stills. "Soren?" The girl's face is worried. "Is it true?" Katniss stands, furrows her eyebrows. Soren sighs. "About the merchant girls, is it true?" There is a tremor in her voice Katniss doesn't like. Soren and her weren't fast friends but they did grow up together. In class, sharing project responsibilities and in the lunchroom with the same hunger pangs gnawing at their stomachs. "Um," Katniss starts carefully. "A lot of them haven't been in school, and when they come back they're different." She gestures back at her house. "My mother is trying to fix them up, I think, but-" Soren closes her eyes, head to the ground. "It won't work." The girl with the braid steps closer folding her arms. "What do you mean it won't work?" Her voice is firm. " Soren , what are you talking-" Soren grabs Katniss's forearms and that is when she really sees her. Her eyes are bloodshot, purple bags hanging under them like it's their job. A victor should be plumper, bulkier, but she is thinner, paler and Katniss gasps when she sees the bump that Soren is sporting. Katniss had heard about the extravagant affair that was the Maxon wedding. It was an optional televised event but of course Katniss had mouths to feed, needs to fill, and didn't want to waste time watching something that she would surely hear buzzing around the District soon enough. What she didn't hear about was the pregnancy. "Katniss," Soren is a tall girl, but at that moment, she sounds so small it is almost pitiful. "This is all my fault." "Soren, I don't understand," Katniss shakes her head. "The berries. He's angry at us." The berries. The Nightlock berries. The stunt they pulled to both come home alive. Soren looks both ways before lowering her voice to an almost inaudible whisper that Katniss is sure if she wasn't a huntress she wouldn't be able to pick up. There is no one in the street save for two young boys kicking a rock a little ways over and a stray dog trotting along the forest path. No one is around.