Synopsis: This is an Alternate Universe storyline. In this storyline, Edward never heard Renesmee's thoughts. She, like Bella, he can't hear them. With that being said, because he never heard them, he never bonded with her, and never learned to love her. Along with him, neither did his family. Except for a selected few that appreciated Renesmee. After she over hears a conversation, Renesmee sees herself the same as her family sees her. The monster that murdered her mother. But also, she see's that her Father was a much happier person before she was born, and that she also took her mother from him. After the conversation, Renesmee decides she needs to give back to her father, what she took away, and decides that the only way for her family to be happy again, is for her to leave. However, before she leaves, she visits her grandfather Charlie Swan. Renesmee confides in Charlie how she feels. He tells her that, even though Charlie knows that Renesmee is different, he tells her he still loves her. Building a concrete hard bond with Renesmee and Charlie. He tells Renesmee he will keep their visit safe, in exchange for her to visit once in a while. Authors Note. Before anyone says, "This is stupid" Try to look at it from the Cullen's point of view, they had to watch Bella suffer while she was pregnant, they now have to call Renesmee family. For those who are going to say "The Cullen's are smarter then that, this is impossible" look at it this way as an example, Say if James didn't succeed in finding Bella, and instead turned into a good person. Would they consider him a friend, ally, or acquaintance? For me, I don't think so. Other changes in this storyline: Renesmee has never met the Volturi, and Jacob never returned to Bella when she was pregnant. Therefore, he's never met Renesmee, nor has he imprinted on her. Copyright: All rights go to Stefanie Meyer. ALL characters are hers. However the storyline, is mine. That's all that you need to know. Echo Chapter 1 Let it go. 30 years ago. I stared out of my bedroom window as rain pelted the glass. As much as I usually dislike the rain, today I found myself welcoming the rain. However, I wasn't only staring at the rain. I was staring at my own reflection. Nothing about it was different, My hair reached to the tops of my waists in a mangled mesh of ringlets, that as plain as they were, still were shiny and slick. I was wearing a tan turtleneck sweater, and a pair of aged jeans, and black and white sneakers. It was the same reflection I'd been looking at, but a strange feeling glued it to me, as if it was the most precious thing I'll have. Even though each day I aged up faster, it seemed to me I aged up slower. I had only turned 2, three days ago. I knew it was only me that thought that I didn't look any different. Even though time said I was 2 years old, physical and mentality said I was 12 years old. I slowly spun myself away from the window, to face my bedroom. I knew that what I had planned today, had to be done. But I decided that, I needed to remember everything about the life I was about to leave. I needed to remember what color the paint on my walls were, the color my carpet was, and the patterns on my bed sheets. I stared at the room I had spent 2 years in, and took in this last memory of having it the way that it was. I walked slowly across my bedroom floor, letting my hand glide over the wood of my bed frames foot-board, the small vanity stand, my dresser. Lastly, I let my hand explore the small porcelain ice-skating, and ballerina figurines on my nightstand, next to my bed. My aunt Rose had gotten me one each time she'd seen one I hadn't obtained yet. Sometimes she would go to different countries for them. It was my small obsession. I loved winding the bottoms of them and hearing the different songs they had to sing. Different messages they all had to say. I related to them on a level. My mother, Aunt Rose, and Grandpa Charlie, are the only people I've known to care for me. My father including my other grandparents, Carlisle and Esme, My other aunt Alice or Uncle Jasper, have never cared for me. In fact, they had made it clear to me, they did not want anything to do with me. They still treasured my Mother, but only had it in for me. My Father was most blunt then anyone when it came to giving me the hint to go away. Each time my father was playing Piano, I would try to watch and learn how to play, only for him to shew me away some how, or simply tell me "Shouldn't you be studying? I'm trying to focus." I may be young, but I wasn't stupid and took the hint to leave. Carlisle, on my Mothers wish, kept up with my appointments, other then that, each time I'd tried to interact with him, he would never voice how disgusted he was with me, but he made it obvious enough that I had given up a long time ago in winning his affections. Esme avoided me at all cost, when avoidance was inevitable, she would simply nod, smile, and retreat with a parting comment, each time I would try and speak with her. Alice and Jasper, however, were not as easy to speak or even see of. The only way I could explain it was that, Alice would see me coming and bolt with Jasper, or they moved and just rarely visited. My uncle Emmett on the other hand, interacted a lot more with me. I have a feeling it was for my Aunt Rose, but he never gave too much about himself. He was the same goofiness he displayed with everyone else, with me. If he hated me, he was talented at hiding it. My grandfather, Carlisle, usually to educate me in vampire History. Even though I had never met the Volturi, my mother said I needed to know about them thoroughly. A day before my birthday though, my Mother informed me that, she was going to further my education. She didn't give me much information much that she said that Carlisle had taught me all he needed to teach me, and that she could continue it further. Although, I had to pretend to act like I didn't know anything, because on the contrary, I had over heard my parents talk, the same day my mother had told me about my education. My hand relaxed when I finally scribbled down the final sentence of my homework, leaving me to date it. I scribbled down todays date, Wednesday, September 10th. It was 9:30 when I closed the cover of my history study book, over the homework I was to turn into my Mom tomorrow, with a feeling of refreshment. I was finished with my homework, my birthday was in a few hours, my only work now was to be as regular a child, as I could be. The half-vampire trait, was hard to ditch but what kept them at bay were my restrictions my Mother had put I wasn't to use my vampire-speed for anything but an emergency. I also wasn't to venture into town if I was hunting or outside playing. I also absolutely was not to use my gift with anyone but my family. Being normal had its challenges, but wasn't completely impossible. I still liked playing with dolls, watching T.v. Shows, and playing Mario games. I knew that other kids at the age I was at also had friends they regularly spent time with, but neither me, or my family had much choice but to home-school me. I didn't attend any computer schools though, my mother had to required materials to educate me. My favorite part of today though, was jumping into my bed, and watching my favorite show before I went to sleep. After I raised up from my desk, I used my vampire speed and flitted across my room to my dresser and exchanged my long-sleeved shirt and pants, for a pair of plush sweats, and a light blue t-shirt. I loved the feeling of replacing the rough and tightness of day-clothing, for light and soft night clothing. The waistband of my sweats adapted to me, and my shirt freeing my arms of the restriction. I didn't use my vampire-speed to go to the bed, In fact I took my time going to my bed. I walked over to the night stand next to my bed, and picked up my favorite porcelain figurine, and winded the key from the bottom. The ice-skater posed as a beautiful swan, spreading her arms out in front of her, balanced on one leg, and leaning forward as if she was soaring through the sky. She spun in circles, as her lullaby chimed. As she spun around, I noticed small builds of dust on her platform, I would have to take my dust-rag tomorrow and wipe the dust off. When her lullaby was over, I threw the blankets from my bed. I was about to crawl into them when I heard voices in the kitchen. Even though I was up in my room, I had much stronger hearing then any human with the best hearing. That much I obtained from being half-vampire. However, from my age, I was having trouble distinguishing what they were saying. My father couldn't hear my thoughts so he wouldn't be able to hear me decide to eaves-drop. Perhaps it was about my birthday? I wondered in excitement. Vampires were hard to sneak up on though. My Mom may be disappointed if I eaves-dropped, though, too. If its about my birthday plans, just one little hint couldn't possibly hurt. I won't listen about the presents, I'll just listen about what they may do. I was relieved for once that my Mother required me to have my door open, I wouldn't have to worry about the door being quiet. What I did have to worry about were creaks, my breathing, and scent. I used the tops of my feet to pad through my door and to the end of the hall. The sharp corner that lead to my kitchen was a few feet away from me. From there I was able to hear the conversation clearly, and decided to stay where I was. However, now, I wished I hadn't. " What do they have against her, so bad, that they refuse to even celebrate her birthday?" My Mom said sharply to my father. "It's nothing personal towards her, Bella. They just wanted to get away for a little while." My father replied with a hint of calm and cool in equal degree. "I'm not stupid, Edward. I'm also not asking for a gigantic extravagant party. Just for her to have her family around her. A family I thought, cared for her as much as I do. But I guess Rose and you are the only secondary party. And I don't know why-" " Bella, we had to watch you suffer. And practically be torn open because of that creature! Why should she savagely murder you, and she still gets rewarded? I'm sorry Bella, but I am ashamed. I am ashamed that not only must I say I created such a vile creature, but that I am also forced to say she's my 'daughter'. She is by biology, but not by my account. She took your humanity. I wanted you to keep your humanity and thanks to her, you got it literally ripped away from you. She will not be rewarded with my love." I heard a