Summary: "That's what I like about you," He told her, his fingers pressed against her pulse, "You don't believe in fairytales," His thumb traced the curve of her jaw and she watched his eyes flash red for a single, dream-like moment, "Do you believe in nightmares?" Tomione. Hermione's parents died two weeks before Christmas. Car accident. And the train ticket that bought her a trip from Brighton to London, carefully tucked away in her top dresser drawer, saw her dressed in black to an empty house to sort out a funeral, rather than to her parent's happy smiles and waiting arms and Christmas cheer. It was a horrible Christmas, that year. She put off dealing with her parents home which she now owned—rent free, passed down from her mother's mother, to her mother, now to her—put off moving back to the bustling city of London and the childhood memories it brought, put off her plans of university. She was happier to forget it, happier to shut herself away in her little Brighton flat with her two best friends, working in an office that she hated, paying rent that was too high and spending her days coping with the death of her only family by sitting at the seaside because at least that looked nothing like London, nothing like all the little things that reminded her of her parents. "They're in a better place now," Harry told her once, because while he was certainly no saint he had always been the most religious of the three of them. Hermione wanted to believe him, wanted to pretend that there was a place where they would go, where her parents watched over her, but as hard as she tried, she couldn't. "I know," She told him instead of arguing, because she was too tired to argue. She was too tired of everything. She comforted herself by reading, in the months that followed. Reading classics, modern fiction, poetry, academic journals, every moment spent outside of work or just staring at the sea as if it would make her forget, she read. It wasn't altogether unusual, not to her nor her friends nor her colleagues, because she often read anyway, but her old battered copies of dearly loved novels weren't enough to distract her anymore. It was the subject matter that, inevitably, began to worry people. "Hermione," Harry and Ron sat her down one evening, brows puckered, Ron was picking at the loose threads on his jumper and Harry was running his hand through his hair again and again and again, "We understand you're going through a lot right now, but we're a bit worried about…" weakly he gestured to the book sitting on the kitchen counter. She wanted to roll her eyes, to scoff and say they were overreacting, but truthfully she had expected this reaction when she bought the book. "Calm down," She told them, directing most of the statement toward Harry because he was running his hand through his hair again, "I'm not worshipping the devil." "You have a book that's literally called 'The Satanic Bible,' but you're not worshipping the devil?" Ron griped, his eyes jumping from her, to the book, back to her. "It's not really a bible," She explained, "And it's not really satanic, He just uses the idea and the name of satan as an antithesis of god and organized religion, he—just, please stop worrying." She turned away from their faces pinched with worry to eye her pasta on the stove, "I just find it interesting." "Alright," Harry agreed carefully, "Then could you maybe just…not read it in public?" Hermione scoffed, "I will read it wherever I please." "Hermione—" Ron groaned, but as she turned her eyes to glower at the two of them she saw Harry hit Ron in the stomach. They looked between each other, like they were struggling to bring something up, and she cautiously turned toward them. "What?" She asked, equal parts suspicion and trepidation. "We were thinking," Harry started, "About you, and everything—" "With your parents and all—" Ron added, then winced, as if the very subject of her parents was too sensitive and issue to breech. Given the way she usually reacted to the mention of her parents, it was a fair response on his part. "And you know, you always said that one day you wanted to—well, we thought—" "We should all move to London!" Ron finally blurted out, throwing his hands up in some sort of celebratory gesture. Hermione stared incredulously between the two of them. "That's ridiculous," She said, when both of them failed to elaborate, "Why would we move to London? I don't want to move to London." "Well, we know you tend to deal with things better if you have a distraction," Harry explained, "And we know you've been planning on going to university so you don't have to work in an office job forever—" "Or at least work in an office job that you like—" Ron corrected. "And student loans would cover tuition—" "But rent would be—" "So if we stayed at your parents house—" "Then you can deal with their death and get your degree at the same time! Two in one!" Their words overlapped, their message clumsy and hard to decipher when they were both speaking over each other, but she understood the gist of it, understood that what they said was out of concern and a desperate attempt to help her, but she felt something like anger build up in her chest regardless. "Are you out of your minds?" She snapped, turning fully away from the stove and placing one hand on her hip, "I don't want to live in my dead parents house and attend university. That's the stupidest idea I've ever heard—" "It's not the stupidest idea you've ever heard—" Ron began to disagree, but she cut him off. "I am dealing just fine," She insisted sharply, "As fine as to be expected of someone who just lost both her parents in a night, just before Christmas." "Hermione, it's been three months and you still refuse to talk about it," Harry insisted gently, "You can't just…avoid it forever." When he approached her, she couldn't find it in herself to be truly angry at him, not when he was looking at her with wide, green eyes, carefully reaching for her as if she might break. His hand met her shoulder, and she still hadn't found it within herself to snap back or pull away. "I know what it's like to lose your parents," He said quietly, "And you can't just refuse to face it." "You just told me to distract myself with University," She pointed out. "Well, I meant," He corrected himself, taking a pause to choose his words, "That we don't expect you to just…drown in the memories of your parents. University would be a good…outlet," He squeezed her shoulder, "And we'll be there. They always need teachers in London, so I'll get a job, and Ron'll find a job somewhere." Hermione felt something well in her throat, speaking so candidly about her parents death, so she turned away form him and back to her pasta on the stove. "I don't want to." She told him. But she thought about it, and they went in the end. — By August of that year, Hermione had improved quite a bit, and when she packed up her things and prepared to travel back to London, to the house that hadn't been touched since December of the previous year, she was even ready to face it alone for a week before Harry and Ron joined her. They helped her pack, helped her carry her things into the boot of the car, even rode back to London with her to help her unpack in the house, help her settle in, even though they wouldn't be moving until the following week. "You don't have to move with me, you know," She had told them, months ago, when she first came around to the idea, "You don't have to change your lives for me." "I always wanted to live in London," Ron shrugged, a lopsided grin on his face,, "This is for me, not you. Maybe it's about time you get over yourself." She appreciated the flippancy, appreciated the fact that they didn't push it, didn't try and make her talk about it, and that they didn't question her decision when she said she wanted to move to London a week before they did. The truth of the matter was she wasn't sure how she would react when she moved back home, and she didn't really want them to see her reaction until she knew what to expect. The truth of the matter was, the more she thought about it and the closer they got to moving, the less she wanted them to go with her. She felt somewhat territorial over her childhood home, over the memories it held. The thought of sharing it with anyone other than her parents made her feel uneasy, irritable. It was a feeling she hoped would fade with the week she spent on her own, because as odd as she felt about sharing her home with them, she truly did like living with Harry and Ron. She didn't want them to stay behind, she just also didn't want to have them stay in her house. She hoped that would go away. "I see you brought your devil worshipping shit with you," Ron said dryly when he tore open the box containing some of her books. That book had become well read, thoroughly annotated, and Ron and Harry never seemed to completely reconcile themselves with the fact that she actually found it fascinating. She laughed, rolled her eyes, and plucked the book from his hand. "Yes, I'm just rereading the part about human sacrifice," She joked, placing it on the living room table. "I'm debating whether it should be you or Harry." "Definitely Ron!" Harry piped up from the kitchen where he was setting Crookshanks's carrier on the ground, letting him out. Immediately Crookshanks started pawing at the back screen door, so Hermione hurried over to let him out. Harry threw a grin over his shoulder from where he could see Ron in the doorway, "Virgin blood and all that." "Oi shut the hell up!" Ron snapped, his cheeks flaring, "I'm not—" "Right, because you fucked Lavender Brown ," Harry drawled disbelievingly, "She'd be out of her mind to settle for you—" "You know, I think you've been spending too much time with that prat Malfoy—" "Stop!" Hermione snapped, but without any real anger. She rolled her eyes, a smile playing on her lips, and she started toward the door to get the last box out of the car, "Do not start with that again ," "Mind if we look around?" Harry called after her, seemingly content to drop the pseudo-argument him and Ron had been in the middle of. She wanted to say no, wanted to tell him to keep his nose out of her stuff, but she reminded herself that this would be their home soon, too. "Knock yourself out!" She called over her shoulder instead, stepping barefoot out onto the warm pavement and making her way to the car. It was hot, the last month of summer and the city seemed to hold onto the heat with every ounce of its strength, and she could already feel the sweat collecting at the back of her neck and at her forehead. She piled her curls on top of her head in a bun, before hoisting the last box into her arms out of the back seat, kicking the door closed as she made her way back to the front door. It was a quiet street, though close to the city, only about a five minute walk from the nearest tube station. She paused on her trek toward the open front door to peer up at the house, and just the