THE IMPROBABLE OPPONENT To be a man is to be responsible : to be ashamed of miseries you did not cause; to be proud of your comrades' victories; to be aware, when setting one stone, that you are building a world. Antoine de Saint-Exupéry NOTES Title: The Improbable Opponent Author : Sadie Sil Beta : Puxinette Genre : Angst/Adventure Rating : T Time line : Around the year 220 of the third Age. Notes : Elves are considered adults when they reach 50 years old. The twins were born in the year 139; I've preferred to view Elladan and Elrohir as elves that have just arrived at the majority age, so they are not considered experienced warriors yet. Disclaimer : I didn't create any of these wonderful characters. I've just borrowed them from the Professor, devoting them all my love. Now I feel they are also a little bit mine, but I am sure the good Professor won't mind sharing them with me. My own characters in this story are: Lady Idhrenniel (a female healer from Imladris), Lord Enel Baradobel, Lord Eilafion and Lord Mithrion (two captains and one healer from the Gray Heavens), Lord Balanidhren (an adviser from Eryn Galen) and Beinion, Angahor, Arnamo, Séretur, Cúndur, Earon, Varyar, Laston, Túro e Hérion (warriors from Imladris and friends of the twins). Summary : During a time of peace, some elves of Middle-Earth decide to bring back an exciting experience: a tournament from the old days. Story Idea: Some ideas here are associated to my other story called "The Next Warrior's Hand", which has already been translated to English, but I do not think the reader must know the events of that story to understand this one. If you have any questions feel free to ask. Vocabulary: Ion – son Ionath – children - sons Ield - daughter Ada – dad (familiar/informal) Adar – father (formal) Nana – mom (familiar/informal) Naneth – mother (formal) Daerada – grandpa (familiar/informal) Daernana – grandma (familiar/informal) Daerion - grandson Tithen-pen – little one Pen - neth – little one Astalder – The brave one -nín – my Obs: The expressions El-nín and Rohir-nín are nicknames which Celebrian used to call her sons in my stories. – Something like – "my star", and "my warrior". CHAPTER ONE – THE TOURNAMENT When there's no risk in the fight, there is no glory in the triumph Pierre Corneille Elrohir was too anxious. He was so anxious that practically everyone had given up on appeasing his spirit. The young elf seemed unaware of the utility of chairs and other resting places. He spent his days checking his weapons, training alone or with a partner, and occupying the rest of his time with other activities. He walked aimlessly from the house to the courtyard and to any other place that his legs would take him. "My Sweet Elbereth , I can't understand what is wrong with him!" was Celebrian's comment after seeing her son leaving the library with a huge atlas in his hand. "Can this elfling not even sit down to read?" Idhrenniel, one of the female healers and Celebrian's friend, also smiled. They were both taking a short walk in the garden. "We have to remember, my lady," she commented. "It's been a long while since a tournament like this one has been held. The fact that the leaders have decided to organize it in Imladris was a big surprise." "I don't think it's the excitement of having such a competition in our city that is making Elrohir feel this way," Celebrian observed, following the last steps of her son before he disappeared inside the large house again. Idhrenniel's smile widened. "Well, it was even hard for me to believe that someone as young as Elrohir could be among the participants. No wonder he is so nervous." Celebrian offered another simple smile. "He is young, but he is a talented warrior," she noted fondly, but in her eyes anyone could read how worried she seemed. She looked in her son's direction again, resting her palm upon her heart. "He's been winning all the tournaments Glorfindel's organized since his feet first stepped on the training field. I know those aren't anything compared to what is happening here involving all these great combatants…" She stopped for a minute, then sighed. "Even so, I'm happy that a group of warriors with more winters and battles in their pasts than anyone else here, have put their faith in him and have given him an opportunity to demonstrate his value." Idhrenniel nodded. "It's been so long since we have had a gathering of the best soldiers of the cities' guards," she added, looking around to the main square, where some of the visitors were also appreciating the innumerous splendors of the city. "Even some of Lord Celeborn's most valiant warriors are here." Celebrian looked in the same direction and another subtle smile was on her face. She'd known some of those soldiers from her parents' land since she was a little child. "Yes, they are here as well. Old friends of mine, worshipers of my father. I am glad they are here in this time of peace," she said with contented eyes. "I feel the same, my lady…" Idhrenniel said thoughtfully. "This event couldn't have been held at a more opportune time. I am glad we can see our warriors using their swords as sporting instruments and not weapons of war. Celebrian took a deep breath, pausing a minute to feel the weight of her friend's words. "You are right, my dear Idhrenniel. This competition will be different from those Elrohir has faced thus far," she commented worriedly. "Mostly because he will be representing Glorfindel's banner. Glorfindel chose his players cautiously, testing them with several hard tasks over a long period of time. He is giving my son a great opportunity. Only Elrohir and Angahor were able to get through the decisive stages of the tournament and be classified into the semi-final competition. And Angahor graduated long ago with Ilfirion, Atarael, Arnamo and Lastone. Those elves have already been on patrol for some seasons. Elrohir is the youngest of them all." "Only Angahor and Elrohir have made it this far because Elladan did not register himself to try to get a place in the tournament at all..." Idhrenniel observed with care, but her comments made the corners of the Lady of Imladris' mouth rise. "Elladan has never accepted an invitation to any competition. This isn't the first time," she said, thinking caringly of her firstborn, whose mastery of many weapons was often praised by anyone who saw him in action. "He is a healer," stated the dark-haired elf. "I have not seen such skill since his father." "Well, he will be Elrohir's healer in this task, since each warrior must have his own healer. But I do hope we will not need their services in these days to come," Celebrian joked, and Idhrenniel raised her eyebrows and gave a small laugh. The training fields were small for the magnitude of this great event. Each leader sent at least thirty soldiers to represent their homeland. Even though there were several events being staged, there were some competitions, like the sword bouts, that took everyone's attention. And it was in this category that the region of Imladris surprised their guests by introducing to them the younger, but undeniably brilliant, swordsman of the Last Homely House. Elrohir had spent the entire fortnight dueling, defeating all his opponents and stealing the audience's applause. He had drawn the young ones' admiration, but more importantly, he'd made some of the older elves raise their eyebrows in surprise. Each of his opponents, all of them some good centuries older than the younger twin, were defeated in hard and very tiring combats. Some of the fights lasted an extensive period of time. It didn't take long for the guest fighters taking part in the event to change their minds about Glorfindel's inexperienced pupil. This young elf, toward which the skilled soldiers hadn't shown any concern, was, by the end of the first stages, ranked as someone to beat. Some soldiers were beginning to lose sleep over the prospect of fighting him. "It's the first time that someone so young and inexpert was able to get this far in a tournament!" said a surprised Angahor. He and Elrohir hadn't shared anything that people would remotely call "friendship" until this day. Angahor and Elrohir were the only knights from Glorfindel's group who had not yet been eliminated from the earlier rounds of the tournament. However, after losing his final dispute of the day, Angahor had not felt terribly bad about the opportunity lost, because his opponent Baran—a humorous knight of the north—had experienced a similar bitter flavor in his next dispute. During the last minutes of that afternoon, when the stars had just begun to shine, Baran, the swordsman from one of the foreign lands, had faced the son of the host, and Elrohir stole from the overconfident warrior the desire to smile for some time afterward. At that point, the younger twin won the friendship of Angahor, from whom the storms of fate had kept him separated since they were only elflings. "He has been incredible since childhood, but these days he's unconquerable," Angahor admitted, receiving subtle looks of surprise from the others. Even Glorfindel couldn't hide his amazement at hearing Angahor professing words of admiration about Elrohir, and Angahor still seemed in awe of all he had been seeing since the beginning of the tournament. In fact all of them were astonished with the coolness that took the twin's face as soon as he put his feet on the tournament field. Although he wasn't known as the most patient of Glorfindel's pupils, he always seemed to turn into another warrior on the training fields, taking the training seriously and doing his best. However, the way he was brandishing his weapon in this competition was totally different. He looked like an old and powerful tree, whose roots had dug into stone and whose height should amaze even the largest of birds. During the tournament the young son of Elrond concentrated even more than he had during training, being silent and deeply focused; seeming to remember what he had learned through the vow of silence he'd made during a period of his childhood. "But having made it to the bouts of these latter stages does not make him a champion yet," recalled a visibly worried Glorfindel, while checking their weapons at the end of the day. "But he's gotten got this far!" said Hérion, another childhood friend of the twins. "Tell us master… You have seen many disputes such as this. Do you think Elrohir has a chance?" "You must be joking!" Beinion protested in a tone of disdain. He had never been one of Elrohir's friends. "Depending on the other results, Elrohir will have to face the second Captain of Mithlond tomorrow. Do you really think he has a chance? Everybody says that warrior is the most skilled swordsman in all of Eriador. I've even heard Lord Círdan didn't want to send him and deprive the havens of one of his best officers." "He is still just an Elf," Glorfindel pointed out, but the power of Herion's question was still prodding his mind. Not because he didn't know what to answer to his ex-pupil, but because the answer for that question came so fast to his mind. Extremely fast actually; Yes, Elrohir was the most skilled warrior he had ever had the opportunity to teach. If there was anyone talented enough to be in the final fight and face the greatest warrior, that person was the stubborn dark haired elf. That person was Elrohir. "Could you stand still for but a moment and hear what I have to tell you, elfling?" Glorfindel had tried everything he could think of to get the attention of a visibly agitated twin, who was now walking