Notes: Category : Lord of the Rings Author : Sadie Sil Betas : Cecília "Kagome" Fernandez (Portuguese to English), Virtuella and Erulisse (English); Puxinette (Final Revision) Genre : Angst/Drama/Hurt/Comfort Characters: Legolas and Thranduil Rating : T Timeline : Third Age (before the War of the Ring) Disclaimer : I didn't create any of these wonderful characters. I've just borrowed them from the Professor, devoting them all my love. Now I feel they are also a little bit mine, but I am sure the good Professor won't mind sharing them with me. Synopsis : Legolas' patrol was attacked. Now he has some bad news to tell his father. Vocabulary: ada: dad; ion-nín: my son RED STAINS The joys of parents are secret, and so are their griefs and fears. Sir Francis Bacon The Elven King did not wait for more details. He was furious. He grabbed the map he always used and opened it over the cold, hard wooden table. "Where? Where were you attacked?" he demanded from the three trembling figures behind him. The elf in the middle took one hesitant step forward, putting himself beside the King. His clothes were torn and he smelled of blood and mud. All he wanted was to wash, to sit in a hot tub for precious moments, and to allow himself to cry over the death of his companions; but he could not. "At the main entrance in the east," he answered, without looking at the map. "Where, soldier?" demanded the King impatiently. "Be more precise! Were not you a scout before becoming a captain? Or were you given advantages because of whose son you are?" "You know it was not so, sir!" The young elf took a deep, offended breath. He never used a different tone of voice or demonstrated indignation to his father, but he was no longer an elfling receiving an austere reprimand; he was a captain, a captain who had lost some of the elves he commanded, an elf who had lost his friends. "Save your strength for a better purpose other than defying me!" ordered the King, with even more annoyance. He wanted precise information. Just that. Was that too much to ask? The Prince laid his hand on the table and let his tired body count on that support for a few moments. He looked at the map in front of him, but his blurred vision kept him from seeing the small details. "Take your hand off my desk, boy!" Thranduil ordered once more, rubbing his face with both hands. "Can you not see the state you are in? I can barely stand you beside me!" Legolas obeyed, moving back a few steps instinctively. He knew he was not fit to be near anyone, much less the King, but his father had not allowed him to leave since he had arrived, asking numerous questions over and over. "Where do you think you are going?" asked the King, watching as his son moved away from the table. "I…" The Prince wanted to respond, but his father did not look at him. Thranduil was so focused on his green map, on those roads that were once free and now no longer were, that he did not even bother to look at the elves more closely. If he had looked at Legolas even once, he would have seen that his son was not just hiding a broken heart, he would have seen that Legolas was hiding an injury as well. "Tomorrow," Thranduil said, no longer waiting for the answer to his previous question. "Tomorrow morning at dawn, another group will be sent out to the site. The eleven elves of Alagos' patrol shall go. And it would be better for you to have more answers for me, Captain!" "No! Not Alagos' group," Legolas said suddenly, cringing inside at the demanding sound of what he'd meant as a request. Thranduil took a deep breath and turned to his son, giving him a harsh stare that at the same time warned Legolas of how short the King's patience was. "Let me go," said the younger elf, lowering his eyes and turning his gaze away from his father's, whose eyebrows were curved in a question. "I know the way better than Alagos does." Legolas knew it was a suicide mission. The number of enemies in the region being overtaken was sufficient evidence that the elves had no chance. He wanted to tell the King that he should forget that place and worry about keeping a closer boundary now. But Legolas knew he was not thinking anything Thranduil had not already thought of. He was sure that his father, with all his experience, already knew the territory was lost, even before his son could translate the problem into words. However, Legolas also knew his father's stubbornness, and that the King would not accept the loss, would not accept an even closer border. But they were running out of options. Thranduil looked for the first time into his son's eyes, but the sudden impatience of the elves behind the archer caught his attention. Those soldiers, who were not part of the patrol that would go to the area the following day, did not seem satisfied with their captain's proposition. "What is going on?" Thranduil asked, looking into both pale faces that were attempting to shrink back unnoticed. "Nothing!" said Legolas, his gaze seeming to bore into the soldiers, who lowered their eyes and trembled, as if they were surrounded by wolves. Thranduil tried to mask his impatience and, in doing so, calmed somewhat. He finally saw that the younger elves' clothes were in no better state than his son's. They were exhausted and could hardly stand. Their legs shook, their faces were even more pale than usual and they seemed out of breath, their slightly opened lips seeking air, which seemed in short supply. "Are you hurt?" he asked them both. "No," answered the Prince, before the others had a chance to respond. "They are just tired, my lord. Let them go." Thranduil was uneasy with those words, not liking to be told what to do. But Legolas was right. There was no reason to keep the poor soldiers in the office, after they had faced flames of an evil so deep. They deserved to rest. "Go," Thranduil said, looking at them fondly. "Your King is proud of what you have done. I know you did the best you could. Go rest and recover. Other battles will come." The two elves smiled slightly. They knew their King very well and understood why he was always so austere. Even though they were sometimes intimidated by their leader's short-tempered reactions, they loved him with all their hearts. But at that moment, the soldiers seemed worried about something else. Legolas turned his head toward them and nodded, reinforcing his father's order and leaving his friends no other choice. The two then bowed briefly and left. Thranduil, by whom nothing passed unnoticed, was nervous about that exchange of looks, about that mystery. "What are you hiding from me?" he asked, looking straight at his son and taking one step toward him. Legolas turned his face and bowed his head. "Nothing, my lord," he responded, closing his left hand nervously. The right hand rested upon his green tunic. Thranduil became even more impatient. He wanted to grab his inflexible child and shake him until he told him what was wrong and stopped making a fool of him. But the attack, that turbulence of unexpected happenings, required much more of his attention. He'd have to wait to censure his son's stubbornness and immaturity. "Alagos will go!" Thranduil repeated, turning back to the map and laying one finger on the area of which he spoke. "Let me go, Ad a! " Legolas insisted, unconsciously letting his formality slide. "But for Ilúvatar's sake! What is wrong with you?" Thranduil shouted at his son angrily, moving toward him. Legolas instinctively raised one hand. "Are you trying to enrage me?" Thranduil asked. "Do you think I cannot get any angrier than I already am? Because I assure you, I can." "No, sir." The younger elf defended himself from behind his palm. "I just think it would be more advisable for me to go. As I said, I know the place." "Then, by all Valar , show me where this place is!" the King demanded, pulling his son by the arm toward the desk again and making him face the map. To keep from upsetting his father further, Legolas quickly, laid his index finger on the map where the tragedy had taken place, and a strange red stain formed over the spot where his finger had touched. Thranduil frowned at seeing the place where his soldiers had been killed, as it lost its normal green aspect, reddening as if the map itself wanted to picture what had happened. Blood of his soldiers. Blood of those he loved. Thinking of that, Thranduil turned quickly, while his son moved away, afraid. Legolas' eyes were fixed on his father's, analyzing every single reaction. Had he discovered what Legolas didn't want to reveal? "Forgive me, my lord." Legolas laid a hand on his tunic again. "It was not my intention to damage your document. I was at war and have not had time to bathe…" "Are you hurt?" came Thranduil's serious question. Legolas backed away until he stood against the wall. There was no way to fool such an astute elf. Legolas shook his head in denial, but did not look at the King. To tell untruths to his father was a difficult task, but doing it using words was impossible. "Do – not – lie - to me!" the King insisted, each word he said punctuated by a step closer to his son. Legolas closed his eyes and finally let his body take support of the wall behind him. Thranduil firmly grabbed the wrist of the hand the younger elf had been keeping against his tunic; he moved the fabric away, revealing a wound that, even protected in bandages, was indeed serious. "Do not send Alagos, sir. I beg you," was the only sentence Legolas could form, as he continued to face his father. "Do not send Alagos?" Thranduil repeated. "Sure," he confirmed, ironically. "Instead of that I will send a wounded captain who, if he reaches the place alive, will not remain on his feet for even a single battle!" "I will be recovered by tomorrow, sir," Legolas said, trying once more. "It is not as bad as it looks." "Enough, Legolas!" said Thranduil, whose patience had finally reached its limit. He gripped the wrist he held even tighter. The pain was sharp, but Legolas had no intention of confronting his father. "Can you explain to me what insanity makes you issue this request?" The archer looked then to the hand holding him and realized that there was no other way but the truth. "Alagos has no brothers, sir." "And what is the relevance of this?" The King brought the wrist closer to him, making Legolas approach even nearer to the gaze that seemed to sense his every thought. "His parents, my King…" he continued, using all formality possible, so that his father did not feel challenged at any time. "They will miss him terribly, if they lose him." "But who said he will die, silly child? Alagos' group is as good as yours, and those dark creatures will not have the element of surprise on their side." Legolas let go of the breath he was holding, not accepting the situation, and uncomfortable with what he was about to say. "Alagos will have no chance. They will all die. There are just too many orcs. Many more were arriving when we left. That region is lost." After saying those words he closed his eyes, waiting for the impact of that information to hit the King. But a silence came, instead of the turbulence he had expected. Legolas reopened