Notes: Category : Lord of the Rings Author : Sadie Sil Betas : Virtuella and Puxinette. My thanks to both of them. Genre : Adventure/Angst/Hurt/Comfort Characters: Legolas and Aragorn Rating : T Timeline : Third Age (at the Helm's Deep's battle and after it) Disclaimer : I didn't create any of these wonderful characters. I've just borrowed them from the Professor, devoting them all my love. Now I feel they are also a little bit mine, but I am sure the good Professor won't mind sharing them with me. Synopsis : A lot of bad things have happened during the Helm's Deep Battle, but the horrible event also solidified some friendships. Note: In this story, as in the book, none of the elven people fought in the Helm's Deep, only Legolas. Vocabulary: mellon-nín: my friend; Ilúvatar: The unique God's name in Tolkien's world. PLEASE REVIEW... AND WE ARE STILL HERE Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. Albert Einstein (1879-1955) I* Legolas carefully approached his friend, who readied himself for the conflict. Aragorn hadn't even looked after his own wounds or sat to rest. The lines in the ranger's face were ones of deep worry and anguish; lines that the prince had helped deepen. "Forgive me, Aragorn," Legolas said with sadness, as he offered the ranger's sword back to him. Aragorn needed this weapon – the reforged Anduril - to face whatever fate had reserved for them. "It was not my intention to offend you or show distrust," he added lowering his gaze. "I trust you and your wise decisions... but..." "But?" completed the ranger, still upset as he sheathed his sword. "My heart is uneasy..." the elf finally admitted. "I fear no battles or death, but... but I have never fought side by side…" Legolas paused, anguish clear on his face. "…side by side... with children." Aragorn closed his eyes, grimacing at the truth of Legolas' statement. Being hit by that reality, even by the words of a sincere friend, seemed an even worse nightmare than the one he was already experiencing. He finally turned to his elven friend, who was standing by him like a statue. Legolas had not rested or eaten since they arrived, limiting himself to walking along the trenches, like a tireless sentry, deeply worried with what was to come. "We are alone, mellon-nîn," he answered bitterly, while resting a hand on the prince's shoulder. "They are the only help we have..." he admitted at last, lowering his gaze too. "And because... if we fail... there will be no survivors." Legolas pressed his lips together, his silence a sign of pure solidarity— but not agreement. "My friendship is yours, Aragorn," he declared. "Be it here or in the deepness of the most terrible cave, I will follow you, and from my mouth you shall not hear more laments." Aragorn's heart had never hurt as much as now, hearing that declaration from his friend. Legolas always seemed more fragile than he really was, and his musical voice did not show what a skillful warrior he was. Aragorn, once known as Estel, raised by the wise Elrond in Imladris, was finally dressed in the clothes of his true heritage, and he now faced the destiny that was his. If he could choose anything on this dreadful day—or on any other—he could not choose better company. Aragorn would give up an entire army to have Legolas by his side. "Many roles you had in my life, mellon-nîn," said Aragorn with feeling, fearing that another opportunity would not come to say what he desired. "You were like a father when I was a little boy, a brother, when I grew up, a friend every time I needed one." He stopped for a few moments, feeling Legolas shake slightly with the awakened emotion. "So, powerful Prince of Mirkwood," Aragorn said, his tone rising with respect, "your father needed you to help rule and protect his realms, but you resigned it all to come with me in this incredibly hard battle. You fight for mere humans that the whole of Arda seems to forget or ignore... I know that you are here for me... only to brandish your weapons by my side..." "Estel," Legolas wanted to protest, embarrassed, but Aragorn kept a firm grip on his forearm and placed two fingers on his lips. "If I die by your side, Legolas, mellon-nîn," he said with seriousness, "if we don't last until the sun comes to bless us again, I want you to know this, and may this truth never fade in your heart: I have always noticed everything you did for me, all your smiles of encouragement, all the times that, like today, you offered me your hand, closing your eyes to tomorrow. All these things are, and will always be, engraved in my soul... If I die by your side, Legolas, my friend, my brother, it wasn't before I said thank you." Two silent tears traced their way down the elf's face, his lips pressed together without answering. Legolas placed his hand over his heart and respectfully bowed his head, just as solemn as the situation they were both in. He then left in complete silence; an escape that would save him from showing emotions that would not help his worried friend at that moment. Aragorn watched him leave, his stride elegant. So many years had passed and both he and the elf had learned much, but one thing never changed. Aragorn still had the same strange impression he had when he was a child: the whole world seemed to come to light wherever Legolas passed by. At the end of the long hall, the ranger could see him nod his head to the dwarf coming from the opposite way, and they exchanged a few words; words that Aragorn could not hear, but that made Gimli shake his head and smile. "Stubborn elf," said the approaching dwarf with a frown. Aragorn laughed. How many people could still call Legolas that? "That is Legolas' last name," Aragorn said. "He doesn't want to wear armor," Gimli grumbled, straightening the strange armor that obviously was not made for him. "He is an archer," the ranger reminded him. "Of course," Gimli agreed with extreme irony, as if vital information had been given. "Everyone knows that archers have their chests naturally protected against any form of attack." Aragorn laughed again. "The armor will get in the way of his movements, Gimli. Don't pretend that you don't know that." The dwarf snorted, throwing himself on a nearby bench, the wood creaking with the weight. "He will be in a favorable position, my friend, do not worry," the ranger assured him. "I already forbade him to join the ground battles, even if he runs out of arrows." It was Gimli's turn to laugh. The dwarf's laugh echoed in the empty corners of the sad halls around them, awakening a strange sentiment in Aragorn's heart that suddenly reminded him of his brother Elrohir, whose sarcastic wit had been directed at Aragorn more times than he could count. "And have you already asked for the sun to rise a little earlier tomorrow, noble Dúnadan?" Aragorn's forehead creased with confusion. "That stubborn elf will not take orders and you know that better than I," the dwarf clarified, lighting his pipe. "At the smallest sign of danger, wherever we are, he will come to our aid. Unless, of course, you decide to chain him by one of his legs up there." Aragorn frowned more deeply, but turned his back to his friend so his worry would not be visible. He had never feared a conflict so much as the one they were about to face. II** "Legolas! At your left!" the dwarf screamed. Gimli was meters away and sighed as he saw the archer stop yet another climbing attempt by the insistent monsters. But there wasn't much time for him to say thank you, there wasn't much time for anything. The agile and persistent intruders of the army Saruman had created were gliding up the ladders effortlessly. There was no rest, nor space for doubts. Aragorn jumped down a flight of stairs three at a time, hit the ground and ran to where the tide of the battle was against his men. He suddenly heard a familiar voice grumble by his side. "Damn evil creatures!" Gimli complained between sighs of tiredness. "I will get thinner running with the weight of this damned armor made for oliphants." "This is not an appropriate time for you to make me laugh, my friend," Aragorn answered without turning his eyes to his companion. "And who says I wish to make you laugh, miserable Dúnedain?" the dwarf screamed, as he threw himself into the conflict with a determination one could only envy. "What I want is to skin you alive for putting us in this mess." Aragorn allowed himself a smile, even with an uncountable hoard of repulsive beings heading in his direction. War was the worst way to end conflict between races, but was a good place for valor to be seen and true friendships to form. Good blossoming from evil, to either soothe or heal him. Swords ringing and challenging shouts, along with agony and despair, were the only sounds heard. There was an almost complete and terrifying darkness, but even so, a few stars dared to show in the sky, which was almost all covered in clouds. These stars seemed to have a shy glow. The few torches only added a more chilling aspect to that picture of blood and doubt. Aragorn defeated one more opponent and fell to his knees, beaten by weariness. Those dark beings seemed to multiply like a deadly plague. He raised his eyes then, and felt a shiver run through his spine. Legolas was no longer at the post where Aragorn last saw him; he was not defending the territory as he had been ordered. Aragorn rose immediately and looked around in search of his friend. "Twenty-seven!" Gimli shouted, and offered a smile that showed all of his teeth from beneath his unshaved beard. "I want to see that presumptuous elf beat that one!" "Gimli!" Aragorn said, and pulled the dwarf by the arm. "Gimli, have you seen Legolas?" Gimli looked in the same direction his friend had searched earlier and started to share Aragorn's worry. "I warned you, stubborn human," the dwarf chuckled, but it was a forced laugh that hid the tremor of his visible worry. "That creature would not say 'yes sir' even to his own creator." But Aragorn had not the time to answer his friend's provocations. Another group of foes approached now and required immediate action. "Go up there, Gimli!" he ordered and swung his sword, taking off a few more heads that rolled on the ground like so many fruits spilled out of a basket. It was an indescribable scene, that Aragorn didn't intend to tell even to his sons, if one day he came to have any. "Yes, sure!" the dwarf said with irony, scooting under the legs of a huge Uruk-hai to hit him in the back. "I will just ask our guests to excuse me to do so. Do you think they would care?" he asked. He then used his axe to lop off the head of one enemy that had been felled by his friend. Aragorn took a deep breath, but the answer would have to wait. An even bigger creature grabbed him from behind and held a knife to his throat. He widened his eyes, but didn't have time to react, because in seconds they were both on the ground; he underneath and the big creature covering him completely with his dead weight. It took Gimli a few petrified seconds to understand the scene unfolding before him. His gaze fell on the Uruk Hai that covered his friend. A white dagger was nailed in its back. But it didn't