Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, but I am not going to say it more than once. Firstly, it is sad, and secondly, I do not like repeating myself. Many thanks to VocalAurora for beta-reading this chapter Icy Heart: Snakes of Ice Chapter 1. Summer at the Dursleys' Harry Potter woke up early this morning. He returned to this wretched place he had lived in only yesterday. Today was going to be a very important day. He stood up and went to the bathroom. After a quick shower Harry went down to the dining room, where the Dursleys were already having breakfast. They glared at him. Harry rolled his eyes and decided that a mediocre breakfast was not worth spoiling his good mood. After all, he was going to a very special place today. He might as well have breakfast in a café. So, that was what Harry did. He found a lovely little café in muggle London, not too far from the Leakey Cauldron. One might ask, why not have your meal there instead of some muggle café? The answer would be simple: Harry didn't want to attract the attention of wizards and witches. After all, people might just start gossiping about a lonely child going to Diagon Alley. Harry was pretty sure that his appearance was pretty average, but someone might just recognize James Potter's features – you never know who you might meet. After a small breakfast and a cup of tea, Harry made his way to the Leakey Cauldron. He donned his new invisibility cloak just before opening the door to the pub. He was already hidden from muggles by the wards, so no worries about the Statute of Secrecy. Entering Diagon Alley wasn't hard. After all, witches and wizards are always so busy, they don't even pay attention to doors randomly opening and closing. After tapping a special combination of bricks, Diagon Alley in all its glory was revealed to Harry. He grinned. He went to a familiar white building. Gringotts wasn't Harry's destination, however. After all, he still had a wallet, connected to his trust vault. The building itself, however, separated Diagon Alley in two. One branch was a continuation of said Alley, but another was an entirely different matter. It was called Knockturn Alley. Knockturn Alley was a very dark place. Dark wizards had free reign there, very few aurors ever delved there, and if they did, they went in groups. Many very interesting shops were located in that alley. Harry was only interested in one at the moment. He stopped as he reached the bank and looked at himself. Black jeans, green shirt and black jacket. That wouldn't do for a visit to Knockturn Alley. First, he would be recognized; second, muggle clothes would basically paint a target on his back for every blood purist, of which there were many in that place. No, he had to visit Madam Malkin's first. "Hello dear." said a sales associate as soon as Harry came in. That form of address did annoy him. He sent a dozen of upper year students to the infirmary for no short periods of time; he was not a "dear". There was, however, no need to lash out. Making people underestimate oneself always helped. "Good morning." Harry replied neutrally. "I am in need of a hooded cloak. Black in color please." "Very well," the associate said, "look over there," she pointed at one of the corners of the shop, "we have a nice assortment of cloaks." "Thank you." Harry replied. Ten minutes and ten galleons later, Harry stood in front of Gringotts in his new black cloak that covered his body perfectly. The hood had obscuring charms on it, and the cloak itself was charmed to not allow any tracking spells to attach themselves to its owner. Harry turned to the left and went straight to the heart of Knockturn Alley. xxx Knockturn Alley wasn't just a dark place. It was a very dark place, literally and otherwise. Harry was glad there were lanterns, they allowed him to see further than ten steps before him. The shops, however, were quite wonderful. Ritual shop. Obscure book store. Ingredient shops with things Harry had never even seen. However, Harry soon paid for letting his guard down with all the excitement. "What is a little child doing in this place?" a voice croaked behind him. It was high-pitched and extremely obnoxious. "Have you lost your mommy?" Harry turned around and saw a very ugly old witch. He frowned, though nobody noticed it –courtesy of the obscuring charms on his hood. Harry looked the witch over. She didn't strike him as powerful, probably just saw a child and thought he an easy prey. Boy, was she in for a rude awakening. "None of your business." Harry stated calmly, but firmly. "Come with me, child, I shall bring you back to Diagon Alley." The witch said, grabbing Harry's hand. He quickly used his elemental abilities, and ice covered his and the witches legs, effectively stopping them from moving. "That was a mistake." Harry said coldly. "What?" the witch stuttered in surprise. That was when she saw two icy-blue orbs glowing under the hood. She shrieked as a swirl of snowflakes cut off her hand that was holding Harry and then promptly turned said appendage into a pool of red goo. "I can slice you until your meat and bone become nothing more than a powder." Harry hissed. "Don't you know that children do not wear cloaks with obscuring charms in Knockturn Alley, filth?" Ah, finally the woman's left hand went to retrieve her wand, but before she could do anything, her body was assaulted by a small blizzard of thousands of snowflakes. After a minute, her entire body was turned into a red pool of mash. Harry looked at the blood stain on his shoulder, where the witch grabbed him. Did she have to bleed over his cloak? He shook his head and continued to search for a wand shop, fully on guard. After half an hour of search, Harry had finally found it. The shop itself was dark, like every other building in the alley. The shop's window was made of dark wood and grey glass. The sign read "Zaubermann's Custom-Made Wands". Harry shrugged and stepped inside. "Hm, a powerful young man steps inside my shop." Harry looked for a source of the voice and found a man sitting behind the counter. He was rather tall, his hair was grey and his face wrinkled. His posture and mannerisms could only be described as stiff. Like, McGonagall stiff. "And why would he come here? Surely he wouldn't want to break the law by having a custom-made trace-free wand made for him?" "Of course not." Harry smirked. For a moment, he thought that the man was using Legilimency, but then realized that it would be impossible without eye contact. "Wait," he looked under the counter, "I think you have dropped this pouch." Harry said, smiling sweetly as he placed a rather large pouch, full of galleons, in front of the man. "Good day, Mr…?" the seller asked. "Schwarz." Harry supplied. Well, he did learn a couple of German words during his stay at Hogwarts, why not use them, especially since the name of the shop is so obviously of German origin? The man raised an eyebrow, but Harry's face did not change. "Very well, Mr. Schwarz." the man said. "My name is Klaus Zaubermann. Thank you for returning this pouch, I was looking for these galleons for so long… Anyway, would you like some tea, Mr. Schwarz? Then follow me to the basement." Harry followed Klaus to the basement of the shop, where he saw rows upon rows of drawers. "Well, let your magic flow freely." Zaubermann instructed. "It will guide you to the materials needed for your wand." After doing just that Harry felt multiple tingles in multiple directions. He decided to follow the strongest tingle. It led him to a drawer with label 'Elder'. 'Huh, wand of elder. Nice.' Harry thought and grabbed a piece of the wood. He focused on other tingles. Fifteen minutes later Harry stood in front of Zaubermann, various pieces of wood and core materials lying between them on a table. Zaubermann looked the table over and raised an eyebrow. "Interesting." Zaubermann mused. "Elder, Cherry, Ebony for main body of the wand. Dragon heartstring, Dementor's breath, and frozen star essence for cores…" the wandmaker appeared to be thoughtfull. "Mr. Schwarz, I think I can combine all the cores in your wand, but not woods. You should chose only one type. What reacts to you the most?" "Cherry." Harry replied almost instantly. He thought that elder had the strongest pull, but then he understood that cherry was simply in one of the more distant drawers and its pull was disrupted by many other pieces of wood. Zaubermann nodded. "Very well. Your wand will be ready in a week, Mr. Schwarz." the man smiled. "I will not add the Trace to it. Would you like me to add any other modifications to it?" "Additional modifications?" Harry asked, narrowing his eyes. "Yes." Zaubermann smiled. "Runes, gems, metals?" "What would they do?" Harry asked. Zaubermann sighed, muttering about crappy education and ignorant brats. "What would you like them to do?" Zaubermann sighed. "Enhance the wand's response to certain elements, branch of magic or perhaps something more general, like easy draw, or anti-summoning wards?" "Anti-summoning ward for sure." Harry replied. "Maybe something to enhance its performance with ice magic?" "Chalcedony, aquamarine, diamond." Zaubermann replied. "Without metals." "Good." Harry nodded. "I would like all those modifications. The gems… Well, I would like them hidden inside the wand, not on display." He finished. "Very well, it will take a week to construct." Zaubermann said. "The whole thing will cost you one thousand galleons." "Good." Harry replied. "Inside that pouch I gave you there are five hundred. I will pay the rest upon completion." Zaubermann nodded. "Actually," Harry said as the pair reached the foyer of the shop, "if theoretically, a friend of mine wanted to learn some dark magic, where would you recommend him to go?" "That's one dark friend you have." Zaubermann smirked. "Borgin and Burkes if you want something of local origin, Schwarz&Schwarz if you want something more exotic." "Thank you." Harry smirked in return. "My friend will no doubt be very grateful." "He is welcome, Mr. Schwarz." Zaubermann replied. "Good day, Mr. Zaubermann." Harry said. "Good day, Mr. Schwarz." The wandmaker replied. xxx "What do you want here, brat?" A raw voice distracted Harry from browsing a bookshelf on various branches of dark magic. "Go find your parents before you destroy something." "Silence." Harry said, not even turning around. He took out another pouch and demonstrated it. "I am a customer, or does Schwarz&Schwarz shop have no need of customers?" "No, of course not." the same voice replied. Harry didn't need to turn to feel greed emanating from the owner of the voice. He hid the pouch under his cloak again and returned to browsing the bookshelf. "Dark Creatures and Their Properties…" Harry mused as he looked at the title of the book. 'Might be useful…' He took it. "Unforgivables". A book with this name caught Harry's attention. The grin on his face could have frightened anybody – as it was, nobody saw it. 'Bingo!' He took this book as well. "Influence One's Will" brought another frightening grin. 'This is certainly a jack pot!' Three books in his hands, Harry walked from books to artifacts. There were so many, and they were all so different. Egyptian artifacts, Celtic artifacts, Sumerian, European, Roman, Norse – it was amazing! Harry grinned evilly under his hood. Now he just had to find something interesting in there. A special necklace caught Harry's attention. Harry carefully picked the necklace up and inspected it closely. It was covered in runes. Harry couldn't even guess the origin of these runes