Virgin Mary Rent is a bitch. Paying for it, living on it. Even thinking about it makes me sick. I'm just a college student, second year, living off campus instead of campus. I needed a roommate, and that's what I did. I got a roommate. Just like any other person, I judged by papers. I thought I was getting a happy bubbly sweet girl who'd know not the get in my way named Sasha. Instead I got tall, lean, 6'2 guy named Sasha. The name wasn't the disappointment. The real disappointment was that he is a sex addict. Girls didn't know how to keep their legs closed around him, and he didn't know how to stop seducing them. I mean I understand college kids like having wild parties, streaking and losing their virginity. But this guy brought home a girl every day. I'm just thankful he was respectful enough to bring them at night. I walk out of my bedroom, and looked at the clock. 9:27 it read. Class started at 11:00 and I wanted to get there on time. I didn't want to fail because of tardiness. I walk to the kitchen. I heard a faint laugh coming from the room, I ignored it. It's probably some girl Sasha brought home. He always brought blondes over. She probably saw her ditsy-self in the mirror. Stupid Blondes. I opened the fridge and took out an apple. I then heard another giggle, more loudly this time. I didn't want to go and shut them up, but it was too fucking annoying. Before I could make any movement, I heard the door open. I quickly ducked down the island before anyone can see me. Sasha and I had thing whenever he brought a girl home, I was not there. That way he doesn't have to explain why there's another girl in the Apartment, and I don't have to hear the girl have an orgasm in the other room. And I was totally fine with it. "But I was planning to stay longer." I heard her say in a sad tone. Pathetic. "I'll call you." Sasha's voice rushed, I peeked up and saw him kiss her on the cheek. I roll my eyes. "Okay." I heard her melt into his foolish kiss. Idiot . He looked around, probably to check if I was in sight. He sighed relief and went out escort her out. When he came back, I was already on the couch legs up and everything. "So who's she?" I asked, not really caring, but wanting to make some type of small talk. He shrugged. "Probably number 49?" I commented. He smirked at me. I was hoping that he wouldn't have a smart remark, but you always knew this bastard would. "Why are you jealous?" I was totally disgusted. Ewwwwww! "Not at all." I finally say, and rolled my eyes. "You need to have sex." He said. I spun my head around so fast my neck twisted a little. But my breathing hitched, because Sasha's face was right in front of me. 5 inches away. I felt a creep of blush tint my cheeks. I tried to cover it up, but I bet it was too late. "Sex could loosen you up a little." He commented, my blue eyes meeting his brown. "You've…got to…b-be joking." Damn I stuttered. He smiled and walked away, leaving me there feeling like an idiot. I felt stupid for stuttering in front of him. But I felt even more stupid that he just walked away. He's the fucking worst roommate ever. It was 10 minutes since that embarrassing moment; I was already in the bathroom. I was taking a shower, now 1 hour until class, and I was running late. ~()~ I hurried to class, pushing anyone in my way. I really don't care for anyone in this school except for my best friend, Lena. I bumped into someone, now I was a few feet away from Phycology. I step one foot in, already spotting Lena. She was sitting next to my seat as usual. But some asshole was in my seat. And it wasn't any ordinary asshole in my seat; it was the chief asshole himself. I walked over to my seat; Lena was already under his phony spell. Staring dreamily, at something I don't find cute at all. I cleared my throat. Sasha looked up. He put his signature smirk on, something girls found hot for some reason I didn't know. "Virgin Mary," He started. What the hell? Virgin Mary? That was low. "What the hell are you doing?" I asked him, trying my best to ignore the 'virgin Mary' thing. "Nothing, just introducing myself to your friend." "Best friend." I corrected. "Yeah," He turned back to Lena. "Malaysia was it?" "Lena." She corrected, but still under his spell no doubt. I just pulled her to the side of the classroom. The teacher was late so I had time to talk to her. "What was that back there?" I spat. She was suddenly out of the trance. "What? I was just flirting with the boy!" she defended. Lena was someone who went after the boys, she got heartbroken once in her life so it was ok. She seemed like a strong girl, but I knew Sasha could break down those barriers. He just did. "Well don't." I ordered. Sasha was only trouble, not to mention a pain in my ass. "Why not? How do you even know him?" "I don't." I said a little too harsh. Lena rolled her eyes. "Whatever don't worry." She insisted. I sighed and Lena went back to her seat. "Get out my seat" I spat to him. "So that's the way you ask?" he said smirking. "That's all you're gonna get so I advise you move" I retorted. "Okay….. Virgin Mary" he said with that stupid ass smirk. He went to his seat and class started. ~0~ Twins Tonight was my night alone. Sasha had told me he was going out to the girl's house. That rarely happens so I decided to celebrate alone. I take a quick shower. I turned the faucet off and looked at myself in the mirror. My brown hair was damp and came down to my spine. Since, I have the night alone so I decide to do what I've longing to do before I got a roommate. Walk naked around the house. I went straight to the door, it was slightly cracked open, but I opened it. Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck. My eyes were connected with sneakers. I didn't dare to look up, but I had to. I would look like idiot if I just ran away. But it isn't like as if I didn't look like an idiot. Wow, this is a moment when I thanked myself for shaving my pubic hairs. God Blaire you're a fucktard. I slowly looked up. Sasha was right there, staring at my head. Or when I look up, my face. I felt my face blush violently. I wanted him to just walk away, but my luck with Sasha wasn't always high. Actually, everything I didn't want to happen always happened around him. So I knew bitch had to say something. He gave me an amusing smirk. But then he just walked right past me and got something out of the bathroom. Leaving me in the hallway, standing there once again like an idiot. Just when I thought I was safe, he whispered in my ear on his way back. "Nice twins by the way." You could practically hear the smile in his voice. With that he walked away. I quickly ran in the bathroom for a towel. My back against the door, I then looked down at my'twins.'God he makes me sick. Caught I just came back home from class and thanked God when I saw that Sasha wasn't there. It was getting late so I took a quick shower and decided to make myself something to eat. I was almost done with the pasta and the chicken was already out of the oven. Just as I was putting the food on my plate Sasha came in with girl number 50. I took a quick glance at her. Hmm a black hair girl. Not a blonde, I'm proud. I saw them going into Sasha's room. Here it goes. I knew I wasn't supposed to be there but fuck it I didn't care. They were probably too busy knowing who should cave in first. A second later I heard a 50 gave out a roar of ecstasy. Her screams went on for a while, and I got fed up. I slammed my plate down onto the island. I instantly realized my mistake. The screams in the other room stopped. I quickly hid behind island in the kitchen. I heard the door open. "What was that?" 50 whispered to Sasha. She must've spotted the plate on the island, because I heard footsteps come close. It wasn't longer than 4 seconds she found my knees-to-chest behind the counter. She looked at Sasha. "Mind telling me who the fuck this is?" She spat at him. "Are you dating someone?" I was about to say something but Sasha beat me to it. "No! Why would I do that her boobs are too small!" Ok. That hurt. "How do you know that her boobs are small?! Who's she?" 50 yelled. I hope the neighbors won't come out and look to see what's going on. I had to save him. "I'm his cousin!" I say, she looked at me. I've been working on my poker face; hopefully she fell for whatever look that was my face. And she did. "Oh I'm sorry!" She turned back to Sasha. "You never told me your cousin was visiting!" I stood up, and looked Sasha. His face was a mixture of relief and confusion. He quickly changed it to his regular coolness. "Oh I forgot." He walked over to me. His shirt was off. God I hated him, but he did have a body of god. He put his arm around me, and my cheeks turned pink. "Megan, this is Blaire my cousin." He 'introduced' me. She quickly shook my hand, and smiled. We all just stood there for a moment. Talked about awkward. "Well, I just forgot that I was meeting someone at Starbucks! It was very nice to meet you Megan!" I say putting my coat on. "See you guys later." And with that I went out the door, and quickly went to Lena's house. ~()~ I came back home two hours later. Hopefully that was enough time for 50 to be #1: either asleep in Sasha's bed, or #2: to be gone. I took it as number 2, because she walked out fully clothed, with Sasha behind her. Only with pants on, his perfect upper body showing. 50 smiled at me, I forced a smile back. "Nice meeting you again, Blaineley!" She said walking out. "Blaire!" I corrected, but she was already out the door. Sasha closed the door behind her, and quickly turned to me. I raised my eyebrow. "First you like my boobs, then they're too small for you?" I commented. "You really shouldn't be talking cousin." He smirked at me coming closer and closer. "Don't change the subject." Was the only thin that came to mind. "So virgin Mary's taking a stand?" he said touching my hair. Putting stands behind my ear. "I find that," He put his mouth close to my ear, "sexy." I felt shiver down my spine. It suddenly got hot in the room. "By the way," he removed himself from my ear and put his close to my face. Too close that if we were closer we would kiss. "I don't like your twins, and love your twins." With that he walked away, leaving me hot. Was I actually feeling some type of way for Sasha? Fat fucking chance. The Dream I moaned in pleasure as my lover rammed himself