In Grains of Sand Summary : In the summer of 1972, one wrongly-delivered letter and a single misadventure reveal to James, Sirius, and Remus what it means to be undesired. Two of them already knew; the other wishes they never had to know. Disclaimer : All recongizable characters and settings belong to J.K. Rowling. Story Notes : This story takes place during the summer after James Potter's first year at Hogwarts. This story is meant to coincide with the Starting from Scratch Universe, more specifically with Chapter Five of the sequel, but this could also be read as a stand-alone story. No pairings (aside from a little hint of James/Lily—they're only twelve, folks). Your clear eye is the one absolutely beautiful thing. I want to fill it with color and ducks, The zoo of the new… …Pool in which images Should be grand and classical Not this troublous Wringing of hands, this dark Ceiling without a star. ~Sylvia Plath~ Part I: From Hogwarts to Home Remus "Pass the salt, would you?" Sirius grinned around a roasted potato in his mouth. Remus glanced over at the staff table, pushed back his fringe, and settled his gaze on James. He'd recognized that gleam in James' eyes right away, even from behind his glasses. Peter held up a finger as he wiped away a milk moustache with the napkin on his lap. James poked at his meat with his fork and, heaving a sigh, stuck his elbow into the set of ribs to his left. "Come on, then, mate, I haven't asked you to finish my homework…" Reaching for the glass salt shaker, Peter gulped his tumbler of milk at the same time, giving himself a newly formed moustache. "Here, take it," he said to James after a noisy swallow. "Could've reached right over me." "Could have shoved your mug right in your gravy, as well, but I have manners, haven't I?" "The best," Sirius agreed, flashing his best mate a potato-less grin this time, "except for Pete's napkin-folding." He nodded at the boy who sat a head shorter than James and gave a short whistle. "Your mum would be proud." "Sod off…" Spoken through a familiar combination of steak and bitterness. "Oy," James admonished in mock-seriousness, deepening his voice, "his mum would not be proud. She'd—" "Buzz off, would you?" Remus didn't quite allow himself to laugh, and that was enough to rein the other two in. James stretched his arm across the table, offering the shaker to Remus. "Your turn, then?" "Not either," Remus disagreed, pushing away James' fist. "McGonagall can see us, you know. She's not blind." "Can you imagine the possibilities if she were?" "Here," Sirius said, offering his own palm, "I'll do it." "We have our last exam in twenty minutes," Remus countered, pushing away the plate he'd barely touched and reaching for his Potions text; he found the page he'd marked last night, pressing his fist into his forehead as he read. "There isn't time." James sighed, meaning to be heard. He tapped the salt shaker on the table. "Going to just let him get away with calling you that, then?" Remus shrugged, and without looking up, he reminded them, "I am scrawny." "So what? Rosier is a grotty wanker. He hasn't the bollocks to even pretend to take the mickey out of anyone. He's almost a bigger git than Snape." Remus glanced up, mindful of the edge in his mate's tone. When Sirius got going, he was a bit difficult to cool down. James, however, tickled at the string of blasphemy that had shot out of Sirius' mouth (and Sirius was the most talented of all of them in the name-calling department when he deemed it warranted), was flushed and grinning, clearly appreciative of this new and unique barrage of insults. "Quite right," James followed up, still pink-cheeked. "He deserves any stick we give him." "But—" "I've just decided," James stood, cutting Remus short. He'd already slipped the salt in the pocket of his school robes and was loosening the top with his fingers. "Look busy." Peter's cheeks were puffed out with mashed turnips. He wiped his mouth with his sleeve and nodded. "McGonagall's been watching everyone like a hawk since exams began," Remus commented, pretending to study. "She's in a foul mood; you'll never make it." "Old McGonagall's on the other side of the room, isn't she? She can't even see me. Have faith, mate," James said cheerfully. He took the shaker from his pocket, along with his wand, and shoved both hands under the table. " Windgardium Leviosa ," he whispered. Sirius, after his tirade, appeared rather subdued. "No appetite?" Remus looked up again to see Sirius using his thumb to nudge Remus' abandoned plate, eyeing the steak with pinched eyebrows. "Not particularly," Remus answered, feeling much less plagued with concern, since the next full moon was nearly a week away, and he'd be spending this one in the comfort of his home. Sirius nodded. There was nothing else to say about it, really. "Oy, there it goes—no, don't watch it." The pages of Remus' book flopped closed over his fingers, but he wasn't reading anymore. He sat very still, his ears perked up for Sirius' report. "It's under the Ravenclaws' table—almost there." Remus' hands prickled with sweat, his fingers sticking to the pages of his Potions text. "It's—I can't see it—it's…oh, no." "Other way, other way," James muttered, his eyes widening to the circumference of the rims of his glasses. "What happened?" Remus spoke to his book. "Someone knocked it. He's lost control." " Bloody —" The salt shaker bumped into the forehead of Professor Slughorn and promptly snowed its contents onto his steak and potatoes. Slughorn scraped his chair back in surprise and rubbed at the painful spot. A stillness fell over the staff table, as well as over the closest students who had witnessed the quiet atrocity. The silence rippled backward. No one blinked. "Put your wand away!" Sirius whispered out of the side of his mouth. "I can't move; he'll see me!" Remus' eyes crossed as he stared at his book, his face burning. Eyes flicking from his plate to each of the three of them, a slow flush crawled up James' neck. He was holding his breath. Picking his napkin off of his lap, Peter wiped a bit of pudding from his cheek, blinking owlishly. James being James—always finding the slightest twitch amusing among an embarrassed silence-clearly found Peter's napkin wielding a bit too much, for his cheeks suddenly expelled the breath he was holding, spraying out in the form of a single, lip-bubbling laugh that echoed through the Great Hall. Every eye fell on James like a magnet. Remus saw Sirius duck his head into his shoulders as the familiar sound of heels clicking on the stone floor marched their way, followed by the crisp clank of a thin piece of wood rolling from bench underneath James' bum to the floor as Professor McGonagall lifted him to his feet by a tight grip on his upper arm. So that's where he'd hidden it. James It always managed to rain on the days that were meant to be brilliant. Take, for instance, James' tenth birthday two years ago in March. His parents had given him a birthday tea in the theme of Puddlemere United: his very favorite Quidditch team. But when it came time to actually play the game, it thundered and poured, covering the courtyard with fat, muddy raindrops. Even with the rainstorm, today would have been brilliant as well, seeing as it was the first day of summer hols. Not only that, though—Sirius had managed to snag an empty compartment on the train for the four of them, and they had all pooled their sickles together to buy lapfuls of sweets, which Peter and Sirius were eating through with relish. Remus was starting to look a bit gray and droopy, so he had pocketed the rest of his Chocolate Frogs after nibbling his way through half of one. No one bothered him about it. James found himself picking at the wrapper of his Pumpkin Pasty. "Can't be that bad, can it?" Sirius prodded before using his teeth to help him tear into another Cauldron Cake. "It was the last day of the term—you don't know for certain if she sent your mum and dad a letter. She didn't give you a detention. McGonagall might have a sense of humor after all." James tried to smile, but every time Sirius mentioned Professor McGonagall, his stomach felt a bit worse. He only hoped his face wasn't as green as he supposed it wanted to be. "Even Remus has eaten more than you," Peter pointed out unnecessarily. Giving their friend an exhausted grimace, and having successfully removed his sweet from its pouch, Sirius stuffed the entire cake in Peter's mouth. Peter's protest was muffled as he coughed bits of pound cake and icing onto the floor. Even Remus smiled before turning sideways on the bench, where he was sitting next to James; he leaned his head back on the sweaty-looking window. "Could have been worse," Remus admitted as he pushed his fringe out of his eyes and closed them. "It's not as though you ran starkers through the classrooms turning over desks." "On the agenda for next year," Sirius said through a laugh. "Good idea, mate." And then turning to his seatmate, who was still coughing, advised, "Breathe, Pete." He clapped him twice on the back. "Anyway, if your dad chews your ear off for it, I'll tell him I helped." Even though he appreciated the gesture, James knew it wouldn't make a bit of difference to his dad. Never had with any of this other mates. He didn't tell this to Sirius, of course. Just like he didn't tell Sirius—or Remus and Pete for that matter—that although McGonagall hadn't given him a detention for belting old Slughorn in the head with a canister of salt, she had set out the key where James and the other first years—having been warned by the Prefects—knew she kept a plimsole in a dusty cupboard. Of course I'm the first one privileged enough to get a look-see at that manky old key on the last day of term, James mocked his Head of House in his thoughts. Yes, I should be terribly ashamed, shouldn't I? How flattering of her. Clearly, McGonagall hadn't yet learned that fair warnings and keys to cupboards don't smart in the least. No—without a detention, there wasn't any letter. James' felt his spirits pluck up a bit. "When is your lot going to the seaside?" It seemed to take Sirius a minute to realize two things: firstly, that James had changed the subject without his expecting it, and secondly, that James was, indeed, talking to him. When he did, however, his eyebrows jumped toward the ceiling. "My mother hates the seaside," Sirius said with a shrug. "She hates the way it smells." "You said you went last year," James countered, frowning. His family went every summer, rain or shine. And if his mother hated the smell of the fish and the salt water, she didn't care to tell the rest of them. "Well, yeah," Sirius agreed, leaning over to tie his shoe. Once he'd tightened the knot, he flipped his hair back, an odd sort of grin—Sirius' grin—cracking his face. "I doubt my parents will make that mistake twice." James wished his hair flipped like that, or did anything but kick up at the back and tickle his neck. "Besides," Sirius continued, grinning more broadly as he remembered something, "Regulus sat on a jelly fish and it stung him right up the—" "Ha!" Peter barked out, bouncing off of his seat. "You're joking." "Completely true. I dare you to ask him about it when we see him." James had only seen Sirius' ten-year-old brother once in September when he had tagged along with Mrs. Black to drop Sirius off