Disclaimer : All recognizable settings and characters of the Harry Potter series belong to J.K. Rowling. Story Notes : Sequel to Emerald Eyes ; AU; takes place during the summer before Harry's 3 rd year; a Snape mentors Harry story (NO slash). Beta : ObsidianEmbrace (Thanks, Tabitha!) Author's Notes : Thank you to everyone who has decided to continue reading on in the Emerald Eyes universe :-) I've appreciated all of your reviews and encouraging messages over the year, as I've trudged through my first official year of teaching. I hope you enjoy the sequel! Mindful Eyes Chapter 1: Only a Fortnight Harry shifted against the tree trunk he was leaning against and closed his eyes with a sigh. The weather in Surrey was hotter than usual today. Even the bark, clinging in odd clumps to the enormous, ugly tree sprouting out of the Dursleys' back yard, felt warm and itchy against Harry's back. A patch of damp t-shirt clung to his sweaty skin, but Harry doubted that a little more dirt from the tree would make any difference. He'd been at Privet Drive for over a fortnight, and in all that time, none of his clothes, except a handful of dingy underwear he'd washed four nights ago in the bathroom sink, had seen laundry soap or even fresh water. But Harry was hardly worried. Aunt Petunia would give in sooner or later, most likely when she realized that the dirt streaks along his sleeves and the knees of his saggy jeans were becoming noticeable to the neighbors. Grinning to himself, Harry wiggled his back against the tree trunk and scraped his seat along the ground; he could almost feel the dirt ingraining into the worn-out denim. Trudging into supper at half-past seven smelling of grass and grime on such a humid day would be the final straw for Aunt Petunia. Without a doubt, a small pile of his soiled clothes would be in the washing machine by nightfall. That is, unless Uncle Vernon was in one of his moods . In that case, his uncle would be shouting at Harry instead for getting his trousers so grubby…and then shouting at Harry again for being the cause of his sore throat… Harry stopped wiggling. He wasn't in the mood for cleaning his uncle's spittle off of his glasses. Sticking his feet out in front of him, Harry sighed again, louder this time. The sun was a soft orange now, and it flickered through the leafy branches of the tree in Mrs. Figg's yard. His uncle would be home very soon, followed by Dudley, who would be panting from the heat as he attempted to pry his enormous rump out of the backseat of Piers' mother's Volkswagen. Vernon would complain about the lack of air conditioning in the office and Dudley would whine about the scanty amount of butter on his cinema popcorn. Harry wrinkled his nose at the thought. With the sun out of his eyes now and the occasional wisp of a lukewarm breeze blowing through his fringe, he tried his best to shrug away the notion of such impending doom. As always, he was determined to enjoy these Dursley-free moments as long as possible. Listening to the screech of crickets off in the distance, Harry picked up the heavy book that was lying next to him in the grass and opened it to the page he'd folded over only ten minutes before. Balancing the binding between his knees, Harry hunched over his text, A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot, and ran his finger down the last paragraph in the third chapter, searching, once more, for any information on witch burnings for Professor Binns' essay. Finding nothing after several minutes, Harry snapped the book closed and tossed it back on the grass. He could look again tomorrow. Tomorrow , Harry thought, dejectedly. A whole twenty-four hours. He clunked the back of his head against the trunk as he dug the worn heels of his trainers into the dirt, semiconsciously flicking his thumb along the edge of the locket under his t-shirt; the metal had been sticking to his clammy skin all afternoon. Suddenly, Harry heard the swift grinding of the glass door sliding open. He twisted around, biting his lip when he saw Vernon's backside wedged into the open space. "I told him it needed to be done by today , Petunia!" Vernon's voice wafted through the screen insert in the open window; he had paused, one foot still over the threshold. Harry cringed and held his breath as he peeked around the thick tree trunk. Vernon's pudgy finger was pointing at the flower bed that lay alongside the concrete porch. "Give the boy a simple, ruddy task and see what he does! Defiance, Petunia! Defiance, plain and simple!" "You said it had to be done by the weekend ," Harry whispered to himself, still watching carefully. "Not today …" He gritted his teeth in anger as he listened to Uncle Vernon carry on, wondering what had gotten his tent-sized knickers in a twist. Must have been an extra-bad day at work , Harry figured. A few seconds later, he could hear distinct shushing noises coming from his Aunt Petunia, followed by her stiff muttering. Harry knew his aunt was concerned about the neighbors overhearing, like always. He didn't need to have Hermione's IQ to figure that out. "…Dudders will be home any minute now," Petunia said more clearly. "Wash up, dear." "Well, if the boy thinks I'm waiting even a second on him to come traipsing in from his tomfoolery, he's got another thing coming, hasn't he!" Vernon growled, stepping back into the house. Harry let his breath out. "Why, he can just—" "He's in the yard, Vernon." An awful silence. Harry's teeth worried at his lip until he saw the glass door slide the rest of the way open, banging against the opposite side. Jerking back around, Harry thought fast. At the last second, he caught sight of A History of Magic . Harry sucked in a sharp breath, his stomach crinkling. He'd be in massive trouble if Vernon knew he'd picked the lock to rescue his school books from the cupboard under the stairs. If only his uncle had worked a bit later, like he usually did in the summer when it stayed light outside until nine, Harry could have sneaked the book back upstairs, past his aunt, who, by this time, never paid attention to anything but the temperature of the pot-roast. But it was Friday—of course it was. And Vernon rarely stayed at work past seven on a Friday. Idiot , Harry chided himself. How could you be so stupid ? "Ah ha!" Harry started in surprise, shoving the textbook underneath his thighs. Vernon glowered down at him; his eyes were slits above his splotchy, swollen cheeks. "Thought you could hide from me, didn't you, boy! Lazing about like a no good—" "I'm not hiding…" "Oh ho!" Vernon chortled, throwing his head back slightly. "You're not , are you?" Harry furrowed his brow in annoyance, but he bit the inside of his bottom lip again to keep from saying something he'd undoubtedly regret later. He shifted carefully. "What would you call this , then?" A pause. "Well!" Harry glanced down at his lap, willing himself to keep quiet. He would have loved very much to speak the words that were boiling inside of him, but he didn't feel like going to bed without supper tonight—his stomach had been growling for nearly half an hour. Choosing the safe route, Harry shrugged. Suddenly, Vernon emitted a strange, soft noise from the back of his throat; Harry sensed his uncle lunging forward but had little time to react before Vernon's large fist grabbed a handful of his t-shirt and yanked him up. Harry could hear the faint sound of ripping as his soiled collar stretched, his trainers scrabbling in the dirt until he was finally able to slap his open palm against the tree trunk and right himself. His uncle leaned in close, speaking in a chafing whisper. "I've had about all I can take of this cheek , boy!" Harry tried to pull away, wrinkling his forehead in disgust at the close-up view he had of his uncle's sweat-soaked mustache. "I've hardly said a thing in two weeks…" "Actions speak louder than words, now don't they!" "I haven't done anything !" Harry whispered back. "See!" Vernon rasped. "You see that!" He twisted Harry's shirt; the collar tightened uncomfortably. "See what?" "That snark ," Vernon sneered. "That disgusting smirk plastered all over your freaky little face… I've seen enough of it these two weeks to last a lifetime!" The collar digging into Harry's neck was beginning to smart. He reached back to try and loosen it, pushing against the tree with all his might. "Let me go ." "I'll take no orders from you, boy!" Harry heard the sound of frantic tapping against the screen in the window, but Vernon ignored it. "You're ripping my shirt …" "That's the least of your worries, isn't it," Vernon said through gritted teeth, giving Harry a good shake. The rapping against the wire mesh intensified, and his uncle glanced away long enough for Harry to grab a hold of his t-shirt and yank it out of Vernon's white-knuckled fist. Stumbling backward, Harry's heel caught the edge of a gnarled root that protruded out of the grass, and he tumbled to the ground, bottom-first. Harry clenched his teeth at the pain that flared almost immediately. Vernon whipped his head back around at the grassy thud , his lips twisted in leering triumph as he eyed a gray-faced Harry slumped on the ground, nursing a stinging hip. "Serves you right, I say." Vernon swung away toward the house, grumbling, "Get in the house, boy, and set the table for your aunt." He waddled a few steps, and then halted, his enormous belly wobbling with the sudden movement. Turning slowly, he squinted down suspiciously at Harry. Harry pressed his lips together as he kneaded away the last of the lingering burn with his fingertips, but he paused when he glimpsed Vernon glaring down at him…at the patch of grass behind him… "What the ruddy hell is this?" Vernon muttered as he plodded over toward the tree again. Forgetting his injury, Harry twisted around and reached for his book, but amazingly, Vernon was faster. Shoving Harry out of the way, his uncle dove more quickly than Harry had ever seen him move and snatched up A History of Magic by its cover. The cream-colored pages fanned out, flapping loosely against each other. Wheezing with exertion, Vernon managed to trap Harry against the trunk of the tree with one beefy knee hovering dangerously close to the boy's chest while he flipped the book closed and frowned down at the golden-stamped title along the binding. Instantly, Vernon's face clouded like a brick-red dustbowl; a purplish vein popped out of his temple as he glowered down at his nephew. Harry had seen that color stain his uncle's cheeks enough times to know that nothing good would follow. But his own adrenalin was pumping wildly at the moment, and Harry's sense of self-preservation was sparse. He pushed against Vernon's shin with one hand and grabbed for his History of Magic text with the other. "Oh, no you don't!" Vernon's knee nudged Harry in the chest firmly enough to press his back up against the trunk. He was holding the book by the front cover again; Harry could see the thread of the binding begin to pull loose from Vernon's rough treatment. "I need that for school," Harry choked out in a thin voice. He reached out for his book again, but Vernon jerked it away. "If you think you're getting this back, boy, you've got another thing coming!" Harry pushed against Vernon's knee again, but the bulbous joint wouldn't budge a millimeter. "Not so mighty now, are