AN: Hey everyone. So this is our first fan fiction on this profile. We do have another profile called 'cutiepie2121' that has a completed story on it called 'letting loose'. We would love for the rest of you guys to read it and tell us what you think of our writing. PM us, review us, follow us and favourite us. We love you all. R&R ;) xxx Chapter 1 Katniss' POV 'Katniss Everdeen.' I hear my teacher say into the microphone. This is it; this is the moment I've been waiting for, after 14 years of school, I've finally finished. I take a deep breath and walk slowly up the wooden steps. I watch my feet all the way up making sure I don't trip up. But when I finally approach the main part of the stage I look up slowly, meeting eyes with my teacher, Mrs. Coin. She holds out my diploma and gives me a huge smile; I've always been her favourite student. I smile back, beam actually and hold out my hand to take the piece of paper that defines my future. 'Congratulations Katniss, you deserve this after all your efforts these few years!' she says loudly, so everyone can hear her. I nod my head in thanks, too nervous to say anything, and take the piece of paper. She steps back to let me past her and I walk down the steps the other side, holding the diploma to my chest, scared it will disintegrate into dust at any moment. In the distance I hear Coin call out another students name but I'm paying too much attention to finding my way back to my seat to notice who it is. I look around and try to seek out my seat. I see all eyes are on me and not the stage, I blush and look down. I riskily look up again and see Gale giving me a slight wave, pointing to the chair next to him. I sigh and smile, making my way over to the seat that is free next to him. Gale. My bestfriend. Brother. I have known him since I was around 12. I met him in my history class when we had to go around and introduce ourselves. Since then he has always stuck by my side. I also had Madge, Gale's girlfriend, Jo and Delly but Gale was the one who was subjected to me. 'Way to go Catpiss!' he whispers laughing lightly. 'Catpiss' is his nickname for me. In history class when I told him my name I was shy. He thought I had said that my name was 'Catpiss Evergreen'. I scowl at him and sit down. He laughs again, he sound like a serial killer. I turn to the stage and see that it is one of the geeks Beetee. He and Wiress are the geeks of the school. Or were. 'So, plans for summer break before you're off to college? Gale whispers into my ear. I turn to him. 'Um…relax really with the girls, what 'bout you?' I ask him. He smiles. 'Well I need to teach Rory some football skills and Posy how to play tennis!' he says excitedly. I laugh at his excitement. We both turn back to the stage to see that we are being dismissed now. I stand up and straight away end up being pulled to the side by my sister, Prim. 'Picture, picture.' She says to my mother who is holding hands with my father. I smile and pass mum the camera that was in my pocket. '1, 2, 3…and done…' she says slowly. I take the camera back and end up giving it back when Jo wants a photo, then Madge and then Gale. We all walk back to the cars after some sad goodbyes. My mum is blubbering by the end, and my sister in tears. I laugh at them and walk to my car with Jo. 'Jo and I are going to go home and get ready for the party tonight, see you then' I say and wave them off as I pull out of the school. I turn left and end up in a traffic jam; Jo sighs loudly and I laugh at her. I open my window letting air into the hot car. Jo slams on the radio when we notice how quiet it is. All the single ladies (All the single ladies) All the single ladies (All the single ladies) All the single ladies (All the single ladies) All the single ladies Now put your hands up [Verse 1] Up in the club, we just broke up I'm doing my own little thing You decided to dip but now you want to trip Cause another brother noticed me I'm up on him, he up on me Don't pay him any attention Cause I cried my tears, for three good years Ya can't be mad at me [Chorus (inlove) Cause if you liked it then you should have put a ring on it If you liked it then you should've put a ring on it Don't be mad once you see that he want it If you liked it then you should've put a ring on it Wuhu uh oh uh uh oh oh uh oh uh uh oh Wuhu uh oh uh uh oh uh oh uh oh [Chorus] [Verse 2] I got gloss on my lips, a man on my hips Hold me tighter than my Deleon jeans Acting up, drink in my cup I could care less what you think I need no permission, did I mention Don't pay him any attention Cause you had your turn And now you going to learn What it really feels like to miss me [Chorus] Wuhu uh oh uh oh uh oh uh oh Wuhu uh oh uh oh uh oh uh oh [Bridge] Don't treat me to these things of the world I'm not that kind of girl Your love is what I prefer, what I deserve Is a man that makes me then takes me? And delivers me to a destiny, to infinity and beyond Pull me into your arms Say I'm the one you want If you don't, you'll be alone And like a ghost I'll be gone All the single ladies (All the single ladies) All the single ladies (All the single ladies) All the single ladies (All the single ladies) All the single ladies Now put your hands up Wuhu uh oh uh oh uh oh uh uh oh Wuhu uh oh uh oh uh oh uh oh [Chorus x2] Wuhu uh oh By the end of the song Jo and I have our arms up in the air and are singing loudly. When the radio stops blasting out music, we both fall back in our chairs and start laughing. 'I'm going to miss this, us,' Jo states sadly. I turn to her and see she is slumped in her chair. 'Hey, I'm not going far. You will be 2 hours away, and I've always got my phone!' I tell her. She nods. 'But it won't be the same.' She whispers. The car is silent the whole way back, but a comfortable silence. Later on that day... 'Does this dress make my bum look big?' Jo asks. I laugh and shake my head. 'No, it looks great. You look great.' I tell her and she blushes. 'Shut up!' she says and runs around my room grabbing her phone, purse, jacket and shoes. I laugh at her and turn back to the mirror. 'So...are you going to make a move on Marvel tonight?' Jo asks me whilst I put my lippy on. I cringe. 'Erg...NO!' I shout after I've done. 'He is grim.' Jo laughs and walks over to me. 'Don't you think that you should at least get a boyfriend in college?' she asks. I shrug. 'Love is just another emotion.' Jo's face falls. 'It isn't, it brings life, joy...happiness. And you need that,' she tells me. I look down and try to change the subject. 'Anyway...' I say awkwardly. She stands up and grabs her car keys. 'Let's hit the road!' she shouts. I cheer and walk out the house after her. And the rest of the night is history... 3 months later... I jump on top of my suitcase and force the zip shut. Thank god for that, didn't think it was ever going to close! I slump off the bed that the suitcase is sitting on and drag it onto the floor. I t makes a loud thud! That shows you just how heavy my stuff really is. I drag it towards the door and down the stairs...with help. Finally the suitcase is propped up by the door and is ready to go. I turn to see that my whole family are there to see me off. I go to Prim first. 'Be good for Mum and Dad, yeah?' I ask her, she nods and lets a tear fall from her eye. 'Hey, I'll come visit on holidays.' She nods again and hugs me tight, I laugh lightly and hug her back just as tight. When she finally lets go I turn to my Dad. 'I can't believe our little girl is off to college!' he beams. I laugh and pull him into a hug. I pull back and see even he is getting teary. 'And don't you have any uncontrolled parties, you hear?!' he says strictly but then softens up at the end. He gives me a peck on the cheek then heads to the door. I turn to my Mum who is already in tears. 'My baby...' she whispers as the tears fall faster. I run into her open arms and cry on her shoulder. She strokes my hair like she used to and rubs my back. 'I can't believe how fast you grew up. It feels like yesterday you were first riding a bike down the back lane, or tying your shoelaces for the first time.' She cries. I laugh and kiss her. 'Promise you'll call, text, write.' I nod to her suggestions and pull away. We all walk to my Father who is now by the door and have a group hug. 'I love you guys so much!' I say and walk out the door towards the cab that is waiting for me on the side of the lane. They all come after me and stand by the cab side whilst I get in. I open the window and wave out as the driver pulls away from the place where I grew up. Soon my family are just a part of the scenery. I take my hand back in the window and slide it shut. I lay my head back on the seat and shut my eyes. The radio's music from the front of the cab floods into the back seat, I let myself get lost in the music. So lately, been wondering Who will be there to take my place When I'm gone, you'll need love To light the shadows on your face If a great wave shall fall It would fall upon us all And between the sand and stone Could you make it on your own? [Chorus:] If I could, then I would I'll go wherever you will go Way up high or down low I'll go wherever you will go And maybe I'll work out A way to make it back some day Towards you, to guide you Through the darkest of your days If a great wave shall fall It would fall upon us all Well I hope there's someone out there Who can bring me back to you [Chorus:] If I could, then I would I'll go wherever you will go Way up high or down low I'll go wherever you will go Run away with my heart Run away with my hope Run away with my love I know now, just quite how My life and love