Part One: Silent Nightfall It is my duty, Diamond told herself. It was at times a sharp reprimand when she found herself longing for the breathless beauty of the cold Northern moors or the comfort of family. It was also a reminder of the debt she owed to those same people who had raised her. It was an obligation, a payment. A responsibility. Bound to her family. Of course, she counted herself lucky among hobbits. Peregrin was a fine hobbit, with a wealthy, prestigious family and a reputation among the more romantic hobbit-maids as a dashing young fellow whose good looks and charm could soften any lass's heart. But more importantly, he was rumoured to be possessed of boundless generosity and an sweet kindness born from a heart of pure gold. Nonetheless, Diamond dreaded her engagement to the famed Peregrin Took, knowing little of him besides his prominent family, his skill in battle that had been proved by he and Captain Meriadoc's resistance of the ruffians, and his long journey south. She resented her elders for arranging a marriage with someone she hardly knew. What was the point, anyway? To settle an ancient feud between the North-Tooks and the Tooks of Great Smials. The cause of the strife had been long forgotten, but the rivalry—if one could call it such—still existed strongly in the brash youngsters and bitter ancestors. Disagreements led to arguments, prejudice turned arguments to heated disputes, and sometimes—mostly by the actions of the younger, hot-headed relatives—disputes went as far as brawls. The Thain and the leaders among the North-Tooks had decided to attempt an end to this continuous conflict and resolved that the best way to carry through with that was to devise a marriage between the Thain's son and a young North-Took lass. Duty. Diamond had never asked to wed the distinguished Peregrin Took, but nor had she complained when this responsibility was laid upon her. Duty, she told herself. That was how she bore the sleepless nights troubled by a fierce dread in the pit of her stomach. That was how she bore the endless congratulations of her family and his, even when she wondered why they were congratulating her. She feared wedding Peregrin—he was born into an illustrious family, noted for his remarkable defeat of the ruffians in the Shire with the aid of Meriadoc and Samwise, and revered for his knowledge in battle and his courage. Why would he think much of a poorly bred, meek hobbit-maid from the backward Northfarthing? She wondered how she would ever please him, much less understand him. She hardly even knew Peregrin. They'd met once before the wedding formally, and then countless times to make arrangements and to dance together briefly at parties before rejoining their friends and family, and Diamond and Peregrin had scarcely exchanged ten words during this course. Their conversations, quick and trivial, never extended beyond polite greetings, a few awkward comments about the weather or the harvest that year, and ended abruptly with excuses and apologies. It wasn't that Peregrin was particularly shy around lasses—quite the opposite, indeed—but Diamond was never sure how to behave around him, so she spoke little and kept her eyes downcast. He, in return, tried to be as considerate and gracious as their few discussions allowed and privately wondered what to make of her. From first impression their match was poorly formed, but as both the Tooks and the North-Tooks hoped, perhaps Peregrin and Diamond would grow to love one another. This alliance was essential to keeping the peace between the two clans, and whether they liked it or not, Peregrin and Diamond were tools, instruments, at the hands of their families to regain good relations. She remembered their wedding day. Diamond had been increasingly anxious the days before, and that day was certainly the longest and most fearful of her life. She fretted over the lace on her wedding gown, she fussed over the food and other such arrangements, she squirmed under the itchy material of her bodice and anxiously checked the mirror every few minutes to flatten stray hairs into place with irritation or smooth an imaginary wrinkle in her skirt. But most of all, she dreaded the very hour that her life would be joined with that of Peregrin Took's forever, when she would be whisked away from the stormy moors and heath and highlands of the land that she loved like an uprooted flower and dumped carelessly to grow new roots here in an unknown place. The wedding ceremony was even worse. Diamond's heart thudded with painful force, and she gripped Peregrin's hand tightly as the mayor Samwise Gamgee performed the wedding rituals. She once dared a glance at him and realised with an odd sense of comfort that he was sweating, maybe nervous she was. Diamond drew a deep breath and wished with her whole heart that one day she could learn to love him, and he her. After the wedding, weeks passed before Diamond could speak to Peregrin without blushing or looking down. When first she acted uneasy with him, he worried that perhaps she had been attached to another hobbit before she wed him. Once Peregrin finally found the courage to suggest such a thing to his wife, Diamond fervently assured him otherwise. After that, he couldn't tell whether things were better or worse between them. There were a number of things that convinced him that she did not yet love him. Peregrin often insisted that she call him Pippin, but the fond nickname felt so awkward and foreign from her lips. At times when Diamond was addressing him, she would begin to call him 'husband', but decide halfway-through that 'Peregrin' was more suitable, then remember his instructions to call him 'Pippin' and somehow would stumble through an odd combination of all three, blushing furiously. Their conversational skills gradually progressed beyond paltry remarks about the weather and occasionally extended to the beginnings of a serious discussion, but Pippin's hopes of such were always dashed when Diamond would shy away from his attempts to get to know her, preferring solitude to his company. And because Diamond was relatively busy during the day, wandering Great Smials or helping in the kitchen or attending to the children, the only time of the day that Pippin had the time to be with her was in the evening after supper. But Diamond always seemed so reserved, so reluctant to speak with him, and usually she simply curled up in bed and stared out the window of their apartments that faced north. Pippin supposed she missed her home, just as he had missed his after departing on the great Quest for all those months, but he felt somewhat hurt that she wouldn't open up to him. As much as Diamond held Peregrin in the highest regard as a warrior and a leader, she felt so insignificant beside him as an individual. Diamond was always nervous and almost tense when speaking to him. She didn't know what to say. She wanted him to like her, at least, but she had no idea how to convince him to do so. She was unfailingly polite and obliging, but always so detached from him. In those days, Diamond was increasingly lonely, and while she held her thoughts and words inside instead of sharing them with Pippin, she longed for comfort, a husband's tender comfort that she had always dreamed of. Diamond was continually plagued with homesickness, a yearning for the solace and familiarity of how things used to be. It was always harder to bear when she thought of what she'd left behind. Peregrin was a fine gentlehobbit, with refined manners yet a certain boyish daring and charm, and Great Smials was a beautiful region of the Eastfarthing, but at night she rolled over in bed to face the window that looked north, seeing the same glimmering constellation of stars that she used to admire back in Long Cleeve, and the ache in her heart was sharp and painful. Homesickness was always something that Diamond, shy and quiet, knew she would suffer from. She missed her old life, her friends, her home, her family, with a deep regret. She missed tramping through the moorland with her brother. She wore breeches then—it was impossible to wander through thicket and swamp with the long, wet weeds and the muddy hem of her skirt tangling her steps. She missed the warmth of her mother's embrace and how she always smelled of cinnamon and rosemary; she missed her sisters and brothers and how they always seemed to understand her; she missed her abundance of aunts and uncles and cousins and grandparents who always used to tease her about settling down. Diamond missed gazing upon the mirror-smooth lake Evendim; the mysterious, soft calls of the owl that lived in the gnarled, twisting oak tree beside her home; the wide grasslands and gusty highlands of the Northfarthing; the mourning whispering of the wind in her ear and caressing her face; the soft call of the raven to its fledgling. But most of all she missed huddling close to the cheerful fire on stormy nights, listening to the soft rise and fall of her father's voice as he told her wonderful stories of courage and heroes and battles, gently lulling her to sleep with quiet words and gestures. She remembered being draped across her father's lap as he absently stroked her hair, and she remembered staring up at the vast expanse of stretching darkness above—the evening sky, with the fading light of the sunset slowly slipping beyond the horizon and pure, deep blue of the sky above her. Home was where she belonged, not here in this lavish estate with farms and strangers and servants. Why was she here, anyway? Duty. It was, then, as much a comfort to her as Peregrin was. Diamond tried to settle herself at her new home, but growing roots in a land where she felt so lonely and out-of-place was so hard. Diamond had an intense desire to please her new relatives, and she strove to satisfy everyone, wanting to fulfill their expectations of the future Thain's wife. Diamond tried too hard, perhaps, in her struggle to conform to everyone's hopes of her. She did everything she could to help the running of the household—assisting the nurse-maids with the children, tending the garden, seeing to it that everything ran smoothly. Diamond even went as far as to help the servants prepare the meals. Word spread that the future Mistress of Great Smials, an uneducated and unrefined girl from the coarse North country, was disgracing herself by lowering herself to the level of servants. Rumours were whispered and began to circulate; Diamond felt the haughty glares of her elders and the sniggers of others as she passed by them, her cheeks burning with shame. Peregrin heard the rumours by nightfall and sternly hushed them. Knowing full well that Diamond was aware of the gossip also, after dinner when they were left alone in their apartments, he approached the subject as cautiously as he could. With Peregrin's kind words, Diamond found herself bursting out with everything she had kept within all that time—her homesickness, her loneliness, the faraway memories of her old life, how she was struggling so hard to fit in because she feared no one would accept her, that she was trying and trying to belong but nothing seemed to work. Peregrin, overwhelmed by the emotions his wife had kept locked within her, took her in his arms and tried to give her the comfort she had been so afraid to seek. "Diamond, hush. It's all right. It's all right, really. Oh, my dearest Diamond, don't you see? Everyone here loves you. You don't need to try so hard to please everyone. You need to be yourself, and that's all they need of you to accept you. Hush, now, don't you worry. Don't you see? Don't you see, Diamond lass? You're giving