Title: Mine Author: Laura-shi Beta: Kissa ( Kissa is no longer my beta, but for all the help in the previous versions THANK YOU ) Pairing: Faramir/Haldir and minor Rumil/Lindir/Orophin, Elrond/Melpomaen, Erestor/Glorfindel, Legolas/Silinde, and Aragorn/Arwen Rating: M + Disclaimer: The Characters in this story do not belong to me, I gain no profit from this story, I own Nothing! Summary: The war has ended and Elessar has been crowned king. Faramir, who is waiting for his mate to arrive, is completely oblivious to Eowyn attraction towards him, but his brother-in-laws do and are worried of how their brother will act when he finds out. What Faramir do once his mate arrives and things become more complicating. Category: Language- foul (cussing), M/M homosexual relationship (Slash), M/F Heterosexual relationship (Het), M/M/M Threesome (Slash), Fluff AUTHOR NOTES : 'emphasizing your words' 'Thoughts' All Questions will be answered at the bottom and if I find your comment wether it be Critizim or other interesting I might also comment on that to. Looking over his balcony and down, Faramir felt at peace as he took a light sip of his drink. Soon he would have to get ready for the evening meal which he was looking forward to and at the same time dreading. Curently he was exhausted and just wanted to head for bed instead of going off to dinner, but he suspected that he would be hunted down by his friends and dragged to the meal if he did that. As he breathed in deeply he smiled to himself as he went over the last couple days and the improvement he had seen since the new Queen and King had taken the throne. From what he observed Queen Arwen was evenly matched for King Elessar and they were much in love with each other. A true pair to reperesent what a relationship was all about. Giving and Taking. Stepping in side he placed his now empty glass on the table as he headed for the bathroom to freshen up, before he headed for the great halls where the meals were served. As he thought of the up coming meal with the guess his frowned deepened as he thought of the missing those who would not be their to celibrate the new age. Shaking his head he scooped his hands into basin and splashed water into his face, before snatcching a a towel and wipping his face. Looking up I felt a smile spread across my face at the new memories that he had gained over the last couple weeks. Compared to memories of when he grew up here the new ones were much lighter and bright. As Faramir straighted his clothes as he exited the room and headed to the Great Hall. This place as he looked around held a lot of horrible memories for him, and he wondered if he could even stay hear for long periods of time. Shifting he shrugged the shady thoughts away as he continued on his way, but as much as he tried the thought were still at the surface. He felt trapped here, as if the walls were closing in on him and he could do nothing about it. Gliding down the halls making sure not to make a sound, he turn the corner and see the door to the right in front of me. Shaking his head, Faramir cleared his head of all neagitive thought and as he reached for the door knob he felt much lighter. I was gazing around the room looking for my steward and wondering where he was and what he was up to, but if he thought of missing dinner again so help me. I will go after him with a vengeance. Faramir was skinny enough and I had made a promise to Boromir to watch over his 'little one' if anything happened to him and something did happen to Boromir. Before I met Faramir I truly didn't understand what was so special about him, but the first time I saw him I knew why Boromir wanted Faramir to be protected from those who wished to take advantage of him. Faramir was a precious jewel that does not appear so often, he was one in a million, a person who was selfless and pure of heart. Sighing, I rubbed my eyes, and looked at that the door, silently willing it to open and have my stubborn steward walk in and if the Valar were listening to me, there he is, standing in the door. Where the heck did he come from, I did not hear him come down the hallway, and trust me that is a loud hallway. If you can hear Ada come down it, or even one of the twins who love to sneak up on people come down that hallway than you should definitely here Faramir. I look around and that no one noticed Faramir enter the hallway. Faramir strolled over to his seat barely touching the ground and was about sit down right to Eowyn. Watching them Elessar caught Faramir's eyes as he grinned before turning back to his conversation with his Ada. He only heard bits and piece of the conversations that were happening around the room and wondered how his 'elven' family could tune it out so well. Sighing he took a sip almost spitting it out when Arwen put his hand over his. "They look to be getting along well." Arwen smiled gently at her herven. "Who...?" "Eowyn and Faramir." Arwen picked up her drink as she sipped it lightly before putting it down. "Yes they do seem to have become fast friends..." Elessar thoughtfully replied as he watched his steward. He was a stubborn one, his steward. "Yes, although I am not sure who is more stubborn Eowyn or Faramir... maybe it is Faramir as he does have that wicked since of humor." Arwen smiled brightly while her eyes widen as her herven started to cough most likely because his drink went down the wrong way. "Ion-nin are you ok?" Elrond patted his son's back as he watched him with intense eyes. "Yes ada.... the drink just went down the wrong way..."Elessar cleared his throat as he shifted under his ada's intense stare. As he looked over to his steward who was sitting with Eowyn they seemed to be in deep conversation. Looking back at Ada, I noticed that he seemed to be giving me one of those looks, the problem is which one is it, because if it is the one . I smile shakily at him and look around one more time to see if there is anything interesting…….. Hold it a minute I stop on the Lothlorien brothers Rumil and Orophin who where currently glaring daggers at someone, as I followed there eyesight I am lead back Eowyn and Faramir. Now what is it that has them bothered with those two. Rumil watched his brother-in-law and Lady Eowyn interact with each other and he continued to glare at her as he currently was not amused with the interaction between the two. It was obvious to him and Orophin that Lady Eowyn was interested in Faramir. It was probably obvious to a lot of people that she was interested everyone, but Faramir who seemed oblivous in his opinion. Hopefully what he saw was just a freindship bond and nothing more as he did think that his older brother Haldir would be amused if it was anything else. Rumil watcched his brother from the corner of his eyes as he muttered unintelligently as clutched his fork so hard that it started to bend against the strength. Placing a hand on his brothers arm he shook his head when he was pinned with a glare that had been directed at Eowyn "Peace gwador, remember Haldir trust Faramir and you know that Faramir would not do anything to break his trust. So let us wait to speak about with him in private." Rumil lowered his voice so only he and his brother could hear the words passed between them. "Agreed... Let us retrieve him once the meal is over..." Orophin went back to his meal as he thought of what he and his brother could do to get Faramir away after dinner. "What ever we do we will need to find out about the situation before Haldir gets here and sees this and deals with this himself" Rumil and Orophin shuddered at the thought of their brother's temper. "Well how about asking him for a tour of the libary and then the archery range tomorrow that will give us a couple days." Orophin suggested as he took a big bite of his food. "That just might work." Rumil nodded as he retured to his meal feeling somewhat better than before. Nodding his head Faramir listened to Eowyn's plans for Rohan and its people of course she had to run it across her brother, but from what he could tell she was very passionate about her home and very loyal too. "That sounds like some impressive plans you have there, Lady Eowyn... I am quiet sure that Eomer will look over your ideas thoroughlyand might I suggest showing them to our King." Faramir tapped his fingures as he went over the new information. If he was to be fourthright with himself he would have to admit that this idea could also help the other communities and its people. "Do you think so...?" Eowyn grin spread across her face as her hair danced around her. She was very happy to find someone who would take some time to listen to some of her ideas. "Yes I believe so... Lady Eowyn... They are truly good plans and if I might be forthright I would say that could help the other communities as well." Faramir grinned as he watched Eowyn's eyes come to life. He had to admit even though at first he had thought of this women to be annoying he was now quiet pleased that he took some time to know her as she was turning out to be someone who he could have a good conversation with and someone he could see himself becomeing good friends with. "What are you doing tomorrow Faramir?" Eowyn asked as she watched Faramir. "I will be quiet busy I am afraid... I have to check up on the progres... find some new trainers for some of our younger groups of children and then I will be teaching archery to some of the newest recruits for the Ithilien Rangers. Although I seem to be having trouble finding someone who will train the younger group of children in sword fighting." Faramir rubbed his chin not seeing the glint enter Eowyn's eyes. "If I do not sound to bold Faramir might I offer my service in train the younger children." Eowyn smiled. "No.. of course I would apperciate that... There will be couple girls in the class as well and will some of the men are a little uncomfortable with working with the girls." Faramir grinned as he remember the excuses that he had been fed. "All the better..." Eowyn grinned at the prospect of training more girls to defend themselves. "Good I will run it by our King tomorrow morning... Training is usually done after the noon meal and I do not think you will have any prpoblem, but if you do their is some Ranger around that can find me." Faramir smiled as he now had one less thing to worry about. As he was continue with his conversation he noticed Rumil and Orophin heading their way as he set done his fork and turned his direction. "Hello 'Lord' Faramir, we heard that you were the person to ask about a tour of the library and my brother Orophin and I were wondering if we could take some of your time." Rumil smiled down at Tithen gwador. "I would love to show you around the library." Faramir nodded, before