Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns all things Twilight. I own a mortgage, a golden retriever, a laptop and the scenario to this story. Though there is nothing graphic here, some of the themes in this story may be disturbing to some readers. If a character craving punishment and withholding of privileges upsets you, don't read this story. Author's Note: I started reading fanfic nearly a year ago when a stress fracture had me off my feet and in front of the computer much more than usual. It's been an eye-opening and deeply satisfying experience. Sebastien Robichaud, Snowqueens Icedragon, WriteOnTime, tarasueme, WndrngY, hunterhunting and so many others: I've enjoyed your stories more than I can say. I don't consider myself in your league, but wanted to contribute something to this remarkable community of readers and writers, so here's my entry into the FF world. Many thanks to my beta Serendipitous, also known here as Meilleur Café, for her assistance. Without her, this story would be much less clear. And far more prone to sentence fragments. Release Bella saved her old bedroom for last. In the months since she began clearing out Charlie's house, she hadn't so much as opened the door. There was no point: she couldn't use the bed anyway. On weekends, Bella only slept in one bed, and then only by invitation. Otherwise she took her rest on a blanket on the carpeted floor of His bedroom. Since Charlie's floors were all hardwood, He had directed her to use an air mattress when she spent her weekend a month in Forks. It was an uncomfortably kind command given that any weekend away from Him was technically a breach of their agreement. He was usually more about denying her privileges and pleasures. She hoped he could limit his sympathy for her to the loss of her father—she needed him to be strict, unbending. It was the only reason she had agreed to be His every weekend, from 6 p.m. Friday to 4 p.m. Sunday. At the top of the stairs, Bella broke open a new pack of banker's boxes and began assembling them. Late afternoon light, gloomy from the overcast, filtered through the open door of Charlie's newly empty bedroom and seemed to rise up the stairs from the floor below. It was Sunday, and she still had a nearly four-hour drive ahead of her. He had assigned a 10 p.m. lights-out curfew on school nights. Bella considered ducking out as she stacked the last empty box beside the door. What was another month in the scheme of things? There was no rush to get a "for sale" sign in front of the house: Charlie had owned it free and clear, and it wasn't as if the market was hot. If she left now, she'd have time to pick up groceries and grade some papers before bed. If not, she'd have to hope for good weather and light traffic to make it home in time. But she'd been dreading this, and having it hang over her head for another month was too awful to contemplate. Her heart threatened to pound its way out of her chest as she set her hand on the doorknob. She'd just have to be quick. She took a deep breath, trying to convince herself that the time pressure would keep her from dwelling. When the doorbell rang, she was, for once, relieved. People still stopped by sometimes. It was part of having a beloved public servant for a father. The entire town seemed to miss him, and need to pat her hand or give her an awkward hug. Today, she welcomed the distraction. Until she made it to the bottom of the stairs and saw the silhouette in the narrow window next to the front door. For an instant, Bella considered not answering, but her car was in the driveway so she was obviously there. Besides, her visitor would have known anyway. Alice always knew. As Alice reached for the bell again, Bella unlocked the deadbolt, opened the inside door and waited. She didn't normally answer the door with a staredown, but it had been ten years. And Alice, once her best friend, had cut her loose without so much as a goodbye. Alice's hair was still short and pixie-like, though she now wore it in a sleek, sophisticated style that suited her new life. She was an up-and-coming fashion designer, and looked every inch the part. But then, she always had. Alice stared back, seemingly at a loss. Bella tried to picture herself from Alice's perspective: still short, though taller than her, still slim. Long brown hair, though she'd learned how to tame it into a smooth sheen, and it only brushed her shoulder blades now. Same jeans, same Chuck Taylors, same band T-shirt. Bella's casual clothes were still comfort first. She suspected Alice would approve of the things she wore to class. As a young, petite woman, Bella made a point to don edgy, yet somewhat formal clothes to keep the line between student and teacher clear. Bella wasn't their friend or a potential date. She also insisted they call her Dr. Swan. Professor for short. Bella let Alice search her face for what seemed like both a moment and an age. When she breathed, "Bella" and reached for the screen door handle, Bella turned and walked to the kitchen, daring her to follow and avoiding the bone-crushing hug that had always been Alice's signature greeting. Or the awkwardness, if no hug was forthcoming. The click of Alice's heels echoed off the bare walls and floors, letting Bella know exactly where she was. She stopped two steps into the kitchen. Bella kept her back to Alice as she measured the coffee and started the pot. Once the coffee maker began hissing, she took mugs and the sugar bowl from the one cupboard that still held a handful of mismatched dishes she used on weekends. As she pulled the half-and-half from the fridge, Bella finally broke the silence. "I'd ask you to sit, but the table and chairs sold at the garage sale." So had everything else. Except for a few lamps and her old bedroom, the house was essentially bare. "Bella." Alice's begging voice had worked its magic on Charlie many times during their high school years. On everyone, really. But it didn't seem magical anymore. It seemed laced with regret. Or maybe that was just what Bella hoped to hear, because Alice's rejection had hurt just as much as Edward's. She'd never been so blindsided, not even when Edward walked her into the woods behind Charlie's house to "talk." "How do you take your coffee these days?" Bella turned her head slightly to speak over her shoulder, but didn't look at her. Alice took a ragged breath; she was either crying or trying not to. "Same as always." Bella scooped two teaspoons of sugar into one of the mugs, poured coffee into both and added cream, stirring slowly and silently before crossing the room with both mugs. She held out Alice's and finally met her eyes. They were gray and lovely, just as Bella remembered. Her makeup was exquisite, intact despite her tears. If this had been a different kind of moment, Bella might have asked what brand she used. Alice reached as if she was going to take the mug, but gripped Bella's wrist instead. She studied her until Bella pulled away, then took her mug, still staring. "You haven't changed." Alice seemed to intend it as a compliment, but Bella bristled. She was irrevocably changed. "Save the sweet talk, Charlie's not here." Her voice wavered so she averted her eyes and blew on her coffee, trying to collect herself. She could usually talk about her father without letting the loss creep into her voice, but not with Alice. She never could hide things from Alice. "I didn't know, Bella. I just heard and I had to see you. I—" She seemed at a loss, but Bella didn't need an explanation. She'd seen enough media coverage of Alice's career to know she now lived in London. "What really brings you back to Forks, Alice?" She couldn't keep the chill from her tone. "You didn't fly halfway across the globe on my account." Though her eyes flashed a reproach, Alice quickly gathered herself. "I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have come. It was selfish. But I was in Portland on business and when Edw—" Her face paled in a way Bella had only seen it do once before. On her eighteenth birthday. The bare room suddenly felt far too close. She had to get air. As Bella pushed past her, Alice choked out, "I never wanted to." Bella turned and fixed Alice with a cold stare. "But you did." Nausea rose fast and hard. Bella bolted toward the stairs and the house's only bathroom but Alice grabbed her elbow and spun her around. "He's going to kill me for this, but you have a right to know." Bella jerked her arm away, but was caught by the fear in Alice's eyes. Though adrenaline pounded through her system, urging flight, she couldn't move. "Edward is here." Bella shot a panicked glance past Alice, half expecting to see him standing on the porch. "In Forks. He's opened up the house." Bella didn't venture into town much, just to the grocery and the diner, and had assumed the pitying looks were still sympathy for her loss. For Charlie. She was the last to know. Again. Alice's eyes seemed to read her every thought and Bella wanted to slap her. Damn Alice for still having the power to hurt her. And damn her more for witnessing the pain. "Get. Out." Bella's voice strained with her effort to remain in control. Tears coursed down Alice's face as she backed toward the front door. "I'm so very sorry, Bella. For everything. I can't begin to tell you how sorry I am." Alice let out a sob then, something Bella had never heard before. The Alice she knew only cried pretty, useful tears. Bella was truly ill by then, and ran up the stairs. When the dry heaves subsided, Bella flew into her old bedroom to look out the window at the front yard. Her car was alone in the driveway; Alice was gone. And she'd crossed a threshold she'd been dreading without a second thought. She turned and took in the room. Not much had changed, except it appeared Charlie had stowed a few things in here over the years. A pair of hip waders next to the door. A quilted flannel shirt Charlie wore when fishing in cool weather on the bed. Bella picked it up and held it to her nose, hoping for a whiff of Charlie, but it just smelled musty. The room was emptier than she expected, but it made sense: most of her clothes and books went with her to college and she never brought them back here. What remained was a twin bed, dresser, desk and chair, the rocker in the corner, the posters on the walls. And all the things she left this town to forget. Edward. The only important things Bella had left behind were related to Edward, and now he was back. Sudden clarity dawned: she needed to finish this today. She never wanted to set foot in Forks again. She stripped the bed and hauled everything to the laundry area next to the kitchen. After starting the first load, she brewed a new pot of coffee and examined the contents of the fridge. There were leftovers from her dinner the previous night, so she heated them up and ate standing at the counter. She scraped her plate into the garbage can, then dragged it to the fridge and threw away all the condiments, a couple of stray packages of fish from the freezer and the last few cans of Charlie's beer. She unplugged it and left the doors open so