Author's Note: To those of you who've been patient enough for the past eleven months, sorry we took so long to come up with this. For new readers, you'll have to read the mammoth Black Bond to make any sense of this. Hope you all enjoy the part II of Black Bond as much as you did part I. Happy reading :-) oOo (A short recap. Since we write such huge chapters, it's tough to cover everything that's happened in the last two chapters. But we've just given a very brief overview of the main events towards the end of Black Bond) After escaping death at Greyback's hands in the Forbidden Forest, where Acquila possessed Harry and transformed his body into his lion Animagus form, things are not quite the same between them with her struggling with Greyback's traumatizing attempt at assaulting her. Sirius, meanwhile, investigate's Barty Crouch Senior's death and realizes that Barty Crouch Junior is still alive and aiding Lord Voldemort in his quest to regain a new body. With Trelawney's Prophecy about Voldemort's return and the fruitless search for Horcruxes weighing on his mind, Sirius decides that he needs to maintain his hold in the Ministry. Showing Cornelius Fudge memories of Harry fighting Quirrel and Kingsley Shacklebolt watching Voldemort's wraith fly away, Sirius convinces Minister Fudge about Voldemort's existence and the need to keep it silent even while building up a plan to contain his possible attempts at regaining power. The Werewolf Rights Bill finally gets passed, and Amos Diggory appoints Remus as Head of the Werewolf Liaison Office. After Dora accepts Remus' proposal of marriage, the two of them move out of Grimmauld Place into a flat of their own. Deciding that the kids need a change of place to cheer them up after the Greyback episode, Sirius takes them on a trip to France, where Harry and Acquila finally shed off the awkwardness and rekindle their friendship, and where they meet the Delacour family. oOo Chapter One: The Skull in the Sky His hands felt awfully cold despite the relative heat of the summer. Yet, beads of sweat prickled at his brow as he read the words on the parchment. On slightly shaky feet, Lucius took long strides towards the fireplace, already casting spells to keep Cissa and Draco or the elves from entering the room. Another swish of his wand and the fireplace erupted into tall flames. With trembling fingers, he dropped the parchment into it, stoking the fire, his wand swishing and swishing until there was nothing left of the parchment but the ashes, which he vanished with another wave of his wand. He stared at the empty hearth for a long moment, his forearm seeming to burn. Or perhaps it was only his fright at seeing Igor's letter that was making him doubly aware of the Dark Mark that lay branded on his skin – a testament to how he could never be free of his past or of the Dark Lord. Igor , Lucius fumed. Igor, the idiot. Why did the fool have to write to him now? For all he knew, Black was having Malfoy Manor monitored! What if the letter had passed through the hands of the Ministry before it reached Lucius? Or, more worryingly, what if it hadn't been written by Igor at all, but planted by Black to have Lucius thrown into Azkaban? Lucius almost snorted at the thought. He had had a little too much to drink tonight, it seemed – like most other nights. Black wouldn't want to put Lucius in Azkaban any time soon when he had proved so valuable for him with manipulating his Death Eater pals. And Black wouldn't monitor Lucius… why would he need to, when he had Lucius' own wife sneaking his secrets to him? Cissa, his dear Narcissa… She was all but lost to him now. Oh, they put on a good show for Draco, alright: the perfunctory kiss before breakfast, attending social gatherings together, spending their evenings with Draco like a proper family. But it was all an act, of course. The moment Draco was out of sight, she would push off Lucius' hand, behaving like even the littlest of contact with him was disgusting to her. But why wouldn't she feel sick of him, Lucius mused, when even he felt disgusted with himself at times – every time he saw the scar on Draco's cheek, every time he saw his son turn pale and gaunt as the full moon approached, every time people stared and whispered about the half-breed at pureblood parties. The Werewolf Rights Act was all well and good legislatively, but social mind-sets about lycanthropes would take decades to change. What better an example of that than Lucius himself? He couldn't help but shudder every mealtime that Draco asked the elf to make his steaks a little raw, couldn't help but feel disgust at the scars that marred his son's pale skin, couldn't help feel sickened that his own seed and blood, the last of the Malfoy line was a filthy half-breed, a werewolf. And what was worse was Lucius was to blame for that! For maiming his son for life! For hiding the Dark Lord's threatening note from Black, for leading to the descent of House Malfoy into depths they could never rise from, a taint that would never be wiped off the Malfoy bloodline. He stood up, the sudden motion making his head spin a little. Yet again he wished he had Narcissa by his side. She had always given him good counsel before things went south between them. She would have told him what to do, helped him make up his mind on which side to choose, told him what Black was up to. But now, she never would. This was a dangerous conundrum he was stuck in, Lucius knew, with Black on one side and the Dark Lord on the other. He sat back onto the chair, fidgeting with his wand, before he grabbed the empty glass from the table and refilled it, swallowing the cold liquid in a single gulp before he refilled the glass again. Perhaps others like Nott and Yaxley were already on the way to seeking the Dark Lord and getting into his good graces again – because they, like Lucius himself, knew that the Dark Lord wasn't dead. Maybe Lucius should have looked for the Dark Lord, too… he still had time to do that. He had already got a taste of how far-reaching the Dark Lord's powers were; Draco getting bitten had proved that. He couldn't risk inviting the further ire of the darkest wizard of all times. He had to protect Draco and Cissa. He could still redeem things; he could still seek the Dark Lord, plead for his forgiveness, beg to be taken back into his fold, offer his wealth and connections and whatever power he had left for a chance to keep Draco and Cissa away from the Dark Lord's wrath. He stood up again, pacing around, staring at the remnants of the liquor in his glass. The liquid sloshed – burgundy and brown, and then gleaming gold when he walked below the bright chandelier. But as he walked to a darker corner of the room, he felt a chill down his spine as the liquor seemed to turn a deep crimson – a shade not unlike the blood that had bathed Draco when Greyback dug his jaws into him. With a cry of fury and revulsion, he threw the glass away, hearing it shatter against the wall, the liquor painting the wall a dull red. He couldn't do that. He couldn't seek the Dark Lord, not when Black had bound him with the Vow he had sworn. It had been more than a year since the day Black had come storming into Malfoy Manor, screaming at Lucius for having planted the Dark Lord's Diary into Hogwarts, for almost having gotten his pesky children killed. But Lucius remembered what Black had made him swear as well as if he'd sworn them just the previous day. Swear on your magic, on the magic and the blood of your very House that you shall neither do nor even seek to do anything that shall put Harry Potter and Acquila Black's lives at harm, Black had made him vow. Even now as he remembered the words – even though they'd been unspoken, only a deep magical resounding in Lucius' mind… he could still feel the force of the oath thrumming in his very veins, though it had been so long since he had sworn it. Not many people put stock in the tales of the powerful and ancient magic of pureblood Houses. But Lucius knew all the tales were true. Black had had him swear a blood oath, an oath on the very magic that dwelled in Lucius and Draco's blood, the magic that they had inherited from innumerable Malfoy wizards and witches dating back to centuries. He could not go back on his word to Black, not when he put the very existence of the House of Malfoy at risk. He could not do anything that could even remotely harm Harry Potter. Nothing at all. Black had his hands well and truly tied, the Muggle-loving bastard. But the Dark Lord was rising again, Lucius knew, as he rubbed the brand on his forearm. Even Igor, who resided miles away in Durmstrang, had felt the Dark Lord's power, felt the Mark burning, the Dark Lord calling out to his faithful followers. Not responding to the command would mean certain death when the Dark Lord rose again. And responding would result in the complete decimation of whatever remained of the Malfoys. He ceased pacing around now, his throat parched, his eyes glancing at the liquor cabinet again. It was the only thing that gave him blessed relief now – the alcohol. An escape from the sleepless nights, from his uncaring wife, from his lycanthropic son, from the fear of dying at Black's hands and of watching Cissa and Draco succumb at the Dark Lord's. Lucius swore, summoning a new glass, reaching out blindly for the first bottle that he could find, when a sudden knock at the door startled him. "Father! Why have you magicked the door shut?" It was Draco, of course. Cursing under his breath, Lucius stumbled a little – a sign that he had already passed the threshold of soberness tonight. But despite his tipsiness, his spell worked decently as he unlocked the door with a wave of his wand. "Father, I heard some noise— oh, " said Draco, noticing the shattered glass and the splotches of liquor that marred the wall. Damn. He should have cleared the mess before letting Draco in – yet another sign that he was more drunk than sober. Draco stared at him, uneasy, uncertain. He might not adore their son like Narcissa did, but Lucius knew his boy very well. He seemed to be struggling between requesting Lucius to curtail his drinking and avoiding rebuking his own father like any good Malfoy should. Draco remained silent, though he seemed about to burst with his unspoken words. Finally, he spoke, not quite meeting Lucius' eyes. "Is there something wrong? Between Mother and you?" "Of course not," Lucius lied smoothly. It was, after all, the only thing that Cissa and he agreed on: that Draco should never know that his father was responsible for him getting bitten, that it was the reason why his parents were husband and wife only in name and nothing else, that Lucius had (with a lot of unintentional help from Sirius bloody Black) destroyed everything that he had ever loved and cherished about his family. "You—you—well, you drink a lot nowadays," stuttered Draco, silver eyes finally meeting Lucius'. He had grown a lot taller now, Lucius' boy. In another couple of years, he would tower over both his parents. Perhaps, he had his Black