Renesmee Carlie Cullen known as "Nessie or Ness", nickname given by her best friend/brother/protector/future love/imprint Jacob Black, was a beautiful young girl, with unusual coppery hair color with slight curls falling past her waist, with her mother's deep chocolate brown eyes and with a dimpled smile. She had pale skin and rosy cheeks and unlike her family, her skin glowed a little in the sun. Her aroma was a balance between vampire and human. Right now she looked like a ten or twelve, but she's been on earth five years only. She was super smart, even more than an adult human, and she had a special power. She was able to transmit feelings, dreams and memories by using physical contact only. She had a lovely family. Everyone loved her, and she loved every single member of her particular family. Her parents called her their "miracle" and her grandpa Charlie loved her just the way she was. He never asked questions about how she grew so fast in such a shot time or why she looked so much like his daughter Bella, he only knew that Ness was his grandaughter and that was fine by him. She was spoiled by her two aunts, Rosalie and Alice. Rose was like a second mom to her, she always looked out for her, taking care of her since she was born. And Alice, well, she was the cool one, using her as a doll and always buying her clothes. Her uncles were like kids when it came to her, always playing with her, watching her fave princess movies and teaching her things that most ladies wouldn't do. As for her grandparents, Esme and Carlisle, they were amazing. Esme loved to cook her different foods and desserts, and even though she prefered blood, she was starting to love the human food. And Carlisle, he always looked out for her, making sure she had a balance between the human and vampire world. And she couldn't forget about her precious Jacob Black, her wolf and imprint. She always knew that Jake imprinted on her the day she was born, she still remenbers how he looked at her, and the way he fell to his knees, so it wansn't a secret. She loved him with all her heart, he was her soulmate and her lover. He was tall and very well built, with his dark skin, short hair and beautiful smile. Yes, she loved him so much sometimes it hurt. Okey, she may look like a twelve year old girl, but her feelings towards Jake were starting to change, and she didn't see him as a brother anymore, but that's something she was going to keep to herself until she looked more like a woman and less like a kid, even though she was starting to develope her breast and her features were starting to look more mature. Today was a big day, she was turning six and her aunt Alice was throwing a party for her. Everyone was invited, form the vampires that help in the war with the Voulturis, to the wolfs and even Billy, Charlie and Sue, who was like another grandmother for her, in fact, Ness called her "grandma Sue". Yeah, the party was going to be big and luckly for her human family, the vampires coming were all vegetarian. Alice picked up a really cute dress for her, it was royal blue with some flowers in a really pretty baby blue color, and it had a bow of the same color. She was going to look beautiful. It was 5pm and everything for the party was more than ready, the only thing left was getting ready. She was in her aunt Rose room with her mom, Alice and Esme, the five of them getting ready, but mostly Ness. They have done her hair, putting it in beautiful bun. Rose gave her as a present a necklace that used to be hers when she was a kid, it was gold with little diamonds all over the really fine chain. Rose told her to wear it in the party and never took it off, because it will give her luck. Ness was so happy with her present, not beacause it looked expensive, but because it was special for her auntie, and now it was special for her too. When the guests started arriving, Ness was at the front door greeting them and accepting the presents they gave her, but the only persong she wanted to see at the moment was Jake. It was almost 7pm and everyone was there already, well, everyone except Jacob. She was starting to have a bad feeling, she knew that Jake would never miss her birthday, but was that why she was worried, it was something else and she didn't knew what. At 7.20pm Jacob finally arrived, but to her surprise, he wasn't alone, a girl was with her. She was tall, and really pretty, she had brown eyes, her hair wasn't really long but it was blond, it remainded her of honey. She was very well developed, with curves in all the right places, and she was wearing too revealing dress for her liking. Ness didn't understand why this girl was with Jake and in her birthday party, it didn't any make sense. As soon as Jacob saw her, he took the girl's hand (another thing that didn't make sense) and mede his way over her. He dropped the mistery girl's hand and gave Ness a bear hug. "Hey birthday girl, how are you?" he said while giving her his present. She looked at him and smile. "Fine thanks" she looked at the present and opened it. It was a beautiful charm breacelet, with four pendants, one of a wolf, another of a moon, a sun and a heart. "Wow Jake, it's beautiful!" she said giving her best friend a hug. "Want me to put it on?" Jake told her smiling. Ness nodded and gave him her wrist. It looked beautiful on her, and it made her smile even more. But then she notice the girl standing behind Jake, and when he saw her look at the mistery girl, he stood up and took her hand. "Ness, this is my girlfriend Jessica. Jessica this is Renesmee" Ness stood there, in shock. Jacob had a girlfriend? Since when? It was normal that a wolf, already having an imprint could date other girls? Ness was so confused at the moment, she didn't knew what to think. And he didn't present her as "Renesmee his imprint" or "Renesmee his best friend" not even like "Renesmee his little sister", she was just Renesmee. "Nice to meet you kid" said Jessica bent down to her level and put her hand out for her to shake. Ness just looked at her, then at her hand and again at her, but never accepting her hand. Jessica's smile feaded and stood up again. It was an uncomfortable situation. Ness just couldn't believe it, Jacob Black, HER Jake, HER imprint had a girlfriend. She was just in pure shock. Jacob just looked at her, whatching her expression. He could feel the tension. "Thanks for coming to my party, enjoy the rest of the evening" was all that Ness said to them before walking away with her head down and with her aura much less happy. Nessie walked away from them, feeling like crying. She went outside, away from the laughs and smiles, away from the happines. She just wanted to be alone. She sat at the porch stairs and looked at the already dark sky. It was almost black. She looked at her wrist and observed the bracelet. She considerd taking it off, but finally decided against it. Not wanting to be so close to them she got up and went for a walk, that would help her feel more like herself again before going back to the party, her birthday party. She walked and walked until she was tired enough to even think about that girl, Jessica, who was dating her Jake. When she was coming back to the house, she heard a noise. It sounded like if someone needed help, the person was breathing hard, like if he or she was gasping for air. She went closer to the sound determinated to help the poor human that was having breathing problems, but when she got near enough to see what was going on, she almost scream. There were Jacob and his girlfriend, almost naked. He had her pressed against a tree and was sucking her nipple. Ness wasn't an expert in the sexual aspect of life, but she was smart enough to know that they were going to have sex right there, in the woods, on her birthday. She was so angry at him for doing this to her, because he was suposed to only love her, and wait for her until she was old enough to be in a relationship with him. What she was seeing only broke her heart even more, but she wasn't going to let him do it, not ine her birthday at least. "Jacob?!" she screamed. Jake turned around and found Ness looking at him with disapproving eyes. "No Ness, it's not what it looks like, I swear!" he told her while tucking himself in his jeans again. Ness looked at him and then run away from. "I'm sorry Jess, but I can not let her go like this" she told his girlfriend before going to look for Ness, without waiting fr her answer. He knew that having a girlfriend was a bad idea, mostly because he already had an imprint, and he was suposed to love her more than anything in this world and never cause her any harm. But lately he couldn't stop thinking of how much he was going to hate himself when Ness started to turn into a young woman and his feeling made him want to fuck her every now and then. It made him sick, because she was only six. He was looking for her, but couldn't find her anywhere. But luck was on his side, and a wind coming from the north brought her scent, guiding him to where she was. Turns out that Ness was brathing hard against a tree, her beautiful bun almost undone form her running. Her face was flushed and there were tears in her eyes. Jake thought that it was because she was scared. When he approched her, she turn around to look at him. "Ness, I'm so sorry. I didn't meant for you to see that." so he wasn't sorry for hurting her, but because he didn't wanted her to watch what he was about to do with the blond. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath and started running again, at vampire speed. Jacob was surprised, Ness has never walked away from him, lets not say run. He undressed himself, tied his pants to his ankle and shift. He then started running after Nessie, looking for her. Ness run as fast as she could, knowing that Jacob was chasing her. Ness found a cave near a waterfall and hide there, hoping that the sound of the water would distract Jacob and made him keep running. But Jacob wasn't a fool, and found her spot. He shifted again, put on his jeans and went for her. "Ness" she looked up and cursed under her breath, she should have known that he would found her. "Look, I know that you are scared but-" "I'm not scared Jacob, I'm angry" she cut Jacob off. He looked at her with surprise "Angry because you are suposed to love me and not anothe girl. Angry because yo arrived late to my birthday party. Angy because you showed up with her. And disapointed because you where going to have sex with her near my house, on my birthday party, on my special day, knowing that I'm your imprint" Jacob just stood there,