Stratagem Con Chapter 1 Flight Disclaimer: Everything in Harry Potter universe belongs to J.K. Rowling. I got nothing out of this except for enjoyment. " HE GOT OFF! HE GOT OFF! HE GOT OFF!" " SHUT UP!" roared Mrs Weasley. In spite of the fact that Harry was cleared of the charges for using magic in Little Whinging, and that he was looking forward to go back to Hogwarts, he did not know what will happen next. He considered the words that Ron had told him over one month ago. " She went to ask him if you could come straight to us this summer, but he wants you to go back to the Dursleys, at least at first." " Why?" " She said Dumbledore's got his reasons, and I suppose we've got to trust him, haven't we?" Why did he have to trust Dumbledore? He could've spend the summer holiday elsewhere. He knew that Privet Drive has never been his home, his aunt and uncle had never treated him like a son. He did not know whether he should trust Ron or not, but he thought that it would be best not to show his suspicion in front of him. That night, as he fell asleep, two figures appeared. He immediately realised that it must be his parents, but he suspected that Voldemort might be using this way to trick him. However, he decided to give it a shot and see if they are real. "There's something you've got to know, Harry," Lily said. "What?" asked Harry. "Let's start from Dumbledore," Lily said. "He is not trustworthy." Harry did not know what to say, he simply stared at Lily. "Do you know how much you have suffered while you were living with my sister?" Lily asked. Harry nodded. "Why did Dumbledore want me to go back there?" he asked. "His reason for you to go back there was because he want you to be protected from Voldemort and his Death Eaters," Lily said. "He had set up some blood wards so that Voldemort would not be able to find you. But why didn't he check on you? He was raising you to die, so he had to make sure you have nothing to live for, or hope for, since part of Voldemort's soul lives in you, something has to be done about this before Voldemort could be defeated." "No wonder I have been having dreams about Voldemort when he was angry," Harry said. "The Dementors attacked you and your cousin this summer, was ordered by none other than Dolores Umbridge," said James. "She did this to prevent you from spreading the fact that Voldemort had returned." Thinking back about what happened in the courtroom during his trial, Harry felt really angry, he had almost been expelled from Hogwarts for using a Patronus against the Dementors, and Dolores Umbridge was laughing about it, along with some other people in the courtroom. He wondered whose side Fudge was on. The Minister's disbelief of Voldemort's return would no doubt give Voldemort an advantage, and what with Fudge's leaning towards the Pureblood society, that he agreed with Wizards like Lucius Malfoy, Walden Macnair – both happened to be followers of Voldemort, this would no doubt be making the Ministry a vulnerable target to Voldemort. And the Daily Prophet's wording of assumptions against him would only increase Voldemort's chance of launching an attack against the Wizarding world. Thinking back of his past four years in Hogwarts, it was his home. But he knew that this year, even the Wizarding world had made snide remarks about him, and he did not know what would happen if he returns to Hogwarts. "We are going to get you and Hermione out of here at once," said James. "I want you to have a happy life." Considering what happened in the past few years, Harry knew how horrible the Dursleys had been to him, living at their presence had never been a good experience for him. After he went back to Privet Drive as soon as he had finished his fourth year at Hogwarts, he spent time outside the house, determined to find out about what was happening in the Wizarding world. Upon his arrival at Grimmauld Place, he discovered some disappointing things through Ron and Hermione, from the Daily Prophet, mentioning about him being an attention seeking person, etc. "What about Ron?" he asked, thinking of what would happen if he didn't have Ron beside him, or at least letting Ron know that he would be leaving Britain with Hermione. "I don't want Ron to come with you," James said, "because I can't just separate families, if I let all the Weasleys come with you and clone them, some of them won't believe us, and they won't cooperate with us, so it would be best to leave them be." Harry sighed. "Yes, I understand that this action may not be doing good to them afterwards, but this option is by far the best," James continued. Harry knew that he liked Hermione, but if he take Hermione with him, he would most likely be studying with her all day long. "I know what you are thinking, Harry," James said. "If you had been brought up in a proper environment, you would have made better choices of whom you should befriend." Harry gasped, and he realised that he had been goofing off like Ron did, for a bit too much. He had only been poring over books in the library when the whole school didn't believe him entering the Tri-Wizard Tournament. Then he smiled. "How are you going to get us out of here?" he asked. "We are going to use a magic known as Metaphysical Magic to stop time for a moment," said Lily. "This magic will not be detected by the Ministry." "What is Metaphysical Magic?" asked Harry. "Metaphysical Magic is a type of magic that is beyond what Wizards can think of," Lily explained. "It can do pretty much anything to both the Muggle and the Wizarding world, and no one will be able to recognise it." "Only people who live beyond death can receive it, however, they only receive it if they truly need it," James added. "It is issued by Death." "Can you stop the time for as long as you want so I can just do whatever I need to do?" Harry asked. "We are only allowed to stop time for a maximum of thirty minutes," Lily said. "Where do you want me to go once I get out of here?" asked Harry. "To the Granger's residence," James said. "But I want you to prepare to leave the country. It would be best if you can get a passport from Gringotts before you leave this country." "Where are we going to go after we leave Britain?" asked Harry. "Canada," James said. "You and Hermione will be attending a new school called Saint Acute Academy of Magical Arts, which starts on the second week of January." Harry gasped, but then he smiled. "To prevent anyone in the Wizarding Britain from becoming aware of your absence," Lily said, "we will clone you, and your friend, Hermione Granger, before we get you two out of here." "We will first get the part of Voldemort's soul out of your head, Harry, and we will banish it into your clone," James said, "in this case, if Voldemort gets angry, your clone will have dreams about him." "Will any Wizards be able to tell whether it is the real me or the cloned version of me?" asked Harry, his mind on Dumbledore, Voldemort and some of the other people who knew him. "We will prevent any of the Wizards in here to be able to acknowledge that you had been cloned," Lily said. "By simply making the clones identical in every aspect, no one would suspect any of them. Plus, using a clone to protect the original is an uncommon thing in the Wizarding world, unlike the Polyjuice Potion effects." "And it won't be necessary for us to help prevent you and Hermione from being discovered by anyone in the Wizarding world in Britain," said James. "Once we made the clone, the people in the Wizarding Britain would think that you are there, they would not have the thought that another one of you staying somewhere else, and therefore wouldn't be thinking of tracking you down." "We will get two toy robots, and turn them into your appearance and Hermione's appearance," said Lily. "We will make them function exactly like the real you and Hermione would." "And how long are you going to keep those robots appear like us?" Harry asked. "We will transform the cloned you and Hermione back into robots at a certain point, depending on what happens," Lily replied. "There's really no need for you to know when we are going to do this." Harry smiled. Then another thought occurred to him. "What about Sirius?" he asked. "He's locked up as well." "We will clone him as well," said Lily, "but he will need to get a trial as soon as he gets out of this country because he was accused of a crime that he did not commit." "You could've appeared to me years before now to get me out of Britain, though," Harry said. "You are right, we could have snatched you away from the Dursleys before you even arrive at Hogwarts, or even before your second year. But we would like to seize the correct moment to get you out of here, since we had discovered Dumbledore's insistence for you to return to the Dursleys had been a bit of a burden for you, right after you had witnessed Cedric's death, plus the fact that people were publishing lies about you, this is the right time to get you out," James said. /Scene Break/ Soon enough, Harry found himself in a house that he had never been before, he glanced around, and saw Hermione standing next to him. A moment later, their trunks appeared in front of them. "You are in my house, Harry," Hermione said. A moment later, a man appeared. "I know that you two would come," he said. "Nice to meet you, Harry, I am Dan Granger." He paused, and then he said: "Come, Harry, I will show you where you can sleep," he said. Harry followed him into a room, and then Dan turned on the light. Harry scrambled onto the bed, and pulled the blanket over him, while Dan turned off the light. "Sleep well," Dan said. "We can talk tomorrow morning." Then he walked out of the room. A few moments later, Harry fell asleep again, and then he saw his parents. "The fake Harry and Hermione has been created, Harry," said Lily. "Now it is time for me to take the piece of Voldemort's soul out of your head." She pointed her finger at Harry's scar, and after a few seconds, Harry felt something oozing out from his scar, and then Lily disappeared. "She will be back in a second," James said. "Would anyone be checking us?" asked Harry. "At the moment, the time has been temporarily stopped," James said. Just then, Lily arrived back. "That's it Harry, I have already taken the part of Voldemort's soul out of your head, and inserted it into your clone's head," she said. "I will say it again, that you don't need to worry about being identified," James said. "No one in Number Twelve, Grimmauld Place or Hogwarts, or the Ministry would realise that you and Hermione have been faked." Harry smiled, if no one in Grimmauld Place or Hogwarts would be able to realise that he and Hermione had been faked, the Dursleys would certainly not be able to realise this either, only that they would be too happy to get rid of him. He was confident that his parents had made the fake version of him to