Hello again! I'm starting to worry I might be obsessed with this PJO fanfiction business. I'm wondering if there's some sort of 12 Step Program I can go through... Anyway, below is my latest venture. However, it owes a great deal to JJdracula who PMed me with the idea and asked me if I was interested in writing it. It was a fantastic idea that I just couldn't get out of my head after she asked and so here it is. The vast majority of the plot is JJdracula's and there are some chunks of prose and dialogue which are either hers outright or are adapted from things that she had already got written or had penned since we've been talking about it and sent me. So thank you, for handing this idea over to me and letting me run with it. I think I might enjoy this. Marzipan. Instead of Going Under Dreams still bothered Percy. Well, that was if 'bothered' was the right word. Maybe he should choose something else, like haunted, because that's what they did. Hung around him, as well as every other demigod he guessed, and usually scared the crap out of him. Whether he wanted to admit it or not. This dream was no different. It was dark, with shadowy tendrils leaping and darting around, bouncing off the walls of the room he was in and hindering his vision. Every now and then he heard a haunted voice (there was that word again; it was becoming a theme) whispering to him through the dark but it was too quiet to make out anything other than the tone. Sometimes he thought that it was asking him for help but it was all so dark it was like it was sucking away at every one of his senses, not just his sight. The shadows swirling around him seemed to be hissing malevolently and drowning out the voice's cries. It was practically impossible to make out any words. He stepped forwards, one had groping blindly in front of him, trying to get to the voice, but he was just stepping further and further into darkness and it was getting colder and colder with every step, the shadows growing darker, until finally— He woke. That was it. No dramatic ending to the dream, no scary conclusion, no horror movie-style reveal of something hiding in the tub behind the shower curtain. Neither did he go for that other overwrought cliché and jerk upright, sweating, with a gasp or a scream. He simply opened his eyes and immediately found his bedroom to be as cold and dark as the dream. His forehead creased into a frown as he pushed hair out of his eyes impatiently, focussing hard on the dark room. His eyes scanned the shadows and his hand was reaching subconsciously for Riptide before the thought was even fully formed. He slipped his hand under his pillow, where the pen was hidden, and as his hand closed around the cool plastic he felt himself begin to relax. Riptide was his security blanket after all. All demigods had them, whether it was Clarisse's electric spear or Annabeth's knives. They each had their own little thing that made them feel safe and Percy doubted that he was the only demigod in history to go to sleep with their weapon of choice curled in their fist. You didn't face what he had faced and came out the other side a trusting human being. Something was always going to try and kill you and what better time to do it at night when you were sleeping? Stab or get stabbed, gut or get gutted. They should turn that into the demigod motto; maybe get it put on t-shirts and badges. Probably not all that reassuring for new campers, though. He couldn't see anything through the darkness; the streetlight that normally shone through his curtains seemed to stop short before entering the room, swallowed up by shadows. He uncapped the pen and watched it grow into the blade he knew so well. The golden glow from the metal did penetrate the darkness slightly, combatting the shadows in a way he wasn't sure something as mundane and as mortal as a light bulb ever could, and his attention was immediately drawn to the corner furthest away from his bed. There was something there, something moving — a boiling mass of shadows was growing larger and he slowly and carefully inched himself out from under the tangle of bedclothes, backing towards the window. Now he was out from under the blankets the chill in the room was really pronounced; his skin prickled all over from head to toe as the cold puckered flesh into goosebumps. His breath caught in his throat and he froze, one foot poised to climb onto the windowsill in case he needed to take the fight outside to the fire escape. He could not afford to get thrown through any more walls — he had had no idea how expensive drywall was to repair. How Sally had managed to pay for the monster-related damage to their apartment when he had still been living there was beyond him. The cold had become more intense but it had also become more familiar to him; the chill reminded him of someone he hadn't seen or heard from in more than two years, someone he had almost started to believe was dead. Could it be…? He barely noticed his breath misting in front of him thanks to the figure that stumbled out of the shadowy mass growing in the corner. The figure immediately dropped to all fours, a curtain of dark hair obscuring the face, and Percy's heart practically stopped. He didn't need to see the face to know that it was him; the method of arrival and the chill in the room had done enough. The shadows in the room began to fade; Percy took the cue from the streetlight's illumination turning the tide and winning the battle with the darkness to flick on the lamp beside his bed. It was almost blinding after the suffocating darkness but Percy didn't care; it threw a pool of light towards the guy currently apparently set on hacking his lungs out onto his rug in the middle of the room and confirmed everything he had suspected. It was him. The one who had lost his way after his imprisonment during the Giant War. The one that had gone AWOL more than two years ago with no explanation. The one that had turned sixteen just last week (the date was circled in black Sharpie on Percy's calendar even though there'd been no reason to remember or celebrate). Nico. Percy's long-lost cousin. Percy capped Riptide and stumbled forwards, perhaps even less gracefully than Nico had on his entrance, having finally gained control of his limbs. "Nico?!" he asked, barely daring to believe what he was seeing. Stepping closer, though, he wished he hadn't. Shaggy, unkempt black hair, devoid of any of its previous lustre and cloyed with dirt and grease, parted enough to show Percy Nico's face. The light from the bedside lamp wasn't excessively bright but Nico's was not looking good. His cousin's face had become so pale it was almost translucent; he could see deep blue veins meandering their way through the flesh. The sallow skin was stretched tightly over the cheekbones and around his jaw. The sunken eyes were mired in the purple bruises under both of them. A rust-coloured scab bifurcated his upper lip but it was almost hidden by the torrent of blood meandering is way from both nostrils. Nico was wearing a hoodie which was torn at the neck; it flapped open, revealing a jagged scar across his throat and a spindly collarbone protruding from his chest with a deep hollow behind it. Nico looked more like one of the skeletons he liked to summon rather than a human being. "Percy," Nico croaked hoarsely, wiping the back of his hand across his mouth and cuffing ineffectually at the nosebleed, looking up at his cousin. "Hey." It took a little while for Percy to form words; his lower jaw was hanging open so far it felt like there were weights hanging off it and they weren't going to release soon enough to leave his mouth free for talking. "'Hey'?!" Percy demanded eventually, incredulousness pitching it a lot higher than he'd planned. " Two years and everyone thinking you were dead and all I get is 'hey'?!" Nico shrugged tiredly, shuffling on all fours over to Percy's desk and using it to pull himself to his feet. He wobbled dangerously but managed to stay vertical long enough to meet Percy's green stare (which had flared with irritation and annoyance to replace the relief) with his own impassive dark one. "The story runs a little long, sorry. But I'm here now." At that moment his knees failed him; they buckled from underneath him and he plunged to the carpet. Percy moved forward to catch him and managed to support him to the ground where he indulged in another hacking coughing fit. Percy had easily put his whole hand around Nico's bicep when he had caught him with room to spare and the hand that was on his back could feel ribs through the thick material of the hoodie. Nico both looked and felt half-dead. What had happened to him that had resulted in this? The longer Percy rubbed Nico's back, trying to ease the coughing, the more he came to realise that Nico was burning up. There was heat rolling off his body in waves which was pretty much new territory where Nico was concerned. As Nico coughed, Percy noted that the sleeve had ridden up on the arm that he had grabbed; the exposed forearm was just as pale as the face and even dirtier but it was also littered with burns and scars like detritus left behind on a battlefield. He frowned; every demigod had their scars and the stories to go with them but this was one hell of a lot for one guy. Some scars, still pink and healing, were overlaid on older, whiter ones and burns new and old glistened back at Percy in the dim light. Percy got to his feet and slipped into the bathroom, coming back with a glass of water. He held it out to Nico who took it and gulped greedily, draining the glass before managing to sit back on his heels. Despite the coughing, Nico had taken the time Percy had been in the bathroom to yank the sleeve back down; there were self-cut holes in the sleeves for a thumb, Percy noted, to keep the sleeves permanently stretched down as far as they would go. It must have come loose when Percy grabbed him. "If it helps, I don't know how I got here," Nico said eventually, shoving hair off his face and taking another lingering look at his cousin. "I'm sorry. I just… one minute I was… I don't know." It had taken a while for Percy to notice because the room was dim and the brown of Nico's eyes was so close to the dark of the pupil — in fact, the irises were a whole lot darker than when Percy had last seen Nico, another change not for the better — but he saw it now. Nico's pupils were blown wide, looking like saucers as they stared back at Percy. "It's fine," Percy said automatically, tearing himself away from the massive pupils that betrayed the fact that his cousin was clearly as high as fucking kite, or should be if his body wasn't so sick. "Are you… high?" Never one for subtly he blurted it out practically before he could stop himself, although it wasn't just a lack of tact that forced the words out. He was angry too, he realised, more than anything else. What the Hades was Nico playing at,