January Annabeth had never been one for introspection, not really. The real mysteries to be solved — not to mention all manner of other interests — were out in the real world and not buried deeply in her psyche, so why would she ever spend time examining each little twinge of feeling inside her? She was smart enough to know it was unlikely to lead to a happy place and so she wasn't into the whole dark, brooding, emo thing (although she knew a certain son of Hades who still could be in certain circumstances). It was that simple. She had never understood where it would get her — well, not until now, she guessed. It had ended in her sitting on a park bench wrapped up in about a hundred layers, all of which were proving ineffective against January and all of its bastardry. Otherwise known as precisely nowhere. And yet she couldn't stop. The whole situation was going round and round in her head like a nightmarish carousel and, to clash metaphors spectacularly (metaphor cage-fighting, even), it was eating her up inside to boot. Her breath smoked in front of her as she looked down at her gloved hands. They were clasped in her lap pretty much entirely to quell the sudden need she felt to wring them, because she would not allow herself to stoop to useless handwringing, despite how dire the situation was. She would give herself a lot of leeway in most situations, but handwringing was a heavily-guarded line she would not cross. Her nose was so cold it hurt. Its intermittent dripping was a fun added bonus. Equally as attractive, she had taken to cuffing it with the shoulder of her coat, because you only ever had tissues with you when you didn't need them. There was absolutely no feeling left in her feet; the pain she had initially felt in her toes had fizzled away into tingling and numbness beyond long ago, although probably only because she was losing them to frostbite. Gods, how long had she been sitting here? Enough. She stamped her boot-clad feet and lurched upwards from the bench and started walking, no destination in mind, only the desire to get warm. When she shoved her hands in her pocket, her left hand closed reflexively around her phone. It had been buzzing and trilling and beeping the entire time she had been sitting here — the office, no doubt, wondering why their star project manager (and the youngest ever at just thirty) had gone out for lunch early and not come back — and she'd been ignoring it. Now, though, she pulled it out. Her gloved thumb fumbled across the track pad. Emails. Text messages. Voicemails. Stuff she didn't want to deal with right now. And yet, because technology was nothing but a cruel master, the speed at which she caved was alarming. The little red blipping LED on the top right was really starting to grate on her last nerve as it demanded her attention. The first text message was from Percy, asking her when she'd be home. Her heart plummeted towards somewhere near her frozen feet. She shoved the phone back in her pocket, wishing she could go back and pitch it into the Meer, but the surface was frozen so solid it would only sit there and gloat, blinking LED mocking her. Even as she cursed Malcolm for taking that engineering job with AT&T and secretly upgrading the entire network to remove the threat of imminent monster attacks from cell phone use, she regretted it. It wasn't Malcolm's fault. And it wasn't Percy's, either. She wasn't mad with Percy, not at all, not by any means. If anything, she was seething at herself. It was just that texts from Percy were something on quite a long list of things she couldn't deal with right now. The news she had heard today was going to be impossible to tell him. Even the thought of giving it to him was all but killing her. Annabeth knew Percy so well, knew every square millimetre of his face, and she could already see the expression he would pull when she told him. He wouldn't pull it consciously, of course, but she knew the instant sag of disappointment and concern that would probably be there, and it would no doubt haunt her for some time. Annabeth Chase had never failed at anything, not once in her life. It wasn't in her nature. And now… Failure had to catch up with her eventually, she guessed, but this was huge, tugging away at her insides huge. Her feet crunched on the salt and frozen snow as she walked. She was nearly shoved off the path when an insane jogger — wearing shorts, no less, and sporting a pair of blue knees — came flying at her in the opposite direction. It was insanity being out running in these temperatures. What was wrong with letting the layer of insulating winter blubber build up like everyone else did? It worked for seals, didn't it? She paused to dwell on the irony of the fitness fanatic probably getting fatal hypothermia before starting walking again. Right now, her life with Percy was so damn complete; she had everything she had ever wanted, he had everything they ever wanted, they both lived on this insanely happy cloud where everything was so damn perfect and, according to Nico, so saccharine it made him puke. They had been married for five years in April, and as far as she was concerned the honeymoon period had never ended. The Plan (capital P, always capital P) for their lives together was meant to be progressing by now, but suddenly there was a brick wall in the road. It felt like she'd hit it at supersonic speeds. Something brushed her eyelashes and she blinked. Whatever it was lodged there obscured her vision. She reached up to brush it off and pressed something cold into her eye. Looking up, she realised it had started to snow again. If she'd been paying more attention, she'd have noticed the sky had turned a threatening shade of pearl grey, looming overhead and ready to dump what would probably be another six inches on the city overnight. With a sigh she pulled her hood up and hunched her shoulders. She had barely walked ten paces before the world in front of her started to swirl white as the snow began to fold itself over the Park. It was so cold ; it had gone to the very core of her body, down to her bones, and she knew it would take hours to be able to feel properly warm again. San Francisco may be misty, but at least she didn't have to contend with four thousand feet of snow every winter. Although, despite the more temperate climate, not once had she been tempted to return to California since Percy slipped the engagement ring on her finger, since she'd said an emphatic yes . It was as if the brief, snatched memories of her childhood in San Francisco from before she had run away were a completely different life or, rather, someone else's life. The life of a person much, much less fortunate than her. It was thousands of miles literally, but billions of miles figuratively, from the life she had now. The world in front of her was white. An icy wind blew, finding out every single chink in her heavy, wool-based armour and making her shiver. On her hood, snow dislodged from the trees above her plopped down. Still she kept walking, being ambulatory apparently better for her brain than sitting morosely on a bench and indulging in a little bit of wallowing in the self-pity mud pool. Plus, you know, hypothermia and all. Even though the snow was blinding her, it felt like she had a purpose this time, somewhere to go, even if she didn't know quite where yet. She took out her phone again, shielding it from the driving snow with one hand and checking through the recent calls with the other. Work had phoned three times on various different numbers and then, right underneath that, was the tailspin-inducing phone call she'd received from the doctor's office just before lunch Her thumb hovered above the green call button (as if, somehow, it was sampling a case of calling them back and tell them no, they were wrong and she didn't accept their news and therefore it wasn't real or happening to her) but then she shoved the phone back into her pocket. What good would it do? What would ramming her two cents home to the doctor actually do to change anything, except perhaps make her feel one hell of a lot better? It wasn't the fault of the doctors she'd been to see. She couldn't blame them or get angry with them, no matter how easy it would be, because the only person to really be mad at here was herself. Gods, she felt so low right now. It wasn't a feeling she was accustomed to struggling with because it wasn't in her nature. She ploughed instinctively right on through any issues any issues with the potential to make her feel blue, and that was that. She didn't have time for them, just like she hadn't had time to miss her dad for a long time because she was trying not to get killed. Then, even though she had been safe, she had tried not to miss him by telling herself he was better off without her, that he had her stepmother and stepsiblings now. That was her way of dealing. But this… How did you burst through this and come out of the other side? There was no answer right there on the tip of her tongue, but she made up her mind to put one there, by force if she had to. Sure, she didn't know yet , but she'd figure it out, she decided. Or, even better, they'd figure it out, she and Percy, as a couple, because that's what they did. She didn't know to break it to Percy yet, but she'd find a way because he deserved to know at the end of the day. It was his right as much as it was hers to know what was going on. The snow didn't slow on the way back to their apartment. The sidewalks were total death traps, and she could barely see in front of her. Every time a bus or big truck fought past on the road beside her she flattened herself against the nearest building to avoid being sprayed by the slush and grossness building up near the curb. When she finally got to her building, she took the stairs. Screw the elevator, she thought, as she burst into the service stairwell and clomped up the first flight. She needed to get warm and quickly — she had been shivering all of the way home — and there was no quicker way (or, perhaps, a better distraction) than hauling her ass up and up and up and up what she had never realised before today were apparently endless flights of stairs to their apartment. She was breathing hard when she finally arrived at their door, which worked quite well because she needed so many of those exhalations on her hands to get them working again so they could manage the key to let her in. The door squeaked — still, after all this time — as she slipped through, her ears trained on the apartment beyond. There was no indication from Percy's text whether he was at home or not when he had sent it. It would be just her luck if he wasn't, especially after she had resolved to be totally, bluntly straight with him. He was home, however, and came peeking his head around the bedroom doorjamb when she closed the front door. He