Umm. So, yeah. Hi? Been a while, I know, but I'm beavering away behind the scenes on an epic (in size) fic that I want to get written before I post it, so that's taking time. This has been in my head for a while, although the ending surprised me yesterday. So it's almost as new to me as to you. Heh. It's a oneshot that got out of hand, as is my wont. So prep for a long and bumpy ride I love Will and Nico so much. I'm a terrible person for putting them through this, but then most of you knew that anyway. Prepare for strong language and some graphic medical scenes. Marzipan. Drips of blood plinked into the water cascading around the sink, which whisked them to pale shreds as they swirled down the drain. The colour of the water deepened as the drops grew in size and frequency on their way to becoming a full blown torrent. Will hissed in annoyance and turned off the tap, accidentally blowing a bubble of blood as he did so. He glanced up into the mirror; there was a stream of blood trickling out of each nostril, livid red against his otherwise pale face and gleaming under the bathroom's harsh fluorescent light. Already it had started to coat the back of his throat. The tang of copper burned beyond the base of his tongue. Tilting his head forward, he pinched the bridge of his nose with one hand and reached for the toilet paper with the other. He missed. The skull toothbrush holder — it had been a joke , dammit, but Nico not only insisted they use it but also it be referred to it as Yorick — flew off the side of the sink. It bounced off the mercifully-closed toilet lid, spraying toothbrushes, toothpaste and a neglected reel of floss in all directions, before crashing into the bath and exploding to fragments. The sound rang in the tub and bowled around the bathroom with all the associated subtlety of a herd of sprinting elephants stampeding through the sound barrier. He wasn't proud of himself and he'd never admit it, but he actually let out a small whimper as he took in the mess. Exhaustion weighed on his limbs like molasses. The very act of continuing to inhale and exhale felt like a giant black hole gobbling up any iota of energy he could summon. With his head thrumming with tiredness like he was a mile underwater, even the thought of picking up the shards of Yorick seemed a Sisyphean impossibility. Blood chose that moment to overspill his top lip and slip into his mouth. He was breathing through his mouth — he had nothing to spare to keep his jaw closed or make pretty much any other facial expression and his body was more than happy to exploit that to bypass his nose to breathe — so he inhaled blood. It choked him as it congealed. He hacked a red mist onto the back of his hand. He closed his eyes, which sent him wobbling dangerously and scrabbling for the edge of the sink for support. When you needed more than the sum of your fingers and toes to count the hours since you'd slept more than four hours uninterrupted, closing your eyes was an automatic signal to your body to sleep, sitting or lying down banished to a mere formality. He shook his head and opened his eyes, blinking at the sudden starburst assault his retinas. As he yanked off a wad of toilet paper and twisted it to form plugs for each nostril, the bathroom door burst open. Nico had his sword drawn. His eyes were wide but still clouded with sleep; his clothes were rumpled. There was a shiny trail from the corner of his mouth surrounded by a patch of red skin, where he hadn't quite managed to scrub the drool from his face in haste. He had taken to keeping his hair so it could form a stubby ponytail at the nape of his neck, but it had come loose about his face, matted and mussed on one side where he'd slept on it. There was a tie tangled in one clump of hair, swinging wildly. "Will?" Nico sheathed his sword, his forehead creasing into a frown. "What the hell was that crash? It sounded like the minotaur was remodelling in here." Will kept his back to Nico and quickly used the toilet paper to wipe the blood off his top lip. He snorted the remainder back up and down into his throat. His stomach roiled in protest but he swallowed anyway, suppressing a shudder as he hid the bloody toilet paper by balling it into his fist. "Will?" Will took a quick last glance in the mirror above the sink and then turned around. Somehow, he managed to quirk his mouth into the pale spectre of a smile. He nodded to answer Nico's question, not sure he had what it took to make his vocal chords work, but Nico kept frowning at him, seeking further explanation. Grimacing, he sat down hard on the closed toilet, reasoning that perhaps he could speak if he didn't have to put energy into standing as well. "I'm fine," he managed at last, finding words albeit ones thick and slightly slurred with exhaustion. He reached sideways into the bath and plucked out a shard of the toothbrush holder, offering it up to Nico. "But alas, poor Yorick." Nico scoffed and folded his arms. "Ugh. Seriously? How long have you been sitting on that one?" Only one shoulder responded to Will's desire to shrug. It hunched up to his chin and crashed back down almost immediately. "About two seconds. I came up with it just now. On the fly. What can I say? I'm a comedy genius." Nico made a buzzing noise, like Will had given a wrong answer on a gameshow. "I'm sorry, 'comedy genius' is not the answer I have on the card. What I have here is 'tragically newly single'. I feel like I'm well within my rights to dump your ass for even thinking that was funny." "Hey, no judging. I get so much extra credit for even remembering Hamlet right now. I'm barely awake enough to remember my name." At that, Nico's face lapse back into a frown. He ran a hand through his hair; it snagged in the tie. It snatched a cluster of hairs free from his scalp as he wrenched it out and stretched it over his wrist for later amidst a tangle of other ties and a couple of leather and bead bracelets. "Right. What time is it, anyway?" Will blew air out through his lips and shook his head, his aura of helplessness permeating the room. "I don't know. I only got home about ten minutes ago. But I nearly got squished by a garbage truck on the way in, so I guess about five?" Nico was yawning, but Will's words snapped his mouth closed. "In the morning ?" "I hope so. Otherwise I'm like five hours late for my next shift." "I'm awake at five in the morning ? This is disgusting. No one is supposed to see five a.m. from this side. It's fine to still be awake at five, but actually getting up at this time? No. Nope. Not happening. This has to be a nightmare. It's against the laws of nature." "Yeah, which is why I tried to deploy stealth mode. Sorry I blew it." Nico softened, shrugged and pulled his body into a wide stretch. "Eh. I figure I can forgive you. Eventually. Maybe. I mean, you will owe me for waking me up at this vile time, but we'll get to that later. But I thought you were supposed to be getting off at midnight? I was waiting for you. I must have fallen asleep." "Yeah, you were flat out on the couch when I got in. I didn't want to wake you. Sorry. I was going to brush my teeth and pass out. You weren't even supposed to know I'd got in, but, well…" He grimaced at the shard of Yorick in his hand and tossed it back in the bath with the rest of the mess. "What happened?" "Yorick had a great fall and all the king's horses…" Will had to break off and yawn so hard his ears roared, so he ended the thought with a vague forward rolling motion with his hand. "Well, you know the deal." " Hamlet and Humpty Dumpty. I wonder why no one's written that crossover yet?" "Uh, you have been on the Internet, right? Of course there's someone, somewhere who's written that." As he considered this, Nico's lip curled. "Gods, people are weird. I don't get people." "Have you ever considered that's because you're not an actual person? I always wondered if you were secretly an android. It would explain the alarming lack of social skills." Nico narrowed his eyes. "Hey, I have people skills. I have people skills coming out of my ass. I just don't use them. It's too much freaking effort. People need to get a lot better at handling the truth. Simple." "Nico, there's this thing called tact…" Will trailed off and closed his eyes. "You know what? I'm too tired for this and if it hasn't sunk in by now, it's really not going to, is it?" "Nope. And yet, you're still with me anyway." "Yeah, but by this point I'm starting to suspect Stockholm syndrome. If you really loved me, you'd get me psychiatric help." Nico snorted. "So you could sit in group therapy in a big circle and be forced to listen to everyone else's dumb ass problems? That's what I'd do if I loved you? Because to me, that sounds more like torture." "See? Robot. Error 404: Compassion not found." "If that means I never have to pretend to care about the problems of people I don't even know then yeah. But anyway, quit avoiding the issue. Screw Yorick. Screw my missing empathy chip or whatever. That's not what I meant and you know it. What happened to getting off at midnight?" Nico thought he saw pain flash across Will's face, but it was barrelled aside by irritation so fast he couldn't be sure it had ever been there. "Come on, Nico. You know what happened. Same thing that always happens. I'm a first-year resident in the ER. People don't stop getting sick or falling down or having car wrecks because office hours are over." Nico sighed and rubbed a hand down his face, trying to sluice the sleep from his eyes like he would water. "I know," he said, leaning against the doorjamb. "I get it. You do what you have to do. But there are other residents and doctors. You know you're not the only one in the city, right? They replace you when the shift changes. You don't have to be there all the time." "Well, maybe I want to be. Did you think about that? Maybe I really like my job and want to be good at it. Maybe I want to help people. Is that so terrible? I didn't ask you to wait up for me, you know." A spark of annoyance leapt in Will, enough to let him break the yoke of exhaustion and launch him to his feet and across the room towards Nico, who blocked most of the doorway. Will stopped abruptly in front of him, throwing his arms wide. "So? Am I allowed to go to bed? Or do you want to fight about that as well?" Nico tilted his head back and closed his eyes, taking a deep breath and chewing on the inside of his cheek. There was no point rising to Will's tone; although it pissed him off, it wouldn't be fair. He could tell from the glazing over Will's eyes and