Percy Jackson and the Fairytales: Down the Rabbit Hole) Percy's head hurt. The aching pain throbbing in the back of his skull kept his movements minimal and eyes narrowed as he slowly took stock of his situation. He was lying in what appeared to be a pile of trash bags. Uncomfortable pieces of metal and plastic poked and prodded at his back. He tried to shift into a more uncomfortable position but his hand fell upon something squishy and moist. Admitting defeat to the pile of garbage Percy opted instead to slowly take in his surrounding area from his mound of rubbish. He lay in an alley, it was late at night, and further down the alley was a neon sign. The neon sign glowed above a closed door with the simple words "open" written in fluorescent green and reds. Percy searched his brain to try and think of why he ended up with a massive headache and the revolting companionship of garbage. He screwed his eyes shut, but nothing came to mind. In fact, the further and further he tried to go back nothing popped up. There were no memories in his head. Percy's eyes shot open in a sudden urgency. Did he have amnesia? Did he sustain some sort of head injury? Why could he remember his own name and nothing else? No answers found him in the garbage pile, and Percy doubted the likely hood that the situation would change if he remained. Percy did the only thing left to do and stood up. Immediately he regretted his decision, his whole body screamed at him, his joints flared up and his muscles ached like he'd run a marathon carrying a heavy backpack. Fighting through the pain Percy staggered towards the opposite wall and supported himself against the cold bricks. He turned and leaned his back on the wall so that he could take stock of himself. He was wearing faded jeans with numerous rips and holes in them. The holes didn't appear to be the store bought kind, and some of them looked suspiciously like burn holes. His shirt was plain, white, and relatively dirty. Percy judged from the look (and smell) of his own clothing that he hadn't been laying in that garbage heap for long. Percy felt the pockets of his jeans, nothing, great. Not only was he amnesiac in the middle of an alley, but he had no identification or money of any kind. Was he homeless? Maybe. Percy decided that it was just as likely as any other scenario. Going forward Percy surmised that he had two options, exit the alleyway and figure out where on earth he was, or forge deeper and investigate the door with the "open" sign. Percy decided that he would exit the alley, he had only taken two steps towards the opening and into the city when he heard voices and conversation nearby. Without knowing why Percy pressed himself up against the brick wall and a feeling of dread reached his stomach. He managed to catch pieces of their conversation. "He's around here somewhere, I can smell 'im" "Garbage, that's all you ever smell" "Garbage, and blood" Their voices were deep and guttural, with a strange quality that Percy could only describe as monstrous. Backing away from the voices, Percy didn't even notice the figure that snuck up behind him until he felt a hand on his shoulder. He would've screamed like a little girl if a hand didn't immediately cover his mouth and block any noise. A figure appeared in his vision and a whisper quietly reached his ears. "Come with me if you want to live, and don't make a sound" The voice was masculine and youthful, and bright blue eyes shown from a face otherwise obscured by black head wrappings. Deciding that he had no other choice, Percy nodded fearfully and followed the stranger. The stranger led him down the alley, toward the neon sign. Percy followed, fearful adrenaline had overridden his pained body. The stranger halted underneath the sign and turned to face Percy, the stranger pulled away some of his head wrappings, revealing a handsome, elegant face. "I know you must have only questions right now, but you're going to have to be patient for this next part, it might get incredibly weird" "Weird?" Was all Percy was allowed to ask before the stranger pulled the door open and pushed Percy inside. Tobias took a cautious look at the alleyway entrance, and just as two dark figures seemed to enter the alleyway he shut the door behind him. Turning, Tobias let out a small sigh of annoyance as he saw Percy with his mouth slack-jawed and eyes wide as he stood in the entrance way of the pub interior. Percy could only gaze in mute shock as he looked around the pub. While the interior of the building seemed normal, the patrons were not. Animals of various shapes and sizes dressed in old fashioned clothing. Percy saw a badger in a fine coat with a cane busy arguing with an eccentric looking toad. Knights in armor roared in laughter around a table in the corner. The bartender, who looked like some sort of demon with bat wings and fiery eyes. Percy wished he could stop and gawk more but Tobias had other plans. "Come on, like I said I'll answer your questions later" Tobias pushed Percy through the crowded pub, past several tables full of the usual patrons and a crowded bar. "Is that a leprechaun" Percy stammered as he was ushered through a door into the private room. "Like I said, it'll be weird" The private room was empty of others, with simple furnishings and a simple, round table in the center. Around the table we're ornate wooden chairs, Tobias prompted Percy to take a seat, with Tobias sitting on the complete opposite. Now that Percy and Tobias were facing eachother, Tobias lifted an inviting hand. "Now, you can ask questions" "Who are you?" "Tobias Grimm, you can call me Toby" "Where are we?" "New York, Staten Island" "No, I mean, what is this place?" "The Rabbit Hole Pub" Percy struggled to comprehend the events of the last few moments, finding that it was impossible for him to put into words any of his actual questions. Toby saw this and began to explain. "Alright Percy, I know this must be all new and completely weird to you, but how much do you know about fairytales?" "Like, Cinderella?" "Yes like that" "I don't know, I saw the Disney movies I guess" "Well what if I were to tell you that it was all true?" "The Disney movies?" "No the Fairytales!" Percy began to process this newfound information. Suddenly so many things he saw in the room he walked into made sense. "Okay then." Percy breathed a sigh of relief and relaxed ever so slightly. "That's it?" Now it was Toby's turn to be confused. "Normally people tend to be in more disbelief about the whole thing" Percy shrugged. "I guess I'm a more open minded guy" was all he could offer in his defense. A thoughtful look crossed Toby's face. "How much do you know about yourself then?" "Just my name". Percy concentrated once more on anything personal that he could remember. "Yah, just my name". He concluded in defeat. "Percy." Toby stated. Said Percy jumped in his chair and gripped the armrests tightly. "How do you know that?" Percy asked, his eyes narrowed and the hairs on the back of his neck tingled with caution. "The two scumrags outside the alleyway were talking about you. I was tracking them and I figured I'd have to get to you before they did". Toby explained in a simple fashion. "And who were those guys exactly?" Percy asked "I don't know their names or anything, but they're werewolves. You know, hunt for blood, smell stuff, full moon, all of that." Toby explained as Percy's eyes widened. "What would werewolves want with me?" The question sounded so surreal, Percy realized. Yet strangely, it didn't feel disturbing or unusual to him. The lack of disturbance however disturbed Percy, why was he taking all of this in stride? He felt something in his jeans pocket, he reached into it and felt a ballpoint pen. "Well that's exactly what I'm going to try and figure out." Toby grinned excitedly. "We're going to the Lodge!" Percy took a glance at the simple ballpoint pen in his hand, he decided to investigate that mystery later. He stood to follow Toby, who was standing in front of a large floor length mirror on the far wall. "Wait, is that like a magic mirror?" Percy asked, and if he wasn't so confused and worried he might've been excited. "You're catching on quickly Percy". Toby grinned at him. Without another word, he grabbed Percy's arm and stepped through the mirror. What happened next was the strangest experience of Percy's life. Well, that he knew of. He was falling, and all that he could see were the strangest of images, wild colors and vivid hallucinations made Percy question if he wasn't on some type of mind-bending drug. He saw wild colors and heard incredible sounds in his fall, he didn't know how long he was falling, it could've been a minute or an hour. Time seemed to forget it's stately waltz and instead jumped into an erratic breakdance. Percy hit the floor. Dazed and incredibly confused (not that it was a new feeling for him) he looked around again. The floor was cold and stone, grey in color, and the room felt a great deal craftier. Percy pushed himself into a stand to study his new surroundings. Unlike the pub, the room Percy now found himself in was dark, lit by a series of torches which hung from the wall around the room. To Percy it seemed like he was in the inside of a castle, which shouldn't have been possible. A wooden door stood at the far end of the room, which itself was moderately sized. Percy did a quick check for Toby. Toby was engaged in conversation to a giant. The man stood well over what appeared to be six feet tall, he wore a simple button up flannel shirt and clean jeans. On his feet he wore work boots, and in his hand was a large hammer. Like a sledgehammer if the head of the hammer was almost he size of a basketball. Percy also took the time to get a proper look at his new friend Toby. Toby looked almost like a ninja, he wore a black tunic with dark grey pants and black boots. Around his waist was a simple string belt with a small brown pouch tied onto one end. Toby himself looked to be a youth no older than Percy, with a clean cut of blonde hair that was just a little messy at the top. The giant of a man holding the hammer had dark skin the color of coffee beans and a stern face. "And this is Percy, found him outside the Rabbit Hole". Toby gestured to Percy. Percy gave another start at being suddenly included in whatever conversation was being had. The giant turned his gaze towards Percy and looked him up and down. Percy felt himself shaking a little as the man's critical gaze swept over him. The giant suddenly broke into a comforting smile and extended a hand. "Mirror travel can be pretty crazy on your first time can't it?" The man's voice was deep, yet soothing at the same time. Percy felt himself relax as he took the man's hand, and he felt a smile himself. "Well anyway Percy, this is John Henry." The name felt familiar to Percy, like he had heard of it a long time ago, but he couldn't quite grasp it. "Doubt he's heard of lil ol' me" John let out a jolly chuckle. As the chuckling subsided