Questionable & Unavoidable Summary: Aragorn is in love with Arwen, but becoming a mortal has weakened her. With her on the brink of death, Elrond sends for the former Fellowship members' help. Legolas/Aragorn. **Disclaimer: I don't own Lord of the Rings or any of it's wonderful characters and such; credit goes to Tolkien. I do, however, own my words so hands off! Thanks :) Note: This is slash so if you don't like it, then don't read it. Rated M for things to come. Overall AU. Please enjoy and review!! Also, throughout the story I will use Elven language often, and I hate when authors put their keys at the bottom so you have to keep scrolling down, so English is in parenthesis by the Elven words. Sorry if that is confusing my friends! Elrond stoked the back of his hand across his daughter's broken face and he saw Aragorn reflected in her eyes. "You miss him a'maelamin (my beloved), do you not?" Arwen lifted her pale eyes and managed a genuine smile. "Yes, I miss him greatly." Her beautiful elven voice was strained and Elrond knew there wasn't very much time left. He had thought that when Sauron was defeated and the ring destroyed that his daughter would be well and the evil weights would be lifted off of her, but she was still weak and frail. Arwen was tormented by the memory of th evil, and now all she had left was her love for her people and Aragorn. Elrond had to find the ranger and bring him to her. He sent a letter to each former member of the Fellowship of the Ring and pleaded that they return to Rivendell to help Arwen and decide the future of Middle Earth's different races. Legolas and Thranduil of the Woodland Realm were the first to arrive looking concerned but mystical as always. Almost instantly after came Aragorn in his less then kingly attire and he had eyes for none other then Arwen. On his hands and knees he leaned over her cold body and kissed her forehead while muttering some form of comfort in Elvish. Everyone knew not to disturb the couple and Arwen looked more lively and motivated then before with her lover by her side. Soon the Fellowship and a couple of reliable friends were gathered around Elrond, glad to be back in the company of old friends and anxious for the meeting to start. Gandalf was the first to speak and he humbly hobbled to the center of the crowd and addressed them all. "Welcome friends and friends of friends. I will let Elrond speak for he has called us here, but I caution against distraction for this is an urgent matter. King Aragorn, won't you join us? Arwen will not be far away and she needs her rest." He quickly stepped down and hustled Aragorn over to the group where he was given room between his hobbit friends Sam and Rosie and his old companion, Legolas. The elf took Aragorn's tense hand in one of his own and smiled consolingly as Elrond began to speak. "Vedui' il'er! (Greetings everyone) Now that all of us are here I see that it is time to begin. As most of you know, my daughter Arwen has fallen ill and it is possible that she will be passing soon. I love her greatly but it is time for me to face the truth and make decisions about the future without her." Aragorn growled through his teeth and Legolas found himself once again taking hold of the man's hand and stroking it tenderly. Elrond took notice but continued calmly in his speech. "There is little doubt that if Arwen had recovered after the war, she would have been engaged to Aragorn and become Queen of Gondor. With the likeliness that she will not survive, the future of Gondor and the elves is unsure. We also must organize where each race is going to settle. Surely not all of our brave hobbits are going to stay in The Shire the rest of their lives, and Thranduil, your people in Mirkwood must decide what to do with our hero Legolas because he will be wed soon, no? That is why we are here today." Everyone was paralyzed in their places and at the mentioning of his future, Legolas had dropped Aragorn's hand and was now staring blankly into nothing with expressionless and elvish blue eyes. Aragorn was the only one moving as he kept his gaze darting from Elrond in anger and Arwen in grief. Finally, Gandalf broke the silence and spoke once more. "Thank you Elrond my friend, it is true that there are decisions to be made now that Sauron and his evil forces have gone. I am considering taking Frodo from The Shire to come and travel with me as he is a hobbit of adventure and I would need some company on my journeys." The hobbits exchanged pained glances at the thought of having to bid Frodo farewell, but it was obvious Sam and Rosie were doing fine as a married couple now and Merry and Pippin had plans for the future as well. No one objected to the idea after everyone had let it sink in, so Frodo stood and announced that he would be glad to accompany Gandalf but that he would need some time to prepare. "Of course, of course!" The old wizard exclaimed,"You may go back to The Shire to say your goodbyes and get your things when we leave Rivendell." Sam and Rosie also shared that they were getting ready for their first child and there was much congratulation before things died down again. Everyone felt like they were expected to speak after that, so they pretty much went in a circle. Merry and Pippin declared that they had each other as friends and they would be fine in The Shire until they would eventually find a nice lass for each of them and have families of their own. Gimli proudly squared his chest when he spoke and it was clear Legolas was attempting to hide an amused chuckle. Everyone knew that Gimli liked to think that, because he was a great warrior, he was taller then he really was. He said that the dwarfs would continue living like they had before by continuing their mining and living in the lands that Saruman had taken from them by greed and force. To represent the Woodland Realm, Thranduil, although he was not part of the Fellowship but a friend and a king, spoke for himself, his people, and Legolas. "I have been thinking Elrond, that you are right and the time as come for Legolas to settle back down as the prince of his land and to be joined with a mate. He is rebellious and attached to his friends however, and no one seems to suit him. I fear that if he does not focus more on life matters instead of archery and such foolishness, I will have to choose a betrothed for him." Legolas' father looked bemused, but the young elf was silent and fuming. "Father," he began slowly and controlled,"I will not have you decide my future. I wish to marry only one person, and it cannot be. I do not feel like a prince. I feel like your slave and puppet! Archery cannot be foolishness because this is how my people and their warriors are trained. I am still young and I have just witnessed the defeat of Sauron himself. I wish to adapt now and wait to be wed." Everyone braced themselves for eruption from Thranduil and no one looked forward to seeing the elf family bicker. Pippin even left the meeting while Legolas spoke against the king and collected food before returning, hoping that by the time he was back, they might have come to a decision. "Mani ume lle quena? (What did you say?)" Thranduil began in a voice that was not loud but certainly heated, beautiful, and intimidating. "Legolas, stop this childish behavior. Name this person whom you love and surely we can settle something. Many admire you Legolas, who could you not be able to have?" Dead silence throbbed among the frozen people like statues as they watched in anticipation and waited for Legolas' answer. "Mankoi lle irma sint? (Why do you want to know?) It is no matter of yours who I have feelings for. I will announce their name when I feel fit." And with that final sentence hanging above everyone's heads, Legolas gracefully ran from the meeting and into the courtyard where no one dared to follow him. Thranduil tried to change the subject, having just been shamed by his own son. "How disrespectful, he will return if we give him time to cool down and sort out his thoughts. Legolas is smart, if it is his will to keep this from us, than I would let him." From then on, things seemed to pick up again and everything was soon planned out until Aragorn was asked to speak. He didn't look at those he spoke to, but at Arwen who was lying not far away, listening in on the conversation with her elf ears. "Elrond, I think you give up on her too quickly. She is not dead yet, so why pretend she is?! I refuse to make any plans until I know Arwen is back to herself again." No one countered the insistent man, but Elrond did reach over to lay a hand on his shoulder cautiously before telling everyone that the meeting was over. Instantly, people began to separate back into their groups and waited for the first person to depart. Some were eager to leave and others reluctant to go in their longing to stay in the peaceful land of Rivendell with their friends. Gimli bid everyone farewell and actually ran to Legolas despite the elf's mood, and punched him in the arm. "See ya, you trouble making elf." The corner of Legolas' mouth turned upward in a happy little smile that didn't reach his eyes. Soon the sunlight was faltering and the sky was dyed the colors of a fire. Night was approaching and Gandalf eventually loaded up the five hobbits on his cart and they all began to hum a traveling tune; Rosie was resting her head on Sam's chest and Merry and Pippin were drunk with strong elven wine. Aragorn remained talking rapidly with Elrond in elf tongue as Arwen lay pitiful and curious at their side. Their conversation was interrupted by Thranduil who announced that he and Legolas would stay the night and leave at dawn. Elrond gave Aragorn a look of sternness, fatherly love, and doubt before standing to join his friend. "Khila amin (follow me), I will lead you to some rooms my brother." The elves went away from Aragorn and dear Arwen who was now falling into a light and troubled sleep. Aragorn touched her delicate lips with his and whispered that she should rest and be safe. "I will be back soon melamin (my love). Vanimle sila tiri..." (You beauty shines bright.) He then lifted his head and brushed dark strands of hair away from his burning eyes. Where had Legolas gone to? Aragorn knew that the elf was recovering from fighting so often along side himself and Gimli for the past month and he would be bored and isolated in his homeland with nothing to do but listen to the talk of his royal family and girl that fell in step after him. He needed a man to talk to, a man he trusted and had battled next to. He turned to look at Arwen and her beautiful pale figure once more until he decided to leave a note with her in case she awoke. With rushed handwriting, Aragorn quickly scribbled down that he loved her with all his heart and he was going to talk to Legolas and