Authors note: Hey guys! This is my very first fanfiction ever, and I hope that you enjoy it! Updates might be a bit sporadic, considering that I am a college student trying to get her nursing degree, and plagued with professors who decide its a great idea to have four film reviews a week, along with essays, lab reports, and 100 questions every other night. Not that I'm bitter. Ha. Anyway, enjoy my lovelies! Prologue Everything was pain. That was the only thought in the woman's mind as she lay on the sweat soaked and twisted white sheets, writhing in agony. The pain ebbed a little and the woman glared with tired eyes to the man who sat by the small bed, gripping her hand as tightly as she was gripping his. "I bloody hate you" she seethed, panting from exhaustion. He only smiled at her in return and wiped the evidence of her labor away from her flushed brow, placing a soft kiss on it. It wasn't the first time he had heard the venomous words in the last three hours, and he doubted it would be the last. His wife hissed as the next wave of pain hit her, and she emitted a low groan as she rode it out. She turned to him, seeking his face, his stupid, beautiful, damned face, and her eyes found his. There was none of the panic that had been there three hours earlier, when her water had broken while cooking supper. She had been laughing, she remembered, as she stirred the soup, swatting his hands away as he pinched her bum. The mood had been playful, light and airy, his laugh mixing with hers as he took her in his arms and kissed her. She looked up into his face, glad for a moment of peace after a hectic day filled with running around trying to get last minute plans for her upcoming birthday party finished, topped with what she thought were Braxton Hicks contractions. Of course, that small minute of peace was shattered when she felt the telltale gush of liquid between her thighs, accompanied with a particularly sharp pain low in her abdomen. Everything after that was a bit of a blur, the contractions started coming hard and fast, and her sainted Husband panicked and rushed off to find a local midwife. When he returned fifteen minutes later, muggle midwife in tow, he found her hunched over in the same spot he left her, trying her best to breathe through the pain. He was still panicked, bless him, this much was clear as he helped her into the bed gently. It was with that same gentleness now that he caressed her face, holding her gazes, staring at her in wondering amazement. She smiled back at him, reaching the hand that was not clasping his own to run it down the side of his stubble roughened cheek. The midwife cleared her throat. "It's time to push" the pudgy older woman said in a no-nonsense tone. The woman braced herself and looked at her husband, panic clear in her expression. He rubbed a soothing hand on her arm. "You can do this." he assured her, and she nodded, filled with love for her supportive and wonderful husband. Her attention was drawn back to her present situation though as the next contraction hit her, causing her to scream. oOo Hours later, the woman lay on the bed exhausted, her tired husband next to her as they stared down at the sleeping face of their daughter. She was red faced and wrinkled, with a swatch of dark hair that was fuzzy and out of control, but to them, she was the most beautiful thing that could possibly exist in the entire world. The woman smiled softly at the small bundle and craned her neck to kiss her husband. He cupped her face and she sighed, gripping their child closer to her breast. Their daughter had fallen into a sound slumber after nursing for ten minutes, which wasn't surprising, given the fact that she had nearly screamed herself hoarse in her anger at being forced out of her warm womb and into the cold and frightening world, where everything was a little too loud and bright for her taste, thank you very much. The man moved his hand from his wife's face to his daughter's and almost reverently ran a single finger down her soft cheek. "She's so small" he whispered, looking at her perfectly formed lips and tiny pert nose. "She's perfect" His wife's eyes were sparkling with laughter and she teasingly asked him "Do you want to count her fingers and toes again? You know, just to make sure she still has eleven of each" He snorted and the baby jerked at the sound. The woman hummed a tuneless melody, rocking her slightly to lull her back into sleep. She turned to her husband "Did you make sure to obliviate the midwife?" he nodded and the woman turned back to her baby, running a hand across the soft downy head. The baby stirred slightly and nestled closer into her mother's warm embrace. The woman frowned, a small crease appearing between her brows. "What's wrong love?" he asked. She hesitated, scared to voice her thoughts and ruin the peaceful atmosphere that currently permeated the room. She sighed "I-I'm just worried, about-about the prophecy. What are we going to do?" she turned her fearful gaze to him. His grip around her tightened and a low growl slipped from his throat. "We'll hide her, somewhere they will never find her." "We can't hide her forever! What happens when they do find her?" he growled again "IF, they find her" "No, WHEN!" she started to cry large heaving sobs. Her husband immediately changed his demeanor and gently took the baby from her arms, placing her in the bassinet besides the bed. The woman covered her face with her now free hands, tears streaming down her flushed cheeks. Part of her knew she was behaving irrationally, due to the hormones currently rushing through her system, but another part of her told that part to shove it, she had every right to be irrational dammit! She felt the bed dip as her husband knelt next to her. His hands came up to hers and he pulled them away from her tear stained face. She looked up at him through overflowing eyes "What are we going to do?" she sobbed "They'll find her, and they will kill her." he brought his rough hands back up to cradle her cheeks, pressed his forehead to hers. "They won't find her, I promise" she sniffed and closed her eyes, nestling against his chest. He smoothed a hand over her sweat soaked and frizzy hair "We'll disappear for a while, until it's safe to come back." "But what about-" he cut her off with a gentle kiss to her brow. "I'll let them know tomorrow not to expect us for a while." he smiled down at her. "They're all going to want to meet her you know." she sighed and glanced over to where their daughter was still sleeping peacefully in the transfigured bassinet. How could a baby only hours old have so much responsibility heaped upon her already? It wasn't fair she decided, and leaned over to take a hold of one tiny hand. She stroked it with her thumb. "She's going to have to fight her entire life" the woman frowned, glancing back to her husband. He shared her troubled expression as he stared at the infant. "At least we know she'll be able to handle it," he gave a low laugh "damn near screamed my bloody ears off earlier" she smiled and whacked him in the chest. "Language!" He chuckled "I highly doubt she can understand us anyway." His wife laughed softly, and leaned over to kiss him again, their previous argument all but forgotten, when he suddenly sat up straight and leapt from the bed. Immediately she was on high alert, she climbed from the bed and grabbed her wand. "What's wrong?" she asked gripping the wood in her hand and moving towards him on shaky legs. Her husband sniffed, once, twice and then whipped around to face her, eyes hard and set. He only said two simple words "They're here." and she was rushing over to the bassinet and scooping up her daughter. Casting a quick silencing charm on the sleeping child, she wobbled over as fast as she could back to her husband, when a large explosion in the other room made her freeze in panic. It was as if time was moving in slow motion now, as her husband marched over to her, grabbed her in a searing kiss, and leaned down to gently brush his lips against his daughter's forehead. "Go." he said in a firm voice "I'll fight them off while you escape. Take her and go." He held her gaze for a moment more, and then turned and ran out of the room. The momentary ebb to the panic the woman felt disappeared now that she was out of his arms, and rose high in her throat. She used that panic to focus as best as she could. The floo powder was across the room next to the wardrobe, shifted over there during the hectic delivery. She hurried as fast as she could over to the other side of the room. She would floo to the other safe house, and then- Her thoughts were cut short by the sound of a loud scream. His scream. She froze, and barely had time to turn to shield her daughter as the door exploded, launching wooden shrapnel everywhere. She was out of time. She glanced around desperately for a place to hide, and her gaze fell to the wardrobe next to her. It would have to do. She climbed in and shut the heavy mahogany doors behind her, pushing herself as far back as she could into the coats and dresses. She cast a notice-me-not charm over her hiding place and waited. A dark figure appeared in the smoky doorway, or what had been the doorway, but now was just a large hole in the wall. She got ready to exit and rush into her husband's arms when two more figures stepped up behind him. It was them. She stifled a gasp and burrowed deeper into the hanging clothes, clasping her daughter closer to her. If they had gotten through the defenses, than that meant that her husband was… no. She would know if he was dead, she was sure of it. It didn't mean he wasn't lying mortally wounded in the living room though. She gripped her wand tighter as the men stepped into the room, and looked around. "Search everywhere" the tallest one drawled, glancing in disdain at the humble room. He walked over to the fireplace, and his soft footsteps sounded like thunder to the woman. He bent over and rested a hand on the cool stone and smirked, as if he had found the answer to an unasked question. Still facing away from them, the Cold man turned his head slightly. "She has to be here somewhere, she couldn't of gone far, considering how cold the floo is" His voice was soft and silky, the sound a snake would make if it had a voice. The woman shivered, chills going up her spine. his companions sneered and quickly began turning the room upside down, looking under and behind bed, poking in the corners, and overturning furniture. Every time they strayed close to her hiding place, the woman held her breath and prepared to defend herself and her daughter. She ran through the hexes and curses she knew, mentally preparing herself to act quickly, but her charm held strong and they passed by her with every circle of the room. "She's not here" one of the henchmen sighed, disappointment clear in his tone