A/N: Hey! I read a story were bella was abused and I noticed that it was very emotional and my middle name is emotional! So I tried something out! Here you go! Get the tissue out! Your gonna need it. Enjoy! And REVIEW PLEASE! "Oh. Oh please, stop." I begged one final time as the pain seared through me like boiling lava. It was not just between my legs anymore it was everywhere . "You... deserve... it." His grimy voice grunted in between thrust. "Please...it hurts so ba-" I cried with tears falling over my dirty face leaving streaks in the dirt that covered nearly every inch of my body. "Shut up you slut!" His hand moved so fast I thought for a minuet he was a vampire. His greasy hands striked my face so hard I was out cold as soon as his fist made contact. I welcomed the darkness. In fact I craved for it, more than I craved for the air that my weak lungs needed to survive. I welcomed it with open arms and a pleading voice. I craved it almost as much as I craved and begged for death, because there was nothing I wanted more in this moment than to die. Nothing I wanted more than the pain and memory to be gone forever. I wanted to no longer be, I didn't deserve to live. I didn't deserve to breath in the air that others could be breathing. I didn't deserve the tiny portion of earth my dirty limbs took up. I didn't deserve the torn and dirty clothes that lay limply on my body... I'm not even sure I deserved to die... /.../.../.../... I woke to the light pitter pad of the cold water drops falling from the sky against my weak, dirty, bruised and beaten body. I looked up into the sky as the water dropped and dropped, though I didn't move. I knew in the back of my mind that I was freezing and I knew that the pain lingering all over my body particularly in between my legs was brutal yet I didn't move an inch. The tears flew from my eyes and mixed with the rain yet I didn't move. I didn't sob, I just laid there, the waste that I was. I sat there for I'm not sure how long, but I'm sure it was closer to hours than minutes, until I heard a soft voice that in any other situation, any other time, would have struck me as beyond beautiful. It was soft and smooth yet ruff snd manly. Everthing in me called to that voice, yet now it only struck me as one thing, far, from beautiful. Male . My head whipped to the side and I saw a pale figure with blonde hair starring at me wide eyed as he asked my name. "Bella?" Oh my gosh it was Jasper. As in Jasper Cullen. Yesterday I would have jumped for joy and tackled him to the ground hugging him untill my arms fell numb, but the saying tomorrow is a whole other day has never been more true to me than this very moment. I screamed and tried to get up to run, the scene from who knows how long ago replaying in my head. as I fell back to the ground, the pain soaring and just noticing that my left arm was broken. I screamed and sobbed as the male came closer. "Bella!" He said. I could barely see him any more as I thrashed and sobbed, tears falling as sobbed rocked through my body, which finally fell limp from the pain. I did the last thing I could. I begged, terrified and desperate I begged. "Please! Oh god Help me! Please don't! I'm sorry! Ph god please leave alone!" I shouted at him, begging him not to do it. He was suddenly by my side and I knew that I was goner again, and I screamed and sobbed hopelessly, I know. He was going to rape me again and there was nothing I would ever be able to do about it. Where is God when I needed him!? Why can't he kill me now! He calls for those who don't want death all the time and yet hear I lay begging for it and he looks past me! "Help me! Help me, Kill me! please now! " I sobbed and just now realized I was screaming aloud when my throat began to close and throb. I sobbed for everything I was worth, even it wasn't much, I sobbed to who ever, what ever would listen. "Bella! I. will. not. hurt. you!" He said. His arms were around me rocking me as I thrashed and sobbed and begged for death. I sobbed and looked up into his soft topaz eyes and they showed that they wouldn't hurt me, they showed concern and terror, welded with familiarity. I gave up thrashing, and clutched to him, my face buried in his chest, as he rocked me as I cried and choked on my sobs. I wanted his familiarity, no I needed his familiarity. "What happened to you Bella?" He whispered as if he knew I wouldn't answer, like more to himself. He rocked me and eventually I felt myself being raised. I screamed and choked, but he shoo-shed me and calmed me. I had felt his waves of calm and sleepiness he pushed at me, but the terror within my body was too much for the other emotions to mask. Before I knew it I was being rushed into somewhere bright and white and my teary eyes could barely see anything. "Help! I need help!" Jasper yelled out and bodies came rushing towards us. I saw who I knew were nurses and looked at them warily, but then came them . Males . I screamed bloody murder as one tried to take me from Jaspers arms and I thrashed and sobbed clutching to my safe harbor. They all looked at me sorrowful and bewildered. I could see that other people in the hospital and waiting room were looking but I didn't care. Jasper shoooshed me. He then looked up at the crew that had gathered and frowned softly. "Please. No men." He whispered catching on to my fear. The males nodded and backed away and I sighed in relief looking up at Jasper thankful for him. He smiled softly at me but it didn't reach his eyes. A female nurse walked slowly up to me as I eyed her. She smiled softly at me but even if I tried I couldn't have returned it. "Hello what is your name dear?" She asked softly. The whole hospital had gone quiet. I don;t think anyone was breathing too hard, for fear of scaring me, and the scary part was. I think it was necessary. "Be-be." I tried to say my name but it came out a choke in my throat. I looked up at Jasper, silently asking for help he smiled softly, again it not reaching his eyes. He then looked up at the nurse. "Her name is Isabella Swan." He said. They all gasped at my last name. I knew we were in the Seattle hospital and therefore they would know my dad, and his last name. New tears escaped my eyes thinking of what a disappointment I was to him. "Okay sweetie, we're gonna take real good care of here okay?" She asked. I only looked at her. She motioned for two of the male doctors to step away from the hospital bed they had rolled over and for two female nurses to take there spot. They willed the bed over and Jasper leaned down to lay me there. My eyes became wide and I began to shake. My head and my body. I began to sob and in a frantic attempt to stay with my safe harbor I clutched his shirt to me as hard as I could with my one weak hand. "Please. Please Jazz, don't leave me. Please." I begged. He looked like he was about to burst into tears if such a thing was possible and I knew that he truly cared for me. "I'm not gonna leave you Bella. I'm just gonna lay you down and I'll be here, right by your side, the entire time. I promise." He said. I shook my head and clutched tighter, well as tight as my weak body would allow. I hung my head and cried, my grasp loosening my hold on his shirt. I looked up at him with one more pleading look. "Please. Don't let go." I whispered. He looked at me for a brief second and then he moved and we were both on the hospital bed, me still wrapped in his arms, which I just noticed were bare. He had put his long button down on me, and for good reasons, most of my clothes were shattered. He held me to him as I cried into his chest. The nurses and doctors didn't seem to care that Jasper was with me, only that I had calmed down enough to be set on a bed. They all moved fast and I felt a blanket being thrown over us. I relished in the warmth, again not noticing how cold I was until then. I began to tremor and felt Jasper's cool hands rubbing over my arms as I snuggled deep into him. Trying to burry myself into him, to sink away and never come back. I closed my eyes and leaned into his comforting chest. Pretty soon I heard the traffic stop and I looked up. We were in a room and one soul nurse was plugging me up to machines and she always went slow. She would stop and let me adjust every time I flinched when she touched me. She was nice and understanding and I was extremely grateful for her. I snuggled into Jasper and before I knew what was going on, I was being over took with sleep. My dreams were filled with horror. Need I say I woke screaming bloody murder in my hospital bed, with cold arms restraining me. I thrashed once I felt the arms tighten and looked up to see it was Jasper, trying to calm me down. The nurse from earlier rushed in and Jasper gave her a knowing and dismissive look. She quickly slipped back out the room. We sat there for a few minutes just breathing, getting mine back to normal. Jaspers was rubbing my back and mumbling to me, soothing me. I sighed and shifted my legs to get comfortable when I felt something move across my legs. It was a hospital gown. I didn't remember putting that on. My head shot up to Jaspers. "How-" "The nurse put it on when you were asleep." He explained and then looked down. He somehow managed look sheepish. I scrunched my eyebrows together and slowly moved my now casted arm and to touch the side of his face. Jasper and I had gotten so close before they left and when Edward attacked me brcause of a paper cut, and Jasper defended me on my birthday, I knew that I would never get over the feelings that I had for him and I couldn't feel the way I felt about him, when he belonged to someone else, to my sister. To Alice. So it wasn't really a big surprise when they said they had to leave but I had missed Jasper the most. Though as hard as I tried, I never got over the feelings I had for him. The pull to him like no other. I had felt like I was betraying Edward every time I thought of Jasper. Which was all the time, so when they left, ... I let them go. He looked up at me and frowned. "Jazz, what's wrong?" I asked in my rasped voice. "Everything." He whispered so