Ducky Sage needed a job. When you live in a place like Forks, it's hard to find the right box to lock yourself in for 6 days and 42 hours a week. You have to approach the potential workplace with style, attitude. You have to be confident, but never cocky. A little makeup and a dress that will camouflage your inexperience with the concept of work. Once you get the job, be helpful and cooperative. Make sure no one knows you're a dick in real life. In the workplace, you are being held captive. So don't screw anyone over, because you'll be rotating around each other for the rest of the day. And then the rest of the year, after that. Ducky Sage needed a job, but how far would she go to disguise herself? As far as I have to, she told herself, and made for Bella's room. "Hey," she said awkwardly. Bella was hauling a cardboard box, overflowing with clothes, around to the closet. She dropped it on the ground with a huff, and turned around to meet Ducky's unexpectedly warm, brown eyes. Bella was 24 years old, a good eight years apart from Ducky. They were half-sisters, Ducky being born from a run-away teenager that Charlie had found lying out by the road one night. His only wife had divorced him and moved straightaway to Phoenix Arizona with his other only child, Bella, who he only saw once a year or less. He had become dirty and lonely. Picking her up that night, he hadn't planned on doing anything with the girl. After discovering her name to be Angelique, 17 years old, and how she had fled from Canada to escape an abusive foster family, he became closer to her. He let her sleep in Bella's bed and told nobody of her. She trusted him. Her trust was misplaced. After a week of housing the girl, he began to fantasize about her. He set out to make his fantasies a reality. Charlie now lived in the Forks County Prison, arrested for rape. Angelique had reported him, and as a result, was brought to the Runaway Sanctuary in the next city over. She told nobody where she had come from, and until anyone could form a decent investigation, she turned 18, and abruptly left with her child. For 16 years, Angelique raised Ducky in an abandoned van, a tent, and, around Ducky's 4th birthday, finally found a one-room-apartment complex with a rent cost of 50 dollars. It was moldy, outdated, and the carpet had been ripped out of the total 3 duplicated rooms. There wasn't even a bathroom, air conditioning, or a heater. But, there was a single mini-fridge, sink, and a working light bulb in the center of the room. Ducky lived with Angelique in that apartment for most of her life. Until Angelique's health began to deteriorate, with obvious signs of disease. She tried to use home remedies, since a doctor's visit was out of the question. Eventually, Angelique was covered in patches of open gashes, where the skin ate away and nearly exposed her bones. It was on her scalp, legs, back, and worst of all, stomach. At that point, Ducky and Angelique were frantic. Nobody was hiring her or her coworkers out of the phone book, since she arrived at the designated home painted in giant dry, open wounds. Cleaning other people's homes paid for everything; the rent, groceries, and daily necessities. Without that, Angelique would die and Ducky would be left alone on the streets. She would end up just like her mother; a wanderer, until someone picked her up and she became pregnant with a child she didn't want, just like Angelique. Frantically, she urged her mother to find help. After days of begging, Angelique lied half-eaten away and finally understood that, more than anything, she wanted her daughter to succeed in life. She didn't want her to follow the same path, either. And so they contacted the one person Angelique had any memory of from her visit at Charlie's; his daughter Bella. She died only days later, after a meeting had been arranged. Bella was Ducky's legal guardian now. "What is it?" Bella asked her, startled once again by how much they looked alike. The biggest difference was in hair; Ducky's was golden, edging on dirty blonde. And her whole face was smaller, petite. She stood there in the doorway of Bella's old room, arms folded, looking down, and then back up again. "Do you think I could borrow...a dress, maybe?" She asked, obviously uncomfortable. The first thing Bella had discovered about Ducky was her attitude; she wasn't built to be tough, but she acted it, anyways. The first day they arrived at Charlie's house with the two policeman behind them, she scrunched up her nose and said, ' Wow, I'm so excited. I've always wanted to see where I was conceived. Does anyone have a camera?' And for the rest of the four days they'd been settling in, could not stop make snarky comments and snorting with laughter at Bella whenever she tripped or fumbled with something in her typical clumsy way. But she was being polite, right now. Bella wondered why. "Yeah? What kind?" Bella asked nonchalantly. "I don't care. Something nice. Modest, I guess." She said, and with that she glanced down at her shirt, adjusted the front. Bella was taking her shopping soon. All of the girl's clothes looked uncomfortable and wrong. Right now she was wearing a shirt that nearly hung off her shoulders, and dipped low over her front. Her jeans were too big, and torn around the bottoms. Bella lifted the two flaps over her boxes of clothes. She had a dress from when she was fourteen, somewhere...never had she been able to give it up; she had made too many good memories in it. First kiss, first night out at a fancy restaurant, and that time she met celebrity Lucker Talk, and he had complimented it...there it was, at the bottom of the box. Bella drew it out, hung it in front of Ducky. It would fit her. She was small for 16. Ducky had never actually worn a dress before, except in kindergarten, when she had been introduced to the costume bucket. Bella's dress was lacy white, with roses etched into the fabric and a round collar that buttoned down to the mid-waist. It wasn't the kind of dress you could find at the stores anymore; it was slightly outdated, with no resemblance to modern taste. But Ducky didn't know that. Ducky shopped at the gas station for groceries and the thrift store for cheap clothes. This dress was gorgeous. She took it into her hands carefully, like it was a newborn baby rather than a bundle of old fabric. Bella held back a smile, and put her hands on her hips when the dress was out of them. "Anything else?" She asked. Ducky snapped out of her trance with the dress, and threw it over her shoulder like it was a sack of manure. Trying to seem careless. "Shoes." She demanded. Bella obliged, scoping out the smallest box, where she had packed up her shoes. Surely she had some shoes to fit her. Size eight would not do. "And...makeup," Ducky said suddenly, remembering the importance of makeup in an interview. Although she hated asking Bella for it. Bella froze mid-dig through her shoe pile. Finally, it was acceptable, or even required, that she ask why. "What's all this for, Ducky?" she asked. Ducky cringed; her name coming out of Bella's mouth sounded like nails on a chalkboard. It made her want to kick the lady in the designer-jean-knee. Plus, she didn't want to tell her why. Couldn't she just trust her? "Well," Ducky began, licking her lips, furrowing her brow. What was she going to say? She looked up at Bella, waiting, genuinely curious. She'd have to tell her. "Job interview, okay?" She snapped finally, face heating up. Why did it make her feel so embarrassed? If she told her mom that, she'd be singing it, they'd be dancing together around the house together, rejoicing. With Bella it was like a dirty secret. Bella nodded, a smile slowly forming in her lips. Now it was funny. God, if Ducky could only slap that smile right off, pull her hair out by the roots and pinch her nose. She felt heat reach more than her face; her whole body felt as if it were suspended over a pit of lava. "Nevermind," She snarled, snatching the dress off her shoulder and clutching it harshly. Bella was suddenly worried Ducky would sabotage it; that she had made a terrible mistake. "Go to hell. I hope you jump off a cliff and smash your brains out." And with that, she twirled around on her heel and stomped down the stairs, to Charlie's old room. It was hers now. There was something messed up about that, and she knew it. For the hundredth time since she arrived at the house, she felt like hurling. "So, no work experience. No emergency contact number. Address...1113, centennial drive?" The man looked up at her from the job application, one eyebrow raised. Ducky swallowed thickly, and smiled with a nod of her head. Things were heading off to a bad start. First of all, Ducky was screwing with the rules of getting a job. She didn't have any makeup on. She was wearing wrinkled, black Converse with the heel covered in duck-tape, and in addition, she lied all over the application. She wasn't being confident enough, either. Men always intimidated her. Men were rotten, conniving things. She squirmed in her seat, ignoring the trickle of perspiration running down her forehead. Mr. Forman leaned back in his office chair, and pinched the bridge of his nose. Ducky Sage was the talk of the town; Charlie Swan's mystery daughter, shipped back to Forks after her mother's tragic, un-diagnosed death. Business would be good with her around; people would probably come in just to get a look at her, and then maybe she could convince them to buy a tire or two. But her application was written in pink frosting. He had smelled it before the interview, feeling suspicious about the crystal-sugar bits in her name. And, she was lying. He wanted to hire her, but what excuse could cover up this big of a mess? He glanced back at her, in her strange attire and twitchy hands. "Ducky, my best friend lives on 1113 centennial drive. Look, kid," he took a deep breath, as Ducky's heart sunk. "I know you live with Miss Swan. Everyone does. There's no reason to go out of your way, trying to hide it." She swallowed, looked down and nodded. "Okay," She croaked. He looked at her expectantly. She wasn't making this easy. "And since this tire company is my life, it's my duty to hire people with promise. And, honey, I'm not seeing much promise here." He said, and looked at her directly in the eyes. Ducky had to get this job. Oh no, oh no, oh no, I've screwed up, she thought helplessly, as he grew wary and finally broke the contact by standing up, pushing his chair into his desk. She had to say something. She had to stop him. She rose to her feet swiftly, and blocked the way to the door. I have to get this job! It's my only chance! Her subconscious cried. "Actually, sir, I..." Her chest felt heavy, and she huffed. "I'm sorry. I can assure you that being employed at this tire company would be a steady change of pace for me. While I don't have much experience, I promise I'll work especially hard to learn, and to keep learning, after that. If you hire me," she took a deep breath, and smiled painfully. "I won't let you down." Mr. Forman watched her, nervous as a trapped cat,