A/N: Just a quick one, this is something that's sat in my Google Drive for awhile now. There's a few chapters already written, I kind of left it there when I didn't exactly thing people would enjoy it. Seeing as how a few of you enjoy my current work I thought I may as well put it up. I can stick the other chapter up next week or something if you would like to see more. I am in-fact actively writing for my other stories, however work is taking a large amount of my time at the moment. This is a short first chapter I know but it's just to set the scene really.. Managing a Miraculous Map Finders Keepers Chapter 1 It happened at the end of her fifth year, probably up there as her most exciting find. Or theft, but she didn't think of it that way. She wasn't the one to lose it, and frankly; finders keepers. A Slytherin wasn't known to hand back an object that houses so many possibilities. Daphne Greengrass, fifth year Slytherin walked along the empty corridor towards the headmaster's office. She had an appointment, and one that she hoped would go well. She desperately wanted to change potions for ancient runes. She had the grades for it, however it required getting the headmaster's approval. Clutched to her chest were her owl results and a letter from her parents, with her own reasons to why she wanted to change. She wasn't the first. Ever since Hermione Granger dropped Divination she had realised it could be done, not having thought about it very much. Potions wasn't useful to her, she wanted to do research as a career and while potions were useful and perhaps good to know the basics of, that's all she wanted; the basics. What she really excelled in were charms and transfiguration but having discussed her choices and results with her parents they decided perhaps ancient runes would help her more. There would be a lot of catching up to do but she could manage it. A few low rumbles seemed to vibrate through the corridor she was walking through and she look over her shoulder at the noises. Noticing nothing she continued on, shrugging to herself and wondered if she had just imagined it. Odd things always happened in the castle, it wasn't unheard of for things to get a little crazy at the drop of a hat. Mostly because of the Weasley twins but she wasn't so stuck up to not think they were funny, most of the time at least. Daphne turned the corner and positioned herself in front of the stone gargoyle outside the headmaster's office. She had only done this once before and the password she had been given was still just as weird. "Sneezing Gobst-" She had began to say when Harry Potter came barreling out of the entrance and ran straight into her, knocking her to the ground heavily. A squeak of surprise which she wasn't proud of escaped her as her hands caught her fall behind her, although landing on the rough stone floor still hurt considerably. Her parchment and letters went flying and fluttered to meet her on the ground in different spots around her. Harry was leaning over her, and she had never seen him look so angry. Come to think of it she hadn't really seen any of his expressions. Harry Potter was known as a recluse in the Castle. Friends with no one, apart from the odd and maybe forced interactions he sometimes has with Hermione who was in the same house as him. He was essentially a loner. He ate alone, sat at the back of classes alone and rarely gave any input into anything. He tended to disappear for large amounts of time, and often skipped classes but the professors never really had anything to say on the matter. It was clear a few of them didn't quite like it however. They stared at each, tangled on the floor. Daphne out of interest at seeing something others usually didn't and Harry out of surprise. Her skirt had been pushed up and pinned down by his hand, the cool air running over the parts of her thighs that weren't covered by her plain black stockings. It interested her that he didn't sneak a peak like most probably would. Harry was the one to break the eye contact and he quickly scrambled up, collecting the parchment and letters before placing them in a rough pile next to her. With a very quick apology he walked off, not once looking back. Daphne pulled her skirt back down and into it's rightful place and brushed the back side of her uniform with her hands and giving it a quick visual check. She bent down and grabbed her things before looking at the stone gargoyle again. "Sneezing Gobstoppers." She said calmly and couldn't help but look over her shoulder at the empty corridor, a little disgruntled about being knocked over. The stone staircase sprang to life and she quickly hopped on. She didn't climb the stairs as it span slowly this time, instead letting the stairs carry her up and she smiled when it stopped on the exact stair she was standing on, presenting her with the large heavy door of Albus Dumbledore's office. Lifting the large copper handle she pushed it down quickly against the copper plate two times and waited for an answer. "Enter." Dumbledore said and Daphne noticed there was a touch of confusion in his voice and decided to reiterate why she was here. She pushed the heavy door open and walked inside, closing it behind her. "You asked to see me Profes-" She said but stopped mid sentence when her eyes took in the state of his office. Compared to her first visit, the office was a wreck. Gone were the neatly laid out bowls of assorted sweets and mysterious contraptions that sparkled and popped at seemingly random intervals. In it's place were splinters of furniture, some small fires and general destruction. Standing at door she wondered if she was imagining it. The last person up in the office was Harry and for a student to do this to a teacher's office, let alone the headmaster's office was crazy. She thought perhaps he was expelled, and that's why he looked so angry. "Yes, of course." He replied calmly from his seat behind his desk, which she noticed was split in two. "Excuse my aging memory as I had temporarily forgotten. Please, take a seat Miss. Greengrass." He gestured to the only intact piece of furniture left in the room besides his own chair. Nervously, but without showing it, she approached and sat down. Daphne cast a few more subtle looks around the office, taking in the damage and wondered how Dumbledore was sitting there calmly, as if it was an everyday occurrence. "Er, yes. So I wanted to discuss dropping potions for ancient runes, Sir." She reached over the splintered desk and handed the letter from her parents and her own reasons for wanting to drop it. He read them quickly, nodding a few times here and there with her parents letter before handing them back. "Have you discussed this with your head of house?" He asked her and quickly scribbled something she couldn't quite see on a piece of parchment on the right half of his desk. Daphne nodded, having already spoken to him. "He wasn't particularly happy with me dropping his subject but as I don't have an interest in it and would find ancient runes more valuable, he understands and supports it." "In that case I can see no reason to say no. You will however be expected to catch up to where the current class is currently at next term, a book list will be provided. You may also be provided with some extra homework over the holiday to help you get up to speed." He said with a kind smile on his face. "I apologise for this being so short and to the point, but as you can probably tell I have some cleaning up to do." He said this all with a calm voice and expression. Daphne couldn't understand how anyone could be so calm after their office was half destroyed. There were obviously things she didn't understand, but she had gotten what she wanted and that was all that mattered to her. Nodding and accepting the polite excuse to cut it short she stood up and walked back towards the door after giving her thanks. As she gripped the handle however she found her curiously got the better of her and she turned around slightly, looking at the old wizard who simply smiled back. "Was it Potter?" She asked, expecting to be rebuffed. Dumbledore leaned back in his chair and sighed, she was pretty sure that was the first time she had seen him sigh like that. "I'm afraid I might have pushed my luck too far unfortunately, and Mr. Potter has taught me a valuable lesson, as it were. Have a good evening Miss Greengrass." Turning back around Daphne opened and closed the door behind her before making her way back down the moving staircase before exiting when it ground to a halt. As she was leaving however she noticed a piece of parchment on the ground near the window. She hadn't noticed it before and a quick check of the items in her hands she realised it wasn't something of hers. She reached down and picked it up, wondering what it was. It was a fairly large piece of parchment with small crest and inscription on the front. "The Marauder's Map?" She said quietly to herself as she flipped it open. There were windows into other pages and flaps and panels you could move to reveal more of the map and it's different areas. Her eyes went wind in surprise as she stared at the map. She couldn't believe it, that something like that existed. Instantly looking around to see if anyone was in the corridor after her brief talk with Dumbledore and noticing she was still alone, she quickly closed and stuffed the parchment into her robe and started walking back to her corridor with a large smile on her face. "What are you so happy about?" Tracy Davies said from her bed once Daphne had closed the room to her shared room. Slytherin's had room for four and luckily one of those four was her best, and only real friend, Tracy. They had grown up together, having lived quite close; an unlikely friendship between a pureblood of high social status and a half blood. Their mothers were friends and therefor they had spent a lot of time together when they were younger. Daphne jumped at the sound of her, thinking the room would be empty. It wasn't late and most Slytherin's hun around in the common room, trying to pick up gossip from other students in the house. Little things like that was what made Slytherin what it was, a house full of everyone trying to get dirt on someone else to further propel them through society. "Oh. Tracy, it's just you." She said and let out a breath she hadn't realised she'd been holding. "What d'you mean, 'just me'?" She replied with a frown. "Are you hiding something?" She asked and stop up from her bed and slowly approached Daphne. With nowhere to go, having closed the door behind her Daphne pressed her back against the door and tried to not look guilty. While she generally had a fantastic mask when around other people, Tracy could always see through it. The one negative side effect of having a best friend. She could never keep anything from her. "T-Tracy it's nothing, I just went to speak to Dumbledore. You know, about dropp-" Tracy pounded, making her jump again and there a quick silent fight as Daphne