A/N: Hello to anyone that reads this, if you're interested in my first story please note it has not been dropped; I'm just dealing with a little writers block at the moment with it. This story, which will not get out of my head has unfortunately taken the space I would usually have for writing. So I'm hoping by writing this, it'll give me thoughts and interesting things to write about for my first story. Please consider this first chapter as a sort of prologue if you will. I'll judge based on reception if I'll continue it, I just had to get the idea out of my head. Thank you for all the views and comments I've received already, they really do motivate me. The Tournament The Wizard From Her World Chapter 1 "OK, class dismissed." As soon as the professor spoke up the classroom immediately erupted with noise. Students chatted to each other, chairs scraped against the ground as they were pushed back. All eager to leave and go home. "Oh and Mr. Peterson, don't think I've forgotten; I want that assignment in by next week!" The professor, a tall older gentleman with a balding patch on his head shouted out to his student just before he could flea who elicited a groan at being reminded of the horrors that were assignments. In small groups the students left, and eventually only one remained. Hermione Granger was slowly packing up her books and notes, making sure they were all in the correct place in her bag. She wasn't in a rush like the others. In fact, she often wished the university classes lasted longer. If she was honest with herself she had hoped university would turn out better than her years in college. Isolated and virtually friendless, it was never nice thinking back on those years. She thought university would be different, a group of like minded individuals; all sharing the same love for learning. She was mistaken very quickly. While she attended Harvard under a scholarship, others were admitted through connection or financial wealth. Most didn't care about learning, they just wanted to get through it so they could say they graduated from a esteemed school. Hermione jumped as the noise from one of the doors of the classroom shut, bumping on the frame as it did. Even the professors didn't seem to want to stick around. Sighing, and a little thankful that she got through another day without any incidents she closed her back and made sure the catch was secured. Too many times had it split, it made her nervous. She knew she could carry less, but what if she missed something or wasn't prepared for a question? She stood up and pulled on her coat, brushing a few strands of hair away from her face as the fur lined hood fell onto her head. After pushing the hood back off her head she swung her bag over her shoulder and left through the other door to the classroom but immediately stumbled when her leg caught on something. She managed to catch herself on the wall on the other side of the corridor. "Watch it Granger, I was resting my legs there." Hermione turned around quickly, cursing herself for jinxing it. Jason Brookes was smirking at her as he leaned against the wall, a few other girls and boys standing around him and trying to hold in their laughter. Holding back her comments about how only idiots would put their legs in front of a door she made to turn and walk the other way down the corridor. She was blocked however when Jason stepped in front of her. "What's the rush Granger? Too eager to get to your next class, you do know the days over; right? Or maybe you don't…" He said, laughing to himself and the other joined in. She used to argue back, but knowing it was useless against the idiot that stood before her she simply said nothing and tried to walk around him. He moved with her, continuing to block her path. "Move, please." Hermione said, frustrated. She didn't want it to escalate. This only caused Jason to smile more however, and she internally cursed herself once again. "And there's that pretty voice we all hear so often in class." He said, sending a subtle wink at one of his friends behind her. The next second her bag was quickly pulled off her shoulder. "Hey!" She yelled, turning around quickly but Emma Jones, who was Jason's girlfriend was blocking her other way, she had thrown the back to one of the boys behind her. "Give it back." She said coldly. "How come you always refuse to hang out with us Granger?" She said mockingly, knowing she wouldn't fight back. "I'm busy." Was all Hermione said, looking at her bag, thankfully they weren't pulling things out of it. "Busy? Doing what? Surely you can spend some time not studying?" Emma said. Hermione was getting angry. "And what's so wrong if I do?!" She yelled. "Now give me back my bag." "I said, give it back." She said again, glaring at the boy holding it. He looked a little apprehensive but didn't hand it over, obviously to afraid of what Jason might think or say. Hermione tried stepping forwards, the thought of just pushing Emma out of the way and taking her bag back when Jason grabbed her from behind and wrapped his arms around her waist. "Come on Granger, why not hang out with us? Where's the harm?" He said into her ear. She stopped dead, some fear spreading into her mind as she thought quickly. What was happening was fairly tame compared to other things that have happened to her but one instance sprange to the forefront of her mind. Jason continued to speak quietly into her ear, rooting her to the cold floor. "The whole school knows about your little… Adventure, with Smith. Why can't we have some fun too?" He said subtly. Her memories were rushing past her a mile a second as fear and panic flooded her emotions. She was trying not to cry, to keep her cool. Nearly every day she heard the whispers, the students discussing her behind her back. Even some of the teachers seemed to regard her cooly. All for something that wasn't her fault. Clentching her fights and shutting her eyes to keep the threatening tears at bay she thought about what her mother had told her. It had taken a lot of her courage to tell her, but she was happy when she did. "You did nothing wrong, ignore them and if they aggravate you ignore them still. At the end of the day you're a far better person." Her mother always said. While she agreed with it, knowing that bullies looked for a reaction out of someone but her situation was a little differently. She pulled his arms from around her waist and shoved them back towards him. Walking past Emma she glared at her pretty smirking face and didn't slow as her shoulder was buffeted. Quickly grabbing her bag from the boy's hand, who honestly looked a little nervous and walked at a fast pace down the corridor without looking back. Once she was around the corner she stopped and leant her back against the wall, letting a large breath she had been holding in. She listened out to see if they would follow her. "Dumb slut, let's go; she's a huge bore anyway." She heard the echo of Emma bounce down the corridor to where she was. They said words couldn't hurt you, but comments like that almost chipped away at her slowly. It wasn't your fault . She almost had to remind herself. She didn't know how long she stood there for, a few silent tears cascading down her cheek as she thought about how unfair it was. She tried so hard, yet nothing had changed since school. It wasn't much longer until she walked through the door to her dorm. It was small, but she was glad she didn't have to share. Letting her heavy bag drop to the floor with a thud Hermione walked over to her small single bed and collapsed face first into it. "Just one more year, that's all you have to do Hermione. One more year of hard work and you'll be free of it all." She mumbled into her duvet. Some hours later, and well into the night she was awoken by a strange noise. She couldn't quite place it but it sounded like it was coming from outside, as if someone was dropping things on her small balcony. It was called a balcony but it really wasn't. She could open a small door which had about half a foot of space before a metal railing. It was nice in the summers though. As the insufferable noise wouldn't stop she pushed herself off the best, not realising she had fallen asleep when she'd come home she pulled the heavy jumper off and set it neatly down on a small chair beside the window. She often sat there for hours on end, reading happily with the sun shining on the pages of whatever book she was interested in at the time. The noise persisted and she found herself curious. Walking quietly over to glass door she pulled the thin curtain aside and peered outside. Hoot . Hermione jumped, and stumbled over her feet, falling heavily onto the carpeted floor. "Ow…" She said as she slowly got back up. She opened one of the curtains fully this time, now prepared, having been caught off guard and not expecting an owl of all things to be perched on her balcony railing. She pulled the glass door open. "Hello little owl…" She said softly, feeling stupid. "Are you lost?" Her memory quickly went to any of the books she had read about owls. She knew they were nocturnal, and hunted mostly at night so it shouldn't be that strange for one to be resting there. It was just an inconvenience as it's sharp claws scratched against the metal railing. It simply hooted at her daft question. As she looked at the sharp claws of the owl she noticed something foreign. A small triangle piece of what looked like old paper. She wondered if the owl was on a delivery. Can owl's deliver messages? She thought. She knew about carrier pigeons. Some were still used although it was a bit of a joke with today's technology. Hesitantly she extender her hand, wondering briefly if it was actually for her. Expecting to be scratched or bitten she was surprised when the owl extended its leg to her. "It's… It's for me?" She said nervously? Not caring that she was speaking to an owl, if anyone ever saw they would think she was crazy. The owl simply stared at her with it's large amber eyes. Hermione nervously untied the small paper, trying not to fumble to much with string. She didn't want to aggravate the owl. Defying her expectations the owl simply did nothing as she removed the paper. As soon as it was free however the owl promptly spread its large wings and flew off. "Ow!" Hermione exclaimed for the second time that night as a wing clipped her in the face. She watched the owl for a few minutes, until she couldn't see it anymore before closing the door. A shiver ran down her body, not having paid much attention to the cold night air. Pulling her curtain shut again she walked over to her bed and sat down and pulled her duvet up and around her. She turned the small lamp on the bedside table on, casting a soft orange light around the room. Once her hands stopped shivering she slowly unfolded the letter. It was made of parchment, having held some from the school's library when she had to look up really old facts