Conflicted Dark Days Chapter 1 Darkness. It was both calming and frightening. Event's could be unfolding right before your eyes and you wouldn't see. Plots, that could shape your world happening in the shadows. But for one boy, the pitch black nights were a sought after release. The cool breeze that caused the tree's to softly sway flowed over his skin. He wasn't cold, he was rarely ever cold. The boy was sitting on the front step of a tiny cottage in a now deserted village in Camberwell, a little outside of London. It was a tiny place, only 2 rooms with one being a very small bathroom; a small bathtub was squeezed into the corner and a toilet and sink beside it. The now residents of the cottage often wondered why someone would build something so small to begin with, and where had they gone? There was no electricity of course, but thankfully the plumbing was still working. The once red clay tiled roof that sheltered it's inhabitants from rain often leaked and let in all of the cold air. The walls were in a constant state of repair and windows often rattled in the wind. The boy however, didn't care. It was his home, had been in fact for 4 years now and most importantly, he was alive. These days that was a lucky thing, deaths were common, people disappearing suddenly was even more common. He wasn't alone however. He didn't think he would have coped if he was alone. Often woken by strange images and nightmares that plagued his sleep he imagined himself going crazy. He had a partner however. Not in the romantic sense but a partner to keep the nightmares at bay, to talk too and keep each other company. Someone he could depend on and someone he could share his secrets with. There was one secret he hadn't shared, however. He wanted too, more than anything; but he knew the moment he shared that secret their partnership would be over. The boy let his head hang low, his arms resting on the inside of his legs and his hands almost touching the chipped wooden step. The small shift of weight causing the wooden step to creek quietly in the night. He looked defeated, at his limit. He had the same internal battle almost every night. Should he come clean? Should he destroy the only precious thing he had left? He couldn't, every night he couldn't bring himself to do it. He slowly opened the tightly balled fist he was making in his right hand. Holding it up slightly from the ground with his palm up he thought about light, and how much he missed it's reassuring presence and as if by magic a small ball of light appeared in the palm of the boys hand. A soft white light, no bigger than a marble. It churned and rotated slowly in his palm, as if it was a miniature sun. He concentrated more and the ball of light grew larger, now the size of an apple. He cast a quick look over his shoulder, careful not to create too much light and wake his partner who was slumbering in bed. Staring back at the ball of light he thought about this special gift. Magic. It wasn't uncommon. Most of the people in the country could do it, but it wasn't something you advertised however, not unless you had a seal anyway. All residents were required to have a seal otherwise they were considered outsiders, often deemed not to be needed by Voldemort or his henchmen. The seals were a solid gold pin in the shape of a shield with a snake running along the edge with a V etched at it's centre. There were a lot of rumours surrounding the seals, but the boy didn't have one so he didn't much care. A few people even sold them, being made of pure gold they fetched a fairly good price. It came at it's own cost however and without the seal you were essentially not a citizen in this crazy country. Voldemort. The man responsible. What the boy wouldn't do to get a shot at him. If it weren't for him, and his rise to power he might not even be in this mess. His partner would still be with the family that now didn't exist. Killed, purely because they resisted the non-magical stigma that came with Voldemort's uprising. Millions were killed, even magical people. A few rose up against Voldemort but any resistance however was crushed. He was the most powerful wizard to have ever existed, or so he claims. No one has been about to prove otherwise. The boys memories turned to his dreams. He has strange dreams, it was if he was viewing someone else's memories but he couldn't place who. They were blurry, a lot of the time. As if being viewed behind distorted glass. The other times, his sleep was filled with the nightmares. Large scenes of burning buildings and people screaming. Flashes of light coming from this way and that. He remembered a woman, with red hair that could put the huge flames of fire behind her to shame as she spoke to him, he couldn't tell what she said though. It was fragmented, only hearing bits and pieces but none of it making sense. Often times, in times where he was alone or scared he thought about her. He assumed she was his mother, it was the only thing he knew he was right about when it came to his dreams. He didn't remember his family, or anything actually. It was as if he just appeared in the dark street, alone and scared. He didn't like thinking about those times. Times when he was truly afraid, afraid to die. He'd called out to his parents, struggling to remember their names. His head hurt and he felt sick. He was only 13. It didn't take him long to realise he was truly alone. It would be another year before he met his partner and found the cottage. That year was a tough one. He had a crash course in magic having witnessed men and women in strange cloaks doing horrible things to people in the streets. Hidden in the shadows all he could do was wait for it to be over so he could move on and try and find food and water. He remembered almost freezing every night having desperately knocked on the doors of every house still standing. He never got a reply. "Harry?" A gentle voice said from the doorway behind him. Harry jumped at the voice and clamped his hand shut, frozen stiff. It was a good thing he'd lost concentration, the ball of light had only been the size of a pea when she had come out so it was unlikely she would have seen anything. He relaxed slightly when she didn't say anything. He could hear the tell tale signs of her just waking up, but not really being awake. Not enough to function properly anyway. She was always a heavy sleeper where as Harry was a light sleeper. "Hermione. I thought you were asleep?" He asked her calmly, trying to keep his voice steady. He twisting his body so he could look at her. The young brunette was rubbing her eyes with her hands. Her hair was in a ponytail but a few strands had escapes and were pointing this way and that. She was wearing shorts and a jumper that was a little too big for her. One of Harry's old ones. It had patches and holes in it, but it was always one of the more warmer jumpers. Hermione dropped her hands from her eyes and looked at him sitting on the step, the sleeves of the jumper falling over to cover her hands. "I'm cold." Was all she said as she looked at him. Her bare legs had goosebumps on them and she was moving her toes ever so slightly as if trying to hold in shivers. Harry was often used as a portable heater in the rougher weather. Smiling softly Harry stood up, the wooden step creeking more in protest. If a girl said that while dressed like that to other guys she would probably get a different response. Harry however, valued her above anything and he wouldn't make a stupid mistake; not that he doesn't have to stop himself sometimes. She was fairly innocent in a lot of ways. "Sorry, sorry. I'll come back." Harry said with a small chuckle, throwing some humour into his voice to keep the few tears that had threatened to fall at bay. He placed his hands on her shoulders and spun her around before gently pushing her back inside the cottage. She didn't resist at all and Harry was glad. It meant she was far to sleepy to have seen anything, no matter how small the risk had been. Closing the drafty wooden door and sliding the large bolt lock on the door into place behind him he stepped into their home. On the immediate left, the bed, which Hermione was currently climbing back into was a few feet in the air, balanced on 4 wooden beams. The beams had extra wood nailed into, for extra strength as the weight of 2 eighteen year olds. It had started to creak one day, which happened to almost everything in the house but Harry didn't want to take the chance of collapse. Under the bed, which being higher up gave a decent amount of space back to the room was all of their things. A few badly beaten and torn bags and rucksacks lay neatly in rows. All Hermione's doing, Harry wasn't that delicate with his things and where he placed them; much to her dismay and grumblings. This included all of their clothes and belongings. Hermione had more than him, having actually known her family and she had managed to salvage a lot before they fled their house before her parents were killed. Next to the bags were some brown paper bags with food in, not a lot but enough to keep them going for a few days. The back wall was were their sink and a small counter which served as their only kitchen space. To the right of that was their washing. Harry had salvaged some wood from the burned down house a little ways down the road and created a makeshift clothes horse. They had both gotten used to seeing each others underwear, although they tried to avoid those kinds of topics. It was always an embarrassing day when they had to go and salvage clothes from half destroyed shops in London. Harry took his worn brown boots off and placed them by the door next to Hermione's much smaller pair of Converse. He pulled his socks off and threw them into one of his bags under the bed, followed by his jeans. Leaving his t-shirt on he climbed the small ladder and laid down next to Hermione on his back. He turned his head to look at her, she was already asleep again. Her soft breathing the only sound he could hear; minus the creaking cottage they lived in of course. Harry reached out and moved a few pieces of her hair that were slowly falling to her lips and tucked them behind her ear. Hermione reached out and pulled his arm towards her and she smiled as the familiar warm presence made itself known. The cold didn't really affect Harry all that much, he would be fine even without a blanket. He wasn't completely sure why, but he could at least sum it up to the magic in him doing something. Finally feeling himself being tired he tucked the blankets around Hermione more as she gripped his warm arm and he settled his head back on the pillow they shared. Her warm breath dangerously close to his ear.