Chapter 1 – The Reapings. Silence. All I hear is silence. The girl that's being dragged towards the stage by two very threatening looking peacekeepers turns her head round, frantically trying to get a look at me. When she does, she stares longingly towards me. The split second our eyes meet feels like an eternity, before I notice that everyone in the square is staring at me, each and every camera trained either on my face, or the girl who's life I just saved. I look to the girl, and notice the peacekeepers have not moved. 'You heard me, I volunteer! Let the girl go.' I say loudly, my voice booming confidently around the confines of the square. The peacekeepers look at me, and back to the girl, before sharply pushing her out of the way. It's when the girl falls to the floor that I finally get a good look at her. She's thin, her features almost fox like, with light amber hair that falls softly over her shoulders. She slowly stands up, feebly brushing the dirt from the scruffy garb that would easily be recognised as her finest clothes, and looks my way. I notice that she has strikingly green eyes, and they're fixed on me. In the background, I hear a shrill shriek, followed by little footsteps behind me. Before I have the chance to turn round, I feel a small pair of arms wrap around the back of my legs. 'Thank you thank you for saving Quinny!' mutters the being that is clinging to my calves. I still haven't taken my eyes off of the girl, so I'm plenty surprised when she slowly, cautiously walks over, grimacing at the sight of the small girl attached to me. 'Finch.. come on.. please.. leave the lady alone..' The way she looks at the body behind me is so caring, so loving, so beautiful. The little girl walks over to her, and I notice that she's a spitting image of her mother. In the few seconds since the girl was called to the stage, I had completely forgotten that I had just volunteered for the Hunger Games. Before I have a chance to move, the peacekeepers are already by my side, and I am gripped roughly from both sides. I try and struggle, I can walk on my own. But they take this as me trying to escape, and grip me tighter, practically dragging me towards the stage. Typical peacekeepers, all brawn and no brain. I volunteered for the games, why would I suddenly change my mind? I've been training for this my whole life, why would I turn away now? Eventually I just give up and let them lead me towards the stage. They let me go just before I'm brought to the steps, and I flash the cameras my most winning smile, confidently walking up the small amount of stairs before taking my place on the stage, next to our district mentor Tyrin Alcovae. He turns to face me, a few strands of shockingly green hair fall over his face, and he brushes it away. 'So, I take it that was your friend?' His voice is so grating, ladled with the patronising accent that belongs to all Capitolites. 'No.. we've never met. I just didn't want her to steal the opportunity of seeing such a beautiful place like the capitol! After all, this is my last year.' I squeal with a goofy, girly grin upon my face. Anything to please the people who will be sending money to save my life. 'So what's your name darling?'. 'Ivory. Ivory Mason.' I mutter, barely audible over the deathly silence that has filled the square. 'Well onto the boys then.' Tyrin walks over and places his hand into a glass ball, filled to the brim with names. Of course it is, this is district 5, everyone has to take out tesserae, weather they like it or not. If they don't their families would starve. Before my thought even ends, he's pulling out a name. He slowly breaks the seal on the paper, obviously for dramatic effect, and reads out the name. It sounds vaguely familiar. 'Joshua Riddley' Joshua. I will remember that name when I am on my victory tour, I will make sure to say some comforting words to the crying boys family, who is now being practically dragged towards the stage. When he gets here, I shake hands with him, and then we receive a mandatory round of half-hearted applause, before being lead into the justice building by yet another set of peacekeepers. I'm shoved into a room I've never seen before, and I step carefully onto the immaculate carpet. I've never seen a room so fine, the dark blue satin curtains, the light blue carpet, made by the finest thread. I walk over to the long plush sofa, perching on the edge of it, before I catch a shine in the corner of my eye. It's a mirror, a large, full length mirror. I've never seen such a mirror in my life. The biggest mirror I've ever seen is the very small, dusty and cracked mirror that sits above my bathroom sink. I slowly step over to the mirror, taking in my reflection clearly for the first time. I look down at my tattered shoes, you can barely see the old grey fabric underneath the layer of dust that has collected from my little escapade in the square. I look up to see my dress, floaty and white, it's the finest garment I own, made of soft cotton. My straight, ebony black hair falls softly around my face, perfectly complimenting my ivory skin. When I look into my eyes, I notice that I am crying. Tears roll freely down my cheeks, and my brilliant blue eyes are framed with red, something I'm not use to. I will admit, I am beautiful, but that is said out of truth rather than arrogance. I hear a small cough behind me, and swiftly turn round, frantically wiping away my tears before again setting sights on the young girl who was reaped today. I vaguely remember her name being Quinn. She smiles in my direction, and I smile back at her, before she slowly steps closer to me, looking into my eyes with eyes that resemble emeralds. Suddenly, she pulls me into a hug, wrapping her arms tightly round me. I let my tears fall freely, returning the embrace. After a few minutes, I pull back, and look back into her eyes. 'Thank you..Thank you for saving my life..She...She would have died without me..' she sniffles, it's kind of cute. I take her hand and lead her onto the sofa, where I go to open my mouth, but she suddenly cuts in. 'Okay we only have 5 minutes so I'm going to say this once and only once. You are going to come back home and you're going to take Finch and you are going to give her a good life. I'm not giving up on you Ivory. I owe you my life. I'm going to scrape up every penny I can find and I'm going to sponsor you, and you're coming home.' Sponsor me? This is a girl I've only just met 15 minutes ago, who I have spoken to all of 5 minutes, this girl is trusting me with her life, the little girls life. 'Quinn.. I can't let you do this.. I c-' 'No. Ivory. I owe you my life. Please, let me do this. Not for you, but for Finch. She's my sister. I know that if you win Finch will be fed.' I sigh, before smiling at her. 'Fine..' Before I know it, the door swings open and in comes the same peacekeeper that brought me in here. He gestures for Quinn to leave, and she stands up, hurriedly pulling at something around her neck. Just as the peacekeeper comes in to take her away, she yanks at the thing clasped round her neck and it comes loose, and she tosses it to me. 'Use this as your token, Ivory, plea-' The door slams behind her, and that is the last I hear of Quinn. A few minutes pass, before a peacekeeper opens the door, and I stand up, walking confidently out of the door without a single word. As soon as I step out of the justice building, I am ushered into a car, where for the first time I get a good look at the boy who is now to be my district partner. He's small, thin, and he has obviously been crying a lot by the look of his puffy eyes. He's staring at me, a look of either terror or disgust plastered upon his feeble face. 'How could you volunteer.. How could you throw your life away?' T his causes me to laugh, which makes me instantly feel guilty. 'Throw my life away? Hah, darling this /is/ my life. I was born into the Hunger Games, and I shall die in them. Seems only fitting, right?' the young boy nods, before leaning solemnly against the car window. 'Look..Joshua.. I know this must be hard for you, you're only 12, you're from district 5. We've only had 4 victors in the last 65 years. But trust me, I will avenge your death by bringing glory to our district. I will make sure your family gets extra food and your death won't be in vain. But I assure you the victor for the 65th Hunger Games will be from district 5, and it won't be you.' I can feel everyone in the car staring at me. I forgot there were other people here. Our escort and two mentors are here, plus the man driving the car. The car comes to a halt, and the car door opens, causing a now sobbing Joshua to tumble out onto the floor. He picks himself up, still sobbing, and races towards the tribute train, not looking back. I follow suit, and end up standing in front of the train with my two mentors on either side and Tyrin behind me, posingd with smiles and waves to the ever present cameras. Eventually, they open the door to the train and everyone steps inside. The first thing I hear is a loud gasp from Joshua as he races to the centre of the fine train. I can't say I'm surprised or even impressed by the décor of this train, but it looks beautiful non-the less. You see, this isn't the first time I've been here, no. In fact I think this is actually the 19th time I have set foot on a train similar to this. You see, I was born in the Capitol, almost 19 years ago. My father, a mere escort at the time, didn't want me to grow up among the corruption which is the Capitol, so me and my two sisters were sent to the districts. However, there was a few issues, and my and my sisters were separated. Bonnie and Twee were both sent to district 8, whereas little Ivory was sent to district 5. Luckily, my father had struck a deal with one of the few district 5 victors, in exchange for a break from some sort of appointments, as long as I was kept alive. So I was adopted by Elena Mason victor of the 39th Hunger Games. She's 41 now, so apparently she doesn't need to worry about these appointments, but Elena got so attached to me that she's kept me with her ever since. Every year, Elena takes me with her to the Capitol, where she mentors for the Hunger Games. She is one of the 2 only living victors at the moment, so she has no other choice but to mentor with the 65 year old victor, Vincent. Vincent won the 17th Hunger Games, and is the 2nd oldest living victor to date, only exceeded by district 4's Mags, who