My appreciation to all those that have reviewed – both positive and negative. I truly like this story and feel that my progress as a writer is due to Wendwriter, Epilachna, The Battling Bard, and other notables. Indeed, as one reviewer who is known for being narcisstic has noted, "You might do well to change these before some impressionable younger reader sees and copies you." Gladly done, as I wouldn't want to corrupt our youth. A Perfect Moment in Time Elrond felt the warmth of the sun caress his face as sleep left his body. Lying quietly, he felt the weight of his dear Celebrian on his arm and across his chest. In all the years that they had been together, she preferred to sleep nestled in his arm and shoulder, with her arm draped over his chest. He inhaled deeply to smell the jasmine oil that she preferred to bathe in. The scent overwhelmed him and he felt the power of his fea begin to reach out to her. Reaching up with his free arm, he slowly caressed the silky softness of her arm. She stirred slightly, unintentionally encouraging him to continue his ministrations upward to her graceful neck and the fine curve of her jaw line. Her skin was as fair as the finest porcelain the artisans could make and as soft as the most expensive silks that were woven. His long, slender finger gently caressed the fine curve of her nose and gently trailed to her ear. He loved her points, they were so well defined compared to the other elves of Lorien and Imladris. When his finger found the tip of her ear, she began to stir again and smiled in her sleep. Elrond looked down at her face and saw that her eyes still held the glaze of reverie. He loved looking at her and studying her delicate, but beautiful features. In his opinion, she was Luthien embodied again. Resting quietly, he reflected again…his thoughts shifted to the quality of life that he had created in this time of peace. He loved this time of day, with no distractions or demands. Now that his sons were beyond their elfling years, he could enjoy these private moments with more frequency. Although he missed the two small elfling bodies clambering over him and Celebrian, he did enjoy the final moments of reverie with her. Responding to the urges of his body, he rolled toward her and softly brushed his lips across hers. He watched as her eyes came into focus as she looked up into his eyes. She smiled and continued his kiss with one of her own. No words needed to be spoken as his mouth took possession of hers, and her hands crept down his smooth chest…briefly caressing his stomach and then reaching lower to find his strength. She smiled briefly in encouragement when their mouths separated and then they began to respond to the calling of their combined feär. Their break of fast would have to wait until their feast was over. Celebrian looked at her husband as he rose from their bed. His body was a work of art with well-defined muscles and finely chiseled features. He was simply beautiful in an exotic way…it was this exotic appeal that drew her interest to him so many years ago when her Adar had introduced him. This morning, his hair was unruly and hung loose, nearly to his waist. The beautiful ebony almost seemed to glow in the sunlight… She watched as he strode confidently to the bathing room, his muscled thighs rippling smoothly under his skin. Elrond was tall for a peredhel, let alone an elf. He radiated physical strength and masculinity in every fluid motion of his body and leadership by his quiet and regal demeanor. His intimacy, and the tender side of his personality were reserved for his family and the closest of friends. Reflecting quietly, Celebrian thought of her two sons. Ai, they had been more than a handful growing up, independent and strong willed as well. They greatly favored their father in appearance and demeanor, but they also carried her temperament…additionally, they had a great sense of humor and often teased the Imladris Lords to the point of vexation or irritation. She smiled when she remembered the last time Lord Glorfindel and Lord Erestor took after the boys through the house and into the gardens. It took two days and much attention (bribery with honey cakes) to calm these great lords of the first age down. She missed feeling needed in the middle of the night. The quiet around the house was overpowering now. Oh, how she wanted another child, a little one to love and cuddle again. A little one to occupy her day while Elrond was busy. A little girl would be nice, one to soften the edges of her sons' personalities. Someone they could nurture and protect… After his bath, Elrond gave her a sensual kiss…a lover's kiss before he parted for his study to begin his morning duties. He always gave her this time to bathe and dress before he prepared for their break of fast with the other members of the house. Ever since the twins were little, he would give her this part of the day to herself. As he walked quietly to his study, he succumbed to his thoughts…110 years. It was but a blink of the eye to the eldar…a mere mortal span…but it was also the time that his sons were begat and grown to majority. Ai, they were truly a handful…two elflings with their mother's personality and humor. Time after time, he had seen her playfulness come out, unrestrained in the duplicate forms of his sons. He had also seen his fierceness and loyalty come through, and he knew that neither would rule in his stead…but both would assume the seat of leadership together. They were good sons, both having acquired the values of honesty, integrity, and fairness… Now that they were grown, he knew that something was missing… an elfling to again run the halls of his house… Unintentionally echoing Celebrian's sentiment, he realized that he wanted another child. He felt incomplete as he thought about his sons. With them reaching their majority, they were learning to make adult decisions and live with the responsibilities that adulthood would bring. It was too soon for them to grow up. Elrond missed the little arms that would wrap about his neck…he missed the look of adoration that the elflings gave him when they settled down at night for stories…If the truth were to be known…he even missed the swaddling…but he would never admit this to anyone – even Celebrian. As he reached his study, he sat for a few minutes and thought about his day. After looking at his schedule which Erestor had laid out the night before, he realized it was a quiet day…with nothing more pressing than sitting in on a couple of trade meetings with the men from Bree and planning crops with the farmers in the outlying parts of the valley. In a sudden rush of delicious revolt, Elrond knew that he wanted to do something else for the day. He gracefully rose from his desk, and then walked purposefully out of the house to the training fields to start implementing his plan. When he saw the golden haired elf in the distance, he smiled…he was going to owe Glorfindel a large debt for what he was about to ask of him. Glorfindel glanced up when he heard the soft footfalls of his friend. Indeed, something was up if the Lord of Imladris was coming to the fields this early. He quickly dispatched his student with a nicely executed hip throw and ordered the group of trainees to continue the lesson so that he could meet his friend in privacy, away from the hearing of his young group of students – Lord Elrond's sons included. He quickly made himself presentable and walked over to Elrond who stood patiently on the sidelines. "Good Morning, Mellon nin. Is all well before the break of fast?" he greeted quietly. "Good Morning, Glorfindel…Ai, all is fine, but I wanted to talk with you briefly before we met at the table with the family, " Elrond answered quickly to alleviate his Captain's quiet apprehension. Elrond looked beyond Glorfindel and watched his sons for a few moments. They were so graceful as they interacted with the other trainees; where the motion of one would stop, the other would pick it up and continue it seamlessly into another technique. "My Lord?" Glorfindel ventured. Seeing his friend lost in a brief moment of contemplation, Glorfindel paused, then called to Elrond again and broke into his thoughts. "They really are beautiful to look upon, Glorfindel. This dance that they weave is reminiscent of how we used to fight…You are training them well, my friend." "Ai, they move with the grace born of two who are one. Thank you, Elrond, but I sense there is more to this conversation than the admiration of your sons…" "You are right, my friend. There is. I want to spend some time with Celebrian today, away from the House. She has been feeling restless of late, and I thought that a change of scenery would be good for her." "Indeed. The lady has been more mischievous of late. She has been teaching the twins new pranks, like salting my tea and spicing my honey cakes with cayenne rather than cinnamon. A day away might be good for her, before she dresses in a tunic and comes to the field to 'practice' like she used to do with Erestor." Glorfindel shuddered at the thought of the lady with a bow. It wasn't that she was a bad shot, but, the last time she shot, Erestor was nearly parted with his Fea when the arrow narrowly missed his throat. All in all it would have been considered a good shot – had she not been aiming for a target nearly 10 yards away. To her credit though, she was distracted by Elrond impulsively nibbling her ear while he was helping her aim; but still, he did not wish to see the Lady of the House on the field again, at least until the next millennia approached or Numenor was risen from its watery tomb. "Given that you agree, Mellon-nin; I have a great favor to ask of you, " Elrond started. He waited for his friend and captain to agree before continuing. When Glorfindel nodded, he sprung his request. "I would like to take her on a private picnic and wondered if you would keep the twins busy, perhaps take them out hunting today, all day, as far away from the Reflecting Pool as possible?" "Mmm. All day hunting with the twins. Elrond, do you know what you ask? They are barely into their majority and still carry many elfling traits. Ai, my friend, it is a large request you make. Can I take Erestor as well? He is the best tracker I know and we can make this into a practical lesson and keep them busy." "Thank you, Glorfindel. You have whatever resources you require. I just want to give my wife an enjoyable day." With a smile, Elrond left his friend on the field and turned back to the House. He walked swiftly and considered his next step. With part one of his plan achieved, Elrond now needed to approach Erestor with the second phase of his plan. He found the Seneschal in his private office off the library, working on a trade agreement for the Edain of Bree. Knowing that his friend would be less than amused with the interruption, he balanced a tray of lemon tea with honey and knocked softly. Erestor looked up in surprise to see who would interrupt him at such an early hour. Seeing his Lord at the door with a teapot did little to