Author's Note I do not own Harry Potter, all characters belong to the talented J.K Rowling. So to begin with, I'd like to tell you guys about my plans for this story. The plan is for this to be a Harry/OC story. I want them to gradually fall in love. I don't want it to be the usually lets go to the Yule ball as friends and then realize oh we actually like each other. I personally think that plot has been overused and it gets really boring reading the same type of story. This one will have little things that change the way that Harry and Laurel look at each other, and yes they will go to the ball together, but knowing that it will be their first date kinda thing. I was thinking of maybe adding a soul bond, but I don't know yet, maybe if I can think of some interesting ways that they can use it for, maybe Laurel gets Harry's ability to talk to snakes and Harry gets some talents of Laurels which you will find out about in time. Like I said, there will be changes. Also this story will defiantly not be about an OC character that just steals Ron's and Hermione's lines. But you probably already figured that one out. I love Harry Potter and want to do this story proud and I hope you guys like it. Reviews are welcomed as well as any ideas you have or thoughts towards the story. As long as you respect the story and myself, negative comments are welcome, but please be nice. You aren't here to judge. We're all here because we love Harry Potter! I also forgot this story is starting from book four. I just find that by the time you get through the first three books in a fanfic it gets kinda boring. There's nothing you can really change in the first three that will change the story that much. Maybe Harry is believed about Sirius being innocent. I couldn't really think of any reason to include them. Maybe if I finish this story I might go back and write the story on the first three. Here goes! I hope you enjoy. Please review and let me know what you think. ~Briane94 Chapter 1 The Perfect Dress Dear Harry, How are you? I hope your family wasn't as bad as they were last summer. It must be dreadfully hard to try and finish all your assignments and such while having to take on the responsibilities of a house elf. If you'd like to come over for a week or so before going to the Weasley's, Mom doesn't mind. She even encourages you to come over so that you can get your assignments finished on time, so you won't do them at Ron's. I can just see the two of you saying you'll do it later and having to stay up all night after the feast to finish it all. It's up to you though, if you'd like I can come pick you up Monday. Does 1 o'clock sound alright? Let me know. I'm doing fine as well; it's been great here at home. Mom isn't here a lot, she's always working, but I don't mind. I've finished all my assignments (not before Hermione though) and I'm going through the textbooks for the fourth year. It looks pretty hard compared to last year, but the potions textbook looks really exciting. I'm also staying at Hermione's for a couple of days. I'm meeting her today at the Leaky Cauldron. It's going to be so much fun! Did you notice that you need dress robes this year? We'll be going shopping to find ours. I wonder why we'll need them. But I guess we'll find out soon enough. I'm so excited for the Quidditch World Cup! I can't wait. Mom got Hermione and I tickets as well! Right next to you and the Weasleys, in the top box. It's going to be great. Mom also wrote to Mr. Weasley and asked if it was alright if we came along with you, so we'll be staying at the Burrow as well. I know that neither I nor Hermione are big fans of Quidditch, but still its a once in a lifetime chance to see it. Well, its almost time for me to leave. I hope you can come over next week! Love, Laurel P.S. Have you heard from Padfoot? I hope he's OK as well. Send him my regards. ~O~~~~~~~O~~~~~~~O~ Smiling to herself, Laurel sent the letter off with her mother's owl Apollo, a beautiful red owl with brilliant orange wings. With a hoot, the owl took flight and exited the house from the open living room window. Looking at the time, Laurel swore mentally and quickly dashed upstairs through the main foyer and turned right towards her wing of the house to get changed. She was so going to be late. Why did her house have to have so many stairs? It wasn't really what you considered a house, more like a mansion, but because of the ancestral magic throughout the house from thousands of years of wizards and witches, the house had many charms and enchantments that deterred anyone, not of Flamel blood. Most ancient and noble houses were the same, it was a tradition to live and grow up in the ancestral house. Almost out of breath from the workout, Laurel quickly changed into the clothes she had laid out, light blue jeans paired with a blue blouse with lace on the short sleeves and cream colored flats. Going to her mirror she quickly brushed her hair and looked at herself in the mirror. Her usual face was reflected; golden blonde hair that fell to her shoulders in soft waves, light blue eyes and lightly tanned skin from spending more time in the sun than she usually did at Hogwarts. With a last quick assessment, she deemed herself ready, grabbed her handbag, and went down to the fireplace in the formal living room. Checking that her wand was in fact in her wand holster (just in case, you never know when you might need it) and that she had her shrunken bag safely in her pocket, she grabbed a handful of Floo powder and stepped into the fireplace. "The Leaky Cauldron," she said as the green flames erupted from the fire, sending her spinning around until she landed on solid ground once again. Grimacing at the soot on her shirt, she reached out to grab her wand before a familiar voice said "Scourgify." "Hermione!" Laurel shouted as she hugged her best friend. "I hope I'm not late, I did try to get here on time but it took longer than I thought to write to Harry, and then I just started thinking about the fourth year and what it's going to be like." "I only just got here myself, I lost track of time while rereading my charms assignment. I can't believe I almost missed an error on my paper," Hermione stated while frowning at the thought of a mistake. Laurel looked at her friend. Her hair was longer, and like Laurel, she had a slight tan from being outside more. Hermione looked great. She had gotten taller, and now that her front teeth were smaller, she really showed off her smile. "At least you noticed it before you handed it in," Laurel replied while trying to hide a smile at her friend's antics. "Are you excited? We have to find our dresses first, and then I'm thinking shoes and jewelry, then lastly Madam Cheri's beauty salon for hair products and pins." "As long as we can stop at the bookshop on the way out. How long do you think all this should take? I told my mom to pick us up around four." "That's fine. The dresses shouldn't take too long to find at Twilfitt and Tattings. You'll see." As they walked they chattered about random things, how Hermione's studying was going, what they'd be doing at her house for the next couple of days. Laurel was really curious to see what a muggle house looked like and what her family did for fun. Hermione has also just gotten back from a camping trip in the forest of Dean and was trying to explain how Muggles chose to sleep in "medieval huts" for fun. "Here it is." she gestured at the formal looking dress shop. Upon entering they were greeted by a witch in formal robes. "Hello, my name is Victoria and I'll be assisting you today," The woman smiled at Laurel and Hermione while herding them further into the store. "Hi, I'm Laurel and this is Hermione. We're looking for dress robes," Laurel said as Hermione nodded at her name. "Hogwarts I take it. We've had a few students already come in throughout the week needing dress robes. You've come to the right place. Now have you both been here before?" "I have," Laurel said. "I haven't," Hermione said. "Why?" "That's alright dear; it's easy enough to understand. We do things differently here. It's quicker than your normal dress shopping. We found it took ages for customers, especially witches, to find the right dress. So the owner, Madam Bella, developed an ingenious way for customers to find the right robes. You notice that we don't have racks of dresses and robes all around the shop." "Yes, where are the clothes?" Hermione asked, noticing this for the first time. "It's because once you step into the dressing room, you can tell the mirror what you want, it will give you choices, and show you what you'll look like in each one. Then we can find the ones you like and you can try them on in person to see if you like the fabric and fit. It takes less time, and it's more fun," Victoria finished. She laughed a bubbly giggle and led them both into different dressing rooms. Laurel stepped inside as the deep purple curtain closed automatically. "Just give me a shout when you've found something you like and you'll grab it for you." Laurel looked around. The room was pretty nice, it had been redone since the last time she'd been here. The room was painted a soft cream, and lights were attached to the full-length mirror. A plush chair was seated at the corner of the room along with a table and fresh glass of water. Laurel called out to Hermione. "Let me know when you've found something and I'll come and see it." "Same to you", was her reply. Looking back at the mirror, she stepped in front of it and watched as her image looked back at her. "Now dearie, what are we after today?" an older woman's voice said. "With that lovely golden hair, you should go for blue tones, a darker royal blue or a light baby blue." "Mmm, I think I might try light blue." As she watched, the mirror swirled and came to a rest with her wearing a light blue dress, long sleeved with lace trim on the edges of the dress. "No, maybe something less mature, and silver in the dress." Again the mirror swirled and rested with another dress, this time a lighter blue, almost white, with a silver pattern around the bottom of the skirt. It was closer to what she was looking for, but it still wasn't right. "You're getting closer, but it's just missing something." The mirror swirled again, and she saw the dress that she knew was the one that she was going to wear. The dress was light blue and silver in color, sleeveless, with a high neckline. The top was sheer at her chest but in a nonrevealing way, with a lighter blue and silver pattern that reminded Laurel of a frozen river covered in snow. A silk ribbon was wrapped around the top of her waist, separating the top part of