Disclaimer: Meyer owns the characters and anything familiar, everything else is mine. I would also like to thank my beta reader. This is my first story so constructive criticism is welcomed! I couldn't help but stare at the ceiling while laying on the bed, doing the most mundane yet miniscule thing I could think of. I, Bella Sw-Cullen, was counting the tiles on the ceiling and the specks on each one…. Out . Of . Boredom . My mind had emphasized each word for me in its own bold print. I'm not even sure when it first started, the moment where being a vampire just didn't seem worth it. Perhaps it was sometime after the bliss was gone. Or maybe during a quiet moment with my husband when I couldn't think of one thing to talk about. Not one thing. I had everything that I wanted, how hard could it be to just start a conversation? When did it become so hard? Jake and I… I couldn't go there because I already knew where that road would lead. Another fight. Another argument. Another look that says "I told you so by your ex best friend" My mind loved to remind me of that. What I wouldn't give for just a few moments to close my eyes, sleep and have the thoughts disappear just for a little while. I honestly missed just sleeping. Regardless of how soft the sheets were – be it designed in some fancy country by a designer whose name I couldn't pronounce yet - Edward told me in a few centuries it wouldn't matter anyway. I don't know why that bothered me. Forever seemed perfect but now… Now what? Maybe it was the boredom over the fact that there was a subject that I had to retake in school where they had miscalculated. Edward wanted to sue and Alice wanted to come up with some elaborate scheme. She said she even saw it working but seeing as though I would one day have to repeat classes anyway, I thought I might as well get started and actually do it. Why didn't anyone tell me just how boring it is? I knew this. I knew that. What was the point I was making again? And I would honestly have to start high school over again? Doesn't sound so great now does it? My mind asked, to which I inwardly growled. Between Jake's and Rose's looks of I told you so , that was enough without my mind agreeing with me too. "Might as well get up..." I couldn't help the unnecessary sigh. I was beyond frustrated, just because I couldn't sleep and now, at the mirror, I wasn't even impressed at what I was looking at anymore. I was perfect. No brush needed, no bath, no real need to get ready. My brown curls were framing my face perfectly as though I never laid down at all. No makeup needed nor any touching up was required. I was perfect. A year ago, this still amazed me. Now, it just reminded me of all the things I gave up and the little things that I wouldn't mind doing. So what did I do? I brushed my teeth. "Love…what are you doing?" I could hear the tone in Edward's voice before he was even close to me, before that velvet tone would have me melting. Now it was just a voice. Unlike Jake's who still has an effect on you , my mind spoke out, making me brush my teeth harder as though I could wipe it all away. The venom included. "Brushing my teeth" I spit out the toothpaste and ignored the sick feeling from the slight bit of paste that I swallowed. "Bella you realize that is not needed and you may make yourself sick." It was hard but I held back the comeback that was forming, as I clenched my teeth together. I tried to wash my mouth out with water, which only made it worse, but still I stood tall ….or as tall as I could at my small height to stare back at my husband. This seemed to be the norm for us now. Me trying to do or hold on to those little things that made me human or at least feel that way again. Him reminding me that I couldn't. Even with the truth behind his words, I still wanted to rebel. Yet my body made the choice for me quickly and on Edward's shoes. "Edward..." I was about to apologize as the smell of vomit made me cover my nose and mouth. "I tell you these things for your own good Bella", he interrupted which made me go quiet instantly. He went to change and clean up as I watched while saying nothing at all. I know he was taking my quiet as me giving up on the subject, but inside I was seething. I'M A VAMPIRE NOW! I wanted to scream at him while also reminding him that I was now on his level and his equal. Yet, I also wanted to scream at him that he didn't need to protect me from myself anymore or whatever other ideas he had in his mind. But I was trying to pick and choose our battles, we already been having them a lot lately. Perhaps it was bad that now his mouth was moving and I was honestly tuning it all out in favor of imagining him being thrown out of a window by my self. A bit overboard but at the moment, I honestly cared less. "Bella are you listening?" "Hmm?" Okay so maybe tuning out was not the best option to do. "Of course Edward." Funny that I agreed with no clue to what I was agreeing to, but it was one less argument to have. I gave him a smile, and he rewarded me with a kiss. I honestly felt as though it was a reward more than anything, because he looked way too pleased at my answer. It was nothing but perfect and I honestly hated it now. "So will you be going now?" he asked while looking as though he was about to leave. What is he talking about? I was trying hard to hide the look of confusion on my face. Over the years, either I become a better liar or Edward still had trouble figuring me out. I wanted to believe it was the first one more than the other. My mind started up again. Why? Because Jake would have known and called you out on it? I tried to inwardly growl but I must have given off my frustration because Edward looked perplexed a moment then as though he understood my issue. Did he? That was a fear of mine and another reason I didn't dare lift my shield. "I know things have been strained between you and Jake." Oh God…where was he going with this? What in all that is crunchy did I miss in my inner musings and tuning out? "But with how things will one day progress…" No. No. NO. I refuse. I refuse to discuss it. I refuse to acknowledge it any more than I have to. I didn't want to even think about it if I could escape it. But of course, I can't have that. Why would I be able to? I, Bella Cullen, just had to have it all and I got it in one sweet sickening package that I now felt was disgusting in the way that Edward could be fine with it. He was fine with it while I could barely manage to come to terms with it for any extended period. "For Renesmee's benefit, I feel it would be best if you and Jake stabilize your friendship. It would be in the best interest of both parties of course. In the long run it will make things easier for her when the time comes." He did not…just… He was honesty telling me to fix the broken pieces of a dead friendship to make it easier on everyone? On who ? Who exactly would benefit from this? Had anyone seen Jake lately, because I hadn't. I saw a shell. The once sunny boy that I knew was gone, and in its place was this brooding man who had built up tension and a wall every time we were in a room alone with each other. All the easiness was gone along with Jake 'n Bells. I don't know what hurt more. The way all that was gone, or the amount of time he spent with my daughter and her being the only one who could make him smile. Sadly that smile was nowhere near the one he used to give me. I broke him. I couldn't even deny it if I tried. Yet here my husband was in a bathroom with me, worried about appearances and making things run smoothly as though it was a business plan and not a failed relationship. But what argument could I even make? No, thanks Edward, I broke him enough. No, thanks Edward, why don't I just rub it in his face more that he has my daughter as some consolation prize? Wait… I took a good look at Edward right then. He gave off a crooked smile while his fingers touched my cheek "I wish I knew what was going on in that mind of yours." No Edward you don't. You really, really don't. "I'm going to go eat." It was an escape, but I knew Edward wouldn't know it. He still saw me as a puzzle to figure out. "Good. I will let Jake know. I'm glad you realized that I am only looking out for your best interests, love." He looked relieved, and it was starting to click in my head what exactly he had wanted me to do. He actually wants me to hunt with Jake to bond. Jake who hated vampires still. Jake who disliked the whole vamping out thing. Jake who once looked at me after a hunt and I swore I saw disgust. I wanted to cry that day ,even more knowing that I couldn't. Suddenly, I didn't want to go and the window was slowly starting to say Do it. Do it. Just one little shove. I half expected Jessica to appear, telling me all the cool kids were doing it. You know you want to. Peer pressure. Peer pressure. Ignoring the urge, I decided to just let it go. I would not fight him today. I would not argue. Instead, I took off running out the house, a blink to any normal eye but I knew he would do as he said and soon I would have Jake nearby. He could say no to Edward, but inwardly I knew if Edward wished for something to happen he would make sure of it. I grimaced and started to think of that window again even with the trees I was passing and with me no longer near it. I shouldn't be thinking this way. I thought to myself while sitting at the base of a tree. I could see it all, and hear the sounds of wildlife. The life around me, the vibrant colors of nature stood out even more but thoughts of earlier hit me and I couldn't help it as my mind ranted. It's not his fault that perfection was becoming more and more enemy number one. It wasn't his fault that I couldn't enjoy the normal mom moments, and it felt like if I blinked I missed months of my daughter's life. A memory hit me of wanting to teach her to ride a bike, and how I learned a couple of things. I had done all the preparations before Rose could take over, or Jake took up her time. I researched online and talked to other mothers. That part made me wince. They all had so much to talk