Twilight Of the Trees Summary: Something is threatening to lead the trees of Middle Earth into extinction. Their disappearance could in turn threaten all other inhabitants of Middle Earth. In order to save the trees Legolas will have to fight not only to get others to help him but to figure out how to stop it. The decimation of the trees is affecting him though – as one very connected to nature his existence is impacted by their fading life force. As their life force wanes his weakens as well. Others from the Fellowship are drawn into the fight and they uncover a sinister element at work. Now all of their lives are in danger. Characters: Mainly Legolas & Aragorn. Others from the Fellowship are involved. Warnings: Angst. Adventure. ** Possible character death.** l-00X00-00X00-0000000000XXXXX00000000000-00X00-00X00-l Twilight Of The Trees A Lord Of The Rings Fanfiction by endlessmaze Chapter One The breeze playfully rustled the leaves in the early morning air. Legolas' bright eyes peered up at the roof of the forest spread out against the sky overhead. He found great joy in watching the way nature's children interacted with one another. The way that the winds tickled the maple leaves and made them dance in midair. How the sunlight sparkled on the surface of a flowing river and accentuating its tempo and the bends and dips that came in its journey. And the way raindrops sculpted the earth one by one as they fell from the clouds. Their moisture creating interestingly shaped puddles and small crooked trails down along hillsides. It saddened his heart to know that not all beings appreciated these things but at the same time he was uplifted by the thought of how it felt like a beautiful secret that he was allowed witness to share. He was privy to the wonders which nature held within it. He was honored to be allowed this gift. The elf's lips parted and he breathed in deeply. All the many fresh and sweet scents of an early morning in the wood greeted his lungs then journeyed deep into his soul. "Le hannon, my friends, you have rejuvenated me in my journey today," he offered quietly to his surroundings and all things in it. The grateful words completed he lowered his gaze back to the stream where he stood, perched upon the large rock that split the water down the middle between the bank on either side. The stream was deeper than it usually was this time of year. But this was not surprising as there had been an extended spell of rain not long ago. The rock on which he stood was submerged in water nearly entirely spare the narrow top which he easily balanced upon. His eyes looked downstream as far as his elven eyesight would allow him to see. The woods were bustling with activity. The summer day had dawned and delivered a brilliantly clear blue sky and the sun's rays peeked down through the treetops, landing upon the forest floor with its abundant brightness and warmth. A strange slight noise drew Legolas' attention away from the sunlight and back to the stream's bank. It was a curious thing he found to be the source of the sound. An extremely petite and unfamiliar bird was standing near the water's edge a little further down along the stream. The noise had been so light in the air that if it had not been for his exceptional hearing he would have missed it. He was glad that he had since the sound had not been a natural sound for the little creature – it was not a joyous tweet or sweet trill or any of the other song of any bird he had ever heard. The bird had emitted what might have only been described as a whimper. The elf studied the bird for a moment. At first the creature remained very still with its head perked up out over the river then it began to move forward but the steps were clumsy and sluggish as if made by a baby bird and not a grown one. The little creature's head tucked down in towards its body as it attempted to keep going along the bank but making arduous progress of it. Concern welled up in Legolas. The bird appeared to be injured although from a distance there was no obvious wound. He would have to get a closer look. With one leaping long stride he landed on the side of the stream where the bird stood. Legolas moved silently and slowly towards the little creature but even so when he neared it seemed to panic. This again concerned the elf since normally he could simply lay a hand open and have a bird land or climb on it. But this little one was spooked upon noticing his presence. "It is well, little one. I do not wish to harm you," he whispered so faintly it was barely perceivable in the air around them. Still unsettled the bird turned the other way and attempted to scramble away but his movements were overwhelmingly shaky and this resulted in it simply stopping and freezing in its spot. Closer now Legolas could see that the bird was black as a starless night. From his perch on the rock in the stream the creature had appeared more of a dark blue – perhaps a trick of the sunlight. It was odd to see a bird such a hue. He also noticed that there still seemed to be no visible injury. He wondered what might being ailing it. Now within a few feet of the bird the elf stopped and pondered a moment. If it was injured he did not wish to distress the little one by chasing it down. He decided to make himself less of a threat and a bit more welcoming. Very slowly he lowered himself to the ground and lay on his stomach in the warm grass so he no longer loomed overhead. He slipped his right hand out from beneath his body. Laying the arm out on the earth in front of himself he opened his hand with the palm open to the sky. Then motionless he waited. At first it was merely a stand off with neither moving – neither certain of the outcome of this encounter. Although eager to tend to the creature Legolas resisted the urge to rush this along. The bird had perked its beak up again and another sad noise came out. Then it turned its petite head this way and that. Perhaps in hopes of securing escape or to ensure no other threat resided there. The elf was not sure of which one it truly had been. Finally looking back towards the golden haired being before it yet another sound of distress arrived from it into the air. The bird turned away from the elf after a few heartbeats and half staggered half hopped in the other direction. The little bird did not get very far before he came up upon the thick rugged cluster of rocks along the stream's edge. It stopped and looked about again, including back towards where the other creature lay in the grass, seemingly weighing its options. Then suddenly as if taking action before the choice released its hold once again the petite bird scurried back towards the elf only slowing when it stood less than two inches from the outstretched fingertips. Legolas gazed warmly at the creature and it gazed back. The elf breathed in and out very slowly not wishing for the slightest of noises to scare away the skittish bird. When he had reduced his intake so much that he nearly held his breath the bird braved the last few steps that separating their bodies. Legolas fought back a laugh as the bird wobbled up and across his hand to the far side and back. The tiny claws tickled his skin but he wanted the creature to trust their present calm connection and not be startled by the laugh that would have inevitably made his body slightly tremble. The bird seemed satisfied that no harm was coming his way by the elf and stopped in the center of Legolas palm. They gazed at one another for a moment. After a little visual study Legolas could then tell that in fact the petite bird was not really black in color after all. Some kind of substance covered the bird's feathers and body. It resembled soot in color and textured but was slightly shinier. He wondered how the creature had become thoroughly cloaked in the substance. Not immediately coming up with an answer he sent the question into the air very quietly. "What trouble have you gotten yourself into that has left you in this predicament?" Legolas asked. The response was a stomp of the bird's tiny claw into the palm of his hand. "What are you trying to say? Claiming this to be not of your own doing?" The bird immediately flapped its wings furiously several times. "This story is familiar to me. A tale I well know. It is a claim my friend Aragorn has insisted upon many a time. He is very skilled at finding trouble to get into and often requires assistance in freeing himself from it." The creature responded with a quick harmless peck of the beak to the elf's skin. "I shall give you the benefit of doubt my small friend for I know Aragorn all too well and have only now met you." With this settled for the time being Legolas went from laying flat in the grass to standing in one smooth effortless motion. The little bird looked around from its newly found perch but did not attempt to depart. "Now the need for a bath I must say is a truth you have in common with my friend Aragorn. For when he comes out of these scrapes of his he looks terribly disheveled." The bird made no action to indicate that he disagreed. "Mayhap you are not so like Aragorn as you appeared for he certainly would have take opposition to such an observation." The pair fell into silence as Legolas carried the bird to a shallow pool of water created by a ring of rocks at the water's edge. With all the gentleness of his elven heritage he delicately and diligently helped remove every trace of the strange soot like substance from the little bird's body and feathers. This cleansing revealed the beauty of what existed underneath. As the blackness came away green the shade of jade arrived and shone brightly in the sunlight. There were subtle hints of silver and golden brown amongst other hues. Legolas had never seen a bird with these colors and markings. It was not native to the lands of which he knew intimately. Having completed the bath the elf lifted the bird from the pool and carried it to a nearby tree. He placed it on one of the lower branches which were at about his eye level. The little creature fluttered its wings to shake out any remaining moisture and danced happily about on the bark of the branch. "I must be off now, little one. My journey calls me back to it. Mayhap now that you are released from that blackness you are aided in your flight home. I wish you safe passage to what ever destination that may be." With the departing words the elf swung up onto his horse and encouraged the animal to head off. His journey was simple message delivery. Normally this would have been handled by his father's fleet of fine messengers but Legolas had needed an excuse to go on an extended ride. It was summer and he felt the need to stray and explore outside the confines of his usual daily travels. He could be very persuasive when he wished to be and his father had given in to his contrived reasoning that he