Eclipse of The Moon Series 1: Pink Friday By Sheryl Collins Roberson "Then the eyes of both of them were opened, and they knew that they were naked:" Genesis "The Holy Bible" Larkspur Flowers: Infidelity The letters I have written to Hunter had been very long since I know that my emails will not reach him. He is planning everything to come to America. It has been hard to break the heart of the one alpha female wolf he knew as a companion. In fact the entire pack of the female is very mad that I am Flower. It's almost like they wish I never existed here on earth. We have found ourselves a few miles from the place mom call nowhere. Since I grew at such a rapid speed we could not just go back to Beaumont. The coven is only a few hours away and official birth certificate was made for me by the Werewolf Counsel in England. It's funny I was born right here in America but nevertheless I am back home awaiting Hunter. Houston is nothing like Beaumont. There are tons of highways leading everywhere. I met a close friend who has just move from Forks, Arizona. Renesmee has been such a good friend. A few of the other werewolves told me I would love to hear her story. In fact we almost lived the same life but her prince charming is here with her. The Native American tribe hate the fact that her lover Jacob is wanting to marry a skin walker. Well Renesmee is half human and skin walker. A half vampire and half human. It was funny because I am not even half human but what the benefits gives me as a werewolf. My mother Penny was a witch and father Jave a werewolf. I was happy she felt it was such an honor to meet me. I was happy to know that she sees Hunter coming into my life since I made a huge imprint on him in England. I guess that is why I still write not knowing if he gets the letters or not I find myself sitting waiting by the phone for that one time I speak to him. Renesmee is like my best friend. Mom joke around that she's another Stormy. Renesmee is not wild nor do she know magic. I just hope that Hunter get here soon. That soon is not never. "Flower, I know one day he will get one of the letters you mail this week." my mother remarked opening the door. "I just wanted to put my nerves at an ease. " I put down the pen on my paper while mother hugged me tightly. "This was plan for centuries and faith nor fate has nothing to do with your destiny." mother held me close as I thought about the time standing before the Werewolf Counsel when the pack of the alpha male made a pled for Hunter to be with her till she die. It is true one day she will die. Since I am Flower I will live to the day of my destiny has end or maybe my heart weight light. It was sure to keep father alive. We could hear him during the midnight hours our last few days in England fighting the forest. Everyone knew he has never been that angry since the time way before our time in Egypt. "Your friend is here and now you have your real slumber parties of people you chosen." mother said patting me on the shoulder. Jacob was going back for just a few days to see everyone. I felt really human to actual have a friend spend girl time. It was actually girl talk about men. Most of all I wanted to help change the mind of the tribe. Renesmee mother Belle felt a little envy and was totally against them being together. Maybe somehow though the tons of Book of Shadows we could change their minds. I thought about bring great grandmother to Forks to talk to her mother. The feeling for father Edward had change about Belle after visiting Vienne. He had found another female who grew attached to him and for the time he was studying aboard for a few months another college woman enter in. Jacob spend a lot of time as the norm helping out with Belle and Renesmee. Belle felt herself growing back to him as before when Edward first left. Jacob shared intimately that his feeling for Belle was all gone after he laid eyes on her. It bought him to his knees and he saw them running freely together as a couple. That he felt that the whole reason of him ever meeting Belle was Renesmee and this whole treaty thing would end like we have here. Everyone roam freely under the rules of the human man and each leader of the world not known to mortals. That is why I was born. I will help to bring all leaders under one rule and one government that human man and monster will live side by side. "Ms. Shehata is pretty cool." Renesmee replied as I walked down the stairs. "She's only twenty- one with a daughter almost her age." I replied walking toward Renesmee to give her a hug huge. "Belle is going to be younger than me forever since my kind do grow old as humans." she gave me a hug back. Renesmee always wants to make sure that she leaves an imprint. That is fine with me. We walked to the study of the home where we kept tons of history books of magic. Some spells past down for centuries in the coven and voodoo. I was lucky that the coven allow me to have a few from every witch. The area was always dim with a few lights, cauldrons, and many spell items. " I know nothing about magic, this is so strange cause vampires actually are given powers naturally." Renesmee said picking up a few interesting items. " That is how the human witch stay stronger than the immortals because they have learn to capture every power that is known to man." I threw one book aside in search of the perfect spell. "I hope my mother doesn't love Jacob." The room grew in silence. I felt the shape pain in her chest stable her as she softly press light on her blouse. Edward had cheated on Belle though love making with another vampire he knew long time ago. She was not just any college woman. The love for Belle had not drifted away entirely from him. I could see the past very clear watching for a moment. My powers was never limited to seeing the future but also seeing the past. Edward had enough love in heart for both of them. It was hard for him as thou he was dying but never die. He was naked among those who could feel it among the Cullen. He could not love them both the same at the same moment. He would love one and neglect the other. Renesmee should be please that his punishment of going to Vienne will leave cut his heart deep after returning to Belle. "Come on now she's your mom." I sat another book of shadow over to pick up another. "We were riding motorcycles, and that moment when Jacob went into the store to grab a drink for us mother's lips almost touch his." Renesmee sat down pull her hair back out of her face. I stop everything for that moment. Renesmee right eye cried blood and her left eye cried out watery tears. This was such a big mess between these families. A mother torn between to lovers. One trying to protect her of the forbidden apple and the others trying to find love in darkness. The darkness won. A child born between two worlds of vampires and tribal magic werewolves. Long as Edward was beside Belle, she could always use the excuse to not want to be a murderer. If Jacob would taste upon Belle's blood he would lose the magic given to him though the tribe to protect him. He too will be a vampire. "Belle was human when she carried you, and that human love she had for her baby in her womb will never leave her heart even now." I remark as I sat by her trying to see as much as I could though the past. I focus giving her a tissue slowly on that night that she expected Belle's feeling. Belle pull away from her desire or loneness. She just wanted to be console but yet still unsure of Edward. "The spell I am going to be able to communicate to their souls but it will be hard for vampires since they never sleep." I remarked. I knew I could reach tribe's heart but no idea on Edward. "Anything, I am willing to leave behind my father and mother to be with him." she dried her eyes to look me in the face. "Jacob leaving the tribe and you leaving the Cullen might be the answer." "Your father can change Jacob into the werewolf without magic?" she questioned. I was very unsure why she would ask that one question. It was one thing to use magic as the witches do to change into a werewolf but to be curse is eternity. I felt Renesmee vibes about her mother very unpleasant. She would do anything to keep Jacob love for herself. I thought to myself for a moment. This would be a moment for great grandmother wisdom and maybe her meeting Renesmee's parent would help. Maybe magic was not a need at all. "Jacob is going back and invite your parents to come to a gathering." I suggested but this was the only hope for the nocturnal birds. "I guess we should be looking at wedding planners than in a room of books." a smile appeal on her face. "You sound like my grandmother." I shook my head. It was my grandmother to have a big wedding since Penny is known to braking tradition. This give me more time to set up this gathering to speak to mother and everyone. I had time on my hands until Werewolves Counsel sees it is better for Hunter to be home with me for man and monster to walk side by side in harmony. Heart's Ease : Remember Me? It was nice to see great grandmother from New Orleans. She had been visiting Italy for awhile. A few things she had to get off her chest. I never knew what that meant. Mother said never ask her because her kind are not predictable. She embrace me with a hug and kiss like most French people do. "I never forget to bring you something from Europe and you will love it when everything is settle with Hunter." I watched her as she entered the living room. I wanted her here alone. This matter was serious. I did not know how to ask her to a coach of experience between vampires. I did not understand how vampires love. This will give me the opportunity to learn. " Great great grandmother.." she put her finger on my lips. " The great is enough but no one should never hear that from you." it was one of the rules that was kept among us since vampires at anytime they change will go back to adult youth appearance. "Michelle, I need your help to fix to lovers that are your kind." "Love is strange as a human, worst when it's a witch, and dreadful as a vampire." she took off her fur coat and her high heels. " My friend Renesmee family is in trouble." " Vampires seen to desire love like blood. It's hard for others to understand such brutal killers can love deeper than a human man." I watched her drink from her cup.