Disclaimer: I don't own any of the Twilight characters or anything Twilight related. All information belongs to Stephanie Meyer and the Twilight wiki website. I decided to give you my updated version of the Twilight Wiki website. This is not a story, it's my own official guide from the After Breaking Dawn series. Here is the chapter on the Olympic Coven where the new characters are added. I'll post more on the Black Pack, and all of the new character's biography and other things like the website. Enjoy! The Olympic Coven Founding Info: Status: Active Founding Time: September, 1918 Residence: Minneapolis, Minnesota (current location) Helena, Montana Forks, Washington Denali, Alaska Calgary, Alberta Canada Rochester Appalachia Chicago Hoquiam Ithaca, New York Wisconsin Founded by: Carlisle and Edward Cullen Alias: The Cullens Cullen Family Cullen coven Bloodsuckers (by Jacob Black) Cullen Clan Leeches (by Jacob Black) Yellow-eyes (by Bree Tanner) Human lovers (by Detroit Coven) Non-human bloodsuckers (by Garret Walker) Membership Info: Members: Carlisle Cullen (leader) Edward Cullen Esme Cullen Rosalie Hale Emmett Cullen Alice Cullen Jasper Hale Bella Swan Jacob Black Renesmee Cullen Lucas Stone Krystal Diamond Tiffany Stewart Lucina Stewart Jalen Long Bryce Summers Evan Black Sarah Black Lucien Summers Luna Snow Damien Grant Korrina Snow Special characteristics: Special abilities: Edward: Telepathy Bella: Mental shield Alice: Subjective precognition Jasper: Pathokinesis Jacob: Alpha voice, limited telepathy & superior strength Renesmee: Tactile thought projection & shield penetration Lucas: Aura manipulation & aura reading Tiffany: Mental healing & tactile perception Lucina: Metal communication & mental shield Jalen: Tracking sense Evan: Telepathy (human), shield penetration, limited telepathy (wolf), superior strength & Alpha voice Sarah: Thought projection, shield penetration & limited telepathy (wolf) Lucien: Tactile mental communication & mental shield Affiliation: Occupation: Carlisle: Pastor (human life), student, doctor, professor & leader of the Volturi (vampire life) Esme: Teacher (human life), student, architect & co-leader of the Volturi (vampire life) Edward: High school/college student & co-leader of the Volturi (vampire life) Emmett: Hunter, woodsman (human life), high school/college student & Volturi guard (vampire life) Jasper: Major of the Confederate army (human life), second-in-command of the Mexican coven, high school/college student & Volturi guard (vampire life) Rosalie: High school/college student & secretary of the Volturi (vampire life) Alice: High school/college student & Volturi guard (vampire life) Bella: Employee of Newton's Olympic Outfitters (human life), high school student & Volturi guard (vampire life) Jacob: Beta of the Uley Pack (formerly), Alpha of the Black Pack, owner of his shop, employee of Walker Mechanics & Volturi guard Renesmee: High school/college student, employee at Jacob's shop, owner of Twilight and N.B.A.L.S. Cosmetics & secretary of the Volturi Lucas: High school student, ASB president, captain of the swim team, prom king, employee at Starbucks (human life), high school/college student, employee at Jacob's shop & Volturi guard (vampire life) Krystal: High school student & member of the volleyball team (human life), high school/college student & Volturi guard (vampire life) Tiffany: High school/college student, ASB vice president, head cheerleader at high school, prom queen (human life), kindergarten teacher & Volturi guard (vampire life) Lucina: High school student/college student, owner of Twilight and N.B.A.L.S. Cosmetics & secretary of the Volturi Jalen: Poster boy (human life), high school/college student, owner of Long Corporation & Volturi guard (vampire life) Bryce: Waiter at Sky City, high school student and basketball player (human life), high school/college student, writer & Volturi guard (vampire life) Evan: High school/college student, Volturi guard, Alpha of the Black Pack & employee of Walker Mechanics Sarah: High school/college student, Volturi guard, Beta of the Black Pack & yoga instructor Lucien: High school/college student, Volturi guard & high school math teacher Luna: High school/college student, Volturi guard & high school English teacher (vampire life) Damien: Employee of Reebok (human life), high school/college student, Volturi guard & doctor (vampire life) Korrina: Elementary (human life), high school student & Volturi guard (vampire life) Companionship: Denali coven Black pack Uley pack The Swan family The Dwyer family The Stewart family Detroit Coven The Gold family The Pennington family The Snow family The Grant family "And yet, they were all exactly alike. Every one of them was chalky pale, the palest of all the students living in this sunless town… They all had very dark eyes despite the range in hair tones. They also had dark shadows under those eyes—purplish, bruise-like shadows. As if they were all suffering from a sleepless night… Their faces, so different, so similar, were all devastatingly, inhumanly beautiful." Bella on seeing the Cullens for the first time The Olympic coven, more commonly known as the Cullen family, and also known as Cullen clan, or Cullen coven, is a coven of vegetarian vampires. It consists of Carlisle, Esme, Alice, Emmett, and Edward Cullen, as well as Rosalie and Jasper Hale. The coven was soon joined by Bella Swan along with her and Edward's vampire hybrid daughter Renesmee Cullen. Later in the series, Lucas Stone, Krystal Diamond, Tiffany Stewart, her vampire hybrid daughter Lucina Stewart, Jalen Long and Bryce Summers are also introduced into the coven and Jacob Black joined the coven through his marriage with Renesmee. In Long Live Life, Jacob and Renesmee's children Evan and Sarah Black and Lucina and Bryce's son Lucien Summers joined the coven followed by Luna and Korrina Snow and Damien Grant. Twelve of the twenty two members are supernaturally gifted, three are shape-shifting werewolves and Carlisle, Edward, Lucas, Jalen, Lucien and Evan are the only ones who changed at least one member of the coven to become a vampire. (A/N: History from the early lives starting from Carlisle's to Renesmee's can be read from the wiki website.) A New Life Lucas Stone: Eight years has passed since the confrontation with the Volturi. In the middle of July of 2015, Renesmee and Jacob ran into an 18 year old human boy name Lucas Kendall Stone who was being attacked by a grizzly bear in the woods. After Jacob saved Lucas, unbeknownst to Lucas that it was Jacob in his wolf form at that time, Renesmee took Lucas to the Cullen house where Carlisle fix Lucas's arm and was introduced to the family. When everyone including Jacob notice that Edward, Alice and Jasper weren't able to use their gifts on Lucas, everyone was uncertain if he's considered a threat but after hearing about the loss of his family and getting to know him, they all agreed that Lucas pose no threat and decided to allow him to become part of the family. The next day however while everyone was setting up a surprise welcome party for Lucas, Lucas was hit by a car after he pushed Renesmee out of harm and by the time she and Jacob hurriedly brought Lucas to Carlisle, he was reported 'dead' until Edward somehow heard Lucas's heartbeat but barely which made Jacob give permission to change Lucas. Carlisle bit Lucas and three days later, Lucas joined the coven after becoming a vampire and being told about the world he lives in. In the middle of August, Renesmee was kidnapped by the Volturi where they sent their guards along with their new recruits, May and Niall to assassinate the Cullens and Jacob but because they were unaware about Lucas and thanks to his gift, they survived the assault and found out who's behind it. The Cullens and Jacob arrived to Volterra to save Renesmee only to see that she's 'states' that she wanted to join the Volturi. Lucas then discovered that she's been hypnotized by May and Niall's sister, Olivia and with quick thinking Lucas shot an aura sphere at Olivia thus causing her to lose her concentration on Renesmee to be free. However, Aro refused to let the Cullens walk away and soon everyone minus Lucas was restrained by the guards. Edward soon found out that the Volturi were the ones that caused the death of Lucas's family causing Lucas to go on a rage taking down every guard and member in his way until he reached Aro. Lucas was on the verge to kill him until Carlisle stepped in. Soon Lucas saw a hallucination of his sister Lilly Stone until he blinked to see that it was Renesmee which brought Lucas back to his senses. Aro reluctantly allowed the Cullens and Jacob to leave until Lucas's rage came back causing him to mysteriously go unconscious when vampires couldn't. After they returned to Forks, Lucas left the Cullens without giving any info since his aura blocks Edward and Alice's gifts except saying that he 'had to take care of something.' Fearing that he might be going back to the Volturi, everyone tried to convince Lucas to stay but he refused and left without another word. A week later, Lucas returned to Forks and explained that he went back to Lacey to see his friends before they go to college and visited his family's grave. No needing to ask for permission, Lucas has officially joined the family as a part of their coven. The Other Half & A Reason To Smile Krystal Diamond: A year after living in Forks, Lucas been depressed and he's unsure why. After hearing that he feels like something's missing in his life and the strange feeling, everyone believes that he hasn't found his mate which Lucas believed to be crazy. On the first day of school, Lucas met and fell in love with a 17 year old human girl name Krystal Sapphire Diamond who shared his feelings. They officially got to meet each other when Krystal asked Lucas out to lunch, causing everyone to be very excited, and since then the two of them have become romantically involved. Krystal found out about the Cullens being vampires after she caught Lucas drinking blood from a deer on their first date and to everyone's surprise she said that it was 'cool!' Just like Bella before she got married, everyone accepted Krystal into the family. The Cullens found out that Krystal's father Roark Diamond has been killed by Miley Ray, now a vampire unbeknownst to them at that time and learned that someone is after Krystal which later reveals to be Nahuel's half-brother, Jonathan. His motive is for Lucas to suffer for killing Olivia, who hit a wall caused by Lucas and a torch fell on her, who was Jonathan's mate by killing Krystal. The Cullens tried to protect Krystal but Jonathan managed to succeed right under their noses. After finding Jonathan's location, Lucas found Krystal just in time before Miley and Jonathan prepared to strike. Lucas soon caused a fire and was about to escape with Krystal in his arms, but just as he was in the air, Jonathan yanked him down causing Lucas to drop Krystal where she hit her head on the ground and was 'dead.' After burning Jonathan and finding out that Krystal is still alive but barely, Jacob gave Lucas permission to change Krystal which he did so hesitantly. Two days later, Krystal joined the family as a vampire. At the end from both The Other Half and A Reason To Smile a year later after graduation, Lucas proposed to Krystal and the two were engaged. Happily Ever After A month after the proposal, the Cullens and Jacob's pack helped set up Krystal and Lucas's wedding. After Lucas and Krystal had their bachelor/bachelorette party, the two of them were married and spent their honeymoon together in Paris where they made love to each other. Full Of Surprises Tiffany & Lucina Stewart: Two years after the wedding, Lucas's friend Tiffany Renae Stewart visits Carlisle at his work when she found out she's pregnant. When Carlisle finds out that Tiffany is carrying a half-human and half-vampire hybrid, he took her to his house where he informed everyone about the situation and Edward revealing from Tiffany's mind that the father of her child is Joham. Lucas, who everyone volunteered him for amusement, told Tiffany about he and his family being vampires and the situation she's in and Tiffany agreed to be changed after