AN: New story…IMPORTANT AN ON THE BOTTOM. All things Twilight belong to SM. I could hear the wind howling outside the strange car. When we had past the bank, the huge clock on top of the building flashed a temperature reading of seventeen degrees. If I wasn't afraid of literally freezing to death I wouldn't be sitting in this car with someone I met not ten minutes before. We pulled into an all too familiar alleyway that was hidden in a crack-cocaine fueled neighborhood. I hated what this neighborhood represented in my personal life – failure. When the man finally put the car into park, far enough into the alleyway to not be seen by other drivers or pedestrians, I got a good look at him. He was definitely a blue-collared worker. He certainly wasn't the most horrible looking man I had ever been with, but he had probably seen better days. His hairline was receding and a small beer belly was growing. He was also desperately in need of a good shave as he didn't look good with a five o'clock shadow. There was dirt underneath his fingernails and grease stains on his hands. While his clothes didn't look particularly expensive, they looked sturdy, surely defending him against the cold. I always felt bad when I looked at these men - assessing them in my mind. I wasn't anyone to judge. My hair was matted with dirt and full of knots. My clothes were stained with mud, grass, and even spots of blood. My shoes even talked back to me. My ribs were more than visible and I sported scars and bruises throughout my body. "You ready?" the stranger asked, causing my eyes to shift from his warm looking coat to his eyes. Without waiting for my response, he began fumbling with his belt buckle. I stopped him before he lowered the zipper on his slacks. "Wait." I put my hand up to stop him. "I want the money first." He rolled his eyes but took his wallet out anyway. He handed me a twenty that I quickly folded up and placed in my sock. "Alright." The stranger continued to lower his zipper and drag both his boxers and slacks to his knees at the same time. Thankfully, he was already hard and the deed would go by quicker. I took a deep breath and mentally prepared myself to service yet another nameless man. I licked my lips to make it easier to take him in. I lowered myself and took him in my mouth. Luckily, he wasn't very big and gagging would probably be nonexistent. I grabbed the base of his cock, making it easier on myself to keep his dick steady while I went up and down. I started out slow, having to get used to it in my mouth. Eventually, I picked up my pace, already wanting this to be over. The speed must have spurred him on. He began squirming in his seat, jerking his leg every so often. The stranger placed his hands in my hair, something that I always hated, and started guiding my head up and down, setting the pace that he desired. Another four minutes later, he was showing signs that he was almost finished. I could feel his thighs tense up and he slowed the bopping pace of my head. As he came in my mouth, he held my head down, not allowing any kind of movement and making it hard for me to control my breathing. I let his load fill my mouth, but refused to swallow it. As soon as he released the hold on my head, I quickly opened the door and spit out everything I collected. It was something I was used to already – I didn't even taste in anymore. I would love to say that I fantasized I was with some famous Hollywood actor, giving him the best blow job he's ever had, but that wasn't the case. The moment I had someone's shaft, or on occasion some chick's twat, in my mouth I was like a robot. I just did what I knew they liked and did it until they came. I did it to survive, it was my only reason. Was I a whore? I guess, but if it's what I had to do to survive, then it's what I was going to do. I closed the door to tighten my shabby coat before I left the warmth of the car. It wouldn't matter how close I hugged my tattered coat to me, it would do nothing to protect me from the dangerous cold. I guess I was bracing myself for the cold longer than I thought because the man I just sucked off groaned next to me. "What the hell are you still doing sitting in my car? My wife is waiting for me, I gotta get home." If I was someone else, I might have been surprised that he sought out my services while he had a wife at home, but I heard it many times before. I got out of the car before the stranger could become angry. I had my fair share of beating after "pleasuring" customers. I learned how to handle them – to not show any pain, as it sometimes spurred them on. I hated this part of my life, more than shop lifting, begging, garbage picking, and pick pocketing. However, this was something that provided both money and warmth at the same time. The twenty dollars that I just earned bought me a room for the night. I had to do it tonight. All the shelters were at full capacity and my only other option would be the alley that I was currently walking out of. Fortunately for me, the motel that rented rooms by the hour was down the block. Since I knew the guy – fucked him for a room when I was desperate and broke – he would cut me a break and let me have the room all night for twenty bucks. I walked into the disheveled lobby and up to the bulletproof glass that separated me from James. "I got twenty bucks," I told him, not bothering with any formal greeting. He smiled a sly grin that I've grown to hate; I knew what he was thinking. "Wouldn't you rather save that money?" He licked his lips and looked as if he was trying to see through my shredded coat and clothes. "Not tonight. I'm tired and cold. I just want some sleep." He would be disappointed, but physically and mentally I was exhausted. I probably wouldn't even shower tonight. He tossed me a room key then turned to ignore me, watching whatever was playing on the scrambled, black and white television. Looking at the room key, I saw that I was staying in room seven tonight. I knew this motel like the back of my hand so I found the room quickly. I unlocked the door, throwing the key on the bed and headed to the bathroom. I hated looking in the mirror, but I always did it anyway. The girl staring back at me was someone I hadn't recognized at first but came to know her very well. My cheek was now a yellowish color from a bruise that was now fading. My neck had claw marks on both sides – marks that I knew would become infected - if they weren't already. My eyes were hollow and lifeless, my hair was thin and falling out. I could only take my reflection for so long before I felt the need to throw up. I wasn't always like this; at one point I was actually doing very well for myself. Once upon a time, I was a college student, only a year from graduating. I would have even considered myself pretty. Once upon a time I was happy. Turning from my reflection and memory that were openly mocking me now, I reached out for the travel toothbrush and toothpaste that was always supplied. It was the only amenity that this shitty place provided. I brushed my teeth quickly and scrubbed my tongue until it felt raw and tasted of blood. It was the only way to ensure that I was totally rid of my night activity. I rinsed my mouth and spit, let clean water wash the cheap, plastic toothbrush, and put it safely in my pocket along with the toothpaste. I removed my coat and rested it on the chair that was placed near the door. I took my shoes off and put them under the bed. Hopefully, tomorrow I could say bye to both of these items. Every first Sunday of the month, St. Mark's Church gave away clothes that they collected from the parishioners. It was actually the only way I received "new" clothes. I had no business in that area, except to collect whatever I needed and leave. Not only was it across town, but it was the good part of town. The half hour or so that I was there, the neighborhood people would look at me, and the rest of us who needed the assistance, as if we were lepers and our homelessness was contagious. I threw myself under the rough, stiff duvet; letting the little warmth they provided envelope me. It was only just after eight at night but it could have been two in the morning with how tired I felt. Plus, I had to get up early if I wanted to get to the church in time to be there when the noon mass let out. It was after that service when donated item were handed out. I set the wind up alarm clock for seven, giving me enough time to walk the five miles to the church. I fell into a dreamless sleep, as usual. I couldn't even remember the last time I dreamt. Nightmares came easily, but dreams were something that evaded me. I woke the next morning to the annoying bell like sound coming from the clock next to me. I slapped my hand down on it, effectively silencing the offending object. Even though I slept about eleven hours, I always woke up feeling like I hadn't slept enough. It was never enough. Slowly, I got out of bed and walked over to the bathroom, turning on the hot water that was never very hot at all. Stripping out of my grimy clothes, I stepped into the shower and stood under the spray, hoping it would wake me up and wash away the previous day. When I felt that I was standing there too long, I scrubbed my body and hair with the tiny bar of packaged soap that was left on the soap dish in the tub. I washed my hair as best I could without shampoo or conditioner. I felt somewhat satisfied when I saw the water that washed my hair turn brown and swirl down the drain. After I dried myself, I redressed in the clothes that I'd worn for the past month. Brushing my hair wasn't an option, so I ran my fingers through it as best I could. It was rough, feeling like I had dreadlocks, and I grimaced at the sorry knot that sat at the nape of my neck. I grabbed the key that got knocked off the bed sometime during the night and walked out the door. Walking into the lobby, I tossed the key to James who was preparing to leave from his shift, and didn't bother with a goodbye. I tightened the coat close to my body, hoping to fight off some of the cold. It wasn't snowing, but when I looked up to the sky, the clouds held that grayish color that meant snow and not rain. I had miles to walk and I silently prayed that whatever snow was going to fall fell well after I had my new clothes. With about one mile left