FAGE 9: The Last Ride Title: Son of a Beach Paring: Bella/Jasper Written for: AcrossTheSkyInStars Written By: Cruiz107 Beta'd By: Tammygrrrl (THANK YOU!) Rating: M Summary/Prompt used: Sandy beaches and summer sun As I stepped foot on the hot sand, I was surprised to see that the usually crowded beach wasn't swarming with as many people as I thought it would be. I was sure that it would be overflowing with residents trying to get one more sun tan before school and real life started up again next week. At least, that was part of the reason why I braved one more hoorah before I was shoved back in the library, shelving books for lazy students and finding reference materials for slackers who waited until the last minute to finish a paper. However, the other reason I braved the beach was a little scarier. I hadn't gone to the beach alone in…I didn't even know how long. I was always part of a pair. Not today, though. Today I was single and ready to mingle. Did people still say that? Taking my time by the wooden steps that led to the boardwalk I had just come from, I scanned the sparse beach and looked for the most optimal spot. I may not have come here often enough to know what was considered the best spot, but I knew what I liked. And what I liked was being far enough away from other beach goers who carelessly covered my blanket in sand as they picked their heavy feet up when they walked. Plus, the further away from the water, the less likely a stranger would set up camp right on top of mine. So annoying! Finding a reasonable spot, I quickly hobbled my way through the burning sand. My beach blanket was much too large for one person, but I liked the space – something that I wasn't often granted in past outings. My cooler held down one corner while my towel held the other. I kicked my flip flops off and began undressing myself. I carefully folded my discarded clothing. Nothing was worse than getting dressed at the beach only to find that sand had gotten into every conceivable crease and seam. I guess in reality I wasn't much of a beach person, but I did enjoy the water and the solitude. If I wanted to swim, I could swim. If I wanted to lay in the sun and read, I could do just that. If I wanted to people watch, I didn't have someone over my shoulder asking me what I was doing or who I was looking at. Like I said, it's been a long time since I did the solo thing. It was liberating and freaking scary at the same time. Because it will always be acceptable at the beach, I picked the wedgie these bottoms will give me all day and finally settled on the blanket. Grabbing my sun block, I began slathering the white lotion over my legs. Feeling eyes on me, I looked up to see I had a few men trying to discreetly check me out. I wasn't bothered, though. In fact, I was damn proud. I worked hard for my body. I was never one of those chicks who could eat a double cheeseburger and have everyone wonder where I put it. No, I could tell you exactly where I put it. I loved food and learned that if I wanted to keep indulging myself then I would have to sacrifice the time to make sure I kept it off. Eat hard, work harder, I guess. "Shit," I muttered when I realized I had no one to do my back. It was the downfall of a beach excursion on your own. As I tried to reach behind me to efficiently cover my back, I remembered one of the many reasons why I hated going to the beach alone. I'm sure I looked silly bending my arm backward to at least graze the center of my back with the lotion. "You look like you could use a little bit of help there," a deep but smooth voice drawled behind me. I rolled my eyes at the cheesy line. I turned to let him know exactly what I thought, but found my words caught in my throat. It wasn't just a man standing behind me. It was a pick-my tongue-up-off-the-floor, you-have-a-little-drool-right-there, my-ovaries-just-exploded kind of man. He was the kind of sexy that you saw posted on Facebook by horny housewives. He was the epitome of a wet dream. The bringer of lady wood. He was tall with long blonde hair; floppy man bun on top. Hazel eyes that crinkled slightly as he smiled. His smooth, sculpted chest seemed to glisten in the sun. His abs were of the washboard variety. And his arms. Fuck me, his arms. Arms were kinda my thing. Some girls liked legs, some liked butts, and some liked chests. My weakness was arms. Thick, muscled…tattooed arms. Exactly like the arms I was ogling now. The killing blow came – pun intended – when I let my eyes travel down to the V that was only partially covered by his board shorts. This man was indecently covered and I loved it. I stared long, hard, and completely unashamed. "So…is that a yes? A no?" he chuckled. "Um…uh…o-okay." What the hell was wrong me? I was acting like a horny sixteen year old boy. I'd had sex before. Good sex. Great sex. I mean, it's been a little while, but I was a grown up and able to control my urges. I took a deep breath to center myself like my yoga instructor showed me. I handed him the bottle and rubbed the excess white stuff on my leg. Single, I had to remind myself. I had to get in that mind set. "I would have helped you there, too." His cocky remark and smug smirk should have turned me off. I was a respectable woman, after all. But screw that! There was a beyond beautiful man sitting with me on this hot ass sand that wanted to touch me and I wanted him to touch me. Badly . "The name's Jasper," he introduced with a mischievous twinkle in his eye. "Bella," I responded with a slightly flushed face. This man had the power to invoke giddy feelings that I thought I had shed with my teen years. I sat very still as he took the lotion bottle from my hand and squirt a dollop into his own. Only a low groan escaped while he massaged my back. His hands felt too good to be embarrassed and this was Jasper behind me. "So what do you do, Jasper?" I asked once he wiped the rest of the lotion on his chest. Would it have been wrong of me to offer my chest as his rag instead? Probably. But I couldn't be blamed. "I'm a football player, actually." I let out an unattractive snort. "What's that supposed to mean?" he chuckled curiously. "Nothing." I waved him off. "So what position do you play? Quarterback?" I asked in a mocking voice. I absolutely knew who he was. Besides the fact that my father was a huge football fan, every female knew who Jasper Whitlock was. "Actually…yes. For the New York Giants." I knew my face couldn't hide my amusement. "What are you doing in Washington then?" "Visiting family. Friends." "Are you originally from here?" "I am, as a matter of fact. I grew up in Seattle, went to college in Texas, drafted by New York." He looked very proud of himself – the world traveler that he was. "What about you?" "I'm from Washington. A small town," I informed him simply. "Calm down there, Ms. Talkative. I didn't ask you for your life story," he laughed. Well, I threw sand on his beautifully sun-kissed skin. He laughed harder. "I don't have quite the tale you have. I went to college and became a librarian and part time math tutor. Nothing too exciting." "Well, I think you're fascinating." He had a breathtaking smile. Of course he did. "And I'm sure all your groupies think you're fascinating," I bit back too forcefully than was called for, but jealousy was a bitch so I pressed on. "Any interesting stories you'd like to share?" His amused smile faded quickly. "No. I've never slept with any groupie." He was serious and possibly offended at my insinuation. "I'm sorry," I apologized sincerely. "It's fine." There was tense silence that floated around us and I hated that I caused it. I truly was enjoying his company. I took the moment, though, to fully appreciate his body. It was a magnificent work of art. His muscular body was decorated in tattoos that seemed independent of each other, but flowed together like an intricate poem of the flesh. His hands and neck were free of ink colored scars, but the rest of what I could see spoke on an artistic level that only Jasper could truly comprehend. As I continued to take careful inventory of his body, I spotted two female names. I didn't ask about them, but they were important to him. They had to be for him to have had them etched on his skin permanently. "So when are you heading home, Jasper?" He smiled, grateful for the change of topic. "This weekend, actually. I got a couple of days off from training camp." He leaned down on his elbows. "They ride us pretty hard." "I could ride you harder." My eyes shot open comically wide as my hands flew to my mouth. What the fuck was that! "I didn't mean to say that out loud," I explained. Of course, I didn't think that made the situation better. "Out loud," he muttered with a chuckle. "Good to know." Embarrassed out of my mind, I jumped up from my towel. "I'm going for a swim," I announced. I walked away to the sound of Jasper laughing in the background. Sexy asshole. "Shit!" I yelped in surprise. The water was…fucking freezing. Not even slightly warm. Before I could turn around, strong, colorful arms grabbed me from behind and ran with me further into the water. If I had balls they would have shriveled up and receded up into my body. I yelled to be freed, but the laughing probably prevented anyone from actually rescuing me. His arms, right below my breasts, actually felt very nice. I guess I didn't really want to be rescued. Before I could demand – but not really – that he let me go, he threw us both into the oncoming wave. Bracing for the impact, I held my breath and grasped his arms. With salt water up my nose and burning my nostrils, I came up for air, sputtering water in his cocky looking face. "You just threw me into the water! The freezing water! Are you nuts?" "It's not that cold," he countered, laughing. "I can't swim, either." I knew I wouldn't have drowned but still. Thankfully, he had the decency to look remorseful…between the snickers he tried to hide as coughs. "Here. Let me help you. You're too pretty to drown." I didn't put up much of a fight – or any fight at all – when he grabbed me by my waist and wrapped my legs around his waist. Maybe I should have been more bashful or more reserved, but with no hesitation, my arms went around his neck as he walked us deeper into the water. "You're very friendly," I commented as I stared at his lips. They were right there . "I've been told that before. I like to consider myself more on the helpful side. What kind of person would I be if I let you drown when all I wanted to do was spend a little time with you? That wouldn't really benefit either of us." "That's very altruistic of you,"