FAGE 007 Title: Twice in a Lifetime Written for: Mamafour Dukes on FB / mama4dukes Written By: Cruiz107 Rating: T Summary/Prompt used: James Otto: Just Got Started Lovin' You "Rose," I sighed into the cell phone. "I get that you're worried. I really do, but you need to trust me on this. I wouldn't be here if I thought it was a bad idea. I wouldn't have made this trip." I sighed again. Not out of annoyance at Rose, but out of my own frustration. There was no way to completely and effectively explain to Rose how important this trip was. She wasn't mated and still very young by vampire standards. There was no way of her truly understanding the need , the significance of this trip. "Ma – Bella." I smiled to myself as I pictured Rosalie grimacing and shaking her head like she did every time she slipped and called me Ma. "I'm just…worried, I guess," she murmured into the phone. I expected as much. "What, exactly, has you worried?" "I don't know. Everything maybe. I've just never been without you since you turned me." "Sweetie. I know everything is going to be okay. First off, I left you in the Cullen's care and you know I trust them with my life. More importantly, I trust them with yours. You know if you need absolutely anything you can go to Carlisle and Esme." "I know," she added with a petulance that revealed her frozen age. " And ," I added before she could start whining, "I know you can operate the machines at work. You've done it by yourself before. So really, what is there to worry about?" "I'm just…I'm just going to miss you, Bella. What if you decide not to come back to me? What if you go back to Italy with him? I'll follow you, you know?" she added with vehemence in her voice. "And I don't want to go to Italy, Bella! I like Washington and I want to stay here." I hid deeper into the alley once I noticed that my skin was beginning to glisten in the sun. The scenery around me was getting old but leaving my secure spot was not an option at the moment. I was on a mission and my target would not be emerging from his hotel room for hours. I chanced a quick look up to the fourth floor before turning my back to the street before me. "I miss you, too, Rose. I hope you know this. I don't plan on leaving you. If I could have went about this a different way, than I would have, but I don't see that happening." I wish I could say that I was sad to leave Rose for awhile, but the truth of the matter was that I was eager to leave. I researched and planned and waited. If I didn't take this trip now I didn't know if I would ever have a chance again. "I know." Her sigh was heavy, resolved even. "I have to open up shop in a few." There was nothing but silence, but I waited it out until she was ready to talk again. "Good luck, Bella. I hope I get to meet my…step-father? Step-sire? Soon." I could tell that she was trying to make the best out of a bad situation for her and I appreciated it greatly since I was more stressed and nervous than a normal vampire should have been allowed to be. "Thank you. I promise to call you every day and if you need me for anything you can call me. I'm not shutting myself off from you." "Knock 'em dead, B!" ..ooOOoo.. I watched from the other side of the club. I could smell his distinct scent. The scent that had me salivating and swallowing my venom by the gallons. His jovial demeanor was the same that I had known years prior and even before this life. I had spent the last forty minutes watching him passing up free drinks for dances. He has danced with exactly thirteen different women. All of which had spent the time after their dance drooling over him, not unlike myself. The difference however, was that I was capable of literally ripping their heads off if they thought about taking what was mine. He looked as I always remembered - muscled, tall, curly but short haired, and adorably dimpled. He used to smell like wood and cut grass. He was well mannered – a gentleman through and through. Even that one night long ago when we decided we were ready to take that next step together. We shared our first time together. His vampire-given features were noticeable, obviously. His skin was deathly pale and perfect and smooth. His eyes showed that he followed the standard vampire diet unlike myself. I bided my time but never let him leave my sight. Every word he exchanged with other women enraged me like nothing else. Jealousy flowed through me like a raging river. That was my mate these women were flirting with. The tightly packed bodies did not help lessen the venom that coated every inch of my mouth; that surely coated my poisoned teeth. Every male that I turned away began smelling more delicious than the last. Thankfully, I had fed before coming here. I had filled myself to an almost disgusting level, but I couldn't afford a slip. I continued to watch him beam his larger than life smile at anyone who came his way and until that moment, despite the physical torture I felt being so close but so far, I was having a grand time just sitting back and watching. However, the moment another vampire scent caught my attention, I decided I've waited too long. Adding another vampire into the mix would not bode well for the humans. I placed my drink on a table I passed on my way over to finally claim what was mine. I paid no attention to the gawks and leers as I made my way to my mate. I saw him stiffen the moment I was less than a yard away. Maybe it was just in my head, but his turn to face me seemed slow and dramatic. The smile that he flashed all night had been retired. Finally being so close to him after so many years was like a breath of fresh air…if I needed air. More aptly, it was like that first gulp of fresh blood when trying to sooth a scorching throat. If I was capable of crying, I'm sure I would be at this moment "Hi," I whispered although it was extremely loud in the overcrowded club. We both knew he could hear me perfectly. "I'm…I'm Bella." I sent silent prayers that there would be even the smallest hint of recognition, but there was nothing. "You're a vampire," he stated. "I am," I stupidly confirmed. "Do you want to go for a walk? Talk?" He looked over my shoulder. "Are you alone or is your coven here somewhere?" He was not unfriendly, just guarded, but I guess given his profession I couldn't be surprised. "Just me. I don't have a coven – just a companion back home," I answered. He narrowed his eyes and frowned. "Is this companion your mate?" I wanted to shout. To tell him he was my mate and ask him why he didn't already know that. "No. My companion is a sixteen year old girl I sired sixty years ago. She is currently staying with…family friends I guess you could call them. Also vampires – a mated couple." "I see." He smiled lightly. "My name is Emmett." He held out his hand. Awkwardly, but still graceful to the human eye, I grabbed it, ready to shake his hand if that's what he wanted. His grip tightened on mine. He surprised me by turning bringing my hand to his lips, placing a firm kiss there. I froze in my spot. Did he remember or did old habits really die hard? Maybe it was in my mind, but I could have sworn a look of familiarity, maybe, flashed quickly in his eyes before he schooled his features. "Do you want to take a walk…or something?" I began nervously. He continued to stare at me. "Or not. We can stay here. I noticed that you like to dance. I'm an okay dancer," I began mumbling. He arched a knowing eyebrow causing me to smirk. "Okay, I'm better than the average human, but I'm still pretty average compared to other vampires." I sucked in a greedy gasp of air that I didn't need when he smiled "our" smile. The one he gave me when we would sneak behind my daddy's tractor shed to spend a few precious, private minutes together. It was a sneaky, but unregretful smile. "How about one dance and then we can head out of here?" His smile, once again, was the most breathtaking thing in this world. And I've seen a lot of this world. "Okay," I agreed, nodding my head and ready to step into his arms to dance slowly to the upbeat song that was currently playing. Before I could do that, however, the song changed to some unfamiliar but fun sounding country tune. Despite the fast pace of the song, I kept my body close to Emmett's and moved slowly so I could reacquaint myself with all his curves from a lifetime ago. "I'm thankful for the weekend…I just got started loving you," the singer belted out in his deep country voice. I was half listening to the lyrics, choosing to focus completely on Emmett, but I had to admit that what I was hearing fit my situation pretty aptly. These next few days with him weren't going to be enough. I needed him with me always. He needed to realize that we were mates. As much as I enjoyed the song and being practically glued to his body, I needed to be alone with him. I needed to breathe in his scent, undisturbed by the other vampire that still lingered somewhere among the sweaty, intoxicated humans. "I know this really secluded place we could go to. It's about a twenty minute run from here. There's a river. We could go swimming or…or just talk," I offered. "Why, Miss Bella, are you trying to pick me up?" he laughed. "I am. Is it working?" I asked shyly. He bent his towering frame over me, bringing his red lips to my ear. "It is. Let's go." I smiled brightly and grabbed him by his hand. He was obviously a lot stronger than me but he let himself be dragged by me. I smirked at the jealous faces – male and female – as we left the over capacity club. Once we were finally out of the club, I was able to smell his scent wholly. He smelled of lavender and – I sniffed again – jasmine. However, there was also a hint of blood. He had freshly eaten. "It's a straight run north. I hate to brag, but I'm pretty quick so you're going to have to keep up," I proceeded to brag. "Oh, Bella. You're cute and in no way able to outrun me." He pat my head condescendingly. "Oh, Emmett," I repeated in the same voice. I took a brief look at our surroundings. "Go!" I ran in the direction I had indicated earlier, leaving Emmett in my trail. If he was anything like he used to be, his competitive nature would kick into hyper gear. Sure enough I could hear his hoarse laugh behind me but never right beside be. True to my word, twenty minutes later we were standing by the water with me arriving nine seconds before Emmett. In our past life that would have never been possible. "You are pretty fast, my little Bella." Although what he said was in jest, I couldn't help the small