FAGE 8:Soul Mates Title: Friend Zone Written for: Deonne (I hope you enjoy it!) Written By: Cruiz107 Rating: T Summary/Prompt used: "Here's to the girls who grew up playing in dirt, who ran outside barefoot, and wasn't afraid to be one of the boys." P.S. I'm not sure what happened when I uploaded the story originally, but I section of it repeated itself (it was not repeated in my final draft). I've reposted it again and hopefully there will be no repetition. "You traveled," Edward bellowed as the ball sunk beautifully into the basket. "What?" I breathed out harshly, wiping the sweat out of my eyes. "That was a perfect lay-up." "Yeah…because you traveled," he countered. I watched as he lifted he soaked t-shirt to dry his face. "Are you mad at the perfection, or that I just made it a point game?" I joked. "I'm not mad," he said as he snatched the ball from my hands. "For one thing, it may be point game, but you're not gonna win. Second, it may have been a decent lay-up, but you couldn't do it without travelling." "Cullen," I growled. "Swan," he deadpanned. I rolled my eyes. "Just play. I have an exam to study for." "What the fuck was that?" I yelled at Emmett as the opposing team laughed and high-fived each other. "You basically handed them the touchdown." "I thought I could run it." "Run it?" I screeched. "I didn't pick you for your speed." "Calm down, Swan," he laughed. "It's just a game. It's not even tackle – it's flag football." "Yeah, well you don't have laundry duty riding on this game and I fucking hate washing Edward's laundry." As if knowing his name had just been uttered, Edward appeared from the far left. "Swan, remember that I like my underwear folded and my jeans neatly hung," he informed me as he threw his arm around my shoulder. "Screw you, Cullen. I hope you remember that I like fabric softener when you're washing my thongs." "Swan, maybe you should step off the mound and come a little closer," Edward shouted from home plate. "Maybe you should take some practice swings, Cullen. You struck out pretty hard last time at bat." "I struck out because the umpire is a fucking moron who doesn't know how to call." "Eat shit, Cullen," Jasper said, lifting his mask. "My calls were legit. Don't get pissy because you can't get a hit against Bella." "Can we please play?" Emmett shouted from the outfield. "I got a date with Rose in an hour." I hunched forward as I waited for the right signal from my catcher. Nodding, I straightened my back and squared my shoulders. Cullen would be expecting a windup, not a curve. I watched in horror as Cullen's bat cracked with the force of the hit. I felt paralyzed as the ball zoomed right towards me. I got my wits about me too late. I twisted in an attempt to avoided getting hit in the face. Instead, I got pegged on my side. Was it possible to hear ribs crack? Because I could have sworn I heard my ribs crack. "Bella!" Edward yelled as I writhed and howled on the ground, each movement intensifying the pain. "Sweetie, don't move," I heard Edward instruct, but it was easier said than done. "I'm going to take you to the hospital." "Edward," I gritted through clenched teeth and dirty tears. "I'm so sorry." His apology was strangled and choked. He picked me up gently, but the jostling was enough to cause excruciating pain. He was fighting the urge not to run, but failing miserably. "Emmett, your jeep has the most room in the back." "Already on my way." "Guys," Jasper started. That's me – one of the guys. "This girl is really important to me so please be nice." I watched in amusement, while I stuffed my face with fries, as Jasper paced back and forth. "When are we ever mean to any of your girlfriends?" I asked as I stole a bite of Edward's burger. "What the hell, Swan?" Edward grabbed the burger as I went for another bite. "You already inhaled yours." " That's what I'm talking about," Jasper interrupted. "Can you all pretend to have manners?" "We have manners," Emmett commented as he let out a huge burp. If looks could kill. "Alright, alright," I said. "Jasper, if she's important to you, then she's important to us. It's about time we met the girl you keep ditching us for," I joked. "I didn't mean to ditch you guys. Introducing her is the equivalent of meeting the family so I had to make sure that I wanted to take it that far with her," he explained. Was I the only one touched by that sentiment? Probably. "So when can we meet the babe?" Emmett asked with a gleam in his eye. "Her name is Alice," Jasper said sternly. "Not babe, not hot stuff, not baby cakes. Alice, understand?" "Understand what?" this small thing of a girl asked. Edward was chuckling to the side of me and I hide my face in his collar to avoid laughing in Jasper's face. He was horrified at being caught and his face said it all. "Nothing." He placed a quick kiss on her lips. "Alice these are my best friends. That's Emmett, and that's Bella and Edward. Guys, this is Alice." Alice was a nice girl – very different from myself. Where I could be crude and sarcastic, she was polite and sweet. Sports played an intricate part in my life and it was nowhere on her radar. "Shit," Jasper hissed, looking down at his watch. "Guys, we got practice in like ten minute." "It's cool." Emmett never worried about anything. "Everyone's always late, anyway. We probably still have another twenty minutes before everyone gets there." "Go, please," I begged. "Leave Alice here so I can tell her all of Jasper's embarrassing stories from his youth." I smiled wide and proud at Jasper's expression. It took a lot of convincing to finally get Jasper to leave Alice with me. I had to picky promise to not spill any deep dark secrets he had hidden in his closet. "You four are really close, huh?" she commented when we were finally alone. "Yup. Grew up together. Edward, Jasper, and I are all next door neighbors and Emmett is Edward's cousin. From mud pies to mudslides, all of us," I told her with pride. "That's really awesome; that you all stayed best friends all these years. How long have you and Edward been going out?" I coughed on the soda that he had left me. "What? We're not dating," I denied, but couldn't look her in the eyes. "Huh. Really?" She gazed at me studiously. "Well, then how long have you been in love with him?" she asked instead. "I'm assuming he isn't aware." "I don't know what you're talking about." I crossed my arms, uncomfortable with where this topic was leading. "I'm very good at reading people, Bella," she insisted. "You're wrong this time, Alice." "Maybe, but I doubt it. I've never had any male friends who let me rest my hand on their thigh and play with their fingers," she pointed out. "What are you talking about? Who was doing that?" "You were!" She yelled incredulously. "Did you not even realize that you were doing it?" "No, because I didn't do anything of the sort." She held her hands up in surrender. "Okay. If you say so, but if you ask me, it says a lot that Edward sat there and let you not rest your hand on his thigh." Alice was nuts and, moreover, she couldn't have been any more on point. "Hey, Bella. Can I talk to you for a minute?" Edward asked nervously. I was immediately put on edge since a nervous Edward was very rare. "Yeah. What's up?" I asked as I closed up my textbook. "I…need your help with something." He couldn't look me in the eyes, opting to pick at an invisible mark on the table. "You're freaking me out, Cullen. What is it?" He took a deep breath. "I met someone." I didn't think it possible for three words to have my small world crumbling, but that's exactly what it felt like. But Edward was my best friend who had no idea how I felt about him and it was my job to help him whenever I could. I plastered on my best fake smile. "Oh, yeah? Do I know her?" "No. I met her…online," he mumbled out. I waited for Edward to say he was joking, but nothing followed his horrible joke. "Don't give me that look," he continued defensively. "It's a completely legitimate way to meet people these days." "No! No, no. I'm not judging you." I was quick to defend myself. "I'm just surprised. I never, in all the years I've known you, would have taken you for someone to hook up with someone online." I guess I wasn't subtle in my disbelief. "There are so many things wrong in that statement. This is the first time I've ever done this, so don't make it seem like it's a habit. Second, I haven't "hooked up" with anyone. Um…actually…" I waited and watched, his face turning red with a bashful blush. "I haven't technically met her yet." "Huh," I breathed out. "Do you even know what she looks like?" "We've…video chatted a few times." "Okay. So what does this girl look like?" It wasn't the most important quality in a person, but it was a good place to start. "Long brown hair, milk chocolate color eyes…very nice skin. Her lips!" he groaned. "She has great lips – full and pouty. She's about five foot seven or eight. Great hips – really curvy." "So she looks like me?" I asked sarcastically. He looked at me with scrutinizing eyes. His apparent appraisal seemed to last a life time. "Yeah, I guess you're right. That's funny." If this girl looked like me, why couldn't he just go out with me? What was so special about her ? "Hilarious," I deadpanned. "What, exactly, do you need from me, anyway?" "I need you to help me plan a date." He was sincere – seriously asking for my advice – and it was like a punch in the gut. "I don't do romance, Cullen," I replied snidely and began walking away. "That's not what I'm asking for, Bella." He jogged behind me until finally catching up. "What would be your ideal date? I need ideas." I huffed in agitation – because of the situation with the mystery girl and the fact that she got to him before I could. "When was the last time you saw me go on a date, Edward? I don't even know much about what qualifies as a good date. I'm a Netflix and chill kind of person." I threw my hands in the air when Edward smirked. "Take me to the basketball court and I'm happy." I took an unnecessary step closer to Edward. "I don't need to be wined and dined to be happy and if that's what this girl is after, then you should reconsider the whole thing." "Bella, please," he pleaded, all playfulness gone. "She's really important to me." "How can someone you've never met be so important?" I knew it was the age of the internet and it was more probable that people met online than in a bar, but I just didn't get it. How could getting to know someone behind a keyboard be better than getting to know them in person? You couldn't see how green someone's eyes were behind a computer screen, or how their cheeks flushed when encroaching upon an uncomfortable topic of conversation. Or even better, how angry they got when they lost at anything even remotely competitive. "I can't…I can't explain it, Bella. It just is. Please. I really need