An AU one-shot of Annabeth growing up. / In which being a mortal girl in this day and age may or may not be more difficult than just killing monsters. THE HARDSHIPS OF GROWING WHAT AGE ZERO INVOLVED A difficult birth A teary father A mostly bald baby And a grateful mother Athena's child comes this close to killing both of them, and she's barely ten minute old—but hey, some are early bloomers. Her little girl is 5 lbs. 7 oz., she looks like a lobster, and she's so, so small and weak, Athena's relieved she made it. And a little surprised too. (But she makes sure not to mention that to Frederick.) Nurses coo over her and tell Athena that her daughter's beautiful, and that's just how it goes. The little girl is showered with compliments before words and the world can hurt her. But it's mostly for her mother's sake. They're desperately trying to relax and distract her from the overbearing fact: it's not a healthy baby. Athena's an intelligent woman, and she can guess that much. As her baby gets older, they're going to run into some health issues for sure, but for now—for now she'll just be glad. By all rights, her daughter shouldn't be alive, but she is. It's a mercy that Athena and Frederick Chase are overwhelming grateful for. Athena names her girl Annabeth, meaning "God has favored me." As Annabeth grows, her name becomes painfully ironic. YEAR FOUR IN A NUTSHELL Countless days spent outside A withering mom A busy dad And blissful naivety that one can only find in children She's four, and she's a slip of a thing. All curly, yellow hair and stormy eyes. She spends most of her time at Kingstone Park, in the shade—with her nose in a book that's a little too mature for her (which is truly saying something, considering most children her age haven't even learned how to read) and her head tucked beneath her mother's arm as Athena runs her fingers through her hair. People passing by frequently stop to compliment the pair (namely Annabeth) on how pretty and smart she is. A few question if she really understands what she's reading, and Athena's lips quirk up into a small smirk and she tells them, "Yes, she does." Annabeth, for her part, doesn't acknowledge them much. Only nodding and saying a quick "thank you" when it's required of her. She's four and she's happy with herself. She doesn't care yet about what other people say. Athena presses a kiss to her temple and tells her, "I love you, Little Girl." Annabeth says it right back to her, but her nose is back in her book before she notices the slight crumple in her mother's face. FIVE, GOING ON SIX Whispering A locked door A woman called Helen For the past month or so, Annabeth's daddy had been coming home smelling like lilacs. It's not because of Athena, Annabeth could tell you that. For one, her mom's allergic to lilacs, and two, her mom smells different. Warm. She smells like a mix of cinnamon, sweat, books, autumn—she doesn't recognize or know where this new smell was coming from. Evidently neither did her mom. When Annabeth's dad comes home late again, and Athena grills him on where he was, he says what he always does. He had another late shift, and if she could put a hold on the interrogation, he could his sleep. When she offers him his dinner, he tells her that his boss ordered everyone dinner since they were working overtime. Athena doesn't comment, but Annabeth can see in her eyes that her mom doesn't believe him for a second. When he gets up to go to bed, he moves to kiss Athena on the cheek, but she moves away like he burned her. Annabeth wakes up in the middle of the night to go to bathroom, and she finds her daddy awake in his office, talking on his phone. She doesn't know why she does it, but she pauses outside his door. Love has a lot of aspects, at five years old, Annabeth knows this. There's the love of friendship and family and there's the love of people like her mom and dad. It's all love, but it's different . When Annabeth's daddy says, "I love you," it sounds like how he used to say it to her mom. Only now he says it to a woman named Helen. SEVEN A wedding ring Thirteen missed calls A desperate father A disappearing mother A crumbling world An attempt to run away An unlicensed driver And a neighbor named Luke When they search the house, there's no note. Only a ruby wedding ring left on their old, dinged up coffee table, and Annabeth knows what it means. Her dad knows too, the only difference is that she can't accept it. She just can't . Her dad calls her cell five times before giving up and delving into a bottle of scotch. Annabeth calls eight times before her dad puts away the phone and takes her hands is his. "Annabeth…" His voice is soft, like how it is whenever he used to read her a bedtime story but with the way his breath smells like liquor, it does absolutely nothing to calm her. Annabeth shakes her head firmly, lips pressed together. She would not accept this. Her mommy is coming back—she just needs some space for a little bit. Her parents both do. "Annabeth," her dad says again, eyes bloodshot and wet, "you're a smart girl." His lips quiver. "Don't make me say this aloud. Don't make me admit it." Annabeth loves her father she truly does. But standing there, listening to him grovel and scramble for excuses, watching his eyes fill up with tears and hearing his throat grow hoarse, she can't be more ashamed of him. Adults are supposed to know better, Annabeth wonders why it isn't that way for her dad. "Your mother," he chokes out, body racking with sobs, "I drove her away. It's my fault. All my fault." She doesn't move to comfort him or yell at him. She simply stays there and lets him hug her, until he gets so tired, she needs to guide him to the couch in order for him to sleep. This isn't how it should go, she realizes faintly. This is supposed to be the other way around. Suddenly, she knows she can't stay anymore. She runs. And only makes it two blocks before crashing outside of Sweet on America because, God, she's so tired and angry and alone and left behind . Annabeth knows she can't run away. Not really. For one, she'd never catch up to mother, and two, it would break her father's heart. And Annabeth resignedly decides it's been trampled enough for today. She curls up underneath the neon American flag and waits for her dad to find her because it's good for him to be a little bit terrified for a change. And she'll never admit it, but a small part of her wants to see him panicked and desperate, thinking the two most important girls in life (or who should've been) each left him within less than ten hours from each other. When a boy, around thirteen or fourteen, finally notices her, Annabeth doesn't look away or dry her eyes. She stares right at him, and he stares right back at her. She knows who he is, and she's pretty sure it goes both ways. She's neighbors with him. She's passed by his house while he was playing basketball on his driveway a couple times. They've never talked. But she's heard yelling. Even with all the windows and doors shut, she could hear him and his dad fighting. She thinks his name's Luke. He frowns up at the sky for a minute, like it holds all the answers before walking into Sweet on America, and she bows her head, not quite sure if she's happy he ignored her or not yet. When the door swings open, she knows it's him, but doesn't look until there's a Twix bar dropped into her lap. "It's like the commercial," he tells her conversationally, "Twix fixes everything." She knows he doesn't believe that, but she smiles a little anyways. They stay there for a minute, five, an hour—Annabeth didn't really keep track. When a shiny red car pulls up to them and the driver's window rolls down to reveal a girl much too young to being operating any kind of vehicle, Luke stands up, frown on his face. "Like it?" the girl asks. "You stole it," Luke says, upset but trying to hide it, "you know how I feel about that kind of stuff, Thalia." "Pshh, I call it, 'selective borrowing.'" She waves him off and her gaze settles on Annabeth. "Who's this?" Luke introduces them, and after Annabeth gives a polite "hello" like her mom always trained her to do, Luke steps forward to whisper something to Thalia. To this day, Annabeth never knew what was spoken, but Luke opens one of the doors and looks at her. She knows very well that she, under no circumstances, is allowed to get into a car with strangers—especially at night and with no one around—and much less with a twelve year old driver, but Annabeth hops in anyway, abandoning her cautiousness just for a little bit. They take her home without any questions, and when she gets inside, her dad's still asleep. Blissfully unaware that his baby had just tried to run away after her mom. Annabeth expects that to be the last she ever sees of Luke and Thalia, but it's not. They drop by the next day to take her out to Freeziac. It probably shouldn't work out the way it does; there's such a big age gap between all of them and who ever heard of a twelve and fourteen year old actually being friends with a little kid? But they stick together like glue anyways. And Annabeth has hope. When she gets home, there's a woman sitting in her living room. On her mom's chair. Her name's Helen. She smells like lilacs. THE GOOD THING ABOUT EIGHT New friends THE BAD THING ABOUT EIGHT A mother with a drinking problem Luke, Thalia, and Annabeth all have one thing in common: they're parents suck. Luke's mom had been committed to an asylum when he was nine and his dad's a kleptomaniac. His clothes, his money, his car—everything Mr. Castellan has had been stolen. It makes Luke feel sick sometimes, just to walk around his house and know, that stuff didn't belong to him. As for Thalia, it was a mix of business over children and a slight drinking problem, which Annabeth kind of already knows. Kathryn Grace had been on enough of FOX News over DUIs in the past couple years. All in all, Annabeth finds friends in these two misfits. Yes, Luke can be a little too serious at times, and sure, Thalia is…a little difficult to get used to, but she wouldn't have traded them for the world. Her dad's a little unsure about the whole thing, and Helen is too for that matter, but oddly enough, neither of them push it. Like they're afraid she'll break if they go too far. And who knows, maybe she would. She does. It's all over the newspaper and on TV, and Annabeth can't miss it no matter how hard she wishes she had. On channel 2, Wendy Williams informs her that Mrs. Grace, driving while intoxicated, had wrapped her car around a tree, killing herself and two children. Helen walks toward her, a worried crease in her brow. "Annabeth—" But she's already out the door. She doesn't even realize where she's going until she's outside Luke's house. He opens the door, takes one look at her, and wraps his arms around her. She cries. She cries and cries and cries,