1 It Started Here Harry sighed as he leaned against the door next to Hermione. Ron stood next to them, looking equally serious. They had just finished saying goodbye to the other schools. With only two weeks left before summer break, they were a bit at lose ends. Even Hermione didn't feel like studying. "Everything's going to be different now, isn't it?" Harry looked at Hermione. He nodded. "Yeah, it looks like it. But there is one thing that won't change." They looked at him in question. He smiled and put his arm around them, leading them back inside. "Us. We are together in this, right?" They gave him big smiles. "Right!" "Yeah!" The three of them walked inside. Harry looked up as Hedwig came and landed on his shoulder. She nipped his hair affectionately. He looked at her and sighed. "Come on, we've got some planning to do." 000 They huddled together inside the one-eyed witch's hump. It was the perfect place as only the twins really knew about it. The other two looked at Harry expectantly, he had called this little meeting. He sighed. He had thought a lot about it while in that hospital bed. "With Slit-face back, there will be some changes. Its about to get more dangerous and, I guess, well, its time we seriously started preparing." He looked at Hermione and Ron his face serious. "We need to learn everything we can. Not just defense, but potions, healing, charms, transfiguration, everything. Go back over all our old books. Learn them all, and learn them right. Its not just for a grade anymore. Its for our lives and the future of the wizarding world now." He looked at them in earnest. Hermione nodded, looking determined. Ron looked at him bleakly. "We can't be kids anymore, can we?" Harry patted him on the back as he shook his head. "No mate, we can't." Ron sighed, then looked up, mirroring his friends' determined faces. "Let's do this!" Harry smiled. He had the best friends. "Okay, here's the first bit of the plan. Hermione, I need you to gather all the school books you brought to school with you. If you are missing any, look in my trunk, I have all of mine, but your books have your notes in them, so they're better. Ron, talk to Neville, your sister and the twins. Ask quietly around the school. Find out who believes what. What everyone is good at, that sort of thing. I know you can be discreet when you want to be." Ron's chess strategies were because he saw connection and possibilities where most people missed them. Romance-wise, he was indeed a bit of an idiot, but once he saw this as a battle, the students as potential chess pieces, with their own strengths, weaknesses, including their beliefs, he became brilliant. They both nodded. Harry smiled. "I'm going to pay another visit to the Chamber of Secrets." Hermione looked at him in shock, but Ron was the one who spoke. "Why on earth would you want to do that?" Harry smiled slyly. "Where else would three Gryffindors go if they wanted to not be found or spied on?" His friends smiled at him and they all nodded. Hermione checked the hallway and found it clear. They each left and went their separate ways, agreeing to meet up at lunch. 000 Harry made his way up the stairs, keeping an ear open for footsteps. He was the only one excused from finals, due to the tournament, and thus the only one not frantically studying for them between classes. If he could just avoid the teachers, he should be safe. He was in luck on running into Hannah Abbot as she exited the girls bathroom. "Hannah, hey, I"m hunting for Hermione, was she in there?" Hannah turned and glanced back in, before shaking her head. "Nope, bathroom's empty at the moment." He thanked her and slowly wandered away, in the opposite direction she was trotting. He made sure to keep the door in sight as he veered back towards it. Slipping in, he found she was correct, the bathroom was thankfully deserted. He felt in his pocket for his broom and un-shrunk it. He didn't really fancy the slide down the pipes. Hissing at the faucet, he watched as the entrance opened again. Quickly, he slide down it and halted a bit inside, looking at the entrance in thought. He had come to check the chamber out for practicality, and to fix it up a bit, but he also wanted to try to close the entrance from the inside. He couldn't very well leave the entrance open the entire time he was down there. "Close, please" He hissed back at the faucets. At first nothing happened, but then they slowly moved together until he was looking at the bottom of the faucets. He smiled and flew gently down the pipe. He was glad it was so close to finals, so he didn't have any classes to worry about. He evanesco'ed the rat bones and a scourgify on the rest of the chamber. He walked down the hallway, nearly tripping over the skin again. He wondered if there was any sort of preservation charm at work as the skin hadn't changed a bit. He banished it off to one side and continued, pondering the uses of a baslisk skin. He climbed back through the hole left from his second year in the pile of stone that had collapsed. He spared a brief minute of thought about Lockhart, before focusing on his footing. The gate was as he left it and he opened it as he did before. The sight of the full baslisk enforced the idea that there was a preservation spell at work. It hadn't started to stink, or decay or anything. He gave it wide berth as he wandered into the back chamber from where it had exited. He found what must have been it's sleeping area, then further on, a study, a bedroom, and library. The library interested him as he found a portrait above it, sleeping. Harry looked around a bit more before gently approaching the portrait. "Excuse me, sir?" The portrait stirred slightly and looked around. He yawned and stretched as he gazed at Harry. "Well, its been a while, who are you, young Slytherin?" Harry smiled slightly. "My name is Harry. If I may ask, who are you, sir?" He figured he best be polite until he figured out what was happening. The painting drew himself up importantly. "I am Salazar Slytherin." Harry stared at him in amazement. Before he could get his wits about him another man wandered into the painting, wearing a big grin and poked the original inhabitant in the stomach, deflating him spectacularly. "Yes, yes you are Salazar." Harry hid his grin at the newcomer. The redhead turned to him and smiled. "I"m Godric Gryffindor." It so perfectly mirrored Salazar's pride, especially after the Slytherin elbowed him, ruining the boastful stance. That did it. Harry burst into laughter at that. He knew it probably wasn't the best idea to laugh at the founders of Hogwarts, but they were acting so silly. They smiled at Harry's laughing as he got himself under control. "I'll have you know, young Harry, that very few would brave laughing at the great Gryffindor!" Salazar smiled with his companion. "I would." Harry chuckled as the redhead frowned at the blackhaired male. Then he shook his head, grinning slightly. "So, young Slytherin, what brings you into the Chamber of Secrets?" Harry smiled as he sat down in front of the painting. He looked at the two who sat in the chairs in the painting. Honestly, they reminded him of the twins. "You ever hear of Voldemort?" Frowns lit both of their faces. Gryffindor glanced at Salazar as he answered. The other wizard's eyes blackened in irritation. "Yes, that name we know. Do you come seeking knowledge for him?" Harry started, shaking his head. "No, no way." Godric glanced worriedly at his companion before looking back at Harry. "We will not support that person." Harry eyed Salazar. "Either of you?" Salazar frowned. But Godric was the one how jumped up. "Neither of us! Salazar never put any stock in that purebred nonsense so stop using him as a figurehead!" Salazar placed a hand on Godric's arm to calm him down. Harry watched with interest before nodding. "My name is Harry Potter. And actually, I'm in Gryffindor." The two looked at him in confusion. "You're a Gryffindor?" Harry nodded and proceeded to explain his experience with the sorting hat. Salazar's eyebrow rose in amusement as Gryffindor's look soured. He looked at what Harry was beginning to believe was his best friend. "How can you find this funny? They are ripping your name to pieces." Salazar shook his head and with sarcasm, Harry identified as Snape's most amused, he replied. "Yes, because my reputation will really help me get a better job now that I'm no longer the head of the Slytherin house." Godric scowled at him. Salazar patted him on the back. "My reputation is not what concerns me. The students do. So what are you here for?" They both turned back to Harry. Harry gave them a brief overview of the year. He further explained how he and his friends were going to try to prepare as best they can and this was the safest place to do so in school. Salazar nodded in understanding, but Godric shook his head. "It's safe, provided Hilde isn't hungry." Salazar turned to him. "Hilde is so old right now, that I doubt she could catch anything but rats. I doubt she could even understand me anymore." He smiled sadly as he turned to Harry. "Hilde is the grandchild of my familiar, Helsa. She's a baslisk." Harry winced at that. In a small voice he explained his second year. When he finished, Salazar sighed. "She wasn't the nicest Baslisk to begin with, I doubt age made her any nicer. I'm glad no one was hurt." Harry could see that that cost the founder. He obviously missed his familiar and cared for her children greatly. Godric looked at Harry, apparently deciding to change the subject."This would be a fine place for you to study. Its even connected to all the common rooms by floo. Just say Salazar's Sanctuary in Parseltongue. We'll help you when we can." Harry nodded in gratitude. They spent a little longer discussing the topics they should be looking into before Harry's stomach reminded him of his lunch plans. Bidding the founders a goodbye, he flooed to the Gryffindor common room, after glancing to make sure no one was there. Godric explained how floos worked in detail and Harry felt much better with that knowledge. He was a bit sick of everyone shoving him in situations or actions without telling him any more then the most basic of information, if that. 000 Hermione and Ron were already at the table and eating quickly, when he arrived. He nodded to them and with their return nod, he knew that their objectives had also been a success. He sat across from Neville and started up a conversation about herbology with the boy. Later that afternoon, Harry flooed them all to the Chamber. Ron and Hermione met the two founders as Harry set up the books Hermione had gathered and set up the chalkboard she had found off in one corner. They sat down and got to work. 000 Sunday found them finishing up the texts from transfiguration first through third year. They had caught up on Charms, History, Herbology and care for Magical creatures. Hermione was going to teach them Ancient Runes since she was studying it and they were reviewing Divination, more for exam reasons but eve Hermione admited knowing the history of it might someday be useful. They were hoping to study Astronomy later that night. Potions was one topic