AU : Tom Riddle is Tom Riddle. Voldemort is Riddle's horcrux (the diary with a half of Riddle's soul). Grindewald was defeated by Dumbledore but managed to flee before being imprisoned, he helped Voldemort out of the diary and made him his apprentice and right hand. Voldemort betrayed Grindewald a few years before he killed the Potters. He was defeated by little Lily when the killing curse bounced back to him. He involuntary turned Lily into a horcrux with a quarter of Riddle's soul. Riddle is the DADA teacher at Hogwarts, he's a renowned politician that supports the rights of wizards with Dark affinities. He doesn't support Voldemort but he doesn't help him either. Tom Riddle is also known as Lord Slytherin and is the head of the dark party in the Wizengamot. PD: Have you ever read "Inside my Mind" by sistersgrimmlover? It's a gorgeous fic and I recommend you all to read it. Someone told me that my story was really similar to that one, and it's true, but only for that first chapter because it was the only scene that could work like a good prologue. Her plot is really awesome with the all "Death, war, famine and plague" and all the sisterhoods and brotherhoods and the invented characters, but my plot is completely different. I'm not trying to copy her story or anything, just saying . Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or anything *sobs grossly* I am doing this for fun and free :) 11/09/2013: This chapter was beta'ed by my awesome beta Paige! 26/10/2013: This was rewritten. Sirius Black landed roughly in front of the -now visible- Potter household. He jumped down his motorbike and raced towards the open front door. A couple of minutes ago he had been informed of the Potter's ward being dismantled and obviously, he came right away. 'Please, let them be okay' the Black Lord prayed with all his heart but all hope was lost the moment he ran into the hall. There was a corpse lying at the bottom of the stairs. Raven black hair, round glasses… it was him. "JAMES!" Sirius roared, his eyes wide and unbelieving. His best friend… James, no! It could not be possible! Black threw himself on his knees and pressed an ear against his chest, trying to find a heartbeat. There was none. Sirius could feel the tears threatening to fall from his eyes. He just wanted to lay there, next to his best friend's body and to break down in sobs, to hold James and never let him go, but he still had to find Lily and his little pup. There was a chance, a pretty slim one, that they were alive. He snorted in pain and hopelessness. Who was he kidding? The Dark Lord had no mercy, he left no survivors. Suddenly, he heard a soft whimper. Sirius all but rushed to the top of the stairs, despite his excitement he managed to stop himself just before he stepped on the last step. For first time in a very long time his Slytherin instincts kicked in. What if it was a trap? " Homonum revelio ," he whispered to his wand. Almost immediately the form of a baby appeared in front of him. She was alive. Lily, little Lily, his pup was still alive! The Black Lord ran towards the baby's nursery with a small smile on his lips, which was instantly erased after entering the room. Lily Evans was lying on the wooden floor, dead. Her usually bright and happy emerald eyes were now dull and lifeless as they stared at the ceiling; and her long fiery red hair was sprawled all over the floor. This time Sirius couldn't stop the tears. Lily and James? Both of them dead? The grief hit him like a truck. The pain was terrible. James and Lily were dead and Peter was a damned traitor. Three of his best friends, the ones he considered as his family, were gone. His vision turned red as the rage became uncontrollable. He wanted to kill him, to make him suffer, to make him pay. That back stabbing rat! He could not believe he had sold Lily and James to Voldemort, how could he? "Pawfoo?" a small croaky voice asked, startling Sirius in the process. The man turned on his heels, all the thoughts about revenge and hate completely forgotten. He walked closer to the crib…and there she was, his little pup. The baby was standing with the help of the bars of her crib, her little emerald eyes were red and puffy; snot running from her nose. Lily grinned at Sirius and lifted her arms. "Pawfoo! Up!" she exclaimed, her voice much clearer and loud. Sirius complied in no time and held the little girl close. He cleaned her tears and snot with the bottom of his sleeve and pressed a loud and sloppy kiss to her cheek, causing the baby to giggle loudly. "Everything is going to be ok, pup" he whispered against his goddaughter's hair. She pressed her face against the crook of Sirius neck, still giggling. Her forehead was wet. Sirius made her lean back against his arms to have a better look at her face. He gasped loudly and Lily's happy face morphed into one of confusion "Pawfoo?" Her forehead was covered in blood and damp locks of dark hair were sticking to her skin. Sirius pushed her hair back with his free hand. "Ow!" she complained and tried to slap his hand away "Pawfoo, ow!" Sirius ignored her whining and casted a ' Lumos' to watch the injury better. It was an open wound with the shape of a lightning bolt, and it was irradiating dark magic. He immediately knew that there was where the Killing Curse hit her. He cleaned the cut with a spell but it kept bleeding. Sirius sighed and ran a hand through her hair again, Madam Pompfrey would heal her later. "Come on, pup" The man grabbed a blanket from a random drawer and covered the baby with it "Let's get the hell out of here" Sirius walked out the room and climbed down the stairs, his eyes locked forwards and not stopping until they reached the front door. He knew he wouldn't be able to control the grief and rage if he saw James and Lily's bodies again. The Black Lord climbed up his motorbike and after making sure that little Lily was safe and sound in his coat with a sticky charm, he turned it on and started flying away, heading to the second place he had always called home, Hogwarts. "Pawfoo?" Lily had managed to take her head out of his coat "Mummy? Dada?" she looked down at the destroyed house "Come us?" "I am sorry, pup" Sirius apologized, his eyes full of sadness and pity staring right into her emerald eyes "Lily and James won't come with us" he explained, feeling a lump on his throat forming "Now it's just us" "I luw Pawfoo," she exclaimed and snuggled even deeper into Sirius coat, seeking the warm of his chest. He could feel his heart breaking inside, how could one explain a one year old baby that her parents are dead without feeling like shit? You just couldn't. Sirius tried to ignore the emotional pain growing and kissed her injured forehead. "I love you too, pup." The whole travel to the next inhabited place was made in utter silence, Lily had fallen asleep. As soon as Sirius made sure that no one was close, he apparated to Hogsmeade as it was impossible to apparated directly in Hogwarts. They were received by dozens of people celebrating in the streets, thankfully, he was quick enough to cast a disillusionment charm before someone noticed them 'How could they have found out? It just happened barely an hour ago!' Sirius thought but he wasn't really surprised, news always spread quickly in the wizarding world. He couldn't help but to feel annoyed by all the celebration. Sure, he was happy that the war was over –the last years were like a living hell for the wizarding world- but the price everyone had to pay to make it all end was too much high and painful. Families destroyed, friends lost, orphan kids… Sirius shook his head and tried to think about something less depressing. He was so deep in his thoughts that he barely managed to realize they had finally reached the castle's gates, where the DADA Professor was waiting for them. With a wave of his wand, the man opened the gate just enough for them to enter before closing it again. His eyes were locked on the sleeping baby Sirius was holding. Professor Riddle waited patiently until the other wizard was by his side before starting to walk towards the majestic castle in a somewhat hurried pace. "Is it true?" the Professor asked with a demanding tone "Dumbledore is out, he received an urgent call from the Minister. I received the patronus. Is he really go-" "Yes, he's gone and Lily and James are dead," Sirius interrupted with a broken voice. He cleaned his throat a few times as he tried to regain his composure, not wanting to start weeping like a toddler in front of his former teacher, who also was one of the most influential politicians in the Ministry. Black had tried to act strong and brave for his pup, but now that she was safe he could use some time alone to handle the grief. "C-Could you t-take little L-Lily to the infirmary?" Professor Riddle snorted in annoyance "There's no need for that, Black. I can fix her myself," he retorted with a sneer of disgust. Urgh, he hated sentimental fools "and for Merlin's sake, Black, put yourself together I need to talk to you. It's important." he commanded "Come to my office in ten minutes." "O-Ok" "Good. Now hand me the girl," he said and opened his arms to receive the sleeping baby. Riddle held her awkwardly for a few seconds before arranging her into a more comfortable position "Ten minutes Black," he warned as he started to walk away. Professor Riddle's office was located in one of the highest and most isolated towers of Hogwarts. The walk would usually last around ten or fifteen minutes but after taking a fair amount of strategic shortcuts, Professor Tom Marvolo Riddle, Lord of the Noble and Ancient house of Slytherin, reached the entrance of the office in less than five minutes. The entrance of his office was guarded by the last portrait of the Great Salazar Slytherin " Open ," he hissed to his ancestor portrait. Salazar opened his eyes and stared at the young girl cuddled on his heir's arms. The most powerful founder of Hogwarts gave Riddle a significant look and scornfully smiled, but before he could start teasing his old heir, someone interrupted. " Open !" a babyish voice exclaimed between giggles " Open ! Open !" With eyes wide as possible, Riddle looked down at the girl. She could speak Parseltongue. No person alive –besides Voldemort and him, of course- could speak Parseltongue. Was she another Slytherin descendant? No, it couldn't be. The Potter line had never had a Parseltongue speaker and Lily Evans was a muggleborn. Maybe she was a Slytherin squib descendant? Riddle discarded that idea with a shook of his head. He had meticulously tracked down his family line, even the squibs. There was no one left. It was impossible, then why? Salazar internally chuckled at the confused expression on Riddle's face " My, my, Tom, " Slytherin couldn't help but to tease with a side looped smile " Finally decided to give me another heir ?" " Tom?" the little one tried the name " Tom !" Lily Potter exclaimed, clapping her chubby hands and giggling, not even realizing she was speaking in another language. " Tom !" Salazar coughed a little to camouflage his laugh. Tom