A/N: Okay, so it goes without saying—at least in my books—that Emmett and Rosalie have ALWAYS been my favorite. They are absolute soul mates, and it's clear every time they are mentioned in the books, that they love each other very much. I've imagined this scenario for them very often over the last year or so, but I could never put it into words. So here is a first tentative chapter in the journey toward parenthood for Rosalie and Emmett. Rosalie always talks in the books about how much she would have loved to have children, and I just had this feeling that this very well could have been an obstacle they faced, on their way to get there, if they'd been humans. I don't have the entire fic plotted out, so I may struggle along the way, but I know I have a lot of support out there (I also know that support comes from a lot of Fifty Shades fans, but c'mon, Fifty Shades was once a twilight fanfic, so…) Enjoy! Song: Pitter-Pat by Erin McCarley Maybe I tested too soon, I think, staring hard at that single purple line. I'm ten days past ovulation, but who knows? My body could be different, a little slow to warm you could say. I'll test again in a few days, when my period is due. Sighing, I set the test down on the countertop, folding my arms over myself. It is horrifically deflating to see negative test after negative test. Besides, this would have been a wonderful birthday gift for Emmett. We're doing everything right—why is nothing working? My heart has sunken into my stomach. Senseless tears fill my eyes and threaten to overflow. Quickly, I grab a tissue and dab the moisture away, so as not to ruin my freshly applied makeup. Desperately I wish Emmett were here, so that he could hold me, and tell me everything is going to be alright; that next month will be the month that we get our positive, when we get our baby… I toss the test in the trash. Maybe I should pick up some store brand tests—would they be more accurate? I test so often, I hate to do it. I've ordered a bunch of dollar tests off the internet, and I rarely pick up store tests nowadays, unless there's a reason to—and lately, there hasn't been any. I glance at my wristwatch— Cartier, 18 karat rose gold and stainless steel, my second anniversary present from Emmett—to check the time. If I don't leave now, I'll be late for work. I wipe the rest of my tears away, square my shoulders, and stare hard at myself in the mirror. Keep it together, Rosalie, I command of myself, Positivity is the only way to go about this. Next month is your month. No need to dwell on the thought that this will be our eleventh month of actively trying—let alone the year beforehand, where we weren't necessarily trying, but we never prevented the possibility either. I turn and head toward the front door. The salon is busy, and I am grateful for the fact. It keeps me distracted, and the image of the negative pregnancy test out of my mind. The day passes in a blur, and by the time five o' clock rolls around, I've completely forgotten about the depressing beginning to my day. Besides, we have a birthday to celebrate tonight. I pick the cake up from the bakery on my way home, and when I pull into the driveway, I see that Emmett's already home, his jeep parked on the right side, where it always is. Emmett finished up his schooling to become a chiropractor last year, just before our third anniversary, and has been working at the ProHealth Chiropractor clinic in our city of St. George, Utah since then. When I step inside, his keys are on the kitchen counter, but he's nowhere to be found. I leave the cake by the microwave and make my way through our small apartment, to the back, where our bedroom is located. He's draped his clothes over the edge of the bed, and as I step through the doorway, I hear the shower turn off. A moment later he emerges, towel slung around his waist, beads of water on his shoulders and chest, curly hair damp. "Hey, baby," he says, softly, and I know he's seen it. He's seen the test. Otherwise, he'd be greeting me with a huge smile. Abruptly my mood falls, and I turn to the closet, pulling it open. I need to find something to wear for tonight. "I don't want to talk about it," I murmur lowly as he steps up behind me and wraps his arms around me. I shrug him off. "Don't. You're wet." Behind me, I hear him sigh, but he doesn't touch me again. He crosses to the chest of drawers to dress in something a little more casual—a pair of khaki shorts and a dark blue, short sleeved button shirt. As I shift through my options, I start to feel guilty. Emmett doesn't deserve Bitch Rose on his birthday. Pulling out a simple lavender halter dress, I turn to him. He's sitting on the chair by the bed, watching me as he pulls on a pair of ankle length socks and shoes. "I'm sorry—I'm just bummed about the negative." "I know. Me too." He opens his arms to me, and I go to him, curling up in his lap. I loop my arms around his neck and rest my head on his shoulder, staring unseeingly into his neck, forcing down the emotion, which bubbles up in my chest like acid. I don't want to cry again, not tonight. Emmett buries his nose in my hair, nudging me softly. He kisses my forehead. "We'll get it next time, Rose," he assures me, and I nod against his shoulder, but deep down inside, I wonder if we ever will. I want kids so badly; it's all I've ever wanted, aside from the love of my life—and I already have that. Sometimes I wonder if I'm wishing for too much. I know some people never have kids, but I don't know how I'd survive if I never became a mother. "I'm twenty three," I whisper, "You're twenty seven. We're young, we're healthy. Why—?" "Shh," he interrupts me, tilting my head up with both his hands, gazing intently into my eyes, "It will happen, Rosalie. We'll have a baby one day." Tears are in my eyes again, and as they spill over, Emmett wipes them away with his thumbs. "I love you, Rosalie Cullen," he whispers fiercely, and presses his lips to mine. He kisses me hard, passionately, but the kiss softens toward the end, and he trails his lips from the corner of my mouth, up to my ear. "Forget about all this for tonight. Let's go have a birthday party." Emmett's parents are the first to arrive to our small but modernly attractive townhome. "Happy birthday, darling!" Esme greets him when he opens the door. She wraps him first in a motherly hug, and then moves over to me, squeezing me tightly. I've never had a spectacular relationship with my own mother, but Esme is everything to me that Lillian Hale wasn't. Esme is supportive without being overbearing, sage in times of heartache, and she brightens every room she walks into. She helped me design this entire house, which I am unbelievably thankful for. I don't have a stitch of interior design creativity in me, but with the help of Esme and my sister-in-law, Alice, our place looks amazing. Next to arrive are the siblings, all in essential conjunction. Alice—of course—is the first up the steps, her new fiancé Jasper in tow. She squeezes Emmett tight around the waist, and I know for a fact it's because she can't reach his neck. She hands him a perfectly wrapped gift box. He shakes it and my sister-in-law, folding her arms over her chest, glares at him. "Tut tut, no guesses," she scolds, "You have to wait for cake." Bella and Edward come in the door next, and Alice is skipping over to me. "How are you?" she asks, and hugs me, squeezing softly, almost as if she knows I'm in a fowl mood. "Fine," I say, forcing myself to appear bright, grinning as I hug her back, "How are you?" "Good," she tells me. "I was just about to get some appetizers ready. Give me a hand?" "Sure," she says easily, and follows me into the small kitchen. Emmett is out on the patio grilling up steaks. The baby potatoes are roasting in the oven. I'm just finishing up on the side salads when he hauls the plate back in. His hair and shirt are sprinkled with raindrops. "Just in time!" he calls loudly, "It's really starting to come down out there!" I can hear the rain now, pinging off the roof and the windowpanes. As Emmett sets the plate down beside me, he shakes his head like a dog, and I wince as a few splatters of moisture hit me. "Quit it," I mutter, trying not to grin. There's just something about Emmett—he always makes me smile, even when I don't want to, even when I'd like to wallow in my depressive mood. I can nearly hear his grin, and he snakes his arms around my waist again, but this time I let him, sinking into his warmth. He nuzzles the place under my ear with his nose, sending shivers down my spine, and I feel my body begin to respond. Later , I promise myself. Edward groans from the couch. "Get a room!" "Newsflash, Eddie!" Emmett calls over his shoulder as he cuts into one of the steaks, checking if it's done, "It's our damn house—we can do whatever we want, wherever we want!" I feel the heat color the back of my neck as everyone bursts out laughing. But then, who am I kidding? It's Emmett we're talking about. And we've pretty much done it everywhere. We like to keep things interesting—especially when we're pretty much having sex on a schedule. "Make yourself useful and pull those potatoes out of the oven," I snap, trying to sound angry, but I can hear the playful lilt in my voice. I shove a pair of oven mitts into my husband's broad chest, and take the side dishes over to the table. It'll be crowded, but we'll all fit—and besides, there's something I love about bumping elbows with my family. "Anyone want anymore potatoes?" I ask, picking up the bowl at my elbow, and waving it in the general proximity of everyone else. There's a chorus of moaning and groaning, shaking heads and gripped bellies. The sound is music to my ears. Everyone is stuffed to the gills. There's still plenty left over, I realize idly, so I won't have to cook for at least another night. That's always a plus in my books. I suppose I don't make a very good wife if I can't cook—then again, I can't get pregnant either. "I take it everyone's finished," I announce. "Yes!" I grin, and start to gather the serving dishes. "So," Edward pipes up from the other end of the table as I rise, my arms full of dishes. "We have something to tell everyone!" "Oh—what's that, Edward?" Carlisle inquires, and now I have my back turned as I round the kitchen island, headed toward the sink. "Well… Bella's pregnant!" A couple of the dishes I've been holding clatter noisily into the sink, another hitting the edge of the counter and going overboard, crashing to the floor. The round of happy congratulations is interrupted by my clumsy reaction to Edward's words. "Rosie? You okay?" I hear Emmett ask. I hear his chair scrape back as he rises. "I-I'm fine," I stammer, waving my hand in his direction as I crouch to gather the