A/N: So I think, as most of you might know, I very much fell in love with Edythe and Beau's story. Not only their story, but the characters themselves. I love how Beau isn't as neurotic and self-conscious and hot-headed as Bella. I love how Edythe isn't quite so gloomy and serious. Solar Eternal is still in development, but I'm still working on plot-lines and such, so expect that SOON, but not right away. What I'd like to do here, is essentially 'Midnight Sun'/Life and Death from Edythe's POV. And… all of Midnight Sun. So you'll see that the first 13 or so chapters, much will be the same according to the plotline of Midnight Sun, but I've done my best to create everything in my own terms and words (save for a few lines here and there) except for dialogue and such that pretty much stays the same across the board. But I'm pretty proud of this first chapter, and how it came along! I really tried to inject a specific, unique 'Edythe' voice into it, instead of just changing the pronouns and verbs around a bit. So I hope you all enjoy, and here it is! ALSO: I am on the look-out for a beta reader! If you are interested, please let me know through PM! … High school. The time of day when I wished unconsciousness was possible for an immortal being like myself. Purgatory might have been a better-equipped description for it. It was what I deserved, perhaps. A penance for my sins and depravity. The day in and day out monotonous slog of it didn't get easier. In fact, it seemed to get worse with each passing day. I supposed I couldn't get much closer to sleep than I was at the moment—this was the most inert part of my day. Which seemed ironic, seeing as the other students around me were working so hard. I stared across the cafeteria, imagining elaborate patterns into the cracks in the plaster, trying out to block the thoughts of those students out, now. Most of the time, it was like the rush of a stream in the back of my mind. Most of the inner voices I blocked out due to tedium. For the most part, it was the same chatter of thoughts, day in, day out. Today, all of the thoughts revolved around a similar event: The new boy. From what I'd seen in their minds, Beaufort Swan was an ordinary looking teenage boy. He was tall, presumably close to six feet, and surprisingly fair-skinned. Against his pale complexion, was a shock of dark hair, and soft blue eyes that had looked troubled in most of the thoughts of the students. He already had quite a few admirers, and I had problem reasoning why. He wasn't that striking. But then, I assumed it had to be due to the simple novelty. Everyone wanted a chance at the new shiny toy. Only four inner voices did I tune out due to graciousness. My two sisters, and my two brothers. I tried to block out their thoughts as best I could, but still… I knew. Royal, as usual, was thinking about himself. He'd gleaned a reflection of himself in one of the long, rain streaked windows across the room, and was mulling over whether he really liked the new man-bun trend or not. He thought it looked pretty good on himself. Eleanor was feeling surly over the fight she'd lost to Jessamine last night. She was going to request a re-match as soon as we were home, out on the back lawn. Earnest didn't like it when they fought in the house. Archie's mind was a blur of indistinct images, keeping an eye on the immediate future, hand gripped tight in his mate's Jessamine's. Every once in awhile, he threw her a worried glance. And Jessamine… I suppressed a sigh. Jessamine was suffering, as per usual. She was the newest addition to our 'vegetarian' lifestyle, as we liked to call it. We chose to feed on animals instead of humans, but Jessamine had spent decades doing just that, and she was still adjusting to the transition. Edy. Archie shot my way. I didn't respond. My favorite brother and I had gotten pretty good at these silent conversations. How's she doing? I let the corners of my lips just slightly turn down. His mind lapsed into premonition, searching the immediate future with a hint of hysteria. Do I need to get her out of here? I turned my head to one side, sighed, and then turned it back the other way. She would be fine, but irritation sparked inside me. It was idiotically hazardous, to go between feeds for this long. This experimentation was dangerous. Jess would need to hunt as soon as school was out. Not for only her throat's sake, but for the sake of all of us, and the town, too. Thanks, sis. For doing this. I lifted just my eyes to the ceiling, and then back down. Only Archie knew I was nodding. What could I say, if I were required to answer aloud? 'My pleasure'? Hardly. At that moment, a boy stepped up to the end of our table, pausing to talk with a few of his friends. He shifted his weight, hiking his backpack higher on his shoulder, and when he shifted, he inadvertently put himself directly in the path of the heaters, and his scent burst in our direction. I was used to the way the scent of human blood affected me when it had been too long—the sandblast assault on my throat, the ghost of hunger in the pit of my stomach, the automatic, instinctual coil of my muscles, the excess flow of venom that filled my mouth… Jessamine, however, was letting her thoughts get away from her. She was imagining it: Getting up from our table and walking over to the boy, leaning close to murmur in his ear, an excuse about needing help with something, exiting the cafeteria with the boy in tow, taking him around back of the building where it was secluded, pushing him up against the brick wall, leaning close, eyes focused on his throbbing carotid., lips pulling back from teeth… I kicked her chair and she started. "Sorry," she whispered. "Don't worry about it, love," Archie soothed her, stroking her hand, "Nothing was gonna happen." I bit back my grimace at the blatant lie. Archie and I had been on a sort of team ever since we'd met, and we had to stick together, now. It wasn't easy hiding our… gifts… from the world, and as outcasts, we had to lean on each other for support. We were both misfits in a world of misfits. Protecting each others' secrets was the least we could do for the other. "He's a good guy," Archie provided now, in an attempt to help the cause, "It helps if you see their humanity. His name's Winston, he has a kid brother he lives for—" "I know who he is," Jess cut him off, her tone sharp and short, effectively ending the conversation. She slipped her hand out from underneath his and turned minutely in her chair, toward the wall of windows across the room. Archie watched her for a minute, brows knit tight with concern—he hated to see her suffer—and then rose sinuously from his seat, plucking his tray of uneaten food off the table—merely a prop. Human food tasted like absolute pig feed. He moved across the room, dumping his tray, and then exited the cafeteria. Jess's thoughts were filled with remorse, and I wanted to comfort her. Edythe Cullen. My head flipped up automatically, as if the person who'd thought my name had spoken aloud. My eyes fixed on the face I assumed had thought my name. He was tall and lanky, with bright blue eyes set in an impressively chiseled face. The new boy. Beaufort Swan. Or, Beau, as he had corrected everyone who had addressed him by the former. He'd come to live with his father, Chief Charlie Swan, on the east side of town. A new custody situation. I turned my attentions away, uninterested. Good luck, bro, the first inner voice thought, and I realized belatedly that it had not been the new boy who had thought my name, As if you have a chance with any of them. Jeremy Stanley. I had been glad when he'd finally seemed to have gotten over his severely erroneous rapture with me. I would have liked to silence those many daydreams, would have liked to tell him just what would have happened if my lips, or the teeth behind them, had gotten anywhere close to him… I almost smiled at the prospect of his reaction. He was briefing the newcomer on our family situation now. "Jeremy Stanley is giving the new boy all the dirty laundry on the Cullen clan," I informed my family, speaking too quietly and too quickly for human ears to register. I still did not look at them. Eleanor's laughter exited in a puff of breath through her nose. Hope he's making it good. "Rather unimaginative, actually. I surely thought he could come up with something better than that. Hardly the hint of indignity, or a drop of dread. I'm sure the new boy will be disappointed. What a bore, this town." Eleanor smirked. Is he ready to fly back home, then? I listened for a moment, realizing I'd only assumed the boy's thoughts; I hadn't actually taken the time to assess them. I probed in his direction, funneling through the chatter of the mental atmosphere to focus on him, and then I focused harder. Harder still, for there was a strange, open space from where he sat. I glanced toward him to check, hoping my eyes on him would give me a better sense of my extra hearing. It was something I never had to do, and it threw me a little off balance. It was sort of my responsibility to be aware of what the people around us were thinking. I acted as a sort of look-out. If anyone were to suspect, it would be easy to move on right away. Usually, the general population guessed wrong, coming up with theories from books or movies. Very, very rarely someone guessed right. We wouldn't give them a chance to further their suspicion. My eyes met Beau's now, unsteady, searching. He was sitting in the exact same spot he had been, still listening to Jeremy's story. But there was absolute stillness in his mind, a total roadblock. Inviting color rose in his face as he jerked his eyes away, embarrassed at being caught staring. I was glad Jess's attentions were still diverted. The emotions in his clear blue eyes had been spelled out clear as day: surprise, and then curiosity… And… something more… Fascination? I watched him take us in, the differences between our kind and his. He was definitely interested—this much was clear from the turmoil in his eyes. And yet, though the thoughts had been so clear in his eyes, I could hear nothing from the place he was sitting. Nothing at all. Unease rose inside me, accompanied by the unfamiliar sensation of self-doubt. Was there something wrong with me? Was I losing my touch, my gift? I strained harder, concerned now. The thoughts of every student clamored in my mind, at shouting volume now. … wonder what music he likes… maybe I could mention that new CD, McKayla Newton was musing, two tables away. Her eyes were fixed on Beau, with a strange sort of ownership I immediately disapproved of. Apparently I wasn't the only one. Look at her staring at him, as if she owns him, Erica Yorkie thought sourly, Isn't it enough that she has half the boys in this school falling over her feet already? … just nasty. You'd think he was the president's kid or something. Even