Love At First Touch A slight chill hung in the night air, somewhat unusual for the end of the year, when one would expect the harsh cold of winter to be in full force. In the small southern town of Carrabelle, Florida, organizers had put together festivities for the New Year's Eve celebrations. The winter carnival had sprung up bit by bit in the past few days, with stalls containing games and prizes, a main stage, and even a handful of rides all being built in the preceding week. The last few months had brought an uncharacteristically mild winter, and while snow and ice was, at best, a rarity that far south, it was outright unheard of that season. Light coats were the most anyone needed to ward away the cold. Residents and visitors both crisscrossed over the festival's avenues. The festival was right beside the town's city hall, occupying the parking lot and adjacent field. The perimeter of the grounds was lined with vendor stalls; some sold trinkets and crafts, while others sold warm food and hot cocoa. Game stalls were set up in various spots in between the other vendors, with pitchmen calling out to passers by to lure in their marks. Hanging strings of lights connected the stalls, creating a canopy of multicolored stars just over the revelers' heads. While the main event was there in the field, nearby shops also kept their doors open to capitalize on the influx of potential customers. This resulted in an atmosphere of joviality and excitement that extended beyond the confines of the event boundaries, and flowed out into the streets all around the colorfully lit grounds. "How long do you think all this stuff will stay up?" Emmett asked. The large football player strode down the main avenue of the grounds, alongside his best friend. The jock wore his Christmas present; a brand new black leather jacket. Beneath the expensive looking garment he had a red T-shirt and a simple pair of comfortable jeans. He winked at a group of girls as they passed. "They'll probably have them down before tomorrow ends." Edward responded. The young man kept his hands in the pockets of his buttoned up grey peacoat as he walked beside Emmett. His green eyes casually took in the festival atmosphere around them. The pair walked side by side along the avenue. The faint music of a carousel floated through the air, growing stronger as they neared. "New Year's Day, bud. No one is going to be working." "There's always someone working. Not everyone is all about-" Edward wasn't able to finish as a reveler, one who had obviously had a little too much too drink burst from around the corner. A stupid grin plastered on his face. "Wooo! New Year's! High five, bro!" He cried as he lifted his palm high up. Emmett quickly raised his hand and smiled broadly, "Right on, bud! Party on!" They clapped palms and the stranger seemed thrilled to have been indulged. He next turned to Edward, but the tall young man was hesitant. "T-that's okay, I'm not really a high-five kind of guy…" He held up his hand in front of him to wave the partier away. The stranger mistook this movement as acknowledgment and brought his own hand down. He heartily clapped it against Edward's palm. The world was a mess of blurred lines and colors. The two young men stood before him, the larger one with a happy grin upon his face. The thinner pale one started to shake his head but nothing was going to dampen this New Year's spirit! The carnival became a hurricane of color as he changed direction suddenly and stumbled forwards to another group of people. Edward shook his head, closed his eyes and lifted his hand to pinch the bridge of his nose. He felt lightheaded and dizzy all of a sudden. He sharply inhaled the cool air to fill his lungs with the refreshing chill. "You all right?" Emmett asked, a look of concern on his face. "Yeah, just, I hate it when I'm just a drunk memory. It's all the worst parts of drinking without the fun of actually drinking." "So does that mean we'll never see him again?" "Well, I won't. This is the last time he and I'll ever interact." "Guess that means I'll never see him again either. Too bad, he looked fun." Emmett grinned and raised his hands to rest behind his neck, "You all right, Edward?" "Yeah, I just need a second here." Edward took deep breaths, inhaling the crisp nighttime air. The vision he had just experienced was not the first of its kind. "You don't look okay. You sure this is the last time you'll see him?" Edward opened his eyes as the ache subsided, he looked over at his friend, and smiled faintly, "Yeah, I'm sure. Just a dizzy spell. No one died or anything." He turned to look in the direction of the drunk stranger. The man had disappeared around a corner. "Man, that's a messed up talent." Emmett stretched idly as he spoke, "Seeing your last moment with a person when you touch them." "It's not a talent, and it only happens on first contact." "Whatever. Just don't tell me our end." Emmett frowned. The pale young man smiled a crooked smile. It wasn't too long after he met Emmett that Edward had confided in him about his ability. Edward could see a vision of the final moments he would ever experience between him and any other person, just by touching them. It was always unsettling for him, as he would see the events from the other person's perspective. Upon learning about the strange ability, Emmett immediately told him not to say anything about their friendship. Edward respected the request, and never did. He never even felt it was necessary; theirs would be a lifelong friendship. The ability had always been a mixed bag for Edward Cullen. He had witnessed countless promises break the instant he shook a hand. There were confusing, out of context chance meetings, sometimes taking place years in the future. Relationships of any kind took on an odd element when the end was in sight right from the beginning. As a result, romance had always been fleeting. Edward's gaze fell down to his hand. His mind wandered back to that first time, to the first person he had experienced this ability with, when he was still a young boy. That particular vision was burned into his memory. He could almost smell the hospital air, almost hear the intermittent machine beeps dropping suddenly into that terrifyingly constant, flat tone. He could see his mother's perspective, her eyelids drooping slowly. He saw his own self standing there, at the foot of the bed, tears streaming down his face. The young boy had not understood what he had witnessed at the time, but it didn't take long for the pattern to become clear with others, and sure enough, less than a year later after his ability had surfaced, he was there in that hospital room. Standing at the foot of the clean hospital bed, he witnessed his mother passing. "I don't like that look." Emmett frowned as he spoke, snapping Edward back to the present. "Sorry, Emmett." The young man reassured his large friend, "Just that time of the year to remember the past, I guess." "Hmph, forget the past. You have to look to the future!", Emmett extended a thick arm and motioned to a photographer some distance away, "You're gonna be in one of the pictures from this day, and sometime in the future you're gonna see it, and you'll have everything you ever wanted." "That's a real nice thought." "You bet it is. It'll be true, too. Just you wait. Come on, I'm hungry. Let's get something bad for us." There was a flash off to the side of the pair as they strode to find some decently terrible carnival food. A professional photographer snapped a photo with an expensive-looking camera. Between local news crews, amateur selfie takers, and the city's own hired photographer, there likely wasn't a square inch of the carnival grounds that wasn't featured in one photo or another. As the duo continued their quest for greasy carnival food, they approached a whirling carousel. It was one of the rides that had been commissioned and set up for the event. Painted horses, draped in multicolored garlands and reins, galloped around in a circle. Riders varied from small children to elderly couples. A constant queue of riders were lined up to take their turn when the cycle completed. Edward and Emmett chatted about the festival, planning what booths to hit and where they would be for the final countdown to midnight. As they passed the carousel, a sudden grinding noise sounded, replacing the gentle melody of its endlessly repeating tune. The ride operator acted quickly, bringing the ride to a complete stop. Both young men stopped to check out exactly what was happening. The riders appeared apprehensive as they sat upon their gilded steeds and awaited the operator to enter the carousel and open a panel in the center column. Those waiting in line looked on with a combination of vague interest and impatient annoyance. Several minutes passed before the operator returned to the microphone in his booth. "Sorry to say, folks, we're experiencing some mechanical difficulties. We're gonna have the mechanic come take a look so we can get back up and running. But until then, I'm afraid the ride is closed." An audible groan emanated from the people on the ride, who then began to dismount and exit the carousel. The queue broke up simultaneously and moved on to the next attraction while the operator made a call for the mechanic on his radio. The two young men stood as the crowd began to pass over them. Emmett motioned for his friend to follow him and Edward slipped his hands out of his pockets. He attempted to part the crowd as he moved toward his burly friend. Suddenly he felt the briefest contact of skin against his fingertip, a tickle of a touch. So slight that it should have gone unnoticed. But for Edward, he felt his mind flash. Music played from some source in the room. It was a familiar song - a favorite of hers from long ago - written and performed by a local band in her hometown. The notes caressed her mind, bringing memories of her youth. It was very hard to keep her eyes open. She squeezed her hand and felt warmth squeeze back. She tilted her head slowly. There on the nightstand beside her bed was a framed photograph. More memories, her mind cooed. It was their first meeting, or so Edward had always told her. It was a black-and-white candid shot of the two of them from behind. Some photographer had accidentally caught them together, somehow before they had ever truly met. He was looking in her direction, smiling at her - that crooked smile, she thought warmly - as if he knew something. She was facing away, looking at something in the background. It had been an anniversary present from him one year, a reminder of how they had met. Just behind it were well-wishes and gifts; a small flower arrangement, hopeful cards, a blue stuffed bear with a number stitched on the belly. The plush toy was also a present from Edward. When they had to be apart, she kept the bear close to her as a small comfort. She turned further and saw him, her beloved Edward, lying next to her. Even now, wrinkled and grey, his green eyes twinkled as he looked at her. She attempted to squeeze his hand once again, and the effort was exhausting. It was so very hard to keep her eyes open. He lifted up her hand in his, and pressed her fingers to his lips. She