"Congratulations, you are caller number 21! You just won the VIP backstage package to the Rosalie concert this upcoming Saturday courtesy of WKFT Stone Cold Radio!" "Ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod!" "Tell us caller, what's your name?" "Ohmygod, Bella, it's Bella! Ohmygod I can't believe it!" "Believe it, Bella, you'll have a front row seat to the concert and an exclusive backstage pass to meet with Rosalie herself!" "Ohmygod! Thank you so much!" "You're most definitely welcome, now we just have one more question for you; where do you go for greatest rock experience on the airwaves?" "Ohmygod, WKFT Stone Cold Radio!" "SHHH!" The sudden hiss of air through clenched teeth brought Bella back to reality. The other librarian on duty shot her a disapproving glare as Bella forced herself to stifle as she was transferred to obtain details about her prize. Though she had to contain it, she was bouncing with joy inside. The short woman couldn't help but beam, smiling from ear to ear. Anyone would be hard pressed to find a bigger fan of Rosalie than Bella, and she was proud of that unofficial position. Tickets had sold out in minutes when they first became available, and though she loved her job, it had kept her away from those tickets. Yet now she was elated as the voice on the other end of the line began to ask for details and to explain how to redeem her ticket. She turned away from her coworker, and cupped her hand to her mouth, gushing and whispering her excitement to the radio station worker. Already in her head she was planning what to wear and what to say. She glanced at the clock, she could not wait to get home. "Ahem. Bella." The voice she dreaded sounded, and she turned to face her direct supervisor. "I'm so sorry, Angela, I'll be done soon, I'm sorry." "Hmph." The severe young woman turned on her heel and marched away. Bella had a feeling she would be paying for this in the near future. But for now, her excitement was too high. She finished the conversation and awaited her phone to beep with the arrival of her ticket. Only a moment passed before the ding sounded, and she immediately opened it, all smiles. Bella adjusted her glasses, and glanced around. Angela was gone, out of sight. And if she was in trouble, she may as well go the full distance. She pulled her earbuds out of her purse, hidden away under the front desk, and loaded up her favorite playlist. Hard rock suddenly blasted into her ears. She picked up a pile of books and started returning them to the shelves. Bella's long, brunette locks framed her face, hiding the earbud cords. On the slow days in the town library, she often worked while listening to music. It was an escape to a world of excitement for her. A world no one would suspect of her, a world whose soundtrack included the hardest of rock, the heaviest of metal. She adjusted her glasses, a practical staple of her profession, as she navigated the stacks. Sensible shoes, a plain tan-colored pencil skirt, and a white blouse made up her outfit, a perfectly normal looking librarian. Underneath, however, Bella's outfit was a slight bit racier. The woman was not much a believer in luck, though now she might be converted, as she had decided to wear her "luckiest" underthings. Black lace, the kind that revealed more than it covered, that would tease her generous bust to anyone who glanced, the kind that made her just the tiniest bit perkier to the various guests of the library. Her brain switched to auto-pilot, moving to the correct places with ease, as she lost herself in the sweet voice of her most favorite Rosalie. The song change came and suddenly Bella was blasted with the rich melody of her favorite song. Her eyes closed tighter as she listened and was enveloped in the sound. Her body trembled in excitement. The words flashed in her mind, a marquee of lyrics. They struck chords deep within her, plucking at the strings of her heart, body and soul. She opened her mouth and sang, her voice seeming silent to her as the music drowned her out. She opened her eyes, and witnessed her favorite rockstar wielding the microphone stand as if it were some weapon against silence. Her eyes were shut tight, her face contorted into a look of passion as she belted out the notes perfectly. Rosalie's hair was professionally done, perfect in it's balance of wild and controlled. Her platinum blonde hair fell to just below her shoulders, and waved about as she moved across stage. She wore a white accented sneakers, black jeans, and a short leather coat, cut to just under her chest, colored black with white accents. A white T-shirt was underneath, emblazoned across the chest with bold, stylized lettering spelling out "ROCK THIS". Bella knew she was only an inch or two shorter than the rockstar, and perhaps it was the stage, but Rosalie stood as a goddess as she hit notes that were constant reminders of Bella's obsession with her. At one point Rosalie swung by and stood at the very edge of the stage. As the band rocked behind her, she pointed out to the crowd. She threw her arm out, holding the mic out over the crowd, who chanted the chorus. She smiled, encouraging the crowd to greater volume. She looked over the front row, and for a brief moment caught eyes with Bella. Whether it was chance or intentional, the librarian caught a wink. Bella's eyes widened and her heart skipped a beat. The final song ended, the final note lingering in the air as the crowd cheered. "Thank you all you've been the best!" Rosalie yelled out, standing in a wide stance and once again pointed to the crowd, which roared their appreciation. Bella visibly shook in excitement, realizing that this was only the first part of the experience. In a short while, she would be meeting her idol. Bella was escorted by a man that must have been double her size. He wore an earpiece, black T-shirt with the word "SECURITY" emblazoned in massive white letters across the front and back. Bella marveled at the inner workings of the concert. All around, stage hands were packing up, cleaning, and getting ready to prepare for the next event. As they walked, Bella wondered if her outfit had been the worst decision she had ever made for the tenth time. She was wearing a pair of comfortable jeans and running shoes, her T-shirt was the focal point of her outfit. She had gotten it at her very first Rosalie concert, years ago, back when the rock goddess was a new artist, and surprising the billboard charts with hit after hit. Bella, then a young teen, had been able to get it signed then and there. The years however, had been kind to Bella, and unfortunately, the bust that had served her so well filled the T-shirt out perhaps too well. The stylized, some would say, retro logo on the chest was stretched out and distorted, just above the left breast was clearly visible the signature of her idol. Bella also curse that final growth spurt she had hit, as the shirt was now too short, exposing her midsection, and the tattoo that covered her lower back. A heart flanked by feathered angel's wings, it had been one of those rebellious decisions Bella had made and never looked back on. Yet another symbol of the person she hid from the rest of the world, and here her musical inspiration would be one of the only people in the world to ever see it. Actually, maybe her growth spurt wasn't such a bad thing. The giant of a man stopped in front of a door, the front of which had a small star near the center He knocked twice , his large knuckles rapping sharply, "Miss Rosalie, I have a contest winner here for you." Bella swallowed nervously. There was a moment of silence before the sweet voice sounded from behind the door, "All right, come on in!" The large man opened the door and motioned for Bella to enter. The woman was already starstruck when she entered the dressing room, and shook noticeably as she stood just inside. As the guard moved to enter after, Rosalie spoke, "It's okay, Emmett, I'll be okay." The guard frowned, but sighed, not being the first time the star overruled his standing instructions. He turned and closed the door behind him, leaving the two alone. Rosalie sat on a wide, comfortable looking couch. There was a TV set to the side, and all around were clothes, either folded or on racks. She herself had changed clothes, now wearing comfortable blue jeans, and a loose fitting purple tank top. Her bare feet were propped up on a small coffee table in front of the couch. The rocker held up a small hand and waved it at her fan, she nearly giggled as she greeted Bella, "Hey." Bella bit her lip, and suddenly gushed, "Ohmygod Rosalie! I can't believe I'm here. I can't believe you are here! I can't believe this is happening!" She started suddenly towards the seated star, and spoke again, "I know you probably hear this all the time, but I am your biggest fan!" Bella held her hands together to her chest, "I have all your songs, posters, even your perfume!" Rosalie raised an eyebrow, but did not seem phased by the gushing fan. It was true that it was not the first time she had heard it. However, as she eyed Bella up and down quickly, her eyes caught on the signature on the fan's shirt, she had not seen that particular shirt in the longest time. "Come on, sit down, what's your name again?" Rosalie patted the couch next to her, and Bella walked around the coffee table to nearly collapse into the seat, she was so nervous. "I'm so sorry! Bella, my name is Bella. I can't believe I didn't say who I was, I could have been anybody. What if I was some kind of crazy person? I could have-" "Easy does it, girl. Take a breath. Just relax. I'm just a normal person, and we're both here to hang out. So just relax. Take a breath." Bella inhaled deeply, holding it in then expelling it suddenly, "Thanks." She beamed and the rocker tilted her head, returning the smile, "It's just, and I know it sounds crazy, needy, whatever, but I really am just the biggest fan. I love your work, everything about you. And the fact that I'm here, and that you are nice, just means the world to me." Rosalie reclined into a more comfortable position, "That' very sweet of you, and I mean that. I know people say that all the time as a dismissal, but really, thanks hun." Bella's heart melted. She called her hun! "That shirt..." Rosalie started, nodding to the garment Bella was wearing. The brunette blushed, "I'm sorry, it's my favorite shirt. I had gotten it years ago, and I guess I've outgrown it a bit. I know I must look ridiculous in this, but I got it-" "At my premiere concert," Rosalie completed, "I remember that design. They changed the look of the logo right after that. I haven't seen those in a long time, and I see you got it signed too! So I guess this isn't the first time we've met, huh?" she grinned. Bella blushed deeper, "I-I guess not." "Don't worry about how you look though, you look great." She winked, and Bella's heart melted yet again, "Love the tat, too. I don't have any of my own but I've been thinking of getting one." "O-oh, thank you!" Bella looked up the blonde's eyes, and noticed the deepest blue she had