Disclaimer: I do not own the Twilight Saga series or its characters. All the credit goes to Stephanie Meyer. I'm just putting a little twist on her magical world. Enjoy :) Chapter 1 Moja " If you wish to move mountains tomorrow, you must start by lifting stones today" Dawn was always my favorite part of the day. Golden rays streaking through the murky indigo sky. Orange and pink intertwining and meshing together, touching the clouds as the sun awakens. Sighing, I stand up out of my crouched position groaning as my muscles crack. I stretch quickly and climb down the ladder I used to get on the rooftop. Gram doesn't like it when I'm up here without telling her, but I couldn't help it this morning. I had a very weird dream last night and it's plagued my mind ever since. Brush it off . . . it means nothing, I shake my head and concentrate on closing the side door to the house quietly so I don't disturb my gram. Walking into the kitchen, I help myself to some cereal with toast and jam. Looking at the clock, it just turned 6:10. Gram should be down in 1 . . . 2 . . . 3 . . . "Ah my beautiful Mar, good morning sweetheart" Gram chirps cheerfully, giving my shoulders a squeeze and a kiss on my cheek. "Good morning Ugogo" I smile at gram tenderly, although it doesn't reach my eyes. "Did you get any sleep last night sweetie, you look so tired." Gram glances at me as she makes her own breakfast. She beats the eggs in the bowl as she looks at me knowingly. She always knows. "Umm . . . I just had a very bad dream last night." I say, shifting my seat uncomfortably. I didn't really want to talk about it much. Hell, I didn't even understand half of it myself. Besides, you shouldn't overthink it anyways. I shrug mentally and watch as Gram cooks. "I know you were on that rooftop this morning." Gram states displeasingly, as the bacon on the skillet sizzles and pops. "I'm sorry Gram . . . I just needed – "To clear your mind . . . I know . . ." Gram cuts me off as she finishes cooking. Sitting down at the wooden round table, Gram says, "Your mother was the same way, lost in her mind all the time." Ugogo grins, her eyes bittersweet. It was always hard talking about mom. She passed 7 years ago, but the loss was still fresh in our hearts. Smiling at Gram warmly, I stand up from the table and clean up my mess. Throwing my dirty dishes in the sink water to soak. I glance at the clock again. It's 6:34. I don't have that much longer 'till I have to be at work. Rolling my eyes mentally, I prepare myself for my upcoming shift. Being a waitress isn't the best job yet, but hey money gets the bills paid. Glancing at Grams warm breakfast I wish I spared myself enough time this morning. You were too busy worrying about a dumb dream. Yeah, yeah whatever. Ending my mental rant, I hug Grams and tell her that I love her and that I'd see her later this evening. She smiles and as I leave, scrambling for my things. I miss the look on her face as I leave for work. ... ... "Aye Amare! How's it going beautiful?" Dion, my foolish co-worker and friend shouts at me . . . although I'm only about 2 feet away. God he's so obnoxiously annoying, but he can be serious sometimes. Emphasis on the sometimes, but he is a good friend and helps the day go by faster. "Go away trouble," I smirk as his face mimics a pouting puppy face. It never works on me though. "Why do you insist on breaking my fragile heart," Dion whines dramatically, throwing a hand over his heart for good measure. "Why do you insist on annoying my entire being?" I question back, arching an eyebrow playfully. "Good question, but you know I don't annoy you . . . I just make my presence overwhelmingly known, see there's a difference." Dion gives a wink and smirks as I wait for my orders to serve. "You're gonna get yourself in trouble, being back here too long. Marcus is gonna yell at you." I say knowingly as Dion shrugs off my comment; not caring that I mentioned our employer. He's not one to care about the repercussions of his own actions. Yep that's Dion for ya. "I'll be just fine." Dion shrugs again, uncaringly. But really, he doesn't have to care much. This is his father's place anyways. "Whatever you say Dion," I suppress my giggles as I hear Marcus yelling for Dion to get back to work. Dion groans and leaves me to my own work; serving customer after customer, as he cleans up behind them. The day drags on as I try not to mule over my thoughts. Specifically, my dreams, or current dream for the matter. Leave it alone Amare. I push my obsessive thoughts to the back of my mind . . . for later evaluation. ... ... "Hey kiddo! Get home safely now. Good job today, I'll see you on Monday?" Marcus calls out to me as I leave. Dion, Marcus, and I just finished closing the place down for the evening. We tend to close earlier on the weekends. We don't offer booze, so it's no point running a restaurant that doesn't sell a bottle of liquid courage 'till late night. Plus, the restaurant has been lowly staffed for a while. Marcus's shop is like a second home. He really helped me and my Gram out after my mom's passing . . . I owe him and more. "Thank you, Marcus, I'll get home safe. I'll be here Monday. See you later Dion." I wave as I walk down the street to the bus stop. "Text me when you get home!" Dion shouts as I get on the bus. "Sure D!" I yell back as the city bus closes quickly. I quickly pay my fee, sit in an open seat, and close my eyes as the bus takes off. ... ... "Hey baby! How was your day?" Ugogo, my gram greets me as I enter our small home. "Hey Gram! My day was alright. Same ole crap different day. How was your day Gram?" I ask as I take off my shoes and jacket at the door. "Don't use that word again it sounds filthy!" Gram's nose scrunches up as she chastises me, although I'm nearing 19. But I feel as if I'm going on 30 with the amount of responsibilities I have. Before I can respond Ugogo says, "Anyways today was interesting. I got three young girls who I get to help transition here. I believe they're around your age too, a bit younger because they're still in high school. They'll also be staying with us for a while too." Gram's eyes shine as she rambles on excitedly about the girls. Grams is currently a part of the IRC. That means international rescue committee. They help refugees with living quarters, jobs, languages and anything else really that can help them transition in different countries better. Gram helps officially and unofficially with the refugees she's assigned. Meaning she helps even after her work is done. She is a well-respected and much-loved figure in the community. I swear this job was made for her. She has such a big heart. As she rambled on I was surprised with certain things she told me – current local news and details about the girls. Who would've guessed that a Zambian refugee camp would be set in my hometown? Syracuse. Of all places in the billion other small cities in America? Who would've guessed that the country the girls were coming from were from where my family is from? Eh, technically I'm not from Zambia, I'm second-generation "American", but still I'm Zambian. "Sweetie you should grab your phone, it's making that buzzing sound again." Gram mentions during my internal mid dialogue. She gestures towards my jacket, where I've left my buzzing cell. I get up and grab my phone, the incessant buzzing getting on my nerves now. Wondering who would want to bother me now. I open my screen. I missed five calls, and I have seven unread texts. All of them which is from my obnoxiously annoying, but caring friend Dion. ' Hey r u in da house?' ' Hey why aren't you answering me *insert sad face* since I'm emoji-less *insert funny laughy face* hahaha ;D' ' Don't ignore me Amare *insert angry face* ' Sike, I'm not angry. Jus want to know if you okay' ' Are you okay? … OMG you didn't break a leg, or trip over a pothole did you!?' *insert surprised face* ' Amare text me or call me ya kno? Let me kno that yu didn't trip over a pothole, or a clown didn't eat u kay? I couldn't live with myself if I let a clown drown u in a drain.' ' OMG a clown ate you, didn't it?' I can't help but laugh as I finish reading his text messages. Deciding to ease his clown eating worries, I give him a call as I head upstairs to my room. Not before telling Ugogo goodnight though. I give her kiss and she tells me to eat a little something. I take a plate of leftovers out the microwave. Gram always leaves it there. And I wait for Dion to answer. "Oh my God! It's really you Amare?" His voice answers. "Duh it's me ya moron." I laugh slightly as he chuckles. "Well you didn't text me back as soon as you got home, you are a liar miss thang, and you could've easily avoided this rant. I had no other conclusion as to why you wouldn't answer the phone or text me back besides a rampaging serial killer clown okay? Seriously though, a lot happens in town, you know that. You should be more careful. Not saying that you aren't. This is just coming from a friend who cares ya know?" He breathes out all in one breathe surprisingly. "For a guy, you sure can talk." I joke lightly, while stating my true thoughts. Although I'm sure he already knows what I think. He knows me too well. "Oh, stop with the unnecessary comments. I didn't ask for that." Dion snaps back quickly. "I think you need to eat a Snickers, you get a little sassy when you need chocolate." I laugh and he joins. "You know what I think you're right." He chuckles, as I hear shuffling and noise in the background. "Got your Snickers yet?" I ask, humor tinting my voice. "Sure DID." Dion says before he bites noisily into the candy bar – might I add. "Okay great, now that that's settled . . . am I forgiven? Because I'm talking to you now and I haven't been killed by a serial killer clown?" I ask as I hear him humming in response. Thinking about if he's gonna forgive me or not, but I know he already has. "Miss Amare, you are forgiven. Just be more careful." He says. "Thanks D. I will." I smile. I tell him that I'm about to let him go, but he relents. "Wait! You didn't tell me what was up with you earlier?" Dion whines. "What do you mean?" I ask questioningly. "Don't play stupid, you know what I mean. You must think I'm not observant at all. I know you better than I know the US History Regents. I know something is up. You were … off today at work. Did you … have another dream?" Dion asks carefully. "I did . . . but it's really nothing to worry about.