December 31, 2002 Firecrackers filled the air in the small surrounding the little camp fire the Quileutae Tribal Council put together for their New Year's celebration. I peered around Mr. Black and Old Quil where I find my three best friends lighting sparklers, holding them near each other so close that I was worried one may burn the other. "Those boys are so stupid," Rebecca Black grinned at me. She's four years older than me but still manages to be one of the kindest people I know. She was holding her long wooden stick that held the remaining contents of her s'more. "Thirty minutes till midnight. Which one ya'gonna kiss?" Her eyes twinkle as she pointedly looks in the direction of the boys she was just making fun of: Embry, Quil, and Jacob, her little brother. "Get real, Rebecca." I rolled my eyes. Those three are my best friends, that would never happen. Even though I loved those three boys equally as brothers, I found myself leaning more toward the Black family as my second family. Since Ms. Sarah died, I just found myself over there more often than ever. Sometimes I wouldn't even hang out with Jacob, just his sisters. Now with their being sixteen, our age difference has caught up to us. "Jeannette," Rebecca's older sister by three minutes made an appearance, accompanied by a tray of potato chips that I helped myself to. "Tell them to calm down with the fire. The last thing we need is Jacob getting burned." The sisters exchanged a glance, knowing what a big baby Jacob would be about it if it actually happened. There was something about only hanging out with boys that made me feel sad, and that's when I lacked female companionship. That's what I got from Rachel and Rebecca. However that doesn't mean I don't enjoy hanging out with the boys! I get up from the lawn chair and join them. Quil used his lit sparkler to help me light my own. There was something that each boy gave me in my life that I deeply appreciated about each of them. Quil was the most loyal person I knew. On top of being just an easygoing and friendly person, he would stop what he was doing and do anything for any of his close friends. Jacob welcomed me into an extended part of his family when we both needed it the most. He can cheer me up on any given day because his optimistic personality is almost infectious. Last but not least, Embry: He's the one that understands me the most. While I do love these three boys equally, Embry and I find ourselves on a different level than Quil and Jacob. We both grew up in single-parent households. His mother came from the Makah Reservation with an unidentified father, while my grandmother raised me. When we long for the type of family relationships Jacob has with his family, we allow that longing to be found in one another. You can say it's a bond that I have found to appreciate more and more as the years have passed. Ten year old Seth Clearwater emerges from the shore line from helping the adults blow the fireworks. "10 minutes till midnight!" He yelled in excitement. "Leah!" I heard Rachel call for her childhood friend. Leah had been busy entertaining her new boyfriend, Sam Uley though. I knew that they had probably been kissing all night. Is that what happens when you turn sixteen? You just want to get a boyfriend and kiss them all night? My nose crinkled. No way will that ever happen to me. After a few moments passing, Old Quil yells, "One minute till midnight!" the adults start setting up the fireworks for when it officially hits 2003. "Quick!" Embry spat out. "Say something you want to do this year, hurry before midnight comes." Quil started first, "I want to give Paul Lahote a piece of my mind." Jacob excitedly exclaimed, "I want to learn how to fix a motorcycle." "I want just want to pass Pre-Algebra," Embry admitted sheepishly. When they directed their attention toward me, I realized that our entire group had already started counting down from 20. "I guess…" I don't really have any idea what to say. "I guess I just want to keep you guys around. You're the best friends I've ever had." My blush turns up on my face, because it's moments like these where I wanted to have female friends. Embry flashed me a smile and nudged me, while Jacob and Quil just rolled their eyes at my corny answer. "7…6…5…4…" The four of us decided to join in. At the top of our lungs, we scream into the new year. "3…2…1…Happy New Year!" I see the couples kissing each other. Sam and Leah, Old Quil and his wife, Harry and Sue Clearwater. I just scrunch my nose at them all and turn to my best friends. I throw my arms around Quil and Embry, grabbing Jacob by the collar of his shirt to force him into this embrace. "Happy New Year to my favorite bone heads." We all laughed and smiled into the on-going line of fireworks that I'm sure could be seen throughout the entire Reservation. 4 years later "Please take it for what it is, Jacob. I could find any kind of beat up motorcycle and you couldn't help yourself but to fix it." Quil smirked at his best friend, who is practically doing free labor for his father fixing all the bikes he owns. "It's a shame really, you should charge for your services." "It's called a hobby," Jacob retorted. "Besides, if I did, who would I have to bother me about it?" He quirked his eyebrow back to the boy sitting across from him on the work bench. "Yeah, yeah," I hushed them, finally fed up with their banter. "Why don't you all make yourself useful, hop on one of these bikes, and go find Embry?" Jacob and Quil exchanged a look, which I ignored. "Chill, Jay. I'm sure he's sleeping in. We're growing boys. That's what we do." Jacob's attempts to calm me don't settle well. I haven't seen Embry since yesterday when he went home for lunch. I know he said he felt like he had a fever, but it wasn't like him to just not let one of us know what's going on. "You say that now, Jacob but I wouldn't be surprised if Sam Uley and his little gang tried initiating Embry-" "Don't even say that." Jacob's response was cold. The severity in his voice took me by surprise. Sure, Sam Uley and his followers are unnerving, intimidating, and a little pathetic, but that's doesn't mean I think Embry would ever actually succumb to them. "Jacob, she was kidding," Quil clarified. Jacob throws an apologetic look my way. "Sorry, Jay. I just don't like the way they've been looking at me lately. It's like they're waiting for me to combust or somethin'." He shook his head, as if he knows the thought is ridiculous in itself. "I just don't even want to imagine any of us actually joining them." "Well," I kicked my feet off the work bench Quil and I were sitting on. "If any of you do, I'm seriously kicking your ass." The two boys laughed at my heeded warning, not knowing how serious I actually was. "Quil," I repeated myself for the fourth time into the telephone. "I'm telling you. Something is wrong." Embry has not been heard from in weeks. Any time Quil and I made it over to Tiffany Call's house, she either wasn't home or directed us toward Sam Uley's house. How irresponsible of a mother could she be for allowing her sixteen year old son to hang out with gang members like Sam Uley, Jared Cameron, and Paul Lahote? Now, Jacob is sick. Just like Embry was. Quil quickly dismisses the idea that Jacob also joined the Uley Gang. He's upset by Embry's sudden departure, but I'm clearly the most upset out of the three of us. Possibly now the two of us since we haven't been hearing from Jacob either. "Okay, look. Come pick me up and we'll ride over to Billy's house." I didn't even give him a proper goodbye before I hung up the phone and snatched my grandma's keys to drive to the Ateara household. When I see Quil, he's clearly bothered by the weird shit going on but his eyes are guarded like he's in denial. "Billy will let us see Jake. Even when he had chickenpox- remember that? Billy let us in almost every day to visit." I remembered but once again, attempts to withhold my worry has failed. Pulling up in the driveway, we parked closest to the wheelchair accessible ramp. I'm kind of in a rush and didn't feel like running across the multi-acred yard. "Calm down," Quil instructed me, probably feeding off my nervous energy. Billy answers the door with a polite gruff. "How are you kids doing?" Unlike most visits, however, Billy doesn't welcome us in. He attempts to carry on a conversation with us on the front porch. "Can we see Jake?" I skipped right to the point, almost rudely but not enough to where I cared about hospitality. "He's actually still sick, Jeannette. Even though I told you that yesterday when you called," he gave me a pointed look. If I didn't have so much respect for this old man, I would have slapped him silly. I'm not usually one to allow people to speak to me like that. I exchanged a look with Quil, who's worry and hesitation was now set on his face. He had not spoken throughout this entire exchange yet. Not that I don't believe Billy, but there's something about his stance that gives me enough doubt to where I think he could be twisting the truth. Is Jake sick? I'm not sure, but I'm about to find out. I could have never done this with Tiffany Call, but Billy Black knows me well enough for me to be family. "Yeah, I'm sorry, Billy." He leaves enough room between the door frame and his wheelchair to allow me to slip on past him into their house. Quil grunted in surprise and disbelief from behind me and then Billy's wheelchair followed me, in no rush at all. Billy actually doesn't even seem to surprised by my actions. I found the door that leads to Jake's bedroom and grab the knob to force the door open. It doesn't budge. "It's locked?" My voice sounded accusatory toward Billy. None of the Black children have ever had locks put on their door. It was their mother's rule. "Yes," Billy replied curtly. "I put it on there for him when the doctor told us he had mono." I stare blankly into Quil's eyes. Is this really happening? Are we really being denied access to our best friends? First, Embry- My heart sunk when I imagined Embry's laughing, joyful face. Our friendship has blossomed tremendously over the years. I came to terms with the fact that there were some things I could only talk to him about; some things that Jacob and Quil just wouldn't understand. I left my expression blank as I swiftly exited the Black household, purposely excluding an apology to Billy for barging in on him. Quil lagged behind me, being more quiet than I intended him to be. He's been the one that lifted us up during this entire situation. For the first time ever, Quil witnessed me cry. "Please Quil," I whimpered, sitting in my car. "Please don't leave me too. I don't want you to be next." Quil's eyes grew distant. I know that he's missing his two best friends also. He also looks scared that he could be next. "Look," he grabbed my wrist and looked me in the eye. "No matter what they offer me,