Thank you to our wonderful beta darcysmom who is always there with encouraging words and makes our writing look that much better. You rock! Thank you to christag_banners for our wonderful banner she made for this. You can check it out on our blog. This little piece was written fo0r the Fandom4Children compilation back in April. ~OooOooO~ "A goal and an assist. Nice game, Ed." "Thanks, Jazz. How's the shoulder?" "Hurts like a mother fucker. That little shit Jacob Black hit me hard, dislocated it. He better watch his back next time we meet." Jasper Whitlock was one of the Flyers best defense men. In the last few minutes of the game Black checked him into the boards pretty hard. Jazz had to be helped off the ice. Black's attempts didn't help since we still beat the Rangers 4-3. In the month since I was traded to Philadelphia from Vancouver, Jasper was the only one that didn't give me shit like the rest of the team. He had once been in my shoes when he was traded two years ago from the Dallas Stars, so he knew how it felt to be an outsider. Some of the other players were just starting to warm up to me but some days it felt like I truly was the odd man out. "You heading to Franklin's Place tonight?" "Yeah, how about you?" "I need to ice the shoulder first but I'll be there." Franklin's Place was a little bar in the city that all the players liked to go to when they were home. It also happened to be owned by one of my good friend's Emmett McCarty. Emmett bought the bar after a leg injury benched him from the game for good. "I'm gonna hit the showers. I guess I'll meet you there." "See, ya." I grabbed my towel and clothes and headed for the showers. My body felt like shit, and I knew the crappy showers in the arena would do nothing to soothe my muscles. I'd have to soak in the Jacuzzi when I got home later. Hockey was nowhere near a glamorous life, but I loved playing the game. Your body took a beating every time you hit the ice. A good hit to the boards would give you some bruises, aches and pains. That was nothing compared to black eyes, missing teeth and concussions most players saw on a regular basis. Lucky for me the worst injury I received was a broken nose when I got into a fight. I turned the water off and grabbed the towel from the hook before drying off and getting my suit back on. It was expected of all players on the Flyers and most other hockey teams in the NHL to wear a suit to and from the arena. It was a show of class and respect off the ice. On my way out of the locker room I stopped to sign a few autographs before making my way to my car. The ride to Franklin's Place didn't take long at all and before I knew it I was parking my car. On most nights when a home game was played the bar would be filled with players and fans alike, celebrating a victory or drowning their loss. By the way the parking lot was filled it didn't look any different tonight. After losing the suit jacket and rolling my sleeves up, I walked toward the entrance. A chime over the door announced my arrival. There were players and fans mingled together sitting around at high tables chatting away about the win over the Rangers. Other people sat around watching some game that was on the flat screen TV. I waved to a few team mates before going straight to the bar for a beer. Emmett was so engrossed in conversation with a customer he didn't see me approach the bar. "What's it take to get a beer around here?" "Ed! Good to see ya. Nice game tonight." Emmett shook my hand before going to pour me my usual beer. "Thanks. So, how's it going?" Emmett slid a beer in front of me. "Real good. Rose and I got engaged over the weekend." "Congrats, man. It's been a long time coming." "No shit. If she turned me down one more time I was giving up. How about you?" "Same shit, different day." "You still seeing, Irina?" "Hell, no! She decided women were more appealing to her than men." I thought Emmett was gonna pass out he was laughing so hard. "I'm glad I could amuse you." I flipped Emmett off before turning on my stool to see a gorgeous, sexy brunette walking through the front door. As she walked closer I got a better look at just how beautiful she was. Her long brown hair was pulled back in a ponytail, she had beautiful dark brown eyes that looked like melted chocolate and pillowy soft lips that were meant to be kissed. Her tight black t-shirt accentuated ample breasts that would just fill a man's hands. Her small waist led to slender legs clad in denim. Her smile was warm and I couldn't help but return it. She walked past me assaulting me with an intoxicating smell of fresh lavender. I turned on my stool getting the most perfect view of her slender hips swaying and soft, round curves of her ass as she made her way behind the bar. She kissed Emmett's cheek, saying a hello before placing her stuff under the bar. I looked up to see Emmett scowling at me. "Dude! You think you could close your mouth and stop drooling over my little sister." " That's your little sister?" Emmett turned toward the beautiful little brunette. "Baby Bell, come over here for a minute." "Ed … this is my little sister, Bella. Bella this is Ed … he's a buddy of mine. He plays for the Flyers." Bella cocked her eyebrow and held out her hand. "It's Edward actually but it's nice to meet you, Bella." "Nice to meet you too, Ed … ward." She grinned. "So what's the deal Em … you can't afford paid help, so you enlisted your beautiful little sister here to tend bar and lure in the customers? We know it's not your charm that brings them in." Bella blushed deeply and I winked at her as Emmett guffawed. "Fuck you, Masen. Because of that comment, you can pay for your own damn beers tonight." He laughed and walked toward the other end of the bar, leaving me in a mildly awkward silence with Bella. "So .. you had a game tonight?" Bella asked with a shy smile. "Yeah, I usually come here after a game. If we win, I have a celebratory beer with the guys. If we lose I have a couple shots and go home." "So are you having beer or a shot?" I pointed to my half empty beer bottle. "Oh, right." Bella blushed again. "Sorry I'm out of the loop. I came straight here from work. Em just texted me and told me he needed me tonight, I should have put two and two together." Another customer hollered at her and Bella held up a finger to let me know she'd be back with me in a minute. She filled a few orders and came back to stand in front of me. "Need a refill?" I smiled crookedly and nodded. "So … where do you work? You said your shift just ended?" "I'm a nurse at CHOP. I help Em out whenever he needs me." "So you're telling me you pulled a twelve hour shift and then came here to help your brother?" "Pretty much." Bella grinned. "That's insane!" "Tonight was quiet at work. If I was too tired, I would have told Em I couldn't come in, but … since tomorrow's my day off, it's cool." Hmmm … interesting bit of information. I'd just met Bella, but here I was thankful for the little bit of information she'd given me. I felt drawn to her – the chocolate depths of her eyes and her warm smile pulled me in. Jasper slid onto the barstool beside me and pulled me into a conversation when Bella excused herself to help other customers. Before I knew it, Emmett was announcing last call and Jazz was asking me if I wanted to share a cab with him. "No, thanks, man. I'm good to drive." Jazz slapped my shoulder and took off out the door. The crowd inside the bar had thinned out considerably – just a few patrons left staring at the flat screen TV's a little bleary eyed. Emmett went into the back room leaving Bella behind the bar. I was catching up on highlights of other games on the little screen of my iPhone as I finished my beer. I was so lost in the scores that I never saw Jacob Black come in and sit at the bar. Bella came over and asked me if I needed anything else and I asked for a coke which she slid across the bar with a smile. I watched as she rounded a few of the tables, collecting glasses and empty bottles. I heard a loud crash – breaking glass and a squeal. I looked up to see Jacob Black towering over Bella, her tiny wrist enveloped in his grasp. "Let go of me!" Bella cried. I immediately jumped up and made my way over to where Bella and Jacob were. "Let her go, Black," I growled. "EM!" Bella screeched. "Is she your little bitch, Masen?" Jacob asked as he pushed Bella away. Bella fell into an adjacent table, her hand catching a piece of broken glass. Luckily I reacted quickly enough to catch her so she didn't fall into the glass and liquid mess on the floor. "JACOB BLACK! Get. The. Fuck. Out. Of. My. Bar." Emmett yelled as he stormed in from the back room. "I got ya," I said softly to Bella as I held her. I picked Bella up bridal style and quickly carried her around the bar as Emmett jumped in Jacob's face. I placed her gingerly on the counter and turned on the tap in the sink next to us. "We need to make sure there's not any glass in your hand, Bella." She held onto my bicep as I gently guided her hand under the cool water. "Ow, ow, ow … that stings." "I know it does … just hang in there, okay?" Bella nodded and squeezed her eyes closed. Once I'd determined there wasn't any glass in her hand, I grabbed a few napkins from the bar top and pressed them to her hand. Bella hissed and opened her eyes as a tear rolled down her cheek. "Jesus, Bella … I'm sorry." "No … you're fine. You're doing the right thing, Edward. I've just never been good with pain or the sight of my own blood," Bella said softly. "Being a nurse, blood doesn't affect you?" "In large amounts yes, but it's my own blood that bothers me the most. Weird I know, but that's how it is." "So you work at the Children's Hospital?" I had noticed that keeping her focused on the conversation was keeping her mind off her hand. The bleeding was slowing down but I'm sure it was still painful. The cut was pretty deep. It was also keeping her mind off the scuffle that was going on between Jacob Black, a couple of his fellow Rangers and Emmett. At least I thought it was …. "Uh huh. Umm … Edward … can you help Emmett, please? I really don't want to see him lose his establishment license because of that asshole." "Are you …" I trailed off, raising my eyebrow in question. "I'm okay. I'll keep pressure on this and I promise you can put a bandage on it when you come back. Please help Em."