Disclaimer: I don't own anything Twilight. It all belongs to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended, but characterizations, plot lines, backgrounds and details of this story are mine. No copying or reproduction without my permission. A/N: Hey, guys. I won't bore you with explanations of why this is being posted so damn late, because I know you just want to read the chapter, but I will say I'm sorry for the delay. Truly, I am. As always, a big thanks goes to JMCullen for being an amazing wifey, and an even bigger thanks goes to the lovely V , for her encouragement and advice and incoherent reactions to the chapter. I love you both so fucking much. Thanks to those of you who will be reading the sequel – I know I managed to piss most of you off, but Camisado was always going to close that way and it was unavoidable. A new blog for HIYA is up – the link is on my profile. Once again, I'll be posting teasers as and when I have them written. Enjoy! xx Oh! What a tangled web we weave When first we practise to deceive! ~ Sir Walter Scott Both shattered halves of my heart were pounding. I couldn't breathe. My shoulder burned. I had to keep going. Every inch of distance I put between myself and Bella pierced my heart even further, but I'd promised her I'd get help and there was no fucking way I was going to break that. I owed her this; my pain was inconsequential, especially when it would result in her being freed from hers. I could barely see through the tears that were blurring my vision, but was able to make out the final, open doors that led to safety, and pushed forwards with all my might. Every moment's delay could cost Bella and our child their lives, and I refused to let them down. They needed me. The second I was out in the open, two men rushed to meet me and started to pull me towards a row of Hummers that were guarding the area, but I quickly yanked myself from their grasp. "Bella-" I gasped breathlessly. "Bella's hurt-" "Wh-" "Agent Swan!" I shouted angrily. Why were they wasting time? "We have to go back in there!" I turned and started to run back towards the doors, expecting them to follow, but instead they body-blocked me. "Masen, you can't go back in there!" "Get your fucking hands off me!" I struggled as hard as I could against them, but they were too strong and my shoulder was useless. "Bella needs help!" "Masen!" A third, dark-haired man rushed towards us, looking panic-stricken. "Where is she?" "Bottom of the staircase," I forced out, ignoring the harsh pain in my shoulder each time I tried to break free. "She needs help! She said to tell you code black ." He froze. "Code black? Are you sure that's what she said?" " Yes! She told me to tell you exactly that!" I gestured helplessly at the door. "Please. She's pregnant! You need to-" He closed his eyes. Gave a heavy sigh. "Cuff him." " WHAT?" Horror flooded through my veins as I realized they were going to abandon her just like they had me, and I knew I had to act fast. I'd only get one shot at this. By some miracle, the guy to my right reached behind him, giving me the only opportunity I needed. I twisted my arm from his grip and turned to my left, bringing my knee up into the other man's stomach and forcing him to let me go. Before they had the chance to capture me again, I pulled my gun on the three of them and took their momentary shock as a chance to run back towards the entrance to the compound. Number three quickly caught up with me, though, and tried to block me again. "Get the fuck out of my way," I snarled, flipping the gun on him. He held his hands up in surrender. "Masen, you don't want it to go down like this." "MOVE!" "It's what Bella wants," he sighed. I shook my head, refusing to believe him. Bella would never do that, not when she knew she was pregnant. She promised me. "You can lie all you want. Either way, I'm not leaving without her," I told him coldly as I walked backwards, keeping him and all the other fuckers in sight. I didn't trust any of them, and they'd given me no reason to. They'd given up on Bella, just like they'd given up on me, but I refused to let them win, not this time. "Think about it," Number three said calmly. "If she wanted someone to go back for her, why not tell you to ask us for help instead of giving you a code to say when she knew you wouldn't understand its meaning?" He was trying to trick me… Trying to make me doubt Bella… It wouldn't work. "She is pregnant with our child." I kept my gaze fixed on his so he'd know I wasn't going to break down and give in. "She would not put herself or our baby at risk and lie to me like that. She loves me." "I don't doubt that she does," Number three said softly. "I've known her since she was eighteen years old, and I know that if she loves you as much as she seems to, she would lie to save your life. So please… This is your last warning." "Fuck you." Before I even had the chance to move, an unbearable weight forced me to the ground and my arms were twisted behind me at a cripplingly painful angle. I fought as hard as I fucking could, no longer feeling the excruciating pain in my arm as my emotions overrode my body. Bella was everything to me. We were meant to be together; things weren't supposed to be like this. I should have been the one trapped in that hellhole, not her. I needed to get her out. That was all that mattered to me now. "EMMETT?" I tried to lift my head at the sound of Rose's voice, but whoever was on top of me forced it against the concrete again. If Emmett was here, he'd help me get to Bella; he was the one who helped her plan this entire thi- Number three wrapped Rosalie in his arms and kissed the top of her head. "Shhhh, Rosie." My blood ran cold. "You son of a bitch!" I writhed beneath the fucker pinning me down as rage and despair gripped me like a vice. "She trusted you! SHE FUCKING TRUSTED YOU!" "Let him go, Emmett!" Rose pleaded. "Please! Bella's pregnant… You can't leave the baby in there. Em, please!" I couldn't see what was going on, but suddenly my neck was being exposed and Rosalie's voice became panicked. "EMMETT, NO! NO! STOP IT! DON'T HURT HIM!" I knew what was coming. My time was almost up; I only had a few more seconds to act. Pulling all my remaining strength together, I rolled violently onto my back, forcing the person on top of me onto the ground as I scrambled to my feet and aimed my gun at Rosalie's head. "I'll kill her!" I yelled, panting from exertion. "I swear to God, I'll do it!" Everyone stopped breathing, except for Rosalie, who stared at me with a strange expression on her face. She closed her eyes for a moment, and when she reopened them a new fire was blazing inside them. "Emmett, do as he says," she said softly. "He's not lying." Wasn't I? Could I really do that? Could I kill someone Bella had risked her life to save? If it meant saving our child… "You need her," I found myself saying. "If she's dead… You've lost everything." "Masen…" Emmett said calmly, then cautiously took a step forward, like he was approaching a wild animal. At that moment, I suppose I pretty much was. I was in survival mode, doing anything and everything I could to protect the ones I loved. "Don't you take another fucking step," I hissed, "unless it's in Bella's direction." "Okay," he replied, but didn't move towards the doors. Instead, he just shot a meaningful look over my shoulder. I had no idea who it was meant for, but I wasn't taking any chances. Lunging forwards, I grabbed Rosalie and pulled her back against me, my arm across her shoulders tight enough to restrain her without cutting off her air supply. She gripped hold of my arm with both hands, but instead of resisting me, she pushed it harder against herself. "Emmett…" she whimpered. "Please…" "What are you doing?" I whispered lowly. "Trying to save your baby's life," she replied quietly, "please trust me." Before I could open my mouth to reply, she stomped down on my foot and screamed, "Now!" Arms restrained me from behind me as I let Rosalie go in shock, and then something sharp was being stabbed into my neck and everything began to fade… " Edward?" Gentle laughs, soft touches. " Baby, you need to wake up." Brilliant smiles, swollen belly. " I love you." Warm lips, loving kiss. " I need you." Cold. " Help me." Pain. " It hurts… Edward, help me." Panic. " Please…" Tears. " Don't give up on me…" I awoke with a gasp. "Edwar-" I reacted to the sudden presence beside me in a second, barely even registering who the voice belonged to until my good hand was wrapped around their throat. "Stop!" Rosalie choked out, clutching my hand tightly. "Edward, it's me!" "I know who you fucking are," I spat. "Where's Bella?" "You're in-…" She struggled to gasp in air as her fingernails dug into my skin. "You're in a medical centre. In Oregon." "That's not what I asked." I tightened my hold even further, keeping my glare steadily fixed on her. I was vaguely aware of a steady throbbing in my shoulder, and assumed they must have patched me up somehow, but I couldn't have cared less at that moment. "Where's Bella?" "She's…" Tears flowed freely down her face, but I didn't feel sorry for her. She sold me out after everything Bella and I did for her. I had no time for sympathy. "I can't… Breathe…" "Did they get her out?" I demanded. She shook her head infinitesimally, and I immediately released her throat as I threw the thin sheets that covered me to the end of the bed and struggled to my feet. "Where are my fucking clothes?" "Wh-What…" she croaked hoarsely. "What are you doing?" "What do you think I'm fucking doing?" I spat, looking around the room. "Edward, you can't lea-" "Watch me." Giving up on my search for proper clothes, I pulled out the IV needle from the back of my hand and headed for the door, ignoring the ever intensifying pain in my shoulder and aching in my bones. Before I got the chance to open the door, it swung open, and I was greeted with the concerned face of Emmett. Rage flooded through me as my hands curled into tight fists. "Get out of the way," I growled. "Edward…" "I won't tell you again, asshole." Emmett sighed. With a quick glance at Rosalie, he slowly stepped aside, freeing the doorway. I moved swiftly past him into the corridor, then froze when I saw the electronic touchpads on the wall beside every door. "You can't get out," came Emmett's voice from behind me. "Not without an access card." I closed my eyes, fighting the overwhelming emotions that swelled inside me. I couldn't fail her. I couldn't give up, not after all she had done for me. "Where's Carlisle?" I managed to grind out calmly. I was clutching at straws, but if there was anybody on this planet capable of getting her back