N/A: After a long time, finally I published another story. I would like to say that I will not write about a "Percy is betrayed by Annabeth, then goes dark destroying everything and everyone." I'll try something different. Constructive reviews are welcome. :) Divine Revolution Chapter I: A ftermath Artemis We saw by iris message in font of Olympus, the heroes defeat Gaia close. Unfortunately, we could not celebrate the victory. All of us, especially Apollo, were concerned. "We will begin meeting in the throne room!" Zeus ordered and we obeyed. Then we move together with the Fates to Hall of Olympus. "Olympians, I wish we could celebrate, but there is damage to be repaired. Apollo comes before me." Zeus said. Apollo obeyed quickly, but it was obvious nervousness on his face. The last time I saw him so had been decades ago. "Apollo, I have already given my reasons for you to be punished, but you managed to anger me again!" "What the ...?" "Do not interrupt me! I was already feeling better to see that Aphrodite's child trying to save the Hephaestus boy using something called the Medical Cure. It's what I'm thinking" "Maybe so, but ..." Apollo replied trying to find a justification to reduce his punishment. "No matter, you have contributed to this and contradicted one of the oldest laws!" I had a bad feeling, perhaps Zeus would get even angrier with me too, but I always seem to find a way to calm him down. Apollo was too nervous to think fast. "But the boy could not use the healing, so it's not that bad ..." Apollo said. "Bad?" Hades sneered, "The old forces always get stronger when the rules are contradicted, especially in my area! I'm not like Demeter." "Right, because everyone could live without agriculture and the climate. We should talk later." Demeter sneered, but Hades ignored her and continued on talking. "Brother, perhaps you would like to send Apollo in the underworld, where I have a good job for him." Hades smirked. "Hades, maybe my brother wanted to compare when the Door of Death was open or when the first time this has happened. He is not doing neglect of the problem," I interjected before Zeus and Hades began to argue. My father always liked when someone tried to calm Hades or Poseidon when they were began to want to discuss, especially in the Hall of Olympian Throne. "That is precisely why we are here and I will not expect the old forces invade Olympus. At least it's not as bad as if he had used the cure." "Well, I feel like he did." Hades said darkly. After a minute of silence, Zeus said: "And where is he now?" "For a moment he was going to my domain and then he seemed to pull away, but I do not find living as easily as the dead." Aphrodite laughed in a way that everyone looked at her. "But I can see it or at least feel where his heart is." "And you know what happened to him or are you just talking about his love life?" Ares said impatiently. "Both. All that was because he wanted to review Calypso and there was no other way to see her on the island of Ogygya unless have a new life, as if it were someone else..." "Because it cannot be just because he wanted to live?" Hephaestus grumbled. "And is with love of his life is not live? Also, I took the lone poor girl before someone convinced to stay that way." Aphrodite stared at me. "I would have done it if Gaia forces not prevented from approaching me from there and the last time, people can be happy without love interests." "But I managed to make them fall in love in a week! You know how young people today have difficulty admitting the love?" I had wanted to hit her because of this bullshit, but it was obvious that Zeus was more impatient than I was. "No. Now we can get back to what really matters?" Then we look at Zeus continued "We will take care of the boy and Calypso later. Apollo, I wanted to send you to Tartarus for a thousand years, but ..." "A thousand years? I'll be over six thousand when I get out of there!" Apollo exasperated, but Zeus took great pains to ignore. "And as I was saying, I decide to change your punishment after hearing Athena." Zeus said, making a nod to Athena. "I suggested that we cannot have an empty throne for so long and therefore Apollo has to be able to come here at least at the solstices. Moreover, we can enjoy the request of his son on the construction of temples dedicated for us. " "How if my son did not suggest such a request before." Poseidon murmured. "But in case, we are talking about a union between the Romans and Greeks." "You speak how if you had not had problems with it so far." Zeus interrupted: "Do not run away from subject! Apollo, you will serve Jason and their descendants in the construction of the temple for a thousand years. You will helps them to build all the temples for each of the gods." "Yes, father." Apollo replied paralyzed. "Good. And by what I remember, mortals need you or Artemis to reap a Delos plant so they could do the healing. And that was when the demigods found you and Artemis in Delos." Zeus said dangerously. "Well ... yes." "Artemis, why do you not stop them?" Zeus looked at me. "I did not know my brother would give easily, father. And I was not even with him, though I was on our island." Zeus turned to Apollo: "You contradicted me twice by pure vanity. What did they say to you now? They would make a golden statue with imperial gold?" "It was that boy called Valdez to return to this amazing musical instrument!" Then Apollo showed the strange device, which automatically started playing a melodious music, but he quickly realized that maybe this was not calm Zeus and stopped the music. "It looks as good as the lira that I did for you." Hermes lied naturally. "No care. I know his son Asclepius is involved in this, but I will punish him later forbidding ambrosia and nectar for a hundred years. I will tolerate Nike just because we would not have won without it." You could see Nike sigh of relief, though I am sure that Zeus would punish her if her absence did not attract bad things for her. "But and the oracle of Delphi, father? Without it, we cannot know what will happen. Please let me destroy Python." "You did not have to ask for it because it's your duty!" "Wait if we cannot have more prophecies, then we have no limitation on the campers?" Dionysius said, thinking anxious about what he could do with them. "The target must happen, regardless of whether you do something. The prophecies serve as the guide for mortals and you know it very well." Clotho replied. "And that means that you should not act impulsively, so things are not so complicated for us." "But a light punishment for some mortals is not exactly a problem. It's just following the rules." Hera spoke with someone in mind. Zeus looked at Hera as if he had no idea what she was thinking, but both seemed just the will to discuss, which was rare. "If you want, I can give a helping hand." Nemesis said smiling at Hera. "What about the small interference with their children to help them in the mission to defeat Gaia", Zeus looked at the pious parents of seven, "I will tolerate it because they managed to save the world." Zeus obviously did not want to end up angering half of the board, but it was obvious that it was more to avoid arguments than by fear. "And now you will send me turns to daring campers?" "No, Dionysus. You go with the Apollo to Delphi, perhaps because his powers are of some help to defeat Python. Hestia, you can go back at camp and warns Chiron Dionysus will is busy for some time." Hestia nodded silently. Apollo seemed hesitant, but agreed to help. Even though my brother is foolishly careless sometimes, I knew he needed no bodyguards to do something he did when he was a day old. "Artemis, you can go back to their hunting. It would be nice to take them in Puerto Rico as soon as possible if they have not yet got out of there." "Of course, father." Puerto Rico was the edge of the sea of monsters and almost outside our domain region. It would be difficult for me to do something to help them if they were many distant. "As for the other, seek eliminate and capture all of Gaia enemies who still dare to resist us. The council is not required." I knew I had other powerful enemies, beyond Orion, that could have caused some problems for my hunters, but I'd better find them soon instead of thinking the worst. Within seconds, I got to Puerto Rico, where my hunters were. I do not really know the place, but I can feel where they are. I quickly stop in front of an old building, where I see a girl watching the entrance. As soon as I approach, I see that the Irene he saw me: "Lady Artemis finally we meet again! We would have helped at Camp Half Blood, but we had a problem." "I say the same, but what happened to you not to go there?" "Amazons. Please follow me, Lady Artemis." In the lobby, to my horror I saw several of my hunters taking care of the bodies of comrades h who died fighting for me. The bereaved hunters seemed to cheer up a little once they saw me and I say: "They fought bravely and I'll guarantee that they did not die in vain." The Hunters did reverence me and Irene tells me the names of those who died. Some of them were almost as old as Zoe, but now I felt angrier than this time because I could not do anything about it and they died by someone pure arrogance. "Lady Artemis, you finally returned! I swear I wanted to have helped, but unfortunately we had thanks unforeseen someone here," Thalia said as he came with Leonora and the chief of the Amazons. "Orion destroyed all the boats and Hylla," Leonora pointed to the Amazon, "suffered a riot due to poor her command!" As soon as I looked at her, I remembered the Bellona's daughter who brought the statue of Athena. I knew her friends had been taken to Puerto Rico because of her sister. However, I did not even know she was head and or that they were so much alike. "I just said that I could not contact with other Amazon warriors to rescue us. Those that stayed with me to help me capture Orion are all dead. It's not my fault if my plan failed ..." "Do not be silly, you know that this plan to make your sister be a bait to capture Orion could have cost the world. Because of you, Phoebe and the other hunters are dead and we were stuck here without being able to help others!" Leonora said irritably. Before Hylla say something, I speak: "Leonora is right, if your sister did not arrive in time to join the camps, could have had a massacre." "But Artemis, I tried to help capture Orion..." "You did a risky plan by pure selfishness, failed, caused the death of my hunting and nearly cost the world. You want me to thank you?" I stared at her. "No, I ..." "Just even your Amazon in the continent abandoned you. This means you are no longer the head of