For now this can be read as a one-shot, but I will continue it if people want me to. Black Revenge "What are you doing out here son?" Harry looked up from the swing to see who had disturbed him from his moment of calm serenity, moments that did not come to him often. There was a man who looked to be in his early thirties leaning against the swing set post looking down at him. His pale gaunt face, messy hair and unshaven face would have had the boy label him as a tramp if it had not been for his upmarket clothes. He was wearing a suit, blazer and shirt slightly wrinkled but well kept, it was a strange choice of clothes for the weather, and the time of day, but maybe he had just come from a party or something. "It's the middle of the night, you're only wearing flimsy flannels and its pucking freezing out here." "Pucking?" His voice went low and he whispered behind him hand in a joke conspiracy tone, "it's wrong to swear in front of children." Harry smiled despite of himself. He had to wonder why this man was asking after him, people had seen him sitting here at this time of night before but had gone on pretending not to see him. Maybe this man was new to Surrey, it seemed like everyone else knew to stay away from Harry Potter, the incurably criminal orphan. "I like taking midnight strolls." "Well what a coincidence, so do I. I always liked going on the swings but did not get much of a chance to do so. My brother was two years younger than me and always enjoyed using them but did not learn until he was almost your age how to do it himself, he did not have to, I was there to push him. Of course once he got to your age he believed himself far too grown up for such toys and that they were below him, but I caught him staring at them enviously, he was just agreeing with our parents mindlessly. Anyway, that's the past and my past at that, do your guardians know you are out here son?" Now that was interesting, why did he say guardians instead of parents? "No, but they wouldn't care anyway," not once they realised the neighbours didn't talk anyway. "Perhaps," he agreed with a slight tilt to his head, not paying much attention to the last statement, "but there are creeps out there, paedophiles and thieves and the like, there is a murderer on the loose and he's been sighted in Surrey now." "I can look after myself." "Oh I have no doubt, you look like you have tricks up your sleeve, but I could have killed you by now if I wanted to. I understand how some people are more trusting than others but if you saw me coming towards you with a knife in hand you'd shit yourself." Harry had his wand in his front pocket but was not about to reveal it to prove a point. Instead he just adopted an expression of mock horror, "you just swore in front of me." "Shit isn't a swear word, especially seeming as I didn't mean it figuratively. People don't take you seriously when you say 'pooped yourself', it makes you sound like a three year old who got startled by the toaster." "Are you planning on killing me?" "Honestly no." "And I don't see any toasters around so I reckon I'm safe enough for now." "My name's Stubby Borgman kid, what about you?" "Harry Potter." "That's a nice name." "Wish I could say the same." "Cheeky git, you deserve a swear word directed at you for that." The insult was mild and there was laughter in his eyes though. How old are you anyway, like seven? It's almost 1 in the morning but shouldn't your bedtime be at like 8?" "I'm eleven, and I don't have a bedtime." "You look about seven; do your guardians not feed you?" There it was again, 'guardians'. They didn't feed him but that was another thing he was not about to reveal to this stranger, "of course they feed me, I'm just small for my age." "And skinny as puck. Anyway, I could not carry on my merry way in good conscience, how about I take you home?" "I suppose, I was going to go soon anyway." Harry knew he should probably not trust this stranger, but he had been relatively good fun to talk to and even if there were murderers out here, there were child abusers in his own house. "So you must have a pretty dysfunctional family huh?" "I suppose it's not too hard to guess. I live with aunt's family, but we don't get on." Once they reached number four Privet Drive, the stranger walked up to the door, intending to knock. "Wait, you'll wake them up," Harry intercepted; "I'll just go through the window." "What an excellent suggestion." He reached into his pocket and drew out what was unmistakeably a wand and pointed it at the kitchen windows. Immediately the glass exploded with a shatter worthy of waking the whole street. He then cast a quick alohomora at the front door and strolled into the house ready to face his relatives. "Are you coming Harry?" Stubby called to him from the lounge, the noise easily sailing out of the broken window. He was a wizard; perhaps he could have killed him. The suggestion was so casual that Harry found himself following without a second thought. A moment later his uncle came thundering down the stairs, his aunt close behind him, her dressing gown pulled tight around her. "Boy! You had better pray you have a good explanation for this!" "Lovely fellow your uncle, is he always this loud? You'd have thought he'd try to tone it down a bit now all the neighbours are gathered round. Also, there is no point in praying, everyone always does it but it never helped anybody. Like explaining, never explain, I never explain anything, your friends don't need it and your teachers, I mean your enemies won't believe you anyway, but hey, at your age, they're pretty much the same thing ne?" Vernon stormed into the living room and his eyes zeroed in on the stranger. He started to sputter, obviously not sure whether to be polite to this stranger or throw him out. Stubby helped him out by revealing to him he was completely insane. "Good morning Mr Dursley, I caught this boy here trying to climb through the window, in trying to stop him I appear to have accidentally exploded them." In the short silence that followed while Vernon turned puce, Harry thought about how this Stubby knew the family name of his relatives, 'maybe he read it on the mail'. Stubby turned his attention to his aunt, "ah Petunia dear, how lovely to see you again." Harry narrowed his eyes at the stranger at this admission; he didn't get her name from the mail, but did not interrupt. "Oh I can see that neither of you remember me which is a darn shame because I sure as hellfire remember you." As casually as anything, he drew his wand and repaired the window, obliterating the onlookers with the same wand movement and then drew the curtains. This was the last straw for Vernon. "YOU! YOU ARE ONE OF THOSE FREAKS! BOY! THIS IS YOUR FAULT I KNOW IT. GET IN YOUR ROOM, AND YOU GET THE HELL OUT OF MY HOUSE!" Stubby silencio-ed him while he was drawing in another huge breath. "My, my, quite a pair of lungs your husband has there. You looked like such a normal family at first glance too, are we entirely incapable of having a civilised conversation?" Harry had to smirk at that. He may not know how this man knew the Dursleys, but he sure knew how to hit them where it hurt. Stubby seemed to know this too as he cast a quick glance at Harry and gave him a wink as if they were sharing some secret joke. Harry was not sure how to respond, but the man seemed absolutely crazy and possibly quite dangerous so he replied in kind. The aurors should be here any minute now anyway having detected magic was being used in a muggle area. "Now, as you may or may not recognise, I am Sirius Black, yes, the murderer from the television, how exciting! I go by the name Stubby Borgman to meet people, being accused of murdering 13 people looks bad on your record. Am I here to murder you? Not if you do what I say. Now I am going to have a shower, Petunia dear, how about you put the kettle on and fix some breakfast for us all, it may be very early but we are all up now aren't we? Oh, and don't try anything while I'm gone, you won't get away with it." He trotted up the stairs and they heard the bathroom door close. Vernon was still in his magic induced silence, still puce, Dudley was probably still snoring upstairs and Petunia had gone as white as a sheet. "Aunt Petunia, who was that man?" Harry assumed that this was one of those rare times she would actually answer him instead of just sneer in disdain like he was the scum of the Earth. Sometimes it just seemed as if she forgot that she was meant to hate him. "Sirius Black, he's a mass murderer, he was also a friend of your parents." She drifted into the kitchen to make something up, Harry was going to hazard a guess that this was so he did not kill her, not because he was an old friend. "My parents would not have made friends like that." "Well they must have fallen out at some point; he was the one who betrayed them." Harry blinked; it was not so much that the man he had been talking to was so dangerous and so close to him, it was the fact that Petunia knew so much. He had always disregarded her for information because it seemed as if she knew nothing about the wizarding world. "What do you mean? Voldemort killed them." "Yes, they went into hiding, he was the only one who knew their location." "That's the man who betrayed my parents to Voldemort?" Harry reckoned he should have been feeling intense anger but instead was just feeling hollow, cheated. It had never occurred to him that people other than Voldemort were involved in the death of his parents. All death eaters were evil of course and he entertained the idea of killing them and avenging his parents when he was older. For such a backstabbing ex friend of his parents, it seemed a bit like an anti-climax. "He seems to be rather off his rocker." "I'm not surprised he is insane, the dementors would have done that to him." "What are dementors?" "The prison guards." Harry knew he was not going to get any more information than that. "Can't you call your wizard police or something?" "We don't use phones, I'd send Hedwig, it wouldn't take her long to get to London and the ministry of magic but even if she did manage to get a letter to someone, it would still take at least an hour to get a response from them and I really doubt we have that long. I'm not really sure how someone is meant to call the aurors, they seem to somehow know where to be. They can track magic you see so I thought they would arrive shortly after he exploded the window, but they're not." "Then what are we meant to do?" Harry had to note that for once his aunt did not sound angry with him, Harry had been prepared for this all to