It's cold... Selene looked outside her window as she pulled her blanket closer around her. Selene looked out to see the rain clearing up, but when her hand touched the window it felt like it was still freezing. It was just March as the flowers slowly started to bloom. Selene quietly got up as she looked at a picture of her father and mother. She was about to try again until she heard a knock at the door. She quietly walked over to the front door to open it to find Sam Uley. "Sam..." "Hey there..." He gave her a hug as she hugged him back, trying to hold back the tears. Selene was a distant cousin of Sam from her father's side. She remember playing with him when she was younger. "How have you been?" They sat in Selene's living room, with her sitting on the couch and Sam sitting across from her in a simple handcrafted chair. She looks at him and just gave a small nod. "...I'm getting better its just still lonely without him." "I understand, but why don't you live with my family?" "I feel like I'm intruding and...This is my home Sam. This is the house my father built you know that..." She said quietly though she wanted to cry. "But you're all alone here! It's not safe for a teenager to be living in a home." "...You know why I can't..." Sam looked at her as she quietly curled up on the couch, bringing her knees close against her body. She didn't look at him as she heard the chair move. He got up to walk over to her, kneeling in front of her. He placed his hand over hers as he looked up at her. "Selene...Times have changed, you can't linger on like this by yourself. I know you can't accept the facts but you must...The elders are all willing for you to come back with open arms." "...I'll return as long as you don't tell them about me..." "I..But...I will not leave this house..." She said firmly as she looked back at him. He gave a nod as he got up. " Don't worry cousin...I'll tell the elders everything just not them. I'll fax over all the info when you're ready." She nodded her head as he left, as she turned to her side while took the quilt the layed on the arm of the couch. She wrapped it around herself as she went into deep thought. While outside Sam entered his truck and opened the compartment to take out his cellphone. "Father." "What news?" "She said she'll do it on two condition that I don't tell the rest and that she lives at her house. So, please inform Harry & Billy so that we can set everything up. She'll start in the fall but until then she said she would like to remain hidden from the pack..." "Alright job son..." "Father?" "...I don't understand why she wouldn't want the others to find out about her." "It's probably still all new to her, so maybe in time she'll adapt." "Hm...Alright. I'll see you later son..." The phone call ended as Sam stuffed the cellphone back in the space. He started the car but stared at the house one last time. "Sam! Sammy!" He shook his head as he drove out the drive way to go back home to see Emily, while his mind was calculating of what to do next. Serena stared at herself in the mirror. She wore her hair down as it flowed down to the mid of her back. She wore a simple white knitted sweater that was a bit big on her, making it so that you could barely see her fingers. She matched it with some dark blue skinny jeans that have been worn out quite a bit. She turned away to go to her desk. There was a medium sized jewelry box, made of smooth wood and carved abalone shells to a shape of a moon. She slowly opened it up to take out a long necklace with a pendant on it. It was a small bronze dream catcher with three metal feathers on it. It was simple as one of the metal wires in the middle of the catcher was a moon stone. She touched the smooth snake chain and slowly puts it over her head. She opened her eyes once more as she looked at her father's picture next to the jewelry box and smiles. "...I'm leaving now." She turned around to take her backpack from her bed and left her room. She stopped by the kitchen to grab her house key and her car key. As she about to leave she heard a loud knock on her door. She walked over to look through the peephole and opened the door. "Sam..." "Hi, I'm here to give you this." He handed a folder to her as she opened up the contents. It was her class schedule, the papers she needed to send in, and even her student I.D. card for the La Push Reservation High School. She gave a sigh of relief as she looked up at Sam. "...Thanks Sammy." "No problem...You've had almost six months, but are you sure you're up to it?" Sam asked as he placed a hand on her shoulder. She gave a faint smile as she looked at the student I.D. and said softly, "This is what my parents would have wanted...They would want me to live the way I want to live..." "Alright, but take care of yourself, and you know where to find me or Emily for anything. Also- " He rummaged through his pockets and found what he was looking for. He handed it to her as she looked at it. It was a contact information of almost everyone in the tribe. "Oh...thank you but I thought I told you I don't want them knowing about me." "I know but this is in case of an emergency...You're part of the tribe now." He said firmly as she glanced back at him. She gave a sigh as she looked through list to see old family names dating back to the legends of their tribe. "Yes, I may be in the tribe but my family hasn't been here from the beginning unlike yours." "...But yours is special though, and you must embrace it." Serene placed everything back into the folder as she glanced at her watch. "Well I don't want to be late for my first day in school being a Junior." She gave him a quick hug of thanks before running past him to leave. She ran outside to see the sun was somewhat out as she entered into her blue Honda Civic. She placed her backpack in the passenger's seat as she started her car. Sam left to go to his truck as she waved to him goodbye before leaving out the driveway. She turned her radio on as she drove away from her home, passing through trees as she drove by. After ten minutes she started to see little shops and building, seeing the familiar places until she reached the high school. "Ah you must be Selene!" Selene turned to find an elderly tanned women come over to her. She just entered the school as students stared at her. She walked around timidly trying to find her way around the hall to find the office. "You must me...Miss Smith?" She asked timidly as the woman nodded her head. Miss Smith worked in the office but heard from Joshua Uley about this girl and inform her about the girl's arrival. Selene smiled as the old woman waved her hand. "Come! I'll take you to your first class which is.." "Oh! um...English." Selene said as she looked at her class schedule. Miss Smith guided the young girl through the school and to room 107. They both entered inside as the teacher looked at them. "Mr. Silversmith, before you begin here is your new student, Miss Whitewing." "Ah! Our new student this year, I see. Perfect timing, before the rest of the students come in. Pick any seat you want, and welcome." He gave her a smile as she gave one in return. She looked around to see one in the corner in the back of the class, close by the window. As soon as she sat down, students started to rush in. They all took their seats but glanced at the new girl. Selene just took out her notebook and pencil as she glanced up to see a group of eyes staring at her. She blushed and glanced back down to doodle a bit on the first page. "Alright, alright, settle down everyone. I hope you've had a good summer. I'll be taking attendance so try not to be too loud." She kept her eyes down at her notebook until she smelled something. She looked up and glanced around to see a guy look at her as well. She stiffen as she knew he was one of them. She tried to look away but it was too late, "Hey, you're new aren't you?" She glanced at him again. He was pretty tall, with tanned skin with a lot of muscle. He had dark brown eyes that stared at her with short cropped hair. He gave a smile to her and held out his hand, "Hey, my name is Quil. What's yours?" "Selene...Nice to meet you." She relaxed a little as she gave a little smile and shook his hand. He had a pretty strong handshake. English just went fine as Mr. Silversmith gave the story of Romeo and Juliet, making most of the students goan. After class Selene started to pack up to get to her next class as Quil asked, "So you're new in town? I've never seen you before." "Oh...Actually I'm not new, I've just been homeschooled." "No wonder I've never seen you at our school. So why did you suddenly stop then? Like no offence this is a pretty good school, but I would think you'll become more comfortable homeschooling by now." He asked as he got his bag. Selene picked hers up as they walked together down the hallway. "Well...I don't have my teacher anymore..." She said sadly as Quil stopped for a moment to look at her. "...What?" " My dad passed away in February from a car crash..." She gave a sad smile as he patted her shoulder. "I'm sorry to hear that..." She closed her eyes for a moment. "So am I but...I need to live a full life for him..." Quil nodded in agreement as they went to their classes. After that they ended up being great friends as they ended up having similar classes, but sometimes Selene would sit somewhere else so Quil would talk to his friends. Selene ended up making friends with a girl name Jenna Stark, who was a pretty meek girl, but friendly enough to Selene. After school she went to the office to hand in her paper work and saw two familiar faces. "Emily! Sam?" The couple turned to see Selene at the door. A pleasant smile appeared on Emily's face as Sam gave a nod to her. Emily came over to Selene with a warm hug as the women giggled. "Why you guys here?" "Oh I was in town and Sam said he was coming here to check up on a few boys. I decided to tag along so we could go home together." She gave a beautiful smile as Selene looked at her face. Though Emily had that horrible scar she still had that beautiful smile and kind heart. She hugged her once more as Emily tried to insist that Selene would come for dinner tonight. "Oh no, I need to go home and get to work...You know how it is, but I will someday." "Dear...You know you could always stay with us right?" "Yes I know. Sam made it