A/N This fic is inspired by the wonderful Kristan Higgins. I do not claim to own any themes, but I hope everyone enjoys the newly revised version! Tell me what you think :) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX "Finally," Bella sighed as she poured herself a rather large glass of wine before plopping down on her comfy couch. Today had turned out to be a very long day: after a last-minute interview with a hopeful job offer only for it to end with them politely saying she was overqualified, Bella just wanted to crawl into a hole. The original plan after grad school was to move out of the city, where the shadow of her family's name didn't exist. She wanted to be a journalist at some magazine or newspaper in a small town and then work her way up the later. But the most important part was that she would do it herself. But no, even after moving to Boston and being laid off, and now living in Manhattan, people tended to know who her father was. And the swan name haunted her wherever she went. And for some reason, people didn't want the daughter of famous prosecuting lawyer, Charlie Swan, working at their publishing company. It sucked. Of course, it seemed like even the best-laid plans failed, and that was how a 25-year-old Harvard graduate was still floating by the coat-tails of her father; living in his upper east side apartment he probably had never stepped foot in. 'Stay as long as you want,' Her father had told her on the phone when she called saying she could find another job in Boston. She had graduated with an undergrad and masters in English; something she had pursued because it was her passion. But now she was starting to think it had been a mistake. But the self-loathing was interrupted by the sound of her phone ringing. "Hello?" She wondered who could be calling her at this hour, certainly not a job offer, because today was her last interview. "Hello, is this Isabella Swan?" A professional feminine voice rang loud and clear from the other line. Bella didn't recognize the voice at all, and it couldn't be a telemarketer because she had a private number. By her father's insistence. "This is she," Bella answered rather hesitantly. "Hello, this is your father's secretary, he asked me to call you on his behalf." Bella went quiet. Why would Charlie have his secretary to call her? At least he managed to call himself when he felt he needed to fulfill his quota of fatherly duties. "Is there a problem?" It was a broad question, and sort of cynical, but it was late and Bella was tired. "Yes, I'm afraid so, Ms. Swan. Your Father has been in a car accident." Bella froze at the words, nearly dropping the phone in the process. But she managed to hold on. "H—how bad is he? I mean, is he alright?" Bella didn't recognize her own voice, but could only imagine what her answer was going to be: Her father was dead, and she hadn't even known him. Not in the way a daughter should know her father. Guilt washed over her. "Ms. Swan, your father is fine, he is in a stable condition." Her calming voice was repeating several times; allowing Bella to gather her wits. "What happened?" She went straight to the point. "Well, Ms. Swan, he was struck head on by another vehicle. But I am happy to say after surgery, he is now in a stable condition. He wanted me to tell you to be safe." "Be safe? What the does that mean?" she pushed the phone closer to her ear, "Am I in danger at all?" she asked critically. The secretary took a deep sigh, "You are in no immediate danger. But the authorities do believe the car crash was no accident. There might have been foul play involved. A sort of retaliation meant to scare your father," The secretary said. Bella was suddenly unable to speak, so the woman continued, "Ms. Swan, your father is concerned for you. He wishes for you to leave Manhattan." "Oh," Bella couldn't say any more than that, her throat constricting. It sounded like Charlie had almost been murdered, and he thought she was next. Her ears were suddenly buzzing. "Your father has taken care of everything. You move in two days. I suggest you stay in your apartment when you can, and he will call you as soon as he can to make further arrangements," And with that, she was gone. Bella sat dumbfounded for a while, frozen with what she was supposed to do with all this information. How the hell did Charlie expect her not to worry after news like that? How was she supposed to sleep tonight? Bella stood in the kitchen for a while, wondering if she should tell her mother or a friend in case something did happen. She shuddered at the thought. But perhaps it would just be calming to talk to someone, but at the same time, all she wanted to do was lock all the doors and crawl under her huge comforter and go to hide. And that's exactly what she did. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX The next morning, no matter how much it confused her, Bella started the strenuous process that was moving. After trying and failing to call back Ms. Secretary a hundred times, there was still no answer. And none from her father either. And so the day drudged on, Bella's brain operating by itself as she drifted through he apartment and packed her belongings. Then her cell phone rang. And Bella practically sprinted into the kitchen and a second later it was at her ear, "Hello?" her voice was breathless from running. "Bella?" Came her father's voice from the other line. She let out a sigh of relief, "Dad! How are you? Are you alright?" Bella could hardly get the words out fast enough. And after nearly a decade of calling her father by name, she had called him Dad. "I'm fine. Bella, are you alright?" his firm voice came from across the line; gathered and calm as usual. "Yes, I'm fine. But what about you? I mean, are you really in danger?" she pressed, and she heard him take a deep breath from across the line. "It seems that some men are angry with me, and clearly were willing to do something about it," he said wryly, and Bella couldn't believe how nonchalant he was being about all of this. He had nearly been killed. "How can you be so calm about all of this? And now you think I might be in danger. And you want me out of the city?" her voice was getting shriller by the second. "Bella, you have to understand as a prosecutor, I'm used to this. But if I'm right about the men that are behind this, then you need to get out of the city while the authorities figure this out. It'll only be for a few months," he said. "Months!" "Just until this all blows over," he answered. "What about mom?" "An ex-wife is not the same as my only child," he dismissed, "These men want to hurt me where it counts, Bella. And you are likely their next option." She blanched, but Charlie only continued to talk in that same calm voice, "I made arrangements for you to move somewhere remote. And don't worry about finding a job; that would only put you at risk. You'll just have to lay low while everything is investigated." "Dad, you just can't expect me to pause my life." She heard her father let out an exasperated sigh, "Bella, for once, can you trust me? I'm sorry this has happened, but I'm doing this for your own good," his voice suddenly softened, "Just look at it as a vacation. Take a break; enjoy life." "Enjoy life while a pack of criminals are seeking me out, you mean?" Charlie sighed, "Bella, just trust me, and this will all be over soon." And he hung up before she could answer. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX It was two days since her father's accident, and Bella had somehow packed her entire life in that time. Her father had called her yesterday to give her the new address, and that was it. No details or updates other than where she was moving. 362 North Lake Drive, Good Harbor, MI. Bella was moving to Michigan. As much as Bella wanted to distance herself from her family, and now more than ever, she would miss the hustle and bustle of the city. Boston was her second love, but New York was her first. And the last thing she wanted to be was cooped up in some country house. But she had no choice. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX The drive wasn't a short one. Even cutting through Canada, it took eleven hours. She was exhausted and annoyed from the two days of travel, and when her phone notified her that the destination was on her left, she let out an audible sigh. But all she saw were trees. So many trees in fact, that Bella couldn't see the house at all. The property was also set on a hill; a massive one at that. From what she could tell, most of the property was in a steep incline that loomed over the tiny town and overlooked Lake Michigan. Only when she pulled in, did she realize the moving truck wouldn't be able to make it. They were off to a great start. The truck couldn't get more than 10 feet up the driveway, due to both the steep grade, and the overwhelming foliage that blocked everything. They ended up having to park at the bottom and carry the boxes up to the house by cart, and Bella was using the word 'house', lightly. The place was a monstrosity. It was so bad that she doubted that her father had given her the right address. The siding was so moldy it was falling off. The roof seemed to be on the verge of caving in; most of the shingles long gone. The windows were dingy and dated. And that was just the exterior. There was no telling for what was waiting for her on the inside. When Bella crossed the threshold, it was so musty she needed a gas mask to breathe. Not to mention how dated and disgusting the brown paneling and carpet were. "No, this has to be wrong." She had driven two days for this? But the movers just kept bring boxes in, "Where do you want all of this?" She winced just looking at the place, "Just over there, please." Bella pointed to the dining room. The cleanest space in the entire house. "Quite the fixer upper, eh?" One of them chuckled as they stacked box after box. Ignoring the urge to vomit, Bella dialed her father. "Hello?" "Dad? Hey, its Bella." "Bells! How did the move go?" "Well, uh, that's why I called. I'm at the house now, and it's a little different than I imagined." "Yeah? Do you like it?" "Actually, its kind of a mess to be honest." "Really? I mean, it was small when your mother bought it. But I wouldn't say it was a complete mess. You know, that area is quite profitable in real estate." She scoffed, "Well I'm looking at it right now, and trust me, it's not looking that way." "Bella, I'm sure it's fine," he sighed, "Hey, at least you'll have some renovations to keep you busy since you won't be working." "Dad, I'm not jobless by choice." She said tightly, "I got laid off in Boston, and then you and mom told me to come to Manhattan. And now I can't work because my life might be in jeopardy!" "I know, Bells, but listen. How about you renovate the house with my money? I'm sure it's livable in the meantime. It could be your