A/N I'm so excited to start this sort of sequel to A Court of Beasts and Beauties in Edward's POV, and a day before A Court of Wings and Ruin releases! For those Sarah J Maas fans, I can probably promise parallels between this fic and her new book. Updates will be every Monday, and thank you to my beta SunFlowerfran. And otherwise, I hope you enjoy. I do not own the Court of Thornes and Roses Series Fifty years, Edward, I curse you with fifty years of living death…because if I can't have you, then no one ever will. Edward's eyes shot open, but the words only continued to repeat over and over inside his skull, squeezing his mind like a vice. The recurring nightmare only served as the reminder that he surely didn't need, at least not today. He knew the bitch would be happy that she starred in his subconscious; Gods know she tormented all his every waking hours. Letting loose a groan, Edward barely roused himself from bed only to find the sun lifting above the horizon. He squinted as a sliver of light broke through the sky to officially start a new day. But it wasn't just any day, for it started the final length of the deadline that was set. There was only one year left. Edward watched numbly as the sun's beams bathed the land in warmth, but instead of a symbol of hope and a new beginning, it only served as a reminder of what he had lost. Glancing to his wardrobe, all he saw was shades of gray. To his bedspread, more dull shadows. Apparently, it hadn't been enough for Victoria to take his magic; she also had to steal every ounce of color from his life. So Edward could only actually guess what the sunrise looked like. And with color gone, so was warmth. Or perhaps that was the feeling left after being drained of his power. Either way, Edward was only a shell of the male he had once been. The instant Victoria had leeched out all his magic, his heart had stopped pumping, and his skin had turned a sickly gray while his bright eyes had gone completely black. There was a time he was the High Lord of two courts in his continent, a breach between two great lands. But now he was left with nothing but guilt and his obsession to save his people. Even though, for all intents and purposes, he was dead. But when there was no happiness, no lick of anything but the endless depth of apathy, Edward did feel as if he was already in his own personal hell. But perhaps the only reason he was alive was because Victoria wished it. It had been a while since he had even allowed himself to think of who he used to be; usually having enough discipline not to allow himself to wallow in such ideas. But alas, today was a particular day, and he had no idea what he was going to do about it. There was one year left, and his land and court were only suffering more each day; all because he refused to submit. And even when she threatened to curse them all, he and his spiteful pride told her to rot in hell, which of course was why they were in this mess in the first place. But if Edward had one solace, one sliver of happiness that he continued to cling to for dear life, even after everything, was that he had kept Victoria from completely destroying their world. He would doom himself over and over if it meant his people were kept safe. Oh stop moping, and just confront the witch already… Edward squeezed his eyes shut at the voice ... his other voice that had once been used to enter his victim's minds. There had been a time, when, with a flutter of his magic Edward was once able to know their every wish and memory, and if need be, to control them. But now the voice only served as his personal demon. "No, it would just lead to more destruction," he groaned, not caring which servants heard him talking to himself. No, you're meant for more than this. "No," he shuddered into his hands, "No, stop talking!" Give in, Give in, GIVE IN! Edward clenched his teeth, ready to claw his own eyes when there was a knock on the door. "What?" he growled, only to find Jasper's wary face. "Excuse me," his friend grumbled, "Sorry to disturb you, but they're acting up again." Edward let loose a sigh, "Damn it," could he just have an uneventful day for once? "l guess I'll have to take care of them myself." "But—" "It's fine, Jasper." Edward snapped, pushing himself from the bed's edge to throw on the first shirt he found, "I needed to let off some steam anyway." "Am I supposed to accept your foul attitude, just because today is the anniversary?" Jasper replied. Edward leveled a glare at his friend before he wisely let himself out of the room. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX Trees flashed behind him; the rocks, earth, and plants serving as nothing but mild inconveniences as he propelled himself further through the dark forest. This was the only way he could experience freedom from the feeling of being cooped up in that wretched castle. Thankfully, the woods of the Spring Court were expansive, or Edward would have gone mad a long time ago. Finally, he saw the black cloaks of the Oillteil, the greasy, foul creatures that Victoria enjoyed throwing his way. And even though he still hadn't figured out exactly why she kept sending monsters to him for slaughter, it at least gave him an outlet for his anger. The Oillteil were nimble, he had to give them that, but they were also stupid, not having a mind of sense beyond their instinct. He caught one by their slithery hide and slammed it against a rock with one hand, "No—" the creature didn't have time to finish as Edward sliced off its head with one blow. Thankfully, he still had access to wisps of his magic, enough to use his talons whenever he liked. And they sure came in handy when one fellow monster or another needed beheading. The other two tried weaving through the brush to escape him, but with a bounding leap, Edward met them at the other end with a feral grin. "Stop—" again, before it could utter another syllable, he had the last of them gasping by their throats. But he only looked at them with dead eyes. Oh, how beyond bored he was with it all. "Listen to us, High Lord, we have something you will want to hear," one managed to choke out in resonse. Edward only forced his grip tighter, making their pathetic faces clench in pain. But the leader still pressed on, "Even you cannot ignore our news." "Speak," was all he said. "We come bearing a message," the monsters shared a slithering glance at one another. "I don't have the patience for games. Talk, or I kill you now." Edward wished he could see into their minds and pull out the information himself, but since he couldn't, he would have to settle for the hard way. "Victoria knows where you hide your mate," the first one spewed through his teeth, "And she wants you to know that only the human holds the key to your freedom." The very sun itself seemed to freeze with the lethal calm that consumed Edward; and after years of feeling nothing but numbness, his body started sparking back to life. He promised himself never to think of her beyond that one day, eighteen years ago. But he hadn't even entertained the thought that she could have been the key. No, it couldn't be…he had driven himself insane hunting for any possible loophole; every bylaw and countless legends had never mentioned it. So much so, that it drove him to the brink of apathy. But now, having heard that there was still hope. Just that ounce of possibility made his heart lighten. You are too late. You are too stupid, too cowardly— His demon voiced quickly responded. Perhaps the outcome from only being locked in the Spring Court with no outlet to his powers. But Edward only focused harder on the sniveling creatures he held in each hand. "Why has Victoria chosen now to reveal this? Tell me, or I will enjoy ripping you to pieces." He said darkly. "Our Queen reveals nothing. Everything is the way she wishes," the second one's voice broke into a howl as Edward swiped its head off in one clean stroke. And before breaking a moment of concentration, he pressed the second one against a tree. "That was the wrong answer," he slammed the creature against a nearby rock, making it heave for breath, but he only pushed harder, "I know the bitch wants something for the information. And you'd be wise to tell me," he ordered. "That, High Lord," it drew out the name sarcastically, "You will find out soon enough." The creature somehow smiled through the blood that oozed from its nose, Edward just killed the being with one quick snap. Then he was running. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX "What should I do?" Edward slammed his hand against the stone wall. He was back in his room, doing his best not to pace a hole in the floor, "What am I supposed to do? This could be a trap. Victoria's toying with us, I just know it, Jazz." "Either way," His friend picked at something at his sleeve, "You have to go to the human realm, Edward. Even if there's a minuscule chance that she could save us, you have to take it. You'll hate yourself if you don't." "Please, tell me something I don't know," Edward groaned. Jasper only shrugged, "Then why do you hesitate?" Edward peered outside the window and mulled over the answer. But all he was thinking was how he could be there in a few hours if he ran. "Beside the fact that Victoria probably plans our doom by the minute, the Gods also decided to saddle me with a human mate," Edward threw his hands, "How could someone like her save us when even I can't? You know how weak humans are? And they hate faeries, Jasper. What motivation would she have to even lift a finger to help our people? She would enjoy our suffering more." Jasper held up a finger, "None of us can choose who the Gods fates for us, you should know that better than anyone." "I see we're not holding anything back tonight," Edward repressed a growl, "But we're talking about a girl here, Jasper. Not some magical soul mate." Jasper only shrugged. Edward's mother hadn't been able to choose the mating bond when it came to his father. The man was an absolute tyrant when it came to his kingdom and his wife, yet somehow she chose to stay with him even up to her death. And it left a mark on Edward. He would never mate as long as he lived. "How can I even retrieve a human?" Edward said with a sigh, "I'm banished to the Spring Courts, and she lives in the human realm." "Their lands are still technically under your power. Before your father, there was a time when the Spring Court was allied with the humans," Jasper reminded. Edward tried not to roll his eyes at the fact. Now the Fae only shared contempt towards the other race after the war, an opinion the humans shared as well. " Thank you, but I need to make this decision alone." Only after hearing the near-silent footsteps of Jasper leaving, did Edward allow himself to again look out. It was a moonless night as he gazed out at the barren gardens ... barren, thanks to him. And it would only