A/N This fic is close to my heart since it's the first story I've ever started writing and its based on my family's cabin. Hope you enjoy :) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Isabella, hurry up, we're going to be late." Angela, her roommate, and best friend called up from the living room. "One minute!" She yelled back, as Isabella took one last look in the mirror. The make-up had done its job of perking up her face, while her hair looked much better when it wasn't thrown into a ponytail. Since Jacob had just broken up with her two days ago, it seemed she was in a never-ending loop of shit. Besides the fact that her boyfriend of four years completely bailed on her for no explanation, her brother had somehow convinced her that she needed to visit the family. This idea didn't sound too bad until she remembered that she hadn't seen them in nearly ten years. So, swallowing her pride, she descended the stairs to face her friend Angela who had somehow blackmailed her into going out. Isabella tried not to think about the fact that it would be the first time in three years that she was going to go to a club as a single woman. It was all a little daunting, and even though Jacob was long gone, she still felt like it was too early to be moving on. Her heart wasn't broken in the least, more her pride, and she knew she had to get back out there and live her life. Angela groaned when she took a little too long descending the stairs. "You have a right to have fun. That asshole is done dictating your life, and you need to take this opportunity and just run with it!" They had been friends since their freshmen year of college, so Angela probably knew just what she was thinking before she asked, "Don't you think it's a little early? I mean, it only just happened." Angela rolled her eyes. "Please, if you ask me, you should have gone out the night he dumped you." Isabella winced just at the mentioning of it. Angela softened her words, "Honey, he didn't deserve you. He was controlling, and a jerk even before the breakup." "I know, I just don't quite remember how to be single." Isabella had been so sure she had found the man she was going to marry. But then again, life often had its way of pulling the rug out from under her feet. "Yes you do, so stop being dramatic. Everything will work out, I promise." Isabella just nodded, trying to remember the girl that used to be fearless so many years ago, "Then let's go." The club was booming, as was usual for a Saturday night in Chicago. They were supposed to be meeting up with one of Angela's new boy toys, as Isabella liked to call them. Not knowing exactly what this guy looked like, she was content to follow Angela as she tugged them to a booth in the back. As they rounded the bar, Isabella saw why her friend had been so smiley these last couple of weeks. The guy waving them down was cute, even more attractive when he immediately stood up to give Angela a chaste peck on the cheek. Her best friend was simply beaming. "Isabella, this is Ben. Ben this is my best friend in the entire world, Isabella." Ben gave her a warm smile. "Great to meet you, Isabella, I've heard so much about you." He shook her hand firmly, a good sign. "The pleasure is mine. Angela can't seem to shut up about you." Angela shot her a warning glare, and Ben just chuckled. "That's good to hear, but I hope it was all good." He motioned for both of them to sit, and garnered the attention of the waitress easily. "Order whatever you want ladies," Ben announced. "Drinks are on me tonight." "Keep this up and even I might end up in love with you," Isabella answered, perusing the drink menu. "And don't be fooled by her size, Ben, Angela can guzzle drinks like nobody's business." She chuckled as Angela shot her another death glare. Ben laughed easily, "Oh, believe me, I found that out a few weekends ago." Angela had turned a deep shade of red before her friend fired it right back. "That's an excellent offer Ben, but our Isabella here has bragged that she could trick any guy she wanted to buy her free drinks tonight, so she won't be needing you to buy her drinks after all." It was Isabella's turn to be annoyed. Seeing how many men could buy them drinks was something they would do it college, but Isabella hadn't done it in years. "But what about Ben's friend?" Isabella asked between clenched teeth. Angela just smiled sweetly at Ben before she shrugged, "He'll still be here, but it doesn't hurt to get some extra numbers in the meantime." "Geesh, Ang, when did you turn so diabolical?" Her friend just shot Isabella a wink as Ben pulled her closer. "Any guy who wins the attention of the beautiful Isabella will be a lucky bastard," Ben announced as he raised his glass in a salute before Bella stood rather reluctantly. "But don't forget, Iz," Angela started. "Ben's friend is going to be here in a half an hour. So whatever poor bastard he is, make sure you don't go home with him." She just gave her friend a curt nod in understanding, before turning to the bar to see how many numbers she could get. When Isabella reached the bar, she miraculously found an empty seat and got the bartender's attention. He gave her a warm smile as she gave him her drink order. It was something fruity that she hated but would make the men practically flock towards her. Even though she had been off the market for a while, Isabella was still aware of how single life worked. So she vowed to stop moping and at least find someone to have a decent rebound fling with. And sure enough, a couple of guys made their move, but she felt the need to turn them down. Isabella was trying not to be too picky, but she still had some standards. After turning down another guy that had terrible breath, she was getting sick of these advances fast. "Any luck?" Angela has snuck up behind her, and Isabella could see the alcohol was doing the trick on her friend. "I'm trying, but all of these guys are creeps." She yelled over the booming music. "They can't all be creeps, Iz." Angela rolled her eyes, as she motioned for the bartender. "Actually, they can. And maybe you should slow down." Bella commented as she gave Angela a warning glare. "Why would I slow down when all of these are on Ben?" She giggled as the barkeep slid over another drink. "That's my point." Isabella chuckled. "I don't think even Ben is ready to see you full-fledged drunk. "Stop being my mother and get at least two numbers before Ben's friend gets here. If you can manage that, our next night out is on me." "What's the point of you setting me up if I still have to do all the dirty work?" Isabella sighed. "Options," Angela replied with a sly smile, as she made her way back to the booth. Accepting her fate with a deep sigh, Isabella's eyes fell to the exit. She couldn't help but wonder if this so-called friend of Ben's was going to be cute, or just a creep like the rest of them. Because she didn't think she had the energy to deal with some sleaze for the rest of her night. And just when she was about to go to the bathroom to escape, someone caught her eye from across the bar. And damn it, the tall, dark stranger was the embodiment of the cliché. Even from the bar, she could see his striking face and messy red hair. Well no, maybe it was more bronze. Either way, he looked perfectly fuckable, or at least the foolproof candidate to help get Jacob out of her mind. The perfect palate cleanser. Sensing her attention on him, the stranger looked at her. And when their eyes finally locked, she swore she felt the tension practically sizzle between them. Not embarrassed in the slightest that she had been caught staring, she dared to even quirk a brow in challenge. This guy was beyond delicious with his tousled hair, burning eyes and lickable jaw as he just nodded his head in greeting before walking into the crowd. Downing the shot she had ordered from the bartender, Isabella straightened out her dress and prepared to confront the man. But when she turned back around, he was completely gone. Pushing the disappointment away, she figured she might as well take the opportunity to tell Angela she couldn't join them after all. No matter how nice her blind date might have been, Isabella had made her choice. But before she went back to the booth, she thought it a good idea to go freshen up in the restroom. Isabella could already feel how flushed her face had become just from the encounter, and the last thing she needed was sweat in the wrong places. Not to mention that, after two drinks, she had to pee like a racehorse. After the restroom, Isabella found their cramped little booth quickly, and couldn't stop the words from spilling from her mouth when she saw Angela. Apparently, the alcohol was starting to hit Isabella as well. "Angela, you have to see him." From the corner of her eyes, she could see someone else was in the booth now, but Isabella couldn't find herself to care who it was. "Iz," Angela tried to interrupt, but she couldn't stop the words from spilling out even if she wanted to. "Oh my God, he's so fucking hot." Isabella gushed, suddenly parched as she looked for the closest drink and then downed it in one gulp. She sputtered when she realized it was straight scotch. "Jesus." She coughed, trying to find her breath. "That's great, but we would like you to meet someone." Angela's eyes flickered over to the stranger that remained in Isabella's peripheral, as her friend shot her a look that was loud and clear. She was being rude. Ben was desperately trying to hide his laughter as Angela continued to shoot Isabella daggers. But her ears also registered someone else's masculine laugh, a surprisingly arousing sound. Deep and rich, just like the scotch she had just drunk. Finally, she turned her head and in her shock, her mouth now hanging open, making her appear to be a fish out of water Not only was it the man from earlier: The hot one—or more specifically—the fucking hot one, as Isabella's mind lagged at just how attractive he was. But there was more. She knew him. Beyond the previous encounter, she knew him. Edward Cullen. Her high school boyfriend and basic embodiment of everything Isabella had never been able to find again. Fuck. Angela just forced a smile before she announced, "Honey, this is Edward, and Edward this is—" "Izzy." Isabella quickly interrupted with her ridiculous nickname before Angela could finish. Apparently, by some miracle, he had yet to recognize her, and she wanted to keep it that way. "I'm Izzy. It's nice to meet you." She swallowed a lump in her throat as she stuck out her hand, opting to use only the name Angela used for her. Thankfully, Angela and Ben stayed silent, but both were wearing wary expressions. But Edward, it seemed, had yet to notice anything at all, as he gave Isabella a grin she knew all too well. "I'm Edward, it's a pleasure to meet you, Izzy . I think I saw you at the bar earlier." "Yeah." Was all she could reply