I've completely revamped this chapter. When I was reading over it, I realized how out of character they all were. Plus my writing has changed a lot since I originally wrote this, and there were some inconsistencies that needed to be addressed. I think it's a lot better now. Let me know what you think! Disclaimer: Unfortunately all rights belong to JK Rowling, I wish I could've imagined something as brilliant as her. Plot is mine, but that's it. Still Fighting It A young woman sat at a mahogany desk in a small but comfortable office, staring unseeingly at the papers in front of her. She bit her nails in worry, a habit she picked up as a teenager. Her boss at The Daily Prophet sent her a memo earlier stating that they "needed to talk." These words rarely brought good news. Every few minutes she would glance at the clock, and then go back to biting her nails in anticipation, unable to concentrate on work. Suddenly a knock sounded. "Come in." She said, trying to keep her voice from sounding too nervous. "Hey Hermione." Harry Potter, her best friend, greeted as he walked in. "Oh, Harry it's only you" She muttered dejectedly. "Nice to see you too," he said sarcastically. "I'm sorry, it's always nice to see you, but I was rather hoping you were my boss. She said she wanted to meet with me and I've been driving myself mad with worry," she explained. Hermione was always glad when her friends visited her at work, but the black haired man couldn't have picked a worse time. "I'm sure it will be fine, if anything she's probably coming to tell you about another promotion you got," He stated, chuckling. "Anyway, I just stopped by to make sure you were still coming over for dinner tonight." "Of course I am. Although if I get fired for some reason, you better make sure you have a lot of liquor. And, Harry, you could have just flooed you know?" She said, distractedly straightening the papers on her desk for the umpteenth time. "They would be crazy to fire you. Besides, you've never failed at anything in your life, no reason to start worrying about it now. And I know I could have flooed, but I was on my lunch break, and I just wanted to speak to someone who wasn't so…emotional. You know I love Ginny, and I'm incredibly happy with her, but one minute she's laughing, the next she's crying, then she's yelling, and then back to laughing. I just can't keep up!" Harry exclaimed. "Harry, she's pregnant! What do you expect?" Hermione reproached, raising an eyebrow. He smiled sheepishly and said, "I know, and I'm thrilled, really I am. I just didn't think she would be so…angry all the time." Hermione rolled her eyes at her best friend. "She's eight months pregnant! And besides if there's anyone to blame, it's you. I think you would react in much the same way if you puked your guts out every day, couldn't even see your feet anymore, your back hurt constantly, you could barely stand up, and on top of all that you have to worry about pushing this huge thing out of your—" "Miss Granger?" Hermione, with a face as red as a cherry, peered around Harry and to her horror, saw her boss: Lila Mahan "H-hello Lila, how are you?" Hermione asked politely, struggling to keep her voice level. She prayed that her face wasn't as red as she thought and that Lila hadn't overheard the entire conversation. "I'm fine Hermione, and yourself? I'm sorry if I came at a bad time." She said, glancing at Harry. "Oh no, it's fine, Harry was just about to leave. Weren't you Harry?" She stated, daring him to say no. "Oh, er yes, I was…I have to get back to work. See you later Mione. Er…nice to meet you" He mumbled, walking out the door. "Yes, you too," Lila replied, as he walked by, shutting the door behind him, "Hermione I have some news." "Yes?" She said, not bothering to keep the anxiety out of her voice. "I trust you've heard about what happened to poor Emma. Such a shame, she was so young and such a talented writer." Lila said, genuine sadness coloring her voice. Hermione nodded solemnly, thinking about the poor young girl. She was only a year younger than herself. Her body was found a couple of days ago, with the dark mark seared onto her arm. The work of Death Eaters of course, for although Voldemort was dead, they were stronger than ever and worse no one knew who the leader was. Hermione couldn't figure out why they would target Emma, but the whole office felt the loss. "Did you know what column she wrote?" "Er…gossip I believe." Hermione replied, wondering why that was relevant. "Yes, but she also wrote another in secret." Lila said meaningfully. "Are you saying that she was the one that uncovered all of the death eater stories?" Hermione asked, shocked. She never would have suspected. "Unfortunately yes," Lila replied. Hermione knew Emma was intelligent, and always thought she would have been better suited to something more serious than gossip, but she would have never guessed that she was the author of the Death Eater articles. Emma was such a sweet girl, Hermione shouldn't have found it surprising that she would put herself in danger like that to protect others. She must have uncovered something that they didn't want her to know. Her death suddenly made sense. "So, that's why they killed her." Hermione said, thinking aloud. "Yes, we can only guess that the Death Eaters discovered her involvement with the column. But that's not what I need to speak with you about. As you know, the reports of Death Eater activity are extremely important, and with Emma gone, we have to find a replacement. I have thought deeply about this and feel that you would be the best for the job. It's extremely dangerous, and you have every right to turn it down, but please think about it and let me know as soon as possible." Hermione quickly weighed her options. She could say no and continue to write her political column without any extra danger, but how could she live with herself knowing that she wasn't doing everything she could to protect the world she fought so hard to save. When it came down to it, there was only one choice. "I'll do it," she said determinedly, "This has to be stopped," "Hermione please don't rush into this." Lila reasoned. "In what world did you expect me to say no?" She asked lightly, trying to lighten the mood. Lila chuckled, and sat down. "Then I suppose we should discuss the details," she said. "We are taking extra precautions with you. I've spoken with the Head Auror and after weighing the pros and cons we've decided to assign you with some extra protection, or in other words, a bodyguard. It may make you more transparent to the Death Eaters, but ultimately you will be safer. We will of course release false information as to why you've hired a bodyguard to throw them off track. Lastly, we will continue to use Emma's pseudonym, and you will need to continue your political column so as not to raise suspicion." "Thank you for the extra precaution, but I don't feel that a bodyguard will be necessary, in fact I think they may get in the way," Hermione said courteously. She worked best on her own, and didn't want someone getting in the way of finding the truth. "I'm afraid the bodyguard is non negotiable," Lila said firmly. Hermione looked at the resolute expression on her boss's face and decided not to argue. She had learned from her long friendship with Ron to pick her battles, and this didn't appear to be one she would win. "Alright," she said placidly, "then I will agree to your terms." Lila smiled, but there was a sadness behind it that could only come from knowing the magnitude of what she was asking. "If I'm honest, I was fairly confident that you would accept the position, and have asked your bodyguard to be here today. Are you ready to meet him?" she asked, going to the door. "They're here right now?" she asked, surprised. "I wanted you to meet him right away." She said, motioning to someone outside. "Draco, you can come in now." "Draco? Please don't tell me it's—Malfoy?!" she exclaimed, shock covering her face as the familiar blond man stepped into her office. "Miss me Granger?" He asked, smirking that ever-present smirk. One look at him and all the hatred from their school days came rushing back. "I see you're still as arrogant as ever." She said icily, glaring at him. "And you still have a stick up your arse," He replied, glaring in return. "Grow up Malfoy!" "So, I see you two know each other already." Lila said, interrupting them before it could get any worse. "Unfortunately. Er…Lila, could I have a word with you?" Hermione asked going over to a corner. There was no way she would work with him. Even though his name had been cleared after the war, in large part due to Harry's testimony, she didn't trust him as far as she could throw him. Did she think he was a death eater? No, but that didn't mean that she trusted him with her life. He had always been one for self-preservation. After hearing "can't work with", "insufferable git", and "slimy ferret", Draco decided to interrupt. "It's not as if I woke up today and thought 'Gee, it would be such a treat if I got to work with Granger', trust me, I was forced" He interrupted, rolling his eyes. "I don't believe I was talking to you, Malfoy." "Hermione, Draco is one of the best Aurors they have, if anyone can keep you safe, it's him." She stated. "I'm only trying to prevent what happened to Emma from happening to you, but if you really don't think you can work with him then I will be forced to find someone else to fill this position." Hermione looked at her boss. This was why Lila was in charge, she could make the tough decisions and stick to them. She was guilting her into working with Malfoy, and worst of all, it was working. She would stop arguing for now, but that didn't mean that she would accept the situation. "I'm sorry. You're right, Lila. My behavior was childish and immature, and I apologize. It's just…I'm wondering why Harry couldn't do it? He's the best Auror they have, and we're already together a lot, so it wouldn't seem out of the ordinary." "We did consider that, but this is a full time job. You need someone who will be able to be with you around the clock, and Harry won't be able to do that, what with his family and all. It's quite apparent that you and Mr. Malfoy have some sort of…history, but he will be able to keep you safe, and that is what's most important." She replied, looking at Hermione pointedly, as if daring her to argue. "I understand, you're right of course," Hermione said politely. Inside, she was screaming at the woman. "I spoke with the Head Auror Shacklebolt and he said there were some precautionary measures we should take in keeping your flat secure. I'm assuming you know what I'm talking about Draco?" "Yes maam." He replied politely. "Good, I would like the two of you to go do that right now. And please, for Merlin's sake, try to get along." She said, leaving them alone. "Well you heard what she said Granger, get going." He said, smirking. Rolling her eyes and sighing exasperatedly she stomped out of the small office with Draco following closely behind. She didn't say a word