You know when you look around at the world and sometimes it feels so big and wonder why its so hard to fit in. One would think it would be easy too, since the world is so big there would be plenty of opportunities to find a place. But in reality, its extremely hard to find people who you can be your true self around, especially when it comes to the opposite sex. Well, let me tell you, its really hard for someone as awkward as me to find that one person that I can let loose around and not be at all worried about what they think. My name is Bella swan, and this is my story about finding the one… "Alright class, I shouldn't have to remind you that there will be a test on chapters one through five on Friday, but since I'm feeling nice today I figured I would would remind you of your impending doom coming up. Study hard, this test ain't gonna be easy. See you all soon" Mr. Stewart proclaimed in the same monotone voice he uses for the entire 50 min class. "Please if he believes any of us would even bother looking over notes until Thursday night, then he needs to go to the doctor and get his brain examined" Rose, my best friend dramatically says. "Well for those of you who don't mind squeaking by with a C in the class sure wouldn't but I've been keeping up with the reading as I actually have goals in life" Alice states. Rose looks at Alice and rolls her striking baby blue eyes "Whatever's clever shorty" and pulls out her phone and smiles "Guys Em is playing at some bar on Monroe Ave, we gotta check it out". Alice, who is now putting her pencil back in her pencil case, like who has those anymore, immediately beings to protest "didn't you just hear Mr. Stewart inform us about the test. I need all the time I can to prepare. You know Rose, you are not going to be able to memorize all the different equations for the test in one night. I'm sure your boyfriend would understand if you didn't make it just this one time." "Ugh c'mon Alice, lighten up and have some fun. You have all Thursday and Friday morning to prepare. You need a little spice in your life. All you do is study. And what about you Bella? You game? " I zip up my back pack and wait while these two slow pokes finish whatever the hell they are doing. Alice is actually paper clipping our handouts from class. Who the heck is that organized? I shift my attention back to Rose and think of an excuse to get out of this situation. "ummmmmmm I have a huge presentation that I am super nervous about tomorrow so I better stay in for the night to prepare for it" I mutter and start walking to the door. Rose throws her hands up and sighs hysterically "Why are you guys so lame? You know what, I am not taking NO for an answer. You both are coming with me and we will be back before midnight" She texts something and practically runs out of the room before Alice can strangle her. "See you bitches later" leaving Alice and I and several other boys simply just staring at her graceful self. Alice looks at me "Why the hell does she do that? This is a free country and I am free will to say NO. She is NOT going to do this to me. I have too much at stake. I need an A in this class to make my 4.0. If I don't, my parents will have my head" I simply star at the sky and ask God why he stuck me with these two girls that have totally different personalities as my best friends. You see, Alice and Rosalie are my two roomies. At Clarkson University, there are triple rooms, and those questions they ask you so they can stick you with someone similar to you are complete bushtit. We all couldn't be more different if we tried. Rosalie is the typical blond hair blue eyed, rockin bod, beauty queen, badass party girl that all the girls wanna be. She has the mouth of a sailor, can hold he liquor like my father and goes through guys like chocolate chip cookies. Alice on the other hand, is barley 5 feet tall, short dark hair and is your typical book worm, devoted student and goes to bed at 8:00 on a Saturday night kinda girl. She's never dated anyone and ignores any man that tries to even approach her. As for me , I guess I am a little bit of both. I care about school and like to make good grades, but hey I don't mind going out every once in a while for a drink and even enjoy some male company now and then. I guess you could say I am the mediator for a lot of things that go on. Needless to say, somehow we all make it work and are as thick as thieves. We have been roomies for the past four years. It's now our last semester as undergrads and I still can't wrap my head around the fact that we haven't ripped each others heads off yet. "Alice" I say as we make our way back to the dorms "it's our last semester together before we are all separated. Why don't we just go for a bit. We probably won't leave till eight and Rose said we would be back before Midnight. You can still get plenty of studying done before then. I say we give it a chance. Besides, Rose's flavor of the week is pretty cool. You said you even liked Emmett" Alice seems to be struggling with an internal battle but finally caves. "I guess your right Bells. And yea Em is pretty cool, but if we aren't home by midnight, I am cutting all of Rose's hair off when she goes to sleep" I pull my key out and unlock our door "Yea and I know you mean that" I laugh and plop my back pack on my bed "But let's just try and make the most of it alright?" Alice sits down on her perfectly made bed and eyes the few candy wrappers and soda cans I have laying around by my bed and hesitantly nods her head "Alright Bella" she says. I sit on my unmade bed and turn on my computer and smile. Mission accomplished. 2 hours later, I am ready to squirt pepper spray in both Rose and Alice's eyes to make them stop bickering. "If you think I am going to run around in a dress that is barely long enough to cover my ass then you are out of your mind" shouts Alice Rose towers over her as she is about 6'2 in her stilettos and gives her the look. When Rosalie gives you the bitch face, you have two choices: to a. run like racehorse or b. just give in to whatever she says. Alice quickly hits Rosalie's boob and bolts for the door. Rose screams and grabs her boob while I quickly block the door and wrestle Alice into a choke hold. "Holy shit you are both worse that the triplets I babysat it high school when I told them they couldn't have any chocolate. Both of you just shut the fuck up and get ready. Alice, I have a dress you can borrow, and Rose, you should call Emmett to get directions. Alice and Rose have this intense stare down and Alice finally breaks the silence "Bella you need to let me go so I can breath." "Whoops, sorry girl" I mutter and let go of her. Alice marches up to Rose and gives her a hug. "Sorry I slapped your boob, but if you ever force me to wear a whore dress again, I'll pin you to the ground and wax off both your eyebrows" Rose smirks and hugs her back "You fight dirty. Now go put on a fucking dress that makes you look like the little nun that you are and fucking get me you fucker" They both release each other and go their separate ways. I breathe a sight of relief and finish braiding my hair. Once everything is finished, I take a good hard look at my self. You know how everyone has that one thing that makes them stand out. Like Rose with her beautiful body or Alice with her amazing skin that's never had a pimple a day in her life. I try to find something striking or beautiful but I got nothing. Sure my hair is nice. It's just a regular brown that goes down to my breasts. I have normal brown eyes and an average body. I do have nice legs, since I run almost every day, but I've seen nicer. To be completely honest, I believe that everything about me is pretty ordinary. I see my friends get checked out by guys all the time. I feel as though I am invisible sometimes compared to them and it defiantly sucks. Rosalie has a different boyfriend every week and has guys chasing after her all the time. Alice, while refuses to give in to any attention she receives, the cute little figure and pixie hair cut attracts men all the time. Me however, I am lucky to have a guy even look at me, and even that happens few and far in between "Quit sulking like a little bitch and continue to get the fuck ready. Em says they play in 20 min and it takes a good ten to drive there" I smile and roll my eyes and fish for my lip gloss. "Yes princess" I reply and quickly slab some on and spray my hair one more time. I go back to the room and find my wallet and quickly dash out the door, lock it and catch up with the girls who are now bickering about drinking "All I am saying Rose, is that if you drink too much and throw up on me again, I will cut you and post that super embarrassing picture to facebook for the whole world to see. "Oh you wouldn't dare, you conniving little cu-" "Alright enough with the bickering my old married couple" I say and slap my hand over Rose's mouth to prevent her from using hurtful words. "Lets go have some fun" and remove my hand from Rose's mouth before she does something weird. We make our way to my cute red 1950s pick up truck. We all gather in and buckle up. I start the ignition and my truck rubles to life making the sound of a snoring old man and zoom the fuck outta there leaving two girls in the parking lot stunned from the noise. "Alright my dirty whores, let ourselves have a good night. Shots as soon as we enter the bar" Rose screams and pumps her fist while Alice mutters under her breath and stares out the window. I turn on some country music and blare that shit up. If we're gonna go out, we mind as well go all out. A couple of right turns, two honks at really stupid drivers, and Rose flipping off a truck driver, we make it to the to bar alive. We enter the bar and Rose immediately scans the room for her man of the week. Emmett is hard to miss since he is literally almost 7 feet tall. He seriously could be a body builder with his bulging muscles and tall stature. He seems us first, and barrels his way through the crowd of other college students and lifts Rose up and twirls her around "RRROOOSSSSIIIEEEEEEEE" her screams "so glad you could make it BABY" Rose