Hej! This is the product of one too many train journeys. I thought it would be fun to mesh the alternative world of Remus and Tonks surviving with the Cursed Child. Reviews are always appreciated! 31st December 2016 Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday my darling, happy birthday to you! I ate some cake on your behalf, chocolate of course. You do share 50% of your genes with your father so their is a fair chance that you would enjoy chocolate just as much as he does. I love you so much. It physically pains me that I cannot tell you that. Mum — Remus' hand hovered over the handle on his son's bedroom door. Not only an hour ago he'd said good night to Teddy and tucked him into his bed. It seemed like a silly thing to do to a seventeen year old but tonight, of all nights, he needed to. Plus the fact that Teddy had been feeling ill with some kind of upset stomach which he put down to eating at least five times is own body weight in the last week alone. Remus sighed and feeling all of his nearly fifty six years and gripped the handle but only tentatively poked his head around the door. Teddy's mop of blue hair was just about visible, illuminated by the moonlight seeping through his curtains. Just a half moon tonight, but still as repulsive to Remus. Teddy's room was the usual mess. Parchment strewn across the desk, the debris from the last minute scramble to complete homework. The remnants of Christmas decorations remained; a miniature dancing elf toy was now definitely flagging somewhat and kept having to take a break from its seemingly endless prancing, leaning on an open copy of 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them'. Strains of tinsel and ribbon still lay strewn between the bookcase and the wardrobe although they too were now looking a little bedraggled. Only two more sleeps until Teddy would be back on the Hogwarts express for his last spring term at the school. Teddy's appointment as Head Boy had come as a surprise to Teddy but not to Remus. Teddy had grown up to be a sensitive leader rather than the headstrong type that had previously held the position of Head Boy. Remus knew that McGonagall had been working to take the focus of the school away from individual heroism towards collective responsibility and a kinder, more equitable learning environment. This was mirrored in what Hermione was trying to do at the Ministry and Remus was convinced that she would soon be Minister for Magic. Remus heard the front door opening downstairs and a muffled conversation before it closed, the noise of which made Teddy stir slightly in his sleep. The boy's back was to his father, his face buried in his pillow. Remus suddenly felt a pang followed by an irrational anger. He didn't want anything to disturb Teddy, he wanted his son to sleep perfectly. Truth be told, although he knew that the visitors downstairs were coming with the best intentions, he just wanted to be alone with his family, or rather what was left of it, the parts that by some miracle Remus and his affliction hadn't managed to totally ruin. Teddy shifted again, snuffling slightly. Remus crouched, softly placing a hand on Teddy's arm. He could just about hear the chink of glasses downstairs and the scraping of chairs across the stone kitchen floor. He knew that he would have to go down and join them eventually, Molly would see to that, but for now he was content to be here, crouching on his aching heels with his son. His precious boy. — Teddy had gone to bed early, deliberately trying to avoid his Dad, making up some story about feeling ill. Remus had hovered around Teddy all day and although there was a small, perhaps cruel, part of him that just wanted his Dad to snap out of it, Teddy did sort of understand why. Eleven years today since it happened. Teddy had only been six years old at the time and as such his memories were a little patchy. However what he did distinctly remember was his Dad picking him up and not letting him go for what felt like over a month. When Teddy woke up, Remus would come and pick him up, carrying him downstairs to breakfast where Teddy would sit on Remus' knee whilst he ate, his Dad's face buried in the back of his small son's neck. And so the morning would continue, and the afternoon and the evening, with Remus holding Teddy close to him. He didn't say much. Just that he loved Teddy. He said that a lot. And that he was sorry. He said that a lot too. Despite the fact that his Dad went manic with decorations and food and music and generally gaiety, the Christmas break at home was always difficult, but this year even more so. It was a 'landmark' year. It would be one of those birthdays that would have been call for proper celebration if all had gone well. But all had not gone well and Teddy thought that it would be very unlikely that had the child survived, they may not have been well enough to attend Hogwarts anyway. This particular reality was one that all those around him seemed to be sweeping under a rather large rug. This was not to say that Teddy was unsympathetic to his parents. Losing a child was something that you never really got over and Teddy himself often wondered what life would be like with a sibling. He supposed that they would probably argue a bit but at the core of it all would be something strong, born out of a shared experience growing up with the enigmatic and eccentric Remus and Nymphadora Lupin. It would also be nice to have someone else who had a werewolf as one of their parents. Or rather, someone else who had a werewolf as a parent that had been created in love not rage or hate or malice or whim. Teddy knew that after the Second Wizarding War there was a spike in the number of 'halfies', particularly those fathered by Greyback or one of his pack. Teddy himself was not affected at all by his father's lycanthropy but he also knew that there were those who were born with varying degrees of the condition. Teddy never knew whether the child had been a boy or a girl. His parents never said and he did not want to ask. But he assumed that they had been afflicted with a particularly virulent form of lycanthropy and had been unable to survive their own birth or had died very shortly after. Teddy shifted slightly in his bed and snuffled, wondering if he should turn and face Remus but decided not to. He loved his father, but he did not like the way he coddled him. When Teddy became Head Boy, he thought that his Dad would start to see him more as an adult and a leader but that had not yet really happened. Bizarrely, Teddy thought, it was when Teddy announced that he was in a relationship with Victoire Weasley that had instigated the shift. It had also prompted 'The Talk' again, as well as Remus' own personal warning about lycanthropy, which was less pleasant. But this holiday, all that progress seemed to have been wiped out. Whilst on New Year's Eve, other people in Teddy's year were out celebrating, he was stuck in bed, faking nausea. Being a Lupin meant that New Years Eve meant something else entirely. It was not a day of celebration. It was a day of remembering lost potential and something that Teddy found very difficult. He never knew how to behave or what to say and this year he chickened out. Deep down, he knew that he should go downstairs and talk to people but there was a mildly selfish part of him that told him to stay buried under his duvet. It was not as if he would be much missed anyway, he thought with a bitterness that surprised him. He rebuked himself for that and immediately felt guilty. After all, he was showered with affection 365 days of the year and had grown up feeling utterly loved and secure. What more could he ask for? Teddy felt the weight of his father's hand on his arm and heard a slight creak as presumably Remus moved to sit on his heels. Teddy immediately wanted to turn around and tell Remus to either sit on the bed or stand up because that position could surely not be comfortable for him. He was about to do so, feign waking up, when after a few minutes he felt his father's face come briefly to rest on his arm. His arm was now damp. Remus was silently crying and Teddy did not know what to do. — Molly, Arthur and Ginny had let themselves in. Tonks had given them a key many years ago now and Molly in particular often popped in to see the Lupins, dropping off some knitted item of clothing or a dish of food or occasionally both. "Crikey" Arthur said as he entered the hall which was covered in decorations "Remus doesn't hold back at Christmas does he?" "Can you blame him?" Ginny replied. "I mean, he's finally got a family to celebrate Christmas with. He didn't have that for years." Arthur sighed and nodded. Molly meanwhile had headed straight into the kitchen and was already pouring glasses of drink for everyone. Harry had once described Molly as being "a little like Mary Berry on the gin front". Ginny and Ron had looked at him utterly baffled whereas Hermione had spit out her drink and was doubled up laughing. Molly handed glasses to Ginny and Arthur and clinked them together, toasting the year to come early. This year James, Albus and Lily had gone to Ron and Hermione's. Sometimes they came to Remus and Tonks' house but Molly and Ginny weren't sure if that was necessarily going to be a good idea this year, not least because Albus was turning into a rather unpredictable and moody young man. Apparently nine was a very difficult age. James was itching to turn eleven so that he could get his Hogwarts letter. He had decided that he was going to be in Gryffindor and Harry had to gently keep reminding him that that was not necessarily how it worked despite the fact that Harry secretly wanted all his children to be in Gryffindor and frankly would be disappointed with any other outcome. Ginny on the other hand was more liberal and often voiced the view that life might be a bit quieter and less perilous if the children turned out to be Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs and had not inherited Harry's hero complex. Molly began working on a chilli for the evening whilst Ginny assisted. Arthur, who was utterly inept in the kitchen, instead busied himself looking through a stack of books that Remus was obviously going through for work. Arthur had long since retired from the Ministry although his interest in Muggles had not waned one iota. He found that having Hermione as a daughter in law was a mine of information and often made excuses to keep visiting her parents so that he could "embed himself in the Muggle world". Sadly, however, they too were unable to tell him what the exact function of a rubber duck was. Some things, it seemed, would remain a mystery. "You know that Harry will take over the cooking as soon as he comes Mum" Ginny said, smiling softly. Initially Ginny had been unhappy with Harry cooking as she linked it so clearly to his time with the Dursleys where he had been made to cook but never got to eat