Disclaimer : Apparently, I'm supposed to let you know that I do not own Twilight or the characters therein. This was an entry in the "Pop the Question" anonymous o/s fanfic contest. It's the first thing I've written since the 2nd grade when my teacher told me my writing was derivative. Yeah, I may be a bit over-sensitive… Ennahoo, big smooches to the supportive friends I've met here, who gave me the courage to write. Mwah! ~oOo~ "Will you marry me?" Bella's eyes widened as she registered that the words had actually left her mouth. Crappitycrapcrap, what in the fuck was that? Not smooth, Swan! Not in the script! Grabbing the pitcher, she poured another mojito, her third of the evening, not bothering with ice. "I mean, we should totally get married some day, right?...ha ha." She laughed weakly, finally registering that Edward did not appear to be listening to her, anyway. Okay, maybe she hadn't enunciated very well, and her mojito-inspired word vomit had gone under the radar. She could hope. Okay, you can save this. Act casual. Booze. Booze is my friend. Damn, this mix is awesome. Can't even taste the alcohol. Feeling a telltale blush begin, she hid behind her hair to wait for the liquid courage to kick in as her mind raced with anxiety. How had a whole week since college graduation gone by, and yet she was still at square one? She had planned, she had given herself pep talks, coached by her faithful partner in crime, Edward's cousin, Alice — hell, she'd even practiced looking sexy in the mirror — all to no avail. Tomorrow was the last day of the month. Bella's lease would be up, and she would be moving away and leavingEdward behind, unless she managed to throw a new variable into the equation. See? I even think in geeky algebraic metaphors. More proof that we are destined to be together. Raising her voice above the retro mix playing in the background, she tried again. "Edward?" "Hmmmm?" He stood across from her at his kitchen table, head bent over their puzzle, apparently deep in concentration. His head bopped to the beat of George Michael and he mouthed the words to "I Want Your Sex" as he swiveled his hips, sifting through puzzle pieces. She noticed he was paying special attention to assembling Deanna Troy's tits. Huh – Alice is right. Edward is a total boob man. Well, I just happen to have some of those boob things, myself. Pretending to work on Captain Picard's ear, she leaned over the table, resting her weight on her elbows, and adjusted the deep blue babydoll top Alice had loaned her, promising it would make Edward stupid. The "girls" were looking perky tonight, not that they'd ever seen much action. I'm going to die a virgin, I swear to God. Edward finally lifted his head, his clear green eyes focusing on hers as a sweet smile lit his face. "Yeah?" He added a few special moves as George Michael grunted in the background; his low-slung jeans threatened to succumb to the call of gravity. If only. God, he was beautiful. Who was she kidding? If he hadn't decided she was his type by now, it was never going to happen. Stop it! You'll never forgive yourself if you don't try. What have you got to lose? She took a deep breath. Here we go . "Do you want to watch a movie or something?" Couch time. Remove dork from puzzle. Alice would be proud. "Yeah, a movie sounds good. Besides, we got this." Triumphantly fitting a piece into the center of Picard's forehead, Edward flashed her the Vulcan peace sign and danced out of the room, chugging his Sam Adams. How is he always that cheerful, without the aid of pharmaceuticals? "Okay then!" she called after him, "I'll just... get us something to eat..." She headed toward the refrigerator and continued under her breath, "...masturbate in the shower... whatever..." Bella stopped with her hand on the refrigerator door, caught off-guard by the old photo taken during their first year of college. She studied the eighteen-year-old Bella and Edward. In the photo, a much skinnier, bespectacled Edward was seated on the ground, and a scrawnier version of herself knelt behind him, her arms wrapped around his neck. He had reached up with one hand to hug her forearm against his chest. She took in the easy, joyful smiles. She tried to imagine what it would be like if she no longer saw him every day, perhaps didn't even live in the same city. Her heart constricted painfully, and she closed her eyes. Please, let this work. Please...let him want me. Four Years Earlier ~ First Year of College Bella had just left her dorm room when a boy came tripping up the stairs that led to her quad, his moving box crashing in front of him, his glasses skipping across the floor and landing at her feet. Stooping to retrieve them, she'd looked up to meet the most stunning set of green eyes she'd ever seen, and her mouth hung open, stupidly. Ducking his head, the boy muttered to himself as he scrambled to gather the personal items that had spilled out onto the floor. "Damn it! Stupid bullshit..." Edging closer, she put a hand on his lanky forearm, stopping his movements. "Hey. Um... here are your glasses. They seem fine..." She blushed as he looked up again from his kneeling position and took them from her, placing the glasses back on his nose. He blinked at her, his expression dazed. Reflexively pushing her own glasses into place, she offered him a shy smile. His eyes widened and he quickly looked away, running a hand through his unruly hair. "Thanks." He let out a nervous sounding chuckle and stood, wiping his palms on his thighs as he shifted on his feet. Bella stood as well, and they regarded each other for a moment in painful silence. Talk to the beautiful boy, Bella. This is your chance. You saw him first. "No problem..." she took a deep breath and huffed it out, gathering her courage. "I'm Bella. I live there." She gestured behind her and stuffed her hands protectively into her pockets. "Edward." He met her eyes and held out his hand politely. Bella awkwardly pulled hers back out of her jeans pocket and place her hand in his. Warmth. Comfort. Speak, Bella. Use your words. "Okay..." She shook her head in frustration at her awkwardness. Strangely, maddeningly, he still held her hand in his.She mustered her courage and continued."Um, I think we're the only ones here yet. You want some help up with your stuff?" Her offer was interrupted by the slam of a door and voices below, clearly someone's parents. They jerked away from each other in embarrassment as a woman's melodic voice echoed in the stairwell. "It looks so beautiful on the outside, but why don't they make the vestibule more welcoming?" "These are dorms, Esme. You do remember college, don't you? They build these things to take some punishment." The man's voice was strained, as if he was carrying something heavy. Edward rolled his eyes in embarrassment and gestured toward the stairs with his head. "My parents. I think we've got it covered." He hesitated, then put a hand briefly on her shoulder. "But, thanks...Bella" Even with his glasses, she could see the way his eyes crinkled when he smiled, and she felt a warmth in her chest. She nodded her head and backed away toward her open door. "So...let me know if you need anything..." Edward's parents came into view on the last flight of stairs, intimidatingly good looking and well dressed.The warm smiles on their faces quickly dispelled her reservations, however. "Oh, look! Edward's already met a friend!" the woman enthused, her eyes moving between Edward and Bella. Edward grimaced apologetically and made the introductions. "Mom, Dad, this is Bella. Bella, these are my parents, Esme and Carlisle Cullen." Bella bobbed her head and gave a small wave, wishing she'd made it through her door to safety so she could avoid meeting these beautiful people, but also feeling a thrill at having an excuse to continue talking with Edward. "Bella, it's so good to meet you. Are your parents still here?" Esme looked past Bella to her empty room. "No...um... My dad couldn't stay. It's a pretty long drive, so he had to get started." She shrugged awkwardly, surprised that she suddenly felt a bit forlorn. Carlisle's voice was kind. "Would you like to join us for dinner? We'd love to get to know you before we head home." "Please." Edward smiled at her, bashful yet somehow confident. "Please come." She'd accepted gladly, unexpected optimism making the decision easy. Sophomore Year Bella surreptitiously studied Edward as he read a book, sprawled out on her sofa. He'd come back from summer break with contacts and a good haircut. Noting the way his t-shirt now stretched across his back, she decided that he'd also filled out quite a bit. She shook her head in bemusement. I guess I can understand why he's suddenly the shiny new toy every girl wants. A seemingly endless stream of (clearly shallow) girls had been after him for weeks now, like flies on meat — not that he was complaining, mind you. Bella sighed; she supposed she couldn't blame him. To hear him tell it, this was the first time in his life that the opposite sex had paid him any attention, so of course he was enjoying the boost to his self-esteem. She should be happy for him...but she had to admit, at least to herself, that she was far from happy. The first time she'd interrupted Edward and some starry-eyed girl in his room, she'd immediately felt the urge to rip the interloper to shreds. That was when she realized she was in deep trouble. She sighed again, and Edward raised his head from his book. "Hey...everything okay?" "Yeah. Just a bit of a headache." She met his eyes as briefly as possible — he could always tell when she was lying — and quickly turned back to her computer, feigning concentration. When had her feelings changed? She thought back, and couldn't pinpoint the exact time. They'd been nearly inseparable through their first year, both a bit book-nerdish and not inclined to party. Ever the realist, she'd told herself early on that she could never think of him as anything more than a friend, partly because of her own insecurities, but mostly because she was certain that he harbored only platonic feelings for her. But then summer break had come, and she'd missed him terribly, despite Skyping and texting every day. It was on a warm night in August that she'd been lying in her childhood bed after texting Edward goodnight. She'd pondered the uncomfortable ache in her chest and wondered if, despite her efforts to protect her heart, she might be falling for her best friend. She cast him a surreptitious glance. It certainly had nothing to do with his changed appearance; that had simply activated the Estrogen Brigade, thus forcing her to acknowledge her feelings, if only to herself. Edward wasn't actually taking any of the girls up on their increasingly obvious offers, but surely, it was only a matter of time. She'd have to get used to the idea. This time Bella suppressed her sigh, resigned that, for the first time since they'd met, she would not be able to confide in her best friend. Edward put his book away and rested on his side, quietly watching her as she typed. She pretended not to notice. Junior Year By tradition, Friday was movie night, but the rest of their friends had begged off, so Edward and Bella were on their own. Movie temporarily forgotten, they sat on his sofa, fighting over a bowl of popcorn and trading insults. "Seriously, dude, Lauren Mallory?