A/N: This is sort of a prequel to Deja Vu Dark Rituals. I thought about only posting the two one-shots that are in here, and cutting the crap where I ramble on and "tell" not "show" but I like that it covers everything. In second year, Tom Riddle rose to rule Slytherin. This, everyone thought, was the most unexpected, amazing thing that happened that entire year. But not to a young boy named Hadrian Evans. As the only other ostracized boy of his year, he discovered that he, because of his Spiritspeak, which enabled him to communicate with all in the Otherealm, he could also understand parseltongue. While everyone looked at Tom with horror, Hadrian only looked with interest. And that, more than his status as "mudblood", was what first caught Tom Riddle's attention. TOM's POV And while he cruelly made everyone in Slytherin submit to him, he promised that he would make Hadrian Evans the last. His friends wanted to bully Hadrian, but he wouldn't let them. Hadrian was his. Slowly, he realized that underneath the cool exterior, Hadrian was a playful boy with vast intellect. Despite appearances, the boy was Light. He loved muggleborns and didn't mind muggles. But, as he pushed his presence on Hadrian, Tom would only laugh inside. Because the boy had a dark secret. A type of power which, like his ability to speak to snakes, would make him instantly royalty in Slytherin. Tom didn't want anyone else to share Hadrian. And so he let the boy keep it a secret. And live in relative peace in Slytherin... except from him, of course. Harry's POV In third year, one incidence got out of hand. It was over blood-purism, of all things. Tom Riddle was heck annoying. Wherever he went, the boy was watching him like a hawk. Ready for any sign of weakness. Tom invited him into his circle. Harry had brushed the boy off. But Tom grabbed if that wasn't enough… the boy said things that just made his head boil. Blood purism was garbage and here he was, sprouting it in Harry's face, as if Harry should thank him for the audacity. Harry had replied in kind. He told Tom exactly what he thought of a muggleborn turned heir of slytherin who was suddenly best of friends with the pureblood crowd. Tom had lashed back with his power. And only then did Harry realize his mistake. A fight, no matter win or lose, meant there was no anonymity for him anymore. But Harry wasn't going to lose. Their curses clashed in the Slytherin Common room like wildfire and neither knew how it ended. They were both out in the infirmary for a month. They reached a public truce. But... their rivalary only continued from there. In fifth year, Moaning Murtle was killed. Everyone seemed to think Hadrian was the blame. He was almost expelled. Tom was sitting in the Slytherin common room when a furious Hadrian stormed in. He grabbed the quill in the Prefect's hand and pulled it out of his grasp. "What the hell were you thinking?" Hadrian yelled. "Excuse me?" "Telling people that I murdered Murtle." "How terrible. As your prefect can offer you some advice, given your... standing. Given the severity of the accusation, you likely face expulsion. Your wand will be snapped and you will never be allowed to perform magic again." And if that didn't make Hadrian's blood boil. "The chamber of secrets is open, you are heir of Slytherin." He clenched his hands into fists. "You're doing this because you are afraid of me." So caught up in his argument Hadrian didn't notice how people were backing away, first years were running up the staircase to their rooms. "Isn't that cute. You're making yourself more important than you are. You're a plaything, nothing more." Tom had stood up, and was advancing towards Hadrian. "Why-" "But you are." Hadrian cut Tom off, and stared straight in his eyes. They stood across from each other, face to face. "In fact, I think that you never intended to murder that girl." Everyone flinched. "You didn't have control. It was an accident. You are not the boss. You can't control everything-" And Tom took a step closer. For a second Hadrian thought the boy was going to punch him. Instead, the boy said parseltongue… " get him. Hurt him. Tear him apart, I don't care." "You really are off your rocker-" The snakes came off the walls and slithered towards him. They were everywhere. Hadrian just held those eyes with his glare. It was absolutely silent in the common room. Then, Tom hissed, Stop. His palid face held no expression. "Go away." Tom said. In English, this time. The snakes stopped, in the middle of their attack. And then for the first time, Hadrian blanched. "Was it really a-" "I said," Tom growled. "Get out." Hadrian didn't need to be told twice. Hadrian had a Headmaster to face. Though Dippet was all for throwing him out, Hadrian managed to convince Dumbledore to allow him to prove that he couldn't speak parseltongue. Of course, he could not speak it no matter how hard he tried, he could only understand. Thinking quickly, Hadrian had taken the time to frame a half-giant named Hagrid. The boy was a danger—always keeping ridiculously dangerous animals as pets. Just last week, he had almost killed Lavatia Black and Rosmera Goode. They caught him with a Great Spider as a pet, and that was all the evidence they needed. Hadrian doubted the boy could graduate anyways, with that ineptitude with magic. When everything was sorted to the best of his ability, Harry headed down towards the dungeons. When he returned to the common room late, there was just Tom sitting by the fireplace. "I'm not expelled." Hadrian said. They were always at each other, but it was times like this when Tom was still and pensive that something else came out. Something more open. "I know." The boy hadn't moved, looking into the fire. Hadrian took a seat beside the boy. "Hagrid has been expelled." "I know." The boy repeated. "You're throne in Slytherin is safe." "Of course." The boy said, still not moving. "No thanks to you." But there was no bite to those words. Hadrian just sat there. And waited. "I always knew I was special." This was said so matter-of-fact, so lonely, that Harry forgot to retort. "I'm Salzar Slytherin's heir. I had to find the chamber." "Right." "I did find the chamber. It was... magnificent. As good as they say in the legends. The design, the concept, the magic. And it was all true. He designed it for protection of the school." "But?" "She...it was so old." Tom said in a whisper. "I thought it was wise. It wished to move about. It said how it was cooped up for over eight hundred years! I presumed it would listen- but the moment I stepped out, there was a stupid girl in the washroom. And I'm sure it sensed the girl but didn't tell me. It opened its eyes. And the girl died before I could blast her away." Hadrian absorbed that in silence. "I would have killed her myself. To keep my secret." Tom said. He was looking at Hadrian as he said this. Hadrian paused, knowing what he chose to say next would either break their trust, or go into something more. "Someday, you won't have to keep it a secret." Harry offered. Tom looked at him. And gave a smile. It was tiny, he wasn't even sure if Tom was aware that he was smiling. But it made Harry feel calm. It faded after a second. He looked back into the fire. Hadrian yawned, he had a long day and wanted nothing more than to sleep. "Hang on, darling ." A long arm snaked around his waist before he could stand up properly. "You haven't told me how you not only removed suspicion from yourself, but arranged a beautiful scapegoat to take the blame." "I'm asleep." Harry slurred his words together. Harry tried to fight the grip but his strength was lost as his tiredness overtook him. Well if he couldn't break the grip, Harry leaned into it and put his head on Tom's shoulder. He felt the boy's surprise as the moment his head touched the soft dip in his neck that comfortably fit his head. He grinned at the boy's discomfort. Some small payback for the discomfort that his pet names had caused him these years... and immediately fell asleep. ~*~ Dark Rituals ~*~ Hadrian woke up well rested. His bones felt like liquid and the tension he had been holding inside him for ages felt like it had finally let go. He felt rather at peace. His fingers moved of their own accord, feeling the cloth under his covers for the necromancy protection rune. Every morning, while he waited for his brain to wake up, he liked to lightly trace the embroidered rune. But this morning, he felt nothing. His eyes snapped open. He had slept as usual with his head under his blankets. But the problem was, they weren't his. He could hear whispers. "We should wait-" "If he is-" "Tom never sleeps in." "Tom is clearly under those covers." "Do you think it's true-" The meaning behind those whispers were not apparent to him at first. But then it hit him as Hadrian realized two things. One, his privacy charms weren't up. Two, his curtains were open. And so, three he wasn't in his own bed. But he was in the Slytherin dorm room. Which only meant one thing… He should not have fallen asleep on a Tom. What was he thinking? They were enemies. Tom's willingness to get him expelled and banned from magic for life should have made that fairly evident. But last night had also felt real, somehow. He turned in the bed and the whispers hushed. "Tom?" Someone asked. There was nothing for it. Gathering his courage, Hadrian sat up. The entire fifth year boys dorm was standing at the foot of his bed, looking at him. He looked to the left. Yep, he was in the last bed. Tom's bed. Lestrange gaped at him. There were a couple of lewd looks. Oh for goodness sake… "Tom took my bed, so it only made sense for me to take his." He tried to put a smug look on his face. No one seemed to buy it. "Why would Tom sleep in your bed?" Rosier asked. "Then what is your interpretation? That Tom's a faggot?" Hadrian glared. Maybe he wasn't as rested as he thought. "You dare-" began Lestrange. "Speak of him like you probably speak of me? Sure. He's probably at breakfast already. You've all missed him." He got death glares all around. But the fear of upsetting Tom was too much and then all walked upstairs. "You better watch your back, Evans." Lestrange hissed before slamming the door behind him. When the door closed behind them, Hadrian deflated onto the bed. So this was Tom's revenge for falling asleep on his yesterday. He knew there would be consequences, but he didn't think the boy would be that… cruel. That could have gone really wrong. They might think he was sleeping with Tom. He did not even like guys. Did he? He didn't even like people. Damn Tom. He rubbed his temples. He hoped nothing spiritual happened yesterday as he slept without his usual protections. Would something have managed to sneak into his frequency and mess with his protective glyphs? He would have to rip them all down and do them again. There were no shortcuts in necromancy if you didn't want to lose your mind. Hadrian felt well, so he probably hadn't had his life force sucked out of him last night by an evil spirit, but you could never be sure. Granted, Tom's bed was not the worst place