Magic perhaps Addendum: 2/8/17: At the start of chapter 21 is an important note, but for the sake of convenience I will be adding here a note that this story is probably going to be rewritten if I find the time. The long hiatus between the posting of 20 and the update last week were a result of a computer failure. That [hard drive failure] effectively wiped out my notes on the story save possibly for some pen and paper scraps, but ultimately side tracked the story. You are welcome to read the original version of the story posted here through 1-20 and read the new chapter, but I can't say when an update will occur. If you like this original version, you may wish to download a copy of it, as whenever a rewrite is put up it might replace this. (All other material is unchanged from the original draft of the chapter) Chapter 1 Magic perhaps Helltanz's notes: more or less a straight HP fic, borrowed fantasy magic and some common clothes tropes though, among other things I'll enjoy tossing clichés here and there. Technology 'techomagic' what not whatever will probably reach steampunk levels to an extent, if for no other reason than to have magical airships. Of course that won't be until fifth year probably. So here is my latest fic enjoy. Disclaimer: come on you should know the drill by now Chapter begin Pain had for the first years had been his friend something he had been so intimately familiar with one could say they had been lovers of sorts, or at least a woman who always make sure to come to visit him. He'd always be fixed by the morning something that had always seemed to anger his relatives. That had stopped when he had been seven. More because it had no choice, the abuse had come to a grinding halt. After that his closest companion was hate and contempt. Those two feelings were now nearly always coursing through his veins. Now all he held for other people was at best a cold disdain for other people. It was an attitude reflected in his grades and his clothing, and obviously in his mannerisms. The boy's name was Harry Potter age ten year 6 class 2 of the local junior level school. Frankly he didn't have friends, and if not for the fact none of the local bullies wouldn't go near him most people would have expected for the pale, smart, for his grade anyway, skinny, dark clad and bespectacled kid to be bullied. Not the case in the slightest. Harry Potter pretty much would have screamed goth or at least some kind of emo freak, with the far to many belts, long flowing coat, complete lack of anything brighter than crimson red with the sole exception of his white gloves, which frankly he never seemed to take off, in fact no one had ever seen him take them off… ever. Right now the kid was in the process of staring at the sky, spiders if any one took the care to notice them positioned in any of the directions one could approach. Definitely not an understatement to say the kid was odd. At the present moment he was using one of his gloved fists to shield him from the harsh glaring light of the summer sun as he lay on top of the roof. Well to be quite specific he was trying to finish the Weird of the White Wolf, he doubted he would manage it before class resumed and that overly cheery bitch Jennifer probably try and discourage him from reading, pretentious smiling whore. He thought furiously remembering the last time he had retaliated for her taking one of his books, it had been just a couple spiders and the stupid woman had screamed so loud, hence why he now preferred to sit in the back of the class. Vernon had before that day, what was now referred to as the Incident if it had to be mentioned at all in the Dursley household, had along with Petunia always drilled into his head, and Dudley's that magic didn't exist. Of course the incident had changed all that magic was a power, which could be used to mutate, to change reality. The Incident had been merely a realization a strange sensation wanting to stop the pain to show others the pain he felt to make them suffer. Clearly since Vernon had lied about magic since there was if it could be called logical in the first place, that was the only explanation. Magic perhaps was real, and if it was not really called magic then it was some other weird power it didn't particularly matter. In the past four years he had discovered the power operated through force of will more or less in a fantasy method, actually that seemed because that was were most of his ideas had come from. Whatever the case was magic responded to thoughts and required energy proportional to the change being committed. Of course it was about this time the screaming started, normally this meant that one of the kids had found a bee or something of that nature, and thus Harry didn't care in the slightest about whatever it was. Thus the young boy continued to read until one of his spiders reported to him, or rather as it was actually an observer spider reported to the large spider who in turn reported to the young wizard himself that there were masked black coats throwing beams of light across the play ground. Actually it was more the fact one of the black coats had stumbled onto the roof that he decided to get involved. Five magic missiles impacted the man's chest and sent him careening off the roof, "Well that was easy, stupid mooks." He grunted. Due to the fact he was still more or less in the process of figuring out exactly how to do what in regards to magic Harry's experiences were primarily academic, if one could call chucking fireballs at things academic, in nature nonetheless he'd always wanted to lead an evil style army into battle, hence why he had been working so hard on trying to recreate the Ringwraiths. So far that hadn't been met with much success, especially since according to Tolkien the original Black Riders were powerful undead humans. This of course really put a damper for such ideas of armies. A feeling of cold spread down his back and across his arms and up his neck wrapping around his cheeks, Harry considered his options. Larger magical attacks would require him to more or less remain stationary, and he did not have enough spiders at the school to do much damage. Spiders were his most basic minion, one could call them, unfortunately most of the creepy crawlies were rather unsuited for combat, that of course was something common sense told him given the fact the mainstay of the arachnids were simply magically empowered spiders making them suitable for spying. There was a sickening crack and one of the dark robes went flying through the air, oh that was right before Petunia had thrown a hissyfit he had been working on bringing his tub of lard cousin's magic out. He was actually surprised it had been a successful as it was but the fact of the matter was Dudley, and Petunia were the only ones who had the magic circuits, saying pathways just sounded dumb. Still they were in point of fact out numbered, even if it was just magic mooks, damn it he needed more combat spiders, or trap spiders more combat spiders was the better idea of course, but additional trap spiders wouldn't hurt. Frankly most of his spells were untested at best, and completely theoretical at worst, of course it was also true he had a handful of highly developed spells that he had already mastered in their entirety to the point of just a thought, teleportation came to mind immediately in that regard, but those were extremely few. Harry studiously observed both with his own eyes and through his spider minions the black cloaks. It appeared that he had the advantage in range since even his close range spells had a range of twenty five feet to say nothing of his magic missiles which were more than four times that. "I need more goblins," He groaned, well to be frank I really need more minions in general, and magic user minions, the wizard thought as he observed the area. To state the obvious he didn't really care what happened to his so called classmates it just really didn't matter to him. Still he hadn't expected Dudley to be able to use the seals so effectively this merited perhaps further study. By so effectively he meant that it appeared to him that his tub of lard cousin was using the magical circuits at a much higher level of efficiency that he ever had been before. It was interesting but likely something he'd loose interest in after a few weeks. Besides at the moment the black cloak mooks were the problem, and besides that he had deemed the project with Dudley a waste of time, he needed more minions not for him to be distracted by some project. So once again reviewing his arsenal of magical spells that he could use effectively, that included teleportation, over all he might be able to snipe them from the rooftops of the school but that was iffy about how effective it would be. More because he was at the moment unsure of exactly what defenses these mooks could be able to use, not much he would wager, but he didn't intend to go this route without first weighing his other options. Albeit said options were more or less non existent given his present repertoire. Yes with out his staff engaging the mooks physically was out of the question he was simply to small, while he might be able to surprise them with boost to his physical abilities it was simply out of the question. By staff what was meant was a large iron pole on which he had basically infused magic into, this, the infusing of magic, had been what caused the tribal like design patterns to manifest. With out the tool his melee abilities with the exception of using magic to boost strength and speed and using teleport were exactly what one could expect from some one his age. Harry raised his hand and focused, gesturing from his place atop the roof towards the mass of dark cloak mooks. Black Tentacles, a mass of them, formed into existence feeling along the ground reaching and grappling with the startled mooks. The tentacles began to seize everything within the a twenty foot radius of where they had burst out of the ground. A few of the magical mooks caught in the mass of inky black tentacles attempted to struggle and fire spells at the tentacles but it was for naught. Reaching inside he prepared to cast the next spells two glowing beads emerged from his fingers, he had at max five minutes until they exploded on his own hopefully that would be enough time. Dudley socked another of the mooks sending him careening away and into the swing set with a wet thud. The tub of lard's magical circuits had been artificially enlarged allowing him to generate waves of concussive energy from his fists and mouth, or if he bothered with his feet. Harry teleported his arrival causing a cloud of sand to rise at his feet as he appeared on the playground. "Its Potter!" Exclaimed one of the dark cloak mooks, "For the dark lord!" The mook declared with a flourish of his wand. The mook shouldn't have take his eyes off the young wizard to look at his fellow dark cloaks, Harry flicked his wrist unleashing a bolt of acid which ate away