I hopped down from the tree where I was perched on precariously and landed on silent feet. Of course I did. My small stature made it possible and years of my father's training helped a lot. The trainings were for precautionary purposes, in case I got reaped. I am sixteen years old with twenty slips in the reaping bowl. Twenty of them- not a lot compared to a few hundred in total, but still scary. I made my way carefully to the square, avoiding the glares of other people. I was unpopular, or rather, loathed by most since I've got training and came from the respectable house of Oak. My family was once prosperous, one of the best in our District, but due to my grandfather's addiction to gambling, we hit rock bottom, in terms of money and reputation. I hated attention, ever since I got spat on by my classmates back when I was seven years old. Thus, I dressed in a grey dress with a cardigan. They said that District Seven was once a Career District, but because of some… reasons, we were one of the outer districts again. Shaking my head, I got my blood sample taken and I ran to my age sector. I had no friends, only enemies, so even if I get reaped, I won't feel sad. My father trained me hard, whipping me with his belt when I could not perform a move and slapping me. He also gave me food and shelter, and cared for me, in a way. My sister was a different matter. She believed in hugging and comforting words and is really pretty at age eighteen. We looked very different, and she had no training at all, unlike me. My mother… ran off with a Peacekeeper, the ex Head Peacekeeper. She was the most beautiful woman in our District, I was told by my father in between lashes. A cool wind blew as our district escort, Kerry Beau, stepped on the stage. I tuned out during her speech and the old thing they played every single bloody year during the reaping. Time flew faster, but I wish it would be over and done with sooner. I could not stand another minute of this. "Now, it's time for the most interesting part of today!" Kerry warbled, wobbling as she walked to the reaping bowls. Her heels were ridiculously high and her dress was really short and tight. She plunged her hand into the bowl and picked out a slip. Her shrill voice called out almost gleefully, "Avery Oak! Averrrrrry! Honey, lucky you!" My eyes widened in horror as I fell backwards. Voices hissed in my direction, taunting me. I righted myself and ran. I ran from the crowd as a plan formulated in my mind. I would pull a Johanna Mason. I will act like a wussy little girl wanting to go home, I will act like I'm terrified, I will make myself forgettable, I will make myself seem useless. I will not get any sponsors at first, but gifts will flow in when they see my skills, when the pool is down to eight tributes, when I personally kill my opponents, when I become vicious. I can throw a knife decently and also an axe, when I reach the Cornucopia, I will- My thoughts were interrupted as I was caught by one of the Peacekeepers. I pretended to fall down and bit my inner cheek to make my tears flow from my eyes. I covered my face to hide the lack of tears on my face, since my running away demands more tears. I acted hysterical, tearing away at the Peacekeepers. I screamed for my family, for help, but I knew that no one would, and that my plan is all good, for now. Kerry gave me a comforting smile and drew out a slip from the male reaping bowl. "Chad Yew! Come on up, young man!" Chad Yew was the male tribute, and he was in the same year as me in school. He is tall, athletic, charming and handsome. He'll be someone I need to be afraid of. But I am unafraid of him. Why should I? I have training, he doesn't! We shook hands and were hustled to the Justice Building, with Kerry speaking loudly. No one will visit me there. Not even my sister. I might as well think up a plan to win. Yes, to win. I will win the Games. I will, and I must. I will show them who I am. Avery Oak is not to be trifled with, even though she hardly retaliates when you pelt her with dirt. And by saying that, I suppose it's also right for me to say that… The Games have begun. Reaping End Once the footsteps ceased, I immediately stopped my sniffing. I dug my nails into my palms, though, and made my eyes flood with tears. Who knows if they have hidden cameras here, in this room? And… what if I die? If I die, my sister will still get on with life, with some mourning. My father might even feel frustrated that his training had gone to waste; the second child of his wife who deserted him was worthless. What did he think when I ran away? Did he know that it was an act? Or did he truly believe that I am a weakling, a nobody? I'm guessing the latter. Come to think of it, the things he did for me: making me eat second helpings of food, bringing me to the lumberyard to work with axes, letting me stay home from the ever boring school… All are for my training. He always shouted this to me when I am on the verge of giving up (fatal mistake) or I could not succeed (bad, bad mistake), "You are born to bring PRIDE and HONOUR to the ancient name of the Oaks!" I always believed in that. I believed that I am brought into this world, brought into existence because I needed to prove that the Oaks are formidable. I always believed that I am superior to my sister, even though she is older than me. I thought that my father would not want to hurt my sister's pretty face, and wanted to leave a piece of my mother behind, as my sister looked like my mother. I had my father's bushy eyebrows and ice blue eyes which are uncommon in our district. My mouth was not rosebud like my mother's, it was… medium in size. My nose was small inelegant, and my aura is like one of a withdrawn child, which, perhaps, I was all along. I have been trying to rid my mind of the thoughts of home, but it is very hard for me to actually call my sister by her name. I don't know why. I've always called her 'sis' at home. Her name was lovely, but common. She was called Maple, named after… you know… trees. The only thing that is abundant in our district. Aside from Peacekeepers and cruelty, I suppose. My mind drifted from my pathetic life and home and I began to think of what my father would be doing right now. He could not occupy his time with training me. He is most probably at home drumming his fingers and wondering about whether I will bring pride and honour to the Oaks. Like as if we had any to speak of in the first place. And that's another reason why I'm so unpopular around our district. My tongue is too sharp. I heard footsteps approaching the room and I looked around wildly. It was only then that I saw the beauty of the place I was in. The beauty that no house had, unless you count the Victors' Village. The doors burst open and Kerry was striding towards me, arms wide open, and cooing. I dragged my wrist across my eyes, which felt hot and swollen, thankfully. I gave some loud hiccoughs and leant into Kerry's embrace, gripping her tightly. I generally did not like anyone to touch me, and I hated hugs from anyone except my sister. I mean, Maple. I need to stop calling her 'my sister', I will now think of her as a stranger whom I know by name. A stranger named Maple. Kerry gave me a pat on the head and kissed my cheeks, and then pulled me to my feet and murmured, "Dear, you need to stop crying! You've been crying for the whole time, honey." "H…How do you know, Kerry?" I sniffled a little. "I… I uh, guessed. You eyes, honey, your eyes are RED. And erm, my guesses are, erm, accurate… you know?" I knew it. There was a camera in the room. "How would we put make- up on you? You're short and ugh, not attractive at all, honey." her voice was starting to annoy me. "And dear, Alicia, you must not cry, let people see that you are strong! If you keep crying, there'll be no sponsors for you! And you don't want anyone to call you a baby, do you, honey? You are sixteen…" She went on and on as we hopped on a black car with Chad, Blight and Johanna to the station. "Just so you know, the fashion now is the colours red and yellow! Of course red is the favourite, you know, since that's the colour of bloodshed and all. How fitting, don't you think? Well in my opinion…" she went on in some talk about her wardrobe and stuff. I tuned out and turned my attention to the sights around us. When we stepped off the car, Kerry was still blabbering about some nonsense that I had zero interest in. The only time she shut up was when we needed to pose in front of the train. I made tears flow down my face again and I held on to Kerry. The cameras went clicking on and on and I could hear some of the photographers' comments. "Weak, this one." "Bloodbath…" "No chance, the other's good though…" My act was convincing, very convincing. A glint made its way into my eyes and I hastily lowered my head. Once we boarded the fancy tribute train, Kerry started talking, this time about me. "Give her a break, Ker, we all need one. Let's just have some food now…" Johanna interrupted. Blight appeared behind her and gave a low chuckle. Chad was already with sticking to him. Typical. He wants to get some head start, but he won't last long… not with ME, anyway. I hope he doesn't know that I had training, or things are going to screw up BIG time. Chad turned to me, his brown eyes unreadable. I met his eyes then lowered my head, trying my best to look abashed. I was gently led to a seat by Kerry, who seemed to want to stay close with me. I gave a tiny smile and thanked Kerry, all the while cursing the Capitol and President Snow in my mind. Johanna wore a look of contempt and plopped down on a chair, while Blight looked emotionless. Chad grabbed a seat right next to Blight and started talking about strategy to him. I felt cold anger take over my body. Blight will be manipulated by Chad and help will be given to him. My eyes flashed with disgust and thank goodness that was the time everyone was looking away from me, or I'll have a lot to explain. Four young people clad in red swooped to our table and started serving dishes, all the while silent and with their heads bowed. The first dish was brewed pumpkin soup and I did not like the taste of the pumpkin- the sweet taste disturbed me for some reason. The waiters cleared our bowls and then came back with plates of fragrant potatoes. One of the waiters put slices of potato on my plate,