Percy woke up groggily to the hushed whispers of two very familiar voices he hadn't heard in a long time. In fact it'd been so long it almost sounded like one of the voices was... higher pitched? He closed his eyes and waited for the after sleep confusion to pass, the gods knew he wasn't a morning person. He could barely count how many people he'd almost decapitated because they'd woken him up from one of his more... unpleasant nightmares. "You're not supposed to even know about that, and why do you think this boy has something to do with it?" A voice most definitely male and really familiar said. "I can just feel it in my bones. You seriously can't tell me you don't feel it too?" Percy tried to listen some more into the conversation but his body seemed to not want to respond to his commands and he felt his eyelids drooping, he hadn't felt like this in a long time after years of running he didn't really need to sleep that much and his body got used to that, now that he thought of it something about his body felt different it was familiar yet different. He didn't get to think any much more on what it was as he drifted into a rather peaceful sleep. "Perce, wake up bro. You've been sleeping too long man." Percy woke up to the unmistakable sound of Grover's voice. "Why do you soun-" Percy froze, was that sound coming from him. The undeniable sound of a pre-pubescent child. He looked up at Grover and standing in front of him was not the man who he had become. The man who had discarded his reed pipes and instead learned to wield a sword and many other very lethal weapons to aid Percy when he had hit rock bottom. No, standing there was a shadow of the man he was yet to be, standing in front of him was Grover the scared of his own shadow kid. "What's wrong Perce?" younger Grover asked. Percy wanted to reply, but his thoughts were rapidly coming up with conclusions that would help him figure out how he had ended up where he was now. He slowly raised his arms, what he had long grown used to were the scarred but sturdy hands of his older self, but what he ended up seeing were the weak flimsy hands of his pre-teen self. Before he panicked and ended up hurting himself or others, Percy quickly, but swiftly moved himself into a meditative position ignoring Grover's questioning gaze. He retreated into his mind to a place he had found out about during his travels, it was what he dubbed his 'mindscape', the manifestation of his mind. He looked around at the serene place that was his mind it had changed wonderfully since he had first set foot in here. It used to be a place that had books, toys, and the whole lot of things scattered around. All things that held any significance to him. It had taken him years to make the place right. He first learned that the things in here held memories of past experience and when touched would automatically send him into a relapse of the memory. After he had found out how to not get suckered into the memory when he touched anything he had to figure out a way to sort them. Every object was so different it was hard to sort them. Then he learned a neat trick, he could change any object he wanted into something easier to sort. So he made a library. First he constructed his most insignificant memory into the building. After all if the place was raided he didn't want to be found out and have his memories viewed by anybody. So he set out making a library. All the books had titles to them the more important memories though we're not held in the library shelves they were hidden beneath the floors of the library. This place had proved to be a boon to Percy because when he reviewed a memory it seemed even the things he didn't see were included he guessed it had something to do with his godly side. So whenever he had a fight he could watch it over from a third person's perspective. After a while the place became self-sorting and it grew. It became more than just a little library with Percy's memories it became a world. Everything began sorting even better than what Percy had originally. Instead of his fights being in a book inside of the library they were in an arena where Percy could fight the same enemies again. It wasn't accurate with the fighting styles since he didn't know all they're moves, but it guessed how the person would fight if ever there was a rematch. It had saved Percy's life many times over. Looking around the place, it was beautiful. From the little lake where he had built his arena inside. To the serene pond that Japanese like style to it. This was Percy's special place. Getting a hold of himself, Percy went back to doing what he came here for. "Old man!?" Percy yelled. "Are you here!?" "Quit your yapping, I was just taking a nap." Then walking out of a little cottage he had placed off to the side appeared a middle-aged man with white hair, he was built like a gymnast, strong yet agile. "And why do you chose to use that abhorrent nickname you've dubbed onto myself" the old man questioned though already knowing the answer. "Well like I've said the last hundred times, I can't call you gramps. That's Kronos. Can't call you great gramps either. That's Ouranus, and calling you great-great gramps is just annoying so I'll settle with old man!" Percy said smiling. "Whatever, anyways, I know why your here and I'll explain some things. Hmm where should I start? OK I got it. It's all your fault get on with your life." The old man said already turning around to leave. "How does that explain anything?" Percy asked. "Hmm, oh yeah, well you have a brain use it and come up with the conclusion yourself." The man said. "Well, I remember an explosion then ending up here. So it probably had something to do with the explosion. Umm then there's the fact that the explosion didn't come from somewhere outside it almost seemed like I exploded. Coupled with the fact that you said it was all my fault I guess I did explode, but that doesn't explain the reason I ended up here." Percy replied trying to figure things out. "OK that was a reasonable enough deduction from the information you had. Hell a lot better than 'I don't know' you always gave me. Made me think you were stupid or something. "The man said laughing. "Hey it wasn't my fault I was so goofy when I first came here. Besides, why was it that I got so much smarter after I got here, does that apply to everyone?" Percy asked curiously. "Don't be stupid boy, you didn't get smarter. You were always smart this just help clear your mind this is how all minds are supposed to be, you were just a special case. Your brain was thinking too fast too even categorize everything that's why you had to come here and manual do it yourself. You're actually way above average in intelligence, as much as I hate to say it your nearly- no you are a genius. You just don't put that brain of yours to use much." The man said. It made Percy happy hearing that from him after years of only hearing berating this was a nice change. He wasn't going to let this chance slide though. "Hmm I didn't quite here your second last statement, would you mind repeating it." Percy feigned innocence. This was probably the only time the man would ever compliment him he wouldn't let it go to waste. "Quit your idiocy!" The man said pulling out a stick from nowhere and swinging it at Percy, who had seen it coming and was already some distance away. "OK I won't talk but you should expect that memory to be the commercial for the movies you watch for the next couple of weeks." Percy said happily. "Whatever boy. Now let's discuss the reason you're really here. OK so you're right about you blowing up but you don't know why you blew up or the reason you ended up where you are. Well you blew up because you were harnessing too much energy for a long period of time which your mortal body could not handle." The man paused expecting questions from Percy. Sure enough Percy was already asking the question. "But don't I always have that much power in me?" Percy asked confused. "You're correct, sort of. You do always have that power in you but it's usually dormant. When you used it all at once it blew your body up and sent you into the past." He knew there'd be no questions with that particular subject. Percy knew the consequences of energy being released too much too quickly. He was lucky he didn't immediately die. Which is what would have happened if he wasn't there. "OK I get it. So how exactly do we keep this from happening again?" Percy asked. "Hmm that well just channel excess energy into your sword, isn't that what it was made for? When that becomes too much you channel the rest into the ocean. It would probably help with-" the man was cut off by Percy. "Wait hold on, explain first how that would help wouldn't it just be a waste?" Percy asked. "Well no it wouldn't. Channeling energy into your element helps with your control over it. It's like charging a battery. The gods do it all the time. After all how do you think they stop rebellions although most of them have stopped, they're getting rather arrogant into they're abilities. I believe Poseidon and Hades are the only ones that still do. Poseidon because any slip up from himself could cause Oceanus to win in a war although I think he's being overly cautious even if he stopped for centuries Oceanus would have no chance." He was cut off again. "Why are you so sure about that?" Percy questioned. "Well it's because of the way they channel they're power into the ocean. Poseidon spreads it all over the whole ocean while Oceanus does it into a little part of it. Yet they're power concentrations are the same. Oceanus should be way more since he has a smaller part. It's just because Poseidon is that much stronger. "The man said ready for another question. "But why did Oceanus did almost win that last war?" Percy asked. "Well that's also your fault. Poseidon performed a ritual that would cause you to be protected. He made a mistake and accidentally called me into you, which is why I'm stuck inside you until I die since I have to protect you. Even that wouldn't have taken so much power from him but it's because I was sealed by my children so he had to break the seal made by primordial beings so that sapped him. That coupled with the fact that Oceanus attacked with a lot of the minor power hungry sea gods really messed him up." The man replied. "Why does Hades still do the power thing then?" Percy asked. "Hmm well Hades' realm is a special case. He's doing the same thing Oceanus is doing except he doing while acquiring more of the Underworld. He would have finished by now but managing the dead is a really tricky job. Not to mention he had to be the judge of the dead for a bit before he managed to get others to. "The man said. That made sense to Percy he had