Hello! And welcome to my new story - The Sand and the Sea: Finnick and Annie, a story about Annie's experience in the 70th Hunger Games, and how the two become a couple. Summary: When Annie Cresta from District 4 is chosen to be the female tribute in the 70th Hunger Games, she must learn to trust Finnick Odair, the handsome young Victor of the 65th Hunger Games. But as she learns that he is not all of what he seems, she begins to develop feelings for the man. But will he return the feelings, and will Annie be strong enough to win the Hunger Games? Find out, in the most heart-warming love story in Panem. And here is where it starts! I'll try and update when I can, but the chapters do take a while to write, so please don't expect me to update everyday! Well I hope you enjoy it, and please review, it means everything! Thank you x The salty smell of the turquoise sea lifts me into my own world, and I am suddenly indulged in my little world of peace, the one where nobody else is allowed to come in. I don't allow anyone to join me, because I'm afraid they will destroy it. In times like now, nobody can really trust one another. If one promises someone they will volunteer for them at a reaping, usually it doesn't happen. The only person I can trust is my older brother and younger sister. I told Ellery I would volunteer for her, but by her reaction and her loud personality, I figure she would be distraught if I volunteer for her, as well as being ashamed. Ellery and Kaison are nothing like me, they're like my father. I'm like my mother, who's calm nature makes her easy to be around. Father is completely different. I mean, we still get along like father and daughter, but it is quite evident that he is closer to my siblings. It's understandable, and the system works well. We've never fought, my family, we're as close as the pieces of string that my parents use for the fishing nets. That's what they do, make fishing nets. We not exceedingly rich, but it gets along enough that we can afford a few luxuries. Today is the day before the reaping, that time of the year where people are drawn silent, rather than the bubbly laughter that fills every other time of the year. Just the thought that you could be thrown into the arena makes every child shut their mouths. Parents can be even worse. I once heard about one mother who refused to leave the house for a week because she was simply scared that her youngest son could be reaped. Chances were slim, but there was still a slip on paper in that bowl with the son's name on it. He wasn't reaped, but the mother was still scared. The sea begins to lap onto the tips of my toes, and I am forced to move. It is the evening, but the Sunset still blasts beautiful pink rays onto my face. I savour the last moment on the beach by stretching my arms out and soaking the warmth. It could be my last time. I take the long route home because of two reasons. One, I frankly prefer the open air, but also because I don't want my peaceful world to close on me. Taking the long route brings me to the centre of town, where the Justice building is. I hurriedly run past the tall central building. I don't want to run into any Peacekeepers. Even at sixteen, they still scare me. I hopelessly wander down the street connecting, not paying attention to anyone around me, until I spot him. He's standing a good few shops down the road, but his presence puts a sudden halt on my limbs. I don't want to pass him, I find it slightly awkward. I know I'll have too, though, because it's the only way. As I step out of the shadow cast by a tall shop, I once again see the true value of him. His hair and tanned skin strikes me with beauty, but his sea-green eyes make him not only appear handsome, but something of a God. Of course, he is here. He's always where I don't want him to be. We've made eye contact a couple of times, but that rarely happens. More often than not. I'll pass and then some ugly teenager will stumble past me, with the hope of getting to talk to the famous Victor. Of course, this is Finnick Odair. I walk oddly past, keeping to the edge of the paved stone path as much as possible, and he doesn't notice me. I almost run back the rest of the way, but I know that if I run, I will no longer be able to be in my world. I close my eyes, knowing that I will not bump into anything from now on, because I know the exact number of steps and movements to make. This world has many colours in it, but only because I tell it to do so. All the colours, except red, because it reminds me too much of blood. Mostly full of Sunset pinks, because they are my favourite colours. There are many different shades, and for the same shade to return at night it quite rare. I don't know exactly why, or how he even got past me, but I as I turn the last corner to my street, I walk straight into the man himself. He's quite something for just nineteen, even more so considering he won his games as the mere age of fourteen. Yet I still bumped into him, and I immediately fall backwards, grazing the palm of my hand of the few stones. Laughter comes from him, and my cheeks flood with red. The amount of embarrassment I feel can't even be described with words, but I slowly bring myself to standing once more. I look up a little to stare in his eyes, the dim sunlight making them shine even more than they really do. "And that's what you get for walking with your eyes closed," he says, still chortling with laughter. "Yes, but I've calculated the exact number of paces I need to take. My brain just didn't work out what to do when Finnick Odair stood directly in my path," I mumble, but still loud enough for him to hear. His expression becomes quizzical, and if he finds me strange, which he probably does. "Well I deeply apologise for getting in your way," he begins sarcastically, before continuing in a very serious tone, "and I admire your intelligence of working out how to get home with your eyes shut." So he's either doubting my intelligence or he thinks my brain works beyond any normal person. As I'm not entirely sure which and don't want to make this situation any more awkward than it already is, I begin to walk away. He has other plans, however, and calls me back. I don't walk the way I just came, but I do turn around. I regret it now, because it means I have to continue this conversation with him, when all I really want to do is get back home. "What did you say your name was?" "I didn't," I reply firmly. Surely he has enough intelligence to remember that? "Then what is your name?" "Annie," I say before can stop myself, "Annie Cresta." As I walk away, I argue with myself as to whether that was really a good idea, to tell Finnick Odair my name. I can't argue with the past, though, so my thoughts silence and I tap on the door. I can't even bring myself to glance back to see if he's still there, maybe even watching me. Now that would be scary. Kaison opens the door. He's really tall for twenty-two. "Hey little sis," he slyly says, and I slap him in return. I might be his little sister, but I'm certainly not his youngest. That status belongs to Ellery, who appears in the doorway to the kitchen. "Mom's going to throw a fit when she sees you! She's been worried about you for ages!" I roll my eyes. It's just like her to worry. I push past Ellery, and sure enough, my mother is there with stern eyes. "Where have you been? Supper was over an hour ago!" I am suddenly overwhelmed with confusion. It's still light outside, and we usually eat later. The clock confirms that I wouldn't be late any other day, just today for some reason. "Why would you eat at five thirty?" I ask my mother back, demanding an explanation. "Darling, we always eat early on the evening before the reaping!" That rings a bell. It's true, we do. Somewhere in my trail of thoughts, I'd forgotten that. "I'm sorry, I forgot. I was on the beach then walked home the long way round," I explain. I've never been good at lying, so I always end up telling the truth. However, since my mother and I are so close, she always has a soft spot for me, even tonight, when she is the most stressed. She places a bowl of hot fish soup on the table in front of me, and I steadily eat in, blowing each spoonful until it is cool enough to swallow whole. Although I'm the only one eating, Kaison and Ellery stay while my mother cleans the kitchen. I assume my father must be upset finishing some net. "Why did you walk the long way home?" Kaison asks unexpectedly. I reply with ease, since I trust him enough to withhold the information, along with everyone else in the room. "Why not? I didn't realise we had supper early and I was in my world." My family know about my world, but I never allow them in, and they've never tried except for Ellery once. She was only ten then, and was going through that 'let's-try-something-new' phase. It wasn't a particularly long conversation, but long enough for the information to kick Ellery in the face, that she would never be able to come into my world. For some reason, I carry on with my story. "Bit of a drag though, since I was interrupted twice by Finnick." "Finnick Odair?" my mother questions, a complete surprise for her no doubt. "Yeah," I whisper in reply. "How?" Ellery asks, her curiosity getting the better of her. "The first time he caught my eye and distracted me. The second, I walked straight into him." "You walked straight into Finnick Odair?" Kaison asks. He obviously can not believe what he is hearing, and is also on the verge of bursting into fits of giggles. "Hmm," I sigh as a yes. "I wasn't looking where I was going and smack! The next thing I know, I'm on the floor." "Oh Annie!" my mother exclaims, almost as if she is ashamed of me. "I'm sorry. I thought I knew the way home, and then, just as I make it round the last corner, he was in my path." "The last corner?" Kaison asks, leaning forward slightly. I gently nod my head, furrowing my eyebrows with confusion as to why he was asking this. "Finnick Odair was on our street?" He repeats. Now the reality dawns on me as he says it. What was Finnick doing on our street? I try to think back to what he was doing. He was just by the house on the opposite side of the street, three houses down. He was looking down at me as he laughed, but what angle were his feet in. I rack my brain for any small glimpse, until I remember the moment I was brushing my hair back with my fingertips, and I made a small glance down at my feet, and I caught the