Its' been awhile since I've written any sort of fanfiction.Nothing like a angsty, dramatic one-shot to get back in the game, right? Right. Well I hope you enjoy. If the mood should strike please review or flame. Minor slash. Disclaimer: I own not but the plot! Legolas pulled the string of his bow back and a half a second later let it go of the tension and the slender arrow went flying, hitting the orc in the heart. The vile creature fell immediately as Legolas knew it would. He reached back and repeated the motion, once, twice, three, four times in less than thirty seconds. Each orc fell to his death with an arrow protruding from their hearts. The elf spared a passing glance at the ranger to the east; Aragorn seemed to be doing fine on his own. Legolas turned back around but not before he felt a tiny pinch in his lower spine. He reached around and pulled out a small object, a dart. The smell coming from it meant it was poisonous. Legolas knew Elrond was going to be furious, not to mention his own father. Aragorn raced back toward him, grinning. "Well I say that we killed more than Elrohir and Elladan today!" "Indeed," the elf said, his voice on edge. Aragorn didn't miss the tone and he looked down at the small object in the elven hand. "A dart?" "Poisonous." "How long and what was the entry point?" "I am not sure of the time, but it was in my lower spine." "Any effects?" "Not yet." Aragorn nodded. "We should be heading back then. I hope we can make it to Ada's before the poison spreads. Though with it being in your spine-" Aragorn didn't get to finish his sentence as Legolas fell to his knees. "My legs! My legs feel..odd," Legolas cried his voice touching hysteria. "The poison is paralyzing you. Come, mellon nin, let me help you walk. The closer we get to Rivendell the better." "Perhaps we should have been smart like your brothers and taken horses," Legolas mumbled. All his concentration was in making his legs work. They didn't want to compromise. Aragorn, supporting most of the elf's weight managed a smile. "Aye, but don't tell them that. We will never live it down." Legolas smiled back but it quickly faded away as the two began walking. "We may never live it down," he replied through gritted teeth, "but I'd my right arm to have them come boasting across our path right now." Araogrn didn't answer, but silently prayed that he would see the dark haired twins soon. ~~*~~ Aragorn looked up. He judged they had been walking for about an hour. Although walking was used loosely. When they first started out, with his help Legolas was sort of limping. Now Aragorn was practically dragging the elf. Worse, he could feel heat seeping from the elf. Legolas was barely conscious as Aragorn led them off the trail and near a small cave. He could see Rivendell in the distance and he knew they only had about an hours journey left. As he laid Legolas down, putting the elf's head on their pack Araogrn knew Legolas wouldn't make it. "Legolas?" Araogrn said softly, "Legolas if you can hear me, moan or grunt, something. Legolas?" The elf gave a weak grunt that seemed to take a lot out of him. Aragorn felt a little relief. He moved out of the cave picking up a few fallen branches from the nearby trees. He started a small fire and as he was preparing to go look for anything to help Legolas he caught blue, unfocused eyes looking at him. "Aragorn.." The ranger sat down by the elf, taking his hand. "I'm here. " "Aragorn.." Legolas mumbled, "It's Aragorn, Ada." Aragorn let go of the limp hand as Legolas fell unconscious. He took one more look at the elf before heading out of the cave. His search led him a few feet from the cave but he found enough to help bring down the elf's fever slightly. He wasted no time in climbing back up to the cave. As he came closer he could hear Legolas mumbling. It was incoherent so Aragorn paid it no mind as he crushed up the plant. He added another plant, squeezing the juice from it. He looked up as Legolas muttered his first legible words. "Ada, I found him. I love Aragorn. Can't you be..happy..for..-" Aragorn's hands froze. He wasn't sure if he believed what he had just heard. Legolas found him..found.. "By Valar," Aragorn muttered to himself as it clicked. --flashback 2 months— " Someone approaches the gates, Lord Elrond. It looks like Prince Legolas of Mirkwood. He is alone," Thesil reported. " Very well, let the young elf in," Elrond replied. Thesil bowed and returned to his post. Elrond turned to Aragorn, who had just arrived with a serious expression on his face. " What is it my son?" " Is it Legolas that approaches?" Elrond nodded as he replied, "Aye, it is our young Greenleaf. How do you know?" Aragorn sighed. "I received a letter last week. The king and his youngest son have had an argument. Legolas wanted permission to stay here for awhile. My guess would be Legolas could not wait for my reply." Aragorn held out a newly sealed letter. "I suppose this means you do not mind." Elrond smiled. "You know better than to have to ask. Legolas is like a son to me." Aragorn didn't get a chance to respond when the doors opened. Legolas came through and Aragorn half expected the elf to be in pieces. His letter to Aragorn sounded desperate and painful though the elf standing before him held the aura of royalty, strength and composure beyond measure. " Prince Legolas, it is so good to see you," Elrond said holding out his hands in welcome. Legolas gave a bow of the head and smiled at the lord. "Aye, it is good to see you as well. I am sorry I have come without warning. It is very rude of me but I had no other choice." Anyone who knew Legolas personally could hear the difficulty of keeping the charade up. Aragorn could see the stress in the way Legolas held his body. As soon as the guards closed the doors Legolas' shoulders dropped. " Elrond I.." Elrond came forward lifting the elf's fallen chin. "Nay, Greenleaf, you owe me nothing. Stay as long as you wish." The elf gave a small smile. "Thank you Elrond." He seemed to notice Aragorn for the first time and the smile hit his eyes. "Aragorn," he said as he looked down, "You got my letter? I take it that is the reply?" Aragorn nodded as he and Legolas started walking toward the room Legolas always occupied when he came to Rivendell. " I was going to send it today but our scouts came back with word that you were approaching." Aragorn followed the prince into his room. He sat on the end of the bed while Legolas dropped his pack and slouched down on a chair. Aragorn chuckled. " If your father could see you now.." Legolas smiled but it quickly faded and he stood, looking out the window. " I know you're wondering why I've come before waiting for your response. I had to get away from him Aragorn." Aragorn said nothing, just watched the prince's back, waiting for him to continue. " I know who I am Aragorn. I am Legolas Greenleaf of Mirkwood; Prince and heir to the throne because of the death of the rightful heir. I also know, like you, my destiny has been picked for me. I have expectations that I am required to meet. One of those of course, and perhaps the most important is to provide..," the elf's voice faltered a bit, "To provide an heir." Legolas turned around to face him. The blue eyes seemed shiny and Aragorn realized with a start that the elf had tears in his eyes. " I have fallen for someone, Aragorn. I was afraid to say anything, and when I did my father rejected me. His anger was so great he struck me and demanded I leave his presence. So I came here." Aragorn sat for a moment, thinking and said," Forgive me for being a little naïve, but are you trying to tell me the person you've fallen for isn't a female? " Yes," came the strangled whisper. Aragorn cleared his throat. "Well I just have one thing to say." He stood up, put his hand on the elf's shoulders and said, " He's a fool if he doesn't love you back." Legolas gave a small grin. "Aragorn, my friend, he may love me. Just not in the way I love him." -- end of flashback— Legolas took a shuddering breath. Aragorn focused his attention back on the elf. The labored breathing could mean the posion was spreading up into his lungs. If it did that Legolas would suffocate. Aragorn quickly snuffed the fire out, packed what little belongings he had brought out and with a small groan lifted the elf, cradling him to his chest. Rivendell was only around an hour walk, he told himself. Just one hour. ~*~ Just a few more steps, Aragorn thought to himself, just a few..more..steps. Aragorn was beyond tired. Legolas had long ago become dead weight in his exhausted arms, and twice Aragorn had had to stop and lay the elf down so he wouldn't drop him. Legolas' breathing was getting worse and in the fading light Aragorn could see a very light tint of blue on the lips. If he didn't hurry Legolas would die. He shook himself awake and thought he saw dust swirling in the distance. He prayed that no more trouble would befall them when he realized that the scouts would have seen and recognized him and would have alerted Elrond to the trouble. Aragorn breathed a huge sigh of relief as he saw two horses galloping towards them. He was feeling a little more confident when Legolas inhaled and it caught in his throat. Aragorn's heart pounded in fear and not soon enough Legolas let out the breath. Aragorn's legs shook with exhaustion. They hadn't slept in two days, not since the twins had announced the hunting orcs competition and himself and Legolas desperately wanted to win. He lost the small battle and crumbled in a heap. The horses stopped a few feet in front of him. "Poisoned dart to his spine," were the only words Aragorn managed to get out before he was grabbed up. He belatedly noticed that Legolas wasn't in his arms anymore. It all seemed to flash before his eyes. He was on the horse; he looked up wearily at the serious face of Elrohir. He looked over and saw Elladan holding Legolas tightly. He caught snippets of conversation. "Barely breathing..is…Aragorn?" Elrohir looked down at him. "He's fine. Exhausted…game…Ada-" "Don't worry…tell him..King.." Aragorn opened his eyes though he didn't remember closing them. King? Legolas' father was here? Before Aragorn could say anything his eyes closed on their own and he drifted down deep. ~*~ "How is he Ada?" "Greenleaf is breathing better than he was. The paralysis seems to be fading still. He has woken up a few times today, but still nothing in his legs. I'm afraid that he will need to learn to walk again." Aragorn sighed. It had been almost two months. By the time Elladan and Elrohir had gotten the two of them to Rivendell Legolas had to have Elrond help him breath and had fallen into a sleep that he would not wake up from. At first Elrond feared they were too late but just last week Legolas opened his eyes for a moment. When he closed them again Aragorn thought he had slipped back into the sleep but the elf continued to wake after