This story was requested by a good friend of mine who wanted me to write two alternate reality of her two favorite book series Harry Potter and Percy Jackson. She wanted both stories to deal with what would happen if both Harry and Percy, two characters extremely loyal to friends, were forced to have a harem that they would be dominant over. She also gave me some outlines she would like me to follow. Following contains slight spoilers to the story. If you don't want to know who will be included or what changes will be made, than skip the next two paragraphs. She asked me to make the PJO story be after Blood of Olympus and Percy forcibly being turned into the replacement of Eros. The girls needed to include at least Annabeth as mistress, Calypso, Piper, Artemis and hunters, Hestia, Clarisse, Rachel, Reyna and Khione. Percy must deal with his new position as well as his new instincts of being dominant. She asked that Harry Potter should start as normal and contain most of the 7 years and some beyond. She wanted Harry to be the heir of at least one of the founders and maybe someone more powerful. She wanted some OOC characters including a dick/jealous/idiot Ron Weasley, nice Pansy Parkinson, loving and regretful Dumbledore, eventual nice Snape, and a living Sirius. She also requested that I lower the ages of Tonks and Fleur to about 2 years older than Harry and bring the age of Gabrielle up to Harry's age. Given Tonks will be taken, Remus will be happily married. She wanted for Harry be at least, Ginny Weasley, Susan Bones, Daphne Greengrass, Hermione Granger, Fleur and Gabrielle Delacour, Su Li and Nymphadora Tonks. She requested that at least one of the girls to have a slave bond that, like Percy, forces Harry to be a dominant. While this does seem to be a lot for one person to request all I can say is I am totally whipped, and I owed her a favor. Cassie, these are for you. Huge shout out to Fantasy1290 and their story DUEL. Thank you for a couple ideas including how to get the whole harem started, and how to include Fleur and Gabby. Huge shout out to Lord BladeDSF and his story Harry Potter and the Heir of Magic. Thank you for the idea of introducing a new school house. Chapter 1 Lord Who? The sun wasn't even up yet when a young 11-year-old boy was dragged from the closet under the stairs by his hair. "Get up, Boy. What are you doing asleep! You haven't even started breakfast!" Harry's uncle stood over him, belt in hand. Harry looked up at his large uncle from his place on the floor. It was much too early to be getting up, even for him. He was about to say something, to ask why he was up early, when metal whistled through the air. Harry barely had a second to brace himself before the buckle of Vernon's belt struck his back, leaving another long gash down his back. He winced at the pain but didn't say anything. He had learned long ago that saying something only made it worse. Slowly he stood up, ignoring the throbbing from his side and back, walked to the kitchen and started preparations for breakfast. As he pulled out the pots and pans he needed to create the large breakfast always required, he remembered just why he had already gotten hit. It was Dudley's birthday today and that always meant more torment. Harry sighed. He was miserable but he couldn't do anything about it. Once breakfast was finished he set the table, and kept the food warm, careful to not dry it out lest he got another beating. After breakfast was served Harry sat on the floor in the corner of the room trying to stay out of sight as Dudley tore through his gifts. So far the only upside for the day had been when he was grudgingly informed that he would accompany the Dursleys to the zoo as his usual baby sitter was ill. "Freak, come here and clean up," screeched his aunt before she turned to her son and continued in a coddling tone, "Come on, Duddykins, let's get ready to go to the zoo." As soon as she left the room, Harry hurried from his corner and started picking up the mess of wrappings, and paper. He had barely finished when Vernon entered the room and gave him a resounding kick to his rear, sending him sprawling face first into the ground. "Get up boy, we're leaving." Harry dragged himself to his feet. He started moving to the door, when he felt his uncle's fat hand grab his hair and jerk his face around until they were standing face to face, the older man's rancid breath washing over his face, making his eyes sting and his nose run. "I want you to behave yourself. None of your freakish stuff or I'll have to punish you." Internally Harry sighed. Whenever his uncle promised punishment, no matter what he did or didn't do, he always received a beating. Nodding his assent, Harry walked to the car, ignoring his pain. The ride to the zoo was one of great discomfort for Harry. The gash on his back had stopped its minimal bleeding and simply throbbed. The cracked rib from the kicking he had received earlier in the week was aching and his rear end was bruised. With every bump of the car, all three would pulse with pain. He would have groaned but he knew that if he had it would only lead to more. Admittedly walking around the Zoo well behind the Dursleys was indeed nice. He stopped to watch various animals romp in their pen, or sleep stretched out in the sun. The only downside was when he entered the reptile house. Keeping as far from his cousin as he could, he walked over and started a nice conversation with a boa constrictor. That is, until his cousin shoved him aside to get a good look at the snake curled up by the glass. Except there was no glass and the snake was curling itself around Dudley. Harry told the snake to let go, but one glance at his Uncle, he knew he was in for a painful night. … Deep within the depths of Gringotts Bank a vault glowed white as the magic of the new Lord Emrys and Heir of Merlin, made itself known. A surge of magic streamed out in a large shockwave from Vault 1, felt by every goblin present. Elder Grangock, head of the bank, leapt to his feet, and hurried to the cart that would take him below to the vaults. He had only felt magic like that only once before and that had been when young James Potter had come with his parents before his first year at Hogwarts. The cart stopped of its own accord in front of the Potter Family vault, and Grangock stared at it in wonder. Glowing on the door, was a large shield with an ornate triskelion in the center. Below it ancient runes were starting to show. Awed the elderly Goblin read: Darkness surges on the horizon And a wizard by his family, Emrys will wizen. The magic of his heir has been made known And with help from people all his own Shall he strike the darkness to oblivion. Bring him forth, and give him his rings of obsidian For, Lord Emrys-Black-Potter shall lead the wizarding world to new heights. Pulling a piece of parchment from the cart, Grangock quickly muttered a spell, copying the symbol and words onto the sheet. Once the copy had been made the words and symbol faded and the glow left the door. Turning, the elder goblin rode the cart back to his office. Pulling out a second sheet of parchment, he penned a letter to the magical guardian of the only living Potter explaining what had happened and requesting both his and the young Lord's presence at their earliest convenience. Making a duplicate of the prophecy, he tied both to a large barn owl. Watching the owl leave, the goblin rubbed a long finger against his temple. The Potter family had long been considered Friends of Goblins, and if the ancient bloodline, descended from Merlin himself, had produced a magical heir, then it was high time the goblins chose a side. … Sitting at his desk, Albus Dumbledore was again questioning his decision to put Harry with his relatives almost ten years before. He knew that those muggles hated magic, but at the time it had been the best place for him and he had hoped that the Dursleys would put aside their hatred and love the boy. Sirius had been arrested, and, while Dumbledore knew he was innocent, had been sent to Azkaban without a trial and all evidence in support of the best friend to James Potter had been ignored. The blood magic surrounding the house was protecting the boy, but the wards had slowly been weakening. Arabella Figg, a squib who had been good friends with the boy's mother, had been tasked with keeping an eye on him. However, that had immediately run into issues when Petunia Dursley had immediately refused to be friendly at all with her, except for the request to watch Harry a few times when. Arabella had sent several concerns to the Headmaster, stating that a few times Harry had bruises all along his face and had refused to sit or touch his back and had always been in clothes much to large. The aged professor was jolted out of his worrying when a large barn owl flew in through the open window and alighted on his desk. The owl had a letter tied to its leg bearing the seal of Gringotts. Dumbledore swiftly untied the letter and started reading, giving the owl a soft scratch. However, his hand froze and he sat up straight in his chair as he continued reading. Finishing the letter he looked at the accompanying parchment and the runes inscribed upon it. Dropping the message, he fell back in his chair in shock. The Potters had always been an exceptionally powerful family. In fact, Lord Charlus Potter had even rivaled the old wizard in power and had been essential in the war against Grindewald, before sacrificing himself to save his family during the first war with Voldemort. "It appears, my family has finally produced an heir of my great grandfather," a deep baritone voice stated behind him. Without turning, Dumbledore nodded his head. "Indeed Godric. I just hope I am up to the task of protecting him and his own." "You have proven to be more than adequate in the past." "Have I? I couldn't keep Sirius from prison, I couldn't save the Potters, nor the Longbottoms. Will I be able to take care of young Harry?" "We have complete faith in you, Albus," a new feminine voice joined the first. Finally turning, the elder wizard finally looked at the portraits of the founders. All four were alive and moving, all staring straight at him. "I hope your right," was all he said. … Morning came, and for Harry it was one of the most painful he had had in a long time. Stifling a groan, he sat up stiffly his back and side pounding from the beating he had received the previous night. Vernon had been incensed at what had happened to his precious Dudley and had dragged Harry into their room before laying into him with the belt. Once he had finished, Harry had been shoved into the closet and the door locked after him. Standing up, he tried the door only to find it still locked. His back had stopped bleeding, but his shirt was still stiff with the blood he had lost. He peeled the shirt off and