Disclaimer: I would like to profess my gratitude to Mrs. JK Rowling because, without her, none of this would be possible. I would like to add that all the quotes are from Pottermore….. A/N: So if you review, I will respond to your review up here unless you don't want me too. Please review. I trashed this chapter twice and spent days editing it so please review. It would mean so much to me ;) Thank you so much for deciding to try my story out. I love you all xoxo. Now onto the story….. Prologue "Cloe!" shrieks Emeline when Cloe enters the dormitory. "Em! You have no idea how much I have missed you!" Emeline rushes over to give Cloe a hug. "Are you ready for some awesome pranks, awe-inspiring tom foolery, and grand spoofs!" Cloe asks Emeline, often called Em. "Guess who is back to conquer the school?" Aubrie says as she walks in and gives both Cloe and Emeline a hug. "The Wampus Girls are back," they all shout in unison. "Where is Scar?" Aubrie asks Cloe and Emeline. "We don't know. Must be late." Scarlet walks into the dorm. Aubrie, Cloe, and Emeline tackle her. "Can't breathe, can't breathe," says Scarlet, often called Scar. They let her go. The four girls are in the Wampus house. "How are you?" Cloe asks Scarlet. "I am fine. I miss them but I am fine," Scarlet replies. Scarlet and Jax's parents disappeared over the summer. Cleo decides to drop the subject. Scarlet mourns alone. They hadn't seen each other all summer because they live all across the United States. Emeline lives in Baltimore, Maryland over the summer, Cloe lives in Key West, Florida, Scarlet lives in Arlington, Texas, and Aubrie lives in Los Angeles, California. Los Angeles had the largest magical population in North America other than New York City. Shortly after, Collen and Fiona enter the dorm. "Hey Collen, Fiona," says Emeline. "It was a ridiculously long line to pick up our wands this year," Scarlet says, trying to make conversation. Aubrie was holding back Cloe from strangling Collen. Cloe and Colleen grew up across the street from each other and they have had a rivalry since the age of six. In the boys' dormitory, Jax is sitting on his bed waiting for his friends to come back. Like usual, they forgot to pick up their wands and had to go back to the Great Hall. Like the girls, they hadn't seen each other all summer. Scarlet and Jax are twins so they arrived at the same time. "Look who's back," Hunter says as he places his trunk on his bed. "Hey, Hunter. How was your summer?" Jax asks Hunter. "Fine, how was-" Hunter stops. "Dude, I'm sorry. That was super insensitive." Over the summer, Jax and Scarlet's parents disappeared. No one knows what happened. They went to a conference at Hogwarts and never returned. "Hunter, calm down. You are all good." At that moment, Connor and Zeke walk in. Connor being the sensitive one says "Hey Jax, we are here for you okay." Jax shakes his head. "You lot are a bunch of girls. I am good." Connor, Zeke, and Hunter stare at him with doubtful looks in their eyes. "So, have you guys seen the girls yet?" Jax asks. "Nope. We should see them at the sorting ceremony." Emeline, Cleo, Scarlet, Aubrie, Jax, Connor, Hunter, and Zeke have been an inseparable group since their first year. The two other Wampus boys enter the room. "Hey, Zachary. Hey, Fredrik," Connor says. They pretend they don't hear Connor. "Hey guys," the girls say to the guys once they see each other for the first time in three months. "Long time, no see," Jax says. "Well, except for my dear sister, but she doesn't count," he concludes. Scarlet punches Jax in the arm. "I hate this speech," Hunter says. "I agree. I know. It is for the first years to know all about the founding of our school and stuff. I just don't understand why we have to hear it every year," Aubrie says. "Everyone, please be seated. First years up front, please. Our Headmistress would like to tell you the wonderful story of the founding of our school," Madam Vandlerope says. Madam Vandlerope is the head of the Wampus house and the Ilvermorny History teacher. Headmistress Illings walks to the front of the room. "Hello, first years and all of our returning students. Welcome to the Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The story of the founding of the Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry varies upon who tells it. The story that we tell here is as follows. We believe that Isolt Sayre was born at around 1603. She was born in Coomloughra, County Kerry, in Ireland. She spent many years there, living with her parents. Her parents were both wizards, so she was a pureblood witch. William Sayre, Isolt's father, is related to a famous Irish witch that is known by the name of Morrigan. Morrigan was an animagus. She was a crow. William called his daughter 'Morrigan' because Isolt loved nature and all things outside when she was younger. She grew up in a wonderful family. Her parents loved her and would often help their No-Maj (A No-Maj is a Muggle) neighbors with problems only cured by magic. When Isolt was five, their family was attacked and her parents died. Her mother's sister, Gormlaith Gaunt raised her in the nearby city of Coomcallee. When Isolt grew older, she realized that Gormlaith Gaunt actually killed her parents. Gormlaith was a wicked pureblood witch who believed that because her sister and her sister's husband helped their No-Maj neighbors, it set Isolt on a dangerous path to cause their pureblood family tree to perish. Gormlaith believed that if she brought Isolt up believing that purebloods were greater human beings than anyone else, Isolt would believe it too. Gormlaith made sure that Isolt had no contact with anything of No-Maj kind, so Isolt had no friends. Gormlaith denied Isolt any ability to attend Hogwarts, thinking that Isolt would be in contact with 'Mudbloods'. Gormlaith attended Hogwarts and spent a great deal of time talking about it, so Isolt believed that Hogwarts was a paradise away from her awful life. For twelve years, Gormlaith made her do things using dark magic. Finally, Isolt gained enough magical ability to escape, stealing her aunt's wand, because she never had one of her own. She also took one of her mother's brooches. Then Isolt left the country. Isolt was scared that Gormlaith would find her so she pretended to be a boy and left to North America on the Mayflower in 1620. Isolt arrived with No-Maj settlers, so she vanished into the mountains. She made it seem as though she died of a cold and hard winter. She left because she was scared of Gormlaith tracking her. Also, she knew that her shipmates might not be too happy with having a witch as their neighbor. Isolt was alone in a new country and, based on what she thought, was the only witch for hundreds of thousands of miles. She had not learned much about Native American Wizards, but she did encounter two magical beings after several weeks alone. The two creatures were the Hidebehind and the Pukwudgie. The Hidebehind is a creature that lives in the forest. They are nocturnal and like to kill humans. The Hidebehind can conceal itself behind an object and can jump a victim or hide from a predator. Only a witch or wizard is likely to survive an attack by a Hidebehind. The Pukwudgie is also native to America. The Pukwudgie looks a lot like a Pukwudgie does not like humankind and hunts with its own magic. Pukwudgies hunt with deadly, poisonous arrows and enjoy playing tricks on humans. The Hidebehind was very large and strong and had succeeded in capturing the Pukwudgie, which was young and weak. Unaware that the Pukwudgie was dangerous to humans Isolt brought him back to her shelter and nursed it back to health. The Pukwudgie declared itself bound to serve her until he could repay the debt. The Pukwudgie was humiliated to be in debt to a young witch who was wandering in a strange country where a Pukwudgie or a Hidebehind could have attacked her at any moment. Isolts days were filled with the Pukwudgie grumbling while she journeyed on. Even though the Pukwudgie was very ungrateful she found him funny and appreciated his company. Over time, they developed a friendship that was unique because of their species. The Pukwudgie refused to tell her his name so she called him William, in honor of her father. William, the Pukwudgie, started to show Isolt the magical creatures that lived in North America. Isolt was fascinated with the creatures that were so unlike the ones in Ireland, back home. To Isolt, the Great Horned Serpent was the most fascinating. William was terrified of the beats, but Isolt was not. She claimed she could speak with it. Isolt stopped speaking to William about the serpent and the stuff that the serpent was saying to her. The serpent would relay the same message every time that Isolt would return to William. 'Until I am part of your family, your family is doomed.' Isolt had no family, except for Gormlaith, and she hardly cared what happened to her. She was confused over what the Horned Serpent seemed to be saying to her and concluded that she might be imagining things after all, but she always thought that the serpent did speak to her. Under unfortunate circumstances, Isolt was reunited with wizards. When Isolt and William were walking through the woods one day they heard an awful noise. William told Isolt to stay where she was and William ran through the trees with a poisoned arrow at hand. Isolt did not follow his instructions and followed William. When she reached a small clearing in the trees she gasped. The Hidebehind that tried to kill William had killed two humans. Two boys were huddled near by watching as the Hidebehind tried to kill their parents. The Pukwudgie and Isolt worked together to destroy the Hidebehind. They Pukwudgie got angry when Isolt wanted help to carry the two boys home. Isolt said that his debt would be repaid if he carried one of the boys home. The boys were so sick she didn't want to apparate. The Pukwudgie carried the older boy, Chadwick, while Isolt carried Webster home. Once they were their shelter, Isolt told William that she didn't need his assistance, and the Pukwudgie vanished. Isolt had just sacrificed her only friend for two boys that would most likely die. Then, she realized that they were magical. Chadwick and Webster's parents came to America for an adventure. This dream came to a tragic close when they met the Hidebehind. Mr. Boot had attempted to ridicule it because he thought it was a Boggart. Let's just say, the Hidebehind was not happy." The room sniggered at this. "The boys were so ill that Isolt didn't leave them, so when they were a little better, Isolt revisited the woods to bury their parents, hoping that the boys would visit. When she arrived at the clearing she met a man named James Steward. He was also from the Plymouth settlements. He had known the Boots and he went into the forest to search for them. He picked up the broken wands, but because he was a No-Maj, the wand retaliated. James was sent flying backward and hit a tree. He was knocked out. He awoke in Isolt's shelter. Isolt had nursed him back to health. It was hard to keep her magical abilities secret from James, so she decided to Obliviate James once all the madness was over. Isolt loved having James to talk to and James helped distract the boys from the problems at hand while Isolt brewed potions and