If you recognise it, it's not mine. As I sit in my old chair in front of my home in the Victors Village, I listen to the waves lapping on the shore. The last cry of a late gull. A soft breeze floating through the trees. It would almost be peaceful, if I could forget everything. But today they announced the Quarter Quell. I could go into the arena again. Or worse, I could watch one of the young girls I've mentored over the last sixty years go in. I am one of the oldest victors, probably the only one who remembers, however faintly, how it used to be. But when I was about four years old, everything changed. My family owned the fishing supplies factory. Me, my parents, my brothers Trawler and Crest, and my sister, Anya. Anya was two years older than me, but she was my best friend. We both worked with the hooks, hammering gleaming pieces of metal into shape. Every so often, though, a siren would go off, and we would run down to the cellar, to hide from the riots, the bombs. Trawler was eight, Crest was nine, Anya was six. They sort of knew what was happening. I didn't. All I knew was that in the Capitol, someone was trying to kill my home. Our family weren't rebels. Father made that clear. If any of us attempted to join the fight, we were no longer welcome in our family. A few months later, District Thirteen was destroyed. The Capitol won. The First Hunger Games started a matter of months later. I watched the terrified children turn from victims of the adult's crimes to ruthless, mad killers. That year, the victor had only won because so many committed suicide. He was about to slit his own throat when the hovercraft picked him up. That night, the first nightmares came. Ten years later, they became worse. Crest was safe from the reapings, and Trawler was in his last year at eighteen. Anya was sixteen and I was almost fourteen. As the names were drawn out, I recognised the boy who was called. Net, everyone called him, because he was so good at making the things. He must have been about seventeen. Then the girl's name was read out. And it wasn't Anya, or any of my friends from school. It was me. All I knew was a empty, roaring silence as I mounted the stage. The woman cheerily asked for volunteers. Nobody speaks up. As she turns to finish her little ceremony, I hear it. A sobbing shriek. "Stop! I volunteer! Please, please, I volunteer! Please !" Dizzy with relief, I step down from the stage. I don't even notice who my rescuer is, until she says her name into the microphone. And the voice is the same one which has laughed with me, talked to me, soothed me to sleep ever since I can remember. As I turn round, I know who I will see standing on the stage. My sister. Anya. That year, I watched my sister parade round the streets of the Capitol dressed up in a skimpy fisherman's outfit. I watched her learn to survive, to fight, to kill. I watched her getting one of the top scores, a ten. I watched her in the interviews, so confident, so smooth. I watched as she grabbed the best supplies from the Cornucopia. I watched as she saved Net's life by throwing a knife into the back of an attacker. And I watched as he turned round, spear in hand, and threw it. I watched my sister die. And that was all I could do. Watch. Net didn't win. The girl from Nine did. But nobody at home watched it. Except me. One day, Crest went out and never came back. Then father. Then Trawler. As he left, he told me to look after mother. But a few days later, a body washed up on the shore. I watched as every member of my family was taken from me. I was fourteen. I would have gone to live in the community home, if it wasn't for the Blakes. They had a daughter, ten years old. Sweet, tiny Flow. I used to babysit for her, until they took me in. I became a sort of big sister to her. I stayed with them for two years, until the unthinkable happened. It was her first year. I was sixteen, she was twelve. Her name was in five times though. We weren't exactly rich. Mine was in... I had lost count. I had put it in just once when I was twelve, but then taken out tesserae when I saw Flow doing it. It's kind of confusing. I prefer fishhooks. At least then you can see what you're doing. But back then, at the reaping, I could see, hear, the whole lot. So I heard her name being read out. Saw the tears on her parents faces. Because the name they read out was Flow Blake. I couldn't let this happen to Flow, little Flow who I'd known since she was a toddler. I couldn't let this happen to her parents, who had been so kind to me. So when the woman asked for volunteers, my feet moved until I was standing in the narrow path to the stage. People moved to let me pass. "I volunteer." My voice came out as a croak, and for a minute I'm terrified that nobody will hear me, that they'll take her away and I will lose another sister. I try again, louder. "I volunteer as tribute." The woman smiles. "And we have a volunteer! Up you come dear, don't be shy! What's your name?" Flow is crying, her thin, starved body clinging to mine. "Mags, no ! No! Mags, you can't go! Let me go, please, Mags !" But eventually, a peacekeeper prises her away. "Well, no need to ask your name then!" That woman again. Why does she have to end all her sentences with exclamation marks? The boy gets chosen. A tall guy, kinda skinny though. Lanky. I know his name, sort of. As he walks to the stage, he catches my eye, just for a second. But it's long enough for me to remember. It was just after they found my mother's body, swept up to the sand like a piece of driftwood. I was stumbling back along the cliffs to my house, when I met him. Just lying in the path. I didn't see him at first, eyes blurred by tears. So I tripped. I would have gone over the edge, but he shot his arm out and grabbed my leg. I fell heavily, landing on a pile of sandy pebbles, but at least I was alive. I looked up and saw a pair of deep green eyes, exactly the glassy colour of the sea after a storm, a slow, sad smile on his face. I didn't say anything sensible, just gabbled my thanks and ran away, to the horrible privacy of the empty house. Now those eyes find me again, and again I can't say anything, because this is on live television right now. All I can do is shake his hand and smile for the cameras. But later, I catch his name. Brine. Brine Murphy. As I go to bed that night, I finally sort out this web of emotions inside me. My new family, Flow and her parents, will have to watch this. If it wasn't for me, her name would have been in there less times. But now they will watch me fight and probably die. That, or Flow will watch me become a murderer. Killer or corpse. That's what my future holds for me now. Brine Murphy should have let me die on that cliff. During our time in the Capitol, our mentor, a slim young woman called Coral, explains what our strategies will be. "Well, I got sponsors by making myself seem likeable, funny, but a bit mysterious! Maybe you just have to find an attitude which works for you!" I wonder if 'exasperated' would be appropriate. Probably not. Next to me, Brine looks as if he feels the same. Later, when Coral and the escort, who turns out to be called Rosalie Frill, have fluttered off somewhere, I catch Brine on his own. I'm planning to ask him what he was doing on the cliff that day, but he beats me to it. "So, two years ago, you nearly fling yourself off a cliff before my very eyes. What was all that about then?" The light, casual way he says this irritates me, causing me to snap back. "I tripped. Besides, you can't talk. You were just lying there, right in the middle of the path. Waiting for someone to roll you off the edge?" He raises his eyebrows. "Well, now you mention it, I was actually planning on how to tell the girl I loved that I was going to volunteer for the arena in a couple of years, to test out a new theory of mine." This boy has problems. "Who is she then?" "Who was she, you mean. She died. Two years ago, almost." Mentally, I flip through the deaths two years ago. Not so many, I think. A couple of babies. A little boy who got pneumonia. The whole crew of a ship in a storm. Maybe more, but I might not have noticed. That was the year my family died, the year Anya was killed in the... "What was her name?" "I didn't know her second name. But I knew everything else. Her hair,pale yellow like the sand on the beach. Her eyes, clear blue like the sky in the morning. I knew where she lived, worked, everything. When she died, I thought I'd lost every chance in the world. But there was one thing left. One person. A girl. I didn't know her name. But she was the only thing which helped me hold it together. After Anya died." "You loved my sister?" "Yes. Did she love me?" "I don't know. Who was the girl who was left?" I ask, even though I think I already know the answer. Brine is suddenly flustered. "You never answered my question. What were you doing, falling off the cliff that day?" He's trying to avoid it, but I'm very, very good at getting answers. "Who was that girl?" "You already know." "Tell me." "Only if you tell me why you were on that cliff." I glared at him, because I didn't want to relive that moment. I'm on the verge of walking out right then, when he speaks. "The girl who was left behind. If I let her die as well, I would never forgive myself. That girl, I came to care for her as well. Her name-" I know. The girl who was left behind. "Brine, what do you mean, care for her?" Tears in his eyes, he nods. "Hello, Mags." We sit in silence for about half an hour. Slowly, our hands find each other. Then I can't hold the tears back. Rosalie Frill pokes her head round the door, but quickly vanishes. I hear her silly heels clacking away down the train. "I was on that cliff because the road was full of people. You remember a body washed up that year?" He nods, not sure where this was leading. "Well, that was my mother. My brothers and my father had left a few days before. I don't know what happened to them. My whole life just fell apart after Anya..." Brine's face is a mixture of shock, horror and recognition. "I had no idea. I knew that the business closed down, but I didn't know that was why. I knew a body washed up, but I didn't know that was who it was. " He wouldn't. Vanishing isn't uncommon in District Four, but it definitely isn't made public. "I'm going