Phoenix and the Flame A/N Disclaimer: This applies to all chapters: I do not own Harry Potter, or text from the HP books (indicated in bold italics). This is an idea that I've had for a while, and I really enjoyed writing this! Hope you all enjoy reading it too. Genres are Fantasy/Adventure/Romance. Canon pairings of Ron/Hermione and Harry/Ginny. Page 156, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows " How are we supposed to find it then?" asked Ron. " We search manually," said Hermione. " That's a good idea," said Ron, rolling his eyes, and he resumed his examination of the curtains. Hermione impatiently pushed away straggling wisps of her hair from her eyes as she strode to the opposite side of the bedroom and threw open the creaking doors of the wardrobe. Dust motes disturbed from a rest of nearly two decades fluttered into the stale air and then spiraled lazily onto the shoulders of neatly hung old-fashioned dress robes and a stack of carefully folded Slytherin uniforms, their edges still as crisp as the day they were set aside. She rifled through them absently, the cool, light fabrics slipping easily between her fingers. As she parted the last two robes hanging against the wall of the wardrobe, her eye caught the gleam of dark polished wood in the grey light filtering through the grimy windows. Anticipation flared in her chest as she thrust her hand into the shadowy depths of the wardrobe, wincing when the sharp edge of a box grazed her skin. "I think I found something!" She knelt to pull it out and brushed away a glossy Slytherin tie partially draped over the lid, noticing vaguely as she did so that blood was beginning to bead the scraped skin. She would have to heal it later. "What is it?" Ron asked eagerly, swiftly abandoning the curtains. Hermione could hear the hope in his voice, snatching at the faint chance that they were further on their task and that she had, once again, conjured the answer. A twinge of annoyance stalled her response, but the feeling was soon chased into nothingness by weary understanding and fondness. They had scarcely begun their journey, and already they were frustrated by a room choking in dust and the memories of a boy who was surely now bones and dust himself, unknowing or caring of the daunting quest headed by three teenagers no older than he had been at death. "It's some sort of box," she said finally. She hefted it, feeling the weight of an object sliding within. "There is some sort of object inside." She hesitated, her hand hovering over the silver latch. The box hummed with magic, but it felt benign, almost like the pleasant, glowing warmth from a merrily dancing fire. How odd. I have never sensed intent from a charmed object before. However, in a house with curses leaping from unexpected objects, it was only prudent to be wary of a seemingly innocuous item. A familiar, oft-barked phrase - Constant vigilance! - reverberated in her head. Mad-Eye Moody was no longer here to impart his advice, but she was sure he was shouting at her from the heavens to follow his rules of caution. Harry, hearing their conversation, straightened from searching Regulus' desk. He wiped his hand on his jeans, haphazardly streaking the material with ink as he drew close enough to see the box. "Go on," he encouraged. "It might hold something useful." Harry and Ron watched avidly, their eyes bright with equal parts trepidation and excitement, as Hermione tapped the box with her wand, testing the enchantments. It was a plain black box with a silver lock, not unlike the style of Hogwarts trunks. Unsurprisingly, it had many more charms than a usual magical storage container. Her wrist turned, dipped, and flicked in movements that were almost elegant in their precision, as though her wand was a conductor's baton. Layer after layer of protective layer of charms unraveled, flaking away like the peeled skin of an onion, until a more solid, sinister enchantment at its core was revealed. Dark Magic. This was the House of Black, after all. Despite Regulus' stand against Voldemort, he still adhered to the Black ideology. "Never mind," she said, feeling oddly disappointed. A small part of her had dared to expect better of the person who had switched the real Horcrux for the imitation locket, boldly taunting Voldemort. "There's some Dark Magic on this. I'll have to research how to counter it." She wrinkled her nose in distaste, and brushed her hand over the lid ruefully, imagining perusing yet another book on Dark Magic. Reading Magick Most Evile and Secrets of the Darkest Art had been repulsive enough, sending her into shudders of revulsion and knotting her gut with nausea with the turn of every stained, yellowed page that had smoothed Voldemort's path to immortality. Harry's mouth twisted as he absorbed this information, and he gazed down at the box, his hands curling into fists. Hermione understood. Yet another obstacle in their path had appeared in their attempts to leave no stone unturned, and they were ill-equipped to remove it. Without another word, he moved towards Regulus' desk and resumed searching the drawers, pushing aside items and rifling through books with unwonted vigor. There was an excellent chance that the box contained the locket, considering the charms that had blanketed it and the ring of Dark Magic that pulsed under all the protective charms, but first entry needed to be gained ( or perhaps won? ). "What else could we expect from a Death Eater? I thought he was trying to get rid of You-Know-Who's things. Guess he wasn't so helpful after all." Ron's exasperated exhale flattened tendrils of hair against her neck. A chill danced up her spine from his proximity as much as from his unsaid words. Appearances can be deceiving. A thin, sharp squeal pierced the air; Hermione dimly heard Ron and Harry's exclamations of surprise as she stared at the long-unused hinges of the box slowly turning, raising the lid, until a small, bound blue book came into view. Hermione gaped in disbelief. A bright crimson stain – her blood – wavered across the grain of the lid where she had palmed it in her moment of reverie. From what she could ascertain from the enchantment, it was spelled to be broken only by a select few. She had anticipated that a lengthy search in the Black library and some mastery of the obscure family of spells behind the enchantment would have provided her with the counter-curse. Her blood had silently done what the usual enchantments could not. She cradled her injured hand, staring at the red drops beading the scraped skin. "What is it?" Harry said, his voice eager with anticipation. "How did you unlock it?" How? Regulus – or someone – had spelled the box closed with person – specific Blood Magic. Why did it respond to me? Her lips parted, moved to form words, but she could not force sound into them. Her hands were trembling, the droplets on her injured palm coalescing and slowly trickling down her wrist in scarlet rivulets. For a moment, the richly draped walls of the room seemed to close in on her, leaving her breathless and her mind a whirlwind. What does this mean? "Hermione?" Ron asked tentatively. His blue eyes were cloudy in this dim light, but earnest, full of concern. He seemed to be undecided as to whether he should envelope her in his arms, as he had been doing of late. Hermione felt a wave of affection for Ron wash over her as he moved closer and she leaned into the solid, safe, warmth of his chest. A shadow darkened the book lying innocently within the depths of the polished wood. Harry was leaning over her, frowning, as he gazed into the box. He had not persisted in asking her how she had discovered the counter-curse, presumably deciding it must be due to her earlier wandwork. "A book?" He sounded grim. He was right to be wary, Hermione thought, trying to still the thundering of her heart. Although they remained her first love, entering the Wizarding World six years ago had taught her that books could hold more than a world of knowledge and tales of adventure. The pages could hide secrets; secrets that could strangle an unsuspecting reader in a possessive embrace, or tear the threads of a fragile soul. "Does it say anything about the locket? Reckon he found other Horcruxes too and wrote about it?" Ron wondered. Harry shrugged. "We won't know unless we can read it, or find out what it does. It could be cursed, we probably shouldn't touch it." He shivered involuntarily, and Hermione closed her eyes briefly, remembering what happened last year, during a happy trip to Hogsmeade – so long ago, before everything changed, before Dumbledore died, when her parents still knew her name and wrote to her – when the outing took a twisted turn, and Katie Bell was seized in a nearly lethal curse from the barest touch of a necklace. She opened her eyes to see the book jerking, rising choppily into the air with the movements of Ron's wand. A memory rose to the surface of Hermione's mind – it's LeviOsa, not LeviosA –and a smile tugged at her lips as she settled further into the comfort of Ron's arm. Her breathing had slowed, and her hands lay quietly in her lap, no longer shaking. She had been overreacting, naturally. This was clearly merely a side effect of reading ancient tomes on Dark Magic while she had been researching Horcruxes. If the little blue book was devoid of any information on Horcruxes, the book and box were none of her concern. She would forget the strange box and her blood, now a rusty smear, still on the lid. She had to focus on their goal, not chase red herrings. Ron twisted his wrist. The book rolled in midair, its pages fluttering. Hermione and Harry leaned closer, trying to read snatches of the neat, looping writing that crowded each page. "It's a diary," Harry pronounced. Shock struck Hermione cold. There wasn't supposed to be another diary! Ron's arm around her tensed, his grip on her shoulders becoming vise – like as he dropped his wand in astonishment. The diary dropped, slapping the floor, its pages splayed. A cloud of dust rose from the impact, shrouding the slim volume before sifting back into place, and a tiny shining circlet, which had fallen from between the leaves of the book, skittered to the floor beside the diary, spiraling drunkenly until it finally wobbled into stillness. Silence stretched between them, until it had spun so thin that Hermione feared it would snap. She cleared her throat. "There isn't supposed to be another diary and ring. Harry, did Dumbledore mention this?" Her voice was forcedly calm, but a frisson of anxiety shot through her. Dumbledore, through Harry, had not given them much information. They did not know where the cup or locket was, and the item belonging to Ravenclaw was still an utter mystery. Only two Horcruxes had been definitely destroyed. The diary had been one, but before its final scream was silenced, it had spread a miasma of fear and mistrust and had nearly claimed the lives of several victims. Destroying the Gaunt ring had simultaneously cursed Dumbledore's hand, leaving it a blackened, withered husk. They three were barely adults, had abandoned their Hogwarts education, and certainly were lacking Dumbledore's skills. The sudden prospect of neutralizing additional cursed objects were rapidly gathering thunderclouds that loomed over them. These items belonged to a known Death Eater who took cursed objects from Voldemort. Did Harry not tell us something important? Color rushed into Harry's face. "I told you everything I know," Harry said, bristling. "Dumbledore didn't say anything about Voldemort having another diary and ring. Besides, what