Hi there, everyone! How you doin'? I'm pretty nervous to be honest, since this is my first time writing fanfiction in general. But since Bellamione got me hooked this time around last year, I thought to give it a try. There are a lot of awesome Fanfictions out there, so I kind of wanted to give my own part to this fandom, since I've become pretty much a fangirl by now :D Not a native speaker, so please forgive me if there are some grammar mistakes (constructive criticism is welcome as always, of course) Rated M for Chapters in the future, just better be safe than sorry. The Idea: I know there are a lot of awesome time-travel-stories out there (especially referring to the author N. Blackman here!) but I planned to make this one a little different. I plan to have it mostly kanon (except for the cursed child, which I'll never accept as kanon :D) actually and I guess It'll become pretty long. I've researched a lot and hope I got all the dates and happenings correctly, we'll see, I guess :) So, I hope you'll be in for the ride and enjoy. Let's dig in! Disclaimer: I don't get any money out of this and obviously don't own any of the recognisable characters, the tribute goes to J. K. Rowling, the wonderful woman who gave us the Harry Potter-Universe. Chapter 1 – A story that waits to start "From the time we are born, the time we're alive Waiting for our story to start We practice all day, we practice all night But we're waiting for our story to start." Abney Park, The story that never starts. Dumbledore was dead. The proof in form of his lifeless body hit Hermione Granger's reality hard. How could this happen? It felt so surreal. Murdered by Snape, the man whom the now dead man trusted most deeply in. Only a few moments ago. To Hermione, it felt like an eternity. She fell to her knees, trembling at first, shivering soon after, as some tears made her way down her dirt covered face. Ron, who stood right next to her, patted her shoulder clumsily as they both watched Harry, walking up alone to the not-moving figure of Dumbledore, to be the first person to show his respects to the greatest wizard they would ever meet. This would mean change, and an immediate one. Hermione knew they wouldn't come back to Hogwarts next year, as they had a higher aim to fulfill. Searching for the Horcruxes and work for the greater good. The information Harry got from Dumbledore made very clear what their next goal should be. Harry hadn't spoken to Ron and her about further plans but it was just a matter of time, Hermione assumed. But little did Harry and and Ron know that Hermione also had an announcement to them, concerning her next steps in the war. They were not interfering with Harry's, almost nothing could hinder her in following her best friend in his task for the greater good. Still, there was something she had to do, what made her plans, well, a little more complex. If nothing would go wrong, she would still go with Harry, and, she strongly assumed, also Ron, on their adventurous journey in the next months. It would only not feel like it. Well, not for her. Unhandily she wiped the tears from her face, which probably just worsened the extend of the dirt-cover on her face and briefly excused herself from Ron, who still seemed to be in a haze. He only nodded slowly and started moving forward to calm his best friend, joining his little sister, whom held Harry in the moment, following countless others on their way to mourn over their loss. Hermione wanted nothing more than to grieve with her friends, to cry about the loss of the brillant wizard, headmaster and, in in some way, a friend. Even if she was never actually close to the older wizard, she again felt the tears dripping down her face. She wiped them off again, more eagerly now. She couldn't afford this behavior right now. She needed to hurry. She needed to act. Only the focus she had saved her from collapsing at the very moment. A few days later, Dumbledores funeral was held. It was a touching ceremony, as everyone, wether human or not, wanted to show their respect to the wizard. She sat with Harry and Ron, when Harry started to speak and talk with them about his plans for the next year. How he didn't want to go back to Hogwarts. *"We'll be there, Harry," said Ron. "What?" "At your aunt and uncle's house," said Ron. "And then we'll go with you wherever you're going." "No —" said Harry quickly; he had not counted on this, he had meant them to understand that he was undertaking this most dangerous journey alone. "You said to us once before," said Hermione quietly, "that there was time to turn back if we wanted to. We've had time, haven't we?* They went on, talking about Bill's and Fleur's wedding, Hermione could see the the tension in Harry's movements, a mix out of sorrow, gratefulness and so many more emotions he probably couldn't define himself. Nonetheless, after a while, Hermione started shifting and gained the attention of the two boys. The news for today weren't over. „What's wrong?" Ron asked, a little confused about this sudden change of behavior. Ron. The guy she fought the most with and whom she still cared so deeply for. „Yeah, tell us, 'Mione." Harry added. Harry, the boy without parents. The teenager without his godfather and now, without Dumbledore. The man who was like a brother to her. She would miss them so much. The young witch sighed deeply, looking both of them in the eyes variantly. „Guys…I-I have to tell you something. Something concerning me. And well, also Dumbledore." And with that she began to explain. January, 1997 *Knock knock* „Please, come in." Hermione opened the door carefully and closed it as silently as possible. She felt very uncomfortable, as she had never been in the Headmasters office alone. Much less, without knowing what he wanted AND insisting in the scribbled note she found on her pillow the day before, not to tell anybody, especially not her friends. Because of that, she excused herself from Harry and Ron for needing to go to the library earlier. Both rolled their eyes, they thought they clearly had something better to do, but didn't question her. And much less, wanted to come with her. She had counted on that. „Hello, Professor." „Hello, Miss Granger, please, sit down" He said, as he pointed at one of the comfy chairs in front of his large desk. Fawkes was sleeping peacefully in his cage, his head under one of his crimson wings. Hermione followed his invitation slowly, still very anxious, as she sat down as suggested, shifting a little. „What is it that you wanted to discuss, Professor?" At first, Dumbledore just looked at her, over his half-moon-glasses, sporting a gentle smile on his wrinkled face. For half a minute he didn't say anything, then: „Miss Granger, let me ask you a question. What do you think it is, that fuels this war?" Hermione looked puzzled at Dumbledore. As there came no further explanation, she tried to formulate an answer. „Well…Voldemort..and hatred, I guess. As it fuels every war. And the desire for power." „Very good. Hate and the desire for power. And which one do you think is the worse?" „Professor, I don't understand-" „Just think about it for a moment. You are smart, I am sure you can figure out where I am getting to." Dumbledore said, still with that gentle smile. After a brief thinking, Hermione finally answered. „Well…I would say that it is the desire for power…" Hermione said slowly. „As you can overcome hatred, but if you just have this raw…pure desire for power, there is little that can make you think differently…maybe?" She added with no little concern. Dumbledore beamed at her. „Very good, Miss Granger. I hoped you would say that." Hermione still looked at him. So confused, she could hardly be happy about the compliment she got about guessing the answer right, apparently. Dumbledore grabbed something behind his table and put a small item on the table, which glimmered slightly in the dimm candlelight of the head-office. „I am pretty sure you remember this item, don't you?" Hermiones eyes widened in disbelieve and, even more, confusion. „But..but this is..a Time-Turner?! I thought they got destroyed by the ministry." „Well, except for this one." Dumbledore chuckled. And at this moment it is not a normal Time-Turner anymore. You could say I…modified it a little. There is a form of ancient magic, little known by anyone, which can strengthen the power of some magical objects. Apparently, it also works for those." He said, while gesturing in the general direction of the enchanted object in front of him. „On the one hand, the modification strengthens the magical power of the object. To speak directly, it can now let the user travel way further into the past than a normal Time-Turner." „How far…" „Years." Hermione was utterly stunned. Her eyes grew wide at this suggestion. Observing her, Dumbledore continued. „On the other hand, it allows the traveller to move back. Meeting certain conditions." At this moment, Hermiones jar dropped. Literally. What? „But…what…impossible! How?!" Throwing every politeness in the wind, she threw the question at the Professor..remembering slowly after whom she talked to. „Professor…I am sorry, it just sounds so…incredible." She said, blushing a little. Her curiosity got the better of her. Dumbledore smiled, leaning forward a bit. „I said earlier, it was made possible due to ancient magic. There is a little known place in North-Egypt, the sanctuary of the ancient Pharaoh Djosier. One of the mightiest wizards of the oldest times. I don't know how familiar you are with the Egyptian History, but due to his abilities he became the first pharaoh of the old empire. Nonetheless, to strengthen his reign, he built three monuments, one of those is known as the ‚Sakkara'-Pyramide by the muggle-world today, the others are unknown to them, as they are gravely destructed since centuries. Still, the magical triangle is still intact, even grew stronger about the thousands of years. He protected the place well, but.."Dumbledore chuckled"…with a little effort, it was possible to find it. I also doubt Voldemort knows about this place, as he was always rather…drawn to the UK, as always, missing on so many important perspectives. „And…and at that place, there you…" „Exactly" Dumbledore nodded. „ I was able to recalculate the abilities of the Time-Turner." Hermione literally had to pinch her arm to be sure not to dream. Pyramid-magic, really? It felt like too much of a cliché. But, still… this was the wizarding world they were talking about and it was no surprise that the pyramids had actual magical power. The Time-Tuner glittered in the dim light, innocently. Hermione could do nothing but stare at the miraculous object in front of her. She would have never imagined such kind of magic possible. But this still didn't explain… Dumbledore cleared his throat to regain Hermiones attention. „So. What could we possibly do with an object like this? Do you know what could possibly be important about the year 1968? „No, Professor?" „Well…" Dumbledore said, now sighting a little." Me neither. A lot happened in this time, though. For example, our dear Arthur and Molly got married, also the wonderful singer Céline Dion was born. I don't know if you like her music, I always thought of it as quite catchy." Hermione just stared at him. „To be blunt, Miss Granger, I would like you to go visit that said year." If she wouldn't have been seated in the moment, she surely would have been fallen to the