The Monster Within I wish I could say Bella and I lived happily ever after. I'd love to say that we raised our child in peace and that's where our supernatural fairy tale ends. But … Vampires are selfish by nature, if someone or something catches our eye we must obtain it. I'd been masking my desires for months now. I've a new hunger, it attacked me at night. It all began at the first sight of her copper flesh. One night Jasper and I went out, just the two of us, to hunt and we inadvertently stumbled back onto familiar territory. I wasn't in my right mind. I had allowed myself to be consumed by all things vicious and carnal. It was then that I laid my eyes upon her. She'd just transformed from beast back to her human form. She was such a glorious form, her curves where much more "womanly" than my wife's. She had curves and dips my hands itched to touch, and since I wasn't in my right mind I stalked her with aggression. She turned to face me and her eyes were bright with horror. I quickly pinned her body to a nearby tree and hitched her leg to my hip. I clenched both of her wrists over her head with one of my hands. I hissed my satisfaction at making her helpless. The nude, female shifter was too exhausted to phase back, and all of her attempts to fight for release where lame and a waste of time. "Get off ME!" She screamed as she tried to pivot her hips and push me away from her. I derived a sick sort of pleasure knowing that she was vulnerable and defenseless. The more she squirmed, whimpered, and screamed, the tighter I held her in my snare. "GET OFF ME YOU FUCKING LEECH!" She began to sob, "Please." After a few moments she gave up her struggle. She knew that there was nothing she could do to stop me from devouring her. However, when she stopped struggling, for some reason I was left empty. I didn't want her numb, I wanted her alive and trashing. After a moment I felt as my brother ripped Leah and me apart. I fell back to the ground and watched as Leah slumped down where she had been standing, covered her face, and began to sob uncontrollably. I watched as my brother tended to her, offering her his shirt. Jasper gaped back at me in disbelief. What the hell were you thinking? he thought, clear as day. I shook my head. I wanted to have a logical answer but there was none. Even now that my rage had subsided I waited for a revelation, or at least guilt over what I had done, to kick in. I felt nothing, no remorse only confusion. The sick thing was the hunger that now dwelled in me. Simple love-making was no longer enough. Although I knew I still loved my wife I didn't feel it the same way I once had. The hunger attacked the pit of my stomach. It was creating a new monster within me that didn't like being contained, it was selfish, vicious, perverted, and it wanted Leah desperately. For over a month I've avoided Charlie's house. Sue and her children had moved in a couple weeks back. I couldn't even take my own daughter to see her grandfather for fear Leah would be there. Bella was beginning to feel the distance and see the change within me. "What's wrong Edward? What can I do to change your mood?" Bella asked me one night as she attempted to seduce me. I wanted to tell her the truth. To alter my mood she'd have to become someone else and she'd have to let me attack her. Oh the naughty thoughts that consumed my brain, all of them surrounding my temptress and my desire to fuck her senseless. I lied to my wife. I bedded her roughly until sunrise but I was still not satisfied. This had become the cycle of my life, I'd become bitter and I hated the she-wolf because of it. The haunting memory of her flesh, her curves, had ruined my happily ever after. My goal was to never see her again. However, I knew that goal was impossible. Our families were now connected and it was only a matter of time before our paths crossed again. My daughter had grown fond of Leah. Luckily, she was a mature enough woman not to shun my daughter on the basis of my stupid, impulsive actions. The simple fact that Renesmee enjoyed Leah's company had landed me in my current situation. Bella was supposed to have picked Renesmee up, but she and Alice were running late, doing whatever it was they do. Night had fallen and I was about to knock on Charlie's door and I knew Leah was inside. I reached to rap my knuckles on the door when it swung open. There stood my temptress. The mere sight of her reawakened the monster and it infuriated and excited him at the same time. She was alarmed by my presence; she'd obviously been expecting Bella. Immediately our last encounter ran through her mind. She stepped to the side and allowed me into the house. The living room lights were off and my daughter lay sleeping on the couch while the credits of some movie played. Leah grabbed the two large plastic bowls off the floor. As she bent over I surveyed her, she was wearing an extremely oversized button up flannel shirt, with a white tank underneath, and very, very short grey shorts. As I viewed her I imagined the buttons ripping off and falling to the floor. She strolled into the kitchen trying her best to ignore me. In her mind she was calling me every profanity under the sun. This was my opportunity to make it right, to defeat my inner monster, and get Leah to forgive me for being a perverted cad. I entered the kitchen behind her; she had her back toward me as she placed the bowls in the sink and gripped the edge of the counter. She refused to turn around and acknowledge my presence. I decided that I was going to have to speak eventually if my plan was going to work at all. "Thank you for taking care of Renesmee," I said, trying to sound pleasant, likable even. She still said nothing. She was trying to control her temper. She didn't want to phase, she remembered what had happened last time. She couldn't afford to not have enough strength to fight me. Seeing myself through her eyes, my mouth was blood stained and my eyes were as black as coal. It was me at my darkest; no wonder she wanted no part of me. She still wasn't sure what I wanted from her that night, I wasn't either. Did I want to kill her, rape her, or both? "I'm sorry… about that night." I willed myself to mean it, but the monster in me disagreed. He wanted to pick up where we'd left off. She began to shake all over and she sniffled slightly. Was she crying? "Take your daughter and get the fuck away from me!" She whispered her words, but they were hard and nasty. I turned to leave but the monster in me was aroused by her vicious tongue and her hatred for me. I approached her quickly and forced her to turn around and face me. I had her pinned to the sink. I covered her mouth so she wouldn't scream. My monster was very, very much pleased. I held her tighter and her muffled screams and resistance only served to gratify him further. "Listen to me! I'm not going to hurt you, I only want to talk. I want to be honest with you and myself. I'm NOT sorry, but I really want to be. I-" I was at a loss for words. "I want to make you scream. I want to make you squirm and fill your pretty brown eyes with tears while I fuck you harder than you can imagine. I want to hear you beg… beg me for more or to stop, I really don't care. I want you naked and I want to claim you as my own. I really wish I didn't want all this, but I do." Leah stared at me in shock; it was a lot to process. I felt some sort of sick release, revealing my darker side to her. I removed my hand from her mouth because she was too baffled to scream. She blinked a couple of times and then she slapped me. Oh, how the monster loved that. "Get. The. Fuck. Off. Me." She squirmed. God, I wished she hadn't done that, the more she moved the more aroused I became. "Get off! Get OFF!" "Stop! Shut up or I will fuck you right here where we stand." I shook her forcefully and then held her tightly to me. "I don't want to hurt you. I don't want to want to hurt you." I grabbed and squeezed her behind and groaned in her ear. "Oh God, you've gone crazy!" She whispered in horror. She placed her hands on my shoulders and decided on a new tactic. "Look, you are not yourself, you don't know what you're saying, and I forgive you. Just go grab your daughter and go home." She was talking gently as if trying to soothe a dangerous animal. Even the thoughts of my sweet, innocent Renesmee weren't enough to make my my hunger subside. "I can't live like this. I've decided I must have you, Leah, and I can't deny this need to be inside you." I forcefully ripped her flannel shirt apart and the sound of the buttons hitting the floor was as sweet as I'd imagined, I closed my eyes and savored the sound. "Edward please… listen to reason." I moved my hands from her bottom and allowed my hands to cup her breasts. "I told you I love the sound of you begging, Leah, it becomes you. It only makes me want this more." I ducked my hands under her shirt and she frantically started trying to stop my hands' endeavor to explore her body. "Please, no Please," she whimpered as my hands reached their desired goal. I pulled down the cups of her bra and allowed my cold fingers to stroke her nipples and cause them to pucker and harden. "Stop, what about Renesmee? Would you want someone to do this to her?" That statement rang through my head;, it cooled the beast momentarily. It was enough of a distraction for Leah to rush into the living room and wake my daughter and ruin our fun. I quickly exited the house. I couldn't let my child see me in my current state. I was a crazy, horny mess. The monster in me was now angered and confused. My marital bed had now been replaced four times due to vigorous use. I can't remember the last time Bella and I "made love". I didn't know if she realized the difference in our activities, I wasn't sure if she cared. I only knew that when I entered her, and during our union I kept my eyes sealed shut and imagined she was my temptress. I imagined ruining her. I'd even gone as far as to move Bella's and my activities outside few times to try to recreate that moment. It wasn't what I wanted and the monster was not fooled or pleased with my attempt at trickery. I'd come to the conclusion that I was meant to miserable forever. My days became dry and I was becoming numb. I could barely respond to my own child. I was falling into the same depression I'd been in before I met Bella. The next time I was placed in hell, aka