Muddied Waters Introduction The world is a very interesting place. You might think that everything you see is exactly as it appears, but it's not. There used to be a thick solid line between the normal and the 'abnormal' but now that line is rapidly disappearing and leaving us with nothing but muddied waters. My story started long ago, with Nahuel and his sisters. They were born half-human and half vampire. Much later, my mother was born of the same species. She fell in love with my father, the shape shifter - something often confused with werewolves. They had me. My name is William Edward Black. I am the son of Renesmee and Jacob Black. My blood is so diluted with different supernatural things that they do not know how to classify me, but I am not alone. There are others just like me. Before I was born, Neah (Pire) and Nathaniel were cursed with the same lack of classification. They're the children of Leah and Nahuel Cullen. Their mother is the first ever female to be a shape shifter. In addition, she is the only shape shifter to survive being injected with vampire venom. So of course, her daughter has to be something special. We have been joined by Endora and her younger brother Simon. They are the children of Seth and Shelly Clearwater. Simon is 14 now, Endora is 16, Neah and Nathaniel are 21, and I am 17. Due to all of our supernatural makeup, we've all grown up much faster than normal kids, maturing well before our teens. All of the members of my generation have the ability to shape shift, except for Endora. One thing that makes Neah so special is that she began phasing shortly after her first birthday, much earlier than the rest of us, although Nate followed not long after her. Simon began phasing when he was eleven. The fever caught me when I was 8 and I have lived for the rush ever since. Since Pire was the first to phase she obviously was first choice for the alpha position. When I finally phased she asked me if I wanted the title and I told her no, I was happy following her lead. We all thought it was a little weird that we could not join Jacob's pack, but were to form our own. We have all inherited special abilities from our parents or grandparents. For example, both Neah and Nate carry venom and have the ability to move objects with their minds. Endora and Simon have some magical talents; Endora likes to cast spells that she calls poetry, and Simon dabbles in potion making. Simon hates when we call him a Warlock, but it's kind of what he is. I can actually read people's minds. My ability works similar to a radio; sometimes it is clearer than others – depending on the time and the place. Anyway, here we are in this big family of abnormal beings pretending to be normal and I love it. For me, having the ability to hear what people were thinking, has given me the ability to help people. It also made pleasing people a lot easier; knowing what they really want. The power has also given the ability to ruin a good friendship. Matter of fact, the only person that I have not been able to please by listening in on her was Pire, or rather 'Neah'. When we were younger, Neah and I were really close. She thought that my "power" was funny, and we had a lot of fun together. She was a no-holds-barred trouble maker.She would play little tricks on people, moving things with her mind; and I would creep people out by saying what they were thinking before they said it. My power was actually the cause for the breakdown of my relationship with Neah. I remember the day that forever changed our relationship, it was a couple weeks after I turned 14 and she was 18. She was in the garage tinkering with a classic Camaro that she had gotten from a junk yard. She was determined to fix it up and drive it. Older cars have been her obsession ever since she was six. We blame Rose, who's been very attached to Neah her whole life. Esme and Carlisle had bought her a brand new Lexus on her seventeenth birthday but she really was not interested in driving it. She was polite and appreciative, but I could read her mind. It's cute, she thought, trying to be positive, but it is definitely not me. Do they know me at all ? Later that night I found a way to let them know that they had made the wrong choice. So her next birthday they took her to the junk yard and she found the Camaro and has been working on it ever since. Normally, I would have been in the garage with Neah and Rose, lending as much of a hand as they would allow, or heckling Neah. However, this time she had banned me from the garage. She claimed she had something she needed to talk to Aunt Rose about. Even though I thought she was full of it, I honored her wishes… for a while. I decided to lure her out of her cave, so I had gone and rented a movie that we both loved. Determined to find a way to annoy her so she'd give up on tinkering and join me, I went the garage's side door and paused to eavesdrop but there was nothing to hear because Rose was MIA. "Hey, Rose, will you help me lift the engine. I want to look at it and see if we need to replace it all together." She said, thinking that I was Rosalie coming back into the garage. I remained silent trying to think of the best way to use this opportunity to my advantage to scare her. "Fine, I'll do it myself. Everything is already disconnected anyway. How long do you think it will take to get a new engine here?" I remained quiet, and she continued to talk. "Oh, I love this song! Will you turn it up?" she requested, as she effortlessly lifted the engine from the car. I was surprised she didn't just use her mind to lift it. I raised the volume on her stereo as she wished. She sighed as she placed the engine on the worktable; the strain caused her to press the palms of her hands the small of her back. It was the first time that I had really taken the time to notice Pire's figure. She was fit; slender, yet shapely, just like her mother, but her curly black hair and teak eyes placed her in a league all of her own. She was beautiful. She sniffed the air, noticing my scent, and then finally turned her head in my direction. "You're not Rose," she laughed. "That I am not" I grinned, crossing the garage to stand beside her. That statement was a little redundant. She rolled her eyes at the thought. "You know, the least you could've done was help me lift the engine." She accused, with narrowed her eyes. "No, I did the least I could do, which was nothing." I countered. "Ha-ha. Is that anyway to talk to your alpha?" She asked. Doesn't that title mean I'm supposed to get respect and loyalty? "I feel I have the right to make a few wise cracks, being that I am your beta and all. Your mom is my dad's beta and she makes them all the time. It's more like an obligation really." I observed, playing with the screwdriver on the bench. "You are actually lucky you turned around when you did, I was planning to scare you." I waved my fingers in the air for emphasis. She laughed silently and continued working on the engine. Why can't I look at him, he is making me a little uneasy. She thought and I noticed that she was focusing just a little too hard on the engine. Her thought threw me off. I had to pause to decipher its meaning; why would she be thinking that? "Scare me? Do you really think you have it in you?" she smirked. Will is truly out of his mind if he thinks he'll be able to scare me. Who does he think I am, Endora? Honestly, he probably doesn't even scare her, she just lets him think that because she has such a huge crush on him. She grew tense as these thoughts ran through her mind. She reached to pick up a tool and dropped it on the floor. Crap now he is going to think I am clumsy . I was shocked by this thought, too. Since when did Pire care what I thought of her behavior? I scrambled to say something before she realized I was listening to her thoughts, since they seemed private, she probably wanted to believe her thoughts were her own. "Yeah, I just wasn't sure which magic trick I was going to pull out of my bag." I hedged. He is kind of funny, I guess it makes sense that Endora likes him in that way, I wonder if he feels the same? A weird twinge of pain and dread went through her again. "So you were going to scare me but you didn't even know what you were going to do? Oh no. I better watch out. One day you may actually scare me to death or something." She emoted melodramatically; laughing so hard tears came to her eyes. She was laughing, but I was focusing on the feelings her thoughts contained. Those I couldn't ignore. Her thoughts were tinted with mixture of confusion, lust, and denial. To compose herself, she took a deep breath and backed away from me. I stepped towards her; she now intrigued me. I was eager to know what she would think next. "Yeah." I said, to her previous statement. I had to think for a minute to remember what we were actually talking about. I could not believe that the dynamic in our friendship had changed this way in the course of one day, in the course of one conversation. Neah had never been one of those girlie girls who was likely to be crushing on guys, it was almost like if she were ever to end up with someone it would be by accident. "So what were you going to do? Try to attack me while I wasn't looking? My reflexes are a little too quick for that to work." She frowned; actually giving it some thought. "I don't know. You thought I was Rosalie, so anything is possible." "I wasn't even looking at you, and I was expecting her to come back." She rolled her eyes. One small slip and I will never live it down . "Well I know that we certainly don't smell alike. My scent didn't throw you?" I waved my arm in the air, playing around, and she rolled her eyes once more. You do smell pretty amazing. Kind of like hazelnut. . . no it's more like a nutmeg scent, what am I saying? This is crazy! Note to self; kill Endora, soon! The things she says are the only reason that I am envisioning him in this way. It's so twisted, and he is still a baby for crying out loud! "How can you like this 'hip hop' stuff anyway? It sounds like a bunch of noise, and is so demeaning!" I said, turning my attention back to the stereo. I was hoping to throw off her train of thought. I was not a baby, for one thing; I looked as old as she did. I would need to really spend some time thinking about my feelings towards her tonight. I always saw Neah as someone that would be in my life forever. There