Various Emotions Shared Between Leah & Edward Part One: Bitterness I had been stained red; my hands, my mouth, and my teeth. I could taste our memories and my loss. She was so stubborn. She wanted this… this was suicide that's what this was. Her lifeless body, that I had tried so desperately to save, lay there limp on the cold operating table. The soft gargles, the attempts at breathing our child fought to take still lingered in my ears. The child she'd been so determined to save. The tiny, young one's life ended, almost as soon as it had started. She wasn't strong enough. I had felt her heartbeat stop. They had left me alone. Abandoned. My hands stained by their blood. Wandering outside, away from the horrific scene I had caused, I wanted to be ripped to shreds, to exist no longer. At some point, I don't know when, I dropped to my knees; frozen by too much loss. Figures and shadows surrounded me, trying to revive me from the haze of sorrow, but I was too far gone. Day blended into night multiple times and still I sat like a statue on my knees in the dirt, begging the heavens above to show some mercy on my soulless being. For a moment I saw the sun and moon at the same time. Then a shadow covered me. I assumed it was another member of my coven trying to revive me. But it wasn't. It was my enemy masking herself in the form of an angel. She wore a white tank top and denim shorts. She kneeled in front of me and pulled something from her pack pocket. She reached out and took one of my hands in hers. She wiped my hands clean, one by one. As she wiped my face she wore a serious grimace. I knew someone must've volunteered her for this task. The monster in me cringed at her out–of-character behavior. Leah was right to hate our kind. "Why?" It was the first time I'd spoken in a while. The heat of her breath caused me to realize how thirsty I was. "Because you… are me." My eyes flashed to hers in confusion. "Wow, that sounded really stupid. What I mean is, I can relate to what you are going through. I have suffered a couple of losses, too." I squeezed my eyes shut. I knew she wasn't comparing her little breakup with Sam to this. "A break up is far less painful than mourning the dead, Leah." She glared at me as if I were dumb as a doorknob. "Yeah, I lost Sam, but that's not what I was talking about. The monster in me caused the death of my father. Just the sight of me stopped his heart. I carry that with me every day. Not only that; there's something that nobody knows about the life this monster, my monster took from me. I was almost five months pregnant when I phased for the first time, when I phased back I was no longer pregnant. I reached between my thighs and I was left with stained hands, just like yours. My monster thought me unworthy of being a mother, the one thing that I wanted more than anything. She looked down at her stomach and held her now empty womb. "My monster left me barren and I hate it!" Her hands began to shake. "I hate it SO MUCH!" I gazed into her watery, enraged eyes and realized her statement made perfect sense. I felt for her because I am her. "You are me," I repeated. I smirked at the revelation, the action in itself felt foreign. "I actually may be worse," she chucked darkly as she unbuttoned my blood stained shirt and revealed my white under shirt, now our outfits matched. "I doubt it." "You'd be wrong," she mumbled and then rose to her feet. "Isn't it worse that to this day Sam doesn't know about our baby?" I frowned and shook my head in disbelief. "What about the whole wolf mind-link thing?" I asked and she avoided my gaze with her eyes. "There are ways to avoid thinking of things, Edward. Actually, you are the first person I've told." She shrugged like it wasn't a big deal. "Why?" Why had she trusted me with this personal information? "I've seen you here, frozen for the past week. I decided it was time for you to rejoin the land of the living… well, the land of the existing, at least." I snorted through my nose at her remark. She made it seem like it was so easy. She was the only one I knew that had gone through something so similar. Maybe I should trust her. If she could get through it, so could I. Or maybe she was just setting me up for failure. I grunted and turned my face away from her. "I'm going to tell you like everyone has told me, even though I don't fully agree with it. They told me to stop harping on the past. You can't freeze the pain. You have to deal with it. You are sitting here stewing in your depression and bitterness, and you're missing things that you're really going to regret, like Bella's funeral. Sobbing tearless sobs I croaked, "Her… funeral?" "Yes, her funeral." Leah offered me her hand, her olive branch, a lifeline and for some reason I was compelled to take it. Leah led me straight to my unfinished business. We stood in front of the tombstone belonging to Isabella Swan, my Bella. I hesitantly reached out and touched the cold marble. Not sure what I was expecting from the cold, stone monument; maybe some sort of connection to the woman who now rested six feet below it, I was left with nothing. "Nothing," I whispered. Leah had been standing behind me. She moved closer and finally stood at my side. "I'm not trying to be unfeeling, but this is only a memorial. Bella's spirit is not connected to this stone or this piece of land. She probably dwells inside of you, loving you and watching over you. I just thought coming here would be fitting; a good place for you to say your final goodbyes." I nodded, understanding Leah's intention, however I kind of felt it was way too soon. I took a deep breath and allowed memories of Bella to rush through my head. I remembered her shyness, selflessness, and her love of me. I had a clear vivid picture of her hand in mine, she had trusted me, and I had failed her. I had killed such an innocent spirit. "Bella," I whispered. "You left me. You left me." Out of the corner of my eye I noticed Leah slipping away into the night. Deep down I wished she had stayed. I knew she was trying to give me my privacy and respect my final moment; but I needed a support, that lifeline she'd held out earlier. I looked back on Bella's resting place and then closed my eyes wishing this was all a dream. Unfortunately I hadn't slept, nor had I dreamed in over century, and this moment was real. There was no escaping this pain. "I have to say goodbye, my love, but I really… I just don't how I'm going to live without you in my world." 3 Months Later … Part Two: Playfulness "I can't believe you talked me into this!" Leah grumbled behind me. She was pretending she couldn't keep up because she was still sore that I'd won our little wager. She really should have known better than to try to gamble with someone who can read minds. "I won the bet, Leah. Fair is fair." I reminded her. Leah huffed and groaned. "Yeah, yeah, I know how I got myself into this mess," she grumbled. "Why didn't you ask Seth? He's like in love with you." I chuckled. Her brother's attraction to me was more than a little weird. "I don't want to see Seth naked in his mind's eye." I shook off the thought. "So, you want to see me naked? Edward, that makes no sense." Leah raised both her eyebrows and looked a bit confused and shocked at the same time. "Oh dear, naïve she-wolf, I've already seen you naked!" The expression on her face had me laughing pretty hard. Her mind mirrored the look on her face. What the hell? "Bull shit!" She waited for me to tell her I was joking, but she wouldn't get that response if she wished to hear the truth. I shook my head, grinning, and her eyes became wider and wilder. "You perve!" She caught up to me that fast just so she could hit me. "When?" She shoved my shoulder. "No need for the outrage Leah, it's not like I could help it." I shrugged and gave her my 'pity me I have this invasive gift that I don't really want' look. She glared at me for a moment and then shoved me again. "We've had this conversation before! You can hear other's thoughts, but you don't have to focus in on them, I.E. you didn't have to focus on me being naked!" I chuckled. Since the day Leah rescued me from myself, she'd been the only entity I could really relate to. She was also the only person who could make me feel light and laugh, but that was mainly because she was so outrageous. Plus, she was the only one who could snap me out of my funks. "So answer my question Edward!" She planted herself directly in front of me and continued demanding an answer. "When were you peeping in on me?" I groaned, and shuffled the dirt beneath my shoe. I didn't know why she was dwelling on this it was such a non issue. I gave her question some thought revisited the times I'd seen her undress. "Well, actually I've seen you a few times. When you use the shower at our house I can see you very clearly buddy, all of you, in living HD." I burst into laughter and if I could I would have shed tears I was laughing so hard. "Edward!" She lifted her hands to put them on me again, but I caught them in mine and stopped her. She was such a feisty thing; whenever she didn't get her way she felt the need to hit me. It was a sometimes cute, but also annoying, feature to hanging out with the she-wolf. "Leah!" I mimicked her tone and we both laughed. "So are you going to turn, or what?" "Uh, I don't turn, I phase. And I don't think I should now because you've revealed yourself to be a sneaky Peeping Tom," she huffed and rolled her eyes at me and folded her arms across her chest. "Regardless of what I am, I won the bet! Don't be an Indian giver!" Her eyes and mouth widened in shock of my statement. "Did you really just say that?" She gasped loudly and then she began to mumble to herself as she stalked away from me. "Now I know I'm not doing anything… 'Indian giver!' This leech is out of his mind if he thinks he can just say whatever he wants to." "Do it, or I'll take you hunting!" I threatened and she snapped around to face me with her rage. She'd gone with me once before and she ended up barfing behind some bushes. "You will not, and if you lift me like you did last time I'll…" "You'll what? I'm more than intrigued, Leah. What will you do to the likes of me?" After a brief standoff- we were both stubborn and stuck in our ways- it took a moment for either of us to cave. I usually ended up getting my way. After a moment of staring at me with narrowed eyes and her hands on