I Will Stay With You Author's Note: I decided to write certain parts of "Untitled" from Nahuel's POV, I don't know if this is going to amount to a full story, it's just something I was dying to start, I still plan to finish "Untitled". . . I have at least three more chapters left for that story. Summary: No matter how I came to feel this way of one thing, I am sure, I belong with you and with you I will stay. Excerpts (Chapter 1 and 2) I knocked on their door. I was already experiencing new emotions I wasn't accustom to. I tried to decipher the emotion I was feeling, just as I concluded. "I'm nervous," I whispered in awe of the revelation. The door opened and Bella greeted me. "Hey Nahuel, welcome!" She smiled at me briefly. "Thank you, Bella." I said as I entered their house, this house, just like their old one was huge in comparison to anywhere I had lived. Loud uneven steps tore my attention from the house's structure and all its ambiences, and placed it on the girl who was now right in front of me. She stared at me wide eyed; the intense fiery passion that consumed them almost put me into a trance, or maybe it was their unusual color they were dark most people, more specifically humans, would have simply considered the black but I could see traces of silver like grey in them. Once I finally freed myself from their deviant spell I notice the expression she wore upon her face, the poor girl seemed terrified by something. It couldn't be by my presence I was only half of the monster, most of the Cullens were. "Hello, I'm Nahuel, a pleasure to make you acquaintance," I offered her my hand to put her at ease, she barely came close enough to take it, her hand was warm, it would probably be considered hot to the normal human, but to me it only felt as if she held a slight fever. "Leah, nice to meet you." It sounded as if she had been forced to speak the words; it was as if she choked on each word before she spoke them. It took a moment for her to retract her hand, it made no matter to me, the feel of her touch was unexpectedly enjoyable, she seemed so soft and delicate. The door closed and Bella cleared her throat, the noise threw me, I couldn't understand how Bella could possibly retain the ability to become choked up. In all of my years of living with my Aunt, she never once made that noise. "Nahuel, where's you Aunt?" Bella asked as she made her way to the couch to sit. "She decided to come at a later time." I lied; my Aunt had decided to stay in Brazil with my sisters. She had grown accustom to the way we lived and was not willing to change. I was actually glad about her decision; I wanted to have this experience alone. I knew my Aunt loved me she just had the tendency to be overwhelming. The thought of coming all this way to pursue someone and constantly being monitored didn't appeal to me. "Where is Renesmee?" I asked and the nervous feeling that I had before resumed its attack on my stomach. Within seconds, Renesmee appeared in front of me. "Nahuel!" She hugged me for a moment, "It feels like it's been a lifetime." Her warm brown eyes smiled at me. "It looks as if it has." I said joking with her about her adult form. She was beautiful, the perfect blend of both of her parents. The rich warm brown eyes and the gorgeous thick curly bronze hair that she now wore in a tied up allowed me to focus in on all of the elements of her face "You look as breathtaking as I imagined." I complemented her. "Thank you," she smiled at me, "how's your family?" As we conversed, I heard the other young woman as she left the room, it was weird I could almost feel her absence, it made the room seem colder. My focus was momentarily drawn to the area where she had been standing. The way her eyes searched me played over again in my mind. "Are you okay, you're frowning?" "What? Oh, yes my family, they are well and they send their regards." I said as I followed Renesmee to the couch and sat beside her. After Bella and Renesemee showed me to my room, I took a brief moment to put away my things. I took enough time to put every away by hand, I wanted to blend in as much as they did. I knew if I used my "gift" once that it would be hard to quit again, I had successfully gone a month without it and planned to tell no one about it. In honesty, it can be inconvenient especially since I was not very good at judging distance or my strength. I took a moment to study all of the technology they consumed, I personally preferred physical books, there is something about when you hold a book in your hand a certain attachment or connection is made with the book. Adjusting to the computer among other things would be a challenge. "It's not as hard as you think." Edward said entering the room, throwing me off guard. "The internet is a very powerful and wonderful tool." I nodded for lack of anything to say in regards to the topic, I was glad he didn't try to question me about my thoughts on my talent because it really would be a non-issue while I was in their home. "Welcome by the way," Edward, said as if it were an after thought. "Thank you." Talking to him made me a little uneasy, I was afraid I would think something improper about his daughter. He laughed unexpectedly. "I will admit I was a little put off know your reasons for coming here, but in light of recent developments, I feel you presence is well . . . necessary." He smirked and went to leave me to my thoughts. "Necessary?" his statement was not at all, what I had expected. Most parents would not take kindly to someone coming to court there seven year old daughter, when I thought about I was even a little put off by my intentions, but I could ignore that sensation because I knew how I felt when I was that age, in all the ways that mattered I was a man. "Esme is preparing dinner soon, if you are interested, if your taste buds are anything like Ren's only certain human foods appeal to you." Edward said before finally exiting my room. It had been a while since I had eaten human food that the thought actually appealed to me. As I came down the stairs, I heard Esme ask a random question. "Steak or Chicken." She asked. "Is that even a question? Steak always . . . medium rare." The now familiar voice laughed. Her voice had soothing qualities to me; I found myself extremly relaxed. "Steak actually appeals to my taste buds also, but only if it is rare." I laughed and then looked at her, I expected her to make eye contact, but instead she looked down at the floor, which was weird behavior most people would have at least acknowledged my presence due to alluring qualities that vampires have, but it would make sense that she would be immune to it. I couldn't understand why I actually felt . . . disappointed that she hadn't looked my way. "I'm sorry I forgot to ask you Nahuel, would you like dinner?" Esme smiled at me and her whole face lit up. "That would be lovely, thank you Esme." I was floored by the hospitality everyone had offered me. I had only been here a couple of hours and they were treating me as if I had been living with them all along. The girl laughed unexpectedly or maybe it had been something I said I went back over my words to make sure I had use them correctly, English was not my first language but I had been using for over a quarter of my life. The girl went to move away from me and I accidentally pulled her towards me, I was surprised she still refused to look at me; most people would have looked around and thought they would have lost their mind. I quickly released her and hoped that she didn't realize what I had done. "Can I help Esme?" She said as she stepped toward the counter where the steaks were located. "Yes Leah" Esme looked at the girl she was truly touched by her sentiment, she looked around and found her something to do, "you can prepare a couple of side dishes, whatever you and the boys like." The girl moved even further away from me and for some reason I was drawn to her, I watched her face she decided on what to take from the refrigerator, a small strand of hair dangled in her face making hard for me to fully capture her full image. It was weird, I knew I wanted to see her but I couldn't land a reason as to why, maybe it was the way she frowned at the corn then laughed. "Does the corn amuse you?" I asked and she snapped her head in my direction. Her dark grey eyes stared into mine once more, but it was different than before, she was closer. I felt intrigued by something about her. "If it does amuse you, how does it do so, I seen no entertaining qualities." I lifted the ear of corn; I couldn't believe I had tried to engage in small talk that revolved around corn. "Huh, oh I was just remembering something." She moved that strand behind her ear and it curled perfectly behind it, drawing my attention to neck and her skin in general, which would be tempting . . . to other men besides myself. "Sorry." I searched for her eyes again and she gave them over willingly. I stared into them so long that I felt they had hypnotized me, "I didn't . . . mean to . . .," she laughed at me once more; she had to think she was conversing with an idiot. I looked at the corn once more, simply to break the trance she was trying to put me under, I tried to decipher why this girl I had know for less than a day had captured my attention as she had. I concluded that I just wanted everyone in the house to like me and feel comfortable around me, but her actions were so difficult to read that she had me captivated. "You laugh at the most unexpected times." I now stood beside her and assisted her in preparing her side dish. She stood beside me silently, even though she was quiet this action, being around her seem comfortable, as if I had been doing it forever. After we worked together for a while, I noticed she was smiling. "You are smiling again?" I said she looked up and smiled directly at me for the first time, I noticed how beautiful not only her eyes were but her whole face. She was not a normal beauty though there was something exotic about her, her almond shaped eyes, paired with high cheekbones, and her lips. "Yeah, I guess I am." She said as she looked down and smiled harder, I was glad she had because I didn't want her to feel uncomfortable by my staring, and I couldn't help but stare at her. "You look best this way. No need to feel ashamed, you should be happy al . . ." I then noticed Renesmee entered the room, and my