Well hello lovelies! I'm back pretty quick! Here's another to feed ya'lls hunger for the sexy Jacob Black. Rated M for language and sexuality. Bella/Jacob It had been decided. I would be nowhere near the vicinity of the battle. Edward and the Cullens would be there. The pack would be there. It had also been decided that I would be staying on the res. With Jacob... Alone... For two whole days. Alice's visions were getting murky and she didn't want to take a chance that something else could happen. Right now I was packing my bag at Charlie's and Edward would be over soon to say goodbye. He wasn't too happy that I would be staying at Jake's. It especially got worse after a particular dream I had a few weeks ago. I woke up in a sweat, my heart racing a million miles a second. I glanced around my room until my eyes landed on Edward sitting in my rocking chair, still as a statue; his face set in hard lines. When I shifted in bed, I felt the moisture in my underwear and knew that he had to have known who I was dreaming about. So there I was, wet as fuck, with my super smelling vampire boyfriend in the room with me. I'm not exactly well known for keeping my mouth shut when I slept. Of course I played it dumb but he and I both know who I was dreaming about. Jacob. Fuck. I caught myself in a daze, my folded clothes still in my hands. Right, I was packing. Because I was staying away from the battle; where my boyfriend was going to be fighting for me. I literally could not stop myself from thinking about Jacob in the dream. In real life, he was happy-go-lucky, bright with an infectious smile and good heart. In my dream, he was dark and sexy and confident with his touch, his lips, his hands... Shit I am in so much trouble. A noise broke me out of my thoughts and my eyes flew to the window. Edward was perched on the ledge, his hair slightly damp from the drizzle that seemed to drown the day. "Are you sure you'll be okay at the reservation?" I looked into Edward's eyes and saw the uneasiness that reflected there. "I'll be fine, Edward. You know that's the safest place for me while all of this goes on." He sighed heavily and took me in his arms, holding me against his hard body. He pulled back to kiss me and for the first time ever, he kissed me hard. It was the kind of kiss that you knew wasn't right. He was struggling with himself as if he was trying to prove something. The desperation to give me a little something of what I wanted before didn't go unnoticed. I pushed away from him and saw the rejection in his eyes. "I'm sorry Edward... but I gotta go. Charlie's waiting for me to say bye." I said, leaving him in my room. _ It was from my understanding that Charlie thought I would be staying on the Res to help Billy and Jake out with some spring cleaning. I think he was just glad that I was spending time with Jake and not Edward. I went downstairs to say bye to Charlie and head out in my truck. I couldn't have Edward drive me without Charlie thinking I was changing my mind. "Hey dad, I'm leaving. Are you going to be okay for a couple days by yourself?" I teased. "I'm not gonna keel over while you're gone, Bells. Besides, who said I'm not gonna head down to Billy's for some dinner tonight?" I stopped and looked at him but the grin gave him away. He knew I knew that he had to work double shifts the next few days so he wouldn't be coming down to Billy's. We hugged awkwardly as he walked me out to my truck. "Love you Bells." I turned back to look at him and smiled. He was never one to express his feelings. "Love you too, dad." _ On the drive to the Res, I couldn't help but think about that dream again. It was so real- everything from the touches to the heat that radiated from his body that warmed my bones. That warmth was intoxicating. He was intoxicating. Why was I thinking about Jacob so much so often now? I don't even remember when it started. I just remember one day, when we were having our Jake & Bells day, I looked at him and something stirred in me. He was bent over the engine of my truck, checking the oil and the muscles in his arms and back strained as he moved and it was like my mind was in slow motion. I was noticing him for the first time and it was the strangest feeling. I mean, I didn't know the statistic of being attracted to your best friend but I scared as hell to fall into that category. I was finally brought out of my musings as I reached Jacob's red house. Seeing it there nestled in the woods made me feel more at home than ever before. The sense of peace and clarity that washed over me felt the realist I've ever felt, even more so than when I was with Edward. And that scared me more than anything. It was like there was no battle taking place and I was just there because I belonged there. Taking a big breath, I stepped out onto the mushy gravel, already met with Jacob's hands to help me with my bags. "Bells! We've been waiting for you to get here. Dad and I made some dinner for your arrival." "How's the house still standing then?" I grinned, looking up at him. His smile was so bright on this dull day and I swear I could breathe better. "Come on, I'll get your bags for you." He scooped up my two bags and grabbed my hand, walking me inside. Dinner was great. The delicious food along with Billy's good natured jokes and stories kept me laughing and distracted. Almost distracted enough. The battle hadn't started yet. The pack was leaving around midnight to head to the field. Edward would send me a text when they were all there. Jacob helped me set up in Rachel's old room where he had recently updated the furniture over the past few years. Inside now held a queen sized bed, no doubt to keep the pack comfortable whenever someone had to crash here. "Alright Bells, I gotta go meet the pack real quick and have a pep talk with them. You gonna be okay here?" "You're coming back right?" I was worried he would have to stay and I would be scared out of my mind the whole two days, not knowing anything. "I'll be here Bells. I promise." He vowed, hugging me close. The scent of his skin, the magnified woodsy pine smell that I've grown to love, seeping in my clothes. And with that, he disappeared through the front door. _ As the evening was dwindling down, I sat comfortably but nervously with Billy in the living room. The small space heater kept us warm from the spring chill that made its way into the cracks of the door. Billy sighed, breaking the silence. "Everything okay Billy?" He shot a glance at me with a small smile on his face. "I've just been thinking about my son... about what life has dealt him and how he's handled it. You know, he could have left here. He could have moved with Rebecca; she had a room for him if he ever wanted to stay or visit. But he stayed. Stayed to take care of his old man, got a small job fixing cars to help pay for things we need and on top of that, he's a protector. He's as wise and responsible as a grown 30 year old man but he's only 17." His voice was light but you could tell he was hurt that he was holding his son back. But beneath the hurt was intense pride. It made me think of Jacob in a new light. He was incredibly strong and selfless and it made me think of how selfish I was leaving Charlie to fend for himself. I knew it would absolutely break Charlie's heart if I just disappeared one day. It made my heart constrict with a deep longing; a longing to hold Jacob tight and be there for him and never let him go. I took a deep breath and sat up straight. I needed to let Billy know what was going on in my mind. "Billy, I think I made a mistake." His eyebrows furrowed with confusion. "I don't think I want to be a Cullen after all of this." His eyebrow shot up in surprise. I let out a shaky breath and continued. "Everything that's happened in the past couple of years just didn't add up to me. But ever since I started coming here more often... I feel... like I can breathe again. Jake makes me incredibly happy and lately more at peace with myself. I don't need fancy cars or tons of money or a big, flashy wedding and a big, flashy ring. I'm okay with things being simple." "But what if you get tired of little old Forks? La Push is even smaller." "I'm not Renee. I love her but what she did to Charlie wasn't fair." He nodded his head and wheeled himself closer to me, grasping my hands in his weathered warm ones. "You do whatever feels right in your heart, honey. No matter what, you know Jacob will always care about you. And we will respect your decision." Someone knocked on the door lightly. "That'll be Sue." Billy said, "There's a council meeting so I'll probably be late, but if it gets too late, I'll stay at Old Quil's." With one last pat on the hand, he wheeled into his room; grabbing his bag and wheeled back to the front door shutting it close quietly. I sat on the couch and thought about our conversation. The minutes on the little clock on the mantle ticked loudly, letting me know time was passing and Jacob still wasn't home. Home. I really, honestly thought this was home. It felt like home. Everytime I came here, my mind was clear and my heart didn't hurt. Fuck how did things become so complicated? I sighed, dropping my face into my hands. I don't know how much time had passed but the sound of the door opening snapped me out of my trance. He looked so much older than when he left. I felt this intense need to make him feel better, no matter what. I walked over to where he was standing, his hair wet from the unyielding rain outside. "Jake? Are you okay?" I lifted his chin so he could look at me. His face was tense so I knew something had to have happened. "I'm fine. Just tired." "Come here, let's get you settled and relaxed. Why don't you take a shower and I'll get you your clean clothes." I went and got a glass of water for him and pulled the clean clothes out of the dryer. I heard the water and opened the door carefully to set down the clothes on the sink. I was on my way out when my sight caught the most tantalizing vision I have ever seen. Through the steam of the hot water and no doubt his body temperature, stood the magnificent backside of Jacob. His arm was stretched out to the wall, palm flat. The water ran down his tanned, muscled back- down to the dimples above his ass. Sweet Jesus I've seen Jacob in nothing but cut off shorts but this... this is something entirely