A Bride ForA King Chapter 1 There was an extensive and pleasant library accommodated in a side wing of the Houses of Healing. An eight-sided room, arranged over two levels around an atrium, vaulted by an airy cupola. Heavy bookcases stood parallel to and against the walls. They were filled with manuscripts and codices hoarding knowledge accumulated by healers and herbalists over many centuries. For Lothíriel, this library had always been a reservoir of pleasure and strength, and during the months following the great battles, a reminder that there was still order, calmness and continuation in the world. The pleasure it gave to her was of the steady and reliable kind. To her the books in here were quiet and constant friends; they were accessible and wise counsellors, and patient teachers. But over the years she had learnt that a library could not only be a place of knowledge but also a place of error, or, as Amrothos had put it once as only Amrothos was able to put it, "Be careful of all those healing books. You may die of a misspelling." Lothíriel had settled down at the large round table in the centre of the atrium, where she had spread every single scroll, folio or tome she had been able to find concerning injuries obtained in battle. In front of her lay her own records. Since she had come to the healers to be educated in their art and later began to work as one of their own, she had written down everything she had learnt and made notes on everything she had observed. Now she was comparing the findings she had jotted down in her journal to those which had been recorded by other healers over a period of hundreds of years. She had hardly found the time to do her quiet private research whilst the Houses of Healing were bursting at the seams with the wounded from the great battles. With the last convalescents gone, the treatment chambers and wards cleaned and their condition returned to their former order, the healers now found the time to care for the gardens and the herbarium. Now there was time to brew fresh potions and cook salves or take some time to indulge themselves in their own interests, just as Lothíriel was doing this afternoon. She had missed this soothing activity. Never before had she needed so desperately to do something that could settle her soul and her mind, the peace of which had been disturbed. It was totally preposterous, but she had finally come to admit to herself that this unrest in her very core had more to do with a single person – one man - than with all those occurrences and changes that had happened to Middle-Earth, especially over the past year. Her common sense scolded her that this in itself had to be considered preposterous indeed! Lothíriel had always thought herself able to compose her mind in any situation, if only by avoiding those occasions or people which could disturb her. But Éomer of Rohan had somehow refused to be avoided. No matter how often she pushed any thoughts about him back into the shadows with every ounce of will at her command: the thoughts always resurfaced. Deep regular breathing and severe concentration usually helped, at least for a while, and so she had been able to copy the drawing of a sliced thigh muscle into her journal to round off her own records. As she checked her work critically, but also with some satisfaction, she heard the outer door open and swift footsteps approaching. Her disappointed frown at no longer having the library for her own changed to a joyous smile when Lothíriel saw who appeared from between the bookcases. "Erchirion." Her brother returned her welcoming smile with a friendly grin of his own and stepped near to her chair. He took her hand and placed his lips lightly on her knuckles. "Dearest, I have been looking for you all over this place, hoping to find you enjoying the fine weather in the gardens. And where are you? Buried under a pile of scrolls and parchments." He closed the rather large tome she had been copying from with a thumb. "What are you doing anyway?" He gestured towards her journal. Lothíriel smiled, her eyes glittering mischievously. Wordlessly she turned her journal around so that Erchirion could have a look at her very detailed drawing. Her brother studied it with a slightly disgusted frown. "You do have talent," he said, stating the obvious. "Have you ever thought about drawing something nice? A landscape, for example?" "To what use?" she dismissed the idea, easing out of her chair. "To hide it in a folder afterwards or hang it in an out of the way room?" "When was the last time you did something for pure simple pleasure?" Erchirion asked, grinning affectionately. "This is what I do for pleasure." She raised her journal and then snapped it shut. "And how are your activities coming along? I have hardly seen you over the past month." "So far we have done well. Tomorrow at dawn the first trek of wains will leave Harlond. As instructed, Elphir sent grain from the royal granaries of Belfalas. And Forlong's successor has pledged Lossarnach's unrestricted support. A trek from there will pass through the Pelennor in about five day's time." "Who is successor to Lord Forlong?" Lothíriel began to roll up the scrolls, fixing them with silk ribbons. "To my knowledge he had no children of his own." Erchirion took one scroll after the other from his sister and put them into protective leather tubes. "He had a son, Doronion. He was one of Boromir captains. But he died last year during the attack on Osgiliath. Forlong's successor now is Lord Meldir, a son to a cousin. Meldir fought alongside Forlong at the Pelennor Fields and saw himself what the Rohirrim did for Gondor. As soon as my messenger arrived with the King's instructions he did what was necessary to ensure that the provisions from Lossarnach started on their way." "And what about the other vassals of the southern feoffs? Will they submit themselves to the King's will?" Erchirion shrugged nonchalantly, his shoulders moving with careless ease beneath the leather tunic he wore. "They will have no other option but to obey." His sister tilted her head slightly. "So, there are not going be any delaying tactics? No political games? No problems at all?" Erchirion raised his eyebrows mockingly. "Is your interest shifting from the art of healing to domestic affairs?" "Not in this lifetime," Lothíriel assured him, stacking several large codices on top of each other. "Do not worry, Lothíriel. Your former protégés will not run the risk of starvation." He paused a little before he continued deliberately. "Your King has Elessar's word. Lothíriel blinked at this allusion. Usually Erchirion was by far the most subtle of her brothers. It was not like him to drop a broad hint like this from out of nowhere. She looked directly at him and saw him watching her as he had been doing since he found her with Rohan's King on the terraces of Merethrond: his shrewd gaze carefully overlaid with an air of charming amusement. But she refused to fall for his bait and forced her voice into its usual serene tone, choosing to ignore his words. "While you are here, big brother, make yourself useful and take those tomes upstairs. They are a bit on the heavy side." Her brother's gaze stayed on her, losing some of its amusement and becoming more scrutinizing. There was something else in his warm brown eyes Lothíriel couldn't figure out. Was it apprehension? Watching her watching him, Erchirion's pleasant grin returned and he took hold of the leather cased tomes. "Sweet Elbereth, Lothíriel!" He weighted the heavy codices in his arms. "How did you get them down here?" "One by one. And no, I neither dislocated my shoulder nor damaged my spine." At times she really had enough of all the innuendos about her fragile appearance. She was much stronger than most people gave her credit for. But Erchirion only laughed at her irritated tone. "Where do I put them?" "You will not be able to miss the gaps in the bookcases. The one with the gold lettering goes in just opposite the head of the stairs, the other five in the bookcases to the right, second aisle." Adjusting his heavy load, Erchirion made his way to the spiral staircase hidden behind several rows of bookcases. Lothíriel watched his retreat. She wondered why he had deliberately let slip that remark about her king ? Of all her brothers this one didn't mutter a single syllable without a purpose. Once more she wondered how long it would take before Éomer's name or title could be mentioned without her feeling a rush of longing that made her insides tighten and her breath catch in her throat. It had been a month now. And, truth be told, the state of her mind was not improving! Another of those unsettling little chills of sensual awareness travelled down her spine at the memory of Éomer's odd coloured eyes and warm, hard body. She had been fascinated by him. She was still having problems coming to terms with the realization that he had been able to affect her so strongly. She had never been so deeply aware of a man in her life. Of course, she reminded herself, she had never known that one could be so deeply aware of a man. Actually, she had never before been aware of men! And this one had thrown her off balance from the very first moment of their acquaintance. Everything about him had been beyond her experience: the physical appeal and even more so the force of his personality. He did not treat her with the politeness and reserve she was used to. An encounter with Éomer was always direct, challenging and forceful, sometimes downright aggressive, but at the same time he could be tender and considerate. The man was a contradiction, if ever a contradiction had been able to take human form. He had come to the Houses of Healing to scold her for thoughtlessly having put her reputation at stake and putting him in an impossible situation. From angry he had gone to teasing, and then he had kissed her, not caring about reputation or compromising positions. Her father sometimes bestowed a warm, affectionate kiss upon her forehead; her hands had been kissed, but she had never received even the most chaste of kisses on her mouth or even anywhere near her mouth. Éomer had kissed her without forewarning. Those kisses had been neither chaste nor warm. They had been long, deep, white-hot kisses of passion and Lothíriel, in spite of her inexperience, had recognized them for what they were, even without the attributing adjectives. They had felt glorious, much more than just pleasant. And that had surprised her more than anything else in her life before. She had given the matter of kissing some thought from time to time, mainly when she came across couples indulging themselves in the pastime. The gardens of the Houses of Healing and the Citadel appeared to be quite popular for this kind of activity. Reflecting upon it, she had asked herself what all the fuss was about. It hadn't looked like something she would do voluntarily. Éomer had managed to revise that notion within half a dozen heartbeats. She would quite willingly do it again – at least with him. She couldn't imagine kissing another man. But he had not only kissed her. He had touched her. Lothíriel had been as unfamiliar with touching as she had been with kissing. And as she hadn't been able to comprehend the attraction of a kiss, she hadn't understood the appeal of a touch, the feeling of another warm body against her own. Perhaps she had began to long