Imrahil's Daughter Chapter 1 Éomer King? No, not yet! First he had to escort Théoden King's cortege home to Edoras and to see to it that the Lord of the Mark was laid to rest in honour, to enter the halls of his forefathers in dignity. Éomer stood alone on top of one of the fortified towers which were integrated into the great wall protecting the seventh level of the White City. It faced Mount Mindolluin and from here he could see the domes of Rath Dínen. His uncle had been lying in state inside the Tombs of Kings ever since the Battle of the Pelennor Fields. Éomer had only returned last night, with the Royal Guard of Edoras, to claim the body of their Lord and escort him home. Théoden King. He had not known another liege. His loyalty, his devotion and his love had always belonged to this King, even when Théoden had been reduced to being the Ghost of Meduseld. Often he asked himself if he and Théodred should have broken free earlier. Broken free from their love for their father and uncle, broken free from their oath to their Lord. The Lord who had not been any longer in control of his own free will. Too long had they neglected the oath they had taken to the Land and their responsibility towards their people. When they had realized that they had to stay true to Rohan and Rohan alone; it had been almost too late. The Wizard of Isengard had already unleashed his forces. His creatures were already hard on the hunt. To slay Théodred and Éomer, that was what Saruman had most desired. To destroy the House of Eorl; and then the people of Rohan would perish. And now here he was; the last of the male descendants of Eorl. The first of a new line of kings. Now the responsibility for the Rohirrim was his. It was his fate, his destiny, to rebuild his tortured land and to lead his suffering people. It wasn't something he had expected or wanted. It was not a matter of choice. It was his duty and he couldn't ever imagine shying away from duty. If he had learnt one thing from his uncle, then it was that being king was not a privilege. Being king meant to be first a servant to the land and to the people. Being a marshal, a captain of an éored meant that an error of judgment, a wrong decision, could endanger the life of many riders. An error of judgment by a king, a king's wrong decision, meant the suffering and possible death of many thousands. He did not fear, he did not loath what fate had bestowed upon him. It was his belief that certain things in life simply had to be accepted as facts. Whatever task, whatever responsibility would be imposed upon him, he had to do his best to take it on. He had been born with the blood of warriors in his veins. He had been brought up to be a warrior. He would lead his people as he had led his riders: focused on what lay before them. Éomer turned his gaze from the resting places of the Kings and Stewards of Gondor, leaning his back against the pillar which supported the roof of the tower. He crossed his arms over his chest and let his eyes wander over the lush gardens of the Citadel towards Merethrond where a feast was about to begin, a feast in honour of the departed and of the future King of Rohan. An honour he could do without. Dusk had barely begun to fall, but the great feast hall had already been lit by hundreds of candles and torches. It had been a hot day, and it was going to be a warm night. This bright lighting would turn the great hall into an oven. Being used all year around to the changeable weather and cooling winds on the plains, Éomer was not particularly fond of the heat. What made it worse was the Gondorians' habit of dousing themselves with all kind of scents. If it were just one fragrance used by all. But no, everybody seemed to pride themselves of having their very own perfume. It would make an awful mixture, and in the overheated hall, it would give him a splitting headache. Bema, these nobles hardly worked up any sweat. Could they not just bathe in clear water? Suddenly he heard footsteps coming closer. He saw a tall, lean man walking through the gardens. Dark, formal clothing; dark, well-groomed hair; a confident, easy stride: his soon-to-be brother, Faramir, Steward of Gondor. Éomer crossed his legs at his ankles and kept his stance. Putting his trademark frown on his face, he watched motionless as the other man climbed up the narrow steps to the platform. Coming face to face with the Gondorian, he saw Faramir hesitate. It had worked again! For some reason he could not for his life understand, he seemed to have the ability to intimidate the Steward without any effort. Did Faramir fear he would reverse his consent to the bond with Éowyn? He could do so easily as long as the betrothal had not been made official. As if he would! As if he could! Éowyn would have his head, or at least make his life no longer worth living. And there was no reason why this noble man should not wed his sister. If he had any doubt about this union, then he only had to look at the difference in Éowyn. He loved his sister more than any other being alive, or anything else including his own life, but he was not blind to her shortcomings. Steadiness had never been one of Éowyn's stronger traits. Approaching him, Faramir bowed his head in greeting. "Éomer King." Not yet! The two words nearly escaped his mouth, but he recovered and answered with a slight bow of his own head. "Steward." Saying nothing else, he retained his rigid posture, directing an inscrutable gaze towards the other man. He saw uncertainty creep into those honest grey eyes. Good! He was forced to spend an unpleasant evening in the company of all those nobles of Gondor. It was only justified to have his retaliation by torturing this one, at least a little bit. Éomer raised his eyebrows, indicating that he was waiting for the Steward to state his business. Lord Faramir cleared his throat. "King Elessar asked me to inform you, my Lord, that soon he and his Queen will make their way to Merethrond, where they wish to greet you as their guest of honour." "In other words, Aragorn sent you as my chaperon. To escort me, because he fears that otherwise I may not turn up." "Ahhh . . ." The Steward of Gondor was not somebody to contradict truth when it was spoken. With one of his abrupt movements that tended to startle people, Éomer pushed himself from the pillar and headed towards the stairs. "Well, in that case, what are you waiting for?" he barked back over his shoulder, still happily venting his grumpy mood on his victim. The Rohír descended from the tower, the Steward following him as he led the way through the gardens. The two men moved very differently. The rider displayed the same direct aggressiveness and powerful grace that could be found in one of Rohan's great stallions: a creature of the wide plains. Nobody would want to get into his way. The stealthy strides of the ranger were light-footed and fluid, showing the elegance of a born dancer. Complying with Gondorian customs, Faramir strode a couple of steps behind the King. They hadn't made it fifty yards when Éomer beckoned him to walk up. "Walk beside me," he ordered gruffly. "I do not like others than my own riders moving behind my back." "Are you afraid I may stab you in the back or hit you over the head?" At last! There was more than a hint of annoyance in the Steward's usually even tone. Éomer stopped so abruptly that it took Faramir another three steps before he came to a halt and had to turn around to face his companion. "I would not recommend either." The King's voice was suspiciously friendly. "No matter how much my sister may love you, I have considerable doubt that she would forgive you for bringing any harm upon her dear brother." He continued his pace and this time Faramir caught up with him. From the corner of his eyes Éomer could see a smile tugging at his chaperon's mouth. Well, he didn't want him to become too comfortable yet. He had to keep him on his toes for a while. Again he halted his steps, forcing the Steward to another stop and turn. Éomer cherished the fact that his habit of moving unexpectedly and abruptly seemed to irritate the people around here. Just as his direct speech seemed to irritate them. "Do you love my sister?" Faramir didn't have the chance to get out more than a baffled "Ehhh" before the King carried on. "Well, you had better. My sister is someone very special. You should always remember that, and if you value your skin, you will treat her as the treasure she is." Faramir looked thoroughly stunned for the moment and blinked twice. Where had he seen that habit before? Éomer shoved that thought back where it came from and continued his speech with some force. "But while Éowyn may be a treasure, she is not easy. I will be the first one to admit this. There are not many men who can match with her, and if she is trapped into a bond with someone who does not appreciate her . . . unique personality, she will be miserable." His tone became low and threatening. "If you do not make my sister happy and content, then you will not be happy. I will see to it myself." Finally Faramir gathered his wits. "If the Lady Éowyn were not happy at my side then I would never be able to forgive myself. I do love her. Unconditionally." "Good!" Éomer replied, all friendliness and good cheer. "I have never had any doubts about it." It was easy to read the older man's face. At the moment he harboured not just a few doubts of his own regarding the King's sanity. Éomer laughed out loud. It was something he very rarely did, but when he did, the sound carried far and made people jump. "Faramir, believe me, I am very glad my sister found you. It is a great relief to know that you will take care of her. She would dispute that she needs somebody to take care of her, but she does so, very badly. And I am satisfied that it will be you." He laid his hand on the other man's shoulder. "I have given you my consent and I am not going to take it back. So stop looking at me as if I might explode. I do occasionally, but so far you have not given me any reason to. – And now let us join this fair assembly." He turned once more towards the great hall. "Éomer!" Faramir stopped him. He grinned the grin of a very happy man. "Thank you for letting me have her." " Thank you, brother!" the King replied. "For loving her." And then he added in a wry tone: "And relieving Rohan of at least one problem." The two men chuckled comradely together and headed across the wide terrace surrounding Merethrond towards one of the wide open doors along the side of the building. They stopped just outside and threw a glance at the spectacle in front of them. Uncountable people, men and women, most of them dressed up in ridiculously lavish garments, moved without any goal or purpose up and down the hall