An Offer Not To Be Refused Chapter 1 A warm breath caressed his neck, its gentle breeze parting his hair, and velvet lips found their way to his skin. Tenderly they nibbled their way to his ear, then to his cheek and all the way down to his shoulder. Éomer just shrugged his blanket higher, hoping for a few more moments of sleep. But the lips stayed insistent, pressing again against his neck, the breath becoming hotter and moist. "Go away," he muttered, refusing to open his eyes and to respond to the touch, which grew even more demanding. The lips moved to the side of his face, leaving a damp trail and coming to rest at his cheekbone. He growled a warning but was met by no compliance. His companion just nudged him playfully in the back and started to pull the blanket from his body. "Leave me alone," Éomer commanded and rolled onto his back. The lips were hovering closely above his face now, and then Firefoot snorted, spraying his master's face with the contents of his large nostrils. "Bloody horse!" "So you finally have come to agree with the rest of mankind?" The stallion brought up his head quickly and turned it, ears flattened into his mane, towards the speaker who leaned from outside the stall over the carved gate. "Peace, friend," Aragorn offered the big grey in the soothing language of the elves. "I have no intention of harming your master." Firefoot remained unimpressed by the declaration. He bared his big yellow teeth. The flexing of the hard muscles under his shining coat revealed that he was about to charge. "Back!" The single word in Rohirric led the stallion to give a disbelieving snort, but with a last warning look shot in the direction of the King of Gondor, he complied, and then he backed up into a corner of his stall. "I swear," Aragorn declared, "that he is the only horse I have ever come across who is actually able to glare." "I trained him myself," Éomer murmured, uncoiling from the blankets of his makeshift bed underneath the hay rack and getting up to his feet in one fluid movement. He brushed down a few straws from his loose hanging linen shirt and shoved his fingers through his messed up hair. Finding more straw there, he bent over forward, shaking himself like a wet dog. When he straightened up he saw Aragorn chuckling. Éomer made a noise which sounded suspiciously like the snort of his stallion. "What?" "Is there a particular reason why the King of Rohan sleeps in his horse's stall?" "Yes, indeed, there is. The King of Gondor has been sleeping in his bed for the past seven days." "Why, could it be that I have turned you out?" "Anything to oblige a friend." Éomer picked up the blankets and shook them out; making sure Aragorn became shrouded in clouds of dust and flying straw. "Strictly speaking, I did not give up the most comfortable bed in Meduseld for you, but for the comfort of your wife. You are just a beneficiary." "And there is, in the whole of Edoras, no bed left for the Lord of the Mark?" Aragorn asked, trying to suppress a cough. "It may have escaped your attention, dear friend, that at the moment quarters are in rather short supply." It would have gotten nearer to the truth to say that there was no quarter left unoccupied in the whole of Edoras. Never, since having being founded by Eorl, and built by Brego, had the capital of Rohan seen such a crowd as now gathered for the funeral of Théoden, the king who had been lured into darkness but who had risen above it in time to lead his people to their final and victorious battle. From all over Middle-earth they had come to pay their respects and to witness Théoden King's admission into the Eternal Halls of his forebears. And the Gondorians had come, in the retinue of their newly crowned High King, to show their gratitude towards a man who had fulfilled his forefather's oath without hesitation, and through this, had saved the White City from devastation and its people from slaughter. Added to that the Elves of Lothlórien and Rivendell joined them to acknowledge this man's sacrifices as a symbol that the time of the Dominion of Men had dawned and the Elder Kindred would fade or depart. The Rohirrim had come to attend the burial of their Lord, in whose reign they had seen deepest despair flooding their land and their people. They had come to bid farewell to their King, who had overcome the shackles with which darkness had tied his mind, and had risen from his downfall to lead his people to triumph over evil. But, perhaps even more, they had come to hail their new Lord, the King, whose inauguration symbolized a new beginning: the prospect of renewal and healing. They had come to pledge allegiance to the King who was their hope and their trust in the future. Said king had folded up his blankets into an untidy bundle and thrown it over the stall's gate. Now he clasped his hands high above his head and stretched himself like a big, sleek cat, not even trying to conceal his wide yawn. "Be careful," his Gondorian counterpart warned, "or your jaw will fall off." Éomer gave him one of the unguarded grins he saved for his friends. Then he looked up at one of the half circular windows set high above the partitions of the stalls. The bull's eyes panes caught the first shafts of light of the rising sun. "You are up and around early," he stated. "As my company will leave today, together with those of Lórien and Rivendell, I thought I would seek you out so we can have a last talk." Aragorn opened the gate to let the younger man step out of the stall. "You know, Éomer, your habit of not telling anybody most of the time where you are heading, or – in this case - where you plan to spend the night, makes it difficult to track you down." "For a ranger?" Éomer said, trying deliberately to sound casual. Somehow he had a bad feeling about what there was to come. "If I had left Edoras somebody would have known." He felt Aragorn casting him a sidelong glance. "It would be helpful – and reassuring – if one knew the King's whereabouts even within the boundaries of the city." Éomer thought about it for a short moment. One shoulder rose in a negligent motion. "Is this going to be a lecture on ' how to behave as a King' by somebody who has, oh, so many years of experience?" He took a couple of apples out of a bucket at his feet and gestured Firefoot to come closer to get them. Aragorn stepped aside and made sure he moved out of reach. The King of Rohan's steed was the only horse he seemed unable to befriend, and with the big grey,you could never be certain if he would not prefer a chunk of flesh from your body instead of an apple. "Would you listen to any counsel I may wish to give to you?" Éomer's smile took on a thin edge. "For months and months mountains of well-meant pieces of advice have been deposited over me and they are threatening to smother me." Before Aragorn could interrupt him, as he obviously intended to, Éomer continued, turning around to prop himself against the gate. "But your counsel will always be the one I am eager to listen to and willing to consider." "It is an honour that I am in your confidence." There was a subliminal hint of irony in Aragorn's tone "I am certain this would be the time for me to reply in the same manner but are there really still preliminaries necessary between us?" "Of course, you are right, brother. There are not any preliminaries necessary; and therefore you will listen to me and not jump out of your skin . . . at least not before I have finished." Éomer gave proof that he was capable of groaning and grinding his teeth at the same time, but by a visible effort of will bit back any reply that might have been on the tip of his tongue. These tickings-off, which he had been receiving on a permanent basis over the past months, were shattering his nerves and putting him under additional pressure. Aragorn was indeed the only person left in the whole of Middle-earth that he was willing to listen to, whatever he might have to say. "Éomer, you have to reform your conduct. You are no longer just a warrior or even a Marshal of the Mark. You are the King and you have to bring your comportment into line with your station." Éomer looked down his body, taking in his crinkled shirt and dusty breeches. His friend couldn't possibly care about his appearance. There had been times when he himself had looked worse. Aragorn saw where the younger man's glance went and his mouth curved wryly. "No, I am not talking about the total lack of importance you attach to your outward appearance." "I am much obliged. It is bad enough having Éowyn nagging me about it." "I am going to nag you about this bad habit of yours of disappearing without letting anybody know where you are going." Éomer pulled a face. "So you have already said." "This is not about finding you in a horse stall instead of your bed in Lord Aldhelm's house. This is about the occurrence three days into our journey from Minas Tirith to Edoras when you just went off for half a day on your own and nobody knew what had happened to you." "I needed to think," Éomer said without hesitation. "This is about finding your tent empty one morning," Aragorn continued, "and you having wandered around the woods most the night." "I could not sleep." "And this is about the day after the burial when you took your horse and disappeared from dawn till dusk and only the guards at the gate had seen you in passing." Éomer turned his head to look at his steed. "I needed to be alone." Aragorn regarded him thoughtfully. "Believe me, I understand that very well. I am the first to admit that sometimes running away from duties and demands which threaten to suffocate you, even if it is only for a short while, has quite an appeal. But I also understand why a man like Elfhelm, who usually is calmness itself, suddenly radiates panic because his king vanishes without leaving a word." Éomer narrowed his eyes to mask his reaction. "So my Marshal, or probably all of them, and, of course, my Council have urged you to have this little chat with me?" he asked, not quite succeeding in eliminating the irritability from his voice. "Yes, indeed. All your Marshals and your Council approached me because they fear you will not listen to them." Éomer became aware of a faint, unfamilar staccato sound. He looked down and discovered that he was drumming his fingers against the carved planks of the gate to Firefoot's stall. With an effort of will he made himself stop, folding his arms across his chest. "If they talked less I would be willing to listen more." "That is beside the point." Aragorn studied the other man, probably easily recognizing the signs of a slowly slipping temper. He kept his voice even. "Éomer, do I really have to tell you what the consequences would be if something happened to you? If you should die? You are the last of the House of Eorl. Do I have to tell you what it would mean to your people if their ruling house were no more? Since the Éothéod came to Calenardhon, the Rohirrim