Chapter 1 Lights were popping at the edges of her periphery. The world around her had slowed to a crawl and it seemed her brain had halted all together. She found one arm moving of its own accord, reaching until it hit the door frame. Handle. You need the handle . She watched her hand slide down the door until her fingers curled around the cold metal of the handle and she pushed with all the weight she could muster. I have to get out. Get out. Once the door had swung open, the clarity of her mind started coming into sharper focus. Steam was pouring around her from the crumpled hood of the car. She could hear the hiss of the dying engine and liquid dripping onto the pavement. GET OUT! Within her mind, her brain was panicking, but it also seemed to be occupying a separate compartment than wherever the controls of her limbs were, because she still seemed unable to move at anything faster than a glacial pace. No-Maj cars blow up when they get hit! Get out! What if it catches on fire! Get out! Get out! Her shoes hit the pavement and she flung herself away from the car as ragged breaths started wracking through her body. She clutched her hand to her chest and ran the other one shakily through her hair. Mom and dad... They're in the car! She spun back around, her eyes piercing the front seat of the car. The windshield was gone. In fact, the entire front end was nearly gone. She wasn't sure how many times they had spun, but when they had finally come to a halt, it looked like she was the only passenger who had remained within the confines of the vehicle. Her knees began to shake, she couldn't feel if her feet were connected to the ground anymore but her legs felt leaden. She followed the lines of the shattered windshield and scanned for her parents. Apparated out. They were right next to each other. They apparated. She was almost convinced, when her gaze fell upon a flutter of robin's egg blue fabric that laid in a ditch on the side of the road about 60 feet from the car. "Mom?" The blackness that was threatening at the edges of her periphery closed in around her vision and she felt her body hit the pavement. Theia woke up in a hospital bed, a medi-witch bustled around the room. "'Scuse me." Her voice was so faint, she wasn't sure if she had said it out loud or just thought about it. So she tried again, "Excuse me." The medi-witch's head popped up from the bottled potion she had been shaking and muttering at. "OH! Dearie you're awake! Here! Drink this!" She stuck a straw into the top of the bottle and held it out in front of Theia and helped her drink from it. "There you go, that's it." Theia's eyelids felt heavy but she kept drinking the sour tasting potion. "You can go back to sleep in just a second, dearie! We need your name, do you remember your name?" Through the fog that Theia's mind was swimming in, she remembered her voice again and croaked, "Theia. Nyx. Theia Nyx." "Goodness. Nyx." The nurse tutted, and was fighting to keep a professionally muted facial expression while she fixed the pillows behind Theia. Theia could taste the slight panic at her name in the air around her... or maybe that was just the potion's aftertaste. "Alright dearie, we will call someone for you. Are you enrolled at Ilvermony?" "Third year." "Okay, now you can rest, here's something for you. Dreamless sleep. Drink up, it isn't as bad as the last one I promise." The medi-witch handed her another bottled potion with a straw and Theia began to drink. After a couple gulps, she stopped, a panic straining her addled brain. "My parents! Mom, Dad. Where are my parents?" "You've nearly finished the potion dear, you need to finish it for the dreamlessness to set in properly. The dreams on an unfinished dose otherwise can be quite unsettling." The Medi-Witch Academy in Boston had taught her not to stress out patients who were still recovering by answering these questions bluntly. At least not without others there to help walk her through what had happened, or someone there to comfort her at the very least. The small girl in front of her looked so distressed but she obeyed the request and finished the potion, before her head slumped onto her pillow. My god... A Nyx. An orphaned Nyx. The papers are going to have a field day. The medi-witches shoulders locked, and she stood up straight as she made to leave the room. No one is going to bother this poor girl. The first thing she did upon leaving the room was to notify her charge MW, privately of course- some of these new girls could be such gossips- and come up with a plan to protect the young girl's privacy. The papers were likely to swarm on the hospital once they caught wind that the wizarding couple that had perished in that crash were Mr. and Mrs. Nyx... and their eldest daughter had been in the car with them. All afternoon her mind flitted back to the hospital room where she had left Theia, and words from the report from the accident scene flashed alongside it. 'No-maj car found smoking... Windshield missing and front-end totaled... Patient appears unscathed... No injuries found.' Unscathed... how on earth? She checked on Theia hourly, the potion seemed to have worked, and she had given her a dose to keep her under for another 8 hours. A couple reporters, both in disguise and forthright, came in during her shift, and each of them was turned away and escorted from the premises without so much as glimpsing a corner of Theia's room. "By order of the court of the Massachusetts Branch of the MCUSA, Miss Theia Zoe Nyx is hereby declared an emancipated citizen. She remains the Head of House to the Nyx Family and Galene Family. I declare this session ended." The gavel next to the High Wizard banged loudly while a simultaneous hiss escaped her aunt's lips. Theia didn't look, she didn't need to know how much hate was boiling over in her Aunt and Uncle's eyes. It didn't matter anymore. None of it did. She was free. Nine months later, and she was finally free. She stood with as much poise as her 14-year-old-self could muster, and went to join Great Aunt Adrastea with Isla. Aunt Addie hugged Isla tightly and thanked her profusely over and over while Theia's eyes remained unfocused on the chaos around her. Isla glanced down at her, and drew her attention back to them. "I can't thank you enough Isla..." Tears brimmed at the corners of Theia's eyes. She hadn't realized how happy she had been until Isla's kind blue eyes had turned down at her with a tone of gloating happiness. "We showed them Theia, you did it honey. It was all you." Her arms swung around her into another one of her big, squishy hugs. Isla had on her familiar musky perfume and the same green robes she had been wearing when they had met all those months ago. Theia wiped the slow tears streaming down her face, and turned to Aunt Addie who was laughing and crying all at the same time. She chuckled and held an arm out to welcome the older woman into their collective embrace. All three girls hugged and laughed and made plans to finally go get some food. It was a happy day at last. The only thing it was missing was Leon. But Theia figured she would have to get used to that. She was emancipated, but still not old enough to be his guardian. He would have to stay here. With them. She threw the thought viciously from her mind. She had won. It was over. Leon would come of age in 7 years and then he could do whatever he wanted. Then he could split the responsibility with her and not worry about them trying to weasel him into or out of anything. When the girls slid into the booth of their favorite diner, Aunt Addie put on her 'business-face' that had always intimidated Theia as a little girl when she had visited from Britain. She knew she had something to say by the sight of that look without even having to probe the mood she was emitting into the aura around her. "Now, one battle down. Only one last thing to sort out. You've shown great maturity my darling Theia, strength and maturity that your long line of ancestors would be proud to be represented by. Have you considered my offer?" Theia straightened her shoulders and brought her dark eyes up to meet her Great Aunt squarely. 'Fake it until you make it' had been her mantra throughout the legal process to win her emancipation. Pretend you're okay and you're ready for this and eventually you'll start to believe it yourself. "Yes. I'd like to. But where will I go to school... I'm a year behind now." "Hogwarts is reputed to be the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world. With your name and talent ," Her look grew pointed to emphasize what she was unsubtly hinting at, "I am sure we will be able to implore Albus Dumbledore to find you a place." Theia's throat tightened, but she knew Aunt Addie was right. He'll have to know, just like the headmaster at Ilvermony had to know. It's precautionary. "Wait... The Albus Dumbledore? The European war hero? Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore?" Isla's eyes were saucers as she set down her mug of coffee onto the table. "That one precisely, yes. Theia, I can send him a letter on your behalf, but I would also suggest that you write one yourself. He may want to meet with you before accepting your transference." "Should I ask my old Head of Thunderbird House to write as well?" Theia swirled the striped straw around in her milkshake and ran the other hand through her hair. "Yes... brilliant my dear. Yes, I think that would be very good. He'll need your grades from Ilvermony, but a testament to your character from them would probably also help to sway him as well. Good thinking." Adrastea's eyes shown with pride for this little girl in front of her for what seemed to be the 500th time since she had come to Massachusetts to help her win her emancipation. "See you've already got this whole 'Head of House' thing down. You know what you're doing. Trust yourself." Isla leaned over and whispered at Theia, throwing her arm around her and squeezing the petite teen. "Alright, will you help me? Proofread I mean?" "Of course, we are with you every step of the way." Theia suppressed the blush at the overwhelming support and pushed down the familiar longing emotion that was riding up inside her. "Okay, how do I look? This isn't too fancy? I don't want him to think I'm a brat... Oh my god what if I am! What if I say something wrong! What if he says no?!" Theia was pacing again, she ran her hands over her skirt to avoid tangling them in her hair and receive another chiding from Aunt Addie. "You're fine. Quite fine." Adrastea was smiling despite herself, she had known Dumbledore many years ago before he had sold his family's house in Godric's Hollow, and he was never one to pass up on exploring something fascinating. Thankfully, her great-niece was nothing short of fascinating. "Breathe, child." Theia muttered like she couldn't hear anyone's reassurances. She hadn't been this nervous in her entire life. Her whole future hung on this interview. He had to like her. He was going to like her,