AN: WARNING: This contains mentions of self-harm, depression, cutting, etc. If any of this acts as a trigger for any of you lovely people, please do not read this... But do remember that there is always someone out there who loves you for who you are. If you are currently going through a rough time (Like I have been recently...) (Or even if you are not currently...) Remember that there is always a light at the end of the tunnel, no matter how deep and dark it seems at the time. Also, if you need someone to talk to, feel free to message me. Rated M for strong language as well as those reasons stated above... also because I am paranoid... So, this is kind of a continuation of a story that I posted about a year and a half ago titled "A Personal Reason". It's not really a continuation actually... more of a rewrite...? Companion piece? I originally wrote this in Draco's perspective, and when I was done I really wanted to write the other side of it, so I did. It has been mostly done for a while, I just have been hesitant to post it, but I finally finished it and felt like I needed to post it. It is about twice as long and describes Harry's experiences before he finds Draco in the bathroom... You don't need to read "A Personal Reson" first, each story makes sense on its own. All of the dialogue is exactly the same, you just get to see what was going through Harry's head instead of Draco's. I own nothing, sadly, except for the plot. ~o0o~ Written from Harry's perspective ~o0o~ I slice my wrist with the blade. Sirius. The one word repeats itself over and over in my mind. One more cut. Sirius. If only I hadn't been treating occlumency like a burden, a joke. I should have worked harder at keeping my mind shut from Voldemort. I dig deeper into the skin this time, and the blood comes out quicker. Sirius. If only I had stayed at school, let Snape get the order to look in the Department of Mysteries. If only I had trusted that the adults would take care of it. None of this would have happened, and I might still have my godfather. At this point, any pain would be welcomed, but I had gone numb forever ago. Sirius. The one person who seemed to share all of the truth with me. The one person that I could trust to be open with me. The person that I could open up to. The blood starts to run down the drain with the next cut. Sirius. I never should have trusted that filthy, lying traitorous house-elf. If it weren't for his lies, I would have seen Sirius and would have known that he was not in danger. The blade jerks as someone bangs on the door, telling me to hurry up. Sirius. The ghost of his laughter is all that I can think of when I close my eyes. The agony that was reflected in Lupin's eyes being the backdrop to my guilt. I hear my uncle yell something through the door as I begin to wash the blood down the drain, covering my tracks. Sirius. Would my "family" even care? Or would they wish that I cut deeper next time? To relieve them of the burden of "caring" for me. Sirius. Sirius. Sirius. It plays over and over in my mind as I complete meaningless tasks in the garden, keeping my Aunt's flowers alive and looking good. My finger gets caught on the rose bush, and I look at the blood running down my hand for a second before deciding that I deserve it. Sirius. Why should I deserve to live, while he died because of my foolishness? I should be the one in the next world, not him. Why should I be here, enjoying life and friendship when I have taken away one of the first friends that Lupin ever had? Sirius. His name echoes louder in the dark, quiet room and I lay there, resisting sleep, knowing that there are only nightmares to come. But why should I not live them? I succumb to sleep, only to wake up in a cold sweat. My sleep won't even let me suffer properly. Sirius. I get a letter from my friends. I ignore it. Why would I deserve to have someone who cares about me? They send another. And another. And another. When the stack on my bedside table gets so high that it falls over when I add the latest letter, I finally read one. They are worried now. They think that something happened to me. That my Aunt and Uncle are locking me up in my room again. They couldn't be any further from the truth. I am locked up inside my own head and have no control over it. I crumple up the parchment, and stuff it under the bed, along with the other, unopened envelopes. I break out the blade again, this time I cut deeper, and leave more lines on my skin. Sirius. The next letter I receive almost ends up stuffed under my bed with the others. But it has different handwriting on it. It's Dumbledore. He has grown worried about me and is coming in a day to pick me up. I worry, there will be no way that I will get away with my bad habit if I am to be left at the Weasley's house. I cut one last time, knowing that Dumbledore will be able to tell if something were going on. I need to use this next day to compose myself. To make it look like I haven't been leaving gashes in my wrist all summer. Who am I kidding? I still look like a train wreak. But the old man doesn't question me. Something that I am grateful for. We stop somewhere on the way to the Weasley's house, but it is all a blur. I think it had something to do with the new Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor, but I am not sure. Before I know it, I am back with my friends, and some of the pain has left. Being with people who do not despise me helps to ease some of my suffering, but he is still on my mind. Sirius. ~o0o~ We catch the Hogwarts Express and are on our way to school. I see more of my friends, and more of the burden is lifted off of my shoulder. He still doesn't leave my mind, though, and I have the sudden urge to cut, I needed the pain to punish myself for such a big mistake. But when I excuse myself, Luna comes with, and somehow knows that something is going on. I confess what I am feeling to her, and she helps ease my mind some, in her own weird way, and I sit back down in the compartment with her and forget about the urge. But it comes back, two days later, and even stronger. I grab the blade out of my trunk where I left it that night. Before I know it, I am in a deserted bathroom several floors away from the common room, with blood running down my arm again. I allow his name to run through my mind again. Sirius. The blade from the razor is no longer enough, won't go deep enough, so one day after potions, I decide to experiment using my potions knife. It feels good. I know I probably shouldn't be doing this, but it feels good. I feel an intense amount of relief as it leaves a slash in my arm. But then I get a feeling of disgust, of shame, at what I have done. I quickly wrap up my arm with a spell that I learned to conjure bandages, and stuff the knife back in my bag, rushing out of the deserted room that I was hiding in. ~o0o~ The next time I felt the urge, I was walking out on the grounds of Hogwarts in between classes all alone, as Ron and Hermione had prefect duties. I remembered the last time that I had yielded to the urge, and tried to ignore the deep desire for the metal against my wrist. Despite all warnings and several personal near death experiences, I wander into the Forbidden Forest in an attempt to clear my mind. After wandering for half an hour, I find myself in a clearing with Luna, who was feeding the thestrals, barefoot, just like the last time I had found her here. She didn't look up as I walked into the clearing, let alone when several of the skeletal, bat-winged horses turned from her and approached me. She simply said, "Hello Harry," and continued petting the manes of the spectral horses. "Uh… Hey, Luna…" I said, not sure how to react, especially after the last time that we had really talked. All I can remember is the look of understanding that was in her eyes that afternoon on the train. "I, uh, never thanked you after what you said last time…" "Oh, don't worry about it. I would do the same again, particularly for a friend." I let the silence sit between us, not bothered at all by it. It was a comfortable silence, one that is bearable with only the best, most understanding people. We stood there in the chill of the forest for an hour longer, just interacting with the magical creatures around us. By the time we exited the forest together, we had missed dinner and it had started to get dark, casting long, dark shadows along the grounds. We parted ways, without saying another word to one another, yet my heart felt lighter than it had for as long as I can remember. I went back to my dorm feeling better, not feeling the need to cut as bad, and was able to go straight to sleep. ~o0o~ While the urge comes several more times, I do not bend to it. I fight as hard as I can to fight the sudden need, and I win. Slowly, the marks on my wrists start to disappear, the newest ones only being a light red colour. It was after my last class, and I was on my way to the Great Hall for dinner, when I ducked into the loo to escape a fangirl who was walking past. I was in no mood to talk to her (when am I ever?). As the door swings closed behind me, I realized that I was not the only one in the room. I was about to turn and go without saying anything, when I recognized the movements of someone hiding something in their pocket. Then, the figure starts to wash down the sink he is standing at. I look down into the basin and see pink water. It clicks. I look into the mirror to see if I recognize the person I had walked in on and saw none other than Draco Malfoy. I was in shock. "Malfoy!?" It's silent for a minute, then the blond is spurred into movement. He tries to get past me, but before he can shove me all the way out of his way, I grab his right arm, purposefully avoiding the one I know must still be bleeding. I lock my eyes on his, staring into his grey irises, and instantly I see memories run through my mind of how I had felt months ago when I was in the same position. I am sure that all the emotions that I try to keep under the surface, that I try to hide from people like Draco, are coming to the surface for the whole world to see. I'm confused by what I see, but there is also some concern, as I would not wish this even