Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter Traitors Part One: Mindgames It was a cool evening, but Severus could feel beads of sweat rolling down his forehead nonetheless. He tugged at the mask on his face. It felt foreign and suffocating. His breath got trapped against it and washed over him, creating an oppressive heat that seeped into his head and down his shoulders. It was just nerves, but that didn't stop him from feeling paranoid. Severus turned his gaze up and down the street. A boring stretch of houses that would have looked at home in any muggle town. Street lamps created orange puddles between every sleepy house, and only the gnome infestation at the house across the street betrayed that this was a wizarding neighborhood. Severus's survey ended where it had begun. Nobody was there. Even if they were, no one would have been able to see through his disillusionment charm. But it wasn't him that might attract attention… A sharp scream pierced the night. Severus flicked his wand behind him and reapplied a silencing charm over the house he was guarding. He scanned the street again, but no lights flickered on, and no suspicious neighbors peeked out their front doors. There was a pop of apparation a hundred meters away. Severus whirled and let his wand arm track the source. A wizard walked through the front door of the third house down the street. Severus heard him call out before the door swung shut again and released a breath. Just a wizard getting home late. No prying eyes had fallen on him since his arrival ten minutes ago, but that wasn't unusual. At Hogwarts, hardly anyone had bothered to give him more than the occasional sideways glance. Potter and his lackeys were the exception, but their idea of attention was to make his life a living hell. Severus let himself imagine that it was James Potter's house he was keeping watch in front of. A satisfied smile spread across his face as his imagination played out the scenario. The smile stopped short when Severus's thoughts fell on Lily. Lily Evans had cared. She was the one, the only one, that had treated him with kindness, as though she didn't understand the rules the rest of the world was playing by. Until his fifth year, she was the only person who acknowledged his talent. Avery and Mulciber were all that remained after she left. Severus forced away thoughts of Lily and focused on the task in front of him. He wasn't in Hogwarts anymore. There was no time to waste thinking about the past. The Dark Mark on his left arm twinged, and immediately Severus's full attention was back where it should be. Severus nearly jumped out of his skin when someone hissed his name. He snapped around, wand ready, but found only Avery walking out of the front door. "They need you inside. I'll take over out here." Avery said. "They need me?" Severus asked. The whole reason he was posted as the lookout was because this was his first assignment. He didn't know what the other Death Eaters might need that they couldn't do themselves. "Yeah, don't keep 'em waiting," Avery replied with all of his usual charm. Severus nodded curtly and slipped past Avery into the house. It was nice—magically enhanced of course—but not grandiose as far as Severus could tell. Voices echoed down a short hallway, beckoning him inside. When Severus reached the sitting room, his stomach turned. Travers was there with Yaxley. The two of them were standing over a shaking young woman. Her face was bloody, and she was clutching a hand to her stomach. Strewn further in the room, as if forgotten amongst the shredded, were three bodies. Two of them were older—a man and a woman—but the third looked to be in her twenties, same as the girl on the floor. "Get in here, Snape," Yaxley barked. As the senior Death Eater on this mission, it would be his head if they failed. Severus tried to look away from the woman his friends had been torturing, but he couldn't. Immediately, his mind began to rationalize the scene. This was war, and he was a combatant. Severus almost unconsciously ran through a quick Occlumency exercise. His breathing and heart rate slowed and his composure returned. "You summoned me," Severus said. "Yeah. This bitch won't give us what we need." Travers snarled. He lashed out with a kick that caught the woman in the ribs. She whimpered, and Severus was forced to ignore a stab of pity. "We know she's working against the Dark Lord, but we don't know who else she's working with or what their plans are. Thus far she's been quite... reluctant to tell us," Yaxley said. "And you need my assistance?" Severus didn't understand. Yaxley nodded. "The usual method isn't working. We can't be here all night." From the way the woman was quivering, Severus suspected that the usual method involved a heavy dose of the Cruciatus Curse. "Mulciber tells me you're an accomplished Legilimens," Yaxley said. "Does he?" Severus cursed silently. He had shown Mulciber and Avery the ability in seventh year to impress them. It had been a mistake. The two of them immediately began to avoid making eye contact with him. They had been impressed, but Severus had never seen the two of them drop their guard again. "Yeah, so get into her mind and get what we need," Yaxley said. "And do it fast. Like I said, we can't be here all night." Severus nodded. It wasn't like he had a choice anyway. He stood over the girl, and his heart skipped a beat as he recognized her. Marlene McKinnon, a Ravenclaw three years above him. They never spoke, but the sight of her, bloodied and at his friends' mercy, shook Severus. That wouldn't do. Legilimency required complete focus. Distraction meant losing track of what you were searching for, or worse, letting your own thoughts and memories seep in. There was a reason that every Legilimens had already mastered the art of protecting their own mind. "Well come on," Travers said impatiently. "Silence," Severus hissed. "I have to concentrate." He immobilized McKinnon and made sure she wouldn't be able to close her eyes. The floor creaked as Severus knelt next to her head. He made eye contact and pushed . There was a disorienting flash of images and emotions as Severus plunged through Marlene McKinnon's mind. He brushed her surface thoughts aside. Even if she hadn't been trained as an Occlumens, anyone who had survived what Yaxley and Travers put her through would be clever enough not to consciously think about information they were trying to protect. Severus would have to draw it out. Severus tried to think of the way he regarded his fellow Death Eaters, or the Slytherins he had shared a house with at Hogwarts, anyone who belonged to the same group he did. He pushed through McKinnon's mind, searching for the feeling, ignoring irrelevant thoughts that raced by. A particular memory flowing past caught Severus's attention, and he stopped to drag it under his mind's eye. Surprise passed through him as Severus recognized James Potter and Sirius Black. They were sitting beside each other in a pub, drinking and talking in low voices. Severus shoved the memory away, cursing himself for letting his thoughts compromise the mission. He pushed forward into the woman's mind again. Another memory tugged at him, so Severus forced it into the woman's conscious mind. She was speaking to an older man whom Severus didn't recognize. "The Fidelius Charm," the man said. "It has some drawbacks of course, but you can't get any safer... assuming that there's someone you trust with the secret." "Who could cast it for me?" McKinnon's voice echoed inside of her head. "Dumbledore can do it. He can't keep the secret for you, but he'll cast the charm for anyone in the Order..." There was a long silence as McKinnon twirled a lock of hair between her fingers. "I can't," McKinnon said. "I can't live in hiding, even if the Death Eaters are onto me. I'll stay with my parents. Their house is warded. I should be safe there." The memory faded. Severus didn't know who the other man was, but the name Dumbledore he recognized for certain. It seemed that McKinnon and Dumbledore had been acquainted beyond the relationship of headmaster and student. As for what the "Order" was, Severus did not know. He focused on that idea, Order , and dug deeper into McKinnon's mind. A torrent of memories flooded past. He felt McKinnon trying to suppress them, but she didn't have the discipline to keep him out. Whatever the Order was, she clearly didn't want Severus knowing about it. "Meet at my place. Tonight. Use the password." James Potter's voice caught Severus's attention again. He honed in on the memory and found Potter engaged in a furtive conversation with McKinnon. From what he could tell, Potter was setting up a late night rendezvous. Fury filled Severus as he realized the disgrace that Potter was inflicting on Lily. The memory began slipping away as Severus lost focus. He held on as hard as he could, but it was no use; Severus felt himself falling out of McKinnon's mind. "Will Remus be there?" McKinnon's voice sounded like it was crossing a great distance. "No. Too close to the full moon. He's…" Severus blinked and found himself back in the sitting room over McKinnon's body. She was still immobilized, but tears were running down her face. Severus ignored them as he tried to sort things out. How did McKinnon know Potter, and what were the two of them doing together? If Lupin was involved too, it had to be something beyond a simple tryst. "What happened? What did you find out?" Yaxley demanded. "I need another go," Severus replied. He rubbed his eyes before pointing his wand back at McKinnon. " Legilimens ." He ripped past the surface emotions, much less careful than before. He needed to find out what she knew, and how it connected to the Dark Lord. The Order. What is the Order? Snape kept repeating the thought as he tore through McKinnon's head. "The Order of the Phoenix," Albus Dumbledore's voice answered. Severus tracked the voice to its source and grasped the memory firmly. "The Order of… what, professor?" McKinnon replied. They were in Dumbledore's office, but Severus had the distinct impression that this wasn't a school meeting. "The Phoenix," Dumbledore said with a smile. "And I'm no longer your professor, my dear. Albus will do fine, although if you'd prefer a different name, I have several others to choose from." McKinnon seemed just as confused as Severus. He'd never heard of such a thing. "What is it?" "A secret society with one purpose: to defend our way of life from Voldemort." Severus's stomach dropped. Albus Dumbledore had formed a secret society to fight against the Dark Lord. There were whispers among the Death Eaters that the Dark Lord feared a confrontation with Dumbledore. It would certainly explain why the Death Eaters had been instructed to leave Hogwarts untouched. If Dumbledore had joined the fight, the war could only escalate. Rumors or no, the Dark Lord would not be cowed by an old headmaster. "And you want me to join?" McKinnon's voice became muffled as Severus withdrew from the memory. Now that he knew what the Order of the Phoenix was, he needed to find out who was involved. Severus had a sinking feeling that he was already familiar with four of the Order's members, but the more he found out, the more pleased the Dark Lord would be. Images began flying by faster than Severus could process them. He forced himself to slow down and identify as much as he could. Many face and locations he didn't recognize, but some… James Potter, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, and