Twilight Fan Fiction Title: Daybreak Daybreak Author's Note: Hey everyone! This is my first Twilight fan fiction and I would really appreciate some constructive criticism or just praise about what you all think! This chapter is un-betaed but if anyone would like to volunteer to be my beta reader that would be fabulous! Chapter 1. I don't really know what happened. It's a little blurry, but I think there was a car. Yes, there was. I remember Debbie, my foster mother, was sitting in the front seat driving too quickly for such a slick, rainy day. The window was rolled down so she could dangle her cigarette out of it, and the icy January air was hitting me in the face. And Kenneth was in the back seat next to me. Kenneth, her son, who hit on me all the time, was leaning too close and breathing too heavily, and all I was thinking was how much I wished I was anywhere else on the planet. Then Debbie screamed, and the car skidded. We were on a bridge, weren't we? The last thing I saw was Kenneth's face. He looked like a toad with his eyes bulging out in fear, and his big double chin wobbling. But that can't be right. If we went over a bridge, why am I still sitting in the car? Shouldn't I be dead, drowned? I opened my eyes and stared dumbly at the dashboard in front of me. "How…?" I breathed out. There wasn't a dashboard in the backseat of Debbie's car, only the back of her seat. Glancing up I stared in confusion. I was in the front seat now, but that wasn't even the strangest thing. I was staring at a long stretch of barren highway, surrounded on either side by the greenest trees I had ever seen. The sky was overcast and grey, and there was the threat of fog in the heavy sky. Little rain droplets were hitting the window. Suddenly a movement to the left of me caught my eye. There was a strange man sitting in the driver's seat next to me. He had pale skin, short brown hair and a big handlebar mustache. He was probably around 40 years old, and I wasn't sure how I felt about being in a strange car in a strange place with this strange man. The man squeezed his eyes shut and opened them again, letting out a little groan. "Bella, are you alright?" he asked me. Whoever this man was, he knew my name. I was still in too much shock to be scared of him, so I just nodded mutely. Thinking about the question, I realized that I actually did feel okay, despite whatever had happened to me. My head hurt a little bit, but maybe I just hit the dashboard? "Alright, that's good," the man said. He chuckled, and continued with "Well, honey, I'm sorry that's the reintroduction you got to Forks. It was a darn moose, it just wandered out and I guess I swerved too hard. I think we should stop at the hospital and get checked out just in case." What? Forks? Like the city in Washington state in the Twilight book series? And why is he taking me back to a house? Without waiting for an answer, the man restarted the car and pulled back out onto the highway. "Well," he said into the silence I was leaving in the car, "It's probably a good thing I got you that truck. It can stand up to almost anything. An accident like this wouldn't phase it." "Truck?" I asked. I couldn't really think of what else to do. Despite not knowing this man at all, I didn't feel like he was a danger to me. And trust me, growing up in foster care in downtown Washington D.C., you hone your danger-sense very quickly. He shot me a glance. "Yeah, Bels, the one I bought from Billy Black down on the rez. You know, you used to hang out with his daughters Rachel and Rebecca a lot during the summer. He has a son too, Jacob." I could feel my heart rate start to pick up. Billy and Jacob Black were characters in the Twilight books too. What was going on here? I don't know how long I sat in silence with a racing heart trying to stay calm about everything that was happening but I was pulled out of my thoughts by the man – Oh God, was this Charlie Swan? – parking the car in a spot right in front of a sign that said "Forks Hospital" in bold black letters. I got out of the car and trailed after the man who I was starting to suspect really was Charlie Swan – a feeling only enhanced when I glanced back and saw that we had emerged from a patrol car. Inside the hospital my suspicions were confirmed when the woman sitting at the front desk greeted him with a hearty "Hello Chief Swan, what can I do for you today?" He smiled and glanced back at me and said "Swerved to avoid hitting a moose, and the car ran off the road. I think we're both ok, but I wanted us to get checked out just in case." The woman glanced back at me after Charlie said "we" and her eyes lit up in recognition. "Oh, is this your daughter, Isabella? I thought you were picking her up from the airport today…" No. I'm not Bella Swan, am I? My name is Isabella Mercer, and shouldn't I be dead right now? Our car definitely went over the bridge. Oh my God, is this what death is like? You just become a fictional character? "Bella!" Charlie snapped me out of my thoughts. "Come on, we're going back to see Dr. Cullen. He's the chief doctor and he's just going to check both of us out real quick and make sure we're okay." Oh my God. Vampires. The Cullens are real in whatever whacked out universe I'm somehow in. This wasn't helping my heart rate, I could feel it hammering around inside my chest as my body automatically followed Charlie and the woman from the front desk down a hall into a large room with a couple chairs and a hospital bed next to some medical machines. "I'll leave you two to wait here, Dr. Cullen will be in in just a minute," the woman said with a smile before exiting the room. Charlie and I sat in silence. Charlie, from what I remembered from the books, was a pretty quiet man, and he didn't seem to expect that I talk to him, which suited me just fine. I was not in the mood to try and talk to a man who thought he was my father. Probably after about five minutes the door knob turned and in walked a beautiful man. He was very tall, probably over 6', and he had collar length wavy blond hair and deeply golden eyes. He was undoubtedly gorgeous, but there was something unsettling about him. His skin was so pale, and beneath his beautiful black eyes were enormous, dark purple shadows. I knew this must be Carlisle Cullen. This revelation did nothing to calm my beating heart, and I was sure that there must be blood pumping very quickly and loudly throughout the rest of my body, but nothing in Carlisle's face showed that he was affected or concerned by it. "Good afternoon, Chief Swan," he said. Then turning to me, he smiled and said "You must be his daughter, Isabella. Welcome to Forks. I'm sorry that the first thing you have to do here is come to the hospital." I think I smiled back, but if I did it wasn't a very good one. Carlisle checked Charlie and I out very quickly but there didn't appear to be anything wrong. Charlie was totally fine except for a large bruise on his chest where the seatbelt cut into his skin, and I didn't even have the chest bruise, just a bump on my forehead from when my head hit the dashboard, but that didn't even hurt unless someone touched it. We were back on the road to Charlie's house very quickly, and we rode in silence. My mind was blank on the way back, I couldn't begin to wrap my brain around what was happening. I was broken out of my non-thoughts when I felt the car turn and rumble into an uneven gravel driveway. I looked out the front window and saw a small, two story white sliding house. It had green front steps and a mahogany wood door and I loved it. It already looked so much more like a home than the little apartment I had shared with Debbie and Kenneth in DC, or any of the other foster homes I had lived in throughout my life. I got out of the car and walked around to the back to help Charlie with whatever bags Bella would have brought with her from Phoenix – because I had to face it, I was somehow in Bella Swan's body and I was inside the Twilight books. As I grabbed two duffel bags (Charlie had the rolling suitcase and a red backpack) and turned around I saw the truck. It was beautiful, an older model with a huge cab that probably sat three and a little bed stretching out behind it. I loved it, and felt a huge surge of warmth towards Charlie. I know he hadn't bought the car for me , but for his daughter, but I couldn't help feeling as though he really cared about me. It was an alien feeling. I know foster care isn't all bad and there are some genuinely loving, caring families out there, but I was never lucky enough to land with one. "I love it!" I gasped, turning to Charlie and smiling at him. "Thank you so much!" He looked away with an embarrassed smile and said, gruffly, "I'm glad you like it Bels." It only took one trip to get all of Bella's stuff up to her room and I smiled the whole way through unpacking it. When Charlie yelled upstairs that pizza was here for dinner I was feeling a whole lot better about being stuck in an unfamiliar body in an unfamiliar world, but with a man who obviously cared about the girl he thought I was. This happy feeling persisted until I caught sight of myself in a hall mirror, and almost screamed. The girl looking back at me was me, but different. I was still me, I had the same features as before, big eyes with long lashes, a small nose, and a mouth with the top lip a bit too thin and the bottom lip a bit too full. But I was different! My hair had always been long and layered, but I had dirty blonde hair with light blonde highlights from the sun. Now it was dark brown with just a hint of red highlights in it. My light brown eyebrows were a lot darker and my grey eyes were now brown. My skin used to be tanned and freckled with some acne on it, but this girl I was now looked like a doll. My skin was so pale now that it was almost translucent and I didn't have any acne or scarring at all. It was jarring. Where before I had looked like a healthy, all-American girl, now the combination of my dark hair and eyes and super pale skin made me look small, delicate, and almost sickly. I probably could have stood there for forever if Charlie hadn't yelled up the stairs "Bella, did you hear me? Pizza's here!" Dinner was a quiet affair, thankfully. I suddenly wasn't in the mood to try and make small talk with a man I had met this afternoon when he had known