~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ Cato "Who is the blonde with the pink fluff all over her?" "What, are you lusting after some whore already?" Clove spat, rolling her eyes. Clove, the small time I've spent with her only made me wonder if she had ever loved anyone - even her parents. Did she even have any friends back in District 2, let alone allies or teammates? She was an academy girl, but I can't figure anyone liking her. She even creeped me out a bit. "No, do you know her name?" I asked, getting annoyed with her stupid retorts. "How the hell should I know?" "Whatever." I said, giving up on Clove. She won't be a help to me until the games anyway. I should ignore her until then. "Focus, you're out next." Brutus said behind us, our carriage beginning to move forward. "Well, that wasn't too difficult." the blonde girl remarked to the District 1 boy. He nudged her by the shoulder, chuckling. He began taking off his ridiculous Capitol-made outfit and revealed himself to be wearing a grey dress shirt tucked in with black dress pants. The District 1 girl ripped off her head thing and shook her hair, rather quite sexily. If I had the chance back at home to just put my hands all over her, I knew I wouldn't have the strength to restrain. I don't know what it was with this girl, but she intrigued me like crazy. I want to know her...her name, her mind, her body, everything. Then again, maybe the games are already making me crazy. Clove saw me staring at the District 1 girl, grabbed my arm, and said "Perverted dumbass, come on we have to get ready for our stupid dinner thing." "Dinner? I don't remember us dating." At that, she punched my arm. I'm not going to lie, it hurt just the slightest bit. If it is her and me left in the arena, it won't be pleasant. I'll definitely win, but it won't be a fun fight. I could already imagine the sharp sting of one of her knives gracing my face, making me put a hand to my cheek subconsciously. "Seriously, what dinner though?" I snapped back to reality. "The tribute dinner. You really don't pay attention to anything." she scoffed. "Alright." Great, a dinner with all my friends. Oh the fun. "Well they seem to get ready real soon." I moved my eyes to the direction Clove's eyes were focusing on, the District 1 boy fixing his outfit. Glimmer handed the head crown thing to her escort and began taking off the feathery pink outfit. It would have made me a bit 'excited' if it weren't for her having clothing under it. Who am I kidding, I was holding back right now. The way she sexily took off that gown, it was almost like a tease show. Of course not being naked underneath the pink mess, she was wearing a strapless sparkling light bluish green dress that matched her eyes. The hem went to the floor, so her shoes couldn't be seen. Both her eyes and dress glistened with the light. She pulled her hair to the side to get it our of her face and then District 1 boy offered out his arm for her to hold. As they walked away with their mentors and escort, the girl kept giggling at how chivalrous the boy was being, it made my body ache for a second. How did some idiot like him have the right to touch, let alone be near, her? He wasn't even half of what she was. "Cato, come on. Stop being a jealous baby. We gotta get changed and change make-up." Clove started pulling my arm, dragging me with her to our District's apartment where Enobaria, Brutus, our escort, and the stylists were probably waiting. I'd rather be training than wasting my time with this crap. However, seeing the District 1 Girl might be fun. Though, as I turned around I saw the District 12 tributes. I glared at the girl. She was going to be a bitch to fight, I could feel it with every instinct I had. However, it might be fun having her as a kill. She definitely won't beat me. I wonder what her angle is going to be? Trying to ally with us - which of course I wouldn't allow - or being a weakling or perhaps hiding? I decided to put the thought of that odd girl away and focus on the dinner coming up and seeing the District 1 girl. I'll have more time strategize when the countdown begins. Glimmer Everything was white. The room's walls were white, the floor tiles were white, the table cloth was white, everything was white. The only different colors in the room were the other tributes and their apparel, the food offered, and the deep cherry red chairs. Marvel and I were the last to arrive, as my makeup artists made sure everything was precise, symmetrical, and perfect. I honestly likes how I looked. My hair was to the side, wavy and curly, and everything matched or was similar to the color of my eyes. Everyone was sitting down and talking with each other. It wasn't hard for Marvel and I to find our seats, as they were not the only empty ones but also had nameplates on each one. Everyone was seated next to their district partner. Across the table from me was...Cato. Dammit, just his mere presence chilled my spine. His appearance was so overpowering and intimidating, like a merciless warrior. Yet, something about him, whether it be his ocean colored eyes or seducing smirk, kept drawing me closer to him. He was talking to Clove, but once I sat down, I saw him glance at me and wink. It made my heart flutter, but I wouldn't let some playboy like him see it. I glared at him before rolling my eyes. He chuckled and continued talking to Clove and some other tribute about whatever. I looked over at Marvel who was busy looking at all of the food offered. It was all fruits, meat, and deserts. How odd. I figured a feast of some sort of specific meal, not a crazy mix of foods. "Welcome all tributes to the special dining hall." My thoughts were silenced as Seneca Crane, the Head Gamemaker himself, walked into the room, of course with two peacekeepers by his side. What, was he scared of an uprising? I looked at the other tributes, who looked either confident or scared being in front of him. Well, all but one...that District 12 girl. She grimaced at him. If looks could kill, he'd be dead in less than half a second. Something told me not to underestimate her. The girl on fire, I'll make sure she will be the one burning to death from it. She won't be the death of me, not someone like her. "This year, we figured the tributes should get to know each other a little bit better before going into the games." Seneca continued "Alliances, enemies, make whatever you want. Just remember the Peacekeepers are on each corner of the room, outside. They'll be listening in to make sure you don't cause havoc. Please, do enjoy yourselves and the food." I noticed Seneca take his last glimpse at me and gave me a wink and a smirk, making me want to vomit in my mouth. He was the god damn head Gamemaker. How did he not have any restraint!? "You okay?" I looked across the table, a seemingly concerned Cato staring right at me. It took me a few seconds to realize it was me whom he was speaking to in a non-threatening way. "I guess, why? Your wink wasn't that revolting earlier." I giggled. "No, the Crane guy. You looked rather...uncomfortable." he said. Why the hell would he care? He doesn't know me and either one of us, if not both, will be dead in only a small matter of time. "Thanks for caring, but I'm fine." The way I said it, not even a young, naive child would have believed me. "Alright then." he sighed, deciding to give up. "What's your name?" "Glimmer. Glimmer Dahlia. You?" "Cato Everhardt. Nice name." "Thank you.", I said with a faint blush and a subconsciously decided grin. "Why are you here? You're from District 1, so let me guess - volunteer?" he said as he grabbed a vine of grapes and placed it on his plate, beginning to eat each one-by-one. "Surprisingly not. For the past few years, my district hasn't volunteered quite often. I was simply drawn from the glass bowl. Nobody thought they were quite ready yet, including myself. However, it doesn't mean I'll be proven a weakling out there." He chuckled at my last statement, a charming smirk appearing on his face, "What about you?" "Volunteered of course. I knew nothing could beat me, so why not have some fun?" His smirk was both drawing me in yet frightening at the same time. "What if you die?" I asked seriously, seeing Marvel look at me on the corner of his eye. Apparently he has heard a bit of our conversation. "What if I don't?" Cato responded, putting both of his elbows on the table and resting his head in his hands. I saw Marvel look down at his plate and chuckle. The arrogance and confidence Cato has...I can't tell if it is his downfall or a result of actually knowing he will win this game. It could be seen as revolting, but it only made me question more what was going on in his head. Who is Cato, really? Is he this bloodthirsty monster I see before me without a care or worry in the world? It was too much to be an act, yet I couldn't believe everything he said. There is always something to lose in the games, whether you win or not. Even I knew that. Silence crept into our conversation, making us both feel an uncomfortable feeling due to a mix of the reality of what was actually going on and what has been said. This also had reminded me, only one of us will get to go home. Crushing on this boy won't do me any good. Hell, for all I know he is playing me. "Cato, give me your knife." Clove's question took us out of our unease with some more unease. A knife? What does she want with one now? "Excuse me?" Cato asked, a bit startled. I looked at Clove who was smirking at him. It horrified me a little. She was the ultimate killer in this games...a sociopath that would win at no cost. A monster is a monster, but she was far beyond that point in my opinion. "Give me your knife. The girl from 4 doesn't believe I can aim it straight in the corner of the room. She keeps bragging about her knife throwing ability. Well, she hasn't seen me yet." "No, wait till the games. If you want to be an idiot and get in trouble, use your own damn knife. Stop causing more problems." Clove rolled her eyes, not taking in a word her district partner had to say, and said "Whatever, I'll take someone else's. What about you, blondy?" I couldn't help but have my eyes widen for a moment. I was so busy observing, the idea of me being in the room was forgotten. "Sure, knock yourself out." I handed it over, finding it better to keep things calm as our two districts were most likely to be allies. Having her wanting my death immediately wasn't the best strategy, so keeping this devil fed for a bit would help me out. "How smart of you." I rolled my eyes. She is a cocky little bitch. I make a note to stay as far away from the sociopath. "Clove..." Cato reprimanded Clove. She just glared