I Came Upon a Mighty Wood Author's Note: There's much ambiguity and debate about the fate of Cuiviénen and its location, as well as the location of the Orocarni, or Red Mountains. For the purposes of this story, I'm using the maps in Karen Wynn Fonstad's The Atlas of Middle-earth , which place the Orocarni and the Wild Wood east of the Sea of Rhûn, north and east of Mordor. Many thanks to my betas: Nath, Inzilbeth, Estelcontar and Suzelle, without whose expertise and encouragement this story would have remained nothing more than a wild idea. Many thanks to the good Professor Tolkien for giving us such a lovely playground. ### Summer, TA 2985 Long, long leagues, perhaps some three hundred, he had traveled, by river, horse and now foot, and Aragorn was weary. He had completed, for the time being, his mission to investigate the Easterlings living in Rhûn. It had been perilous, living among them. Fear of discovery had been a constant companion, but no one who saw the tall man standing here would mistake him for the simple-minded, crippled beggar haunting the doorways of Rhûn's settlements, nor would they connect him to the stammering, shy farrier trading his shoeing skills for a half-wild horse. Those and other guises had stood him in good stead, and he had little reason to fear pursuit of any kind, especially given that the farrier's new horse had very likely returned to its former owner stained with what would be assumed to be the farrier's blood. The unlucky fellow would have been forgotten within a fortnight. No, the only things pursuing him now were memories, memories of fear, suspicion, anger… he witnessed those base emotions in the hearts of the Easterlings far more often than kindness. In all his time there, he heard not a single friendly word spoken of the West. Had they discovered his own origins, his life would have lasted only as long as it took to shove a blade into his heart. Even now, safely away from all settlements, he dared not let down his guard, and that was a wearisome way to live. Oh, to be home in the West, at ease amongst those who knew his name and loved him, whose hearts were untainted by Sauron's growing shadow. How he longed for the music and beauty and companionship of his own people to soothe his spirit. He longed most of all for Arwen's gentle embrace and soft kiss. But home and its familiar comfort lay many long days westward. Before him, as he stood upon a swell of the great grasslands somewhere north of Rhûn, lay lands that had gone uncharted for an Age or more. He gazed at the featureless sea of grass and realized glumly that he was unsure exactly where he was. He had intended to head north, hugging the eastern coast of the Sea of Rhûn, and then pass through Dorwinion on his way ever westward to Mirkwood, giving Mordor a very wide berth. He had no desire to toil again along those borders, not without an army behind him. His plans, however, had been stymied by a seemingly endless line of storms, great crashing deluges that had driven him eastward for the last fortnight. Their outlying clouds hid the sun by day and the stars by night and had confounded all sense of direction. It was only last night at sunset that the skies had finally relented to afford him a glimpse of the sun's pale disk. He had carefully set his bed so his feet faced north, and the only uncertainty now was exactly how far eastward he had wandered. He ruefully wished there might be someone he could ask. "But I walk in the wild alone," he whispered, then kicked a clump of grass. "But where exactly am I in these wilds?" He squinted at the featureless plains. "The world has fallen away and nothing remains but grass, grass and more grass." He yanked at a clump of tall stems topped with plumes of feathery seed heads and nearly pitched onto his face when they did not come free from the ground. He might have done better to try to uproot Orthanc. He rubbed his hand where the prickly stem had chafed it, then chided himself. Arise and shed this dark despair, he thought. Surely he would find his path eventually. In the meantime, nothing for it but to crack on, as the hobbits would say. He smiled rather grimly and hurried down the slope, eager once more to see what lay beyond. But when he topped the next rise, he sighed. Apparently the only thing to be found over this rolling rise was yet another rolling rise, with still more beyond it. He set his jaw against growing despondency and kept on. Down this slope and up the next, over and over, until finally he saw a smudge on the horizon. He studied it, trying to picture it against Master Elrond's maps, maps he had carefully studied and memorized against the day when he might not have any to hand. He glanced westward, where somewhere lay the Sea of Rhûn. But what was to its east? He shut his eyes, thinking… They suddenly flew open. "No! I could not have gone so far East, surely!" He stared hard into the distance. It shouldn't be… but he had traveled swiftly to stay ahead of the storms, so that smudge could very well be the westernmost edge of the Wild Wood. And with that, his imagination promptly galloped away from him. "Cuiviénen," he breathed. The very word rolled like a magical spell from the tongue. Reason would tell him that it could not be Cuiviénen itself he saw, for the Place of Awakening of the Elves was lost, gone along with the great Sea of Helcar, which in this area was nothing more than league after league of woodland-dotted grassland. The distant trees were likely just another of the scattered copses that dotted these plains, insignificant and unstoried. To go any closer was no doubt folly. Still, he found he was not quite ready to consign such a heady daydream to reality's cold light. If that was indeed the Wild Wood, he might never be this close again. It would be a shame, really, to forego exploring it, for what if the lore was wrong? What if Cuiviénen wasn't lost… Seized with a sudden unquenchable curiousity, he forgot his weariness as he angled to his right and hurried over the next swell of land, and the one after, and the one after that. He glanced at the sky. As was the case the evening before, the sullen overcast had thinned toward the western horizon, and here and there shafts of sunlight poured through breaks in the clouds. Maybe this night he would finally see the stars. The same stars seen from the same place as the first Elves, perhaps? Laughing a little at himself for getting so excited over what would no doubt be nothing more than an ordinary clump of trees, he stopped at the crest of a particularly high hillock and nonetheless gazed eagerly eastward. There, in the blue distance, he finally beheld that the smudge was not a copse at all but a true forest of mighty width and breadth. His breath caught, but there remained one last test before he could declare it the Wild Wood. He searched the grey eastern horizon, and there, beyond and above the woodland, he spotted them: the faint snow-clad peaks of towering mountains. The Orocarni. This then truly was the Wild Wood, and only a few leagues distant! But as he perceived the vastness of the forest, stretching away for miles and miles to the south, his fertile imagination nearly failed him. Even if Cuiviénen still stood, how could he find it in that vast wild? He continued his study, though, memorizing what he saw against a day when his grandchildren might ask if he had ever seen Cuiviénen. "I might have, once, when lost upon the plains I came upon a mighty Wood…" A disappointing story to tell. He could just picture the boredom falling over their faces, but going on would be the worst sort of self-indulgence. None surely dwelt there besides, perhaps, an isolated clan or two of Avari, those Elves who did not make the Great Journey. They kept to themselves, often hostile to strangers who dared enter their realm, and while they might not be counted as overt enemies, they could not be depended upon as allies. Their role in this struggle against the growing shadow would be insignificant at best. He should return to the West, to report what he had found… But his blood seemed to sing to him, Cuiviénen! Cuiviénen! Go… run and see! His resolve wavered. What could it harm to take a few days to look upon the possible birthplace of the Elves… Then he smiled broadly, for he remembered that beyond the Wild Wood lay Hildórien, the birthplace of the Secondborn, where Men yet dwelt. There, then, was all the justification he needed. To Hildórien he would go, to judge the hearts and minds there, and he would inspect the woods along the way, because it wouldn't do, after all, to make assumptions about Avari numbers or allegiances. They might prove to be valuable allies. Still smiling, he turned to the east. ### He walked until the light started to fail. Though these lands seemed empty of all but the blowing wind and the wandering kine of Araw, he dared not gainsay the wisdom that told him to find a secure camp, since any wild lands held predators, be they natural or unnatural. Here especially, Morgoth himself once sent dark things to plague the Elves, shadow creatures and evil spirits that those in Rhûn whispered might still linger. He shivered. Surely the stories he had heard as he huddled beneath open windows at night were nothing more than fireside tales told to scare little children. The dark spirits of Morgoth would have long ago moved on to wreak havoc on larger numbers than these small remnant Avari clans. Then again… perhaps not. Suddenly feeling very exposed, he hurried down into a swale, and he found at its bottom a small stream by which he could set up camp. He made swift work of stamping down the grasses and spreading his cloak for a soft bed, then set out snares in the hopes of capturing his breakfast. Finally, he started a small fire of dried dung he had gathered throughout the day. He drank his fill of the water, though it tasted slightly of mud. He plundered his pack for some dried venison, then stretched out with a weary sigh. The clouds were finally breaking overhead, and he watched the first stars emerge. He tried to imagine a world with no other light, but as he listened to the soft trickle of the stream, he found it easier instead to picture the waters around Cuiviénen, for he often thought it must have sounded much like Rivendell and its falling waters. Rivendell… Eriador… His thoughts tortured him with images of the Dúnedain, his people. What were they doing right now? Tucking children to bed, singing quietly by the fire, or on patrol, standing in silent watch over the borders of their northern homeland? Homesickness swelled, and of a sudden swallowing became a difficult task. Enough! He blinked furiously and cleared his throat. He forced all thoughts of home out of his mind as he rolled onto his side, thinking instead on Cuiviénen. His eyelids grew heavy, and he fell fast asleep, dreaming first that he was Oromë, the Huntsman of the Valar, hearkening to the distant singing of Elves. But then he dreamt of darker things, of wandering the wastes of Middle-earth, pursued by shadows until he lost all knowledge of himself, even his own name. ### It took two more