By Such A Foolish Name The world and its people belong to Tolkien; the mistakes to me. Written for Teitho "Names" Challenge, 1st Place winner. A farmer meets a stranger with an even stranger name on a rainy afternoon in Bree... o0o Bowen Rushlight listened to the rain splatter against the window. He took a sip of his ale – a nice strong stout – and smacked his lips. He would far rather be out in his fields, getting them ready for spring planting, but these rains had turned the entire world into a mud pit. Might as well cast the seeds into the bottom of a well for all the chance they'd have at sprouting in the sodden earth. He could have spent the day sulking in his house, but far better, he decided, to ride into Bree to his friend Barliman's inn and drown his sorrows in a pint. And when the rains fell heavier and heavier as the afternoon progressed, he decided to indulge himself still further by booking a corner room in the back. It was a rare pleasure, sitting here looking out the window, knowing he wouldn't have to saddle up and ride through the downpour to get home. He sipped again, savoring the hint of molasses. He liked his stout a little bit sweet, he did, and Barliman had got a good turn on this batch. He wiped foam off his upper lip as he looked around the smoky room. It was crowded, and no mistake. Every room was already booked for the night with travelers of every description, most of whom were now in the public room partaking of the pleasures to be found there. A pair of tinkers sat in the corner, playing at dice; at another table sat the jeweler, the cobbler and the dyer from down the street – too rainy to expect customers, so all three had shut their shop doors in favor of an afternoon of socializing over beer and Barliman's excellent beef and barley stew. Five hobbits sat at one of the smaller booths built just their size. And there was a score or more other folk Bowen had never seen before. He could only guess at their occupations: minstrels, scribes, armorers, maybe even a thief... who knew. They'd all blown into the Prancing Pony like fall leaves before a driving wind, and such was the storm's wrath that being indoors and away from it fostered a rather festive comradery amongst all the strangers. The fire snapped and popped on the hearth, the yeasty smell of ale filled the air, and Barliman Butterbur scurried around the room smiling at everyone, for unlike Bowen and most of the people there, Barliman loved a good stretch of foul weather. Each time the heavens opened, they poured money into his coffers. The door swung open and the hum of voices lowered save those nearest the door, who loudly and immediately grumbled for the newcomer to shut it before they all drowned. The man, tall, hooded, with a sword in a battered scabbard hanging at his side, slammed the door shut. He shoved the hood back from his head to reveal a shaggy mane of black hair shot through with silver and a face pale and grim, but also, Bowen thought, rather noble if you looked right close, despite the water dripping from his hair into his eyes. And such eyes they were: grey and keen, missing nothing as he carefully surveyed the room before fully entering. But on closer look, Bowen saw those eyes were rimmed in red and so darkly shadowed they looked bruised. The man looked tired, and little wonder, if he'd been walking or riding far in this weather. Bowen thought he saw a hint of dismay cross the man's face as he took in the crowded tables and booths – not a one empty, unless you counted the seat across from Bowen or the one empty chair at the hobbit's table, which was less than useless to a man as tall as this fellow. His troubled brow smoothed into impassivity, though, as he approached the counter where Barliman was drawing a tray full of ale for the group of merchants. Bowen had lost count, but he thought it might have been the fifth round of drinks for that jolly trio. He made a note to himself not to buy any shoes today–the cobbler especially was so deep in his cups any customer would likely end up with two left shoes of two different colours. But Bowen was not there to buy shoes, nor did he figure it was any business of his to sit in judgment over how drunk the good merchants of Bree got on a rainy midweek afternoon. The tall man, now... Bowen did make it his business to watch him, for he looked different than most of the men in these parts. They, like Bowen himself, ran to stocky builds, low to the earth and close to the soil, with mud brown hair to match and ready smiles. Not tall and grim like this fellow. Bowen wondered if he was some sort of mercenary, here to cause trouble, but Barliman greeted him as though he knew him, so Bowen relaxed. He watched as the man asked a question, which Barliman answered with a shake of the head and an apologetic wave of his arm at the crowd. Wanting a room, no doubt, poor fellow. The man's shoulders slumped slightly, but he merely nodded as though he hadn't expected a different answer. He pulled out a coin purse and shook it out on the counter. From what Bowen could see, precious little coin clattered out. Nothing but pennies and ha'pennies, from the looks of it. Not a shilling in the lot, that much was certain. Barliman sorted out a ha'penny, shoved the rest back and then proceeded to make the man a hot toddy in one of his biggest mugs. Now, Bowen knew how much Barliman charged for a hot toddy much smaller than the one he gave this ragged fellow, and it was more than just a ha'penny. But that was Barliman for you. Generous to a fault, especially if he knew you, and especially if he counted you a friend. Apparently this bedraggled customer fit that category. So Bowen watched him a bit sharper, his curiousity truly piqued. As he studied him, he wondered if this man was one of those Rangers he heard whispers about. Though his father had been friendly with some in his day, Bowen had never seen one, not in all his years farming along the Brandywine northeast of the Shire, where even outside the Shire's borders, things were settled and ordinary. The biggest threats to his farm were crows stealing his corn and foxes getting to his hens and the occasional raid on his mushroom patch by wayward hobbit youths from Buckland, whose Fallohidish souls drove them to adventure up the Brandywine at midnight to raid his farm. His quiet fields held no dark secrets and attracted no evil, so far as he knew, so not much call for a fellow with a big sword to come skulking in the hedgerows. Bowen's scarecrow watched over the field and he had a fine hound to chase off the foxes. The hobbit raids he turned a fond and blind eye to, figuring unless they started sending up thieves by the dozen, he could spare a few mushrooms now and then, in the name of being neighborly. His father had done the same thing, after all, even cultivating a special patch just for them to safely find, and they'd managed not to suffer privation for want of mushrooms. No, Rangers were definitely not needed around his farm. The man nodded his thanks, picked up his drink and wove his way through the tables until he reached the fireplace. He slid his pack off his shoulders and shoved his sword forward along his leg so he could sit on the hearth itself. He sighed with the deep fatigue of a man who finally takes the weight off aching feet after a long and weary day. He cupped his hands around the mug for a moment, savoring the heat, then he shut his eyes as he took a sip. Bowen was again struck by how tired the man looked. Almost like he was taking on a chill. His suspicions were confirmed when he saw the man suddenly shudder. Yes, definitely caught a chill, poor bloke. Little wonder, in this weather. Cold for spring, and wet enough to strike everyone down with lung fever. He continued to watch as the man sat hunched over his drink, his back to the flames. He sat so close that steam rose from his shoulders, but he seemed little bothered by the heat. If anything, he looked like he felt cold enough to crawl into the fireplace and pull the burning logs to his bosom. He took another careful sip of his hot drink, his gaze fixed rather dully on the floor in front of him. He really did look on his last legs. Bowen caught Barliman's eye as he turned away from serving the merchants their round. He jerked his chin and Barliman hurried over. "Ready for another?" "Naw, this is more than enough for me. Might bring me some of that stew in a little while. But I want to know... who's the fellow just come in, by the fire?" "That there's a Ranger, name of ..." The name was lost in a sudden swell of laughter from the merchants' table. "Spider? What kind of name is Spider?" "Strider," Barliman corrected. Bowen let out a soft snort. "That ain't much better. Strider. That's no name for a man. Sure it ain't Bill or Dick or Alder? I knew an Alder once and he was big and tall, just like the tree. That fellow there looks like he could be an Alder." "If he has another name, Alder or otherwise, I don't know what it is. He goes by Strider, has for years." That seemed plain wrong to Bowen. A man should have a proper name and Strider was anything but. Might as well call yourself Climber or Faller or Runner or Jumper. Strider was a name for a horse, not a man. Still, if the man went by Strider, wasn't a thing Bowen could say against it, he supposed. "Know him long?" "Long enough. He's all right, for a Ranger. Keeps himself to himself, mostly, but sometimes when it's a slow night in here and the mood's on him he'll tell a story. Stuff that'll raise the hair on the back of your neck." "True stories?" "Nah, I doubt it. Mostly stuff about countries so far off that nobody's ever heard of 'em. But to hear him talk, you'd think they were real enough for him to have been there. He tells a good tale, that one. Sings a good song, too, when he's of a mind to, though he'd never make a minstrel." "Good that he's a Ranger, then. He wanted to stay the night?" "Yes, but I'm full to the gills. He'd have to sleep on a table in here, which I don't allow. Can't have folks eating off tables that someone's spent the night drooling and snoring or worse all over." "He looks like he might be comin' down with something. I saw him shiver... could be ague. You surely aren't going to send him back out in the storm, him coming down with ague?" Barliman shifted uncomfortably. "Well now, it isn't like I enjoy turning away customers, but I can't hardly wave my hands and conjure up more rooms now, can I." "He can stay in my room," Bowen said, surprising himself. "And where then will you sleep?" "In there with him, of course. He can sleep on the floor. There's room." "You aren't afraid he'll knife you and rob you