Written for kink_bingo 2010 round. Prompt was "costumes." Warning for character death, rape/non-con, and torture/violence. Gets more disturbing as you read further. It was beyond the Banquet Halls, upon a porch far away from the party where Haldir found Legolas standing alone, enjoying the night wind rippling through his long hair. He had been seeking the elf for the past hour, hoping to get a chance to kiss his soft lips once more. Haldir had to smile when he found the wandering prince. "Of course," Haldir thought to himself. "Legolas would only come to such a place as this, far from all the noise. Only he would dare to be alone in the dark beside this ledge, looking out into the Sea without worry that someone could push him off." Prince Legolas was a mystery even among the Mirkwood elves his own kin, but Haldir found him most fair among any being he has ever met. At that moment he was admiring the stars as he softly sang to himself a song that spoke of tragedy and romance. His lithe frame was clothed in an elegant robe of greens, violets, and blues woven with golden thread. The tail of the robes pooled around him onto the marble ground, giving him the appearance of some exotic bird with a long tail. In his slender hands he held a mask of green and golden feathers adorned with emeralds. It was such an odd dress to choose to wear even for a masquerade, for the material was too thin to keep him warm in the night chill. And as he approached, Haldir noticed that nothing else was worn underneath, so he could make out the form of Legolas's naked body beneath the layer of fabric. Haldir glanced around themselves, noting that they were all alone. No one would want to be out on this night when a warm fire blazed inside on the large hearth of the dance room. Haldir himself would not have wished to be out here had his own attire not kept him warm. He thought of the delicious food they were missing right now, but at that moment he did not mind. What he desired most was getting closer to this strange elf, an elf who he's been intrigued by since their first meeting. Tonight seemed to be his greatest chance. No one could interrupt them. "Legolas, why are you not in the Halls for the merry-making?" Haldir asked as he stepped right behind the golden-haired elf. "Haldir! Has it been a year already?" Legolas turned and smiled, and Haldir saw that the prince had been crying. Up close he was even more beautiful, his large blue eyes dancing with a deep passion. But there was also a sadness deep within them that brought out Haldir's protective nature. "What is it that ails you?" he asked gently. They embraced, and Haldir took in the prince's scent, like a strange but beautiful rare flower that he had never encountered. He ran his hands through the silk robes, unable to stop himself. How soft the material felt, and softer still was the warm body beneath them. Legolas chuckled in Haldir's arms, enjoying the touch. He turned around so he was still in Haldir's arms but able to look out over the ledge. "Do you see the rocks over there, so far from the shore?" Haldir nodded. "These mountain ranges are perhaps Echoriath, which surrounded the now fallen city of Gondolin. Yes, I have read about them but I never thought one could spot them from here." "I have seen this mountain many times," Legolas said. "Inside one of the mountains lies a small cave." "How do you know this?" "I have heard a tale of that cave, one that no elf today knows about." Legolas grew silent as he continued to study the mountain top. "It is a night like this that I remember the story of Legolas of Gondolin. Do you know of his tragic tale?" "No, I haven't," Haldir said. "But I did not know he had a tragic tale. Very little is written about him, but I do know that he was a Noldo from the House of the Tree, a scout under the command of Galdor. " "These books speak lies," Legolas said. "Legolas of Gondolin was never a scout. Very few know his true story. For many years elven scholars have fought to erase his name from our history, but I found the scribes that told of his past. The very last scribes, for the others have been destroyed." Haldir inwardly sighed. There he went again spurting strange tales that Haldir found hard to believe, for Haldir lived by the book and was suspicious of anything that contradicted historic texts. But he was eager to remain by Legolas's side, so he decided to play along. "It must have taken you a long time to find these documents," he said, chuckling. "But it is understandable, for you share the same name, extremely rare among our kind." "Till now his tale griefs my heart," Legolas said, sighing. "Tell me what this tale is," Haldir said, brushing aside stray strands of golden hair from Legolas's brow and wrapping them over his ear. He recalled the sad look inside his friend's eyes earlier. "I wish to know what sort of tale has affected you so much." His hand snaked under the sleeve of the robes and stroked Legolas's arm. "The robes he wore are like those which I now wear," Legolas said. "His status in society was of lowest position, one full of shame, for he was to live his life giving pleasure to others." Haldir paused in his caresses. "I have never heard of such thing among the Eldar!" "Our history is written in blood," Legolas said. "It surprises me not. Thrice our people has slain their own kin, and always for insensible reasons! With that knowledge, does it now surprise you that an elf would be forced to live his days as a whore?" "That is fair to think," Haldir said, trying to understand why Legolas was telling him a tale so grievous. "But how did the poor elf end up with this cursed life?" Legolas did not respond at first. "All that is important to know is that he was alone in his status in Gondolin. He was a sad elf who eagerly gave his love to each of his clients, for he was incredibly lonely. He saw other elves in love and wanted to feel the same affection, but none would give him an ounce of love in return. "He was simply a vessel for them to use, and in return he was paid gold to give to the elves who owned him. He got none of the gold for himself; these robes were all he were allowed to wear so everyone would know who he was. So alone he was for a time, living in the shadows of Gondolin, his loneliness eating away at him. Till the day he met Haldir -" "Lord of the Haladin of Brethil?" Haldir said with a small look of amusement. He now understood Legolas's motive for the strange story. He was making it up as he went along, picking historic figures who they happened to share names with to weave in his little tale. Haldir glanced down at the robes and wanted to kick himself for not seeing it earlier: Legolas was trying to woo him in, and he made a story to explain his robes and the tears in his eyes. Why didn't Haldir see it earlier? Grinning, he nuzzled against Legolas's ear and kissed his neck. "I am beginning to see where this story is headed, though your tale is among an Elf and a Man. But if it is a Man you wish me to be tonight, I will happily comply." Legolas gave him an odd look for a brief moment and did not speak for a few moments, and Haldir felt his face flush. "Perhaps I was over-enthusiastic," he thought, wishing that Legolas would just drop his strange story and behave more normal in this relationship. But Legolas continued to look at him before a small smile appeared. "Haldir of the Haladin…yes, he was noble, adorned in the warrior armor much like the one you wear now, but with his helm on. He was traveling through the marshes one evening near Gondolin where Legolas was resting, and it was Legolas's song that drew him in." Legolas placed his mask on. "The elf was wearing his mask, as he always did for he was too ashamed to show his face among the rest of the elves. Haldir spotted Legolas easily in the Marshes, for elves commonly didn't wear something as bright as Legolas's robes. He was looking up at the stars, as what I had been doing when you found me." Next he turned around so he was looking at Haldir. He fished for Haldir's own mask tucked in the belt of his armor and placed it on him. "Haldir approached Legolas, but Legolas was at first timid, for he was not allowed to ever leave the city. Then he thought Haldir wished to bed him, so he willingly offered his body. Haldir was taken aback. He had fallen for Legolas's voice, but he did not want to simply bed him. He wished to know more about him, for he had fallen in love." The prince cuddled closer against Haldir. "When Legolas would not say his name, Haldir asked next if he could see his face. This also troubled Legolas, but after a while he was coaxed into revealing himself. Legolas said he will let Haldir see his face so long as he can take off Haldir's helm." Each elf placed his hands over the other's mask. "So together they lifted their mask and helm. The moment their eyes fell on one another, they were deeply in love." As he said this, Haldir and Legolas lifted the other's mask. Haldir regarded again the brightness in Legolas's eyes. Legolas smiled at him, and they leaned closer to share a kiss. Haldir deepened the kiss, taking in as much of Legolas as he could into his mouth, hoping that his story would end there, that the character Legolas of Gondolin would live the rest of his life in happiness with Haldir of the Haladin. Legolas moaned into the warm mouth and pulled away. Slightly disappointed, Haldir opened his eyes and saw that the sadness had returned in Legolas's eyes that quickly vanished when their eyes locked once more. Legolas's lower lip quivered slightly, but he said nothing of it. "There is something that bothers you," Haldir said. Legolas shook his head and looked away back over the ledge to the mountain top. Haldir continued to hold him, wondering what was going through his mind. A part of him began to suspect he would never get closer to this strange elf, that Legolas would live the rest of his mysterious life alone, always escaping the other elves to sit alone on porches in the dark cold nights. He held him tighter. "I won't ever let him suffer the way Legolas of Gondolin suffered," Haldir thought. When it seemed like Legolas was lost deep in his thoughts for too long, Haldir decided to break the silence. "What happened next? In the story?" Legolas took a deep breath and rested his head against Haldir's chest. "For the first time, Legolas experienced love - genuine love, love that someone was giving to him . But they had to keep their affair a secret. Haldir's own status meant he could only be with him in one way, and love was not allowed between them in that way." "How then did they express their love?" Legolas studied the hard mail of Haldir's costume. "There was a cave not too far from Gondolin in the Echoriath. That was where they met and made love, and