A/N: This one was written for HPWritersNet again on tumblr! Rated teen and up for language, including lewd conversations rife with double entendres. A minor warning for a single racial slur. Lily was admittedly already slightly tipsy. To be fair, she had been drinking since two in the afternoon and it was now seven. Really it was amazing she was only tipsy and not at the other end of the sobriety scale. She would have been proud of that fact had she not been trying to wing her eyeliner in the bathroom mirror for the last 15 minutes. As such, she was growing increasingly frustrated and her short temper was rearing it's ugly head. She heard footsteps growing closer down the hallway, and was relieved to see Emmeline poke her head through the bathroom door. "Everything okay in here?" Emmeline asked her. Lily glared at her reflection in the mirror. Emmeline's mouth was turned up in a smirk, a straw connecting her mouth to her vodka lime and soda. She was the last to arrive back at their shared apartment - her final exam had finished at four - and the only one who had the sense to get ready before consuming any alcohol. Lily's face scrunched up when she saw the perfection that was her best friend's own eyeliner. "Clearly not," Lily grumbled. Emmeline's laughter echoed off the walls of the bathroom. Lily turned to face her so she would receive the full power of her glare. Emmeline put her drink down on the sink and picked up the eyeliner Lily had thrown on the floor in anger. Emmeline maneuvered her body so she was standing under the right lighting and Lily closed her eyes in order to let her fix it. "Stop fluttering your eyes," Emmeline muttered. "You're poking a stick at my face, what am I s'posed to do?" Lily retorted. "Alright I'm done, quit whining already," Emmeline laughed, and she spun Lily to face the mirror again. Lily inspected the job her friend had done, though she already knew it would be perfect. "Thanks Em, you're a lifesaver," Lily said with an apologetic smile and a kiss on the cheek. The exchange between them was a regular one even when they were both sober, and Lily smiled back at Emmeline guiltily. Emmeline rolled her eyes and smiled as she turned to leave and Lily followed, eager to get out of the cramped bathroom so she could breathe again. They walked back down the hallway to the kitchen where their third best friend (and housemate) Marlene was munching on the last of the cheese cubes from earlier in the afternoon. Lily snatched the last one out of her hand and threw it into her own mouth with a grin. "Oh good, you're finally ready," Marlene teased. "Not all of us can pull off effortless chic like you do, Marls," Lily said with her mouth full. "Ah, Lily my dear, you have no idea of the power you possess," Marlene responded. All three girls burst into a fit of laughter. They stopped only when Marlene's phone began to ring from where it was plugged into the wall charging. She shushed the other two and answered the unknown number. The conversation only lasted a couple of seconds and Lily was completely baffled about what could have been said in such a short time. "Uber's here," Marlene declared. The three of them scrambled to grab their bags and down the last of the drinks. They made sure one of them had a key and then ran out the door of their flat and into the elevator. They only lived on the third floor of the building but they hadn't been able to work out where the stairs were since they moved in. It didn't bother them too much. Their drive to the bar was short, a distance they probably could have walked but as Marlene had pointed out that would mean less time for celebration. The bar was busier than usual, even for a Friday night. Nevertheless, they were still able to get their favourite booth that was the perfect distance between the bar and the karaoke stage. Hestia, their favourite barmaid had put a makeshift reservation sign on the table for them. As her best friends slid around the booth, Lily went up to the bar to seek out the barmaid in question. She had to weave through a few groups of people, but one of the only positives about her short stature was that it was much easier to squeeze through to the front. "Hestia!" Lily called over the music. Hestia looked up from the other end of the bar where she had just finished pouring someone a pint. She spotted Lily in an instant, the flaming red of her hair hard to miss even in the dim lighting of the pub. "Hi lady, how are you?" Hestia asked her with a smile. "Forever grateful for your service and blatant favouritism of your patrons," Lily responded with a giggle. "You're everyone's favourites," Hestia explained. "Mmmhmm, sure. I see the way you look at Emmeline every time you come clear our table," Lily said with a wink. It was hard to tell in the light, but Lily swore she saw a blush form on Hestia's cheeks. Hestia finished pouring their usual order and placed the last drink on the bar top. Lily gave her a tenner and told her to keep the change, carrying the three drinks carefully back to their table. She managed to arrive without spilling a drop and a breath of relief escaped her as she squished next to Marlene in the booth. "Hestia was checking you out again, Em," Lily said innocently. Her facade broke as soon as she finished her sentence, and giggles erupted from both her and Marlene. Emmeline sipped on her drink quietly, and Lily was certain a blush was rising on her cheeks. "When will you two bone already?" Marlene joked. "Marls!" Emmeline said, whacking Marlene on the arm. "Is it even boning when it's two girls? There's no bone," Lily pondered. "An incredibly good point there Lils, although maybe if one of them had a strap on?" All three of them burst into laughter at the question Marlene posed. Lily had managed to spit out half her drink onto the table which caused them all to laugh even more, and droplets of rum and coke were falling onto their laps. "Eeew, Lily, I wasn't supposed to be sticky and wet until later tonight," Marlene joked. Lily cackled beside her and almost choked on what was left of her drink. Marlene patted her on the back and Lily wiped a tear from her eye. She could already tell it was going to be a good night. Hestia brought over a basket of wedges and said they were on the house, and Lily almost inhaled half of them. It felt like hours since she'd last eaten, and her stomach was begging for something. Marlene whacked her hand away when she was on her tenth wedge in two minutes, reprimanding her for hogging them all. Lily huffed but was soon distracted by the first karaoke singer of the night. The hook for Ice Ice Baby started to play and Lily rolled her eyes, turning back to her friends. When she turned back to the table, both sets of eyes of her friends were looking at her with identical knowing smiles. "What?" she said slowly. Marlene's eyes gave them away when she looked down at what was the basket of wedges. "Hey!" Lily complained when she realised. "How did you even manage to finish them all so quick?" Her best friends burst into fits of laughter and Lily couldn't help but join them. Emmeline offered to get the next round of drinks and Lily and Marlene both teased her about Hestia again. Emmeline walked off with a blush forming on her cheeks again, and Lily downed the dregs of her rum and coke. Marlene had pulled her phone out of her pocket and was messaging someone on Tinder, and Lily was left to people watch. Most of the people in the bar were familiar faces from her university. Though she had no idea who any of them were, she'd seen them on campus multiple times, and some she even shared classes with. There were groups of people crowded around standing tables all throughout the small space in the bar. She couldn't lie to herself, she was scanning the crowd for someone in particular. She couldn't see him anywhere, and though she tried not to feel dejected Marlene could sense it without even looking at her. "Who are you looking for?" she asked, without even looking up from her phone. "How do you even know I'm looking for someone? I'm just looking," Lily tried to cover up. Marlene locked her phone with a click and put it down on the table in front of her. She looked at Lily with an eyebrow raised. Lily was not an easily intimidated woman, but the look Marlene was giving her right now would have made anyone spill their guts on sight. "Alright, alright! It's just this guy I sat next to in my exam today. I'd never met him before even though we both had the same class all semester and he - well we connected I guess," she confessed. "Lily Evans! Are you saying there may be a suitor on the horizon?" Marlene questioned, dramatic as always, with a hand on her heart. "This is why I didn't want to tell you," Lily pretended to grumble, but the smile on her face betrayed her. Emmeline arrived back at the table with their second round (or seventh, if you counted all the ones back at their apartment). "Lily has found herself a male suitor," Marlene shared. "Our darling girl, all grown up!" "I'm older than both of you!" "Technicalities," Emmeline dismissed with a wave of her hand. Lily looked at her shrewdly and noticed a napkin with something scribbled on it in her other hand. "What's that you've got?" Lily asked, pointing at the napkin. "Don't throw me under the bus just because you're getting grilled!" Marlene leant over and yanked the napkin out of her hand. Emmeline shrieked in surprise and both Marlene and Lily cackled in response. They studied it together and both their jaws dropped when they read it. "I can't believe you finally got her number," Marlene said in shock. "Give it back," Emmeline whined. Emmeline snatched the napkin back and pulled out her phone to store the number before it was lost again. Lily sipped her drink with a smile stretched across her face. Marlene sighed. "I can't believe Em is out here getting numbers from real people, and I've resorted to the scum of the Earth on Tinder." Lily snorted at her complaint. "You were just messaging someone on there." "It wasn't really a stimulating conversation Lils." "Oh you like to be stimulated do you Marls," Emmeline giggled. "I wouldn't mind it, yeah, but I don't think any stimulation whatsoever can come from a Tinder hook up," she complained again. Lily spun to face her friend, her mouth forming a small 'o'. "When did you hook up with someone from Tinder?" "Oh Lils, it was dreadful! I went over to his house after my statistics exam on Wednesday, I thought it would be a good stress release." Emmeline snorted at that and Marlene glared at her. "Anyway, we were kissing and he was so good at that but when we actually started to have sex it was like - like a rabbit trying to procreate." Lily and Emmeline screeched with laughter at her description. Marlene couldn't help but join in, and they laughed for a good five minutes at least. Lily felt abs forming in her stomach it hurt so much from laughing and she saw tears rolling down Emmeline's cheek. Lily