A/N: This one was loosely inspired by the prompt given to me for JilyChallenge Summer Tropes: I saw you staring and so decided to try to put on my suncream ~sensually~ but omg the lid just popped off and the whole bottle came out stOP grinning oMG Rating is only due to swearing and implied sexual content. Thank you to the people who read this, please let me know what you think! Don't forget you can find me on tumblr wotcherpotter. Lily was typing furiously away at her computer on an article that had nothing to do with "How To Find The Perfect Nude Lipstick" and more to do with the latest bill the Conservative Party had presented that morning in Parliament. She knew it was a long shot for something like that to be published in the magazine she worked for, but it was what she was passionate about. And even though the perfect nude lipstick was an important part of life she was finding it quite a dull topic to write about. Footsteps sounded behind her, and in a panic Lily closed out of the Google document she was working on, forgetting that she had a Facebook tab open as well and that would land her in equal amounts of trouble should her boss come up behind her. She should have known from the snuffles that accompanied the footsteps that it wasn't her boss, but her friend Alice coming back to sit at her own desk. Lily looked to her left and noted the puffiness of her Alice's eyes and the redness of her nose, and deduced she must have broken up with her boyfriend on her lunch break. Lily picked up the box of tissues on her desk and held them out towards Alice. "Is it super obvious?" Alice asked her, self consciously. Lily smiled sympathetically at her and Alice choked on a sob. "God, I always seem to do everything wrong." "Don't say that," Lily tried to console her. "It's true! It's always the same story too. It starts off great; I mean, the first time I had sex with Frank, it was so amazing that I cried." Alice pulled several more tissues out of the box Lily held out to her and dabbed at her eyes. "And then it's like we hit the 10 day mark and it's over, and I have no idea why. I can never see it coming." "You mean like, a single glistening tear, right?" Marlene, who sat to Lily's right, had joined the conversation. "No, I was so emotional, I even told him I loved him," Alice admitted. "After how many days?" Lily was almost afraid to ask. "Five…" Alice answered, and Lily gave her a disbelieving look. "Okay two, I just really felt a connection!" "Okay well… what did he say?" Lily pressed. "He didn't have to say anything, I knew he felt the same way. But then he started acting all weird and he was so busy all the time, I never knew where he was. I tried calling him over and over but he never answered." Lily shared a look with Marlene, which Alice caught as well. "He didn't know it was me! I didn't leave a message and my number is on private." "Right yeah, I bet he thought it was one of his friends. They always call each other 20 times and hang up," Marlene said with an eye roll. "Anyway," Alice interjected. "I know why he dumped me; I'm too fat." "You're not fat!" Lily and Marlene said in unison. The next morning, Lily was sat in the conference room for the morning meeting. It wasn't exactly a conventional room; instead of a large table and chairs, there was an assortment of several lounges, a coffee table, and arm chairs. Lily was sat next to Marlene on one of the lounges, with Alice on Marlene's right. Their shoes were left at the door, and their editor, Rita, was sat in an arm chair cross legged. "Morning team. Who wants to start us off?" Rita started, looking around the room. Narcissa, a petite woman sat at the coffee table, started her pitch on "Botox for Beginners" whilst Lily and Marlene made faces at each other mocking her. Lily was in the middle of miming being shocked at the content of the story, when Rita called on Alice. "Oh, uh, I haven't been feeling the best," Alice stuttered. "She got dumped," Marlene explained as she wrapped her arm around Alice's shoulders. A chorus of sympathies resounded around the room, but Lily noticed the cogs turning in Rita's head and didn't like the sense of uneasiness it gave her. "Excellent opportunity for a story, Alice! You should write about it," Rita suggested. Alice's face turned pale. "I can't write about my personal life for a story." "Oh, I understand completely," Rita consoled her, and Alice perked up. Rita turned to face the rest of the room. "Who will write about Alice's personal life for a story?" Several hands went up immediately, and Lily watched as Alice's face went from pale to slightly green. She wracked her brain for a way that she could fix this for Alice, divert Rita's attention or something. "I'll do it," she heard herself say. All eyes in the room turned to her, and Lily immediately regretted her decision to nominate herself for the task. Alice especially looked betrayed. She hadn't any idea how to work this into a story, unless - "I could… I could erm, well, look at Alice - she's a beautiful and amazing woman. But, she has a problem staying in a relationship, which, most of our readers struggle with as well because they don't really know what they're doing wrong." "Uh huh…" Rita nodded. "So what I was thinking is I could, erm… Start by dating a guy, and then drive him away by using the classic mistakes most woman, like Alice, make. I would keep a diary and it would be a kind of… dating how to, but the opposite," Lily finished. There was silence around the room, and Lily was regretting every decision she had ever made in her life that had lead her to that point, until - "Genius! 'How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days' it's brilliant," Rita clapped her hands excitedly. As she moved on Alice mouthed a thank you in Lily's direction and Lily shrugged her shoulders in confusion at both her and Marlene about what just happened. Lily got out of the cab and ran across the street into the bar she was meeting Marlene and Alice, escaping from the rain. She found them at a table by the window and kissed their cheeks in greeting, a drink ready and waiting for her. It was warm inside the bar for which she was thankful, and she took off the jacket she was wearing and hung it over the back of her stool. As she took the first sip of her drink, Alice brought up the article. "You are never going to pull this off," Alice said, shaking her head. Lily faked mock offence. "Sure I can! Tonight, I'll a hook a guy; tomorrow I'll flick the switch and by the end of the week he'll be running for his life." "You're not going to burn down his apartment or something, right?" Marlene queried. Lily giggled into her drink and shook her head. "I'm sticking to everything we do wrong in relationships; clingy, needy-" "Touchy-feely," Marlene interjected. "Oh, call him in the middle of the night and tell him you've been up planning your wedding, and would he prefer pink or blue accents?" "What's wrong with that?" Alice asked innocently. Lily and Marlene looked at her, praying to god she was joking. "I'm joking!" Alice said, but there was something in her eyes that made Lily think it must have happened at least once. They laughed together for the remainder of their first round, pointing out potential candidates for Lily to woo. When that their drinks were only ice, they journeyed together to the bar and abandoned their table in order to mingle. With her refill in hand, Lily journeyed off into the crowd to introduce herself to the men they spied on earlier. The first one she started speaking to turned out to be married and on a date with his wife, so that was a bust. The second had an issue with bad breath that she absolutely could not deal with for longer than five seconds, let alone for 10 days. She moved onto another, and another, and Lily was starting to doubt that she would be able to find anyone. She sat down at the bar, in part due to her apparent failure but also because her feet had began to ache. Slightly dejected and not sure where Marlene and Alice had ended up, she sat stirring the remnants of her current drink around the glass with her straw. "Hi," a voice sounded from her left. She turned to find a tall man with dark hair and skin, peeking through squared glasses and smiling blindingly at her. "Hi," she said coyly. He didn't seem to be able to say anymore than that, and there was an awkward moment where they were just staring at each other. "Lily Evans," she said, sticking her hand out for him to shake. "James Potter," he said, taking her hand. "So." "Attached?" Lily asked him, jumping straight to the chase. He seemed surprised at how forward she was, but didn't seem put off. "No," he answered. "Me neither," Lily added. James raised an eyebrow at her. "What?" Lily couldn't help but ask. "Just surprising is all. Are you hungry?" Lily hadn't realised until right then that she was absolutely starving. Her stomach rumbled. "You could say that," she said. He was grinning at her again and he stuck his arm out for her to grab onto. "One minute," Lily said. She had just spotted Marlene and Alice again at the same table they were seated when she arrived. "I'll be just outside," James said to her. She watched him walk away for a minute, admiring the broadness of his shoulders before turning and scurrying back to her friends. "I think I found one," Lily whispered. "He's walking out the door just now - don't make it obvious!" But Lily was too late to stop them gawking at his retreating figure. He seemed to sense their eyes on him and he turned to see all three of them looking in his direction. He waved with a smirk on his face. "Ooooh, Lily he is so cute," Alice enthused. "Enough gawking before he gets a fat head," Lily said, and reluctantly they turned back to her. "I'll check this one out and see if he's a keeper." "And if he is?" Alice asked. "Then she flicks the switch." Marlene answered. "Then I flick the switch." Lily confirmed, and she turned to leave. Lily was seated across from James at a dingy fish and chip shop, a pile of empty prawn shells on the table between them. When they had arrived the staff had greeted him like he was a regular, and he had gone on to explain sheepishly that he lived around the corner and the venue was a favourite of his for a hangover. He had made her laugh majority of the time they were there, regaling her with stories of his time at university and the shenanigans they had gotten up to. "What do you think?" James asked her. "Of the food? Delicious. Of you… the jury's still out," Lily teased. "Come on, Evans," James whined. "Anything I can do to help you decide?" "Actually, you could answer some questions," Lily suggested. James wiped his hands and face with a spare napkin, and sat up a little straighter in his chair. "Ask away," he gestured. "Well, what do you do?" Lily asked him.