Annabeth P.O.V. I quickly weaved through the crowds of New York, trying desperately to get to Starbucks which was just around the corner. People were trying to get their Christmas presents and such so it was extremely busy in the shopping district. With one last shove through the crowd I rounded the corner and entered the small coffee shop. I sighed when I felt the warm air hit my face. I was not made for the cold and as of right now it was freezing in NYC. I placed my bag down at my usual table and took off my coat and scarf. I hung my coat over my chair and neatly folded my scarf before putting it on the small table. I turned around and walked to the counter where I would order a drink and warm up a little. This was my standard coffee shop and every time I would get the same thing. I always sat in the same place and was greeted by the same people, but today something was different. Some one to be exact. There was a boy, about my age, standing behind the counter with one eyebrow raised and a small smile upon his face. He had messy raven black hair and bright sea green eyes. I was waiting for him to ask me what I wanted but he didn't. He didn't say anything. I raised my eyebrows and almost instantly he did the same. Just to try it I then scrunched my eyebrows together and sure enough he did the same. "Aren't you going to ask me what I want?" I finally asked. "Aren't you going to tell me what you want?" he said back. I tilted my head to the side slightly and narrowed my eyes. I looked down at his nametag and squinted my eyes slightly so that I could read it. Percy. Huh. Peculiar name. "Dyslexia?" he asked. "What?" I said. "Do you have dyslexia?" "How-?" "I have it too. I always squint my eyes when I'm reading small letters." He smiled sheepishly. I hummed in acknowledgement and looked up at the menu even though I already knew what I was getting. "Can I get a hazelnut hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin, please?" "Which size?" "Um, Venti." I said as he grabbed a cup and a sharpie. "Name?" "Annabeth." I said. He looked up. "What?" "Unique name." he said. "So is Percy." I said. "Well I was going to say I liked it but you've hurt my feelings." He said while writing down my name in sloppy handwriting. "I never said I didn't like your name." I said. He looked up at me and grinned. "But I didn't say I liked it either." He narrowed his eyes playfully. "Bully." He mumbled. "Is this how you treat all your customers?" I asked. "Well, you're my first customer so that's a no." he said while grabbing a blueberry muffin. "Here or to go?" "Here." I said and he put the muffin on a plate. I payed him and walked back to sat at my table until my name was called. I was once again sitting at my table reading a book and sipping my drink when someone pulled up a chair across from me. I looked up from the book I was reading to find Percy staring at me intently. "Shouldn't you be at work?" I asked while looking back down. "It's my break. Whatcha reading?" "Looking for Alaska." I said. "Oh yeah that's gonna be a movie right?" he asked. I nodded. "Movies are just so much better than books." I looked up at him. "Oh my gods. You did not just say that to me." "I kind of did." "How can you can you even think such a thing?" "It's just true." He said and so begun the great debate of books and movies. "I mean why would you read if you could just a) spend less money and b) it's less work." Percy said. "Um maybe because books have way more details and you can take them wherever you want and you know what without books most movies wouldn't even be here. Deep quotes probably wouldn't either." I said. "Oh come on. Deep quotes?" "Exhibit A," I said while flipping to a certain page in my book. "' Nothing is instant.' Exhibit B: ' How will we ever get out of this labyrinth of suffering?' Exhibit C: 'When adults say, "Teenagers think they are invincible," with that sly, stupid smile on their faces, they don't know how right they are. We need never be hopeless, because we can never be irreparably broke. We think we are invincible because we are. We cannot be born and we cannot die. Like all energy, we can only change shapes and sizes and manifestations. They forget that when they get old. They get scared of losing and failing. But that part of us greater than the sum of our parts cannot begin and cannot end, and so it cannot fail.' " "Okay…" Percy said. "So that specific book has some quotes." "Oh yeah?" I asked. I pulled To Kill a Mockingbird out of my bag and read one of my favorite quotes. " 'People generally see what they look for, and hear what they listen for.' Boom. Pow." "Oh getting cocky are we?" "Yes. Yes we are." "And you 'just so happened' to have an extra dramatic book in your bag?" "You will lose this war, Percy. Give up now while you still can." I said. He stuck his tong out childishly. "Hey what's your last name?" Percy asked randomly. "Chase." I said. "Okay. Mine is Jackson." "Okay." "So Ms. Chase. What are your interests besides, obviously, reading?" he asked resting his chin in his palm. "Architecture." I said without thinking. "Oh and sometimes I draw." "Annabeth the artist and Annabeth the architect. Huh. They both have a nice ring to them." He said thoughtfully. "What are yours?" I asked. "Swimming." He said. "And serving coffee to pretty girls." He wiggled his eyebrows which made me laugh. We talked for about five more minutes until my alarm went off, signaling I had to leave. "I gotta go." I said standing up while Polaroid by Imagine Dragons played "And she listens to Imagine Dragons." Percy shook his head in disbelief. I rolled my eyes. "Bye Percy." I said. "Bye Annabeth." ~o0o~ A few days later I went back to the coffee shop, not really expecting to see Percy there. I shook some snow out of my hair as I put my things down on my regular table. I walked to the counter and stood behind an Asian girl with long hair that fell in perfect ringlets and more make-up on then I'd ever seen anyone wear. She was leaning far over the counter twisting a piece of hair around her finger flirting with a very uncomfortable Percy. His eyes met mine a few seconds later and his face lit up. He quickly ended his 'conversation' with the girl and waved me over. "Annabeth!" he yelled louder than necessary. "Percy!" I said mocking him. "You haven't been here in like…forever!" he said dramatically. "It's been three days Percy." I said. "Yeah… and that's alot." I laughed. "I want a hazelnut hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin." I said. "Oh, a woman of tradition I see." Percy said. "Yep. Now get me my grub." Percy laughed but did as told. "Venti?" he asked "Always." I said. He wrote my order on my cup and put my muffin on a plate and handed it to me. "And since you and I are now friends," he gave me a pointed look. "You get 15% off. You're welcome." "Oh, cool. Thanks." I said as I walked away to sit down. Five minutes later my name was called. I took the cup and sat back down at my table. Annabeth 732-757-2923 Totally Platonic I shook my head in disbelief but put his number in my phone anyways. To: Percy You're an idiot. I looked over to Percy who was grinning down at his phone. From: Percy Thanks! How do ya like the cofee? To: Percy It's hot chocolate. Learn to spell From: Percy Whatever Wise Girl. To: Percy Whatever Seaweed Brain. ~o0o~ "So," Percy said. "What're you doing for Christmas?" I looked up from my book to find Percy sitting across from me with a Christmas hat on. "My family doesn't really do Christmas." I said simply. "What?!" Percy yelled, nearly making me spill my drink. "I am simply… aghast!" I nodded my head at his correct use of a word so far out of his usual vocabulary. "How long has this been going on?" "Since I was seven or something." "Sweet baby Jesus!" Percy yelled. "How are you even alive?" "Well I haven't really-" "Annabeth Chase we must do something about this immediately." "Percy I don't-" "No! Annabeth you do! What's the first thing on your Christmas List?" "My- what?" "Your Christmas List. Everyone has a Christmas List. You do have a Christmas List don't you?" "I mean…yeah but-" "Good. What's the first thing?" Percy asked. I sighed. "Well I don't have it right now." I said. "It's at my house." "Then let's go to your house." Percy said like it was obvious. "But you have to work and-" I sighed. "Whatever. Let's go." We both put on our jackets and walked outside. Ten minutes later we were standing in my room looking for my Christmas List. "Perce I don't think-" "Got it!" he said waving it over his head. "How do you know?" "It says: Annabeth Chase's Christmas Wish List. " "Okay good point." I said while grabbing it out of his hands. "First thing is… Meeting Santa Claus…" I trailed off. "No. Annabeth no." Percy said. "Annabeth Chase do not tell me you have never met Santa before." "Sorry…?" "Annabeth why are you doing this to me?" "Well I was only seven and I was too young…" "Too young? Beth, I met Santa every year since I was two years old." "Wait every year?" "Yes. Is there a problem?" "No but don't you think you're a little old for that?" I asked. "Wha- no! You are never too old to meet Santa Claus. Now come!" Percy grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the door. "Where are we going?" "To meet Santa of course!" Percy said while dragging me back out the door. He rambled on about what a disgrace it was that I'd never met Santa before until we reached the mall. A few minutes later we were standing in a line full of little kids and Percy was grinning from ear to ear. "What do I even say to him?" I asked. "Just tell him what you want for Christmas. I'll go first." "Okay." Percy P.O.V. "It's almost our turn!" I said happily. "Yeah…" Annabeth said a little less enthusiastically. "Come on Beth." I said. "It's gonna be fine! Santa's nice!" "Percy we're eighteen years old." "Yes I realize that. You aren't embarrassed, are you?" "Maybe a little…?" she said. "Awww Beth! Live a little. Watch me." I said as I walked up to Santa Claus and sat down on his lap. "Ho ho ho! Hello young man! What would you like this year?" He said. "See that pretty girl with the blond hair?" I whispered. He nodded. "Her family doesn't really celebrate Christmas so I'm trying to give her the best Christmas ever, right? I need you to be overly nice to her and give her a candy cane and then tell me what she wants for Christmas." I then leaned back. "Please?" "Of course young man. Santa will give you your Christmas gift." He said. I grinned. "Thanks Santa!" I said before jumping off of his lap and walking to the side to wait for Annabeth. She tentatively walked to Santa and sat down. She looked adorable as she whispered