A/N: Hi. If you don't know, i'm NicoDiAngelo32. Apparently, if you haven't noticed yet, I am a HUGE Nico Di Angelo fan. So I have decided to write a Pernico/Percico fanfic! Don't like don't read please. It's my first time writing in a gay boy's perspective. Thank you! Read on! Nico's Point of View ' You're basically trying to get yourself killed, idiot.' I scolded myself. The hazy, orange, pinkish sunset was flaming up the sky and a piercing beam hit me in the eye. Raising my arm to my forehead, I squinted. There was a hint of dark clouds and I felt something worry at the back of my mind. Usually, with a bunch of the Big Three's children around, storms didn't pop up for no reason. It looked like there was a thunderstorm coming in. I needed to get moving. I didn't exactly have the time, but I knew that it was almost past 5:00. I flicked a skinny branch into the already blazing fire. The embers glowed a crimson color as the dank smoke rose slowly in the air. That was like a flare to the monsters to come and devour me. I smiled a bitter smile. It was getting dark soon. I would have to move. I was sitting directly at the edge of Camp Half Blood's border, about 2 miles where Thalia's tree grew. I could see the glint of gold flash on the tree and Peleus shrouding it. Rolling my neck, trying to get rid of the cramp, I shed my jacket. The thick aviator jacket that I had forever was a bit dusty and smelled like...well, the smell of death. Mix in some fear. Throw some betrayal in. Sprinkle your favorite type of hate and you got the smell of Hades Psycho Kid Version 2.0.. Shaking my head from my absent minded thoughts, I kick dirt onto the fire. My skinny white arms were covered with scars circled around my shoulders. ' Why are you even here?' I snarled to myself. Yeah, I was totally sane, whispering nonsense to myself. I knew the answer to the question. I was here because of Percy Jackson. Always for Percy Jackson. Flashback: It was dark. Unearthly dark. It was in the dead of the night, and I had just shadow traveled across half the world. I stumbled into a bush, and windmilled my arms in order to keep my balance. Gaining my control, I flicked my hoodie over my head and thanked the gods I was wearing all black. I didn't want to be found, but if I did, good things wouldn't come out. Nothing good came out of what I did. I stood at the entrance of my old school, the school that Percy had rescued me from. I remembered when I was the naive, little, boy that loved stupid card games. I wanted to go back. I'd rather be a oblivious brat then a sick, vengeful man. Percy. That idiot. He had let my sister die. Her life was another that he threw away, just like every other monster that he slayed. I twisted my hands inside my pockets and I felt my face go flat. My brain automatically went blank at the sound of his name. I always did this. Avoided talking about it to anyone. I couldn't even think over my feelings to myself. The man that I despised so much was a caring, loyal, bastard. I hated every part of him. I could slowly feel my insides curl up and I mentally scolded myself. I rubbed my eyes. I was tired. I needed rest. I came to this school to get a decent place to sleep. I lowered my hand to my side but then yanked it back, hissing. My hand burned. My eyes darted to my Stygian sword, the obsidian stone glittering. Shaking my head at my foolishness, I glanced around. I needed to focus. I was the son of Hades, not some pubescent teenager with the attention span of 2 seconds. I was contemplating how to break in when an image shimmered in front of me. I quickly drew my blade and cursed. 'These monsters aren't ever going to give me a break, are they?' I backed up and felt my body twist up in a natural defensive position. The mirage glittered and cleared out. Almost like a T.V, it was staticky for a second, and then cleared out. To my surprise, I looked at the aged face of Chiron the Centaur. His faced seemed graver, serious, with no trace of a smile. " Nico. How long has it been since I have seen you?" I calculated. What? 7 months? 8? I raised a brow and sneered back, "Isn't it sort of late for polite greetings, Chiron? What do you want from me?" I felt bad, actually, for yelling at him, but I wasn't intent on making idle chatter. I was cranky and I could feel the weariness of shadow travel creeping up on me. I needed a place to crash. " Nico, I know you didn't leave off on good terms with Camp Half Blood bu-" I interrupted him with a guttural snarl. He wanted to drag me back to that hell hole. I wanted to laugh. Such irony, that I belonged more with the dead than with the living. I wasn't their kind. I wasn't a NORMAL demigod. I felt the insane side light up. I was an outcast in a group of outcasts. If I was the son of Apollo, it wouldn't be like this. I would be popular, liked. If I was the son of Demeter, or any other god, it wouldn't be like this. Besides Hades himself, I was alone in this wretched world. " Chiron, in case you haven't noticed, I just can't creep in, make some friends, grab some fries, and leave. I'm the Son of Hades. Hades. I'm sorry. You don't know what it's like, and you'll never know what it's like. I'm not going to try to explain it to you. And for the last time, leave me alone. I don't want to join your fun summer camp. Leave that to the heroes." I let my voice stay flat. No matter how many times I had been rejected, it still burned like hell in my gut. Those 'Woah, what's up with that emo kid?' looks. Yeah, to all out there who thought I wouldn't notice? Real smooth acting there. I could basically read the minds of these basic people. The Greeks hadn't accepted me. The Romans hadn't accepted me. My own father wouldn't accept me. I wished that I was dead, so I could just meet with Bianca. She was the only one who understood me. She died to save the world, but I was going to make up for it. " Nico! Please erase all your irrational hate towards us and listen!" I wanted to simply state 'No.' but I knew that I was being childish. "Chiron. If it's about me join your sun and smiles camp, i'm not up for it. You have a limited time to talk. And then I won't listen anymore. And don't Iris message me whenever you want. It's getting on my nerves." I knew it was disrespectful to talk to an elder leader, but I was the freaking son of Hades. It was about time I got some respect. I was sick of being a spawn of the Big Three, but actually being treated like I was the age of three. " Nico, if you haven't noticed...there's something wrong with Percy." My pulse picked up and my heart dropped. Wrong? As in...died? Demigods never lived long. But this was Percy Jackson. All hail Percy-I Can- Survive-Pretty-Much-Any-Crap-Jackson. I snapped back to attention. "Something is wrong with Annabeth. She has disappeared from the face of this Earth. She went on a quest, and…." I heard Chiron's voice choke up. "And no one knows of her location. Not even the gods. It has been almost 5 months and we don't have one lead on her. We're not sure if she's alive or…" I could hear how much trouble he had finishing the last part. " -or dead." I finished. Chiron nodded and I could hear the crackling of fire behind him. I sat down on the soft soil. The Iris message was going to run out soon anyway. "So what is my part in this? I'm not your personal Hellhound. I can't just magically sniff her out. I'm not your personal butler either. Ask Jason. Or Piper. Or Frank. Not me." Chiron's weary eyes seemed to droop further. "Nico, dear child, have you been aware of the storms?" I nodded. My skeleton servant had came to me a few days ago, announcing something about a mass storm. I figured it was just Poseidon and Zeus bickering about something stupid again. "Rachel has received a short sight on you. She said something about you healing the gap between the riffs. All these storms are because of Percy. He might even cause hurricanes and mass tsunamis if he doesn't stop grieving." Chiron paused to feed another drachma to the call and the screen flickered. "I don't know what to do. At Camp Half Blood, it is raining constantly. I think that he knows that she may not be...coming back. He is going to cause some real damage soon to the other campers, and himself if he doesn't stop. He hasn't eaten in almost 3 days. His cabin door is locked and he will not open the door to anyone. I'm not sure if he's done anything else but sit there, staring out at his window. I don't know if he has been sleeping. He's going to drain himself completely at this rate." I winced. No eating? No sleeping? No interacting? That sounded like me when Bianca died. I remembered the nightmares that would wake me up, screaming. " Yeah, so when do I come in the big picture?" Chiron paused. " Rachel thinks that you might be able to...help Percy. Apparently, you will heal his wounds." I felt a million useless complaints bubble up in my throat. A strangled laugh spilled out. "What am I supposed to do? Talk to him about my dark times? Teach him how to be creepy? Yeah. Right. Go and tell Rachel that her prophecies suck. I'm not Annabeth's replacement. For gods fuc-" Chiron gave me a look. "-freaking sake. This doesn't even look like I can help!" I stood up, angry. Chiron looked panicked. "Nico! Please! I beg of you! We beg of you. For the sake of Annabeth. For the sake of Percy. For the sake of the camp. Come, before Percy brings destruction to himself and the Camp. Try. If it doesn't work, then you can leave. Please. Come tomorrow." I shook my head. I really wanted to punch the Iris Message. Did Chiron really think that he could guilt me into listening to some flimsy prophecy? I didn't care if they were in danger. They were half bloods. They literally could control elements of the Earth. They had special talents. Demigods were in danger all the time. This was no different. I felt the urge tugging in my lungs. I was itching to shadow travel somewhere else. I scratched my hair warily. I've seen the destruction that Percy could do when depressed. His hair raising power could destroy hundreds, even without meaning too. I spat on the ground. I shrugged and mumbled, "Whatever. Tomorrow. I'm going to stay for an hour. If it doesn't look like it's going to work, i'm leaving." I didn't want to stay with the guy that...ruined my life. I didn't want to be with the guy that I hated. I didn't want to be screwed up around a guy that I possibly wanted to kill. I remembered what happened a few months ago with Jason. Mr. Superman was there when I had confessed my