Disclaimer: not mine. A/N: I would like to stress that this is AU and while it follows some of the events in the book, it does spin off on its own tangent. That said, enjoy! ...ooo... But Aragorn came to Eowyn, and he said: 'Here there is a grievous hurt and a heavy blow.' 'I have, maybe, the power to heal her body, and to recall her from the dark valley. But to what she will awake: hope or forgetfulness, or despair, I do not know. And if to despair, then she will die, unless other healing comes which I cannot bring. Alas! For her deeds have set her among the queens of great renown.' Then Aragorn stooped and looked in her face, and it was indeed white as a lily, cold as frost, and hard as graven stone. But he bent and kissed her on the brow, and called her softly, saying: 'Eowyn Eomund's daughter, awake! For your enemy has passed away!' —from 'The Houses of Healing' in The Return of the King ...ooo... She woke in the darkness, dazed and disoriented, and for a moment lay with nothing but the sound of her own harsh breathing in her ears. Her long hair was matted and scratched the back of her neck, and the blanket that covered her was drenched with sweat. Feeling lost and alone, she resisted the urge to call out for a mother she had not known since childhood. After a time, her breathing slowed and she tried to sit up, noticing for the first time that her shield arm was held in a linen sling. The events of the past day came back to her then, in a rush of metal and death, and she turned and groped clumsily beside her bed for a basin, into which she retched violently, over and over again, until there was nothing left to expel. Shivering in the warm night air, she subsided back against the damp sheets and pulled the wool blanket up awkwardly with her uninjured arm. The smell of burning flesh hung in the air and at last she knew herself to be in the House of Healing in the city of Minas Tirith. In the distance she could hear the cries and moans of the wounded and dying, and she lay there until their voices lulled her, once more, into an uneasy sleep. ...ooo... The next time she woke, it was no longer night and the sun cast prisms of light against the stone walls. Her eyes darted around the room, confirming her earlier guess of its identity. Hers was the only bed, but through the open doorway she could see row upon row of cots and more men covering the floors, which were lined with straw to catch their blood. Then, a glimmer in the far corner caught her glance and she turned to see her discarded armour heaped in a pile against the stone. A hoarse cry of relief rose in her when she saw that her sword was there as well, blackened and charred, but whole. At her noise, a woman stirred and half rose from a chair that she had missed in her hasty inspection. "Is your ladyship finally awake?" she asked, and without waiting for a reply, stood and bustled over. Eowyn tried to rise as well, but the world tipped and spun and she was forced to close her eyes for a moment. "Stay still, my lady—for you've had quite the fall—and let me see to your injuries first." And clucking, she gently pulled back the blanket and set about checking bandages and rinsing the wounds beneath with a damp cloth. A wholesome, sweet smell rose in the room and pushed away the stench of death and decay, and Eowyn, drawing in a deep breath, felt the earth begin to right itself again. "May I ask…" her voice cracked and she cleared her throat, "your name?" "Of course, my lady. I am Brighid, sister of Ioreth, who runs this place. Your brother, Lord Eomer, charged me with your care." She considered this for a moment. "The battle?" "Is over, and has been for two days now. You slept quite a time." And the matronly woman reached down and felt the broken arm gently, making a sound of satisfaction in the back of her throat. "I've never seen such injuries as yours heal as quickly as they do. You were blessed indeed to have the king himself attend you as he did." Snatches of hazy memory returned to her then, of a man's lips on her brow and hand on her arm, but she thought them to be fragments of her disjointed dreams and furrowed her brow in uncertainty. "The king is dead?" she ventured haltingly, thinking of Theoden, and Theodred as well. "Aye, 'tis true we've not had a king these long years, but after the battle they crowned one anew, and 'twas he who came and healed you." "His name?" she asked faintly, as the darkness rose once more to claim her. "King Elessar." ...ooo... The third time she awoke, from dreams of cruel laughter and grey eyes, it was silent and still. There were no more groans, and the air was hot and heavy. A fly turned lazy curls above the now empty chair near the wall. Brighid was gone, but she had left a tray of food and water in her place. Slowly, slowly, with weak limbs, Eowyn rose and went to the table. Her arm shook slightly as she raised the goblet to her mouth, but with iron control she willed the tremor away and was gratified to see that she spilled not a drop. Though not hungry, she forced herself to choke down some broth and bread, having a warrior's knowledge of the body's needs, no matter what the mind would say. A slight breeze reached her then, through the high opening in the stone that passed for a window, and she was hit by a sudden and fierce longing to feel the wind in her hair and the naked sun on her face. Going over to her abandoned armour and bending down slowly and with much care, she sifted through the chain mail with her one hand until she reached the under tunic and leggings. They were stiff and crusted with dry blood and dirt, but she was indifferent to their condition and merely brushed off the worst of the grime before removing her linen shift and pulling them on. She wandered slowly through room after room of injured men and grim-faced wives until she was free of the stone and in the air once more. It was cold and windy and from the steps of the infirmary she could see nothing but miles of stone and brick, descending, spreading down to the plains—and her eyes skittered away then, from the place she was not ready to remember and sought instead some patch of green where they might rest and be comforted. Around the side of the building she spied an herb patch and followed its winding path to a larger garden, containing a giant tree and a fountain, whose walls overlooked the river Anduin and the mountain range beyond. She was hit then, by such a wave of sickness for her own plains and mountains that she was knocked back onto a nearby bench. When Brighid found her, dusk had almost turned to night, and still she sat, motionless, as the wind cut into her cheeks and whipped her hair into a crow's nest of tangles. Brighid tisked and fussed and led her gently back inside, where she suffered her hair to be washed and braided into a tight plait down her back, and her bandages changed once more. After a disapproving glance at her filthy clothes, Brighid turned and disappeared, returning a moment later with a green woollen dress draped over one arm. Eowyn saw that it was not from her own wardrobe, but she asked no questions and tried not to wonder at the fate of its previous owner as she put it on, thankful that at least it was not bloodied or torn and slightly too short as opposed to slightly too long. Brighid was wise enough not to offer a mirror and Eowyn was wise enough not to ask for one. She'd never thought of her appearance without some lingering disappointment, but she was afraid if she looked now, it would be the face of a dead woman that stared back at her. ...ooo... She returned to the garden the next day, and when Brighid, coming to collect the tray of food she'd left earlier, saw that it remained untouched and that her charge had not moved from her frozen seat, she merely shook her head and went away again without a word. When she returned with dinner, she was not alone, and Eowyn watched absently as a man with a wooden cane limped towards her behind Brighid. "This is Lord Faramir, your ladyship," she announced loudly, setting the new tray down next to Eowyn's impassive form. "His lordship was injured in battle like yourself, and he too was in need of fresh air. Mayhap you two will keep each other out of trouble." And she gestured at him from behind Eowyn to take a seat, before turning on her heel and leaving with a satisfied nod. Eowyn saw that he was pale and sweating from his walk, and she pushed the tray towards him with a faint smile. "Please, my lord, I think you have more need of this than me. Eat and revive yourself." He thanked her with a look and a smile of his own, and she saw that his brown eyes were warm and open and felt with surprise that she was hungry as well. They shared the meal and warm mead between them in the fading sun and there was nothing said for the thoughts of both weighed heavy upon them. ...ooo... She walked in the garden each day after that, and Faramir was often with her, telling her stories of his childhood and the city she saw before her. In truth, she heard little and said less, but his voice soothed her, rising and falling like waves on the sea, and gave her some peace from the feelings that plagued her. And Faramir was happy when he could make her smile, though she never laughed, or draw forth some comment or another, and he was more than half in love with her by the end of the first day. He saw, with concern, the paleness of her already fair skin and how she shivered always, even in the sun. But when he mentioned it to Brighid, she only shook her head and replied sorrowfully that her ladyship always trembled, even when her bed was warmed with bricks. The next time they met, he handed her a cloak and told her how it had been his mother's and how it had kept her warm on the coldest of days because it was made from elvish cloth. She gently shook it out and ran her unbroken hand over the blue velvet, tracing the silver stars woven along the edge. Then he took it from her again and draped it carefully over her shoulders and they both chose not to see that her tremors continued regardless, but sat instead by the fountain and talked of nothing. Faramir noticed how the blue in the cloak matched the blue in her eyes and brought out the creamy white of her neck, but Eowyn, staring at her uneven reflection in the water, saw a pale, wild thing with dark bruises and a haunted look, and turned away. ...ooo... A week or more passed in this way, and under Brighid's care her body slowly regained much of its former strength. Her restlessness increased as well until one day she turned to Faramir and, cutting him off in the middle