I tap my foot against the glossy floor. The hem of my dress sways slightly. With a sigh, I check the clock on the wall. I have literally been stuck in this meeting for two and a half hours. My father sits across the room with a pen in his hand as he argues with my mother over my presentation for the following morning. I want to laugh in their face. As if I am actually going tomorrow. There is a knock on the door and my father calls for them to come in. Our servant, Donner walks in with a tray of tea. He sets it on the table with careful ease. "Thank you, Donner," My father says without even looking up from his scribbled notes. "You may go." "Father," I cut in, taking a step forward. "May I go as well? I was hoping to water the garden before it gets too dark out." "We do have a gardener, Madge. Who we pay to do that very job." He counters. "I like to do it every now and then. It clears my head." I say simply. My father looks up at me and his bright blue eyes mirror my own. He hesitates but I give him my most innocent smile and he caves. He always caves. With a long, exasperated sigh, he says, "Fine, fine. Go along, Madge." "Thank you, Father." I say quickly. Donner opens the door for me and I smile. Once we are both safely in the hallway with the door shut behind us, I turn to him, arms folded across my white dress. "You know, Donner," I begin, "It is quite rude to walk into a room and not greet a lady properly..." Donner nods his head and stands up taller. He's thin and tall but not gangly. His tan skin compliments his dirty blonde hair in the most perfect way. He folds his hands together and says, "Oh? My apologies, Miss Undersee. What sort of greeting did you have in mind?" I wait for him to crack a smile and after a long pause, he does. It's then that I smirk and pull his head into my own. Our lips crash together and before I know it, Donner has me pinned to the wall right outside of my father's office. How very adventurous of us. Donner kisses my neck and I let out a sigh. "We really should stop doing this so close to my parents, ya know. They could catch us at any moment." I wrap my hands around his waist. He looks up at me and kisses my cheek quickly. "That's what makes it so much fun, Madge." I nod in agreement and then pull him back into me, our lips colliding in a mess of passion and lust and curiosity. "It's their fault, anyways." I whisper in between kisses. "For hiring a servant who is exactly the same age as their young and bright daughter. And a good looking servant at that." Donner laughs too loudly and I throw my hand over his mouth to silence him. For the six months that we have been sneaking around, he has yet to grasp the concept of being quiet. It is amazing that we haven't been caught yet. He removes my hand and then kisses me passionately, his tongue slipping into my mouth. I want to giggle but I am too afraid of my parents hearing. Instead, I run my hand through his hair, messing it up. He glares at me but I kiss his nose and his glare disappears. "Can I get you anything, Miss Underseee?" Donner teases before kissing my neck again. I close my eyes. "Yes, Servant Donner. You can get me out of this God-forsaken house." "Your wish is my command, beautiful." He holds out his hand and I take it with a mile long grin stretched across my face. We race down the hallway, practically tripping over each other as we do so. I let out a laugh when we have made it to the bottom level safely and without being caught. We sneak past a set of servants and head for the back door that leads out to the gardens. When I open the door, I am met with the beautiful and instantly refreshing taste of the evening, summer air. It brings out the best in me. It feels like most of my days are spent trapped inside our stupid mansion hearing lecture over lecture about how important it is to uphold the Undersee name. Why is it even important? We're not even royalty! Not anymore, anyways. Our royal throne of District Twelve ended when my grandfather killed himself and gave up his throne in his suicide note. He wouldn't let them give it to my father, who was only a little boy. He wrote specifically, "My son shall not carry on the royal Undersee name. He is forbidden from taking the throne in my place." From there, I guess the process got really sticky. They had to give the throne to somebody, after all. After months and months of arguing, it was decided that the District Twelve kingdom would go to the Hawthorne's, who apparently had a royal descent of some kind. Good for them. I don't want any part in the politics of the Kingdom. I feel Donner touch his fingertips to my own and I am pulled back to the gardens. His touch doesn't linger. Not out here, where anyone in our mansion could see us. I touch a blooming flower and lean down to smell it. I smile. It smells like summer. "So, are you prepared for tomorrow, Miss Undersee?" Donner asks before cupping the back of his neck in his hand. He is nervous. I shrug and keep my eyes on the flowers and not on him. "What's there to prepare for? I am going to go in there and act like a fool. They'll never choose me. Out of all of District 12, only 12 girls are chosen. I say the odds are against me, thankfully." "Yeah, but your family's royal throne was taken by the Hawthorne's. That's good drama. I can see the running promos now, "Prince Hawthorne's father stole the royal throne from Miss Madge Undersee's father... Star-crossed lovers! Let's all root for them to fall madly in love!" I sigh and turn on my heel quickly to face Donner. I finally look him in the eye and say, "I am going to do everything in my power to make them hate me tomorrow. I will be offensive, arrogant, and just plain rude. What kind of girls do they pick for The Princess Games, Donner? The pretty, pro-capitol girls with fine manners and bows in their hair. They don't want someone who has the potential to make stabs at the Capitol on national television." Donner considers this. "I guess you're right." I smile because of course I am. Every year, the Capitol features a new district to take part in the the Princess Games. They take the eligible prince of that district and give him 12 girls. From there, it's a three month long competition to compete for the Prince's affection and love. Every week, the Prince eliminates a girl and she is sent home. In the end, whoever is left marries the Prince and becomes Princess. And lucky District 12, this is our year. Prince Gale Hawthorne will search for his Princess and together, they will rule the kingdom. (One day, anyways). Prince Gale won't technically rule until he is King, and that won't be until his father passes. Anyways, they bring down these Capitol snobs who interview all the girls aged sixteen to eighteen and then make their pick the next day. If you're chosen, it's off to the district castle you go. They'll prep you up and make you all pretty before the games begin, of course. Everything is filmed and aired across the entire nation. How kind. I grab the empty water can off the ground and take it over to the pump. Donner follows behind me wordlessly. I know he's still worried and nothing I say will be able to really, truly, change that. He holds the can for me as I pump the handle. Fresh, cool water begins to flow and fill up my water can. When it's nearly overflowing, I stop and reach for it. It's heavy, but I refuse to let Donner carry it for me. I am more than capable of watering some flowers. "Ya know, Donner, it's kind of cute how worried you are about me." I say as I water some tulips. He laughs from behind me and I turn my head over my shoulder to get a glance at him. He says, "Don't read too much into it. It's not like I completely adore you or anything." I smile and feel my cheeks go red. I spin around and set the water can down. It sloshes and spills over onto my shoes. I cross my arms over my chest and look him straight in the eye. "Donner?" I ask. "Yes, Miss Undersee?" I swallow hard. "Um… can I ask you something?" He shrugs. "Are you… are we… is this…" I groan and throw my hands over my face. I don't understand how this is all supposed to work. Where's the line between two kids messing around and a real relationship? Donner shakes his head, clearly confused. "Madge, I don't understand…" I sigh and slowly, drag my hands off my face. "Look, Donner. Regardless of what happens tomorrow, although nothing will, it's about time we figured out what we're doing. Are we together?" Donner only stares at me in response. His deep green eyes are wide and bright. Those stupid eyes. They are so easy to lose myself inside of their depths and I often do. I find his silence to be deafening enough for me to see the truth; he doesn't want to be with me. I turn on my heel and mumble an "Okay then." But suddenly, he grabs my arm and spins me back around to face him. My hair sticks to my face and he reaches his hand out to tuck a strand of my hair behind my ear. I stand there, lips parted slightly, eyes just as wide as his own, heart beating away from me. "Miss Undersee," He begins and then smiles. "Madge," He corrects himself. "The past six months have been the greatest of my entire life." His hand reaches for my own and I let him, despite the fact that anyone could catch us. In the moment, it doesn't seem to really matter. Donner licks his lips and continues, "You are beyond beautiful. You're kind but you can stand your own when you need to. There's an unexpected spark to everything you do and everything you say. It would be an honor, an incredible honor, to be your man. If you would take me, my lady." There have been plenty of times where I've wanted to kiss Donner but I wasn't able to. Times where he stood across the room from me and my parents, times where we brushed past each others in the halls of my home. But none of those times even compare to how badly I want to kiss him in this moment. Not just kiss him because it's fun and it feels good. But no. Kiss him because he's become such an important part of my life, a part of my life that I was never afraid to lose; until now. "Donner," I say with a lovely little sigh. Because his name sounds different on my tongue now. It's sweet, like letting a sugar cube melt in your mouth. "Is that a yes? You'll be my lady?" I laugh and nod my head through my fit of giggles. "Of course I'll be your lady!" His face utterly and completely lights up. "Well, then… you better