I ran my fingers over the fabric of the thin comforter on the bed. Back and forth, back and forth. It was repetitive, yes. But somehow, it kept my mind far away from everything else going on. Somehow, it kept me from disappearing entirely. I heard the squeak of the door and knew who it was. His footsteps were soft on the floor as he made his way over to my bed before lying beside me. He never laid close enough so that we were touching, but he was never far enough away that it felt like we were strangers. Peeta sighed softly and I turned my head to face him. "Morning." I said. He smiled at me. "Morning, Madge." And then, like he had done everyday for the past week, he began our little game. It was simple, really. Just like we had done in the cave, we asked each other about our various favorite things. Favorite food, color, activity... I had hardly left my bed since I learned the news of my fathers death but Peeta slipped in every morning and night to play this game with me. It kept us both sane. We didn't ask each other about our feelings. He didn't look at me like I was some pathetic puppy, like the rest of the people in the bomb shelter did. Instead, we played the game of favorites. And it distracted us both from all the real hurt and pain inside. But it was a welcomed distraction, nonetheless. "Favorite time of day?" Peeta asked me, looking up at the bottom of the top bunk that was above us. "Night time. Everybody is so... vulnerable at night, you know? And they tell you things they probably wouldn't tell you in the daytime. It's like being drunk, almost." Peeta laughed. "Have you ever been drunk?" I shook my head with a smirk. "Well, no... but peoples minds are wide open when they're drunk. Nighttime is sort of like that." I said with a soft smile. "What's your favorite time of day?" "Morning. Especially when you wake up before the rest of the world. Everything is so quiet and relaxing and everyday is like a brand new start, you know? You can decide to be whoever you want to be. You can change from the person you were yesterday, if you want to. I like that." I closed my eyes. This was why I liked Peeta so much. He always said things in such a way that made me relax, made me feel at peace, at ease. The times he came in and laid with me were the only times that I almost felt... okay. The impact of my father's death had left me empty. I didn't feel anything. I didn't even feel sadness. I hadn't cried, which was odd considering all the times I cried in the arena. Trust me, I had tried to cry. Nothing came out. I could barely even scream into my pillow. Nothing was inside of me. I was drained of my emotions. I didn't know how to move on or keep living. All I knew was that I liked the feeling of my comforter underneath my fingertips and leaving my bed sounded impossible every morning. "There's eggs for breakfast. Do you want me to bring you some?" Peeta asked me. I shook my head. "No, I'm okay." "You need to eat eventually, Madge. And sleep." He said softly. He was right. I had barely ate all week and I had gotten even less sleep. I was a robot just going through the motions. My mother would come into our room throughout the day and talk to me but seeing her face just reminded me of my father. I knew she was trying to be strong for me. I didn't want her to have to. I wanted everything and everyone to be okay. "Favorite subject in school." I asked him quickly to change the subject. "Hmm..." Peeta began, "I suppose Art. You?" "Music." I said. But then, the thought made me think of my father and I didn't want to be reminded of him or his death. So, I changed the subject again. "Favorite way to avoid pain?" "Hide it under layers and layers of far more manageable emotions." Peeta whispered. Then he gave my hand a little pat before sitting up. "I need to go, though. There's a meeting." There had been meetings all week. On what to do about the slowly turning districts, what to do about the Capitol, what to do about Gale... I had stayed far away from anything involving Gale all week. I didn't watch the president's announcements anymore. I didn't want to hear Gale's betrayal any longer. It wasn't his fault. The Capitol had turned him that way but it still wasn't something I enjoyed watching. It was hard to see the face of the man I had fallen for but have his words be dirty lies fed to him by the Capitol. "Katniss will be there." I said simply. Peeta sighed and then looked down at me. He nodded his head slowly. "Yeah, she will. She always is." It didn't take a genius to see that something was terribly wrong between Peeta and Katniss as of lately. You could cut the tension with a knife. Peeta didn't say much about it, but it was obvious that a wall had been built between them. I still wasn't exactly sure why or what had caused it but Peeta knew. I could see it in the way he looked at her, with a new found sadness that hadn't be there before. Watching them interact now was like watching a room slowly begin to burn. "Well, have fun in there. I'll be right here in my warm bed. For the rest of my life." I commented. Peeta smirked. "We'll see. I'll check on you later." He said as he got up and headed towards the door. He reached for the handle and then spun back around and called, "Oh, and eat something!" before walking out. I sighed and threw my head back into my pillow. I was hungry. But I couldn't eat. I would put food in my mouth and chew and then all the sudden, when I went to swallow, I didn't feel hungry anymore. And the very thought of my putting food in my already sick and churning stomach made me spit out my meal. I couldn't sleep. I would close my eyes and see flashes of Gale, my father, my life before the games and all this madness and then I would jolt awake, afraid to ever close my eyes again. It had been a long week, to say the least. I heard stumbling outside of my door and sat up at the commotion. More curious than anything else, I opened my door just enough to see what was happening. I found a unstable Haymitch trying to find his way into his room. He was, of course, drunk. From the bags under his eyes, I suppose he was just now getting to bed. "It's seven-thirty in the morning, Haymitch. And you have a meeting." I said through the few inches that I had opened the door. He held onto the wall for support and glanced in my direction. He squinted, to figure out who I was, and then smiled. "Hey, Madge! Haven't seen your face in a long time, princess." I rolled my eyes and opened the door completely, stepping out into the hall. I crossed my arms over my chest as I studied the man before me. He drank to forget the nightmares, to forget the pain. Could I drink to forget everything too? I grabbed his arm and pulled him down into a sitting position, so he was leaning against the wall. I sat next to him and closed my eyes. It was silent for a minute and somehow, I welcomed Haymitch's drunk company. Maybe because as I had told Peeta, I enjoyed vulnerability. "Can I have a drink, Haymitch?" I asked him quietly. I heard him snort. "A drink from my flask would knock you out dead." "Good." I said quickly. I heard him swear. "Don't say that. Don't talk like that." I laughed a short, cold laugh. "Why not, Haymitch? It's true. I wish I was dead. It would be easier than this." "Because it's a selfish thing to want. You're leaving behind too many people." He said in his slurred voice. "Then let me drink if you won't let me die." I said through gritted teeth. "No." He said sharply, his voice suddenly sounding sober. His eyes met mine and he whispered, "I won't let you end up like me." I let out a groan and slammed my head back into the wall. "Does it at least make the pain go away?" It was Haymitch's turn to laugh coldly. "Not in the least bit, princess. It just dulls it for a little while. As soon as you're sober again, the pain is right back, ready to greet you." We didn't speak for a long time. We just sat side by side, on the dusty ground of the hallway. I thought maybe Haymitch was just being quiet but when I glanced over at him, I saw that he had fallen asleep. This normally would've made me mad but I was starting to see him in a new light. Now I understood why he drank so much. In that moment, I wanted to drink too. I wanted to drink and drink and wash it all away. Yes, it only dulled the pain for a little while but that sounded better than the constant throbbing that I was experiencing in my chest. I patted his hand in the same way Peeta had done to me earlier and stood to my feet. I tiptoed down the hallway and made sure nobody was in the main room before I raced across it to get to the bathroom. My life had turned into a series of avoiding people at all cost. I shut the door behind me and stood in the mirror, staring at myself. Except it didn't look like myself. Blood-shot, empty eyes. Colorless cheeks, chapped lips. I wasn't the girl I was three weeks ago when I entered the arena. I wasn't the same girl I was before Gale was abducted. I wasn't the same girl I was before my father was shot to death. I wasn't the same, plain and simple. And whoever I was in the past, I knew I could never return to her. The old Madge, the one who was patient and sure and kind, she was long gone. This new Madge, hindered with hollow pain and deafening sadness, buried alive with grief and shame, she was here to stay. A pair of scissors sitting below the sink caught my eye. I picked them up and found my fingers weaving through the loops, I found myself holding a piece of hair between the blades while I stared straight into the mirror. The girl I was before the arena was gone. And because of that, I heard the clip of the scissors and watched as a piece of my wavy, blond hair fell to the floor of the bathroom. Clip, clip clip. I cut my hair as short as my chin, giving myself a bob. I had careful hands from years playing the piano and I was pretty precise as well. When it was all said and done, it looked rather straight. I had done a pretty good job. I stared back in the mirror and smiled. This made more sense. The past was now completely forgotten, fading away for good. I swept up my fallen hair into my hand and stuffed it into the trash can. I walked out of the bathroom and back into my bedroom. With every pounding step, I knew I was never looking back. "We now know he's being