After leaving Hogwarts, Kate drags Remus along for some house hunting. Kate is eager to explore each room for its numerous benefits. Remus just wants Kate to stop being a tease and explore him. Set immediately after they leave Hogwarts, late June early July 1978 Rated R for sexual content consisting of: relentless teasing, frustration, groping and hinting, grinding, more frustration, sexual satisfaction in the form of intercourse and oral (both male and female), and maybe even a bit of improper use of magic. If none of that is your cup of tea, then do not proceed. However, if you don't mind a bit of smut...then enjoy... All Harry Potter characters belong to JK Rowling, Kate, however is solely mine. House Hunting "This is it," I said looking up at Remus as I gave his hand a gentle squeeze. We were standing before a small, cottage inspired house. The pale yellow siding contrasted nicely with the stark blue shutters and roofing. Two neatly trimmed bushes sat on either side of the stoop where there was a matching blue door. There was a short walking path that lead down to the street. It was cute, delicate, and a little frilly on the edges. Not really my style, but… there was a forest behind it and no immediate neighbors. "Are you sure?" Remus asked, sounding less than enthused. I looked at the plaque depicting the house number. "Yes. Sixty-nine Forest Lane. Like I said, this is it. Come one, let's look inside." I held his hand a little tighter as I pulled him along the stone walkway up to the front door. I let his hand go only to pull out the little silver key the realtor had given me. "How did you get a key again?" he asked with a trace of suspicion. I rolled my eyes. "I told the realtor that we were really interested but that you wanted to see the inside of it first. I told her this was the only possible day we had available as we both had…jobs to do." My voice trailed off lightly, but I quickly pushed aside all thought of the war. Today we would not worry about tomorrow. Today we would just be together…in every sense I hoped. "She understood so she handed over the key," I finished as the lock gave a little click. "She understood? Usually they like to visit the property with the client." Remus cocked his brow as he looked at me. My heart fluttered in my breast. "I can be very persuasive." His scornful look turned to one of interest. "I told her I was really, really interested in buying." "You charmed her didn't you?" I pursed my lips. "Only a little. Now get inside before I charm you." "It's too late for that," he muttered but passed through the door anyway. XXX We stepped into a small entrance hall. A kitchen was to our immediate left, a lounge to our right, and a staircase directly before us that led up to the second floor. I led him to the lounge first. The furniture was sparse, only placed for show, and looked like someone's grandmother had picked it out. The sofa was covered in an atrocious floral pattern. The side table was covered in lace dollies. And the air held a hint of old potpourri. Remus glanced sideways at me. "Ignore the floral sofa and lace dollies, and hold your breath against the smell if you must. And instead imagine, you've just come home from a day at the office," I said as I led him deeper into the room. "And what office is this exactly?" "Lupin and Son Poltergeist Expulsion Experts," I answered easily. "Lupin and Son?" He raised his brow but an easy smile spread across his face. "You work with your dad. Not the sexiest job perhaps, but you're biding your time until you can take over the business. Now stop distracting me." "Sorry; I'm just trying to get a clear picture." "So… you come home from a long day at the office and the air smells like your favorite meal because I cooked it just for you. The gramophone is playing in the corner. Maybe it's your favorite Eagles song, or a little bit of Marvin Gaye to set the mood." I grinned. "You come in, shrug off your cloak…" I moved behind him, rubbing my hand across the back of his shoulders and down his arms slowly, mimicking the removal of a cloak. I could feel his muscles tense ever so slightly at my touch. I moved around him to stand in front of him once again. "…and I'm there to greet you with a smile and a kiss…" I stood on my toes to brush my lips lightly against his. He began to slide his hands around my waist, but I dropped to my feet and stepped back. "I encourage you to have a seat on our unobtrusive sofa…" I led him to the sofa and gently pushed him down. "…and enjoy a relaxing cuppa while I offer to massage your neck." I moved behind the sofa, my hand trailing lightly from one shoulder, across his chest, and over to the other shoulder. I kneaded my fingers gently across the base of his neck and the back of his shoulders, working the kinks as I came to them. His head lolled forward offering up the tender skin on the back of his neck. My hands worked deftly; I could feel his body relaxing. Fighting in a war was very stressful. I smiled as I my hands threaded through his hair. I tugged lightly, tilting his head to the side. I leaned forward and ran my nose along his ear. My tongue came out to tease the lobe before pulling it in between my teeth and sucking lightly. His breath escaped him in a breathy puff. His head began to turn towards mine. I stood up and moved back around the sofa, my hands abruptly leaving his body. "Now, you simply have to admire this kitchen," I said as I moved across the hall to the next room. There was a brief pause before I heard him move from the sofa. I smiled. XXX The kitchen was "L" shaped, with cupboards and counter space along the wall and bar space that jutted out into the room. There were a few open holes where large appliances would go. The counter tops were all a shiny laminate that was supposed to look like marble. I moved to stand before an empty space on the wall. "The stove would go here," I said. "So I would easily be able to see when you got home." I looked over my shoulder at him. His pupils were dilated slightly and I knew from the angle of his eyes that he had been staring at my bum. His eyes looked up to meet mine, but he offered no apology, and I sought none. "It's good counter space, don't you think? And a good height." "Good height?" he asked, his voice husky. Good. "Yes, because if I were to sit on it…" I jumped up on the bar, "…it puts us at the same eye level." I braced my hands on either side of my hips and leaned forward. The collar of my shirt fell open revealing my bosom, and the way my arms were positioned I was able to push my breasts together. As predicted, and hoped, Remus's eyes darted down to my exposed cleavage. He grinned at the sight and the thoughts that were surely beginning to run through his mind. He made to move forward. I pulled my knees to my chest, spun around, and jumped off the other side of the bar. I could hear Remus grunt behind me. His frustration was beginning to grow, and the more it grew, the more fun we could have releasing it. "The dining table will go here," I said, standing in an open area. "It's doesn't have to be big; we can easily enlarge it if needed. But it does have to be sturdy. I'm thinking oak maybe." "Why sturdy?" he asked moving around the counter quickly joining me in the open area. "Because you can eat your dinner here, and then me for desert. No need to move." My voice dropped low with desire and I smirked. His hands quickly clutched at my waist, and his forehead leaned against mine. He murmured my name and I indulged him in a kiss. His growing arousal twitched against my leg as one of his hands treaded through my hair, pulling my mouth roughly against his own. I wasn't quite ready to take things further just yet; I still had more rooms to show him. I broke off our kiss and smiled up at him. "Come on; you have to see the garden. You'll understand why this place is perfect for us once you do." XXX It was harder to step away from him this time, but I managed it somehow. I led him outside. There wasn't much out there to see, but the primary draw of the house was the close proximity of the forest behind it. So on nights of the full moon, the guys could come over and Remus could stay close to home. We made our way back inside, where I showed him the spare rooms. I joked about turning one into a kennel for Padfoot, but he seemed more attuned to the idea of turning it into a library. From the library we moved to the bathroom where there was both a standing shower and a clawed foot tub. I stepped into the tub and held my hand out towards him. "I thought cats didn't like water and preferred to….bathe themselves." His voice had a husky, almost feral tone to it. I had been teasing him all morning (we had another heated kiss outside where he managed to squeeze my bum before I slipped away, and in the spare bedroom I'd grazed against him rather provocatively) and it seemed he was finally trying to get me back. I looked up at him through my lashes as he stepped into the tub with me. My hands played at the collar of his shirt. "Well…" I said slowly. "I could…bathe myself, but it's more fun with you." His hands gripped my waist and he pulled me forcefully against him. His erection was now delightfully firm and I couldn't help the groan that escaped my throat. I was mildly tempted to give into my desire then and there, but I still had one more room to show him. That didn't mean I couldn't play a little more though. I slid my hands up his chest to his shoulders and pushed down lightly. His eyes locked with mine as he ever-so-slowly dropped to his knees. His nose brushed over the fabric covering my navel and his hands slid over my bum, squeezing lightly before sliding back around to my inner thigh. I nearly lost my control when he lowered himself enough so that his face was level with my groin. His delectable and skillful lips only centimeters away from my sweet spot, if only it wasn't blocked by kickers and corduroy. I pushed back on his shoulders and side stepped his legs as he stretched out. With his back against the white porcelain, I lowered myself and straddled his lap. I gripped the rim of the tub on either side of his head, putting my breasts in line with his eyes. I lowered my face enough to take his lips forcefully with mine. His hands slipped back up my backside once more and underneath my shirt. His callused fingers slid around to cup my breasts. He squeezed lightly but with promise to do so again only harder. He pushed aside the fabric of my bra. His thumb rubbed over my nipple; it hardened at his touch and I rocked