A/N: I like Peeta and Katniss, but after I watched the movie I figured out that Cato can stand a chance with Katniss if only they were given the chance and because Alexander Ludwig and J Law look so good together. Probably it just me who sees it that way. For whoever doesn't like this pairing, don't even bother to read. By the way, it's rated M for Cato's foul mouth and who knows, sexual encounters on the next chapters, perhaps? Read the title, mate. Disclaimer: I don't own Hunger Games, if I did Katniss will end up with Cato and none of the important tributes will die. I'll have them rebel and run together. Happy? Special Thanks to: DragonDaemon93, for being a great help for me lately and help me correct the first 4 chapter. You rocks! " The Tension" My head is aching and I can feel that my eyes are still puffy from crying all night. I looked at my face from the mirror across my bed, the reflection showing the face of the saddest person in all Panem. My heart started to sting again, and the memories from three days ago replaying in my mind, my cheeks feels hot from the falling tears. "Shame on you," I whispered to my reflection who whispered the same thing. I got up from bed, heading towards my bath room to take a cold shower. I need it every morning to clear my mind from the horrible thoughts of him leaving me. I can't be like this forever; hell I came here on the first place to feed my family, not for broken heart over some stupid bread boy. "You need to get over it Katniss, he's not coming back for you, he never will, get a hold of yourself, girl," I mumble to myself as the water falls from on the top of my head and wets my body. I close my eyes, resting my hands to the wall in front of me and steadying my breath. Oh I think I forgot to tell you who I am and the situation I'm in. My name is Katniss Everdeen, I'm 20 years old, dark brown hair, grey eyes, 171 cm, 56 kg, and I love to hunt. The world I live in called Panem, and the people who live in it are threaten from the mutation animals or we called them mutts. A hundred years ago the twelve districts in Panem rebelled against the Capitol, the city I lived in now. It's a long story actually, but the point is that the Capitol was able to restrain the rebellion with their technology and biological weapons. Peace came at last but we didn't know what would hit us next. In one disastrous night, one of the Capitol research facilities in the north was destroyed by a storm. Everyone thought that everyone and everything in there was dead, but they were wrong. All hell broke loose. The biological weapons escaped into the forest, multiplying like bunnies, and it took them 20 years before they finally tried to conquer this world for them, to exterminate the humans, and from year to year, it's getting worst. Until 74th years ago a special military unit called the Hunger Games was formed to control the colonization of the mutts. To defend the Capitol and the twelve districts in it. I came from district 12, which is the poorest. My father died in mine explosion, and that left me with my pathetic mother and my dear beautiful sister Primrose. I need to feed them because my mother was too weak to take her role in the family after my father died, so I started hunting at the age of twelve at the forest near my district. It's illegal but I didn't care. At first it was easy, we lived enough to feed ourselves, but it got harder since the mutts expanded their occupying movement by conquering the forest in Panem, including mine, and it's getting dangerous for me to hunt. If I died who will fed my family? That is why at the age of 16 I joined voluntarily with the Hunger Games. I heard that the pay was quite nice for a soldier, and I proved it that it's not a rumour. Unfortunately our district only allowed 2 volunteers each year because they doubted our fighting and survival skills, the rest of the district gain more quotas. Fortunately, I was capable of hunting and accepted in at my first trial. So I left my home with a boy name Peeta Malark; he is the reason why I am so broken right now, which I will explain later. Anyway, I came to the capitol four years ago, I received basic training for a year, and gained the best scores from all the volunteers that year. When we were tested for the first time (entering the real forest and really surviving what will hit us) it was I who succeeded, bringing back the half of the team alive back to the base. After that I was assigned in the special team with my other teammates, our superior made me the captain, and when it comes to battle, I'm the commander of the long range team. Have I mentioned that I'm good with bow? No, correction, I'm excellent with bow. Okay, back to Peeta. He charmed me from the first time we met with his friendly personality, and mainly because he saved me and my family once from starvation. He declared that he loved me just a moment after the basic training begun. At first, I thought he was joking, but then he proved it to me in his own way. He was really sweet with the way he treated me, the way he spoke to me. We finally started a relationship in the middle of the training years, it last three and half years, until a couple of days ago. What happened was, I screwed up. The couple of months have been very difficult for me; my mom's really sick and I needed to get extra money for her hospital bills, plus Prim medical school fee, and their daily needs. Not to mention I helped my friend Gale with his family too, in exchange he keeps mine from harm. The point is I lost my temper really often. I don't lose it in battle field, because I know I mustn't screw up, but with Peeta… Both unconsciously and consciously I took my anger out at him. I didn't know that it depressed and put him under the pressure so much, and I shouldn't pick a fight and test him by saying we could be just friends and good bye, when eventually he said yes, which shocked me to death. I said I'm sorry the next day I broke with him, I asked him to come back to me and hell, I even promised I change myself. But he didn't want to, he said he was tired of me, he said we can really be friends like I said or brother and sister-which very absurd to me. You can't just ditch 3 and half years feelings! But he said he lost it, he doesn't love me anymore in that way which stabbed me in the heart. He's the first boy who understood me and was really patient with me, he's the first one who kissed me, he's good looking, kind, and the one who took my virginity away and I took his. I seriously thought that he's the one who I would spend the rest of my life with, the one who would stand by me no matter what. I thought we would have a chance to live happily ever after! And the next day I know, which is last night… He's not a gentleman at all! Because the real reason he ditched me (well, I'm the one who said good bye but that's just because he didn't want to break me and everybody looked at him as the bad guy) is for other woman. That's right, another bitch! He was assigned in the same team with me, but three months ago my superior lent him to another special squad and he assured me that Peeta was still ours and would be back to us in no time. What I didn't know was that there's a girl on Peeta's new team who apparently gentler than me, well, better for him. And a month before he broke up with me, he already started approaching her. Okay, enough explaining, I have to get down to the cafeteria and get myself something to eat even though I don't feel like it. "Oh wow, Katniss, your eyes," a red haired girl stopped me in middle way. She's my team mate, our strategist, I know her real name but I gave her nick name, Foxface, which I'm more comfortable to call her with that and so the others. "You are not getting in to the cafeteria like this," she practically dragged me to the nearest toilet. Well, you can say that she's the only one in my team who knows about all my private problems. Her understanding to the others is saintly and it would be useless to lie to her; she outsmarts us all. "I miss him… I miss the feeling when I wake up and someone lying next to me, him," I murmur while I watch her pull her beauty pouch from her bag. "I know," she smiles sadly and starts to work the concealer on my face. "We were supposed to marry this year, I supposed to tell him about that. I loved him," I bit back my tears. "Katniss, he's in some place now, probably making out with his new girl. You deserve so much better! Why are you weeping here when he's the happiest man in the world right now? You also deserve to be happy," Foxface shook my shoulders and looks at me in the eyes. I can't hold it much longer, I cry. I'm so relieved because this toilet is empty; no one ever laid an eye on me when I'm weak like this; it will ruin my image if they did. I can't afford to look hopeless. "You're pretty and you have to remember that it's not all your fault. You have to be proud of yourself. Trust me, you'll find someone else," Foxface wipes my tears away. "I hate feeling so weak like this, I'm so ashamed, I never let anyone affect me so badly before," I try to control myself. "You'll work back on that, I know you will," Foxface pulls me into a big hug. I laugh and choke back a sob as I hug her too. "Thank you." I'm so happy to have this girl as my best friend. "Anytime. Now, let me apply this to your face. I can't afford my captain presenting herself miserable in front of everyone," she playfully let me go and we both laugh. After we finish with everything we're having breakfast together at the cafeteria. "How is your mother doing?" she asks when we finally sit down. "Better," I shrug. "You know I'm willing to help you right? You just have to ask," she looks at me seriously. "I know," I nod and respond no further, just digging into my food. "Look who's here," Foxface glances at my back, she looks relaxed while sipping her coffee but her eyes look intense, and I know who she saw. "Don't-" she tries to stop me but it's too late. I already turned my head and see a pack of Career. They're the people from the wealthier districts. They were trained their whole life to survive in the Hunger Games. Most of the raw ones (like me) assigned in Bravo team, or you may say tracker. Our duty is to find the mutt leaders in the forest; after we found it we back off and let the Alpha team