Butterfly: The Continued Story by theinfinitexsadness Disclaimer: Twilight belongs to Stephenie Meyer. Also, the songs used in this fic are not mine, I'm just borrowing them for their outstanding lyrical content. Ask and you shall receive! Due to the positive response that my one shot received, and the (playful) threatening messages, I've decided to extend this story. I can't guarantee how long it's going to be, but I'm going to try to make it as long as I can. Thank you so much to those who read my one shot and enjoyed it enough to encourage me to keep it going. You guys are awesome! **If you're planning on reading this and you haven't read my one shot, you may want to do that first. It's in EPOV and it's the beginning.** -CHAPTER 1- BPOV I hate the 12-7 shift. I mean seriously, I don't understand why the diner is open 24 hours. The only customers we seldom get in the middle of the night are those that are passing through and taking a break from driving. When I work the graveyard shift, I'm usually sitting on a stool and reading, or sometimes I bring my laptop and surf the internet. I've told my mother countless times that we should just close at midnight, but she insists that we stay open. This diner means everything to her, it always has. Ever since Mr. and Mrs. Cope passed away, she's been determined to keep that place running just like they always did— with friendly service, 24 hours a day. It also keeps her busy and her mind preoccupied, keeping her thoughts and worries off my father who's in Afghanistan right now. I don't really like to think about it much. It hurts to think that something could happen to him. Sure, we don't have the typical father-daughter relationship, and we've never really been that close, but I still can't help but feel worried. My father is, without a doubt, your typical army man. With that being said, it shocks most people when I say that I had a normal childhood and adolescence. I wasn't allowed to date until I was sixteen, although it's not like I did much of that anyway. My curfew was midnight, but that wasn't a big deal because I didn't go to parties. The majority of my adolescence was spent indoors, listening to records. Truthfully, I'd never done anything spontaneous in my life until just over a year ago. The night I met him . Eddie Cullen. Not a day goes by where I don't think about that night. Breaking Twilight is a pretty well-known band, and not to sound like a major hipster, but I knew about them before they were famous. They were a local band from Seattle, and I had always seen their posters around the city. I went to one of their very first shows and bought their EP. After they dropped their original lead singer, they brought in a new guy. This guy was unlike any other lead singer I'd ever seen or heard. He had the stage presence and vocals of Eddie Vedder, and the energy of Axel Rose…without all the drugs and woman-beating. To say that I fell in love with him is an understatement; there was just something about him that made me believe in music in a way that I could never explain. I could tell that he was passionate about music, and he wasn't just in it for the money. I loved that about him. My best friend Angela's dad is a music producer. He managed to get us two front row tickets, as well as backstage V.I.P. passes to meet and greet the band. Mr. Weber is very much like a second father to me, and Angela and I have been friends since we were in diapers. We've both been through so much together and I'm absolutely certain that I would be lost without her. Normally, that concert would have been a cool experience, but that night was so much more than that. I was going to meet my favourite band— the band that got me through the tough times. "Come on, Bella, why else do you think I got these backstage passes?" "I'm nervous, Ang, and I don't know why." She laughed, pulling me into the V.I.P. line. "You're going to meet your idol, Bells. You're going to meet the guy that you've been perpetually in love with for years. It's normal for you to be nervous." The bouncer checked our laminated passes and let us through. "Down the hall to your left, behind the curtain. The band should be out momentarily. Have fun, ladies." The butterflies began to flutter in my stomach. What would I even say to the guy that he hasn't already heard? No, that doesn't matter. I'm not here to impress the guy, I'm here to tell him that he's touched my life; I'm here to tell him that he's accomplished what he set out to do. Probably in much less coherent words and between a lot of stutters, but the intent is there at least. God, I'm such a klutz. I hear the crowd go wild and the adrenaline starts pumping through me. One by one, they all came out. First was the bass player, Emmett. Attached to his arm was a beautiful blonde, who I could only assume was his girlfriend, judging by her disposition. After Emmett was the lead guitarist, Jasper. I remembered reading an article in the paper about a terrible car accident that occurred. As it turned out, the girl who died was not only Jasper's girlfriend, but Eddie's sister. Since then, Jasper has been living the rock star life, immersing himself in every bottle of Jack Daniels and every woman he can find. Next to follow was their drummer, Jake. Last, but definitely not least, comes Eddie in all his glory. That man was a thousand times more attractive in person. Seeing him in the flesh ignited a certain fire in me, and in that moment, all inhibitions were thrown out the window. My pulse quickened and I started to get hot. I guessed that this was how a groupie felt, except this was different. This wasn't me being a bimbo that wanted to sleep with the band. This was me wanting to offer myself as a token of my admiration. Sounds insane, right? I had to at least rationalize my feelings before I attempted to go through with it. I met all of the band members. Emmett was a very nice guy, almost like a big brother type. His clearly territorial girlfriend never left his side. I knew she was sizing me up while I talked to him. I made it clear that I had no interest in being a home wrecker, and her demeanour softened a bit and she became more welcoming. Meeting Jasper was interesting enough. He was pretty drunk and seemed interested in what I was saying, though he also seemed interested in what was down my shirt. I couldn't help but feel sorry for the guy. Jake was a nice guy too, like Emmett. I didn't want to bring up the rumours of his alleged overdose a little while back, so I settled for discussing his favourite drummers. We shared a common interest there, as we both idolize Neil Peart, John Bonham and Keith Moon as iconic drummers. I'm pretty sure he was interested in me but I showed no signs of it being mutual…I hope. When my eyes landed on Eddie, he was already looking at me and our eyes locked. He looked at me from across the room and grinned a sort of crooked smile. His smile was infectious and it made me weak at the knees. Taking a swig of his beer, he walked over without shame. "Hey there," he said, and I was frozen for a moment. I said nothing, just blushed and stared at him, wondering for a moment if what was happening was real. "Hi, my name is Bella," I said, finally finding my voice. I extended my hand and he took it cordially. "Nice to meet you, Bella," he said with a panty-dropping smile. Oh, the things that smile did to me. "I'm, um… I'm a really big fan of yours. I really enjoy the music you write. Your last album got me through my grandmother's death…well, I know you must hear that all the time…" Dear god, could I have sounded anymore pathetic? He looked amused, though. "That really means a lot, Bella, and I'm very sorry for your loss." I looked up at him in awe for a second, admiring how sincere he sounded. "Would you like to hear a new song that I wrote? We can go to my room, my hotel is just across the street." He looked…nervous. But yet, so sure at the same time. I bit my lip and thought about it for a moment. I remember thinking "this could either be the smartest thing I've ever done, or the dumbest." All the while there was a voice inside my head chanting to me, saying…"do it, Bella, live a little." "Sure, I'd love to." I said, and he put his beer down and lead the way. We made it to his hotel room, and I immediately felt like a groupie. I felt like Pamela Des Barres, except I wasn't about to partake in a steamy love affair with Jimmy Page…to me, Eddie Cullen was better. Upon entering the room, he motioned for me to take a seat while he brought out his acoustic guitar. Was his plan really to serenade me? I mean, let's face it, he was way past that. I was a sure thing. The song was light and his voice sounded angelic. Tonight I'm tangled in my blanket of clouds Dreaming aloud Things just won't do without you, matter of fact Oh oh ooh I'm on your back I'm on your back Oh oh ooh I'm on your back If you'd accept surrender, I'll give up some more Weren't you adored? I cannot be without you, matter of fact Oh oh ooh I'm on your back If you walk out on me I'm walking after you If you walk out on me I'm walking after you Another heart is cracked in two I'm on your back I cannot be without you, matter of fact Oh oh ooh I'm on your back I'm on your back Oh oh ooh I'm on your back If you walk out on me I'm walking after you If you walk out on me I'm walking after you If you walk out on me I'm walking after you "Wow, that was beautiful. You're such a powerful writer. I've been such a huge fan of yours over the years. I missed your last show here and I made sure to catch this one. I'm glad I did." "I'm glad you did too, Bella." I blushed, and he smiled so genuinely. "Is that song going to get onto an album? It's so…compelling." He shrugged. "I don't know, every time I write something really meaningful, I feel like it loses it's value when it's publicized, you know? Or maybe, I guess I've just lost the interest in doing what I do. The whole rock star thing is getting a little old for me. I want more than that." "Just because you're a famous musician doesn't mean you have to play the part of the rock star. You're great at what you do; you inspire so many people. Surely that must bring you happiness." "It does, believe me. My fans are the only reason why I'm still doing this. I just…don't have any inspiration left." It was silent for a moment, and I took that as my cue. I couldn't help myself as I leaned forward, and he followed. "Yes you do," I whispered. I leaned forward and kissed him. It was like no