A/N: My first multi-chaptered story Ladies and Gentlemen. I'm so proud! In case you weren't aware that was sarcasm! You'll find it runs through all my stories, it's my second language. LOL Chapter 1. Bitch Brow We are back home at last; I am both physically and mentally exhausted. The nightmare that was Volterra is now behind us, but not far enough. Edward was banned from coming through the front door, last night by my dad. He doesn't know about him using my bedroom window for months before they left. It all came back to me vividly and I remember how I'd just fallen back into the old way of saying nothing and depending on Edward or Alice to save me. After all we had been surrounded by vampires so you would think them better prepared than me to handle it. But as usual he didn't, but thank god she did. As I was starting to resurface from my well needed, but short night's sleep. I could hear Edward whispering endearments and apologies over and over. But he was also telling me - well as he thought unconscious me, how our future was going to be, according to him anyway, how the Volturi won't remember for possibly thirty years about me, how we have plenty time to live our lives freely. As I lie still just below the surface between sleep and being fully awake, it strikes me, nothing has changed, and nothing has been learned, well by Edward anyway. He will still leave me human and apparently forty eight years old to his seventeen, oh my god, I feel sick. Does he really think that I will stand for this and just let our parody of a relationship carry on as it had been before? Can he actually believe love conquers all, that I will be happy to live this non life, of chaste kisses and no sex forever? Me looking like his mother and him the perennial teenager, yes I think he does. Well he's in for a rude awakening very soon, what is wrong with him, is he that blind. Dear heavens his mantra is me having as many human experiences as possible, does he not think sex might be one of those that I might like to have over the next thirty years. I on the other hand have learnt a lot over the last several months. I'd been far to dependant and reliant on not just Edward but most of the Cullens, before they left. My life more or less stopped when they went, I was a zombie without them, in other words pathetic, incapable and needy. But I eventually became more daring and able to have fun without the Cullens, with the Wolf Pack and my Forks school friends, I began to take charge of my life slowly, even if Jake hadn't liked it. That fool thought he could just step into Edward's shoes and I would let him run my life and say nothing, as if! Also judging by my rushing off to save Edwards sorry ass, I was stronger mentally and willing to put my life on the line for him, my first love and does he think I will conveniently forget he couldn't even lie for me, wouldn't tell the Volturi he would change me, just to get us out of there. Well at least Alice stepped up to the plate or we would all be dead by now. Whilst he had just once again given into his melodramatic tendencies and nearly got us all killed, firstly by going there and putting us all on the Volturi's radar and then by his stubborn idiocy while we were there. It's almost as if he had never met other vampires before, did he think they were all like Carlisle and would do what he wanted just because he said so. Yes my eternally seventeen year old boyfriend - if he still is, I don't know if I want him back for sure. He who used to love to remind me he was 107 years old and he knew best. He is a fool and an ass, basically a teenage boy and I am not just going to follow along blindly anymore because I am no longer the naive just turned eighteen year old he left behind so cruelly and thoughtlessly. For goodness sake I was now nearer nineteen than eighteen and I'm not going to be taking this lying down. I opened my eyes and looked at him, really looked. Yes he is gorgeous, yes he is alluring, but no he is not perfect. He's just ... Edward. "Is Charlie still here Edward", I ask quietly while getting out of my bed. "Yes, he's downstairs making coffee, love", he tells me. "Right, well you need to leave Edward, while I talk to Charlie. Come back for me in two hours, Oh and tell your family, we are having a meeting when we get there", I say as I collect fresh clothes for myself and head towards the bedroom door, purposely ignoring the term of endearment he used, I always fell at his feet for that, but not now. I could see the confused look on his face and I smile as I leave him standing in my room. After a long shower, I go down the stairs to find Charlie in the kitchen reading the paper, as I enter he folds it up and slaps it on the corner of the table. I know this tactic but I ignore it, pouring out coffee for myself and then raising the pot as if asking if he wants more. " Now young lady, don't act as if nothing has happened, I have a lot to say to you", he huffs. "Oh, so you do realise I'm an adult and not the child you were shouting at and grounding last night then?", is my caustic reply. "Wait just a minute there, if you don't want to be treated like a child - don't act like one", he yells. "When have I ever acted like a child Charlie, when I am running your home for you, shopping for you, feeding you, making sure you have clean clothes and keeping the house clean whilst I attend high school?" I enquire as I sit down opposite him calmly. " Or when I was doing the same but more for Renee basically from kindergarten, was I being a child then? I have never been allowed to be a child", I state and he looks away, flushing red, knowing I am right. "Now if you wish to talk to me, fine dad, here I am. But let's make one thing perfectly clear, in about one and a half hours Edward will be calling for me and I am going out, because I have also got a few things to say to both him and his family. I have had it up to here, with everyone telling me what to do, where to go and how to behave while I do it. This all stops now. Do you have a problem with this?", I query with a raised eyebrow. Charlie leans back in his seat just looking at me and I think really seeing me clearly for the first time as an adult. He smirks and asks, "Is Edward in trouble with you, then", I nod and he laughs. "Good for you Bells, stand your ground and give him hell. Well then I might as well go fishing with Billy as you're going to be busy today" he laughs again as he says this and gets up to grab the phone. That's what I love about my dad, he doesn't hold grudges and backs off when he knows he's wrong. Glancing at the clock, I have about an hour before he will arrive, so I fix Charlie and myself a quick breakfast. After clearing up and using the bathroom, I sit patiently waiting refusing to over think what is to come. The door goes exactly on time and I roll my eyes, Charlie opens it as he is just leaving anyway and he smirks at Edward and laughs all the way out to his cruiser. Edward stands awkwardly at the top of the stairs, as if unsure what to do or say for once. I'm sure Alice has told him he is in trouble, I wonder if she knows she is as well. Funny for people with faultless recall, they forget humans remember things too. "I thought you were grounded love", he says. "Do I look like a child Edward?", raising an eyebrow to quantify my statement, this is an awesome new super power for me, the bitch brow. "Shall we go", I ask as I close and lock the door and head towards his Volvo. As he drives towards his home, he keeps glancing over at me and I say nothing, Let him stew for once. This was usually what he did to me, so let's see if he likes it. Apparently he does not, there is a lot of sighing and huffing and shifting about in his seat, and I look out the passenger window serenely whilst smiling internally. When we pulled up in front of the big white house, everyone 's on the deck waiting impatiently, as I open my door Edward is there as usual and I look at the proffered hand shaking my head. "I can open a door you know without breaking a nail or a sweat", I comment, "It's amazing what you can do when you're left to fend for yourself". He blanches even whiter than he usually is and everyone else stills where they are. I am not going to pull any punches or let them get away scot free, not this time round. Alice rushes down the steps towards me and I hold up my hands, stopping her in her tracks, she looks sad and even gives me the puppy dog eyes. I walk past her into the house. "Oh, I thought I had it wrong" she mumbles. "No Alice your vision was correct, I'm mad at you too" I reply. I enter the house and go straight to the large dining room table and sit down. They all hover, before Carlisle motions them to sit as well. "I assume Alice has been giving you a blow by blow account of my day so far and my thoughts and reactions, also her unique interpretation of how this meeting will go" I say and they all nod and smile, so I put a stop to that right away. "Well she has no right to do so, MY private conversation with MY father is MY business and was not meant for anyone else, I really dislike intently this constant interference and spying you seem to thrive on." I blast at them. "Also you all being virtually unable to think for yourselves without Alice's input is embarrassing to say the least and demeaning to your intellect at best, don't you think?" I state, looking round the table at them. "That's not what I do, I check for possibilities and choices, you know this" she wails in a small squeaky voice and looking at me as if I should agree. "No Alice, you only give the choices you think are right and never allow anyone to make the decision themselves and they all allow it to happen. God you moan about what a control freak Edward is, but Alice you are worse. Why does anyone bother leaving their rooms at all in the morning, when Alice picks out your clothes, tells you what you're doing, where you are going and when you do it. You could just stay home and she'll tell you all what you did and if you liked it or not!" I say sarcastically. Turning to face her I state, "You have a gift Alice and instead of using it for important stuff you