WOW ... That had to have been one of the strangest dreams I've ever had, and believe me I've had some pretty weird ones. Especially since moving here to 'Forks' Washington, a little place about four hours away from 'Seattle', to live with my dad. But hey, I'm getting ahead of myself, first off my name is Isabella Marie Swan, Bella to my friends which is funny because until I came here to the wettest place on earth, (well not really but it sometimes feels that way) I didn't really have any friends, acquaintances and people you nod to in passing, yes, but no one close like I have now. I'm kind off shy and blush at the least little thing and "oh yeah" let's not forget, what a super klutz I am. So what else can I tell you about myself, well I have long brown hair and dark brown eyes, stand at about five foot four inches and have the palest skin on anyone I'd ever seen until I met 'The Cullens'. Figure wise I'm okay but nothing special, basically just all around average. I don't like fashion very much as it tends to draw to much attention to me, not to mention how expensive keeping up with fads can be and that's something to be avoided as far as I'm concerned on both counts. I do enough attention grabbing what with my continual face planting and tripping up over thin air, this guarantees everyone a good laugh at least once a day. My dad 'Charlie' or 'Chief Swan' to the local inhabitants of 'Forks' due to him being the Chief of Police for this area, says if he drew a chalk line on the floor I'd trip over it, "ha, ha". Anyway I'm a seventeen year old junior in High School, who loves literature and used be found reading, sometimes re-reading at any given time. That was before 'Edward', my very unusual boyfriend. My life now consists of two parts, 'the before Edward' and 'the since Edward'. Before he came into my life I was a reasonably sane, no nonsense, hard working and to be honest boringly ordinary clumsy girl, but a decision maker. I lived in 'Phoenix' Arizona, with my mum 'Renee'. We plodded along together very well, her having the time of her life and me running the house, paying the bills and making sure we ate on a regular basis. Then she met 'Phil', the love of her life. He's a little younger, but a great guy and he can handle mum way better than I ever did. So that was the main reason for me coming to my dad's place, to let them be alone in their honeymoon phase, which shows no sign of stopping by the way. The since, started two days after I arrived here and took my dad's lifestyle by the scruff of the neck and made some serious but necessary sweeping changes, more home cooking, less eating at the diner, more veggies, less pizza, that kind of thing. Wait till he sees how much money this will save him in the long run. There's a Scottish saying I read in a book once (then had to Google it) that say's "Mony a Mickle, maks a Muckle", basically meaning if you watch the cents, the dollars will soon build up. That's the way we live because although we are not a poor family, we are defiantly not loaded either. So onto my first day at 'Forks High' and my first sight of 'The Cullens'. I felt that had to be the most nerve racking and exhausting day I've ever had, but I couldn't have been more wrong, there would be worse ones and amazingly spectacular days to come. Within minutes of seeing those absurdly beautiful people I knew they were more, just so much more. I can't understand how no one else picked up on all the little things like I did that first day. The stillness, the striking similarities for supposedly unrelated teenagers, them not eating and knowing they were talking but without them showing any outward signs of this. It would be weeks before I found out what they really were. The funniest thing was they really thought they were blending in, as if. They wear designer clothes courtesy of 'Alice', drive expensive cars maintained by 'Rosalie' and looking like they should be in the movies not attending a backwater high school. Everyone else avoided and ignored them as much as one can ignore a family of Vampires sitting in your midst, yes I said Vampires. Being with 'Edward' is like a never ending rollercoaster ride, just when you think your stomach has settled, it plummets once again and your heart is permanently in your mouth. This is one of the main reason why I have become a tad dependant on, not only 'Edward' but all of the 'Cullens', especially 'Jasper' since he is an empath and can manipulate your feelings and he exudes a wonderful calmness, that makes you want to be around him, they are so much stronger, definitely in 'Emmett's' case, faster, smarter than everyone else here in 'Forks' and little by little I gave up my free will to them, mostly 'Edward and Alice', thinking that they knew better what was right for me and I did it willingly, up until now. This brings me to the reason for my strange dream, some might say that it was a warning, a portent of things to come, believe me I am sitting up and taking notice for the first time in weeks. We have only been back in 'Forks' for a short time after a horrendous mad dash to 'Phoenix' to avoid me being drained dry by a crazy nomadic vampire who wanted to kill me for sport and to antagonise 'Edward', you know the kind, it's just a game and who cares if the human dies, "I do". So here I am in a leg brace, ribs bandaged up and still having to get 'Alice' to help me shower, because there is no way I would ever ask 'Charlie', No just No, he's my dad. I was being my usually just go along with it, self trying not to squirm and find a position which didn't hurt my ribs as much as I wondered once again why she felt the need to continually give me makeovers, was I that plain and dowdy to her she needed to cover me up. When I suddenly realised 'Alice' was talking about the perfect ball gown for me that 'Edward' would love, stilettos or as I call them death traps and up do's, I'm seventeen not thirty seven I've never worn my hair up in anything but a ponytail for work and gym or doing housework. I glanced up at 'Edward' and saw him wince and look away changing the subject, "Oh, oh" I thought what have they got planned now; their mantra was always all about human experiences which I shouldn't miss out on. Even the ones I would never have participated in had I never met them, like dancing and parties, especially if it meant dressing up "Ugh". Then it dawned on me the prom, 'Forks High' prom was Saturday night the day after next, I had seen all the posters and flyers around the school telling everybody what the theme was etc, etc and I had dismissed it from my mind as it was not relevant to me at all and now they were just going to override my dislikes and wishes, dress me up like a 'Barbie doll' and parade me around like some pampered show dog. This stung more because 'Edward' knew how I felt about dancing, after the debacle of "The Spring Dance" when I had turned down not one but three offers to attend. All that when I at least had two legs to stand on and not one like now. I got slowly to my feet and started to walk down the stairs from 'Alice's' bedroom, smiling at 'Carlisle and Esme' as I passed them in the main living area, they both looked a little concerned, as did 'Jasper' due to the building hurt, anger and annoyance within me. I was actually at the front door before 'Edward' caught up with me and asked if everything was alright, tacking on his usual "Love" to try and soften me up when he realised that I was not happy with him at all. I scoffed and turned to the rest of the family and asked 'Emmett' if he could take me home as I still couldn't drive with my cast on, 'Edward' said he would take me home and "not to be so silly". It's funny how it's the little things that become the last straw, for the first time in months I drew myself up to my tallest and once more asked 'Emmett' for a lift home ignoring 'Edward ' completely. At that 'Alice' came flying down the stairs and demanded to know why I was being selfish and spoiling this for everyone else, obviously I was no one or my opinion didn't really count. In a extremely cool tone I asked her how many 'Proms' she had been to since she was turned, she just stared at me with her hands on her hips and I continued by saying she managed to attend without me then so she could do so once again. By now 'Edward' was having a six way conversation with his family and as per usual I was the last person he consulted, with his "I just assumed" and "Not to be missed human experience", I shook my head sadly at him and let him know he shouldn't assume my bedroom window would be open tonight. For the very first time I looked at them all and was disappointed in what I was seeing, the arrogance, the confusion as to why I didn't just comply, only 'Jasper' had the decency to be abashed as he got the full force of my emotions. Throwing my hands up in the air and asking was anyone going to take me home or was I supposed to walk there in my cast. 'Carlisle' jumped up and said he would and also he'd check my ribs when we arrived at my dad's house. Finally I managed to get out of their house before I said or did something I might regret later, I have a tendency to cry when I'm angry and that was so not going to happen. The drive home was quiet and 'Carlisle' looked pensive and deep in thought, as we pulled up in front 'Charlie's', he spoke softly to me as if not wanting to upset me more. I wasn't angry with him only his so called son and daughter, who thought they could just walk all over me and didn't expect me to mind at all. As the good doctor re-strapped my ribs once we were inside, asking on a scale of one to ten just how sore they still were, I told him between four and six depending on the time of day and letting him know that the cast throwing me off balance was not helping in the slightest, he looked at me then and apologised for not taking that into consideration. He went on to say he was not aware how much 'Alice and Edward' had been pushing me into things I didn't get a say in doing and asked if they even consulted me at all. I laughed and said no they never did, quoting 'Alice's' "after all we know best", I sighed and said it was partly my fault as I rarely offered an opinion or disagreed with their plans. But this time it was a public function and I hadn't even been asked or consulted as to whether I felt fit enough to go or indeed did I actually want to.