M - for language and a teeny weenie slice of lemon. Pt 3 of the 'Couldn't Help It' series. Would you believe me if I told you I hadn't moved yet! But I've got a date at last. This is just to keep you all going, still working on other 3 stories xx Alexis This is just downright insane, Why in the name of hell did I agree to this crock of shit? 'Alice' of course, god almighty that pixie of a woman has a lot to answer for if she ever meets our maker, he best be setting aside a couple of weeks at least, to get through some of the shit she's done in the name of the Cullens! Hell, I'd pay good money to see that! I feel the buzzing in my pocket and know it's her, ' Patience Emmett! Relax and enjoy the view' Yeah Yeah! easy for her to say, I can't remember the last time I had any fun, a good laugh, well not since we were in 'Forks', that's for damn sure. Then after all that shit went down and things were just beginning to look better for us, 'Fuckward' has to get himself terminated! Carlisle and Esme were devastated, of course, they never accepted that he was just plain bad to the core. He pulled a lot of fucked up stuff on us all over the years and it was only after Jazz and Alice arrived he slowed up some, knowing he would never be able to really get to them, what with her seeing everything and him feeling it. He never admitted it, but he was terrified of Jazz! Every time he tried to do something bad to me, I just imagined ripping off his dick and shoving it up his own ass, that usually stopped him in his tracks, basically because he knew I'd do it. Normally I'm an easy going type of guy, life's too short and all that shit, but if pushed, well, I ain't no teddy bear! Plus, after Jazz arrived and he and I started enjoying lots of wrestling, boxing or judo, he began to give me substantial fight training on the quiet. Of course 'Prudeward' tried to get us in trouble with Carlisle, but Jazz was so smooth, " Just the plain old fight trainin' that all vampires have to know by law, Carlisle, you wouldn't want us to get into bother with 'the Volturi' would you? " was all he said and the matter was dropped, that sure pissed off 'Edturd', he was in a strop for months. Yeah! Not a lot of laughs at home after he died. the only damn thing that cheered them up was how well Rose was doing, not that I gave a toss, one way or the other, but it helped them, so I was really glad. Hell's teeth I'm not gone and I was sired by Carlisle too, not just 'Golden Boy'! Convenient how they forget. It's ironic that I was once the funny guy to everyone if I so much as even try to crack a joke, I get the look from Esme! Fun is no longer permitted in the house or fucking anywhere, actually! Nobody seems to see I really am the biggest threat, next to Jazz that is, 'Man, he is really something', I don't even know if half of them know or knew just how goddamn dangerous he is! Anyway, even as a human, I used to use humour to put folks at their ease, due to my size, but recently I've been considering leaving the Cullens and taking my chances on my own. I'm sick of pretending I gave a flying fuck about 'Edweird'! or that they really care about me, it's not as if I'm as high maintenance as the rest of them. Then came the news that the 'She Devil' was mated to one of the Volturi guards, 'Felix'! Well, it proved one thing for sure, Rose has a type! she likes her men big and muscular, shit we could be twins! I'm just saying! Funnily enough, I've never looked at another blonde! they do nothing, nada, bupkis, for me now, strange but true, Tanya offered me her services, about six months ago, but I said no, just no! Then the 'Ice Queen Bitch' invited us all to this shindig! Can you believe that? As if! Why the fuck would I want to go to her wedding? Christ, I'd be like something off that British kids show 'Blue Peter', and now children here's one I made earlier! Fuck that for a carry-on! So here I sit in the rain, at an open-air bistro in Pisa, feeling like a spare prick at a wedding! (Pun intended). Waiting for something, someone, I don't know which, our ever cryptic 'Mystic Meg' never really said, " Just be there Emmy, it will change your life forever, honest !" was all she told me and so here I am, like a fool, waiting for my destiny. I glance around and see an old fashioned tour bus sitting on the far side of the square, that in itself is not unusual but the vampire driver is! I vaguely recognise her, we only met once years ago, Heidi, that's it, she's Heidi the 'Volturi fisherman' or in this case woman, looks like she's rounding up lunch for the wedding party, Oh man! Carlisle won't be chuffed, Alice said Rose was a human drinker now, like her mate! After all the times she moaned at me "Emmett, just how many slips does one vampire need to have? " and " You're not trying hard enough " or " If you loved me you'd try harder, after all, I've never felt the need to touch human blood, you're weak, Emmett " Well I didn't obviously love her, so it took me longer, but I'm still on the wagon, so suck on that Rosie! I made eye contact with Heidi and said "Lunch?", she laughed and nodded looking at her watch, "Still waiting on one, she went to fetch her bags, god humans are so slow! Are you not going to the wedding? Judging by the eyes you should be there!" she answered, "Yeah I got an invite but wholeheartedly declined! You know we met once a long time ago, I'm Emmett Cullen!" I said changing the subject and raising an eyebrow, she did a double take, "Shit! Oh Sorry! Yes, I'd have declined too! So just taking in the sights?" she quizzed and I nodded, the clock on the wall across the street showed me my twenty minutes were almost up and then things started to happen, "Here she is at last!" Heidi mumbled and waved at the tourist who was rushing towards the bus, but in her hurry she tripped and fell " Well fuck it to hell and back again! " she groaned loudly as she hit the road and I was on my feet and crossing over to her before I realised, I knew that voice and that scent, I had also heard the bone break as she landed. "This one's off the menu Heidi! She's an acquaintance and would recognise the bride and her family!" I said over my shoulder and she nodded and climbed aboard the bus, taking off in a hurry. " Damnation, I've missed my tour! Shit, my ankle hurts! Great, just great! " she ranted as I knelt beside her, "Bella, Bella calm down!" I said, adding to myself , 'Be glad you missed that tour, It would have been to die for, literally!' Hearing her name she looked up and let out a puff of air, "Emmett? Emmett Cullen? What the hell you doing here?" she asked as I scooped her up bags and all and moved back towards the bistro tables. "Holiday, well that and everyone else is at Rosalie's wedding!" I said sitting her down and assessing the damage to her ankle, thank god it was a clean break, her heart gave a little stutter as my hand made contact with her bare leg and I didn't miss the zing of electricity we both felt either. "Thanks, Emmett, is it broken, god damn it, how the hell do I find a hospital, get home, shit! shit! shit!" she mused, she must have a pretty high pain threshold, was all I could think. The buzzing in my pocket broke into my thoughts. 'Pisa hospital closed its doors yesterday due to an infection outbreak, so take her to our hotel, Carlisle will be there soon, give her two painkillers and elevate the leg' thank you, Ali. "The hospital's a no go, sorry, shut because of some superbug apparently! I've text Carlisle he's on his way, you remember Dr dad, right? So grab on were going for a walk, well I'm doing the walking" I said lifting her up against my chest, I could hear her heart hammering and was hoping that was because of me and not pain induced. I had her and her bags as I set off, thank god I'm a big guy, nobody batted an eyelid. "Where are you taking me, Emmett? I need to get this in a cast or splint, then I need to work out how I'm getting home" she was rambling and it was so cute, she weighed next to nothing and the heat coming off of her was amazing, I could hold her forever. "Our hotel, dad's coming to patch you up and we'll get you home! Where is home nowadays anyway?" I quizzed her, cause where ever it was I'm moving there pronto! "I'm an undergraduate at 'The Royal Academy of Music' in London!" she murmured, "Wow, good for you! I'm attending the School Of Computing And Business Studies also in London, small world hey!" Well, I soon will be, transfer student extraordinaire that I am! Shit, Britain is crap for animals, okay bagged blood and lots of swimming for me, there are a few whales and other marine life too, so in a pinch, they'll do! Blech, cold-blooded animals are yucky! Carlisle's got a place in London, West Heath Road, Hampstead, that could be my base to start with, it's a bit flash, but hopefully, I won't have to hide who I am for too long, she's smart, really observant, so! Okay back to the matter in hand, "We're here Bella" I whispered in her ear and was pleased with the shiver in response. The on duty receptionist asked me in Italian if everything was okay, and I just replied in the same language, that my girlfriend had hurt her leg and was going to rest it in our suite until my father returned to have a look at it. As we entered the lift Bella looked up at me from my arms and said: "Did you just tell her I was your girlfriend?" Shit caught! If I was human I'd be blushing. "Eh, well, yeah!" great I sound like a spaz now! She just giggled at me, damn that's so cute, I couldn't help but smile at her. When we entered the suite I just stood there, wondering where to take her, bed or sofa? "Emmett, you can put me down now, you're arms will get tired if you stand there all day," she said wriggling about, "Nah! you're as light as a feather, Bella-Babe!" I said without thinking, " Bella-Babe! You're taking this girlfriend thing to heart there, sport! What do I call you? Em, Emmy or, no wait, Emmy bear!" she said laughing at me, it was a lovely sound I wanted to hear over and over. So I propped her up on the sofa, pillows under her leg for elevation as per instruction, found a couple of handy pain killers and some bottled water, Alice again I assumed. She was looking a little pale so I asked if she wanted anything to eat or drink, I