A/N:- Using a little poetic licence here, I doubt she'd have been allowed to do this! xx Alexis I had just dropped into the school to hand in my homework, I was having one of those unscheduled days out, tomorrow. Charlie, my dad was having a rare day off and was going fishing, taking me with him, I didn't mind, hell I loved him and we didn't get a lot of quality time together. He was this little town's Chief of Police, so the school was very lenient with us about it, because they knew we didn't get much time for just the two of us. We were setting of tonight and I'd forgotten to hand in my stuff this morning. Today had been one of my free afternoon days, god I loved being a senior, not the studying for exams you understand, but the free study periods, Thursday just happened to be awesome for me as they were all back to back after lunch. So I was dressed in my rattiest clothes, you know the type, baggy, shapeless and ugly, I was also driving the clunker, I was never taking my baby out again on one of our trips, it took weeks to get the smell of fish out of her. When I pulled up it was the change of period and several of my friends shouted out their condolences, when they saw the truck and my clothes. I laughed and headed to the main office, Mrs Cope said to have a good time with dad and she'd see me Monday. As I was leaving the building, a very shiny silver Volvo was pulling into the car park and stopped near my truck, Oh yeah! new students, of course, I'm sure I heard dad saying something about them and their father, our new Doctor. They climbed out, all five of them, wow is all I could process as some of them glanced at me disdainfully, one of the females even wrinkled her nose, as if I smelled bad when I drew level, which I damn well didn't. Okay, then and Oh the joy of joys! was what I thought when I heard one of the boy's snigger and I glanced up, "Excuse me miss? Would you be able to tell us where the office is, please?" asked the tall red headed one, in a ridiculously pompous voice, as some of the rest giggled. I looked at him, then back at the huge sign outside the aforementioned office, then back to him, "English not your first language then?" I queried and he looked confused, then followed my gaze, then he looked downright angry. "Special Ed's that way, though!" I said pointing to a separate building on the right, he was fuming now, serves him right. I know it was cruel, but I was just plain annoyed by his whole demeanour, as well as the wording of his question, did he think I was so dumb I wouldn't be able to form a sentence. I walked away and jumped into my truck, they were all talking and a couple of them were giving him hell, so not all of them are total assholes! Unless it was for being caught acting so damn stupid in public. I realised then my Dictaphone was still running, shit! I would have to run through it and find where I stopped, I'm writing lyrics for a song I'd composed for my music exam. I shut it off and threw it in my bag, I'll do it when were out at the lake, I always took stuff to do and books to read, when we went fishing. After all these years Charlie knew it was not my forte, but it was more about us, well, being us! So I was ready to go as soon as he got home, I'd pack us plenty to eat and drink as well. We had a great two days away, Charlie was on a roll, I think he caught my weight in fish on this trip. I would have to convince him to share it around, there s only so much fish you can eat! I had listened to my tape and was about to erase it when I came to the new peoples conversation with me, what was that buzzing in the background I'd thought, hell it could almost be, voices, it started as soon as they had gotten out the car, cause I heard all the doors closing. That's not right! So what the hell was it? Well I'm not a music guru for nothing and I'll check it out on Sunday back home I decided. We were home by ten in the morning on Sunday and I couldn't wait to jump in the shower. "Sort out the fish first, dad! Then you can shower after me, while I get the washing on" I shouted over my shoulder, running up the stairs. Two hours later all clean and shiny, fed and alone , Charlie was off delivering his fish, thank the lord. I sat in my room making a copy of the tape, I played it over and yup something there in the background, so I tweaked, manipulated and generally went all FBI on it until I sat shocked at my results :- "Oh my god what the hell is that?" said an extremely bitchy and ice cold voice, "Rose don't be so cruel!" said a deep and warm, strong voice. "Whatever, just keep it away from me Emmett!" the ice bitch again spoke. Alright then, so logic dictates that, Miss wrinkly nose, the ice bitch is Rose, the big strong looking guy she was hanging on to must be Emmett. "Bet you a thousand bucks, she gets all starry eyed over Eddie!" strongman Emmett again, "Count me out, I ain't gettin' involved!" said a smooth, velvety southern voice, "Don't call me Eddie! How many times do I have to tell you?" said a petulant, whiny childish voice. "But I'll take that bet!" it continued. Okay, the southern voice must belong to the blond guy? The petulant whiner would be Eddie! Then followed our interaction short and sweet really, but in the background could be heard! "Don't Edward, you're going to regret it!" said a twinkly sweet voice, "Too late, what an asshole!" back to the blond southerner. lastly, the twinkly voice has to be the little dark-haired girl. After my Special Ed comment, hey! perfect name for him, I can't help laughing. "Why didn't you warn me, Alice? I looked like a pathetic fool!" asked Special Ed, "I tried to dumbass remember!" replied twinkly Alice, "Well damn, I really like her!" commented southern blond, "Shut up Jasper, nobody asked for your opinion!" retorted asshole, Special Ed. Oh, southern blond is Jasper, nice, very nice, and the twinkly dark haired girl is Alice, the next bit is really confusing but went like this. "She has no future! Well I don't see it anyway!" sighed Alice, "What!" all the others, "Actually I can't hear her either!" moaned Special Ed, "Jasper?" Rose, "Oh she's got emotions, plenty of them and felt every single one!" laughed Jasper, "Well what did the ugly looking thing feel?" this time demanded by Special Ed. "None of your damn business!" retorted Jasper. That was all that was on in as I was driving away by then, how did they do that? What did they mean about not seeing my future and hearing my mind? that's not possible, is it? But Jasper could feel my emotions, well damn! Snotty damned assholes those two were, well most of them seem nice, not sure about Alice yet! Well, two can play that game, I have never judged anyone like they did me! last Thursday, after just five minutes interaction. I spent the whole night phoning all my friends and asked about the new kids, no one had a good thing to say about any of them, they were standoffish and a couple were downright rude, bet that's Rose and Eddie. So I came up with a plan, telling everyone to pass it on to friends and siblings and as an afterthought I suggested they look at me sympathetically or even think about me as a charity case tomorrow, explaining how rude they had been to me, a complete stranger to them. So with that in mind, I pulled out my best-looking fishing clothes, not as bad as the ones I'd worn the other day, but still horrendous for school. I really was not normally an unkind person but they had really rubbed me up the wrong way with their judgemental attitude and behaviour. I also charge up my Dictaphone, so I could pick up what they had to say. When I arrived at school early on Monday, as arranged with Angela she rushed up as I parked next to the shiny Volvo, "Bella, I hope you don't mind but I brought you breakfast? It's not much but! here you are" she said offering me a bag. "Thank you, Angela, you're so kind!" I enthused, "It's no problem Bella, that's what friends are for! If I was needing help you'd do the same" she smiled and walked away. I heaved a big sigh and opened the bag, geez go overboard Angie I was thinking, as I tucked in. I could see the Cullens, that's their name I found out last night, all themselves adopted so you would think they would know better, out of the corner of my eye. Each watching me with a different look on their faces. Eddie and Rose with disgust and horror, Emmett with embarrassment, Alice with sadness and Jasper with confusion. He would give me away if I didn't let him understand, so I glanced up with a hopeless longing look in my eyes but was emoting mischief and fun. His head swung around and he looked me directly in the eye, barely nodded and turned away. I could see them talking, but he shook his head and walked away. As I got out and wandered inside a few people nodded at me sadly and I gave then all small smiles. As also planned at my locker Jessica came up to me and stage whispered, "Bella, my mom was having a clear out over the weekend, she wanted you to have first dibs before it goes to the thrift shop! So pop around tonight okay?" I looked at her kindly saying "Oh thanks, Jessica, I will, you and your family are too kind to me" I said humbly, "Nonsense Bella, you're a good friend, I'll see you later!" and she to walked off. All morning in the sight of the Cullens someone either squeezed my arm, or gave me a small hug, before moving off to their friends, just before lunch Mike stopped me in the corridor shouting "Hey Belly!" the Cullens all looked over, thinking here was someone who would not be nice to me, I saw Rose sneer. "I'm going to Seattle this weekend, my mom wanted to know if you would like to pick up my shifts at the store? Same rates as before okay!" he said grinning and Rose and Eddie deflated, "Thanks, Mike you're a pal!" I answered, "No I'm a dirty stop out, but don't tell my mom" he laughed and went into the cafeteria. I could see Alice and Emmett smiling at how nice Mike was, Jasper was amused, but the other two were livid, why? I don't know. Once in the lunch queue, I pretended to rake my pockets and found only a dollar, I sighed and bought a small drink and shuffled over to the table where everyone was sitting. Angie slid along making room and as a conversation started up, the odd person stopped by and said hello, but three people in our year reached over and put something on my tray, an apple from Eric, a yogurt from Lauren and a slice of Pizza