A/N: Again not a happy ending for Edward, but good for Bella :) When Bella and Jake arrived back at Charlie's house and saw Carlisle's car across the road, he was absolutely livid and tried to stop her from going into the house. Bella was adamant and eventually he relented but told her if she starts to hang about with them again, she would be crossing the line. "Oh Jake don't start that old crap again, I'm getting sick of hearing it. This, them and us rubbish does my head in" she tells him, "If we're going to stay friends you have to accept mine. Shit! I have to put up with Paul for you" she laughs getting out of the Rabbit. Alice is very surprised to see Bella alive and tells her so; Bella says she is extremely insulted that they would even consider the fact that she would kill herself. "I've got a little more respect for my life than you apparently think" she huffs and goes on to tell Alice about the cliff jumping and how unfortunately Victoria was in the water and nearly got her but thankfully three of the pack were on the cliff and they finally caught and destroyed her. She tells Alice all about Laurent and Victoria's obsession with trying to kill her since they all just upped and left, leaving her totally unprotected. Alice is horrified and says that she hardly gets any clear visions of her anymore, so seeing this one she rushed back to Forks immediately. She apologises for misreading it, saying she better let the family know right away. As she leaves to phone home Bella went up to get changed out of the damp clothes she was still wearing. Hearing Alice cry out makes her rush back down the stairs. "Oh no the fool! He's going to try to get himself killed" she screams, "Who is Alice?" Bella demands to know. "Edward, he's gone to the Volturi to get them to end his life" she sobs to Bella. "Why? Why on earth would he do that?" Bella asks her confused. "He thinks you're dead, Rose said you were dead and he blames himself" Alice yells. "What the hell, I've nearly died several times at the hands of the psycho duo and the one time it's not real that's the time he goes to try and top himself! What an irresponsible idiot" Bella shouts. Alice looks at her strangely, cocking her head. "You're different Bella, stronger, more confident and you don't seem worried for Edward!" she says quietly. "Why would I be? He dumped me, abandoned me in the forest, after telling me how I wasn't good enough or special enough for him to stay for, not the other way round. I'm not responsible for the stupid things he does to himself. I had to rebuild my life after he left me with a broken heart; I was alone with no one to talk to. Not anyone who understood the supernatural, until Jake phased anyway" she replied. Alice begged Bella to go with her to Volterra, saying he would be able to read her mind and think she was lying, so Bella needed to be the one to stop him. Bella agreed reluctantly but said she was only doing this for the family. Even though they obviously didn't care about her, she said she still had some respect and feelings for them. Alice tried to explain but Bella wouldn't listen, saying if they couldn't make up their own minds and followed blindly the ravings of a seventeen-year-old boy, then they didn't really care that much for her after all. Alice couldn't answer because she knew Bella was right. They had treated her badly and she didn't know if the damage could ever be repaired. While Alice sorted out flights etc, Bella phoned her father at the station, told him she was going on a shopping trip with Alice, who had turned up out of the blue to see her. They'd be gone three days and she would get some new clothes for college that she couldn't get locally. Charlie wasn't too pleased but knew he couldn't stop her as she was a grown woman. He hoped to himself, the Cullen's being back in her life wouldn't set her back to how she was after they left her before. On the plane to Italy, Bella told Alice all about what she had been like and how long it took to get her life back together, then finally realising that he was not her mate and had never truly loved her, well not properly. First love yes, puppy love but not true love because he could never have left her if he did. So she had set about taking charge of her life and the way it would head and began to like the new woman, she had become. Alice was amazed by this stronger Bella and wondered what Edward would think, she was sure he would try to get her back but could see that it would never be. She knew that although Bella had grown and changed, Edward had not and he would just repeat the same mistakes over and over and Bella would no longer stand for it. He was a fool and had lost the best thing that had ever happened to him, not just her love but her friendship too. But Bella was right they were not mates and never had been she could see that now, it had just been first love, never meant to last and would have fizzled out naturally if Edward had stayed. He was so melodramatic, well this last stunt proved that. Bella was very calm all the way to Volterra, she hoped they could save Edward for Esme's sake. She didn't tell Alice about knowing now that she was a shield and that the Quileute elders had been working with her to make it tangible and usable even though she was still human. They had told her that in the past many of the tribes had had people with special abilities. It was never the same one twice and so over the generations, they recognised the signs and worked with those few to get the most out of it. It was a twofold thing, the inner shield that protected her mind and the outer that protected her body now it was activated. She often wished it had worked sooner as she would have had a lot fewer scars. Old Quill had thought the bite James had given her had left behind some residual venom that was what had triggered it. She also though that the few times Edward had sealed minor wounds with his venom had probably contributed too. Alice had seen what Edward intended, once again giving into his overly dramatic side. So they knew where he would be and when for best effect. So Bella ran through the crowded square, using her shield to push people gently out of the way to make her path easier. Just as she reached Edward she used her shield to stop him moving into the sunlight. As he vainly pushed against it, he opened his eyes to see Bella standing there shaking her head at him and holding up his shirt. "Put your damn clothes on Edward, you look like a fool," she told him and at first, he thought he was dreaming but by the look of anger and disgust on her face, he came back to reality quickly. "Love, your alive! What are you doing here it's too dangerous?" he said loudly. "I'm here to save your sorry ass, Edward, why else would a sane person come to the Vampire capital of the world?" she told him. Just as Alice reached them Edward tried to embrace Bella and could not. "Not happening Eddie-boy, you lost that right last September," Bella said smiling. They were both looking at her strangely as three vampires appeared as is from nowhere. "Bella love, run, they are dangerous and will kill you" he ordered. "Shut up Edward! Stop telling me what to do and stop being so OTT, it's embarrassing" Bella snarked at him. "Well well, what have we here?" said the tallest vampire Bella had ever seen. Not as tall as the pack, but pretty tall all the same. "It's a Buffy the Vampire Slayer Convention! and you're not invited" Bella laughed at him. Felix was stunned by this response, humans were normally terrified of him and never in his long life as a vampire had one laughed at him. He liked it and her right away. "You can't be Bella? I was expecting some boring, plain, mousy thing. If you were involved with him" he said smirking at Edward. "I was, but then the glamour wore off," Bella said, "Turns out the real me's a bit of a bitch, but I love her" she laughed. "Well the Kings wants to see you, they saw you on the CCTV and have to meet you in person" he stated. "Why are you talking to your food, Felix? just grab her and let's get going" said a small blonde childlike vampire. "Whoa there, short stuff. If Aro wants to meet me, all you need to do is ask, there will be no grabbing, ever" Bella replied loudly. "No Bella, you can't go in there, I won't allow it," said Edward. "Dear god Edward! did Carlisle drop you on your head when he turned you? Cause you're acting real stupid. You don't tell me to do anything anymore, dumb, dumb! and I really don't think they are going to take no for an answer" she shot back at him. She strolled forward taking Felix's arm and said "Lead on, big guy. By the way, who's the kid?" Felix choked back a laugh saying "That's Jane and the silent one's Alec her brother". "Ah the twins, heard of you guys, a pleasure to meet you" she called over her shoulder and everyone just stared at her. "What? manners cost nothing, you know" Bella said with a smile. Edward was so confused; this was not his sweet, delicate Bella. Alice told him inside of his head what did he expect, that he was so goddamn stupid; she had outgrown him while he was gone. He had made her the person she now was, because of his hurting her emotionally and abandoning her she had changed. Edward was not happy at all about this, he had forgotten the most important thing about humans, they grow, age and change. When they reached the throne room, Aro, Marcus and Caius were all seated on their thrones and all but Aro looked bored to tears. Felix ushered her forward and Edward tried to lunge for her to pull her back. She used her shield to avoid the contact. Aro narrowed his eyes and spoke over her head to Edward, "She's not the girl you lead me to believe Edward! Why and how did you keep this from me?" he said. To say that Bella was pissed off was an extremely large understatement. "Eh hello! She has a name, it's Bella by the way and I do not appreciate being talked over. Especially when you're directing your questions to the monkey, and in this situation I'm the organ grinder!" she voiced. They were stunned, nobody ever corrected Aro. The guard tensed and held their collective unnecessary breath. Caius leant forward and Marcus lifted his head to look closely at Bella. "My most sincere apologies, Isabella. My dear, you are correct, Edward obviously knows nothing about you at all" Aro cooed at her, " Might I take your hand ?" he asked and Bella moved forward a step, then she turned to Felix and said, "If he moves put a leash on him, please". Felix laughed out loud and everyone gasped, this was obviously a rare sound. So she stepped forward once more and let