A/N This is both the love child and unwanted bi-product of Irn Bru and Pepsi and we're delighted to have you here! Leave us your thoughts, which we are sure are plentiful! We hope you enjoy! Lots of love F alconpie . Narcissa and the Filthy Grandbabies From the deranged minds of thewaterfalcon & PierreJ92 "You summoned, m'lady," James says, bowing, as he and Sirius enter the drawing room. Narcissa is pacing before the fireplace, "I need you to do me a favour." Sirius sniggers as he turns to James, "And there was me thinking that this is a favour." Narcissa pauses in her strides as she turns on her heels to meet their eyes, "I need you to steal something for me," her hand raises to silence them before they object, "it is dangerous and unruly, I am aware it is not in your job description , but I trust no one else with this." The two men exchange a look as they await the details of the task. "I wish for you to steal my son and daughter-in-law's...puppies," Narcissa said as if she had just asked them to make her a sandwich. "They are the closest things I will have to grandchildren and they need to meet their grandmother." Sirius and James simply blink at Narcissa for a moment, their looks both incredulous at her words. "I mean... are you like tapped ?" Sirius says as he looks at her, "I mean, seriously, you been checked out… in the mental department? Because stealing anyone's ' puppies' is not like normal behaviour, y'know that… Right? I mean or, should I be more worried than I am? 'Cause, not gonna lie, I'm kinda shit scared right now." James nods in agreement with Sirius, "Just cause they have pets don't mean you won't have human grandkids if this is what that is about, cause you cray cray girl. They're little puppies, sweet little four-legged friends." James winks at Sirius who dismisses the look. "You don't understand," Narcissa groans, clearly exasperated. She flicks her hair over her shoulder in a melodramatic way before sinking into the leather armchair that has seen better days, "no one has visited me in weeks. If they are here, running around, then they'll visit. They will have too." "I think that has more to do with you being mental and tapped, than the fact they have puppies, bro," Sirius comments as the woman narrows her eyes; he raises his hands, "Just saying." James nods, "Plus what are we? Fucking owls ? We are here everyday!" "Through menial work, not choice," Narcissa mumbles. Sirius sighs loudly, "Trust me, there is some choice involved. I could CHOOSE to be homeless, but here I am." "I think she means -" "- I know what she means, man, chill Prongs," Sirius says. "So, we steal these puppies and then what? You live happily ever after with your son and daughter-in-law? Cause let me tell you something, Elsa, that isn't how family works." "Well," Narcissa smiles wickedly. "They either visit or their beloved children will be with me, forever." James rolls his eyes, "Love, you couldn't even keep a fish alive never mind lots of needy dogs. I mean, I am surprised your son survived." Narcissa shoots him a look, "If they aren't visited, they won't be in their disgusting animal form. They'll be somewhere where I can take care of them, show them off and adore them without needing morons like you two around." Sirius feigns insult as James folds his arms. "Just steal the blasted things and come back here. Promptly, I shall add! I am not one for tardiness. The greatest coat the Wizarding World has ever seen is positively begging to be created." James grabs ahold of Sirius as the two move to leave the room. "Mate, we can't be seriously considering this? Kidnapping puppies to make into a coat?! She's mad as a fucking hatter." "What choice have we got, either the puppies get it, or we do. I'm sure she'd love a Padfoot coat to wear whilst admiring her mounted Prongs antlers." "Fair point, so what's the plan?" Three Months Earlier Sirius is busy tightening the window when he feels something scurry across his foot. He looks down slowly, and sees the tiny animal resting on his sock. " AHHHHH!" " Pads! PADS!" James shrieks, rushing into see a little rat looking at him from his friends foot. "AHH!" " GET THIS BLOODY BASTARD PETTIGREW LOOKING THING OFF MY FOOT!" Sirius shrieks as his hands begin flapping in the air like wings. James dashes over, bravery flowing through him as he grabs the rat and stares it down. He remembered a lot about rodents from his childhood dream of being someone who took care of magical creatures and knew immediately that the Pettigrew-looking-bastard wasn't a Pettigrew at all. " Um, mate?" James says shiftily as his friend was still shuddering. "Pettigrew, ain't a Pettigrew." " Right?" Sirius says, clearly not bothered by this fact. James turns the animal to face his friend still gripping in his hand, "It's a Pettigranine." " Mate, this is no good. We're living in literal squalor, maybe we should take that job offer." " I dunno man, she's apparently a few lacewings short of a potion." " What choice have we got?" "James." "Yeah," James breathes, "I'm not sure I like this." "Those aren't puppies, James." "No mate, they aren't puppies and they're-AHHHHHHHHH!" Sirius watches, mouth hanging open, as one of the definitely-not-a-puppy puppies chases James from the large grassy paddock. This is proof, Sirius thinks as he watches James clutch the arse of his trousers, which appear to have a plume of steam arising from them, that Narcissa really has lost it. "WHATCHA MEAN YOU LET MY BABIES GO!" Sirius looks at her, "Cissa, not entirely sure you are aware but.. They're not puppies...they're fucking dragons ." James nods, "They spit fire bro, the hole in the arse of my jeans is proof enough of that! I ain't wrestling with no fire-breathing little bitch again, for a coat." Narcissa glares down at them, "Get me MY grandchildren or so help me Merlin I will skin you and make a pair of boots out of you!" Sirius slowly smirks, "I think I'd make a better hat -" "- GET OUT!" "Someone is pissssy!" James muttered as the two hurried out of the drawing room. "Yeah mate, Pissy Cissy." "Brooooo." Sirius turns around to see James removing his glasses, powder all around his nose. "I can fucking see man, oh my goddddd!" "Prongs…" Sirius says worryingly. "What have you done?" James launches across the room, grabbing Sirius by the scruffs of his jacket as he tried to stare at him, "Bro, this stuff… This potent, powder right, this yeah?" James shakingly shows him the bottle in his hand. "It is… MINDBLOWING. Mind-blowing." "You… Y-you sniffed this?" Sirius snapped. "Bro, I saved you some." "Mate, that's dragon eggs, like mashed up… Like, you've just sniffed dragon eggs." James processes this for a moment as does Sirius and a grin begins to spread over the two men's faces. "Oh My God, Prongs, gimme some." James sniffs a large quantity and the high is immediate, the two look around as the room contorts and grows in colour. Dull shades begin to blossom to bright pinks and Sirius fails to remember a high as strong as this. "Fucccck." "Right?" James hisses as Sirius turns to see him floating past him, nothing supporting him. "Wheeeeeeeeeee!" "I wanna go!" Sirius said stamping his foot before he finds himself unable to touch the ground and he stares over at James and grabs his foot. "I'll race you around the room!" "YOU my four legged friend, are on!" James hisses and the two begin paddling their arms as if they were swimming. The two of them were blissfully unaware of Narcissa watching from the door as the two men she had hired looked like fish out of water on her expensive egyptian rug. She wondered what kind of morons she had hired to help her steal something as important as her grandchildren. This attempt would be better. It had to be. Sirius had decided to attempt to undo the wards meaning that it would be far easier to not disturb the inhabitants of the home. James however, had the patience of a cheetah wanting its prey and decided to allow the lightbulb moment to take over his normal conscious. James wished with all he had in him that he had some of that dragon egg powder to hand, he could imagine how well this particular task would go if they were as calm as they were when they were fixing chandeliers and windows. With the speed of a Seeker, he swiftly turned around to grab the nearest one to him as he lifted it up to face him, "Gotcha you little shit-AHHH!" His hand letting go of the dragon as his arm began to pulsate. "This is not good, THIS IS NOT GOOD!" Sirius looks over, his friend's arm suddenly growing twice its size as he tramples over the garden before jumping over the wooden fence to James. " Do not pick them up , I say, what does he do? Pick them up. They have teeth , I say, the teeth bite him. Don't scream or make loud noises, I say, so what does James- genius -Potter go and do? He screams the bloody town down," Sirius mumbles the entire way until he gets to James. The man is close to sobbing, tears falling down his cheeks, whilst his arm looks close to something that has its own heart and waste disposal system. They are suddenly alerted to a light coming on in the house in front of them. "Shit," Sirius hissed. "This, will not be pretty." "Do not apparate me, Pad-FOOT!" The two of them swirling from the ground as they sucked through space and air before landing on the grass of the Manor gardens. The arm that was once red and inflamed suddenly getting a darker colour - close to something in one of those Muggle extraterrestrial films. "Fuck, this is most definitely, not good." James looks up at him, whimpering, as Sirius tries to plaster a smile over his face as he pulls his best friend close as he leads him towards the house. There was nothing quite like the rage that would fall upon them - or in Sirius' case, him. He stood tall as the woman entered the room, her robe billowing behind her exactly like a villain from a book. "Are you both telling me, that you let them get away, AGAIN?" "Well," Sirius shifted awkwardly on the balls of his feet, "James sort of got bit." "Bit?" "Yeah, not sure how exactly, but one of them bit his arm...and…" "And?" Narcissa drew herself up to her full height as she looked at him with an imposing air. "Well...he's having a lie down...because his arm is sort of-" "SORT OF WHAT?!" "...purple." "Wh- what do you mean his arm is sort of purple?" "Look, go see for yourself, but he now resembles half a red cabbage." Sirius's face was beginning to also resemble said cabbage as he struggled to maintain his composure and not buckle under his clear desire to burst out laughing. "I'd rather not," she drawled, "it sounds repulsive." "Oh, it is!" Sirius replied, not caring to hide the glee in his voice. "I expect him to be better for the next...attempt?" Sirius shrugged in response. "I mean, he might not be up for it, not-" "DO I LOOK LIKE I CARE WHAT EITHER OF YOU DIMWITS ARE UP FOR ? I CARE ABOUT MY GRANDCHILDREN!" Sirius placed both his hands in front of him, palms facing the ceiling as he mimicked a set of scales. "Grandchildren...Dragons...Grandchildren...Sure, same difference." Sirius is surprised, it might actually work this time. "So I read