Hey! Its my first fanfic! Please review and hope you enjoy! ^_^ Please read the A/N at the end. P.S: I don't own anything. See Y ou Again Nico di Angelo was having a bad day already. On top of that, he was missing his dead sister Bianca….dearly. He couldn't quite pin point what made him miss her so badly today all of a sudden. It wasn't like it was her death anniversary or her birthday. Although he couldn't remember what he had dreamed about last night, he was pretty sure that it wasn't about her. Nothing around or about him had reminded him of her and yet…he just missed her. It was like one of those days when you just miss a person dear to you without a rhyme or reason. It's not like you are reminded about them in some sort of way and then you think about them and hence all the memories begin. No, not like that. You just….miss them. You miss not being with them. You miss their laugh. You miss their smile. Basically you just miss everything about them. That was what was going on with Nico. He missed how she used to tease him by calling him 'little brother'. He hated being called little. Even though he was actually the younger one. He missed how she used to scold him for still playing mythomagic. He missed the talks he used to give her to stop covering her face with her cap and be confident like the mythology heroes. He missed how she used to brush her hand through his hair at this and tease him for acting all grown up. He even missed the times they had spent together in Venice. The memories were still fuzzy but clear enough to cause him heartache all the same. He remembered how she used to twirl around in that white dress of hers. He remembered the time that she became a Huntress. Sure it had pissed him off but he hadn't missed the new look of confidence with which she carried herself. He remembered thinking, that's how you should be Bi . Nico felt a tear roll down his cheek. More like he just realised that he was crying. He touched the wet skin with his fingers but didn't bother to wipe it off, knowing that more were to follow. The dam had just broken after all. He was lying on his bed with a hand over his head in the Hades cabin. He turned to bury his face into the pillow to muffle his sobbing. The memories kept flashing before his shut eyes. He wondered idly, if he would ever get over his sister's death. Even though he had Hazel now, the answer was no. It wasn't that he didn't love Hazel. He loved her as much as he loved Bianca. But Hazel was Hazel, not Bianca. He stayed like that, with his face buried in the pillow, for another few minutes or at least until he was sure that his tears had dried. He slowly sat up on the bed and looked out of the window. It was almost dusk. He felt a whisper of relief. The horrible day was finally coming to an end and Will should also be coming back. He sat up a little straight at Will's name. A feeling of elation mixed with annoyance swept over him. Will was part of the reason his day was going bad. That dork had ditched him to go to the city to buy some new stock for the infirmary. Obviously, Nico had offered but his offer had been immediately vetoed. Will saying that it wasn't safe (he was the Ghost King for crying out loud!) and Chiron saying that a child of the big three will only attract unnecessary monster trouble (to which naturally Nico lost the argument). He had an inkling feeling that Will had somehow convinced Chiron to side with him, or else why would Chiron refuse an experienced fighter to accompany a group of healers? To say the least, that was how Nico's bad day had begun. He had stormed off to his cabin soon after Will, Kayla and Austin had left for their stock up "quest". After sulking in his cabin for a while, he had gone off to the sword arena to spar, it always helped him in letting off steam. Just his luck, he got a huge gash on his arm, courtesy of a son of Nike. Will is gonna flip if he sees this , Nico had thought as he made his way to the infirmary. Then he chided himself for thinking that because he was still mad at Will. Without the best medics, the most the rest of the healers could do was patch Nico up the regular mortal way and hand him a square of ambrosia to eat. He was fine with that much actually, it was always Solace who overreacted to his wounds and not him. Then Percy convinced him to canoe with him to cool off a bit. Nico had reluctantly agreed and that had been a huge mistake. Percy's idea to "cool off" was to throw Nico into the lake as a joke. After a lot of cursing and sending a few skeletons chasing Jackson's ass, Nico had made his way to his cabin for a change of clothes. By the time he had changed into dry clothes, the effect of ambrosia had worn off and the pain had flared once again. So instead of making way for lunch, he had just stayed in bed and then somehow, thoughts of Bianca had caught up with him. Once again, he was brought back to lamenting about Bianca. One would think that after almost ten years, all you would be left with were the happy memories. Memories that you could visit without getting depressed. It wasn't that that didn't happen with Nico. It did, but very rarely. More often than not, he was left sobbing until Will found him in his own personal shell and pulled him out. But Will wasn't here right now. Gods knew when he would come back. He should have been back by now. They had left quite early and all they had to do was shop. He flopped back down on his bed and pulled out the mp3 player that Will had given him on his previous birthday. Over the past years the Hephaestus cabin had really advanced in making monster-proof technology for demigods. Now all demigods could have phones and all kinds of tech. The mp3 had a few playlists already there, courtesy of Will. The rest of his friends had taken it upon themselves to make him more familiar with the 21st century music and trivia. So he had a playlist put on by almost every single one of them. He liked Thalia's playlist best because it had more metal and punk songs which he found more to be his type. Hazel had worked with him together and helped him create a playlist of Italian songs. Over the years, his Italian side had started to show up more. He liked to cook pastas in the little apartment, he and Will owned in Seattle, while Will attended his med-school. Of course Will had more than one playlist to his name. Nico had one full playlist dedicated especially to him by Will. The songs and the lyrics of that playlist sometimes made him blush and sometimes shake his head at his boyfriend's dorkiness and cheesiness. Just wanting a little distraction, Nico put all the playlists on shuffle and closed his eyes hoping to drift off. After a couple of songs, a new song started blaring in his ears. Although the volume was low, the silence surrounding him made the song a little loud. He didn't realise what the song was but its lyrics caught his attention and his thoughts turned towards Bianca before he even realized. This time he felt himself tear up. He reached up to brush it off but another hand beat him to it. Nico almost fell off his bed in surprise. Will Solace was kneeling next to his bed. He looked like he had been kneeling for quite a while. Nico looked towards the door. How come he hadn't heard the door shut? "Hey….you okay?" asked Will, looking at him with concern set in his blue eyes. As Nico got over his shock, the fact that Will was right in front of him seeped into his sluggish brain. All of a sudden he launched himself into Will's arms and hugged him tight. He hadn't realised how much he had missed his dork in just that one day, especially since it was a bad one. Nico wasn't really a touchy-feely type person but he really needed a hug right now. What with it being such a bad day and then Bianca and his dork not being around too. Will seemed to understand that. He hugged him back. Nico ducked his head in the nook of Will's shoulder blades, as the dam broke again. Seriously, why was he crying so much today?! Will rocked him back and forth like a baby and rubbed his back, all the while not saying anything. He knew that at times like these, with Nico, words weren't required. Just being there was enough for Nico. They sat like that on the floor for gods know how long. Nico had long since calmed down but neither of them had moved. It was already dark outside. It was probably time for dinner. They only broke apart when Nico's stomach growled. That set both of them laughing lightly in the dark room. Will's stomach followed soon after which really sent them into laughing fits. "C'mon, let's go get dinner, Death Boy. I bet you didn't have lunch, did you?" Will said as he peered into Nico's eyes searching. Nico just stared back. Not bothering to come up with an excuse. "Hey…you wanna talk about it?" Nico shrugged his shoulders and took a deep breath before replying. "Just…" he began, "…I was having a bad day, which started thanks to you actually." He punched Will lightly on the shoulder. The dork had the audacity to laugh knowing exactly what he was talking about. "Anyways…" he continued, looking away from Will now, "it wasn't so bad until the usual happened." He started fidgeting with the hem his shirt. "It caught me off guard and that's about it." Will just silently pulled him back into a hug again. He knew all too well what the 'usual' Nico was talking about. It's not like it had happened for the first time. Nico sighed into his arms. This is where he always felt calm even if a storm was brewing inside him. He hugged Will tighter. An idea started forming in his head. It was a very un-Nico like idea, he had to admit. But he felt like he had to do it all the same. Scratch that. He wanted to do it. For Bianca. He was sure he would not be able to live it down for a long time but he was also sure that it would be worth it. He pulled back a little so that he could look at Will's face to feel a little more confidence for what he was about to do. "Hey Will…I have this idea….and I need your help…" Dinner was a not so quiet affair at the dinning pavilion. What with all the college kids staying at the camp for summer together and it being a Friday which meant Open-Mic Night. Most of the college kids were already together at New Rome. Others attended regular colleges and tried to stay out of trouble as much as possible. But it wasn't every summer that all of them who had fought in the two wars, had gotten together at Camp. They may have spent some time at New Rome but Camp Half-Blood