Hey people! I wrote this before I even joined fanfick at like 4 in the morning when I couldn't sleep. Anyways I forgot about it until this morning when I was trying to find a blank page in my notebook (unsuccessfully) so I thought I'd upload it. Sorry if it sucks but it is my first Kato so please understand if it is bad. Enjoy and tell me what you think! I hear Peeta confess his 'undying love' for me and I freeze, speechless. The cameras find me and I manage to glance at the screen. I look genuinely shocked. Then Cato comes up to me, presses his lips to my ear and whispers "I need you to know that I love you and I'm going to do what ever I can to make you feel the same way" Then he sprints off in the direction of the training room. Haymitch turns to me "What did he say sweetheart?" I just look at him for a minute then I decide that I should talk to Cato first and Peeta second. But I still need to answer Haymitch. "It happened again" it comes out and barley passes as anything more as a whisper. "I'll see you back on the floor in a bit" I turn to run and he yells after me "Don't kill him" "No promises" I shout over my shoulder and I don't have to look back to know he's smiling. I however, am not. When I reach the training room Cato is waiting for me leaning across a door frame trying to look causal. He failed miserably. When he sees me stop under his gaze he starts to move towards me. "Stop it Cato" he stops in his tracks and asks confused "Stop what exactly" "Stop giving me that look and expecting me to fall for you like everyone else. I know what you're trying to do. You're trying to make me choose between you two and in the end it won't matter who I choose because you'll just kill me anyway" "Is that really how you think of me?" I'm surprised to find that he actually sounds hurt. "When I first saw you I thought you were a threat, then I got to know you and realized that there might be another side to you but here you go again being a jerk! I'm not going to fall into your trap" "Ok, first you calling me a jerk hurt, second I would never hurt you, can't you just think of me as the guy I really am? The guy I am when I'm with you? And finally how do you know he's not lying? Not trying to make you weak?" "I know Peeta, I know when he lies. And trust me I'm still mad at him for making me look weak but I thought I'd deal with you first." I decided to ignore his first two comments because I have no answer for him. Not yet anyway. "Aw thanks for the consideration. Now you know me, can't you tell when I'm lying?" "Yes I do know you, but I know you as two different guys and right now you're just sounding like the brutal killer from district 2" "So you're judging me because of my home?" "No. I'm not judging you. I'm trying to understand you. By the way, you are such a hypocrite! When we first met you referred to me as district 12 scum!" I'm really getting pissed now. "I thought you already did understand me" there's a long pause before he speaks again "let's see if I can convince you which version of me I am" He moves forward and I'm instantly scared. I walk backwards regretting choosing to talk to him first instead of Peeta, he's much less…intimidating. I'm snapped away from my thoughts as my back comes into contact with the smooth cold surface of the wall. He smirks. "What we're in a room full of weapons and this is the one time when you don't have something to hit me with? It must have been fait" his voice is joking but his eyes are filled with something I can't quite place then he presses his strong body close against mine; trapping my arms so I can't do anything. I feel his lips smash against mine and am overcome with a strange feeling and find myself starting to kiss him back but I quickly snap myself out of it. I pull my leg up and knee him in the gut; he winces slightly at the pain but doesn't budge. Then I decide to take a different approach and knee him in the balls. He lets out a grown as he hunches over in pain. Finally I'm free from his grasp and take the opportunity to make a bee line for the door. Just before I go out I decide to say one last thing "You know the cameras aren't here so you didn't need to pretend to like me" "You really still think I'm pretending? Katniss that's sick! I'd never do that to you!" I don't answer and sprint full speed pushing the door open. I never slow down as I make my way down the long, spiraling corridor. When I make it into the elevator I let out a sigh of relief. I press the button with a 12 on it and relax for a minute. I walk into the lounge and see that everyone has waited for me. Effie sits admiring the new mahogany table that had been brought into the room while we were at the interviews, Cinna and Portia sit on the sofa talking quietly, Haymitch sits facing the blank TV screen with a drink in his hand and a hollow look on his face then I see Peeta, he's pacing up and down the floor looking worried as ever. When I see him it just reminds me that he's done exactly the same as Cato even if his intentions were different. I feel the anger rise up inside me and tackle him, pushing him into a wall and smashing a vase. I yell for a bit until Haymitch and Cinna pry me off of him telling me that instead of making me look weak he made me look desirable. Effie just grumbles on about how nice that vase was and about my lack of manners. I really couldn't care less. I can tell that before I tackled Peeta know one knew I was even there. I did come in instinctively quietly because of my countless hours hunting with Gale. Huh. Maybe I do have a chance in the games. "I think you better tell us what happened sweetheart" I nod and ask quietly "Can I get changed first and take my makeup off?" Cinna smiles at me and I know he understands how dressed up I feel right now and how I need to wash away the memories of what has happened. I go to my room, have a shower, take off my makeup and put on the first thing I see which happen to be a red top and a pair of denim shorts. I wouldn't have thought it was comfy but actually I was surprised. I've never worn denim before in my life! I slowly walk back into the lounge to be greeted by an impatient looking Haymitch and a scared Peeta. "Did he hurt you?" his eyes quickly scan my body for any cuts as soon as I enter the room. Even though there aren't any cameras here and I just smashed him into a wall cutting his hands in the process he still acts as if he's in love. Maybe he is. Maybe my bluff to Cato about him not lying is actually not a bluff at all. I sit down on the new table and watch Effie wince and try not to yell. Then I turn my attention to Haymitch who has obviously enjoyed watching Effie's reaction as well. It's starting to get a bit creepy how much we're alike. Just as I'm about to spill the beans about everything that has happened the TV screen flicks on and the sound of Ceaser Flickerman's voice fills the room. I can tell already that we're not the only ones watching this. "Ladies and gentleman, as we ended our last interview of the night there happened to be some very peculiar events going on in the training room, we had cameras placed in there to help the game makers decide on the tributes scores and were able to catch a very interesting conversation between two of our tributes." The TV screen starts by showing my reaction to Peeta's interview and when I see Cato lean in to whisper in my ear Peeta tenses. He's obviously not liking this and I can tell he's going to get a big shock when he sees the kiss. It shows my reaction to Cato's words too. I sprint off after him yelling back at Haymitch. Then the angle of the camera shifts a little and you can tell that the cameras in the training room are up high. It shows our shouted conversation, the kiss and my hasty exit then it shows what I didn't see. After I left Cato ran his fingers through his shaggy blonde hair and you can tell by the look in his eyes that he's genuinely sad and feeling lost. He punches the wall angrily leaving a giant whole. Wow! I knew he was strong but not that strong! He leaves and the screen goes blank for a second before Ceaser's image engulfs it again. "Well what do you think of that folks? Will Cato manage to convince Katniss of his feelings? Who will she choose? Happy hunger games and May the odds be ever in your favor!" the crowd start cheering and I can barely stop myself from gagging. Peeta turns to me "He kissed you and you kissed back?" it sounds like he needs reassurance even though he has just seen it for himself "I also knead him in the balls!" I say defensively but before we can get further into our fight Cato comes crashing into the room and even before he can say anything a camera crew excitedly come into the room. Great. Just great. "Can you please leave us alone?" I ask kindly to the camera men "Sorry darling but we are under strict orders to film you three" "Don't call me darling!" I snap and I can tell that Peeta, Cato, Cinna and Haymitch are all smiling (or smirking in Cato's case) at my attitude but I'd bet anything that Effie isn't as pleased. "You tell 'em sweetheart" I glare back at Haymitch before pushing past the mass of people blocking the doorway and run straight for my room. I don't want to talk to anyone tonight if it's about what's happened or what's about to happen in the next couple of weeks and I defiantly don't want the conversation to be filmed! The large TV screen in my room comes to life and I hear Ceaser Flickerman's voice once again "Because you all showed so much interest in this teenage love triangle we decide to be kind and not make you wait until the morning. So here we go" it shows Cato impatiently tapping his foot while he waits for the glass elevator to rise to my floor. Then it shows me and the camera man have a little fight before I run into my bedroom. Then it has a small message along the bottom of the screen 'this is brought to you live from the twelfth floor of the tribute training building' nothing exciting must have happened since I locked myself in. Haymitch stands up and surprisingly comes eye to eye with Cato which is something I've never seen anyone be brave enough to do yet. Then again he is drunk. "Have you been hassling