She first saw him when she opened the curtains for the first time, and there he was, banging his head on a math textbook and yelling something she couldn't hear. Annabeth opened the window and chucked a pencil at his. He looked up at her with green, green eyes and then blushed. Hard. He mouthed something at her and Annabeth shouted, "OPEN YOUR WINDOW! I CAN'T HEAR YOU!" He turned red again and fumbled with the latch, finally opening the window in about thirty seconds. Leaning out so far that Annabeth was scared that he'd fall, he called, "I'm Percy! You?" "Annabeth!" she shouted back, cupping a hand around her mouth to amplify the noise. "Why were you trying to kill yourself with a math textbook?" His shoulders slumped. "My teacher doesn't like me. Her name is...Mrs. Dodds, and she should teach like sixth grade, not second! She gives me things that don't make any sense!" "I can come and try to help!" Annabeth offered. Percy blinked a few times. Silence fell between them, and then he shrugged. "Sorry, my mommy's at work and my stepdad doesn't like it when I bring visitors home." "Oh...okay." Annabeth's face fell slightly, although it was only because he had fascinating green eyes and she really felt kind of bad for him. They went to different elementary schools, because somehow his house was in one county and hers was in the other. She'd only figured that out because there was no Mrs. Dodds in the whole second grade or the whole school, and Annabeth had memorized the faculty list. Maybe she'd see him tomorrow. -0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- She didn't see him tomorrow, but she did see him the next day, doing the same thing with the same textbook. Okay. This time she was definitely going over. Percy was going to kill himself at this rate. Annabeth slipped on her shoes and tiptoed over to Percy's porch, ringing the doorbell. There was a thump and then the door opened to reveal Percy. "Um...what are you doing here?" A bright grin lit up Annabeth's face. "Well, you were trying to commit suicide by math textbook, so I figured I would come and help. Is that okay? I can go home, I mean, if you want me to...if you don't, I can stay...if you don't care...um...can I stay?" "Oh, um, sure." His tone was equally as awkward, and Annabeth was kind of regretting this, but also kind of not, because those eyes were even more amazing up close. He led them up the stairs and for some reason it wasn't awkward anymore. Percy only had one desk chair, so they glanced at each other, laughed, and sat down together. Their little second grade bodies fit perfectly, and when Annabeth took a look at his math homework, she knew that this was not second grade math. "...she wants you to...find the GCF? What's that?" Annabeth was actually confused and had no idea what to do. This was beyond her level. She was in AC second grade, but that only meant she could learn a little bit of third grade. This wasn't third grade. "I don't know!" Percy cried, slumping down. "And she was really mean to me yesterday and said that if I don't complete my work then she'll contact my mommy and then my mommy will be really disappointed and I don't want mommy to be disappointed!" "Look, we can figure it out," Annabeth said calmly, patting him on the back. "Okay, so she put down 42 and 70. What does GCF actually stand for? We have to find that out before we do anything else." "I don't know." This time his voice was sad and flat, like he'd given up. She did not like that tone, so she shook his shoulders. "Percy whatever-your-last-name-is, stop talking like that and find a computer or something! And if you can't find one I'll go home and ask my parents! Because by the gods you are not going to fail this homework assignment, you hear me?" He blinked a few times. "O - okay. Um, my stepdad has the computer in his room, and...I don't like his room. It smells weird and smoky and sour and stuff, so...do you have a computer?" "Yep!" Annabeth brightened immediately. At least he wasn't giving up anymore. "Let's go!" Percy seemed slightly put off by her large, bright foyer, and he looked at her like he didn't know whether to take off his shoes or not. The computer was set up in the corner by the TV, and Annabeth kicked off her shoes, racing towards it with Percy's worksheet in her hands. He was beside her a second later and Annabeth was on Google. "What...is...a...G...C...F?" she muttered as she typed, clicking enter. A bunch of results popped up and she clicked the first one, which told them that a GCF was the greatest factor that divides two things, and that it stood for 'greatest common factor.' "Okay. So it means that it's the greatest common factor of two numbers. What's a factor?" Percy asked. Shrugging, Annabeth highlighted the text in the search bar and deleted it, replacing it with 'what is a factor?' "A factor...is...wait, why are there so many definitions?" Annabeth murmured. Percy took control of the mouse and clicked 'Show more definitions.' The screen rolled down and then Annabeth gasped. "Wait! Stop scrolling! There's a definition under math! Mathe...Math!" He went back up and they read it together. "A number or algebraic equation by which one number is exactly divisible." "So..." Annabeth mused. "Like...2 can go into 4? My mommy taught me a little about division, and she gave me a poster with a bunch of numbers and how they're divisible and stuff, like 42 divided by 7 is...um, well I don't know, but the poster does! Let's go!" "Um, actually, we still don't know how to find GCF," Percy said softly. "So...could we maybe wait?" "Oh! I'm sorry!" Annabeth smiled sheepishly. "Sorry. Hey, can you look that up? I'll find the poster. It's somewhere in the back of my closet...I think. Anyways, I'll go find that! Find me in my room!" Percy nodded slightly and Annabeth raced upstairs, throwing her closet door wide open. Her shoulders slumped when she saw the pile of junk in the back of it, because okay maybe she stuffed everything in there when her dad asked her to clean her room, but now she'd have to search through that for the poster. "Ughhh..." she groaned, throwing a shoe out behind her shoulder. Two coats, a cheerleader's Pom-Pom (where had that come from?), some cat-eared sunglasses, a broken watch...they all flew past her, and the last one hit Percy in the shoulder. "Ow!" he muttered. Annabeth whipped around, her hair smacking her in the face. "Sorry! Are you okay?" Shrugging, he waved her off, removing his hand from his shoulder. "It's fine." "Okay! Well, one second..." Annabeth dug through the mess a little more and pulled out a slightly crumpled poster, smoothing it out on the floor. "Here it is! So what did you have to do to find GCF?" He sighed. "It was really confusing, but it said that you have to find both numbers' prime factors and then multiply them? And if there's no common prime factors, then the GCF is one?" They stayed like that for a long time, one of them occasionally running back down to the computer to look something up. And in an hour, Percy's worksheet was finished, Percy himself was exhausted, and Annabeth was really excited to go back to school tomorrow and impress everyone with her knowledge. She didn't, actually, but it was still worth it to her because she got to spend a little more time looking into those eyes. -0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- "Hey Percy!" Annabeth called. In front of her, Percy looked behind to see her standing outside in her pajamas and grinned. "Why are you in your pjs?" "It's our principal's birthday today, so she let us have the day off." Yes I know this would never happen in real life, but just pretend. "Isn't that awesome?" Annabeth laughed, running a hand through her wild curls. Straight hair was a gift from the gods, or at least it was in her opinion. She really envied those girls who woke up with their hair sleek and straight, instead of a crazy mane of curls bouncing everywhere. "Lucky!" Percy groaned. "I mean, it's almost the end of school and we're on fifth grade and it's almost time for middle school, and she just let you have the day off? Seriously? I would've thought you'd still get up and wait for the school bus to show the teachers your dedication to learning." Annabeth laughed again. "Nope! I love sleeping in!" "Yeah, so do I," Percy grumbled. "I'll text you through the day," Annabeth offered, taking out her phone and typing in, STAY HERE WITH ME AND SEND IN A NOTE TOMORROW SAYING YOU WERE SICK! His phone dinged and he took it out of his pocket, reading her text message and smirking. "You know what, I think I will. Gabe'll sign anything as long as he's drunk." "Woo!" Annabeth pumped her fist in the air. "Okay, first things first, change into your pajamas and meet me in my room!" When he came in a few minutes later wearing flannel pajamas and a Finding Nemo shirt, she had to laugh. "Love your shirt!" "Be quiet, Owl Head," Percy grumbled. Glancing down, Annabeth noticed that yes indeed, she had a giant owl on the front of her pajama shirt, but he had insulted her so she had to insult him back. That was the rule of the universe. "Oh yeah...Seaweed Brain?" She grinned; oh, that was a good one. Surprise crossed his face and he looked down, seeing a bunch of seaweed floating around behind smiling Nemo, panicking Marlin, and just-sort-of-staring-off-into-space Dory. "Seaweed Brain?" he echoed. "Yeah, because there's seaweed in that picture and Seaweed Shirt isn't much of an insult, is it?" Annabeth snorted. "Anyways, I say we slide down the banister for the staircase, because doing that is just freaking AWESOME!" She raced out of her room and jumped onto the banister, her fluffy pajama pants letting her slide right down to the bottom, where she landed on her feet. Practice makes perfect, and she'd practiced that a lot. "Come on!" Grinning, Percy took a runnnig start and leaped onto the banister, his socks sliding against the wood, which, thankfully, was thick and wide. At the ending part, where there was a little sort of spiral thing, he let himself fall and landed half on his feet, stumbling into the wall. Exhilaration gleamed in his eyes. "I HAVE TO DO THAT AGAIN!" They threw themselves up the stairs and went again. This time, Annabeth copied what Percy had done and surfed down, feeling the wind twirl her hair around. A laugh burst out of her chest and she wasn't paying attention when the end came. She flew off the end and a scream replaced the laugh, but then she fell into a pair of arms that grunted and staggered into the wall. "Percy!" Oh my gods, he'd caught her. That was awesome. "Catch me again!" she ordered, hurrying back up the stairs. Percy sighed. "Hey, can't you catch me?" "No, Prince Charming does all the catching in Disney!" Annabeth argued, jumping onto the banister. "And you love Disney, right? They made Finding Nemo and The Little Mermaid and all those other cheesy things about romance and stuff!" "Finding Nero is not about 'romance and stuff!'" Percy protested. "It's about the love between a father and son and how the father would do anything to get his son back! I hate - aah!" Annabeth soared into his open arms and they both fell, Annabeth's arm somehow cushioning Percy's head but still getting a pretty big hit. "Ow!" Annabeth held back a curse she'd learned