CAST Eva Green as Lyra Verisiel Drakonia Christian Coulson as Tom Marvolo Riddle Kreshnik Xhelilaj as Antonin Dolohov Til Schweiger as Gellert Grindelwald Jessie Campbell-Bower as Aramis Laranlors Drakonia Alessia Cara as Rhianne Lucretia Castello Ciara Wilson as Honoura Onwuatuegwu Godfrey Gao as Kim Dae-seong Nicole Kidman as Adréanne Lorelei Drakonia 1943, June the Thirteenth, 21:47:32 || Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Mount Greylock, Massachusetts, USA Dusk was setting in as the girl limped across the battlefield, the scent of blood and wet dirt and death clogging her nostrils. The proud castle she'd once called home was littered with rubble, smoke rising in several places from the ravaged stone. The marble statue of Isolt Sayre that stood in the courtyard was covered in grime, and the snakewood tree that graced the west side of the battlements had shriveled. She could see the campfires of Grindelwald's followers glinting in the distance and hear their drunken revels as they boasted of their exploits. The bodies of the fallen littered the ground, torn blue and cranberry robes lying across mangled corpses, black cloaks with the sign of the Deathly Hallows covering the faces of the enemy. She stumbled and the world spun, and she fell until something hard and scaly pushed itself against her back and righted her again. She turned and her pale blue-green eyes stared into large, matching ones. Valkyr, she called to her dragon, where are the other students? The black dragon straightened, scales glinting slightly with a royal purple in the setting sun. He sniffed, peering into the nearing darkness. The keep, he growled in her head , where the wounded are being tended to and the well are resting . The pukwudgies are collecting the dead and bringing them there as well. The girl nodded. She raised her right hand and muttered under her breath, "Aletmes, fagrlissi'mri." Come, my fangs. Several silver blades embedded in bodies of the fallen rose into the air and raced toward her. She snatched them quickly, scanning the blades as she collected them in her hands. Then she methodically sheathed them: one serrated blade tucked in her left boot, a throwing knife on each of her thighs, and an assortment of small daggers into her torn and bloodied robes. The last two weapons she held—twin dirks, each reaching from her elbow to her palm, one forked, one smooth—she examined carefully for damage, confirming that the runes etched onto their surfaces were unmarred. While she was thus preoccupied, Valkyr scrutinized his rider for injury. A darkening bruise graced her left temple, and blood flowed from a small but deep cut on her cheek. He could see where several curses had hit her: a deep cut coiled around her right calf, the rope-like spell having cut through her leather boot; a relatively shallow gash that ran across her stomach, courtesy of a Diffindo ; rope burns that he could see at her wrists but that he knew extended over her entire body, the result of an overzealous Incarcerous . She turned to him, strapping the forked dirk to her right thigh, the smooth to her left, and intending to climb into the saddle strapped between his shoulder blades. He backed away. Lyra, he grimaced, heal yourself. The girl fixed him with a pointed stare, her right eyebrow quirked. She reached for the saddle again. I won't fly us to the keep until you do, he continued. Lyra sighed, unfastening her horned serpent brooch from her cloak. She pricked her right pointer finger, replacing the needle and murmuring, " iratze" as she painted a rune onto her open left palm. As her blood dried, the rune briefly glowed aqua, then gold before disappearing completely. The prickling sensation of her flesh knitting back together coursed along her wounds, and Lyra sighed, thankful that she had used a rune instead of the Vulnera Sanentur spell. Only by using faerzress (which was more commonly known by Maj-folk as Dark Magic) or ancient magic could one undo the effects of dark curses. Faerzress could completely undo the effects the curses, but she would need specific incantations for each curse, or else the consequences would be disastrous. Lyra didn't really know what she'd been hit with—she'd fought off so many spells—but thankfully, ancient runic healing worked indiscriminately, though she would be left with slight silvery scars. No matter , thought Lyra, pursing her lips into a wry smile. I have a penchant for collecting scars, anyway. She hoisted herself up into the black leather saddle, and Valkyr rose into the air, darkness billowing from his wings. They soared toward the eastern entrance of the upper keep, where the dragon stables opened with an archway shaped like the rising sun. A shimmering golden curtain greeted them, and Valkyr fired at it, deep purple flames swirling as the curtain accepted his unique fireprint and let the two of them in. A large circular chamber greeted them, opening out to several luxurious stalls. Torches burning brightly with eternal Grecian fire lit the space, glinting off the gold inlaid alabaster. The floor was made from solid crystal quarried from the foundations of the school and carved on the underside with many facets, distributing the light from the stables into the space below. A pool of aqua vitae lay in the middle of the floor, a golden, living replica of the snakewood tree growing from its depths. Off to the side, a wide staircase led to the lower keep, where Lyra supposed the other students had set up base for the night. Upon her entrance, Lyra noticed that four dragon riders were conversing anxiously, their dragons resting off to the side. Lyra dismounted and was immediately greeted by a cry of her own name. Turning to face the person, she got a brief glimpse of black, unruly curls jouncing around in midair before a smaller body tackled her. A sharp Oomph! escaped her before she regained her balance. Three more bodies swarmed her, enveloping her in a tight embrace. "Can't breathe...air...becoming...problem," she managed to choke out. The bodies withdrew slightly, and their faces—the faces of Ilvermorny's only other dragon riders—swam into focus, greeting her with worried frowns creasing their brows and relief shining in their eyes. In her periphery, she could see the other dragons greet Valkyr. "Where were you? DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW WORRIED WE WERE ?!" shrieked the short, curly-haired witch who had tackled her, slight accent hinting of Italian. "Rhianne, I appreciate your concern, but as you very well can see, I'm fine . I merely stopped to collect my knives. Enough about me now; how fare the wounded?" "Ahh," said the tall, slender boy next to Rhianne, draping his arm over her shoulders and pulling her flush against him, "Moans and groans—y'know, the usual theatrics—but those made it out alive are patched up and doing well. All thanks, of course, to our resident Pukwudgie healer," he ruffled Rhianne's hair. Rhianne crinkled her brow up at him (no easy task as he loomed over her by more than a foot), and attempted to pat her hair down. "Did I ever mention how talented you are, Rhi? I mean, the way you fixed up that chap—" "Yes, yes, I know," Rhianne snapped impatiently. "Thank you, but honestly Aramis, flattery will get you nowhere and we both know your half-Veela charm doesn't work when you're covered in blood and guts!" Dae-seong, who somehow managed to dwarf them all, even Aramis, rolled his eyes and slapped Aramis upside the head. "Ow!" Aramis pouted, and they all chuckled at his antics, Lyra merely shaking her head at his immaturity. "Lyra, Aramis," drawled Honoura, "ya dahlings shore yo's rela'ed?" Why, she just keeps getting better at faking a Southern accent, snorted Valkyr. So true, grinned Lyra. She shot a sneer at Aramis, who promptly returned it. "You see, dahling—" Aramis began. "—I understand your incredulousness—" cut in Lyra. "—'cause sis here has this muddy, ugly dark hair that is so unlike anyone else's in the family since many great-grandmothers ago—" " —and my brother has such a fair, effeminate complexion from his Veela father—" "—and sis is really a bit of a prude , so priggish and high-strung all the time—" "—well, excuse you for being so vapid and ostentatious whenever you see anything in a skirt or slacks—" "—and though unlikely as it may seem, we are from the same womb—" "—so unfortunately , we're stuck together as sister and brother—" "—but only by halves!" " We know!" the other three exclaimed. An amused cough echoed through the space. The five of them turned and saw a slim figure emerge from the shadows of the staircase. "Elder," they murmured as he embraced them "We have agreed to surrender in the morning," he said. "Grindelwald will know by now about the dragon riders, and will target the five of you. Lyra in particular, now that he finally knows where you are," he looked pointedly at her as the other four riders awkwardly diverted their attention, not wishing to breach the subject and incur her wrath as her pale eyes darkened and glinted dangerously. "I deem it wise for you to part ways and continue your studies at other schools around the world, and have made the necessary preparations for your departures in the morning." the elder continued. "I suggest you carry your wands, as you did today during the battle; though I know you will not need them, they help keep appearances." Lyra gritted her teeth. "Mine was destroyed." The elder nodded, then abruptly changed topic. "These are portal globes," he said, producing five fist-sized glass orbs from his robes and handing one to each of them, "designed to take you and your dragon anywhere in the world. They bypass all wards and concealment charms, with the exception of the Fidelius ." The elder paused slightly, ensuring that he had their undivided attention. "To ensure that only you and your dragon can use the globe in your hand, you must speak both of your full names and some details of your lives. I think your Sortings will satisfy the globe, and your dragons' race will do as well." Dae-seong cleared his throat, shot them all a raised eyebrow, and stared into the orb. "My name is Kim Dae-seong, chosen by Thunderbird, house of adventurers, and Wampus, house of warriors; I reside in Thunderbird. My dragon is Sakura, a female River dragon." The grey mist swirling in the orb promptly turned an opaline white sheen, light pink clouds drifting across its surface. Sakura dipped her mother-of-pearl head, scales tinged with cherry blossom pink, and brushed the orb with her snout. "Rhianne Lucretia Castello, chosen by Pukwudgie, house of healers. Kiiran is my male Faerin dragon." The mist in the orb glowed a rich forest green, glinting with bronze in the light. Tilting his head curiously, the green dragon observed the orb, emerald eyes gleaming and dragonfly wings buzzing. "They call me Honoura Onwuatuegwu, chosen by Wampus, house of warriors, Pukwudgie, house of healers, and Horned Serpent, house of scholars; I belong in Wampus. My female Archaeryx dragon is Gyrlass." Gyrlass left off preening her feathers to watch as the mist in the orb first flashed crimson, the color of Wampus house, then yellow, green, and blue to match her plumage.' "I am named Aramis Laranlors Drakonia, chosen by Thunderbird, house of adventurers, and Horned Serpent, house of scholars; I live in Thunderbird. My male dragon is Elladyr, a Brightscale." Elladyr, in all aspects like his rider, lounged on the floor, muscles rolling under his skin and creating the impression of liquid silver as he feigned nonchalance towards the now cerulean blue orb. "I am Lyra Verisiel Drakonia, chosen by all four houses; I joined Horned Serpent. Valkyr is a male of the Nightwing species." Lyra smiled as she felt Valkyr nudge her in the back. Both of them stared at the orb, the mist inside a