So all stuff goes to Rick Riordan. So, um, this is kind of me just really wanting Reyna to have someobody in her life like Percy and ANnabeth, Jason and Piper, and whatnot, and btw, I don't really follow ships. I know there's like some like Reyna and Nico, but this is kind of like my little idea. Like it or not it's whatevs. Just my mind being like, dude, this can work for me. Of course it's alternate universe, and and there's supernatural things going on, cause that's what I like to write about. The pairing may be odd for you guys, but it's my idea, so it doesn't have to be yours. Btw this is girlxgirl, because I haven't done one like this in awhile. The last thing I did was a flop :P so yeah. Um...leave a comment or something, but no hate. Also, I'm not an english major or anything, and I'm not a great writer either, so just bear with it and all my grammatical errors :) Thanks guys! Rachel's POV: "Bye, mom," I say, getting out of the car, waving to her as she drives away. She blows me a kiss and then she's off in that death trap of a car. But, really not much that can be done about that stupid thing at the moment. Currently, I'm broke, and she's broke. We're all just broke. It's kind of ironic to me, how I go to the most prestigious high school in the country, and I couldn't ever afford to go here. Scholarships man; thank the lord! I walk up to the entrance of the building and grab a schedule. This place is really damn fancy. The floors are oak, the lockers look like they're made of steel, and everything is so expensive looking I'm afraid to touch it. The locks on the lockers have key pads! Like, what? I look at the other people who are messing around in the halls before the first class. They give me a cursory glance before deciding I'm not worth their time, and that's kinda how I like it. I mean, they have vineyard vine, and I have jeans and shirts from thrift shops. They're like Hollister and whatnot, and I'm pretty sure the shirt I'm wearing is from the Salvation Army. But who cares, I'm just a nobody anyway! Wow, ok that was low, even for me. I'm sure I can meet at least one person who I may or may not talk to. I look at the lockers to see my wavy red hair and glasses that are perched on my face. There's a piece of tape between, on the arch where it rests on my nose. Somebody at my old school decided it was funny to snap them in half right before a test. I still aced it, but it was difficult, and scotch tape seemed like the best quick fix. I huff out as I wander the halls aimlessly trying to find the office. I turn a corner, and low and behold, the office. The sign is even fancy for it too. I quickly scoot through a crowd of people who are chatting about some sort of gossip, ugh not interested. "Um excuse me," I say to the lady behind the desk. she looks up and gives a warm smile. Nice to know some people are nice here. "Yes dear, what can I do for you?" she asks. "Um...I'm the new transfer student, Rachel Dare..." I tell her. Her face shows recognition, and she quickly dives beneath her desk before pulling out a folder with my name on it. "Here sweetie. You have your schedule, locker number, and your books should already be in the locker," she says. I nod and smile. "Thanks," I tell her. "Remember, don't let anybody see the code," she says as I walk out the door. I smile and nod my head back before making my way to my locker, located...ah there. I spot it, and it's just like all the rest. It's stainless steel with a key pad on it. I quickly glance at my code, punching in the numbers before anybody can see, though I don't think anybody sees me at all. I push my glasses up once more and shove my papers in, except for the one with the code. I need that, cause I know I'll forget or something silly. I grab out what I need for first and second periods, which are higher level English and Sciences. I start walking between people, accidentally stumbling over a person, who told me to watch it, after scuffing his sperries or something. What a lousy group of people. I wander around for what seems like ages, when I spot somebody who looks like they're semi approachable. I look at the varsity Letterman jacket that they have on. The school colors are royal blue and white. The jacket looks good on him. I approach the guy and tap lightly on their shoulder. Oh jeez I did not know they were that tall. What surprises me more is that I thought it was a guy! No, she's definitely a girl, and fucking hot! Oh God...shut it brain! She has dark, nearly black hair, high cheek bones, tan skin, and a very athletic body, but she could still probably model. I look like a peasant compared to her, basically. "Uh...can I help you...?" she asks, shocking me out of my daze. Oh crap I was totally staring at her! "Y-yeah...u-um do you know w-where uh English higher level is?" I ask her. She looks at my sheet and smiles before handing it back to me. "Yeah, I do, it's down that hall," she points to her right, "and then it's the furthest door on the left," she says. Wow her voice is like silk, and those eyes. They captivate me...uh...shit. Move on Rachel, don't embarrass yourself anymore! I quickly thank her and hustle towards English. I just made a complete fool of myself and it's not even first period yet. Awesome! I lay my head on the desk, and then the bell rings, as people file into class. I hear bang on my desk and I look up to see a buy, with flaming blonde hair, blue eyes, and a rather lanky figure. "C-can I h-help you?" I ask him. "You're in my seat," he says in a sort of annoying voice. He sounds like a know-it-all. I get up and he grunts under his breath, muttering something about new students. Yeah, he's a jerk. I go to find another seat, when I feel a foot trip me, and then next thing I know I'm falling face first into somebody. I expect them to topple over as well yet they don't, but my glasses are pushed half-way up my forehead and I feel a pair of rather strong arms around me that makes me all tingly inside. I look at the familiar blue of the jacket, and then up to the person's face. "Well, if we didn't get to introduce ourselves earlier, we do now," she says chuckling. I'm still trapped her arms, but I quickly escape, brushing myself off, saying a quick sorry and gathering my books. I reach over to get the last one, but I'm beat to it when I see the book being handed to me, and I'm staring back the obsidian eyes that capture me. I don't even register what she's saying because I'm just staring at her eyes. "S-sorry, w-what did you s-say?" I ask her. She chuckles. "I'm Reyna, Reyna Ramirez," she says. She holds out her hand, and I shake it, hesitantly. "And you are?" she asks raising her eyebrows. "Nobody important," scoffs the blonde boy who I'm assuming tripped me by the smug look on his face. "Octavian, I think you should apologize," she says. What? What the hell is asking gonna do? I look at her again, and her gaze is like lasers, glaring at Octavian. She kinda looks like a wolf, with those eyes penetrating into his like soul. He pales, and quickly mutters an apology, then ignores me and Reyna. "Here's your book back," she says, giving me back my textbook. "Thanks," I mumble. I get up and try to walk, but she stops me by getting in front. I look up a bit, because she is a little taller than me. She's like a solid couple of inches taller, probably more, yeah a lot more. "What's your name?" she asks. "Oh, R-Rachel Dare" I say, tucking a piece of stray hair behind my ear before scooting past her. I'm lucky I did, because by then, several jocks flooded over to her, giving her pats on the back, and she was quickly sucked into the rather intense conversation about football. I decided to read, and took out my book, about Art, in the 1960s. It was a rather revolutionary time for art, and this book is really interesting. About halfway through I page, I look up, feeling like I'm being watched. I scan the room, seeing the students, then the group of jocks and populars conversing, but my eyes fall on a specific pair, who look back intensely. I feel my cheeks heat up and she smirks in return, sending me a wink that has my stomach doing flips. It's the first day! You can't already have a crush yet! No, it's just like the last school. I transferred because of bullying, and it started with a crush, on a girl. I admitted my feelings, she blabbed to the entire school, and from then on everything got bad, from notes in lockers, to being shoved into them, to physical things...I still have a good bruise in the stomach. We transferred as soon as possible, and when my test scores came back with flying colors, I was immediately enrolled here. I smile at the fact that I'm away from them. But I frown at the memories. They were cruel, and it hurt, a lot. Sometimes it was too much. Sometimes I didn't want to go on. But, I got help, and it became a little more bearable. But things got a lot better when I found out I was accepted here, and the principal even gave his regrets and apologies, and to give me something for all the years of torment, recommended me for all higher level. It's pretty cool, I have to say. Just then, the teacher comes in. I glance at the clock, noticing he's five minutes late, and looks rather hung over. He's wearing a purple Hawaiian button up shirt, and shorts. Odd, but whatever. He puts his briefcase on the desk and takes out a few papers, before looking around the room. His eyes fall on me, and he get s a creepy smile on his face. "Class, we have a new student. I want you to make her feel welcome, and I would like her to introduce herself, please," he gestures towards me, though I just want to sink down in my chair. It's kinda bad transferring about a month or two into the school year. Reluctantly, I stand up and walk to the front shaking a little with each step. "U-um h-hi...my name's Rachel Dare. I uh, j-just transferred h-here, and I really hope to have a g-great year," I say stuttering. I hear some wolf whistles and some come on sit over heres, and it honestly makes me sick that I'd want to do anything with those people. It's kind of obnoxious, really. I head back over to my seat, and feel like I'm being stared at once again. I take a chance, and look to see Reyna, looking at me once more with a slight smirk. I blush and hide under my hair. This going to be such a long year. XXXXX Finally, lunch time rolls around, and I'm rather eager to find the library in this place. The