FAN FICTION AU AND TIME TRAVEL Flipped Summary Female Harry Potter (Juniper) wins the war but the cost is too much so she performs a ritual and performs dimension/time travel after much research when she is 24. Her counterpart is Cordelia Faye Black, the daughter of Altair Black and Adelaide Malfoy. Has memories of both the worlds. Lives in France. When Juniper (Harry) seeps into consciousness, she is 14. Born on Beltane. Thus even though she is a girl, she has a high standing among the Blacks. Has gone to Beauxabatons for her first three years. Born on May 1, 1927. Start school in 1938. Goes to Hogwarts in 1942. Meets Tom Riddle. (Romance and power play) Disclaimer: The characters and the world in the story belong to J.K. Rowling. I am not earning any profit from it. Note: I have been a fanfiction reader for quite a lot of years before I gave this fic a shot, so if you see any ideas seeping in from other fic writers that I do not openly acknowledge, just let me know and I will add the credits. I have read too many to keep a track of them but I will try my best. 1) The idea of totems belongs to Catsarecool who is writing A Maurader's plan . 2) The basic idea of dimension travel comes from Hollow Thunder, Vital Lightning by Aariya07. You will see quite a few similarities in the first couple of chapters but it diverges after that. 3) Harry was born a girl as Juniper Anastasia Potter. Everything is as it is in canon except for her romances. This is not because I don't read slash or like it. You will see a lot of them in my favorites but because I don't think that I could do justice to that genre and because I want to do this. If you do not like such fics, do not read. Please do not flame. I will welcome criticisms, I know I am not perfect, just don't meaninglessly bash me for nothing. 4) I know Rowling has given a different Black family tree and lineage for Harry Potter in canon but I am using it to my convenience. For your references "Talk" " Thought" " Parseltongue " Prologue Cordelia's POV She opened her eyes, batted her eyelashes and closed them again. She felt the silk sheets beneath her in her hands and felt a soft mattress underneath. Her eyes snapped open again. Her vision was perfect, she did not require glasses. She glanced down at herself, she was clad in silk pajamas. She carefully got up. The room was humongous, twice as large as the dormitory in Gryffindor and she was sitting on a Queen sized bed. It was a beautiful room, done in purple, cream and black. One wall of the room was a complete bookshelf and the one opposite to it had two doors. She checked them out. There was a huge bathroom through one, eerily reminding her of the Prefect's bath and the second door led into a walk in closet. At the head of her bed was a large window, she opened it and found a picturesque view of mountains and by the side, there was a door that led to a balcony. She turned around and noticed the black couches around the bookshelves which surrounded a hearth. The last remaining cinders of the wood were still burning orange in the hearth. " Cordelia Faye Black" she tested her name on her tongue. She was the daughter of Altair Black and Adelaide Black nee Malfoy. Their images came to her mind. Random facts assaulted her and she picked and chose the ones she needed to know immediately. She was currently in France in the Black Chateau. Her father was a ward master who came to France to apprentice under one and fell in love with her mother and stayed on in France after the completion of the mastery. She attended Beauxabatons because her mother wanted her too and she had turned 14 about 3 months ago. All her possessions as Juniper had been added to the life of the counterpart, including the invisibility cloak and all the books and clothes. She cracked a smile, the beauty of parselmagic. She entered the bathroom and her eyes fell on the 'floor to ceiling' mirror. She was way taller than June had been when she was 14. She had ivory skin, red lips and long, silky and wavy Black hair that went past her waist. She looked pretty much the same but somehow more delicate, refined, aristocratic. She looked taken care of. She looked more similar to her 24 year old self, albeit a lot younger. The Black features were very prominent except for her glowing green eyes. She kept taking notes of the facts that came to the front of her mind and decided to take a quick bath. She dressed herself in a plain silk robe as she was ruminating on her family. She stepped out in the room to approach the hearth when the door to her chambers swung open slowly. "Corrie dear, how are you feeling? Are you still sick?" Adelaide Black's soft voice asked. 'Corrie' was overwhelmed with the rush of love she felt for the women in front of her, her mother in this dimension. " Sick! Of course, this body must have also felt the lash of the pain that the ritual promised." Cordelia quickly thought though her face betrayed nothing. "I am absolutely fine now, mother." Her voice sounding too soft. She realized a moment later that she sounded like Adelaide Malfoy, her mother. She obviously had traits from both her parents of this dimension. It just must be one of that. Her mother looked doubtful. She almost gilded over to him. He walk was very graceful. Cordelia found herself pinned with a gaze over her visage. Adelaide gently touched Cordelia's forehead and Cordelia basked in the warmth that her hand offered. An overwhelming wave of affection towards the woman assaulted her again. No, she was not just a woman but her mother. She quickly reminded herself. "Your fever seems to have come down, but come along. Healer De Blanc must be on his way." Her mother tugged on her hand and pulled her along to wherever she was taking her. The two of them walked along a lavish corridor. " Healer De Blanc, their family healer." He seemed to dote on her. In fact, everybody dotted on her. This felt serene. She couldn't help but smile blissfully. She found herself in the family parlor. It was ostentatious but still homey. She turned to her mother after feeling a bit guilty for worrying her, "I am okay, mother. It does not hurt anymore and there is no need to pull Healer De Blanc from his work ..." But she was cut off very adamantly, "Nonsense, I will have nothing befall my precious daughter." Suddenly, the fireplace flared green and a tall man stepped out of it. He had brown hair which were graying here and there and he had a small smirk tugging at his lips. Cordelia did not even bat an eyelash at the familiar expression. All purebloods had their own versions of the smirk or a smug smile. " You gave your mother quite a bit of scare, Cordelia. And dare I say, it worried me and Antony as well." He spoke in a different language. Corrie realized that it was French and that she understood it perfectly. "I do not see the reason to worry, Healer De Blanc. I feel normal. The pain was fleeting at the most." She replied back in French. Her counterpart was quiet but naturally charismatic and charming. "I will be the judge of that. May I, Madame Black?" He gave an inquiring look to her mother. She nodded. He gestured for Cordelia to sit on the squishy armchair. He cast many diagnostic charms and refrained from touching her too much. "Nothing seems to be remiss. Everything is as it is supposed to be. This is a bit unnerving but I cannot pinpoint the cause of the pain." He looked worried, then he looked directly at her in the eyes, "Cordelia, I cannot emphasize the importance of you immediately letting me know if such an incident of pain occurs. I will research but since we do not know the cause, it is better to be very alert and prompt rather than having to regret it later. I know you have a habit of downplaying things by thinking that you are being bothersome but this is not to be taken lightly." "I will, Healer De Blanc." She gave him a small assuring smile. Her soft voice tinkling. "Rest assured, I will make sure that she does." Her mother looked worried. "Mother, I am perfectly fine. Healer De Blanc has a habit of sounding ominous. That is not to say that I would not be cautious, but Healer De Blanc, you best reassure my mother of my sound health, lest she worries herself more than is necessary." She quietly requested to the Healer in her soft, musical voice. Healer De Blanc and her mother both chuckled at the layered demand in her request. "Miss Black, as she put forth, is perfectly fine. I merely advised to be alert so as to be cautious. I do not see any cause of worry." The Healer finally gave his acquiescence. He left through the fireplace. "Get Ready Darling, remember we are heading to London! Your father and I will be waiting in the dining hall." Her mother beamed. "Yes mother. I remember, how could I forget that Cousin Lucretia is coming of age?" Cordelia beamed back. The answer coming to her. She trailed off to her room, remembering the way from her counterpart's memories. She realized that the year was 1942 and that Voldemort was still Tom Riddle and attending Hogwarts and would start his 4th year. That was good, that was what she had intended. But she was attending Beauxabatons . That would not do now, especially since she had seeped in the body. She needed to convince her parents of this dimension to let her attend Hogwarts. Her father would not oppose it. He had always wanted her to attend that school. Her mother spoiled her rotten. She felt a bit bad but decided to cash on that. She would not be denied attending Hogwarts. She realized with a start that the time was not kind to women in general but even then everybody loved and adored her. She was given much leeway because she was a powerful child who was born on Beltane with magical reserves double the size of most wizards in their prime and they had only grown since. She had been blessed with the tongue of serpents in her first year as a baby. Cordelia was glad, she would have missed parseltongue. She was also very adept at family magic. That was new, not something that was a part of the dimension that she came from. The old families had totems, seemed to be made of molten metals but were actually pure magic and they were partial to her presence. If her counterpart's memories were anything to go by, she would witness the Black totem tonight. Nonetheless, she was adored for her ethereal looks and perfect and advanced magical prowess. She had already read and practiced the school curriculum up to the NEWTs. Her father had even started teaching her a bit of warding which she had picked easily considering her talent in runes and Arithmancy. On top of it, she knew everything that she had learned as Juniper Potter. She may very well ace the school. She decided to arrange the memories after the visit to London. It was a good thing that Potter had mastered the art of Occulumency post war to deal with the nightmares and that Cordelia