A Long Author's Note (story beneath the line): This is part of the backstory for the version of Legolas and his family who appear in my work. It is a might darker than what I usually write and arguably controversial, as it deals with themes of traumatic grief, attachment, violence, and negotiating forgiveness (or not), largely inspired by my profession. This story also forced me to solidify birth dates, ME histories, and family relationships that I was not willing to confront before. I have taken a popular interpretation of the wildness and volatility of Wood-elves (an interpretation that I share, from the oft cited "more dangerous, less wise" passage) and—given the tumultuous history of elves in Middle-earth—made it more sinister. It could be canon, but it toes the line of AU, because it is fanfiction, after all. This has become a bit…Shakespearean in its angst. This story is told in four to five parts, and there will be approximately 20 chapters. Notes for story context: 1) In this story, Thranduil's absent and nameless Queen is not absent and she has a name. Gwaerain is Silvan, and she and Thranduil married in Third Age 195. 2) There are four children in the family. Lumornon, the eldest male, was born in TA253; Felavel, the eldest female, was born in TA484. There is an arguably unusual gap between siblings here. Legolas was born in TA1744, and his youngest sister, Piniriel, in TA1869. For this story, I follow the "come of age at 50," "mature around 100" guideline for elves, based in LACE. Thus, Legolas is quite young in this story, approximately 128 years old; his younger sister is three—a very new addition to Mirkwood. 3) I took the vaguely mentioned concept of 'mother names' in Tolkien's unfinished—and fan-controversial—essay "Laws & Customs Among the Eldar" and ran with it, twisting it a little bit to make the idea more "Wood-elf." There is a pet name throughout this story that becomes important, hinging on a concept in Elvish grammar. Emlin/Emelin is a Sindarin word for a small yellow passerine bird, colloquially called a yellowhammer (for those of us unfamiliar with these birds, they look very similar to goldfinches). A diminutive form of the word might be emlineg , translating roughly to my little bird. The important thing about this endearment is that while it denotes affection, it does not imply possession, such as i emelin nîn does, for example. 4) Ithildim and Saida are age-mates to Legolas in this story; they grew up, learned, and trained together. 5) To help situate Middle-earth historical context for this story, the Éothéod (ancestors of the Rohirrim) have just settled the vales of the Anduin in about TA1850. Rhovanion and Gondor have been and continue to experience an assault by the Wainriders, a subset of the "Easterlings." Dol Goldur—previously Amon Lanc—grew dark around TA1050, but Sauron would not be driven out by Gandalf until approximately TA2063 (about 190 years after this story). All in all, it is a little dark in Mirkwood… ENOUGH: SO BEAUTIFUL THE LUNGS ARE BREATHLESS So beautiful the lungs are breathless. The hand remembers; I was a wing. Blue. The peaks in ruddy gold. ... Young day, young times, young world. Birds listen, intently silent. ... —excerpt from "Songs of a Wanderer" by Alexsander Wat (Polish poet, 1900-1967) Part One: The Hand Remembers Chapter One (A Prologue) Third Age of the Sun, 1872 – Northern Mirkwood There are moments in one's life from which it is impossible to recover, Ithildim thought, watching his friend from where he stood—something horrible had happened. Legolas touched his forehead in confusion. He swayed for a moment and then stumbled forward into Saida's arms, as if fainting. She lowered him to the ground and he settled there, knees crossed like a diamond in front of him, hands clasped in his lap and head bowed. Ithildim's company had been stopped in the middle of the Elf Path, and Ithildim was reviewing a chart from the Western patrol with a soldier when he heard the approaching thrum of a messenger's horse. When he looked up, their childhood friend Saida—now a trainer for their youngest recruits—leapt from her horse and bowed her head. "Legolas!" she had called softly, with urgency. "I have been looking for your company for days." And then she had taken his shoulders in hand and tucked hair behind his ear, leaned in and whispered, and Legolas had fallen to the ground, where he was now. Ithildim pushed the chart into Elednil's chest and walked to Legolas and Saida; he crouched at his friends' side as Legolas stared blankly at the dirt in front of him. He looked at Saida. "What news have you brought him?" "Lieutenant Felavel has been killed. The Halls are in chaos. Prince Lumornon bade me find your party before the King or Queen make a rash decision, and Captain Lostariel said she sent you all west to scout, but the Western Patrol knew not of your whereabouts, and I could not find you until now! I have wasted such time!" Ithildim placed a hand on her cheek and Saida stopped her frantic report. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, and when she opened them again she was calm. "It is well, Saida," said Ithildim gently. "You are here now, and we are here with Legolas. You have the only horse. Take him with you back to the Halls." "No," Legolas said, and his friends were startled. "We will take our company back to Captain Lostariel first, and then I would travel back with the both of you, by foot if we must. They will have had rights for my sister by now; there is no need to hurry." Ithildim caught Saida's eyes, and she spoke quietly. "Legolas, there is rumor among the palace staff that Gwaerain will sail. Your brother fears she will take the baby. The Halls are full of grief." Legolas finally looked up and tilted his head to the side, as if considering. "If the Queen has chosen to leave," he said slowly, "then she will do so regardless of whether I am with my family in four days or fourteen. I see no reason to hurry." Ithildim stood. He was ranked higher in the King's Army than his friend, son of the Elvenking or not. "Elednil," Ithildim said, walking away from Legolas and Saida and toward their fellows. "You will lead our soldiers back to Captains Lostariel and Amonhir. Legolas and I return to the Halls with Saida." Elednil nodded and stood from where he had been drawing a diagram on the earth with a stick. "Something has happened," Elednil said, narrowing his eyes at Ithildim. Elednil was a new warrior, but he was the oldest in their company—born in the Emyn Duir before the Battle at Dagorlad—and he was more measured and perceptive than most of them. Ithildim nodded. "Lieutenant Felavel has been killed. Legolas must return to his family." "Ithildim," Legolas interrupted, standing and placing one hand on Saida's horse as if exhausted, "you are being ridiculous. My mother will not go to the Havens—she is Silvan! The sea does not hold sway over her heart." "The Sea holds sway over all of us, Legolas," Elednil said softly, "whether we know it or not, especially in these dark times." "No," Legolas protested, "we are children of the woods! She will stay; she would not take Piniriel. We will go back to Captain Lostariel with our company, Ithildim, as we should." Saida put a hand on Legolas' shoulder and Ithildim turned to Legolas. The elves behind them rolled up papers and tucked waybread in pockets, readjusting weapons. They avoided looking at their king's distressed son, ready to leave the path to find their captains. Ithildim took a breath and exhaled through his nose to steady his response. "I command our party, Legolas, when we are apart from our captains. And I say we will go with Saida to the Elvenking's Halls, and you will follow me because it is your duty, and because I am your friend, and I know better than you right now." "Captain Amonhir, too, insisted you were to return with me, Legolas," Saida said quietly, her voice almost a plea. "You have been commanded, by your superiors as well as your peers." "This is absurd," Legolas insisted. "There is no need to hurry. Felavel is dead. The worst has already happened. This could not be any worse to me. But I will not defy your orders, Ithildim, so let us leave." "We will make haste; Elednil can take the horse," said Saida. Ithildim issued a series of sharp commands and bade their party farewell, while Legolas stood silently by Saida, head bowed and arms limp at his sides. When Ithildim returned to them, he placed a hand on each of their shoulders as they began to walk the path. "My mother will not sail, Ithildim," Legolas said. "Legolas," Ithildim began, "your brother has known your mother much longer than you. If Lumornon fears something, we ought to fear it, too." "No," said Legolas. "I will not believe it." "Legolas—" "No! I will not! To believe it is to give up—it is to lose hope!" "Legolas, your sister has died; your mother has lost her eldest daughter—" "No! No," Legolas repeated. He shook his head from side to side as Ithildim had not seen him do in years, and he closed his eyes, pressed the heels of his hands into them. "She will stay with us in the woods, where we belong. She will stay here; she is Silvan, and her children are as good as. Felavel would not want her to go; to go is to give in to darkness; she will not go—she cannot." "Legolas—" "Let me believe that which I need to, Ithildim!" "I will let you lie to yourself if it is what helps us get you home." There was quiet then between the three friends as they continued in the deep gloam; eventually all three lit lights, and a while later they put them out and took to the trees, away from the threat of spiders and toward the lightness of the eastern wood, drawing ever closer to the Elvenking's Halls. Legolas, Ithildim, and Saida arrived home two days after departing their company. They flanked Legolas on either side, accepting condolences from their peers and elders for him, as they worked their way further into the hill, to the Elvenking's quarters. Ithildim and Saida presented Legolas to his parents and then bowed and ducked out of the room. Legolas could feel the ghost of Ithildim's warm hand on his wrist after they had left, and he raised his eyes to look at Thranduil and Gwaerain, but neither of them spoke. There was silence in the room for a long minute before Thranduil turned to him. "Felavel's ritual was two days ago; I am sorry you missed it." Legolas clasped his hands in front of him and dropped his eyes to the worn purple rug underfoot. "I am sorry also," he said. "Your mother will need to speak with you later," Thranduil said, crossing the room and placing a hand on Legolas' shoulder, looking down into his face and reaching out to wipe a stripe of dried mud off his cheek. "We are making a decision, but we did not want to do so before you returned." Legolas looked up at his father and he could not speak. His older brother Lumornon emerged from the sitting room to the left, carrying a cup of tea. "I thought I heard you, emlineg ," Lumornon said, walking to him quickly and touching Legolas' cheek. "You are not really considering allowing her to leave?" Legolas asked suddenly. The familiar feel of his brother's smooth hand on his cheek had grounded him, and he looked away sharply from his father toward Gwaerain, and the fear of it rushed into him. Neither Lumornon nor Thranduil