Disclaimer: Do not own. Author's note: This little piece was written for the April Teitho! prompt "Waiting," where it tied for first (and a well-timed placing- I desperately needed a writing pick-me-up!). Thank you to F infinfin1 for reading this for transitions and theme-I am ever grateful. Éowyn and Faramir's only known son is Elboron; his birth date is not given. The quote about the sky in single quotation marks is directly from The Two Towers . Dedication: This is for anyone who has ever had that very human experience of loving someone with a terminal illness, or has ever waited — for whatever reason — for death. For anyone who has ever had to live liminally, has had to find rhythm in the "new normal," in that unsurety, the seemingly endless in-between... Your anticipation, that limbo—your pain is real. Idiot Swallows and Impatient Dwarves Year 15, Fourth Age, Ithilien Every few years, Legolas flies from us like a swallow in winter, except his seasons are not measured in any form of time that I understand, and there is no knowing when he will come back—it is always a game of waiting. This time, he disappeared after we returned from Erebor, where he accompanied me as I mourned for my father. He stayed on briefly in Rohan—"settling me back in," he said—and then turned South to his home and his duty. But since then—two months ago now—his elves in the forest have not seen him; he does not answer letters nor show for trade meetings. Only Faramir and Éowyn have spoken with him, and he flits in and out of their home in Emyn Arnen like a shadow to consult on projects and tutor their son in Sindarin, as he promised Faramir he would many years ago. I have written to Éowyn, and she does not know where he comes from or where he goes to, only that he is not all there when he arrives; that Elboron asks him questions and Legolas does not seem to hear, that he sometimes stumbles from one language to another like Pippin telling tales after too long in his cups, and he does not seem to notice. So I am paying a visit to the Steward and his wife, and waiting here until Legolas shows up. He has been away too long, and I am still raw from losing my father and, for some reason, Legolas has always been one to make me worry. It has been four days since I arrived in Emyn Arnen, and the elf has not shown. He is supposed to teach Elboron on the third and sixth days of the week, Faramir says, but he is lately erratic. Somehow, I am not surprised. When he is like this, it is like trying to pin a cloud to a mountain, and he stares with blank eyes when you ask him the date. Legolas described to me once how elves know time. It is all about memory—all memories, all at once. Time is a river flowing to an inevitable end, but with an endless prism of thought cut through, split by the sun and roiled by the rapids, so the past is as clear and vibrant as the present. Sometimes, when I am with my friend, I blink, and Legolas is a hundred paces away, gone to chase some bird or 'see what the sky is doing.' But sometimes I blink, and, while he has not moved at all, his eyes are a hundred miles gone, and I cannot call him back, or he refuses to listen. Each moment is like a new thing to him, but in every moment he is also farther away from the present than I could ever be: Every time he sees a robin, it is like every robin he ever knew stretched out before him; every battle sees a hundred battles more flitting through his mind; every loss is like feeling every loss he has ever known over and over and over again, like it is happening for the very first time. How is it to know that, one day, you will look at every person you love and see not only their face in that moment, but also all the pain you have ever known with them? An elf must look at a mortal and ask himself each time: is this worth it? Legolas says we are worth it, and that he stays for us. But sometimes, I think, he forgets. Dear Legolas, É owyn says she saw you last week, so I know you have not sailed without telling. I am with É owyn and Faramir in Emyn Arnen. Come visit, my friend, or at least stay in one place long enough that I can find you. I am not above writing Aragorn, as you well know. Love, Gimli Elboron has obeisantly provided the parchment I requested after we shared porridge on my seventh morning here, and I now sit at the cleared table with the paper before me. I can feel the child hovering behind me near the washbasin, and when I turn to look he is scratching at sand embedded in the soap-caked sideboard. I turn back to the paper and tap my quill on the table. Dwarves, we are very patient, but we are not very good at waiting… To us, time is a solid thing, like good rock under our feet, something that we stand on and which keeps us marching forward, but it is not something that mires, or purposefully distracts. For elves, I have learned, it is not that way. I have been waiting rather a lot recently—for shipments, for the arrival of our next immigrants; for fall to finish, for Legolas to break this horrid silence. Waiting is like limbo, like not knowing when the storm will finally falter, or when the retreating enemy will turn again to attack—it is anticipation, and I cannot make myself think it is good. It is that time between 'not knowing' and the inevitable, and anything inevitable is seldom welcomed, like loss, or decay and death. I know this is what keeps Legolas from me. He fears so much to lose himself to the sea or to lose me to time, but every day he is silent he loses himself more to the woods—even when he does write, I can sometimes hardly understand him; his thoughts are like wind or a wild thing—and every day he spends away from his friends is a day we are older and closer to that inevitability. I understand his silence, theoretically. But, unlike him, I do not have time to wait forever, or to wait until I am brave enough to feel the pain. I am a dwarf, and if I want to live at all, I have to do it now—there is no waiting around for it. If I am going to die, I will bring it eagerly to me on my own terms, marching out on the strong stone and drawing strength from its age. Certainly, there are times we do not have a choice but to ignore the pain—one might ignore the bite of a blade in battle, for example, to make it to the end. But that delay in recognition may cost one's life regardless, if one slowly bleeds to death, still, due to well-meant neglect. Most times, therefore, pain is insistent, and demands to be readily felt. But perhaps I read my friend wrong—I have never known Legolas to be craven. But why else would he take to the woods? Lost in the trees and wrapped in their speech, as if deaf to the spoken tongue? Why even when we visited him by surprise were his eyes far away, and his hands fleeting and cold? Why did he joke less and sing more and not speak to me of his life and the world, if it is not fear of the pain of loss? And at getting too close, as if he could possibly know me more than he already does…? I would say he is turning into stone, but he is too insubstantial. He is like water that slips between the cracks in rocks, like mist on the river at twilight—he is the kiss of sunlight reflected on the lake, that with every stroke of the oar stays just too far ahead to be caught. He distances himself from us, lost to that song of the sea I cannot hear, and every day that I bite my tongue and wait out his silence, the more like a sprite he becomes—a whisper of the leaves, and the language of trees is a thing I have never hoped to understand. As long as one of his feet remains on the shore, though, I can reach him. As long as a single breath of him moves still with the steadiness of the earth, he is not lost to me. If he truly wants to stay in this world, I have not got time to wait for him to eventually find his way meandering back— Elboron is shuffling at my elbow and there is a clatter as he drops a spoon on the floor; he picks it up and pushes a mug of tea into my line of vision; a bit of water sloshes over its lip to soak rapidly across a corner of my page. "Thank you," I tell him. He nods and clambers into the chair beside me; pulling a piece of parchment and a charcoal stick toward him, he begins to draw. —I will write Legolas again, in our one common tongue, and hope that this time it is enough. Dearest Legolas, You are a fool. Come see me before I light the forest on fire to flush you out. Elboron complains that you are missing his lessons. I will not harass you when you arrive—I only wish to see you hale. It has been months. Concernedly, Gimli Legolas arrives five days after my last letter; he drops out of a tree by the window where Elboron is whittling a toy animal. He is green and brown and dirt, dust and blood and twigs, bright and sparkling eyes—his whole self vibrates with the song of the forest, and he stands at a distance; he tilts his head to watch us. A gust of wind sends maple-seed spinners down around him like a blessed rain, and when the tree quits its adoration, Legolas breaks his silence with a whirl of movement and crosses the space to us in a heartbeat—a brace of hares bounces against the back of his thighs as he walks. He drops his pack from his shoulders and pulls out a loaf of loosely-wrapped bread, untying the hares from his belt. By this time, Elboron has slipped his small knife back into its sheath and pocketed it, and he lets the unfinished toy fall to the windowsill with a soft clatter. Legolas holds out the food to him, and Elboron takes it. "For your parents," he says. "I missed you," Elboron replies. " Gohenon nin ." He fleetingly touches Elboron's shoulder and then pats him on the arm. "You are forgiven," and Elboron smiles. His raven hair falls out of its tie as he nods up at the elf with wide and youthful grey eyes—as full of fire and wisdom as one would expect in a child of his lineage—and I can see Legolas becoming distracted by his energy, so I push Elboron gently from the windowsill, into his house—I have waited for the elf long enough. Elboron pads away from us and calls over his shoulder as he scampers around the corner: "I will tell Mother that Legolas is finally here!" Legolas stares at the door through which Elboron has gone long after the child has disappeared. I reach up and tap him sharply on the cheek to give him warning. "Gimli!" he says, looking at me and smiling, as if just realizing I am