Author's Note: I'm on a bit of a writing kick recently. This is a lighthearted one-shot without plot, and with hopelessly selected geography, and with mortals who spend far too long in a body of water in late December (sorry about that detail). That being said, it is hopefully a fun and amusing glimpse into developing friendships among the Nine Walkers at the very beginning of their quest. Bookverse. Enjoy! Washing on the River 30 December, Third Age 3018 Near an unmarked tributary of the Loudwater, not yet to Hollin Aragorn shrugged his pack off his back and dropped it by the hobbits' pile of bedrolls before turning to Boromir and Gimli. "Would you like to join me in bathing before we settle in for the evening? Gandalf will stay with the hobbits, I am sure, and they may bathe tomorrow if they do not wish to do so in this cold," Aragorn said to his companions, who had followed close behind him as they returned from surveying the area. Gimli looked to Gandalf for confirmation of Aragorn's statement and the wizard nodded. He sat on a pack, hunched over in his great robes, as he knocked the bowl of his pipe on the hard ground at his feet to jar out any of his last smoke's reticent pipeweed. "Go," he said, "Pippin is well-occupied." And indeed, Pippin was pelting his cousin with wrinkled crabapples several yards away from where the three stood. Merry was trying to ignore him, so he lay back on the faded brown grass to watch the clouds scoot across the darkening sky. "Besides," Gandalf continued as he stuffed his pipe with weed, "I believe Legolas has already beat you to the river. I saw him pass in a hurry after his scout through the trees." Gimli grumbled. "He can't have done a thorough job if he returned from his task so quickly." "You forget he is an elf," said Gandalf, as if that were explanation enough. "We trust much in the eyes and ears of one elf, I think!" Gimli exclaimed to himself, but he hoisted his axe from his back and laid it too alongside Aragorn's pack. "Indeed," Aragorn said, sharing a conspiratorial smile with Gandalf. Gimli did not notice. Boromir, who had stood silently up to this point, unbuckled his own belt and sword and made lingering eye contact with Gandalf before he slipped off his heavy cloak and padded tunic and placed them at the wizard's feet. "Aye," Gandalf said with a laugh, surprising the man with his response to the unspoken request. "I will watch your weapons! Though who you think will be stealing them out here is beyond even my supposing." They were all tired, and Boromir had grown weary of his companions' teasing. "Let us go, then," Boromir said hastily, and he set off at a pace toward the wide river below their campsite. Aragorn and Gimli followed Boromir down the slope toward the water. Gimli grumbled when his heavy boot caught on the uneven terrain halfway down, and Aragorn caught him lightly by the elbow. "You are so fast one could even mistake you for our sneaky elf," Gimli whispered to him, but Aragorn laughed merrily for he knew Gimli said it from his own place of peculiar humor. The ground rolled from its descent back up for a few feet and the three lost for a moment the sight of the river. But once they had crested the elevation and were now only a few yards from the river's edge, they saw finally their elven companion, who until that point had been hidden by the hill's rolling terrain. Legolas sat half-naked on a stone that perched partway in and out of the water, near the shore but facing away from the hill, with his feet planted in the water in front of him. His bare back was bent and the material of his leggings somewhat damp. His companions could tell he had one elbow pressed into his knee from the way his bare back curved and his hands pulled at the hair on one side of his head. Surely, the elf had heard their approach, but even now he did not turn, waiting instead for the company to make their final descent to the water's edge. Aragorn laid his sword on the ground beside Legolas' weapons and shoes and neatly folded pile of tunic and outer garments, and Gimli pulled off his heavy tunic and belt and threw them noisily to the ground. "You are lucky we are not an enemy, Legolas," Gimli said, bending over to unbuckle his boots. He pulled out one foot with a satisfied sigh. "You do not move to see us." "I heard you a long time ago," Legolas said, laughing, and he turned now to face them and dropped his hands from his hair, which hung wet and limp and was bunched and knotted on one side. "I know your footsteps by now without needing to see your faces!" "And that is what we need your ears for!" said Aragorn. "Be glad it is so, Gimli, for you do not want to be on the wrong end of a Mirkwood archer's bow." "So I have heard," Gimli said crossly. Boromir pulled off his boots and slipped off his overshirt. He stood now only in his breeches and queried his companions tersely. "Well, are we bathing or am I the only one who plans to bare myself fully to the cold and the eyes of my fellows?" Aragorn pulled off the rest of his clothes and stepped into the water, and Boromir too finally stripped off his pants and folded them by the river, following his companion across the rocky riverbed. As the humans stepped in, Legolas stood from the rock on which he perched and jumped lightly out. He landed by the pile of weapons, and his neatly folded clothes, and by Gimli's more disorganized heap. "I will clean my boots first, I think," Gimli called to Aragorn and Boromir, and he sunk to the ground beside his things. He dug a handkerchief from a pocket and picked up his boots. "And I will wash my clothes, I think," said Legolas, bending over close to Gimli. His wet and tangled hair swung near Gimli's face. "You will catch your death in wet clothes out here," said Gimli. "You seem already a sack of bones. And what in the name of Mahal has happened to your hair? It looks like a bird's nest." "Aye, as does yours!" Legolas laughed. "No, I jest, Gimli; do not take offense. It is tree sap and I cannot get it out. I am not quite sure what I will do about it. Do you want oil for the leather of your boots?" Gimli looked up at the elf, who held now his folded clothes tightly to his slim chest and considered the dwarf expectantly. "Just cut it out," Gimli said. "The sap, I mean." Legolas raised an eyebrow at him but did not reply. "Fine then, have it your way. It is no concern of mine if you look ridiculous," Gimli said. "And no, I do not need oil for my boots. They just need to be clean enough; they do not need to look pretty, too." Legolas tilted his head to the side, unsure of whether he was being mocked. Eventually he shrugged. "It is good for keeping the water out, but have it your way, Master Dwarf!" he said. And then Legolas walked to the edge of the river and tossed his clothes in the shallows; he waded in after them. Boromir and Aragorn turned at the sound of the fabric hitting the shallow water, and Boromir stopped in cleaning his sore legs to raise an eyebrow at Aragorn. "I will admit that I do not know much of elves," he said quietly. "But are all so… Enthusiastic? I am not always sure of how to act with Legolas." Aragorn smiled. "Elves are sometimes peculiar, and very different from one another based on their homeland. But overall they are not so different from Men, and though Legolas is from Mirkwood, which is quite unique in itself, I believe his idiosyncracies are his own." "Hm," said Boromir, stepping off the rock they stood upon together to submerge himself to the neck in the middle of the deep and slow-moving pool, closer to the far edge of the river. "And he can likely hear you speak your opinion of him from here, I imagine," said Aragorn. "His ears are sharp and also well-trained." "Just my luck," said Boromir, ducking his head for a moment into the water. "Our elven sentry, turned against me!" Aragorn chuckled. Legolas sat now on his haunches and rubbed vigorously at his clothes in the faster moving water. His hair swung about his face and gripped at his damp shoulders as his upper body swayed with the effort, and eventually he picked up his tunic and beat it a few times on the water's surface, before bringing it close to his face for inspection. "What in all Middle-earth are you doing?" Gimli called to Legolas. He had finished cleaning both boots and stood now at the water's edge in naught but his light undergarments. "Washing my clothes!" Legolas exclaimed simply. "Nay, you are beating your clothes as if they have offended you," said Gimli. Legolas shrugged. "Sweat and dirt from the land I can abide, for they are a reminder of our connection to the land and our purpose on Arda. But blood of friends or the stain of enemies? I would rather not carry that around with me. I can smell it." "You can smell it," Gimli said flatly. "Is that not what I just said?" Legolas replied quizzically. "It is," said the dwarf. "Oh," said Legolas, stepping out of the water and holding his now dripping clothes to his chest so that water ran down in rivulets to soak fully the front of his leggings. Legolas raised his clothes to his face once more and sniffed them. "I think now they are clean," he said, and dropped them to the rocks at his feet. "Wonderful," Gimli replied, bending to pull off his undergarments and huffing as the elf took handfuls of arrows from the quiver beside Gimli until it was entirely empty. "Must you sit so close while I unclothe?" asked Gimli gruffly. "I am looking for something," Legolas said. "You are looking for something in your quiver," said Gimli flatly, "something besides your arrows." "Yes, I am looking for something in here; I am not looking at you," said Legolas, tipping his quiver now upside down. He looked up at the dwarf and smiled brightly. "Do not worry, Master Gimli; I have no proclivity at all for dwarves." Gimli's mouth dropped open, and he froze with his pants around his feet and guffawed. "For goodness sake, Gimli. I jest again!" Legolas said. "Can you not yet tell when I am teasing?" Legolas grasped now a small comb in his right hand and restocked his quiver with the other. He dropped the quiver back to the ground so it clattered on his white knife and an arrow spilled back out of it onto his airy undershirt—his only dry garment left—though Legolas seemed to take no notice of the sound. "Undress and bathe before the hour grows late, if you plan to," Legolas said to the naked and shocked dwarf. And now Legolas shoved the comb into the wet mass of tangled hair at the side of his face for temporary safe-keeping. He pulled off his wet leggings so he too stood completely nude, and then laid them on a rock to dry; he spread his tunic and thicker overshirt beside them. "Come now! It grows dark and we will be needed soon to prepare dinner. Besides, I plan to yet find some fish," said Legolas to the still insensate dwarf.