Author's note: Written in honor of this year's vernal equinox. Dates in this story are based in our Gregorian calendar, interpreted very simply based on approximations Tolkien gave us in the Appendices. If Frodo left the Shire in October of the last year of the Third Age, and the Fourth Age started thereafter, then this story takes place approximately five months after the last of the Ringbearers departed Middle-earth. If you are interested at all in Middle-earth calendars, there is a great article online by Boris Shapiro ("The Calendars of Imladris, Gondor, and the Shire, and their adaptation for Gregorian Reckoning") that expands on Tolkien's work that I would recommend. (A birth date is not given for Aragorn and Arwen's first child, Eldarion, and there are conflicting statements as to whether Eomer and Lothiriel were married in the last year of the Third Age or the first year of the Fourth; so, in this story, I have placed both events in the same year—unimportant, but, to me, worth acknowledging.) Until the Parting of Ways March 20 th , Year 1, Fourth Age of the Sun Minas Tirith, Gondor Gimli fastened his belt and ran his fingers several times through his recently washed beard. He plaited the whole thing loosely and quickly, and then secured the coarse hair at the base of his neck with a thick silver clasp that, Legolas had told him the day before, made his hair sprawl across his wide back like a chestnut burst open in late fall. Gimli thought Legolas was accurate in that his hair was, perhaps, the color of chestnuts, but he did not care to understand what Legolas meant by the rest of it, just as Legolas feigned ignorance when Gimli compared his head to a fine chunk of rhyolite. Gimli pushed open the door to his quarters and set off to find beer and Aragorn and then later, perhaps—if he could be called in from whatever he was doing out of doors—the elf. It was late afternoon as Gimli walked down the corridor that was edged with windows that opened onto the west side of the citadel. He had spent the better part of his day split between the library stacks, the stonemasons' quarters, and the second level of the city. Several of his kin would arrive in a few days, and he wanted to be prepared to review immediately his design plans for the new barracks and stables, and thus begin renewing those now weathering ruins of the War's wrath. Gimli and his kin and the men of the city had replaced, in the years after the war, the gates with mithril-work and rebuilt the metalworks on the lowest level, and then repaired the market level (the third). But now it was time to return to the simple things—foot soldiers and their horses, things Gimli had come to know well, and to love. Soldiers and horses deserved perhaps the most noble housing, but a city is driven by its economy, Gimli knew, and other things—in these easier days—came first. That morning, however—in this third Spring since the War—Gimli had discovered the barracks and stables twisted through with last summer's dried vines and overrun by thin sprouts of green and yellow, tiny leaves turned toward the sun like open hands. The nubile leaves were pretty, Gimli thought, and poetic, he imagined Legolas would think, but the vines were hardy and well-enmeshed, and he did not have patience for them while clambering among the rocks to locate the stables' original central supports—the vines stuck to the fallen roof's rotting wood like leaches, and they wrapped round debris like a whip cracked round a limb. He had traded a young boy a measuring tape for a message and sent him to the upper levels to find Legolas, knowing he would come for the bribe he had bid the boy communicate—fresh bread, sharp cheese, and growing green things—in exchange for identifying the plants and instructing Gimli on the best way to remove them. Legolas had appeared at Gimli's shoulder less than an hour later—they were still so very different, but they knew each other so very well, Gimli had thought to himself then, amused at Legolas' predictability—and then he sat heavily on a rough cut of sandstone by Gimli's feet and looked up at Gimli with innocence, hands held out expectantly. Gimli laughed deeply and shoved a bundled half-loaf of bread and a block of cheese into the elf's chest. Legolas rocked back on the stone at the intrusion, but then caught the bundle up in his long hands and folded his legs in a diamond in front of him. He unfolded the handkerchief on the rock so that its corners lay like an opened flower on his knee, his hip, and pointing towards the ground on two sides like a wilting crocus. Then, Legolas cut a thick slice of cheese with a knife Gimli had not seen him produce, tore off a chunk of bread and nimbly pressed at the center of it until a hole emerged, slid the cheese into the center of the bread and smashed it between the palms of his hands to make the bread smaller, and then took a large bite. "Well?" Legolas had asked, looking up at Gimli and pointing at him with his food before setting it in front of himself on the rock. He ran his hands down his legs to remove the crumbs, and swallowed roughly with a hand over his mouth, as if that politeness excused his silent and unrefined entrance into Gimli's morning (it did). "What growing thing have you found? And found the need already to get rid of!" "These vines, my friend," Gimli had said, pulling at a dried and shedding length near his feet. "Oh, that is Traveller's Joy," Legolas said distractedly, folding up the bread and cheese and tucking it in a bundle between two small stones. Gimli watched Legolas as he rocked forward onto his knees and let his feet fall to the sandstone behind him. He leaned forward and reached for the vine by Gimli's boots and ran his fingers along it. He pulled his small knife out again—this time from a slit in the leather belt at his waist—and cut it at the place his fingers had touched. He traced it toward the sandstone on which he sat, where it had crawled and coiled last season, and cut it again at its base. He then took up the bundle of bread again and wrapped the vine around the package, crisscross crisscross, before quickly tying it off with a loose knot and looping bow. Legolas looked up at Gimli. "We use it for rope in Ithilien, and string," he said. "You get rid of it by cutting it for use; it comes back year after year no matter how much you cast out. We could start, perhaps, a rope business, you and I." "And this?" Gimli asked, pointing at the tiny green leaves that seemed to rejoice as the sun rose higher in the sky. "That is honeysuckle, the wild climbing kind," Legolas said, tapping the nearest tiny leaf with a finger, and then raising his hands palm up as if he too were a leaf. Face turned to the sun, he smiled. Gimli sighed. "And how do I get rid of that, O fearsome warrior of Mirkwood?" "It can be cut, as well, or one may dig it up and move it elsewhere—its roots are not as deep as some others," Legolas said, looking back at the dwarf and shrugging. "It will come back, though, as well. It endures." "As does stone," Gimli said thoughtfully, stomping on the crumbling clay bricks beneath his feet, and then stepping onto a stretch of stronger sandstone for comfort; he felt the quartz and feldspar rumble through him like a gentle earthquake, warming him from head to boot. "As do we all," Legolas said, smiling again and standing. He clapped Gimli on the shoulder and the dwarf looked up at him with his arms crossed over his broad chest. "You sent that boy all the way to the citadel so that I might tell you the name of a few plants?" Legolas asked. "He very well may have told you himself. Traveller's Joy, at least, is not known to Mirkwood—I might not have known it." Gimli laughed. "Legolas, I saw you carrying this fool vine into the city two springs past, out of Ithilien, to give life to this place, you said. Of course you would know what it was." "Yes, well," said Legolas, "You are right. But I did not plant it here . It was brought here on the wind, I think, by its feathery seeds, drawn maybe to the scent of the soldiers' horses, and their rich waste." Gimli raised an eyebrow. Legolas had dropped his hand from Gimli's shoulder and had both of them instead on his hips. "And the honeysuckle, then?" Gimli asked. "The wind brought that here, too?" "Oh no, that I planted here myself, the summer after the War, before we had even left Minas Tirith for our homes." "Why did you do that?" Gimli asked, with sincere interest. "It smelt still of death so close to the fields, and the horses stunk, yet children ran through the streets without shoes, throwing broken arrows at each other like toys, braided their hair and tied it back with bits of cloth, played at funerals—for the houses they had lost and the friends that had wandered off during the siege but never returned." Legolas' voice was soft and his eyes looked out down the street to where two children sat in the road, painting designs on the side of a house with brushes of self-fashioned horsehair, paint from ochre crushed beneath their own tiny hands, mixed with water—their bodies were more painted than even the wall. Gimli smiled fondly as he watched them, too. "It smelt of war and death, and yet children danced amongst it. Nothing was green, nothing grew. I could not do anything to mend their hearts of those losses, but I could give them a sweet smell of summer, planted in the fertile waste of the horses in this crumbling place." "Children are strong, Legolas," Gimli said, patting his friend on the small of his back. "They are surprising, like hobbits." Legolas smiled, at some memory of the hobbits, Gimli supposed. "Aye, they will endure. And the honeysuckle will, too!" Legolas said. "I would suggest pulling it up now before it grows more, so that its roots will not fight the upheaval. It will come back if it can, like these children of men." Gimli laughed. "Aye, like the children of men." Legolas bent to pick up his now neatly tied bundle of bread. He tossed it into the air once and caught it; he then looked at Gimli. Gimli tucked his beard into his tunic and spoke. "Go back to whatever you were doing, bird. I will send for you if I come across any more of your hidden green mischief." "Fair enough," Legolas said, jumping lightly from the sandstone down the pile of rubble to the street. "Enjoy your morning, Gimli." "And you yours," Gimli replied, nodding. And then Gimli turned back to staring at the mess of rock and vine, and Legolas was off down the street, pausing to admire the children's art and to break them each a piece of bread, and then he was away up the level like a spring breeze. Now, on the seventh level of the city, a spring breeze buffeted Gimli as a bird flew unsteadily overhead and cast its shadow on his path. He took a left at the citadel guards' barracks so that he came round the corner to the back entrance of Aragorn's family quarters. Usually, a guard would have stepped respectfully out of his way by then, for they guarded even the most obscure entrances to King