Author's Note: This was originally written for the June Teitho! prompt "Pain" (where it placed 2nd). Thank you to Finfinfin1 for reading this piece for me. Even when there was nothing to say but 'What is happening here?' it was enough to make me stick to editing. :) I am happy to explain the decisions I made about spiders. They are partially based on Ungoliant, Shelob, and the dwarves' encounters in Mirkwood, and partially based on my need to compulsively research (in this case, to research the neurotoxic venoms of some snakes and spiders). Ithildim is an OC who can be found in most other stories in my Mirkwood Series. The quote marked by an asterisk is paraphrased from 'The Passing of the Grey Company.' Humble Gifts Legolas did a lot of thinking on the Quest but also a lot of speaking, and we spoke together most often of our folk and our homes. However, Legolas let only the fairest and most cheerful of thoughts breach his lips around the hobbits, unless we were taunting one another for their amusement. That is why I will never forget the anxious look on Legolas' face as he gazed at the sky outside the ruined gate at the Hornburg. It is not that the elf's expressions are so rare that this one sticks out to me, or that he was so distraught at that moment that it is branded in my memory—nay. It is what he said as his wide eyes narrowed at the horizon and his delicate lips pursed and then turned downward that stirred my soul. "I do not think that any of our kinsfolk would come if we sought them. They have no need to ride to war; war already marches on their own lands."* And though Legolas has always denied any inkling of foresight in himself or in any of his woodland folk, something pulled his eyes toward our homes that day—something more than a strategist's mind guided his heart. We found out much later, while staying in Minas Tirith, that both our homes had been attacked within a week of our time at the Hornburg. The golden tone of Legolas' face had paled so his cheeks contrasted in a ruddy flush, and I felt his hand ghost across my shoulder and I caught it and squeezed. He led me to a balcony and I crossed my arms on the railing, and he bent low so that his back was a curve, and we both stared at the horizon, shoulder to shoulder, in our own separate thoughts. Recently, I have been much in my own separate thoughts, the farther we have traveled into the elf's forest on this Elf Path, for it is very clear that war did indeed march here, and Legolas has quit his singing and is silent. Many patches of land to either side of us are blackened and curled and crumbling, as if the evils from Dol Goldur sought to hurt the wood-elves in any way they might, killing their trees for the effect it would have on morale. If this is what it looks like now after the combined healing efforts of Lothlorien and Mirkwood—well, the Wood of Green Leaves, I suppose—then I shudder to think how it looked several months ago. And I am relieved Legolas did not have to see that for—on every leg of our journey—he fought for his Wood and his home and his people… Now, Legolas walks ahead of me for we left the horse at forest edge—the elf insisted traveling under trees is easier without a horse, and I was at first disgruntled, but I can admit now he was right. He has stopped, though, and holds a hand out behind him without turning, so abruptly that I step lightly into his fingers before I can stop myself. I freeze and so has he. No part of him stirs except for his head and his hair, and his braid slides from his shoulder to his back as he tilts his head. I can see in my mind's eye the familiar expression I know he wears—eyes wide, then narrowed, lips slightly parted and nostrils flaring. He sniffs the air and pauses, and then his fingers are no longer gently against my chest but wrapped in my shirt's fabric, and he spins me around so I am in front of him. He pulls his long Lorien cloak around us in a flurry and sinks to his haunches. "What in the name of—" " Lhingril !" he hisses in my ear. "It is near and it is very smart but this kind—if I am right in my guess—has poor eyesight. So you must not move, nor breathe at all, my friend, if you can help it. It must not hear us." "Not breathe!" I exclaim quietly, but I say no more because Legolas has clamped a calloused hand over my mouth and he is pinching my nose with the index and middle finger of the same hand to stop my breathing entirely. I endure this foolishness for several seconds before batting his hand away and tutting. He shifts behind me and I can feel his energy thrumming as he pulses on the balls of his feet—waiting, anxious, and ready. I hear a sound like rope being let off of a ship's mooring reel, except it is slick and wet and sounds also like the squelch of mud underfoot. Legolas' thighs have tensed at the sound and they press against my sides as he rises higher on the balls of his feet. I hear a quiet schick as he unsheathes his knife and places a hand on my shoulder. "I was wrong," he whispers urgently and he has leaned so close that I feel his jaw move against my ear as he speaks. "This one can see us." "You have not even seen it!" I protest quietly, turning toward him under the cloak and knocking into him; he sways imperceptibly and then is still again. "I have heard it, Gimli—in this part of the forest, that is enough; I know my spiders. It will have seen us and it is planning. I am going to uncloak us so we might fight, should it decide it is hungry. If it is not hungry, we will be safe and lucky indeed." And before I can say another word he has flicked the cloak off of us and stood in the same movement. I scramble to my feet and look up, and my breath leaves me; my stomach has fallen past my feet and my hand goes immediately to my axe but then I can do no more— I think I am more terrified now than even I was at the Black Gates, even though then I knew surely I would die. But this creature now dangling above us? It is simply repulsive. Its very strangeness is enough to still my heart and my responses entirely, with just the sight of it. It is more hideous than any orc, and its eyes are large and calculating and too intelligent—more sentient and smarter than such an atrocity should be. It is black and massive, with a pale stripe running down its bulbous abdomen, and two fangs protrude from what I guess is its mouth. Its insect-eyes watch me, and Legolas watches it. And then I hear him gasp as if realizing something horrible. "Gimli!" he yells. He pulls me again to the ground and catches me up in his arms; he turns my body away from the spider to shield me with his own. In the course of this chaos, I hear a rapid, slick schwing like a dropped pulley, followed by an immediate dull thud , like an arrow finding its mark. Legolas' arms have tensed around me and he exclaims something I cannot understand, and he groans; I hear his knife drop softly to the forest floor. It bounces once uselessly on the ground, and I twist in his arms to look round and see what has happened— The spider is there and so close I can feel a coldness creep up my arms as if it is stealing my heat. Its underside fills my vision and my mind. When I look further up I see it is still staring at me, and—again—I freeze in fear. It is then that I notice its fangs are sunk into Legolas' shoulder and its whole mouth is clamped around him. Legolas is grimacing but he smiles slightly when my eyes alight on him, because even with a spider the size of a pony hanging from his very self he is obnoxiously pert, and he veritably sings: "Well, Gimli, welcome to Mirkwood." His whole body is jerked rhythmically every few seconds, and I lean away from the monstrosity and reach for his shoulder, but Legolas smacks my hand with his and reprimands sharply: "Do not threaten it while it is feeding!" "Oh, you fool!" I cry, and draw my axe, extracting myself from the cage Legolas has made round me with his arms. I will strike at its massive back, which it has left unprotected as it slurps—I can hear it actually drinking him!—around the fangs in my friend's shoulder. I hack off the spider's stinger and it begins to twist wildly but it does not release. Legolas lets out a short cry of pain, and I think maybe it has latched on with more determination than before. "Just kill it, will you?" Legolas says sharply, and he is grey and transparent as a sun-bleached beech leaf, revealed from the snow at the end of winter. "It does not hurt until it moves. Use my knife." He nods at the knife laying to the right of his knees, where he dropped it when his fingers, I guess, involuntarily released. "And do what with it, precisely?" I ask. But I have picked up his knife as bade, and I stand with arms dangling at my side, staring at the bizarre scene in front of me. The spider is sluggishly bleeding out its backside yet still it rhythmically moves against Legolas' arm—I see red now on his tunic, soaking outwards from the spider's fangs and frothing at the edges of its strange mouth. "Pierce first the place where the legs connect to the abdomen. After you do that, it will likely slide toward the ground, and then you must, Gimli—Gimli, listen!—" I am almost offended he thinks I am not listening, but perhaps I look as scared as I feel... I do not know a thing about Mirkwood spiders and I can only imagine he is in a world of pain. Do they have venom more dangerous than what my father encountered here? Have we survived the quest together to only have one of us die now, so close to home? He continues: "—then, Gimli, then you must immediately stab behind the head, about a hand's length from its fangs." "Why can I not just stab there first?" I ask with panic, and I frown at him, at the calmness that has settled into his expression—that frightens me more than the spider. "Because it will release some of its hold on my shoulder if you hurt it elsewhere first, and I do not want a spider head on me for the rest of the walk home. Just listen to me, Gimli, please ; I need you to trust me." Something about this is not adding up, and Legolas is twitchier in his pleas than usual. I will not act rashly just because we are in the elf's land and he tells me I should. What if I attack and it is angered and hurts him worse? Or turns on me? What if I stab and it releases a higher dose of venom in its struggle, and I accidentally kill Legolas instead? There are questions to be asked. "Why has it not tried to attack me, or moved to finish you?"