Author's note: Please skip this note if you are uninterested in a somewhat under-informed rambling on Professor Tolkien's constructed languages, that you may very well already know all about. But, it is the reasoning behind this little one-shot; the story is below the line! This is a bit of a… linguistic-AU. Westron—the Common Tongue in the Third Age—is not English; Westron, as it appears in LotR, is "translated" into English for Tolkien's purposes. It goes without saying that I do not speak Westron, and it is not well-fleshed out by Tolkien, besides. I also do not speak Sindarin or Woodland dialects of Elvish—some of which are wholly undeveloped and entirely ignored—and have not studied Quenya or Sindarin at all thoroughly. (As a rule—in all my stories—I do not write in the languages of Middle-earth, as my perfectionist tendencies could not bare the errors, nor could I begin to tackle the cases, though I deeply admire people who are willing to do so!) This story, therefore, is told entirely in English, despite the multilingual subject matter. Languages in Tolkien's Middle-Earth appear to be based on quite different European branches (though "translated" into distinctly recognizable Germanic flavors for LotR): English to Welsh to Old Norse, Finnish to Hebrew, and more. It is my understanding, therefore, (based on this knowledge and Tolkien's comments on his languages and their complicated history and diffusion) that, apart from their Elvish influences, most of Middle-earth's languages were not connected by a shared root-it is not then, I imagine, simple for an Elf who is a native speaker of a Sindarin dialect to learn Westron and then Rohirric with ease, as it might be easy for, for example, one who spoke Spanish natively to learn quickly thereafter Portuguese and French; furthermore, it is said, Quenya-speakers were able to quickly pick up Sindarin in Beleriand, but not Sindarin-speakers Quenya. Therefore, I infer languages in Middle-earth were just a wee bit complicated. This little exploration is a snapshot into the confusion speaking multiple languages may-to some people-present, and the cultural and dialectical difficulties a shared tongue can cause. It was interesting to check out the Fellowship-hobbits' syntax (and the rest of the hobbits we meet in the books) and see, even, how their speech differed from one another based on their region in the Shire, or their social class. Furthermore, hobbits speak a fairly informal dialect of Westron-Hobbitish-which shares some distinct linguistic similarities with Rohirric (a language which Legolas notes in The Two Towers he does not understand), and also with other Northmen (which makes sense, since at least some hobbits lived originally near Mirkwood and the vales of Anduin, prior to migrating West of the Misty Mountains). Tolkien was nothing if not fastidious! In conclusion, whether or not there are these kinds of contractions in Westron or Hobbitish grammar is absolutely beyond me, though there is certainly something —as in every language—that might cause this sort of confusion to a primarily book-learned and non-native speaker, especially one who has perhaps conversed primarily in the tongue with others for whom it is also an intermediary/vehicular language, as I have chosen to write Legolas here (he was the easiest target of the Fellowship for this piece). I ask you suspend disbelief in these linguistic assumptions to enjoy the story (though if you know better and more, please let me know). Anyway, this is just a bit of silly fun with negative contractions and the struggles of the first few weeks of immersion, no matter how familiar one is, theoretically, with the language. Wood-dent: The Trouble with Contractions ' Mussing?' Legolas thought; he stared at Pippin pensively. He watched the hobbit's golden-brown curls flap wildly at his ears as a wind rushed through the pass, and then Pippin repeated more loudly his earlier panicked command. ' Muss-int,' Legolas mused to himself, a second time. Then, 'Musty?' What in all the world is he saying to me? Legolas placed his hands on his hips and waited for Pippin to move on from this recent preoccupation to begin, again, volleying questions. But Pippin stood, still, in the middle of their narrow path, a wall of tall rock to his right, and, when Legolas failed to respond to his second emphatic and youthful exclamation, Pippin gestured nervously toward the crevice at Legolas' left. Legolas considered it covertly but waited quietly, with hope, for the hobbit to continue. Now, what Pippin had really said to the elf was "You mustn't do that!" for he was concerned with how Legolas lightly sprang along the edge of the gully, while keeping an eye on he and Merry and playing the rearguard, and yet simultaneously engaging Pippin in an entertaining game of riddles. But Legolas himself had no idea what the hobbit had said—something about doing, he knew, at least. There was something in the way Pippin spoke that he had heard in men of the Wilderland before, but so rarely had they spoken like that around him that he had been able to harmlessly feign understanding, or it was so rarely used to never before affect Legolas' comprehension, as it did now with the hobbits. Finally, Legolas walked to the hobbits' side, away from the deep crack in the stone, hoping his sudden proximity would prompt Pippin to utter some follow-up to his exclamation, and thus disperse the elf's confusion, or else just forget he had said anything at all. However, Pippin only sighed in relief as Legolas came even with, and then fell into step, beside Pippin. After a moment, Legolas sighed, too—but in bewilderment—and brusquely restarted their game. "My turn, then," Legolas said, walking closer now at the hobbit's side. "How far do you think, Pippin, can a hobbit run into the forest?" Pippin then began again wholeheartedly, rattling off all his supposings, and Legolas took the reprieve to catch the eye of Boromir who walked some distance ahead of them, and had turned around at the previous silence in their babbling to ensure Legolas herded the Small Folk with efficiency; Legolas and Boromir shared an amused smile over Pippin's curly head. Finally, Pippin looked up at Legolas and gave a straight answer. "Well, I suppose it really depends on how much food the hobbit has packed, would you agree?" "Aye, good enough," Legolas chuckled, and he clapped the hobbit lightly on the shoulder, and nodded. "Your turn." Aragorn had been watching Legolas' stilted interactions with Samwise and Pippin for nigh on three days. When they came to stop that night for rest, he pulled Legolas abruptly aside. "Come," Aragorn said, taking his forearm gently. Then, once they were far enough away from the Company to avoid being overheard, "What is it that you cannot understand?" Legolas pulled his arm subconsciously from Aragorn's grip and raised his eyebrows at the question. "You are not a tracker for nothing," Legolas said. "You are too observant of those around you. But," he continued. "You are right. There are some things that I do not understand—I hear nonsense words from the Woodland tongue in places where there are none. And, sometimes, there are names of things that seem more like lists than a sentence with any action at all; these are often when I am addressed directly and, especially, when the tone of the sentence is a question." "Is there anything else you do not understand?" Aragorn asked, frowning with concern; for, in the past week that he had spoken with Legolas at length in Rivendell, Aragorn had not even thought on the elf's linguistic competence, so expressive was his communication. "No," Legolas said. "All else, save for the chance unfamiliar word, is fine. I have never had this problem before." Aragorn looked thoughtful. "Who do you not understand, when they speak?" Aragorn asked. Legolas shrugged and said, "I do not really notice until it happens, when suddenly I cannot recognize the words. Gimli, I always understand him; and you men, mostly; then Mithrandir, and Merry." "Well," Arargorn laughed, "Mithrandir speaks to you much in Elvish, so I should hope you understand!" Legolas shrugged. "It is the hobbits then, that trouble your ears," Aragorn stated. "They do not 'trouble' my ears!" Legolas argued. He looked offended by the idea. "Let's review them," said Aragorn. Legolas frowned and then nodded. "Merry, you mentioned," said Aragorn. "How is your understanding of his words?" "He makes sense to me." "All right. And Frodo?" "He is barely any more difficult," said Legolas. "It is just a few of his words—always the same, I can tell—that confuse me, just once in a while." Aragorn nodded at Pippin, who was leaning over Gimli's axe and watching him needlessly whet it. "With Pippin it is the same things as Frodo that leave me befuddled, but he speaks a great deal faster and a great deal more, so I am more often lost," Legolas confessed. "That is indeed a pity," Aragorn said slyly, with a laugh. "For Pippin asks many questions, and asks them very quickly." "Truly!" Legolas agreed. Aragorn nodded toward Sam, who stood across the camp by Bill the Pony. He unloaded a pack of apples. "Samwise," said Aragorn. "Do you understand him?" Legolas narrowed his eyes at Sam's back as the hobbit toiled, and he thought. "He is the hardest," Legolas finally admitted after half a minute; his eyebrows dipped and his nostrils flared momentarily, and he felt the stirrings of disappointment within himself. "Almost every time Sam speaks, at least in one sentence, it is missing something. I have been pretending to understand him, because I did not wish to insult, but the fault, I think, is in my own abilities." "Do not doubt your command of the language, Legolas!" said Aragorn with conviction. "For you speak clearly, and your words are descriptive and precise, your vocabulary well-rounded, as if you learned it all from a fine book of tales, or a bard's song." "Well," said Legolas laughing, and his countenance was suddenly merry, "it is good it seems that way. For I mostly did!" "Hm," said Aragorn, thinking. Legolas shifted his weight from one foot to another as he awaited Aragorn's next statement. Aragorn shrugged. "Maybe, then," Aragorn said finally, with an impish air, "there is something wrong with your ears!" "Oh, I sincerely doubt that," the elf replied teasingly, "or I would not be here!" Legolas patted Aragorn on the shoulder, then wandered from the group and off the trail, singing in his own tongue to the winter stars above them, no more loud or unnatural than the wind. It was the next evening at dusk, as Sam unpacked his pots and muttered about how their ration of seasonings "Just wouldn't do!" that Legolas finally despaired of his confusion and demanded from Aragorn and Gandalf an explanation. Gandalf laughed quietly to see the elf so baffled, but he let Aragorn handle the outburst, hoping to strengthen the Fellowship's committment to him as a leader in times of strife, while now, in their relative safety, at the very beginning. He would just have a smoke, he supposed, and watch. Aragorn crouched on the ground beside the elf, who sat cross-legged on his folded cloak, and the rest of the Fellowship sat round the small fire and observed with open interest. Legolas awaited Aragorn's words expectantly, eyes wide and exasperated, but he could not mask entirely his surprise when Aragorn drew a dagger on him instead. He held the dagger he had pulled from his boot to Legolas, hilt first, before speaking. "Here," Aragorn said, finally, to the wary elf. "Write the word here, in the dirt, that you think you are hearing." Legolas took the dagger and gripped it gracefully, but he held it stiff and far away from the ground, considering Aragorn with a mixture of suspicion and apprehension. Legolas narrowed his eyes and inclined his head to their companions reluctantly—questioningly—and Aragorn said to Legolas quite sharply, in the elf's own tongue, "They are your company, and you are a danger