In The Dungeons Deep A rather twisted affair, better left forgotten. Lydia is certain that at one point, the beast in front of her will bite. It, or rather he is staring at her with feral eyes, the yellow iris merging with angry red veins to give the overall impression of acidic pus. Both hands are tightly chained above its head, as are both feet to the floor, far enough apart that she can kneel between its legs to sponge away at the rather filthy chest. As a healer she's been tasked with tending to their resident Uruk hai in the dungeons of Edoras, at the very least until it gives up some worthy information. It's likely important, considering she's never heard of the riders ever taking one of Saruman's spawn as prisoner, and probably to do with the recent rumors of raids start up again at their borders. 3 years has passed since Sauron has fallen. 3 blissfully quiet years where Lydia has had the luxury of gossiping with her friends about the Lady Eowyn's marriage rather than which of their kin in the plains of Rohan has been taken that month. She had been quite happy to deal with the usual, unavoidable tasks of elderly diseases or perhaps a child with a nasty toothache, until a few members of the guard had knocked on her door this morning. Of course, she had followed without hesitance. Afterall, she was a reputable healer, gifted one could say for her age, which was one of the only reasons it was easy to get away as a 23 year old with no husband. If the husbandless spindster of the community must be so, at least she is an accomplished healer. So it went without saying that despite being told the situation before entering her patient's cell, she would approach the matter with the same stern professionalism that she always did. Words, however, always seem to dilute the situation at hand. The Uruk kai had obviously been tortured, several purposeful slashes still bleeding and burn marks on the legs. This in itself does not bother Lydia; she had of course seen rather vile things in her line of work, and the stinking animal in front of her is nothing more than an unfortunate requirement of her job. By Eru, did it reek. The stables in the peak of summer were more bearable than this. As disgusted as she feels about it, it is turn of practice to clean the patient before stitching them together again. So even if she is certain her patient had never even seen a bath before, she soaks her sponge from the bucket of freezing water she has been supplied with and roughly slaps it against the Uruk's chest. She flinches as it snarls viciously, obviously not happy with the temperature of the water. ' Serves a hellish creature like you right', she thinks snidely. Lydia keeps her face aloof as usual, as the guard watching them chuckles nastily at their prisoner's misfortune. She feels smug. She may not have been one of those who rode to battle, but she can do her part in her own way. Lydia rubs the first layer of grim away as quickly as she can, ignoring the way her patient tries to bend its neck forward to bite her. She doesn't bother looking at its face when washing away the second layer of dirt and sweat, or on the third or forth layer. Soon she can vaguely see that in the dim light its skin isn't truly black as she previously thought, but grimy and red in colour. She gets back to her feet, then without warning empties the rest of the icey water over its head, openly smirking as it roars its displeasure and the guard outright bellows with laughter. If anything, she thinks it should be grateful. After all, she didn't purposely exclude its burn areas, so they would feel at least a little duller. She calls over the guard to hold the Uruk back while she quickly stitches the deep cuts along its chest and arms, scowling as it tries to struggle as much as possible. At one point, the prisoner lifts its hips to throw the guard sharply off him and snaps its jaws as quickly as it can at Lydia. Luckily for her, the guard's fall had tipped her over as well. She stares with wide eyes at the Uruk, mildly shaken by the near miss, but quickly gets back to work as the guard furiously backhands it and holds it down again. It roars and struggles the entire time, but eventually the fishing wire is tied and cut (Lydia would never waste good surgical string on an Uruk when it could be used for one of her real patients). She works quickly, pressing a premade balm of hers into all its open wounds and another on its burns so that they clot. She doesn't bother to use a soothing one to ease the heat of them, and as soon as she is done Lydia packs away and allows the guard to escort her out. As he holds the door for her, the guard jokes, "It fills me with pride to see a Rohirrim woman so strong against our enemies." Lydia smiles blandly, knowing that the Uruk could still hear them. "As much as it pains me to heal scum like that, I am happy to do my duty to our people." Several days later, Lydia is called again to the dungeons. She practically drags her feet as she goes, wearing the same dress as before considering she couldn't wear such sullied cloth around any of her other patients. The wounds are much the same as before, other than a broken knee cap. The same guard shrugs and answers her silent question. "It's stubborn, and the men want what it knows." "And what would that be?" Lydia says with an arched brow. She guesses that this guard is not taken with a wife from the way he is happy to give her as many grins and liberties as possible. "This brute was caught trying to flee along the Steps. We believe it to be a part of a large group of surviving Uruks still daring to pillage our lands." The guard is tall and fair like most of their kind are, and she decides to inquire his name as well. It turns out to be Haleth, and she gives her own back in turn, enjoying his high spirits at the exchange. Unfortunately, their prisoner decides to be even more trouble this time. It almost nicks Lydia's face again and manages to roar loudly enough in her ear to make it ring uncomfortably for a while after. Its leg is set in a splint and wrapped, though Lydia wonders what the point of it is if her patient is most certainly not going to be set free. She leaves the dungeons with Haleth escorting her again, in good spirits with such a charming guard calling her 'my lady'. Every few days, Lydia is called to do her duty. Haleth, herself and the Uruk are all aware of the routine in her visits. She is required to always rinse its body and heal any wounds that could be fatal or become infected. The splint on its knee is damp and rotting slightly from the dungeons moist air, so Lydia must plan to visit the lumberjack and purchase more wood. Haleth in his gentlemanly way offers to buy it for her, and excitedly sets off immediately to do so. Sadly for Haleth, Lydia thinks him a bit of an idiot. While the Uruk cannot harm her the way it is chained, she is still certain that Haleth would be in serious trouble if he is caught leaving his post. She shakes her head and begins to rub her sponge onto the Uruk's skin. With her usual clinical distain, she notices that they prefer to beat him with blunt objects nowadays; less blood, but harder for her to find the damage in the darkness. Usually she maps them out by his tensed muscles and sharp hisses of pain, his heavy breaths low and laboured. Lydia does not pity the Uruk anymore than she does the pigs that are slaughtered for food, less even. Their livestock has not been responsible for the raping and pillaging of her people. Absently, she finds herself talking in a drawling voice that one can associate with mockery. "So you fought in the war, I imagine." She doesn't expect an answer, and is mildly pleased at surprising the Uruk. It likely hadn't expected her to make small talk. She can feel its ugly eyes on her, daring her to draw close enough to those teeth and claws. "I wonder what troop you were part of." Lydia begins to apply the healing balm to his bruises, irritated that she was already running low. "Did you fight with a sword, or a bow?" Without looking into its eyes, she knows that it is wary of her, and the fact that she is a threat to such a brutish creature makes her wicked. "It matters not, I suppose." Lydia looks up to smile widely, unable to help herself. "You will end up as a dirty corpse to be burnt like the rest of your kin." The Uruk flies into a rage, roaring and straining its body to reach her. Lydia is more or less used to the guttural noises, so while she does flinch away and stand quickly, she is able to laugh at the stupid creature at her feet. Haleth returns quickly, running in as soon as he hears the commotion. Seeing the Uruk is still chained and Lydia is safe, he sets down a small pile of wood for a splint and moves forward to shut their prisoner up. The next time Lydia is called, Haleth is not on duty. He had run into her once as she had wondered around the market, and was kind enough to escort her home telling her that he had been stationed to patrol the wall instead of the dungeons. Haleth was considerably more upset about this than Lydia was, but she had smiled and promised that they would see each other soon. Lydia now finds herself wishing that Haleth really hadn't left. The new guard is named Baldred, and while similar to Haleth in features, has an unsettling quality that Lydia does not like. He stares at her far more than he watches the Uruk. When he escorts her to and from the dungeons, he always talks of how dangerous it is for young maidens to be alone, fixating on it enough to make her wonder if he even dreams about such an occurrence. He walks too close to her, and she thinks he may have a breath to frighten even the Uruk away. What was once a balefully inconvenience of a job has turned into an issue that leaves Lydia nervous and sick at times. She now often thinks of how grateful she is to live in an area always populated with friendly neighbours that would tell her of Baldred being nearby if he was off duty. One day Baldred decides to pick a fight with the Uruk, and as soon as it snarls loudly he throws a heavy punch into its gut, repeating the gesture until Lydia intervenes. "Do not do that again." She snaps furiously at Baldred. "You're increasing my workload with every punch, so unless necessary I ask that you control yourself." There's a nasty gleam in Baldred's eye as she says this, and he advances worryingly close to her until her face almost touches his own. "My lady, it is my duty to keep you clean." Again, Lydia is made wary by the oddness of Baldred's words, but she does not give up her ground. "I rather thought it was to keep the beast from causing trouble."