Chapter 1: Car ride Ok, this chapter is a bit OOC. But the other chapters are going to be less OOC and fit the context more. This is kind of a sequel to my other story, Won't Let Go, but the theme is completely different. If you don't want to be too confused with minor references in the story, check that one out ;) Disclaimer: I don't own "I think we should prank our fathers, guys. Ideas?" Thalia asked. "Umm… I know! Let's pretend we don't know about the trip and act all confused when they talk to us about it," Nico suggested. "Oh! That's actually a really good idea!" Thalia exclaimed. The four of them hid their bags behind bushes. "Percy!" Annabeth's voice was heard all across the field. Annabeth ran up to Percy. "You're leaving?" Percy looked at her sadly. "Yeah. I'll miss you so much." They hugged. Jason, Thalia and Nico gagged behind them. When they drew away, Annabeth's eyes were rimmed red. "I'll see you in a week?" Percy nodded. "Come on, Annabeth, it'll be fine, it's only a week. I'll skype you everyday. Five times a day?" Annabeth laughed. "Yes. Five times a day. You better, Seaweed brain, or I'm kicking you as hard as we kicked Aphrodite yesterday." All of them laughed at the reminder of what happened. (If you don't get this, read my other story 'Won't Let Go') The big three emerged from behind the big house and looked at them, from Annabeth and her red- rimmed eyes, her body resting in Percy's arms to the others who were laughing. "Hello, Percy," Poseidon smiled. "Dad," Percy smiled back. Nico looked at his dad and gave him a miniscule nod before looking away. Hades glanced slightly jealously at Poseidon and his son. Zeus, however, didn't even receive a glance from his children, who were looking at Percy and Annabeth in slight concern. Nico started it. "So… why are you guys here?" The big three looked at them. "Today's our trip," Hades said. Jason faked confusion. "What? What trip?" Percy snorted but turned it into a cough. Thalia shot him a glare, and he gave her an apologetic smile. "The bonding trip for us and our children!" Zeus exclaimed. "What? What about bonding trips? Percy's leaving?" Annabeth cried. Percy stroked Annabeth's hair, "No, no, I'm not leaving. What's going on?" Poseidon blinked at him. So did the other two Olympians. "Do you guys not remember?" Poseidon asked. "Uh… remember what?" Thalia asked. The big three's eyes were narrowed. "Bonding trip? We were going to a 5-star hotel today! Remember?" "Uh… no…" The four of them said. "Well, then, let us remind you now. We are going on a bonding trip today. Get in the car," Zeus said pointing to a giant Porsche at the bottom of Half-Blood Hill. Annabeth clutched Percy. "But… Percy…" Poseidon sighed. "Annabeth, I'm sorry, but you're going to have to be separated form Percy for a week." Annabeth looked at Percy. "But…" Percy patted her elbow. "I'll skype you five times a day, okay? Promise on the Styx and everything. See you." He gave her a peck on the lips. "Go pack your bags," Zeus said. Nico, Thalia, and Jason grabbed their bas from behind a bush. Zeus and Hades noticed and narrowed their eyes. Jason tossed Percy his bag. "Ty," he said. He shouldered his bag. "Annabeth… I'll miss you, but I'll see you in a week, okay? I'll try not to die." He grinned. Annabeth's eyes filled with tears. "Okay then. Skype me!" Percy nodded and pecked her on the lips. He turned to go down the hill, but Annabeth pulled him back and gave him a full kiss on the lips. It lasted for a minute before Hades and Zeus both cleared their throat. "See you, Annabeth." Annabeth nodded through her tears. "Anna, I'm not going to die. It's just a little trip, I'll be back in a week, okay?" Annabeth nodded. "Bye Percy," she choked out. Percy gave her a concerned glance before nodding and turning around to head down the hill, the Big Three Olympians behind him. Once he got to the bottom of the hill, he looked back at Annabeth. "Bye, Percy! Skype me!" "Bye Annie! I'll skype you as soon as I can!" Annabeth ran back to camp. He turned and climbed into the back of the Porsche. The inside was somehow magically enlarged. There were knobs and buttons next to a giant screen in the front of the car which you could connect to your phone screen. Percy dumped his bag on the floor and noticed that there was no driving wheel. Thalia, Nico, and Jason were glancing at him concerned. "Are you okay?" Jason asked. Percy looked up and nodded. "It's fine. I'll skype her, and it's only a week anyways." The three of them looked relieved, and Percy gave a little eye roll. "Seriously? You guys are being melodramatic. It's perfectly fine." The three of them laughed. "Why is there no driving wheel?" Percy asked. "Exactly!" Thalia yelled. "I've been trying to ask that for the past hour, but nobody knows!" "You've been in here for less than three minutes," Nico pointed out. The big three climbed into the front after storing supplies in the back of the car. "What's with the no driving wheel thing?" Thalia asked. Zeus looked at her with a glint in his eye. "It's a self-driving car." "Oh," Thalia said before looking back down at her phone. Nico, Jason, and Percy all pulled out their phones and started chatting in Camp Half Blood group. Thalia: Hello help us Jason: Super awkward Nico: Ikr Percy: Annabeth r u online Annabeth: Percyyyy Percy: Annabeth ur onnnn Thalia: Please don't say love dovey stuff Jason: Please Piper: Hi guys Jason: Piper! Omgggg Thalia: Ugghhh Jason pls no Nico: Ikr Jason no Thalia: Just no The car started driving automatically. The big three were suspicious of their children. They were doing something. "Spy on them with our immortal magic," Poseidon whispered. In his hand appeared a ball which turned into a screen that displayed their conversation. After a few lines of confusing teenage slang, Zeus cleared his throat. "Let's put some music on, shall we?" He pressed a few buttons on the radio and classical piano music started playing. The demigods burst out laughing. Percy: omg what is this zeus is listening to classical music in the car help Connor: OMG I WISH I WAS THERE Travis: IKR WHAT IS LIFE Piper: NO classical music sux Annabeth: Play my playlist xD Percy: Yesss Thalia: Yes, Annabeth's playlist, but I don't have 4G or Premium /cries Jason: Ikr den u see Nico and Percy… on has hotspot and the other has premium Percy: xD Nico: xD "What is hotspot and Premium?" Zeus suddenly blurted out. The demigods stared at him while Poseidon and Hades face palmed. Percy's eyes narrowed. "You're spying on our conversation?" Thalia and Jason coughed. "But father," Thalia started. "We can forget about this… if-" "-if… you get us hotspot and premium." Percy and Nico spluttered. "UH… ABOUT THAT!" Thalia and Jason looked at them pleadingly. Percy rolled his eyes. "Yeah whatever." Nico sighed and didn't say anything. "How do I do that for you?" Zeus asked. Thalia opened her mouth to explain, but changed her mind. "You know what, never mind. I'll just get Percy to beg his mom and stepdad." Percy rolled his eyes. "My mom and stepdad aren't that rich, you know." Thalia's eyes widened and looked at him pleadingly. "Percy… please?" Nico burst out laughing. Percy sighed. "Fine, Paul gave me a credit card as a present. "YES! HA!" She shouted. "What's going on? Zeus asked. "Oh, don't worry about it. Now, let's change our music. Percy, get us premium at the hotel, right now, let's Spotify." Percy leaned towards the front and grabbed the cable connecting the sound and attached it to his phone. "Who's playlist?" He asked. "Annabeth's or Nico's, bother are good." Percy shrugged and clicked on Nico's playlist and pressed shuffle play. "Ughh, but now I can't use my phone. Dad, can we swap seats?" Percy asked as the music started playing. Poseidon stood up and scooted to the back. Percy smiled. "Thanks." He sat down in between Zeus and Hades and opened his Skype. 2 new messages from Annabeth. Annabeth: Hi. How's everything? Me: Psh It's been ten minutes Nothing's happening, dw Annabeth: Skype now? Me: K wait "Nico! Can you get my earphones for me?" Zeus sighed. "This is a bonding trip, not time to contact those back at Camp Half-Blood." Percy looked at Zeus, annoyed with the King of Olympus. Zeus sighed. "You know that I am right, demigod." Percy looked back at his phone. Me: Sry not now When I get to the hotel I'll Skype you Annabeth: K it's fine Ily Me: Ly2 Percy put his phone away. "Right," he said to Zeus. "So sitting in a car not doing anything as bonding, right?" Zeus scratched his head, not getting the sarcasm. "Well… not really. You see-" Everyone rolled their eyes. Zeus scowled. The demigods in the back put their phones away. "So… Percy," Thalia said. "You have a playlist on Spotify?" "No. I listen to Nico's." "You listen to death breath's playlist?" Jason asked. Percy laughed. "His music taste isn't as annoying as he is." Nico's cheeks coloured. "Hey!" Percy laughed. "Jk, little bro." Nico scowled. "I'm older than you." "Uh huh." "Yes I am." Nico said. "Yeah whatever." "Hahah," Jason laughed. "That's what everyone says when they have no comeback. "Guys! Did you see the video 'The Italian man that went to Malta'?" Thalia suddenly asked. "Yeah, I saw it on Facebook! It's sooo hilarious! I was laughing so badly!" Percy said excitedly. "Oh speaking of Facebook, did you see the demigods fess up challenge that Leo and Calypso made?" Nico asked. "Oh right! I'm going to do it now." Percy grabbed his phone and went on Facebook. He flicked through the Camp Half-Blood private page and opened the fess up made by Leo and Calypso, filling it in. 1. Last hug: Annabeth ahah ily 2. Last phone call: my mom hahaHAH RIP social life 3. Last text message: Annabeth on Skype shUT UP tHANKS 4. Last song you heard: uh… I think it's It Girl by Jason Derulo 5. Last time you cried: psh I don't cry… okok after Annabeth and I came out of Tartarus HAVE YOU EVER: 6. Dated someone twice: yes Annabeth 7. Been cheated on: no 8. Kissed someone & regretted it: um… yes sorry Rachel 9. Lost someone special: yes 10. Been depressed: ofc is this even a question ._. 11. Pulled all-nighter: well yes ofc im a demigod LIST THREE FAVORITE COLORS: 12: blue 13: green 14: black THIS YEAR HAVE YOU 15. Made a new friend: lol yea definitely a lot (hi Jason hi piper hi Leo hi Hazel hi Frank) 16. Fallen out of love: nope 17. Laughed until you cried: well kind of 18. Met someone who changed you: idts… 19. Found out who your true friends were: YES 20. Found out someone was talking about you: yes definitely (cough*gaia cough* Kronos cough* Olympians cough*dad cough*mom cough* paul cough*giants cough*titans) sTOP WITH tHE CREEPY STALKERISH STUFF GUYS (Just the evil ones dw mom, dad and paul… oh and Olympians) 21. Kissed anyone on your friend's list: my mom? YOUR LIFE: many people on your friends list do you know in real life: 100% many kids do you want: psh I don't think I'll live that old 24. Do you have any pets: Mrs O'Leary? 25. Do you want to change your name: nope… if you mean my name is Percy and not Perseus 26. What did you do for your last Birthday: kill a titan, kiss Annabeth xP 27. What time did you wake up today: 7? 28. What were you doing