¨I don't love him, you know,¨ Reyna said to her dogs as she braided her hair. "I'm totally over it. I'm fine. Really." Aurum looked over to the pile of crumpled up paper balls that, when unfolded, would reveal themselves to be letters addressed to Jason Grace, the 'him' in question. Reyna had thrown them from her desk in frustration weeks ago, but never picked them up for fear of being motivated to write more. "That doesn't mean anything." Argentum padded over and put his head on her lap, his ruby eyes shining up at her as though in pity. "Do you remember how he used to play with you two? You wouldn't ever chase a ball if anyone else threw it, but you did for him," Reyna sighed. "Well, even if you do remember it… he doesn't." Aurum whined sadly. "It's terrible to hold grudges, but I will never forgive Juno. Hera. Whoever the Hades she is. I hate her. I swear by all the gods, I hate her. As praetor, I had already given so much of myself… I had no free time, I never took a break. My life was non-stop, and I would've worked myself into the ground if not for Jason. Hanging out while doing paperwork with him was the only fun I allowed myself to have. He was my best friend… but you already knew that. I guess that I had afforded myself too much luxury with his friendship. Maybe this is punishment for having a friendship with him instead of a partnership, for loving him more than respecting him. Maybe I was selfish and the Fates see it fit that I be punished. That doesn't make me hate Juno any less. If this is the payment I get for leading an army of demigods to die for the petty differences of the gods, I feel ridiculously short-changed." Reyna's dogs listened intently as she continued to rant. "At the very least, the gods could have spared my heart for a little while longer by not making him love that graecus girl so soon after his abduction, and, really, a graecus girl? I am not prejudiced, but my gods , did he have to love someone that I had never seen before? And a daughter of Aphrodite- what better for him than someone so closely tied to love? I want to hate her, but I cannot. She is so beautiful, and they look so well standing side-by side. She makes him happy-they look like a movie-star couple. She is brave and clever, and, Bellona help me, I would have done the same in her shoes. Even their names sound well together." Reyna stopped to breathe, and her dogs gave her an accusatory and you said you didn't love him look. "Shut up, you knew I was lying," she got up and began pacing. "What does it matter if I do? It's not like he knows, or cares, or cares to know. If he did care, he'd be asking me, trying to find the memories he has lost. He would be putting forth effort to find the truth. He doesn't want the truth, because the truth complicates things. It makes life difficult, and Jason Grace would rather live in total ignorance than have to cope with altercation. Anything that complicates his stupid, perfect little life is simply unacceptable. Once again, I bear the burden for two people. I bear this burden of knowledge- I alone shoulder the guilt meant for two people. Just like a graecus to turn his back on what is difficult. Gods above, I am alone in this." She sat back down in her chair at her desk, drawing her knees up to her chest and burying her head in her knees so that no one, not even the gods, could see her face as she cried. ""You're always distracted, how am I supposed to deal with that? Whenever we're together, it's like you're somewhere else, in your own little fantasy land!" "Piper, you can't demand my attention all the time!" The beautiful daughter of Aphrodite slammed her hands down on the table they were sitting at. "I'm not demanding anything all the time. Just, when we are together, just you and me, it doesn't feel right. You always seem so preoccupied, and whenever I ask you about it, you brush me off like it's none of my business! You never talk to me about anything anymore, and when you do talk about something, it's your work. If it isn't your work, then it's something else that you want to talk about, and even if I'm not interested, I pay attention. On the other hand, when I talk about something you don't want to hear, you switch the topic. Always . If it's not something you want to talk about, you don't talk at all! You don't even hold my hand that much anymore. Jason, what is wrong with you?" For a moment, Jason was silent. He waited until Piper's chest was no longer heaving with her heavy, furious breathing, and then he began to speak. "Piper, I know. I know that it seems unfair to you now, but I swear that I have a valid reason. The stuff that I talk about… those things are safe. I don't have my memories back, and if I talk about anything that might relate to my past, I could remember things… things that could damage our relationship. This way, there is nothing to worry about. It's better this way. There are probably memories that I have that are better forgotten, for both our sakes." Piper folded her arms, her color-changing eyes fixed on his azure ones, angry and stubborn. "So you're running from your past. What memory could you have that could possibly affect the now? Do you even know what you're afraid of ? Jason, I love you, and nothing that you did or have done can change that. I will accept any and every mistake that you have made because they have made you who you are today. My feelings won't change." When Piper spoke that last sentence, a random phrase popped into Jason's mind- love does not alter when it alteration finds . It was Shakespeare, he knew, but he didn't know where he remembered it from, so he pushed it to the back of his mind to deal with the issue at hand. He let out a sigh, and then some of the unfortunate truth: "Piper, your feelings are not what I'm worried about. It's mine. I love you with all my heart, but if there is someone that I had loved first… well, I wouldn't know how to handle that situation or how it would affect our relationship." "Your feelings changing should never come into play. That isn't something that you should have to be worried about in a healthy relationship." "Piper, I'm an amnesiac , don't you think that makes these circumstances a bit special? There is no easy out- if I don't get back my memories, I could be subjecting someone to so much pain, and yet if I do get them back, I risk hurting you," Jason felt his emotions leak into his voice, and he took Piper by both hands. She moved her hands away and under the table, a hard edge to her expression. "You know what, that might have been a decent excuse if the 'someone' wasn't as hypothetical as you paint her to be. Let's shed light on the real problem- your feelings involving Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano. This is what this is about, right?" Jason sighed, supposing that further attempts at subtlety were futile. "Yes." Piper sighed, and there was a long stretch of silence before she spoke again. "Look, Jason. Go find your memories. Stop running. When you find yourself again, when you know who you were before and you you are now, what you want and what duty demands of you, come back and we'll talk, but until you know these things, we are through. I can't be with someone who doesn't know who they are when they won't let me help them find themselves." "But Piper-" "I know, I know. I love you too, and this hurts me beyond what you could ever imagine, but we can't keep going like this. It's going to feel like the Fields of Punishment, but there is nothing that can be done. There is no solution to until you figure out who and what you are, and what it is that you want. I've got to go. I have a campfire to attend." And just like that, Jason's world began to collapse around him. In this emotional hurricane, there was only one thing to do- find the eye. He wasn't sure how to do that, but it made sense that, when looking for something that is lost, it is only logical to look for it where it had last been found, and that was at Camp Jupiter. If Jason was honest, he was terrified of this little quest, as he began to think of it, more terrified than he'd been his whole life (or at least the part of it that he remembered). A horde of monsters? Easy. Feelings? Not so much. But, as he had always done, he accepted his burden with resolve, and went to pack his bags immediately, bound for Camp Jupiter. At supper that evening, Reyna received the news that Jason was to return to Camp Jupiter in the near future, quite possibly on the morrow. She tried not to think about it much, and failed miserably. How could she not think about it, especially when everyone was so excited for the return of the pontifex maximus ? The campers adored Jason- they looked up to him, admired him. When he visited camp, every face had a smile- every face except Reyna's. She was always miserable. There is something about proximity to what one desires but cannot have that makes one feel like the most unfortunate wretch on the earth. In fact, this feeling of desolation made Reyna wish that she could order for no one to speak to her of Jason and his endeavors… but alas. She was praetor- it was her business. Besides, it would make too obvious her feelings, which was the last thing she wanted. There must be an amazing reward for my suffering when I reach the underworld, she thought as she felt her heart clench. If not, I will raise all Hades, because this is ridiculous. Frank whistled. "I never realized how awful I am at chess." "You're not awful, Frank," Reyna sighed as she reset the pieces for another game. "Your mind has just been fried from the paperwork we just finished. Thank you for helping me, and now playing chess with me. That really was a lot of work, and chess helps clear my mind." "No problem," the Chinese-Canadian replied, moving a pawn. "You've been looking more and more exhausted every day. I think you need more than just a chess break- I think you need a vacation." Reyna didn't even look up from the chess board. "Absolutely not. My place is here, with the people." "Yes it is, but if you die of exhaustion, you aren't doing the people a favor." "Frank, I'm fine, I promise." "This isn't because you don't trust me with the job, is it?" Frank asked quietly, almost ashamedly. Reyna then looked up, her dark, shiny eyes reflective in the light. "No! That isn't it at all. I trust you completely, but… there is a reason this job is meant for two people. Doing this alone… it can really do a number on you. It will make you feel like Atlas, with the weight of the world on your shoulders. I don't want to subject anyone to that." "Even though you were subjected to it yourself." " Especially because I was subjected to it myself." "Reyna, Hazel