Katniss I never should have agreed to this. I look nervously around the room. I can barely feel my fingers, and my shoes are wet. The melting snow in my hair is dripping down my neck, causing me to shudder. It's warm in here, though. It's a relief after being outside, but I can already tell that it will feel too warm very soon. It doesn't help that it reeks of sweat and white liquor in here, either. "Come on, Katniss," Madge says. "Why did I let you talk me into this?" "What?" It's almost impossible to hear anything over the fiddler and the drunken singing. "Why did I let you talk me into this?" I repeat, louder this time and closer to her ear. "Because you sit at home with your mother and sister every Saturday night. You're 18, Katniss. You're free ! You need to get out of the house more." Madge is an only child. She doesn't understand that I don't consider surviving to 18, despite all the tesserae I've taken out, a success. Not as long as Prim is still eligible for the reaping. And if she's reaped next year, I can't volunteer for her. "Stop scowling." "I'm not scowling." "You are. Take off your coat and throw it in the heap on that table over there." Madge has clearly been to these dances before, but I haven't, because she's right; I do stay at home every Saturday night. I reluctantly take off my winter coat. It's from my mother's merchant days and it's the nicest coat I've got, even though it's old and worn, and both of the elbows are patched. I set it on the top of the pile. I hope I'll be able to find it again at the end of the night. Or sooner, because I'll be out of here as soon as I can find an excuse to leave. I nervously smooth down the skirt of my green dress. It's a summer dress, but with a silver gray shawl covering my shoulders, I guess I'm dressed appropriately for both the occasion and the weather. "Here," Madge says under her breath, and hands me a bottle. I eye it suspiciously. "Where did you get this, Madge?" "The Hob, of course." " You went to the Hob?" Good Town girls don't go there. I only go out of necessity. It's the best place to trade for food, salt, and fabric. I hunt alone now that Gale is in the mines six days a week, so the haul is not as profitable as it was back when we were both hunting daily. Now Gale and I only hunt together on Sundays. Although it's been pretty awkward lately... since the kiss. I hesitantly swallow a mouthful of Madge's liquor, and I instantly start coughing. "Not used to liquor, sweetheart?" I hear someone say behind me. I turn to see Haymitch Abernathy, the alcoholic victor. He's grinning at me. I dry my eyes and don't bother to answer him as I hand the bottle back to Madge. "So what do we do now?" "We drink, dance and have fun." I grimace at her suggestions. "Or you could always make out with someone in a dark corner." "Madge!" "That's why people come to these parties, you know." I groan. "Shut up." She laughs. Her Town blue eyes are a bit glassy. I think she's had more than just a mouthful of white liquor. "Is that what you're hoping to do tonight?" She shrugs. "Maybe." She looks over my shoulder, and she lifts an eyebrow. "But I know someone who's definitely hoping to make out in a dark corner tonight." "Who?" I turn around. I instantly regret it when I meet a pair of blue eyes from across the room. "Peeta Mellark," Madge breathes in my ear. "He's been staring at you from the moment we came in through the door." The boy with the bread. Yes. Attending this dance was definitely a bad idea. xoxoxoxox Peeta I'm speaking with Rye and one of his asshole friends, Branch. They do most of the talking. Branch just got married, and I'm hearing a lot more about their marital activities than I ever wanted to. I see Katniss as soon as she enters the room, and for a second, it's as if everything else freezes. There is no electricity tonight, no surprise there, and the bare light bulbs hanging from the ceiling are dark. Instead, the room is lit by oil lamps on tables and torches on the wall. Katniss is standing close to one of the torches. The flames flicker, making her glow, as if she's on fire. Her hair is down tonight, and as her hand reaches up to tuck a lock behind her ear, I suddenly find it hard to breathe. I've only ever seen her hair braided. But tonight, with her luscious curls and waves flowing freely over her shoulders, she looks the way she does in my dreams. I shift uneasily, hoping Rye and that idiot Branch won't notice my growing erection. I roll my eyes at myself. Look at the effect she has on me. All this just from looking at her damn hair . Katniss scowls as she looks around the room, and says something to Madge Undersee. "Hey, Peeta?" I blink. "Sorry?" Rye laughs. "Branch was just saying how much better it is to get head while you're standing, but I guess I can't expect you to pay attention to anything else when Katniss Everdeen is around." "Shut up, Rye," I hiss. "Katniss who?" Branch asks. "Everdeen," Rye says. Branch still looks confused. "She hung out with Gale Hawthorne all the time at school. She's thin, with gray eyes-" "You just described pretty much every girl in the Seam," Branch complains. "I said she hung out with Gale Hawthorne, not that she was fucking Gale Hawthorne, so that pretty much leaves you with only Everdeen," Rye says. Everyone knows Gale has taken a fair number of girls to the slag heap. "Although I bet that's what they did half the time in the forest." Rye snickers as he looks at me, clearly gauging my reaction. I have to breathe slowly to stay calm. I take a sip from my bottle to clear my head. Or maybe to avoid having to say something right away. The liquor burns as it goes down my throat, but I ignore the sensation. "Peeta's been looking at Katniss Everdeen since he was, like, six years old." Five. But who's counting. Branch eyes Katniss up and down. "She's a fine piece of ass, I'll give her that. A little scrawny, but all Seam girls are. But it shouldn't really take you that long just to hook up with a Seam slut, Peeta. You need to work on your game. I thought you were getting advice from your brothers?" Asshole. I want to punch him in his face. Instead, I mutter another "shut up". I gulp down some more white liquor and try not to stare at Katniss as she follows Madge through the crowd. Katniss never comes to these dances. I know, because I come to all of them. I always hope that she'll show up, but she never has. Not until tonight. I've thought about this so many times. The fantasies are always the same. I'd walk over to her and we'd start talking. We'd dance, and I'd feel her body against mine. I'd pull her away from the dance floor and take her someplace quiet. She'd laugh at my jokes, and we'd even talk about the deep stuff. I'd walk her home and end the evening with a kiss. In my head, there is never any hesitation on my part. There is no awkwardness. I always know what to say and what to do. But now that she's actually here, I'm clutching my bottle desperately as I stare at her from across the room, and I know, I just know , that if I actually walk over to her and try to talk to her, I'll make a complete ass of myself. I take another pull from the bottle and sigh. What the hell do I do now? xoxoxoxox Katniss I follow Madge as she makes her way through the crowd. She hands me the bottle, and I take another mouthful. It doesn't burn quite as much this time. The room is large, but it's still packed with people. Most of them are drunk. Everyone's singing, dancing, or – yes, Madge was right – making out in dark corners. It's noisy, crowded, and confusing. I don't get what this has to do with Midwinter at all. In fact, I don't even know why we celebrate Midwinter in the first place. It's the darkest day of the year, sure. Starting tomorrow, the days will gradually get longer. But winter has just begun, really. The hunger will only get worse with every passing week. Some of us will lose family members soon. What's there to celebrate? Nothing at all. "Katniss." Suddenly, he's standing right in front of me. Damn it. "Gale." I try to smile. It's been more than half a year now, since that night after my last reaping. We were in the woods, and out of the blue, he said that he loved me. He kissed me before I had the chance to figure out how to respond. When he released me, I turned around and ran - actually ran - back to town. It hasn't been the same between us ever since. "Well, this is a first." I can smell the white liquor on him. "Madge talked me into coming," I explain. Gale looks from me and over to Madge. She looks perfectly Merchant tonight. Her long, blonde curly hair, slightly chubby cheeks, and clear blue eyes all compliment her red dress. She's beautiful. And Gale can't take his eyes off of her. "Hey there, Madge," he says, and she actually blushes . "Haven't seen you in a while." They've seen each other? She tilts her head and looks up at him. He's so much taller than her. "I've been busy." No. She has not been busy. There's an awkward silence. "Well." Gale clears his throat nervously. He nods over to some of his friends. Miners, of course. "I gotta go. Talk to you later?" "Sure," I answer. Madge doesn't say anything. When Gale's a safe distance from us, I turn towards my friend but she's looking at the floor. I lift an eyebrow. "What was that all about?" "Nothing." "You like him," I accuse, with wide eyes. " Gale ?" "No, I don't," she hisses, but her blush is answer enough. "How long has this been going on?" She looks uncomfortable. "Um… I've thought he was really cute for years, I guess, but he never gave me the time of day. But then this fall, we've sort of made out a few times. At dances." "Why didn't you tell me?" She shrugs her shoulders. "Gale was after you for years. I've felt like such a shitty friend." "It's okay, I don't mind. You know that I'm not interested in Gale." "But you still hang out with him all the time, don't you?" "As a friend. And we don't really hang out all the time anymore, not now that he's working in the mines." "He doesn't exactly look at you in a friendly way." Madge takes another sip from the bottle. It's half empty already. She's going to get sick if she keeps this up. "You really don't mind?" Her voice is small. "No." She exhales. "That's such a relief. I was so worried that-" She cuts herself short. "Look, Gale and I are just hooking up, okay? I know he's not interested in anything more with me, because, well… You know." I squirm. I don't really want to think about it. But the worst thing about this isn't really Gale, and whatever he may