I know, I know… When I finished The miner's wife, I said that I wouldn't write any more multi-chapter fanfics, but, you know… This fic just happened. I first read Nevil Shute's classic 1950 book 'A Town Like Alice' when I was in my early teens. When I went to Australia, many years later, I reread it (because how can you not read 'A Town Like Alice' when you go to Australia, right?), and I couldn't help but think that it would make the perfect Everlark fic! When reading 'A Town Like Alice' as an adult, I noticed new aspects of the book. First of all, I appreciated Jean's extraordinary courage much more than I did when I was 13 or 14. It was also very obvious to me that the book was written by a man nearly 70 years ago. As a woman in 2015, I felt it was necessary to make quite a few changes when adapting the story into an Everlark fanfic. Although I've done my best to modify certain aspects of the story, especially when dealing with race/ethnicity and gender roles/sexuality, the extent to which I can do that is somewhat limited by the time period and the places the story is set in. If some passages in this story come across as offensive, I apologize in advance. This story was written on three different continents, and was alpha'd on a fourth continent. Which I think is kind of cool! In a way, aside from that fourth continent, it resembles the book, which takes the reader from England, via Malaya, to the Australian outback. When I wrote this story, I traveled in the opposite direction. I started in Australia, then I went to Asia, and finally I returned home to Europe. I was even able to go to Green Island (those of you who have read the 'A Town Like Alice' know what happened there!) and call it "research". Fanfiction for the win! Thank you to Lbug84 for alphaing – because I recently learned that we're not each other's betas, we work far too closely together for that - and generally for being one of my best friends, even though you're half the world away. You say that I'm always in your pocket – well, you're always in mine, too. And a big thank you to otrascosasseries for making the beautiful banner! I don't own anything - neither the Hunger Games trilogy nor 'A Town Like Alice'. I'm just borrowing the characters and stories for a while, because I love and admire them. xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxox Chapter 1 London, 1948 I feel small sitting in Mr. Flickerman's office. Maybe it's because of the massive mahogany desk that separates us. Did he choose such an intimidating piece of furniture on purpose? I wonder. Maybe to show his clients that he, through his profession, has power that they don't? I look around the room. It's not just the mahogany desk; everything about this space is intimidating and over the top. The windows are framed by heavy curtains in bright red velvet. Marble statuettes line the fireplace mantel. There are paintings on the walls. I can't tell what they are of, they are neither of humans, landscapes nor anything else I can recognize. They are just shapes in vivid colors: gold, black, purple, all almost too bright. I suppose the office matches its owner. After I received the letter, I discreetly asked a few people at work if they knew anything about a man named Mr. Caesar Flickerman. Surprisingly, everyone I spoke with immediately knew who he was. Their descriptions were all variations of the same eccentric theme, but the consensus was clear; Mr. Flickerman is one of the best lawyers in London. No one said anything specific about what made Mr. Flickerman eccentric, though, and I didn't really worry about it. I mostly just focused on the "good lawyer" part. I understand the chatter now, though. Mr. Flickerman is even more extraordinary than his office. Everything about him makes him stand out. He smiles too much, showing teeth which look so white and perfect that I can't help but wonder whether they are real. He moves almost as if he were an actor on a stage, his every move choreographed. His suit looks expensive, definitely tailored. The color is midnight blue with tiny white dots that appear to sparkle when he moves, an odd choice for a lawyer. His hair even has a bluish hue to it, matching his suit. I don't know what to expect from this meeting. The letter Mr. Flickerman sent me was short. My granduncle Woodrow Everdeen passed away six months ago and, apparently, he has left me an inheritance. I didn't know my granduncle. In fact, I didn't even know that he had passed away until I received Mr. Flickerman's letter. I only have a vague memory of my family visiting him once when I was a child. My younger sister, Primrose, couldn't pronounce his name, so she called him "Woof." He found it hilarious and, just that easily, she wrapped him around her little finger. In the letter, Mr. Flickerman wrote that were several other beneficiaries in the will, including Prim. Sadly, I am the only one who is still alive. Now, Mr. Flickerman is explaining the details of the situation to me. He's friendly. It's clear he's trying to make me feel at ease, but his explanation is still a bit hard to follow. It could be because I'm not familiar with legal jargon. He's kept it to a minimum, though, to make his words understandable. Maybe I'm just too tired. I didn't get much sleep last night. The nightmares kept me up. I stifle a yawn and force myself to focus on Mr. Flickerman. "There are, however, certain terms in the will," he stipulates. Thankfully, it doesn't look like he noticed my almost yawning. Or maybe his brilliantly white smile is a sign that he did, but he's simply too professional to let me know that he thinks I'm rude. "Your granduncle was… well, he was a bit of an eccentric in some ways. I'm afraid he did not quite trust the judgment of young women, especially when it came to managing money." I furrow my brow. Mr. Flickerman chuckles and rolls his eyes dramatically. "I know, I know. The judgment of young men is just as questionable as that of young women, possibly even more so. That said, what you or I think about the matter is irrelevant, I'm afraid. The terms of Mr. Everdeen's will clearly state that the residue of the estate will remain in a trust until you are 35 years old. The will also names my partner Mr. Claudius Templesmith and myself as the trustees." "What does that mean, exactly?" I feel like an idiot. "It means that until you turn 35, you will receive a monthly payment, consisting of the interest of the trust fund. If I remember correctly, you are 27 years old now, yes?" I nod. "The trust fund will be managed by Mr. Templesmith and myself for the next eight years, until your 35th birthday. After that, you are free to do with your inheritance as you wish." I'm still not quite sure if I understand what he's talking about. Mr. Flickerman must see my confusion. "Do you have any questions, Miss Everdeen?" he asks. I clear my throat. "If I may ask, exactly how much money did my granduncle leave me?" Mr. Flickerman leans back in his black leather chair. He doesn't answer right away, and something in his eyes makes me think that he's pausing for dramatic effect. "Fifthy-three thousand pounds." My mouth opens in shock, but I can't get a sound out. My mother never talked much about my granduncle, but what little she did say never gave me any reason to believe that Uncle Woof was rich . "It is a sizable sum," Mr. Flickerman says. I immediately close my mouth, feeling ashamed I'm unable to hide my emotions. "The interest, provided the stock market stays relatively stable, will be around 900 pounds a year, after income taxes. If you budget well, the interest alone could be enough for you to live in comfort. No diamonds or fur coats though," Mr. Flickerman chuckles. As if I would ever buy luxury items like that. Is he making fun of me? He probably sized me up the minute I walked into the room. My cheap shoes. My plain, gray dress. He already knows my address, a neighborhood in the East End known as the Seam, which is telling in itself. I find it provoking that Mr. Flickerman clearly thinks that any young, poor woman who suddenly comes into money will immediately go on a wild shopping spree simply because she can. Mr. Flickerman must realize that he's made me uncomfortable, because he clears his throat and quickly continues. "The overall goal of the trust is that your inheritance will be handed over to you at the age of 35, as intact as possible. However, there is a clause which gives the trustees – Mr. Templesmith and myself – certain powers to realize capital for the benefit of the legatee – you – if we are satisfied it is truly to your advantage." "I understand," I say. I'm not quite sure I do, though. The sum of money he's talking about… It's too large for me to fully grasp. And what does he mean by something being 'truly to my advantage'? "I understand this is a lot to take in, Miss Everdeen," Mr. Flickerman says. "It's going to be quite a change for you." "Yes. Yes, it will be," I answer. That's the only thing I'm certain of right now. "Why don't you look over these documents, and we can schedule another meeting in, say, a week?" He pushes a thick stack of documents across the desk to me. "It will give you a chance to read the will and the clauses. I'll answer any questions you might have." On the way home, with the documents wrapped in thick, brown paper to protect them from the rain, I try to understand what this all means. Nine hundred pounds a year. Growing up, my family was never poor, but we were certainly not wealthy. When my family lived in Malaya before the war, we would have been considered rich compared to the majority of the population. That was mainly because they were so desperately poor, and we, as expats, were privileged. After the war, finding myself all alone in the world and without any financial security to fall back on, I've made a living working as a secretary at the Ministry of Forestry and Agriculture. I barely make enough money to scrape by. I reside in a tiny one-room flat in the Seam. I won't have to work at the Ministry anymore, though. What would it be like to wake up in the morning, and not have to go anywhere? Would I even get out of my flat at all? If I don't get out of my flat, if I just disappear, no one would notice. I pull my thin coat tighter around my body to protect myself from the weather. xoxoxoxox I drag myself out of a nightmare, gasping for breath. It takes me a few seconds to realize where I am, thankfully safe in my own narrow bed. I switch on the light and blink my eyes quickly to focus. My heart is still racing. I'm sweaty and my nightgown is sticking to my skin. I get out of bed and move over to the kitchen, which is technically just a sink and a small oven in a corner by the window. I force myself to breathe slowly while I pour myself a glass of water. The floor is cold against my bare feet and a breeze slips in from under the front door, causing me to shiver. I close my