The seawater in her hair This story seemed to write itself. And don't worry, I haven't abandoned The Other Mockingjay, which will be updated soon, I just had to write this one first. It's just a one-shot. There are a few quotes from Catching Fire, they are written in italics. The idea originally came from a picture of Mags on Tumblr. I don't remember exactly what the text said, but it was something about her relationship with Finnick, and how important she was to him. And then I started thinking about the reaping in District Four. Finnick's relationship with Annie. Mags and Finnick's involvement with the rebellion. And the courage it takes to volunteer for the Quarter Quell – to be willing to sacrifice your life for someone you don't even really know. For an idea. For the hope of a better future. All of a sudden, this story wouldn't leave me alone. It's just a one-shot. This is the story we never got to hear – it's about the victors of District Four in the weeks before the Quarter Quell. « On the seventy-fifth anniversary, as a reminder to the rebels that even the strongest among them cannot overcome the power of the Capitol, the male and female tributes will be reaped from their existing pool of victors .» And just like that, with one sentence, his world shatters. His body is temporarily unable to draw breath, as he realizes what this means , and he thinks, "I'm going to lose her". He doesn't even know which "her" it's going to be, he just knows that whoever it is, it's going to destroy him. Whether it's the woman he loves or the woman who saved his life, it doesn't matter. Whoever has to go into that area - again - he will lose someone he desperately needs to stay sane. Only after two shots of tequila does he realize that he could be reaped, too. He does the math in his head. Four living male tributes from Four. Himself, Hook, Hannock, Trom. 25% percent chance to die. 100% chance to get his heart broken. Those are shitty odds. But of course, the odds have never been in his favor. He can see his client walk towards him in a dress that shows far too much skin – it's one of his regulars. She's ridiculously loud in bed, and she's into some stuff that even he thinks is kinky. But he knows exactly how to get her off, it doesn't even take very long usually, and for that he's grateful. He could fuck this one in his sleep and still get her off, and tonight, he's happy that it's her, because his mind is elsewhere. "It's all so exciting, isn't it, Finnick?" she coos as she slips one arm around his waist. "This will be the most amazing Games ever!" He just looks at her, his jaw open, momentarily speechless. It doesn't even seem like she has realized that he could end up in the Games, too. That he has a one in four chance of being dead in a month. But then he sees her smile, and he realizes that of course she knows. And it turns her on. Fucking pervert. As they leave the bar, hand in hand, he knows this cruel twist of the Hunger Games wasn't done because of him. It's clear as day: Snow wants to get rid of the Mockingjay. That Annie or Mags will have to die as well, well, that's just an unfortunate side effect. After, mission accomplished, he goes back to the bar. He knows he should just go back to his room, but he can't bring himself to, and he hates himself for it. He knows that when he does, he'll call Annie. And he doesn't know if he can handle it, not now. He's not worthy of her. How he wishes she were here. And how glad he is that she isn't, that she's safe back in Four. For now, anyway. He's surprised to see Cashmere in the bar. She's clearly been hitting the bottle, which she usually doesn't do. She's almost impossibly beautiful still, in a silvery dress that hugs every perfect curve of her body. He knows those curves well, of course. They've been paired on a few occasions. Some clients like that. Quite a few do, actually, although few of them are rich enough to afford the two most beautiful prostitutes in Panem at the same time. Because you don't get a volume discount, not with victors – quite the opposite. They've been together a few times without any money being involved as well, years ago, but it didn't take them long to figure out they were better off as friends. Of sorts. He goes to the bar, and charms the bartender into giving him a bottle of champagne for free. Then he sits down next to her. She's staring at something invisible in the distance. Her blonde hair is slightly disheveled, and she smells like sex. Her wrists are faintly bruised. "Rough night?" He asks her. She looks at him, startled at first, and then she smiles a drunken smile. "Oh, you know, the usual. You?" "Loud. Kinky. You know." Yes, she does. "I didn't bring any champagne flutes," he says apologetically, and she shrugs. "I can get some." He starts to get up to go back to the bar, but she stops him. "Doesn't matter. Since when do we need flutes to drink, anyway? We're not that classy, we can drink champagne straight from the bottle. We're hookers, after all." She takes the bottle from him, throws her head back, and drinks. He watches her throat move as she swallows, and she just keeps swallowing, she doesn't put the bottle down. She's going to be sick tomorrow, he thinks, and then she says: "I'm going to be sick tomorrow." He knows that drinking champagne after liquor is a bad idea, and he momentarily feels terrible for getting her champagne, of all things. But then he thinks, she's old enough to take care of herself. She knows what she's doing. She just doesn't care. "Are we celebrating our certain deaths or what?" "Yeah, I guess." He pauses. "We don't have to get reaped, you know. And I'd thought you'd like another shot at it, perhaps?" She volunteered last time, after all. But then again, this time she knows better. He knows she does. She knows what she'd be getting herself into. Of course she wouldn't be stupid enough to volunteer twice. "What if I'll have to compete with Gloss?" She whispers. He hadn't thought about that. "That would be so fucked up," he finally answers. "If they set you up to kill each other." Brother and sister, fighting to the death in the arena. That would be a first. Which is, of course, the reason why it will probably happen. Damn gamemakers and their rigged reapings. He takes the bottle from her and drinks, feeling his own stomach revolt already. "Give me back the bottle," she growls. She throws her head back again, and when she puts the bottle down on the table, she's already had half of it. He sees the looks they are getting. He knows why – seeing them together seems to be almost unsettling to most people. They are both too beautiful separately. Together, they are somehow too much for this earth. Well, perhaps they'll both be gone from this earth in a few weeks, anyway. "You could win, you know", he says. "You've done it before." "So could you." Blue eyes meet sea green ones over the bottle. Fear and despair meeting fear and despair. She looks down at her hands. Her nails have been bit down. She never does that. "Stay with me tonight?" She whispers. He hesitates. "You know I won't." She looks up at him, and her eyes are filled with tears now. "I'm sure Mags will volunteer for her," she whispers. "I could never ask her to," he whispers back, he can barely get the words out. He's not in bed until dawn. He needs a stop in front of the toilet first, his stomach contents making a reappearance. The champagne was definitely a bad idea. His world is spinning as his head hits the pillow, and he hesitantly reaches out his hand to get his phone before he passes out. He knows her number by heart, of course. He knows it's five in the morning. He doesn't know if she's at home or if she's perhaps been hospitalized. He hopes her family got to her in time, to keep her safe. He desperately hopes she hasn't done anything stupid. Hurt herself. Or worse. His hand is shaking as he holds the phone to his ear, hearing the rings on the other end. One. Two. Three. Four. Then, just before the fifth, she answers. "Finnick?" He can barely hear her voice. She's been crying. It's only a whisper. "Annie." And then he starts crying, too. Heavy, desperate sobs. They don't say anything else, neither of them can, they just cry together on the phone. Finally, she says: "I can't do it, Finnick. I can't ." And he knows that she can't. He's barely able to get the words out: "I'm going home in two days. Please don't do anything… Please wait for me?" There's silence on her end. "Annie?" He remembers all too well the three times that she didn't. The pumping. The waiting. The hospital bed. The anguish. "Sorry," she answers finally, after a long pause. "I nodded. On the phone. I didn't think." He'd laugh if it wasn't five in the morning and if the whole situation hadn't been so fucked up. "Promise, Annie?" "I promise." "Is your mother there?" "Yes." Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. "Can I talk to her?" He knows it's very early, but this is too important. "Sure. Just hold on." He hears how she puts the phone down, and then sounds in the background – the door, muffled sounds of voices. "Finnick?" It's her mother. "Hi, Mary." He knows her well now. It wasn't always easy between them – she didn't approve of her broken, frail daughter being together with a Capitol playboy at first. He also suspected that she resented him simply because he'd had anything to do with the Hunger Games. But he managed to make her see, in the end, that he loved her daughter. That he would never hurt her. "I'm glad you're there." The rest of the sentence is unsaid: "I'm glad you're there when I can't be." But they both know. "Are you coming home soon?" "Yes." He was going home for the reaping anyway. The reaping. He feels sick again. "Look after her for me until then, okay?" There are more unsaid words as well: Don't leave her alone. Not for one minute. She knows. "I will, Finnick." His train arrives late in the afternoon, and he's grateful that most people are at home, having dinner. Being in the Capitol is torture, but being at home isn't easy, either. People think he's the person they see on TV, the one they read about in their stupid gossip magazines. He looks at his reflection in the glass, sees the bronze complexion, the styled hair, the too white teeth and the blemish-free, perfect skin – and sighs. If they only knew. No one waits for him at the train station. Not that he expected anyone to. He doesn't have much luggage, just a small bag. He spends so much time in the Capitol that he has separate wardrobes and his own, permanent suite at the fanciest hotel in the Capitol. Not that he could've used the same set of clothes without looking like a fool in one of the places, anyway. He feels very out of place in his golden silk suit. He fetches his bag, containing only toiletries, a change of clothes