This is a one-shot inspired by the movie Gladiator from 2000. Starring Russell Crowe, Connie Nielsen and Joaquin Phoenix, it was directed by Ridley Scott and won five Oscars, among them Best Picture and Best Actor. I chose Gladiator for the Everlarkianarchives' Movies in the Month of May challenge first of all because it's one of my favorite movies, and secondly because there are some interesting parallels to the Hunger Games. It is just one scene from the movie – the first time Lucilla visits Maximus in the dungeons of the Colosseum. Even though I've retained all the original dialogue from the movie, it's definitely not the same scene anymore. If you haven't seen the movie, you might find this fic a bit confusing. If you PM me your e-mail address, I can send you a short recap of the plot. Peeta will play Maximus, and Katniss is Lucilla. Cato is Commodus. Who knows who Marcus Aurelius was – he was certainly not Snow! – but never mind. He's dead, so you don't really have to picture what he looked like. But please don't picture Snow as Marcus Aurelius! Other minor characters that are mentioned are Seneca Crane, who is Lucius Verus, Lucilla's late husband. Cinna, who is Senator Gracchus. Madge, who is Maximus's late wife. And finally Rye, who is Lucilla's eight-year-old son Lucius. Trigger warning: I guess the Seneca/Katniss pairing can be a trigger in itself to some, and there's dubious consent as well. Thank you to Lbug84 for betaing! Gladiator The empty cell is dark. The rough, bare stone walls are partially lit by torches. In the palace, the walls have ears, but not here in the dungeons. There are no secret passageways, and the massive stone walls are too thick to carry conversations. I pull my cloak tighter around me, making sure the hood covers my face as the two guards enter, along with their prisoner. I watch from my dark corner as they chain Peeta to the wall. He looks fit and well fed. His clothes are clean, his beard is neatly trimmed. Skilled gladiators are valuable, and they are well taken care of - until they meet their end in the arena, of course. After they are dead, the treatment of all gladiators is the same: their corpses are fed to the lions. With a wave of my hand, I send the guards away. They do not question me. I am hardly the first woman of wealth to venture down here, hidden by the darkness. When we are alone, I step out from the shadows. Peeta looks surprised for a second, he must not have seen me when he entered the cell. I remove my hood, and Peeta's eyes darken when he realizes who has requested his company. "Rich matrons pay well to be pleasured by the bravest champions," I say in lieu of a proper greeting. Peeta's eyes have a dangerous glint in them as he slowly walks towards me. "I knew your brother would send assassins." His voice is vicious. "I didn't think he would send his best." He is halted just short of me by the rattling chains around his wrists. "Peeta, he doesn't know." "My family was burned and crucified while they were still alive," he hisses. "I knew nothing about it." "Don't lie to me!" He shouts, and I swallow hard. This man, furious and threatening, is not the Peeta I used to know. He's not the laughing boy on the beach, neither is he the wise general. How do I reach him through all his pain and anger? "I wept for them," I say insistently. Cato had a smile on his face when he told me, in great detail, how Peeta's wife and son had been murdered at his command. Even though I felt sick inside, I managed to hide my disgust and fear from my brother. I wore a neutral porcelain mask, which was all I ever allowed him to see of me. I did not cry until I was in the privacy of my own suite. My slave girl Lavinia gently stroked my hair as I muffled my sobs in the pillow. The images Cato planted in my mind have haunted my dreams ever since that day. Roaring fire. Rape. A mother begging for mercy for her son. Burning flesh. I wake screaming, but find there is no relief in waking. Peeta takes a few steps backwards. I follow him, forgetting about the short range given to him by the length of his chains until it is too late. Quick as a snake, he grabs me as soon as I am within his reach. His hand closes around my throat. Something dark in his eyes tells me that it is a result of cold calculation on his part. He's got me where he wants me now. " As you wept for your father? As you wept for your father?" The rage resonates in his voice. He presses a bit harder on my throat, and I can barely speak. "I have been living in a prison of fear since that day," I tell him. I can see in his eyes that the fire and the screams haunt his nightmares, too. "To be unable to mourn your father for fear of your brother. To live in terror every moment of every day, because your son is heir to the throne?" My voice breaks, and something passes over his face as I mention Rye. "Oh, I have wept," I assure him. "My son was innocent." I feel his fingertips digging just a little bit deeper into my skin as he spits the words out, and I start to feel a bit lightheaded. Even if I manage to call for the guards, I know that Peeta can break my neck before they have time to come to my rescue. If the guards find me here dead, Peeta will be tortured and executed, and then there will be no one left to save Panem. "So is mine. Must my son die too before you can trust me?" He pushes me away, roughly. I stumble, barely able to stand. I gasp for breath, feeling the air fill my lungs and for a moment, it's all I'm able to focus on. Breathe. I can breathe freely again. Peeta turns away from me. His shoulders slump in defeat. "I could never trust you again." His words sting, but I can't really blame him. We were so young, Peeta and I. We were only 16, and madly in love. We were star-crossed lovers - the Emperor's only daughter and her young guard, the son of a baker from District 12. Peeta should have known, but he didn't. Perhaps he was so madly in love that he chose not to acknowledge the impossibility of our union? I, however, had no such illusions. I knew from the very beginning that it could never be the two of us. I was to be wed in fall. Co-emperor Seneca Crane was 20 years my senior. Our union was necessary to secure my father's power and the stability of the Capitol. I never considered questioning my father's command. Ever since I was a little girl, I had known I would wed a man of my father's choosing. Such was the role of well-bred daughters of powerful men. My engagement was not yet public knowledge; my father did not want to alert his enemies in the Capitol of his plans. No one at my father's seaside summer mansion in District 4 knew, except for Lavinia. But long days in the sun and warm summer nights smelling of jasmine flowers made it all too easy to push thoughts of marriage away. The days were mostly spent hunting in the woods. And as soon as Lavinia fell asleep at night, I would sneak out of our bedroom to swim in the ocean. It was the only place I could be truly alone. One night, as I was wringing the water out of my hair, my naked body only covered by a short silk robe, I was startled to hear steps behind me. Even before I turned around to see him in the moonlight, I knew who it was. I recognized the heavy, slightly uneven steps of Peeta, the young man from District 12 who had been handpicked for the personal guard of the Emperor's family. For weeks, he'd followed me on my hunting trips in the woods, always making sure I was safe. At first he annoyed me because he moved through the woods clumsily and loudly, scaring away all the prey. But he was a natural horseman, and when I hunted from the horseback, I secretly admired him. I opened my mouth to say something, anything, but I didn't know what to say. I was certain that this was the end of my nightly swims. Peeta would escort me back to my suite and alert the other guards of my escape, and they'd make sure I'd never slip out of the mansion unaccompanied again. Instead, Peeta surprised me. " Will you teach me to swim?" Hopeful that maybe he wouldn't tell anyone about me sneaking out at night after all, I answered yes. In time, the swimming lessons became something more. We would sit on the beach after swimming, looking at the black waves. I was reluctant to go back to the mansion, wanting to spend as much time outside in freedom as I could, and Peeta always stayed with me. It was a bit awkward at first. I had never been much of a talker, and we didn't really know each other. One night, probably mostly to break the silence, Peeta asked me about my favorite color, and in return, he told me of his. It was impossible not to like Peeta, and soon, we became friends. He told me stories that made me laugh, wonder, and dream. He told me about his life in District 12. Although he was only the third son, Peeta was going to inherit the family business, because according to his father, Peeta was the only one of his sons who truly loved baking. I could tell his father had made the right decision, because Peeta's voice was filled with pride when he told me of the small, but well-run bakery that was to be his when he returned to District 12. Without thinking, I reached out to touch his hands. They were rough, scarred from the ovens, and warm. As I traced the lines of his skin, our fingers intertwined. " One day, Katniss, we'll go there together. I can't wait to show you District 12. I know it's small and poor, it doesn't have any of the grandeur you're used to from the Capitol, but it's still beautiful. You should go in spring, when the Meadow is covered in dandelions." " I'd love to see it," I answered. Together. I refused to think of the implications of his words. He held me in his strong arms as we listened to the sounds of the waves against the shore. On those warm summer nights, we were not the Emperor's only daughter and a young guard from District 12. We were just a girl and a boy. One night we quietly walked through the orange orchard on our way down to the beach. His grip on my hand tightened and his voice was low. " I have a confession to make," he said. "I should have told you before, but I was afraid that you would be angry with me." " What is it?" I asked. " I saw you that first night. Before you put your robe on." He stopped, and so did I. He bit his lip nervously. " I did not mean any disrespect. I should have looked the other way, but you were just so beautiful. I'm sorry." I leaned a bit closer to him. His skin smelled of the ocean. "Don't