The story principally starts on May 7, 1998- few days after the battle of Hogwarts and spanning several years, with several Seventh of May as crucial pit-stops for the lives of Hermione Granger and Minerva McGonagall. Just borrowing the characters from JK Rowing and spinning into my liking. This is my first HP fanfic writing, kindly be gentle with criticism :) Seventh of May Year 1998 | First One Chapter 1 Morning - Severus Snape laid to rest Hermione Granger— heavily weighed down by the recently ended war and the enveloping aftermaths that plague war survivors had retreated at her parents' old house in London. They are still in Australia with altered memory and she has yet to deal with that aspect of her life once the border opens and be given permission by the Ministry to travel abroad. For nearly three days, she found herself ineffectual in her old bed on a self-imposed seclusion, mostly wasting away that even basic sustenance of eating and sleeping had been neglected. With her miserable rumination, she had become more lightheaded with each passing second. She barely managed to drag herself out of the house when she had to attend funerals, heavily glamoured to hide her sunken eyes and much pale complexion. She appeared only to handful of services for people she had considered good friends like Fred Weasley. Or Remus Lupin and Nymphadora Lupin. While Remus and Tonks are— were not exactly friends, they were close associates brought on by their relevant roles during the war. The truth is, Hermione would rather not attend at all, not even Fred's – who was almost a brother to her… It is not for lack of respect for the dead nor lack of sympathy for the left loved ones. One look at the Weasleys especially at the enduring twin brother George—Hermione knew, mentally fucked or not, indifference is not one she'd feel. But what one can do that would matter to Weasleys? Bring back Fred? Pay with shallow platitudes? Honestly, who has the strength at this time when just getting out of bed takes extreme effort? And while she understood that funerals are for goodbyes, in her mind, all of them have been saying goodbye to each other for quite sometime. It was the night that Sirius Black got killed, and Voldemort's return had been publicly acknowledged… That was when the official gun start of the war was fired. Harry's trip to the graveyard during the tri-wizard was the teaser... As the morning light penetrates Hermione's window, she look at the muggle calendar hanged at one wall and magically flipped to find the correct month only to realize that it was of previous year so she abandoned the cardboard. She cracked her brain to calculate the date. Today is the fifth day following the final battle; their community is finishing with the last of the funeral service for all the lost lives of friends and foes. Reverently it would be ending with Severus Snape's. Admittedly, she would not get out of the house today if it was not he being laid to rest. For Hermione, to attend is to take part in penance for wrongly judging Severus Snape. And foremost to be with Harry. She knows her best friend too well. Undoubtedly he would exclusively claim all the guilt about not stopping Voldemort sooner…Take all fault in not saving the many fallen fellow students, friends and professors— especially Severus Snape. So she finds herself taking a shower, glamouring herself to hide her misery like the previous days. She has to put Harry first–- at least for this morning. Despite her own internal struggle, she decided to lend her best friend some fortitude, something she did not know if she has to give… As she herself is drowning in vagueness. Standing behind Harry with Ron at her side, Hermione is being careful not to let her sight wonder because it may lead her mind to confrontation she rather not deal right now. Not when she does not have the indulgence of seclusion; she kept herself in-check to not draw unwanted attention. She concentrated at Harry's back or at her shoes, as she listens to the eulogy for their dead professor. "Lets call a spade, spade." The Headmistress of Hogwarts started. Nothing else could be heard but the venerated witch. Even the wind seem to have paused. "None of us was any wiser about Severus Snape's true allegiance. We all believed that he betrayed and murdered Albus Dumbledore per Voldemort's bidding." Even without looking around, Hermione knew that some still cringed at the loudly voiced name of Voldemort. She also knew that the ringing truth from the Headmistress is clipping everyone to an unerring silence and motionlessness. One would think she is not giving words of reverence for the dead professor, but casting a massive stunning spell over the crowd in attendance. "I myself duelled with him, believing that I have to— that I have to protect Mr. Potter from him. My 'supposed' brilliant mind failed to grasp the factual matter that for the last year, while he was not outwardly protecting the students and professors— neither was he subjecting anyone to much graver peril when he could easily do so as Headmaster… When he could hand out information concerning many of us to the death eaters. Make it simpler to eliminate us and expedite darkness." The Headmistress is painstakingly pressing details at Hogwarts, switching the vantage point so that staff, students and parents altogether comprehend the veracity of the circumstances during Snape headship. To others, particularly the member of the Order, she is underlining the safeguard they had unknowingly received. There is no doubt, that Minerva McGonagall is strongly defining the context surrounding Severus Snape's heroism, and ending any disbelief, right here, right now. Unequivocally. "Numerous times he must have inwardly slapped me at my Gryffindor foolishnes s whenever Gryffindor courage brought me to his office, under my own notion of defending the students and staff from him. Never supposing that he must have saved my back too many times, from the true death eaters residing with us at Hogwarts. How he managed to circumvent the death eaters' evil plan to remove me from Hogwarts and send me to Azkaban, or to my demise, I would never know. But will be eternally indebted." For some reason, Hermione could identify too well with the frustrating sorrow emitting from the knowledge that 'she should have used her supposed logical mind'. That she should have seen how some things never quite add-up. Snape had really done no harm to Harry, but in fact tried saving him a couple of times. She should at least suspect something, her supposed 'golden brain' never failed her and the exasperation is adding to her misery. "Coward… the last thing he heard me say to him." Hermione flinched hearing the wearisome remark and could only guess how tenfold the sorrowfulness it had caused to a much brilliant witch such as Minerva McGonagall. "I could not be more oblivious that we were together, fighting against darkness, under the same banner of light." As the steady words continued from the Headmistress, Hermione realized that she was not alone at seeking penance. Not alone indeed. "Hindsight after the war brings pain and liberation. Sorrow and tenderness are friends to visit us as we further uncover what parts played by whom in the war. Some truth would break more of our hearts, either through realization of the poor choices we have willfully made, or from letdown by others' partaking. A number of them would take a very long time before we could uncover its veracity and postponing the effect on us. However, for every facet we stumbled upon, as we bring ourselves forth, it is incumbent upon us, to faithfully learn the intended lessons, while we put back the scattered pieces our hearts... the cluttered bricks of our world" Hermione let the well-known lilt washed over her, the one she had heard for six years at Hogwarts. She absorbs the distinct voice that she had always associated with studiousness and upstanding conduct… But with the recognition of its familiarity is the introduction of a considerable adjustment that one could not negate. She searched the owner of the voice for the customary Head of House she had come so many times for support and advice. For the woman who had always welcomed her over-eagerness to learn without exasperation nor conceit but genuine interest. The one she found in its place is not just her former Transfiguration Professor, but THE Headmistress . And the sound is from no less than a three-time war heroine. Hermione shoved down the creeping emotion and chastised her maudlin self. She cannot afford to confront the 'after war reality' right now… Even later is a tall order… She re-focused her eyes at Harry's back and continued listening, aiming her thoughts about the wizard they are laying to rest. "While Harry might continually feel that he had been too late in reaching Severus Snape that night, had he not reached him at all… It would be for sometime that we remained ungrateful, and obtuse of his sacrifice. Unworthy of his brilliance…" Hermione could visibly notice Harry's affected stance at the mentioned of his name and the denotation of their professor's sacrifice. She could see that he was mentally transported to the boathouse at the time they found Snape holding on to life long enough for him to hand his tears for the memory. "And ignorant of his love…" Harry's harrowing intake of breath had Hermione considered the thought of stepping closer to him for support but stopped from doing so as she caught him send a nod across them. She could deduce that the acknowledgment was directed at the Headmistress, signifying that an unspoken understanding between the two of them is in place. In some way, it brought her comfort that her best friend had accepted a kind of caring that he usually denies himself. Her heart thumps in another meaning at the comprehension. "Severus Snape had played his role with perfection, for had he not; we would not be standing in the light today… Less than a truer Slytherin could not accomplish such. Less than a brave Slytherin would never take on the mission." There. A long-standing Head of Gryffindor, the house of the brave, had given reverence to such courage, displayed by no other than the recent-past Head of Slytherin, their 'rival' house. "Severus…" At the long pause and slight wavering of the usually rich voice, Hermione could not help but raise her eyes in curiosity and concern towards the woman, who imperceptibly gathered her renowned self-control before continuing with her words. "…Severus, I never understood your habit of prattling your chess strategies after a match. I found it rather hilarious that you'd insist to make a play-by-play rationale of all your moves particularly the rare times you beat me. I'd always asked you, 'Whatever for Severus?' And you'd always say, ' For you must never doubt Minerva.' There was another pause, although much shorter this time, Hermione caught it nonetheless, along a well-concealed sigh from a woman who is making a rare act of personal disclosure. "I only caught on your meaning, and for that I am sorry." Then in a blink, the control is back. Then a twitch of her mouth in an apparent amusement emerged. Hermione thought she is seeing fondness, a deep sense of friendly attachment adorning the Headmistress' face. "Here's to your peace my friend." She saluted while conjuring a flower-plant decorated with intricate trimmings of Slytherin colors on top of Severus Snape's mount. "Peace Lily plant." Harry remarked. The hairs at Hermione's nape rose as Harry's breathless utterance cut across the restrains. She saw a couple of those in attendance let go of tears, perhaps sensitive to the underlining significance of the plant, or perhaps the depth of the Headmistress words and poignant actions had finally flooded their