James Potter stared ahead at the brick wall standing in front of him. Muggles bustled around him, hurrying to get where ever their boring lives needed them to be at, but he couldn't stop grinning. Today would be the first day of the rest of his life. If only there would be a break in the dang people, he could actually go through the barrier! Ughh , he thought, crossing his arms. His parents were waiting on the other side of the magical pillar already, and James was struck waiting. His grin faded a little to an annoyed expression. All he wanted to do was yell, "OI, I AM TRYING TO GET SOMEWHERE!" His great day was starting to fizzle into mild aggravation. "Trying to get to the Hogwarts Express too?" Came a voice to Jame's right, he looked over to find a guy who looked around his age was leaning over his luggage. The eleven year old had shaggy black hair, dark eyes, and a cocky grin that mirrored the one James had been wearing until a minute ago. He seemed very at ease with being alone. It didn't look like he had anybody with him, or maybe his parents were waiting on the other side of the barrier just like James's. Funny, he hadn't even seen him walk over. "Yeah, you?" James asked, keeping his eyed peeled for an opening, he saw that in around ten seconds there's be a gap in people walking past. "Hold on mate, we talk in a minute, we need to go through the barrier right around..." The gap had opened and he pushed his trolley as fast as he could through the brick pillar, closing his eyes at the last possible second out of reflex. When he opened his eyes he was surrounded by swishing cloaks, suits, luggage, and lots of loud chatter. The boy glanced up at the clock and saw that he still had a decent amount of time to get on the whistling train, but decided to wait for the dark haired boy. Sure enough, he came through, instead of at a run like most people, he just sauntered through the pillars. "Hey." He told James and held out his hand, "Name's Sirius, your's?" "James Potter-" "James, what too you so long to get through?" His mum's voice questioned from behind him, and he turned to find his mum, Euphemia standing behind him. "Oh, sorry dear, I see you were with a friend." She quickly apologized after catching wind of Sirius standing there. He shrugged a little, still grinning, and flashed James an unreadable look. Was it envy? James's dad, Fleamont, soon joined his wife and walked over to James. "Ready?" All he wanted to say was: "Duh." but he figured that would earn him a scolding from his mom, which, call him crazy but he didn't want to suffer that embarrassment in front of his future classmates and their family. "Yeah." He simply replied, finding himself smiling out of anticipation again. His mum walked over and tried to sweep his unmanageable messy hair out of his face and pushed his circular glasses up his nose a little. "Good luck James, I love you." She told him, kissing his forehead before she stepped away. Instead of trying to straighten his hair, he dad ruffled it up more earning a sigh from his wife, and he smiled at his son. "Have fun. Write if you need anything, alright?" "I know, I know. Love you guys too." James told him, his face burning a little. He didn't need coddling, he was eleven, he was growing up and wished his parents saw that. Plus, from his few words with Sirius, he figured the boy wouldn't let him live it down. He waved and walked over to the train, Sirius quick to follow. "Sorry about that." James apologized, wanting to kick his trolley out of embarrassment. Sirius on the other hand just shrugged again. "It's alright, it's nice to see. My mum didn't even come to see me off, dropped me off at the front of the station with nothing more than a 'Don't disappoint me.'." Sirius rolled his eyes, frowning as he eyes fell. "Lovely woman, my mum. Really gives the Black family a good reputation." The Black family ? James thought, his eyes narrowing. He had heard of them before, his parents grumbling about a dark wizarding family. Pureblooded, naturally. Funny, he never heard anybody mention that they had a son. "You're a first year right?" James asked, and Sirius nodded in rely. "That's a relief, I'll actually know somebody in our year." James said, punching Sirius's shoulder as they arrived at the train and hauled their luggage into one of the cars. They looked for an empty compartment and found one towards the back of the train. When they finally had their things all shoved up in the racks above the seats, James flopped down onto the soft cushions. The dark haired boy sat down across from him, leaning on the arm cushions in a relaxed way. "About what you said with the knowing somebody in your year. That's probably going to be it. Odds are I'll be put in Slytherin." James looked over at him, raising an eyebrow. "And do you want to be in Slytherin?" He didn't frankly care about Slytherin, he didn't like what he had heard about them, and new how most of them turned out. Bad. "I'm supposed to-" "Do you, or do you not?" James asked, sitting up as he swung his legs onto the ground, he pulled out his wand from his jacket and twirled it absentmindedly in between his fingers. "Not really." Came his friend's voice after a minute of silence. James nodded and little and pointed his wand at him, "Then you probably won't be put in. The Sorting Hat would be a prick if it put you in there." Things tended to be black and white with James. Either you liked something, or you didn't. You wanted to be put into a house, or you didn't want to be put into a house. Yes. Or no. James was just about to say something else when there came a quiet knocking at the door to their compartment. A scrawny boy with light brown hair, a bit better kept than James, wearing shabby robes was standing at the door. "Um...I couldn't find any other compartments, mind if I sit in here?" The kid's voice shook a little, it didn't take a genius to see that the guy was shy and a little awkward. Sirius looked over at James as if to see if it was alright. James tapped the empty seat next to him with his wand and smiled at him. "Join the party." A minute later, after helping the kid put his surprisingly light luggage up above them, James looked at their new companion. "So what's your name?" "Remus Lupin." "Sirius Black." Sirius gave a nonchalant one-handed wave. Finally James introduced himself, grinning at Remus. "And I'm James Potter." "You two seem close, how long have you been friends?" Remus asked, sitting down, looking stiffer than a board. If the kid was strung up any tighter, James could played him like a violin. Either Remus had major anxiety, had a secret, or slept uncomfortably last night which severely ruined how he acted around people. Something told him it wasn't the latter option. The pair, Sirius and James, laughed. James shook his head. "We seriously met fifteen minutes ago." "Oh. You guys just seemed so comfortable around each other I thought...ah, nevermind." Remus said, shaking his head as there was a loud whistle. If anybody hadn't got on the train, out of the window, James could see that people were down sprinting to catch the train. Kids waved out of the window to their parents who were standing while they watched their child leave. None of the boys in the compartment seemed to be too concerned about leaving their families. It wasn't that James hated his parents, on the contrary, he loved them. They could be a little overbearing at times, and their coddling could be suffocating. He needed to find his own way, and be his own person, and he couldn't do that if they were always there holding his hand. He knew that they were starting to realize that too, and that gave him conflicting feelings. He didn't now the full extent of Sirius's relationship with his mom, but he figured he was more than happy to get away from her. As for Remus, well, he intended to find out more about the shabby guy. "So you're a first year I take it?" James asked, and Remus nodded, "Are you guys?" Sirius rolled his eyes, "No, we're just midget seventh years." James could've reached out and touched the sarcasm dripping off of his friend's voice. Remus laughed a little, and it was only then that James noticed he had three pale scars running down the left part of his forehead and partially down his cheek. Now how in the world could an eleven year old have scars like that? "Um...do you want to ask me about something? You're staring." Remus muttered, his small smile faded. Sirius ran a hand through his hair, his eyes flicking over to Remus. "He's looking at your scars." The eleven year old's face went blank and he was silent for a little bit. "Just a bad accident, I'd rather not talk about it." Everything about the topic of scars sent up red flags, course James was still interested in what had happened. But he would tell them in his own time if at all. "Alright, fair enough." James replied, holding up a hand. A moment of silence passed, and Jame knew that if he didn't say something an oppressive silence would consume them. If there was something James couldn't stand, it was silence. He leaned forward so that he was resting his knees on his legs and he looked over at Remus. "You're a muggleborn?" He asked, and Remus looked over at James. "Half-blood. Mum's the muggle." Sirius looked up at Remus's luggage and folded his arms. "Did you get all the supplies you needed?" "I got most of what I need...parchment I'm running low on.." He muttered, rubbing the back of his neck. James noticed there were quite a few patches on his robes. A silent message passed between James and Sirius as they looked over at each other. "We're taking this guy under our wing." "Hey, I have more than enough, and if I ever need more I can write to my mum and dad." James explained to Remus, smiling over at him and Remus looked at him surprised. "No, I couldn't take your things-" He started to protest and Sirius rolled his eyes. "We aren't just going to let you go without supplies, Remus, so you might as well accept it." For a moment, Remus didn't say anything, but his eyes seemed to get glassy. Like he couldn't imagine anybody doing anything like this for him. "Thank you." Sirius waved his hand aside dismissively and looked out of the window as the train pulled off, making everybody in the cabin sway a little. "Don't thank me, odds are I probably won't even be doing half the assignments." A laugh escaped Sirius as he finally seemed to fully relax at the thought of going to Hogwarts. Remus looked out of the window at the passing families and his eyes seemed to linger on a couple towards the back of the crowd, who looked worried and nervous. A nearly inaudible sigh escaped Remus as he sat back in his chair, tapping his foot on the ground. Probably a nervous habit, James guessed. "Nervous?" He asked Remus, who looked over at him. "A little." He replied. "I don't know what house I'm going to be put into. Do you?" "I'm kind of hoping for Gyffindor."