The Prophecy - Legolas Edition by Annielle This story is an alternate universe of The Prophecy . As I was writing Children of the Prophecy, I had ideas and flashes of what the story would have been if Legolas had been the main character of the story. Many readers expressed their interest in seeing a different version, with slightly different characters and different events, and I think you will enjoy this new version. It is not necessary to read The Prophecy to follow the Legolas Edition. Although you might want to read it if you wish to see the Haldir version if you have not read already... Summary : Legolas is the elven champion described in a prophecy about the rebirth of elven heroes that will unite the people of Middle Earth and help them defeat Sauron. The Legolas version you had been waiting for! Legolas/Valerie, Thranduil, Elladan, Elrohir, Haldir, Galadriel, Celeborn, Elrond, Mithrandir, Glorfindel and a cast of original characters Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings and any of its characters. Warnings: Alternate Universe, some content not suitable for minors. Chapter 1 – Two Paths When the fiery storm and the elven champion meet, the Halls of Mandos will release the fëar of the great Scholar, minstrel, warrior, new blood in the elven lines Reborn kings, twin, warden, hope in dark times For in Men the Eldar must have faith And unite to accomplish a glorious feat before they sail to the Undying Lands Lady Galadriel was watching the surface of the silvery water in her basin, reflecting her image like a mirror, and she repeated the words of the prophecy over and over again, bringing herself in a light trance. Finally, the water became blurry, and images after images started running on the surface, showing her two completely different destinies side by side. She had difficulty following both scenarios as they were developing before her attentive eyes, but kept her gaze on the basin until the water became calm and silver again, reflecting once more her delicate features and long golden hair. Two decades before this day, Mithrandir, known as Gandalf by the non-elven people of Middle Earth, had found in the library of Minas Tirith an old parchment that had been written during the second age. It described events to come, a prophecy whose accomplishment would bring hope to the elves. All beings that fought on the side of the light were in dire need of hope, with the dark rising once more in the East. Sauron's evil spirit was back, he had built a new army of orcs in Mordor, with the Great Eye ever searching for his ring. One by one, all realms would fall under his attacks, unless Men and Elves united in order to defeat him once and for all by destroying his ring and the creatures that served him. The Lady of Light closed her eyes and grabbed the sides of the basin, breathing deeply to recover her usual calm demeanor. Finally! Finally the Valar had allowed her to see the meaning of the prophecy! For many years, she had thought the fiery storm was literally a storm of fire that an elven champion would have to survive. But the year before, she had briefly seen images of a red-haired mortal woman, and had understood that the prophecy was about a woman and an elven champion who would have children together. And today, she had completely seen what the prophecy truly meant. The woman was not in Middle Earth but lived in an entirely different world. As for the elven champion, she had debated numerous times with her mate Celeborn and their son-in-law Elrond about his identity. There were only three warriors that could be considered the champion of an elven realm: Glorfindel of Gondolin, Lord of the Golden Flower for Imladris, Haldir Finalfinion, Marchwarden of Lothlorien and Prince Legolas Thranduilion of Greenwood. But today, she only had seen two scenarios. Only two champions were truly a possibility. Each of them could accomplish the prophecy with the mortal woman. Celeborn, Elrond and Galadriel had long debated how to approach this issue in the past year, and had decided that the three warriors should be informed about their potential destiny. These revelations had been postponed until they had found the elleth that would be the mother of the reborn elves. And now, Galadriel had just realized that the elleth in question was in fact a mortal woman, living in a different world, and who would become half-elven and immortal when she was brought to Middle Earth. Which rose an entirely different and unexpected question: how would they bring this woman in Middle Earth? All these years, they had been talking about the future father of the elflings, without realizing that finding his identity was probably the simplest part of their task. Galadriel left her private garden where her mirror was located and walked to the bottom of the greatest Mallorn tree of Lothlorien. Lost in her thoughts, she climbed the stairs that were encircling the tree trunk until she reached the upper flet where the royal talan was situated. The guards at the front door bowed deeply when they saw their lady approach her talan, and so did the servants as she made her way to the private dining room. She heard Celeborn, Elrond and Mithrandir discuss how to approach Prince Legolas with the description of his possible destiny, since he lived with his father Thranduil in the caves of Greenwood, now called Mirkwood by the mortals. The Wood Elves were living in their forest, rarely gathering with the rest of their kin in Lothlorien, Imladris and the Grey Havens. In fact, it had been at least two years since there had been no communications between Greenwood and the rest of the world. "We have much more important things to discuss, my friends," she told them, sitting beside her husband. "The Valar finally showed me who the elleth is." She noted with satisfaction the dumbstruck expressions of the males sitting around the table. She thanked a servant who brought her a bowl of vegetable soup and a freshly baked piece of bread. Celeborn recovered first. "Finally!" he exclaimed. "Why the grim expression?" he asked his mate, realizing that she was not as happy as the visions in her mirror should have made her. She had been longing to see this elleth for twenty years! "She lives in another world," Galadriel replied. "Which world?" Mithrandir asked with interest. Galadriel found his question strange. He did seem surprised that she was not in Middle Earth, but once the shock had been absorbed, he was interested to know where she lived exactly, as if he just knew what to do once she disclosed that essential information to him. "Why would it matter?" Elrond asked the wizard. "The fact that she is not in Middle Earth makes this prophecy improbable! It was just an old parchment with meaningless words..." "And what if it was not? Do you think the Istari wizards have never traveled to other worlds?" Mithrandir asked with impatience. "Which world is it, my Lady?" "A place called Earth. Only men live in that world. There are no elves, no wizards, no orcs - " "I am fairly familiar with this world, my Lady," Mithrandir replied. "I have had the pleasure of going there twice in my life." "And why were we never informed of this?" Celeborn asked. "Because until today, there was no need for you to know," the wizard replied with confidence and haughtiness. "I went there for Valar business, which I cannot tell you about, as I am sure you will understand. The positive side of this," he continued, to make sure the elven lords and lady would soon forget the fact that he had had some unknown missions before, "is that I have the capability of creating portals, in which I can send people in this world and bring them back here with a few incantations." "You can bring this woman here?" Elrond asked to confirm that this unforeseen difficulty was easily fixable by the Istar. "Yes, yes." Mithrandir sat back on his chair and took out his pipe, enjoying the Old Toby weed he had bought in the Shire a few weeks before. "Now back to our prior conversation. Did the mirror show you who the father of the elflings will be?" he asked the Lady of Light. It had indeed. The mortal woman had unparallelled strength of character and open-mindedness that would have her break many elven traditions, whichever path she would take. She would have a very active role in the unification of the elven folks, and would be an ambassador for her realm, a warrior, the mother of the largest elven family in the entire history of Middle Earth. The first path, the one in which Prince Legolas was binding with her, was leading the woman towards the creation of links with mortal realms. She would spend most of her life in Greenwood, in the caverns of King Thranduil. She would turn upside down the disciplined and selfless warrior life of the prince and give him the desire to fight the darkness with even greater determination that he currently was. She would also change King Thranduil, the ever mysterious and withdrawn Elvenking. She had seen the second path better, her eyes having been naturally more drawn to the path that would be closest to herself. She had seen Haldir's life if he was the one who was going into her world and bringing her back to Lothlorien. In this path, the woman would create links with Imladris mostly. The love between Haldir and her would be passionate and without compromise. She would challenge his natural authority as Marchwarden and test his patience numerous times, having legendary fights with him, but in the end, their love would always triumph. Galadriel absolutely wanted that second path to take place. She wanted this woman to live in Lothlorien and was interested in guiding her in her many endeavors. She would be like a daughter to her. Galadriel dearly missed her daughter Celebrian who had sailed to the Undying Lands many centuries before, and her heart was enchanted with the possibility of being close to another female living under her tutelage. "It showed me two possible paths," Galadriel finally told the wizard. "It is either Haldir, our Marchwarden, or Prince Legolas. Sorry, Elrond, the elflings will not be reborn in Imladris." "That is a shame!" the lord mumbled. How he would have liked to witness the accomplishment of this prophecy as a main player! He had already pictured Glorfindel as the patriarch of a great family and himself involved in their lives with his own children, Elladan, Elrohir, Arwen and his adopted son Estel, known as Aragorn. "Both paths will end up having the same effect – the elves will unite to fight the evil rising in the East. I have foreseen young elflings, although I was not able to identify them. It was as if the Valar wanted their identity to remain secret until their birth. The woman, who will become half-elven when she arrives in Middle Earth, can be happy with both ellyn. At this point, it is a question of which champion will cooperate better with us in order to start the prophecy. Haldir is a warrior, extremely dedicated to his duty, and he appreciates his celibacy and the freedom it gives him. On the other hand, Prince Legolas lives with his father Thranduil, who has a well-known dislike for change and anything that does not meet his high standards. The king would be none too pleased to know that his only son and heir would bind with a half-elven elleth that comes from a different world. Prince Legolas is also the captain of the Greenwood forces, and spends most of his time protecting his realm with his warriors. He too, will be upset by