Title: The Nazgul Slayer Author: Annielle Summary: Elladan, Elrohir and their twin sister Elleniel were separated at a young age. Elleniel was taken by the Istar wizards and brought to Valinor to be trained to destroy the Nazguls. Centuries later, now a powerful witch-warrior, she is back in Middle Earth to accomplish her mission. Will she manage to eliminate the ringwraiths, conquer Glorfindel's heart and forgive her father Elrond? Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings and any of its characters. Warnings: Alternate Universe, some content not suitable for minors. Cast: Glorfindel, Elladan, Elrohir, Elrond, Erestor, Mithrandir Chapter 1 – The blue Istar The nights were getting colder, especially in the North. The Dunedain rangers were gathered around the fire, enjoying its warmth while they were discussing the orc attack from the previous day. Other rangers had arrived at the camp earlier, and they were eager to hear about the battle. Elladan and Elrohir were sitting a little away from the fire, as elves were not feeling cold like mortals did. When he was done settling his men, their brother Estel came to sit beside them. The twin brothers greeted the Dunadan that had been raised in Imladris by their father Elrond. The elves were calling him Estel, the rangers called him by his birth name Aragorn, while the rest of Middle Earth knew him as Strider. "I am happy to find you here," Estel whispered to them. "I have to tell you about a strange encounter I made in Bree about a month ago. I was staying at the Prancing Pony, sleeping quietly in my room, when I suddenly woke up and felt the urge to go in the forest. It was an irresistible pull, I had never felt such a thing before." "Were you able to resist it?" asked Elrohir, wondering how strong Estel's mind had been against this strange pull. "Absolutely not! An hour later, I was walking deep in the forest, until I saw a cloaked figure in a small clearing. Welcome, Aragorn, son of Arathorn, the person told me in Westron. As I got closer, I realized I was facing a powerful wizard. He was radiating magic, the magic that had called me in that clearing and was keeping me from leaving or attacking him. I have since then determined, after much thinking on the events, that I had met a blue Istar." "A new blue Istar arrived in Middle Earth?" replied Elladan. "Radagast the Brown and Gandalf the Grey did not mention it the last time we saw them. Are you sure?" "Positive. Although I have not seen the wizard's face, his stature and voice led me to believe this Istar has not taken the shape of an old man like the others. But it was a blue Istar, I can swear it. He gave me a missive, and I saw his hand was glowing blue when he gave it to me. This was certainly due to the magic he used to lure me there. The sealed missive itself was glowing blue, full of enchantment." "What was the missive about?" "I do not know. It was magically sealed, the wizard told me. Only its recipients can open it." "Who are the recipients?" "You!" replied Estel, taking the missive out of his tunic where he had been keeping it in the past month. Elladan and Elrohir watched the missive in amazement. Estel was right, there was a light blue glow to it. They looked at each other for a second before Elladan extended his hand and took it from Estel's. Immediately, the missive stopped glowing. He broke the seal, and started reading the letter, his brother Elrohir reading over his shoulder. Estel watched them as their faces became white, then red. Elrohir looked like he was going to fall, and Elladan steadied him before it actually happened. They both sat there, in silence, frozen, incapable of any movement. Estel took the letter from Elladan's hand, but the writings immediately disappeared. "I knew it! Finally!" Elrohir said to his twin after a few minutes. "After all these centuries of separation, we will..." Elladan put his hand on his mouth to stop him from finishing his thought. "Estel, thank you for bringing this missive to us. I am afraid we have to leave immediately." "Will you not tell me what this is about?" asked Estel, worrying for his adoptive brothers. "One day we will, but it is not possible at the moment. Do not worry for us, brother, you have brought us good news." Elrohir started gathering their weapons and various belongings while Elladan got their horses ready. The Rangers looked at them with surprise, wondering why the elves were leaving them so abruptly, but their leader Aragorn silenced them with his hand. They watched as he accompanied his elvish brothers to the forest line, and gave them his farewells. Lord Elrond was on the balcony of his private apartments, watching Imladris as it settled for the night. Most of the houses were now dark, indicating that their inhabitants were asleep. In his own palace, the servants were finishing their duties, and most guests were in the Hall of Fire, where minstrels were still playing music. Elrond had retired for the night early, restless and anxious for a reason he could not explain. It had started a few days ago, when his sons had arrived in Imladris months earlier than expected. Their orc chasing mission with the northern rangers, that had been supposed to last until the following spring, had been cut short and they did not give him any explanations. They were strangely distant with their family and friends. Elrond had asked the commander of his guard, who had been their mentor in weapon training, to see if he would be more successful. Glorfindel could only confirm Elrond's suspicions. The twins were hiding something, something important, but they would not tell anyone. Elrond had asked Glorfindel to watch his sons closely, and to report anything irregular. Elrond was about to go back in his bedroom when he saw two cloaked figures run from his house to the forest line. His sons. He recognized their gaits, their Lorien bows tied on their backs, and the closeness they shared when they moved together. When they disappeared in the woods, another cloaked figure left his house. Elrond smiled with satisfaction. This time, he had recognized the figure of Glorfindel and his golden hair coming out of the hood. He had no doubt his commander would bring him answers in the morning. Glorfindel knew the twins' tracking skills were outstanding. They would hear or see him is he got too close, and so he followed them from at great distance. He lost their trace twice. These elflings will not get rid of me so easily, he thought. Glorfindel had been born in the first age, had died following his victorious fight against a balrog, earning his name The Balrog Slayer , and had been reembodied in the second age. Few elves of Middle Earth were as venerable and full of wisdom as he was, and the twins, although almost three millennia old, were still elflings to him. He finally found them. They were on the river bank, pacing as if waiting for something to happen at that exact spot. Glorfindel hid behind a bush, on a hill located on the other side of the river. He settled down and started waiting like his former pupils. After an hour, he saw movements in the trees nearby where the twins had finally decided to sit. They had seen it too, and stood with their bows, ready for an attack. A single figure finally appeared, another cloaked warrior. Glorfindel could see his bow and the hilt of his sword. The new warrior did not draw his weapons, and simply watched the twins, who eventually dropped their bows. Glorfindel could not believe what happened next. Elrohir started walking towards the new warrior, and crushed him against his chest. Elladan shortly followed, pushing his brother aside and taking the newcomer in his arms. Elves accepted sexual preferences without any judgement. Like most of his kin, Glorfindel had had both male and female lovers in his long existence. But not Elladan and Elrohir. As far as he could remember, the twins only had had female lovers in the past. Seeing them with a warrior was a first, but was it enough to justify this secrecy? They had no reason to be ashamed. The newcomer was the same height than the twins, but was less solidly built. He had his back to Glorfindel, who could not see his face, but his hair was raven black like the twins. Glorfindel decided to watch a little more, and if things were getting too hot by the river, he would give them some privacy. The trio sat and started talking animatedly, all three holding hands incessantly and touching their faces as if making sure they were real. It lasted for hours. Glorfindel could not hear a word, and was getting bored. He was about to leave them be when the trio stood and started gathering their weapons. They stood facing each other, obviously hesitating on how to say farewell. Once again, Elrohir was the first to move. He took the warrior's face in his hands, and kissed his lips softly. The kiss quickly became deep and feverish. During that time, Elladan had moved to the back of the warrior, and was caressing his shoulders and kissing his ears. Elrohir moved away, and Elladan took the warrior's mouth too. Glorfindel was aroused by the view, and remembering to give them privacy, started to leave when he realized the trio had separated, and that the twins were leaving to go back to the city. The warrior watched their departure, and when they were out of sight, he turned to where Glorfindel was hiding. Can he see me? he wondered. The warrior went back to the forest where he had come from, and Glorfindel was able to leave his cover. He walked back to the city distractedly, wondering if he should report this to Lord Elrond or not. He stopped dead in his track when he saw the point of an arrow right in front of his nose. "Who are you? Why are you following the sons of Elrond?" asked a threatening voice. Glorfindel watched in amazement as the warrior that Elladan and Elrohir had met was now facing him, still cloaked. "Are you deaf or a simpleton?" he asked again. Glorfindel had heard the twins ask this question numerous times to their enemies, and he wondered how well this stranger knew them. "I am Glorfindel of Gondolin, Commander of the Imladris guard." "The Balrog Slayer in person? Lowering himself to the role of spy? I would be ashamed if I were you." Under the disapproval, Glorfindel blushed with anger. Who was this ellon to judge him so hastily? A bird cried in the night, and the warrior dropped his guard for half-a-second. This was enough time for Glorfindel to take control of the situation. He punched the warrior hard in the stomach, and pushed him to the ground, where he crushed him under his weight. The hood had fallen, and Glorfindel realized he had attacked a female, before he got violently projected against a tree, hitting his head hard. When he regained consciousness, he was tied to said tree. He tried to free himself, but the rope became tighter. "It is enchanted," said a voice behind him. "The more you struggle, the tighter it gets." Glorfindel immediately stopped moving. The female walked around the tree and stopped in front of him. Now that he had seen her face once, she had dropped her hood. Glorfindel watched her features eagerly. He had not imagined what he had seen before. She was a female version of the twins. Same eyes, same features, but with a feminine touch. Glorfindel always had thought Elrond's