Children of the Prophecy by Annielle Summary: This is the sequel of The Prophecy . The Marchwarden's family now lives in the Undying Lands and the elflings are growing into adulthood. Returning memories, impatient families and mates, powerful twin sisters... Who said Valinor was a land of peace and everlasting happiness? I strongly recommend reading The Prophecy before reading its sequel. The first story describes how elven heroes were released from the Halls of Mandos to be reborn in the family of Haldir, Marchwarden of Lothlorien and his wife Valerie, a woman that came from another world to accomplish great deeds... Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings and any of its characters. Warnings: Alternate Universe, some content not suitable for minors. Cast: mainly Haldir, Oropher, Ereinion Gil-galad, Elros, Elladan, Elrohir, Erestor, Legolas, Galadriel, Elrond, Celebrian and Glorfindel with a cast of original characters Chapter 1: May the Valar decide New Imladris, 3 rd year of the Fourth Age by Gondor reckoning Valerie stopped her horse to have a good look at the small city that was under construction and smiled with pride. To her, this was her city. Everywhere she looked, houses were being build, strategically positioned around the main manor that would become Lord Elrond's residence. The vast mansion would eventually have two aisles, but for now, only the left wing was almost completed. Valerie had convinced the lord that it would be best to proceed in two phases, to allow the workers to build lodging for their lord and his guests, but also the house of the citizens. In a few years, once the majority of the elves had permanent lodging, they would build the second aisle. The plan was also to build a new royal talan in the nearby forest for Lady Galadriel, and many more telain for the Galadhrim that wanted to remain with their Lady and Lord, once Celeborn finally arrived in Valinor. The trees in the forest were nowhere near as big as the Mallorn trees of Lothlorien. There were some Mallyrn in Valinor, but none were close to the location of Lord Elrond's new realm. The construction of Lady Galadriel's little town was requiring many adjustments to their plan due to the characteristics of the forest. The elves involved in the building of the city were living in a temporary camp. Lord Elrond was spending many days a week there, but every now and them would go to Tirion where Lady Celebrian was residing until their residence would be ready. Lady Celebrian, despite her best efforts, had not been able to live at the camp and was staying in town with Lady Galadriel. Thomas was staying with the ladies in Tirion, as their circle of friends were very fond of his music. Nimmel, Haldir's mother, was sharing her time between Tirion and the camp, and she was the one who was taking care of her grandchildren when Haldir, Valerie and Adam were busy in the new realm being built. Adam, now 18 years old and considered an adult, was following his ada like a shadow. But Oropher, Gil-galad, Finalfin and the twins were staying with Nimmel and visiting the site regularly. The day before, Valerie had received a missive from her mother-in-law in which Nimmel had been hinting that Narwen was misbehaving and was in dire need of parental scolding. Valerie, who was already grateful that she could spend a lot of time on the construction site due to Nimmel's help had decided to take the matter in hand and had decided to keep Narwen with her for a few weeks. Narwen would miss her twin sister Norin, but she had missed her mother very much and had purposely made her grandmother's life a living hell to ensure she would be sent back to her parents. Punishment was worth it if it meant spending time with them. Valerie had just arrived from Tirion, her daughter sitting in front of her on her horse, and Narwen screamed in delight when she saw the progress of the construction. That was when Valerie had stopped her horse to contemplate the project of her life. Yes, she really could be proud of their collective accomplishment of the past two years. The ellyn working on the first houses after the main gate bowed when they saw the lady that was in charge of the construction site. Some of them smiled when they saw the little brat sitting in front of her mother. Narwen, at 5 years old, had quite a reputation already. Her pranks had been cataloged and were regularly mentioned by the workers during meals and around the evening bonfires. Valerie dismounted, and guided her horse through the streets, stopping here and there to talk to the workers. She got to the main tent where the architect, Lord Eriston, was working on the plans of a house with Haldir. This residence had been the cause of many altercations between the two mates. It was being built for a lord living in Valimar who had decided to move in Elrond's new realm, and in one of the best locations at that. The size of this future house would make it one of the biggest homes of New Imladris. Why Haldir was helping an ellon she had never met to build a huge house was greatly annoying her, and she vocalized her displeasure regularly, even in front of Lord Eriston. "Lady Valarie!" Lord Eriston yelped, rolling the plans in a hurry and putting them in a drawer of his desk, trying to avoid a fight. "We were expecting you much later!" "Good morning, meleth nin – my love ," Haldir said with an angelic smile. He did not have time to continue when Narwen threw herself in his arms, and he caught her just before her head hit the side of the desk, avoiding the first catastrophe of the many to come in a regular day for his daughter. "Ada!" His welcome to his youngest daughter was less pleasant, as she soon realized. "Mae govannen, young Lady," he said with a stern look as he put her back on her feet, not keeping her in his arms as she had expected. "I was extremely displeased to hear of your behavior in the past week." Narwen was by far their less disciplined child, even beating Oropher with the abundance and severity of her pranks. Lord Eriston watched the little elleth who was wearing leggings like her mother. Without a doubt, they used to belong to the young Lord Finalfin. He could understand why Lady Valarie was wearing leggings on the construction site, but her daughter? Narwen suddenly looked at him with a frown. "I always tear my dresses when I play. This is why my naneth allows me to wear Finalfin's old leggings." An awkward silence followed, as Valerie glared at the architect. Lord Eriston cleared his throat, and deciding that escaping was the best option, he left the tent, mumbling that he would go see the progress of the flooring in the manor's second floor. "This is just another thing that annoys people, Narwen," Valerie told her daughter with severity. "An elleth like you should not be wearing ellon's clothing. But you give us no choice!" If only she was as reasonable as Norin! Valerie thought. Narwen glared at her mother. "I am not Norin, and I will never be!" she declared with an outrage that was almost comical for one so young. On this last sentence, Narwen left the tent, eager to leave the adults that would never understand her. "It is getting harder and harder to guard our thoughts around her," Haldir said as he tried to comfort his mate. Narwen's mind reading capabilities were astounding, even greater than Lady Galadriel's. "Can you imagine what it must feel like to hear all these thoughts around you at all times? And some being negative about yourself?" asked Valerie. "Truthfully, Val, if she was behaving like a proper little elleth, she would only hear praises about her." "I know! What are we going to do with her?" "Survive another 45 years before Elladan takes her off our hands!" Haldir said to make her smile. "Are you sure he will still want her once he gets to know her?" she jested. "If he is really her mate, then he will find a way to tame that wild elleth! After all, I tamed you, didn't I? I successfully domesticated the worst pig-head of all Middle Earth and Valinor." "Look who is talking! How many times have I asked you to halt the construction of that house you are building against my will? You are using my best building materials, many workers who could work on the houses of the other citizens, you even monopolized the gardeners for a week to have a garden in the middle of the house, like this is some Roman domus!" "But this is exactly what Eriston and I are doing. We drew the plans based on a drawing in one of your history books," he informed her with a smile, knowing she would react to this information. Valerie snorted, thinking she should have left the history books with Emily in Middle Earth. "I think you should stick with being a soldier and leave the construction management to me." "But if I do, you will build this house last, and my friend Ionor needs it soon. It is very important to him, and I want to accommodate him as much as possible." "Why soon? Your friend has a house in Tirion! Why you think this is an emergency is beyond me and makes me question your sani..." Valerie stopped, knowing she had been about to say something she would eventually regret. She took a deep breath, and looking at Haldir seriously, she decided to drop the matter. Obviously, Lord Eriston and Haldir would proceed with or without her help. "Haldir, I am tired of fighting about this house. I will never again say a word about it – and don't you dare ask me for advice or help. This is your little project, I have a bigger fish to fry." "Thank you," Haldir replied simply, happy to see that Valerie would let him do as he pleased. He understood that Valerie had been under a lot of pressure in the past two years, and it would be so for another year or so, before at least there were enough houses built to have most of the former Imladris elves and Galadhrim stop living with their Valinor relatives. The goal was to share houses for a few more years after that, as additional houses would be built at a slower rate in the following 5 years. "What are you planning to do today?" he asked to change the subject. "First, I have to find your daughter. Only the Valar know where she is right now. Then, I will go check the progress of the second watermill. I will go in the forest to see the telain that are being built. I think we will start the royal talan in 6 months. I also need to ensure that we will have enough white stones to complete the south wall of Lord Elrond's manor. I think I might have to go visit King Fingon soon to ask for more." "I will need more white stones for the doric columns of Ionor's house..." Haldir stopped when he saw Valerie's expression. "But I can wait a few weeks. You should bring Gil-galad with you when you visit King Fingon. They would be pleased to see their son." Valerie blanched at his words. It was still difficult for her to deal with the fact that in Valinor, some ellith were the real mothers of the sons she considered hers. "Val... we have talked about this. You are the naneth of our children for now. And when they will have their past memories, they will still remember us and the half-century