Two vampire lovers know they are not each other true mates. One even knows specifically who her true mate is, but doesn't let him know because of her lust for her lover. She has also knows and revealed this information to her lover about his mate, but they both decided to stay with one another until they can no longer fight the mating pull. However, they don't realize that time may be running out….. No copyright infringement intended against Stephanie Meyers her Twilight… "Bella, I love you. Will you marry me?" I am shocked and elated all at the same time. I knew we were getting close, and I too admit I have fallen in love with Edward. But, will he still want me once he knows the truth? "Edward, before I answer you there are some things I must tell you. Then, if you still want to marry me, I will give you my answer." "Okay, Bella." "Please, Edward, don't interrupt until I am finished. Okay? I promise I will answer any questions you have." "Go ahead, Bella, I will listen." Bella blows out a deep breathe, "Edward…. well damn, can I just show you?" "How? I can't see past your shield." "Well, I've been practicing. You see, I don't think I can find the words to tell you all I need to say." He just gave Bella a head nod, and she could see the elation in his eyes. He has always wanted to be able to read her mind. Bella held his hand, and let her mind drift back to the day all this began, 54 years ago. …..Flashback…..1950 " I am so excited," Bella thought. "I have been following the pull of my mate now for the last 60 days, and I feel him so close. I know he's just beyond these trees." She shields herself since she doesn't want to overwhelm him with the strength of the mating pull. "I come upon a house nestled deep in the woods of the Denali Forest. There, I see a coven of ten vampires all standing on the back porch, greeting two vampires. One is a small pixie-like vampire, and the other has blond curly hair that hangs right above his chin. His eyes are a muddy-red, and he is breathtaking! Right away, I know he is my mate. It's hard to contain myself! After all, I have looked for him for over 50 years, and now I have finally found him." After they converse for another few minutes, the bronze-haired vampire offers to take the new vampires hunting. By now, I know they are Alice and Jasper. I keep my distance, following them while they all hunt. Once they are finished hunting, Alice and Jasper tell the bronzed-hair one, whose name is Edward, they will meet him at the house. When Edward is out of range, I am shocked and deeply hurt by what I see next. Alice literally pounces on Jasper, ripping his shirt off, and forcefully pulling his pants down. Then, she strips! Alice and Jasper have very primal, rough sex. I am frozen! I cannot believe what I am seeing! My heart is breaking into a million pieces! Yet, I choose to hold onto the fact that Jasper knows nothing about me, and once I make myself known, we can be together. Once they are finished, they lay on the ground in each other's embrace. I am just about to interrupt and let my shield down, when Jasper speaks, " Alice?" " Hmmm," she answers. Jasper continues, "Why don't you just tell Edward he is your mate?" What? Bella is appalled. Why is she having sex with Jasper? " Because, I don't have to," Alice replies. "My mate, Edward, is a prude and doesn't believe in having sex before marriage. Even if I were to tell him now, it would still be a few years before the bond would be consummated after he finally found his primal, instinctual desires to claim me. I enjoy having sex way too much to wait for him!" Beside you know the female has to allow the male to approach, as she can only put herself in his vicinity and with you being an empath, we can always tell Edward should he feel the pull that it is just you projecting your feelings of the mate pull you feel towards me. Jaspers chuckles you're a devious little pixie. She rolled over and faced Jasper. "But, what about you? You said you felt the pull to your mate even today. Why not follow the pull and go to her?" " Well, I guess for the same reason. You did tell me she's a virgin, and even though you cannot see her, you know she will keep herself until she meets me. And, I enjoy fucking you and will get a kick out of fucking you right under same roof as your true mate!" " Jazz, you're so bad." Takes one to know one darling! " How are you going to explain this to Edward, when he finally finds out about you being his mate?" " I'll just tell him that I only saw your face, which is true. So, I believed you were my true mate, and I thought his and my closeness was only a brotherly bond." " So, you and Edward will be close?" " Yes, very close! How else am I going to keep him from giving his virginity to another? That belongs to me, and me alone." Alice growled out. " Yeah, but you gave your virginity to me Alice, why?" " Because I didn't want my first time to be with someone without experience, like Edward, and who better to lose your virginity too than an empath, like you?" " Now, less talk. Come and show some more of those skills, cowboy." …...Edward yanks his hands away from mine, and lets out a roar. He begins tearing down trees in all his fury. I know he feels angry, hurt and rejected. To know that you have been living in the same house of your true mate and they chose another over you every day for the last 50 years. I want to comfort him but I know he needs to get this aggression out. I remember how it felt to know Jasper felt me near but had no real desire to come and find me. It took many years to come to terms with the pain and rejection, it was hard to not allow myself to truly become a woman scorned. I could have allowed myself to exact revenge, which is what most vampires would do. I know to some vampires they love and dislike the mating pull, some don't like having someone chosen for them, it makes them feel like they have not control and fight it. Or some can be like Jasper and Alice just plain selfish. Edward is no longer in my line of vision but I see the destruction he has caused, again I don't blame him. I let my mind wander back to the dreadful day….. I couldn't watch anymore and left, sobbing, my eyes filling with venom tears that never drop. "How can they be so selfish, so callous?" I am so angry! I want to go back and rip them both to shreds, but I know I cannot hurt my mate, so I go to the person in whom I know I can find solace. I call my maker, my sire, the one I know will always love and choose me. He will put none before me, except his mate." With shaky hands Bella dials her sire's number, "Isabella! What a pleasant surprise!" " Padre!" she croaks out. " Mia figlia che cosa c'e che' e' sbagli?" (My daughter, what's wrong?). " Padre, ho trovato il mio compagno." (Father, I found my mate). " Splendida, Isabella, ma perche' piangi?" (Wonderful, Isabella, but why are you crying?). " O, Padre! O, Padre! Singhiozzo ad alta voce tutto il mio corpo tremante a cause della rottura del mio cuore." (Oh, father! Oh, father! I sob loudly! My whole body is shaking due to the breaking of my heart). " Isabella, come home please," my father pleads. I whisper out, "yes," and hang up. Bella arrived at the airport and took their private jet back to her safe haven, her home. Once she arrived her father met her alone. For that she was grateful. He took her in his arms, and let her just cry out tearless sobs while cooing words of love and encouragement. When she finally calmed down and explained all that happened her father became enraged. He wants to hunt Jasper down, bring him here, and torture him for his dishonor, his disrespect of the true mate bond. Once he calmed down, he asked, "So, mia figlia (my daughter), what do you want to do?" " Father, I don't want him! It would have been one thing if he didn't know of me. I know not many take the same view point as I do about sex. I know in our world wanting to hold on to one's virtue until they meet their true mate is rare. But, father, I could never trust him. He knows of my existence and does not care….. …..I am brought out of my thoughts by Edward's touch to my face. I look into his eyes and they are so torn, "Bella," he barely whispers, "please tell me our relationship has not been a lie?" I grab his face with my palms, "No, no, no, Edward! I meant everything I said to you. I have never lied to you except for omitting the information about Alice and Jasper." "So, when you said you couldn't kiss or have sex until marriage, was that just because of Jasper?" "Yes and no! Yes, I really do feel that way, I feel one should only give their body to their mate. Even if Jasper was not with Alice, I would still have requested us to be married before we consummated our union. The other reason was I knew I would tell you the truth eventually, and if you decided to pursue Alice, I did not want to feel like you gave something away that should have gone to your mate. I did not want to you feel like I used you." Edward rested his forehead against hers, "Oh, my Bella, why couldn't you be my true mate?" "Well, Edward, I can't be your true mate, but we can be each other's copagni scelti." His brows crinkle, "chosen mates?" He asks, "What do you mean?" "Here let me show you," I say…..and….. I think back to the conversation I had with my father and what he told me. " Well, my daughter, if you truly wish to not claim your true mate, it will be a difficult road. You will have to continue to be alone for another 50 years, and you must not have sex with anyone. You must go into insolation for 40 years, and then must spend 10 years allowing yourself to view your mate being with the other woman. The only reason you need to isolate yourself is because you know of his existence and have seen him. And because of that your resolve would crumble and you would give in and allow yourself to be claimed by him, regardless of the hurt and pain you currently feel. However, if you were to go into isolation and if he should continue to not look for you're the mating bond will continue to weekend being it has not been consummated. If you never knew of his existence you would simply just have to have knowledge of him choosing another instead of you, which you now already know. Then, if you were to meet someone you wish to choose as your mate, you would only have to simultaneously mark each other while consummating the bond to