Hello my fellow fan fic readers and writers. I know I have been MIA. I thank you all for your comments, fav, and follows. I am trying to finish all my incomplete stories, so look for those in the near future I hope fingers crossed... This is just a cute fluffy one shot, I hope you enjoy... Disclaimer: No copyright infringement intended, characters associated with Twilight belong to Stephanie Meyers. The rest belong to Manasseh fan fiction. The years have gone by and Bella and I have become so close. I'm still so madly in love with her! She went off to college for a few years, and has moved back. She's an English teacher at the Reservation's Elementary School. She has helped to create so many programs that have helped the tribe tremendously. They have greatly improved our educational system for the tribe's children. Bella even coordinated with the council to create a unique program for the wolf pack, so we could get an education as well, via the internet. We have all gone to college online and earned our degrees. She also helped the pack research funding for whatever business endeavors we desired. My desire was to own my own auto shop. I went into business with Embry and Quil. Bella even partnered with Sue and Emily to open a restaurant. They all love to cook! Sam's construction business has flourished with Bella's help. Everyone has grown very close with Bella. I am no longer teased for being in love with the pale face, and my pack members, mainly Paul, no longer refer to her as the leech lover. She has earned the respect of my people and my pack. It has been six years since I phased to wolf, but I have not imprinted. My pack has been rooting for me to finally win Bella over. A few members try to get my permission for them to try and date her, but I refused. I know Bella will eventually be mine! Sam even said that the bond I have to Bella is just as strong as an imprint, and he is starting to believe I will not imprint. I sure hope so, because my hormones are going wild. It wasn't hard not to have sex with others, because Bella is still such a strong presence in my life. Even when she went away to college, we saw each other every holiday and school break, whether she came home or I went there. I thought about having sex at one time, I mean, come on, I am a man and one who turns into a wolf. Our sex drive is through roof. But my wolf feels strongly for Bella, as well. We both feel pride when someone calls her ours and gives praises at how much she has done and helped our tribe. Tonight, Bella invited me over to her place for dinner and she asked me not to bring any of the pack, just myself. I sure hope that's a good sign that she is finally giving into her feelings for me! God, I hope so because my wolf and I really are in love with Bella Swan. I'm getting even more excited about seeing her tonight! I started cleaning up the shop early and putting all the equipment away. I take a quick shower and get dressed, but just as I'm locking the door, I hear someone walk up behind me. "Hello, Jacob!" Turning around, I look into the eyes of none other than Vanessa Scott. No! I feel the imprinting bond taking place! My wolf and I become enraged, and I let out a growl once we realized what has happened. No! No! No! No! Absolutely, NO! This cannot be! I don't want Vanessa! I want Bella! Vanessa has a big smile on her face as she asks, "Jacob, did you just imprint on me?" "Yes!" I grit out, and she throws herself at me. For me, I relish in her embrace, but my wolf does not, so I push her off of me. "I have to go Vanessa," and I push past her to my truck. I hear her call at me, "Ok, Jake, I'll see you later! Go on, run, and tell the Swan chick that you're mine now!" I jumped in my truck and slammed the door so hard the glass shattered. Vanessa looks shocked, as I throw the truck in drive. At first, I thought about cancelling my dinner with Bella, but scratch that and decide to go anyway. I don't want to be imprinted on Vanessa. She has always had a crush on me and used to follow me all around. I never liked her because she had the worst attitude and was extremely selfish. She took joy in hurting other people, even as kids. She moved away right before I phased. Why the fuck did she have to move back now? Well, I am going to fight it! I want Bella, no, I need Bella! She is the most important woman in my life. No one can come before her. I feel a slight pull when I think that, but my wolf is in agreement with it. I pulled up to Bella's house. She lives on our land, but about five miles away, more back in the forest and closer to the beach. Dad gave her permission to build a house there. I sit in the truck for a minute so I can catch my breath. I really feel like fucking crying right now! I know Bella will be happy for me, but I'm not. I got out and let myself into her house, and I am shocked at what I see. The lights are turned down low, and soft music is playing in the background. I walk further into the dining room, and the table is set and there are lit candles on the table. But, what has my heart beating out of my chest is Bella! Her back is to me, and it is bare! She has on what appears to be a halter dress that is open all the way down to the top of that glorious ass of hers. Her hair is loose, but she has it over one shoulder. Bella turns and looks at me, giving me the most beautiful smile I have ever seen. "Jake, you're here!" she says. She walks over to me, knits her fingers behind my neck, and gives me kiss. No, not just any kiss, but the most passionate kiss I have ever had! It was the kiss I have only had with Bella in my dreams. Well, I forgot about everything else and kiss her back, deepening the kiss. My god, she tastes so fucking good, so sweet! My wolf is purring with great satisfaction. I feel myself grow extremely hard, so I pull her closer to me so she can feel what she is doing to me, and she moans into my mouth! What the fuck! Bella Swan, the woman of my fucking dreams, is moaning for me, FOR ME! She pulls back, and I reluctantly release her. Then, she says what I have been waiting to hear forever! "Jake, I am in love with you! Make me yours, Jake. Make love to me! Let us be each other's first. I love you, Jacob Black, and I don't care what we need to do, but I want to be with you for however long or short of time we may have. I give myself to you fully, Jake! You have parts of me that no man will ever know, mentally and emotionally. Now, I want you to have all of my body, which no man has ever known." I feel my wolf push forward and take over. I swoop her up in my arms bridal style and carry her to the bedroom. I see candles lit all around. I am so fucking ecstatic right now! I put her down and embrace and kiss her again. I want to make slow, passionate love to her, but my wolf is not having soft and gentle right now. I am struggling with that, and start to shake. I want our first time to be special, and I don't want to hurt her. As if she can read my mind, Bella says, "Jacob, don't fight it! Just let go! You and your wolf can take me however you want." My wolf growls in satisfaction and I feel my eyes switch to that of my wolf. I rip her dress from her body and she's wearing a black thong. I rip that off too! I scoop her up again and lay her down on her bed. "God, Bella! You are so fucking beautiful! Your skin looks amazing under candle light!" I look into her eyes. She looks back at me with so much love and devotion. "I love you, Jake! Make me yours." I kiss her deeply, letting my tongue sweep through every part of her mouth. I trail my hands down her body, and grab and caress her right breast while my other hand is in her silky soft hair. I tweak her nipples as they are already nice and hard. I smell her arousal release from her, and I breathe in deep. She smells so fucking good! I can't believe her pureness and her innocence are all mine, all fucking mine! I take a breast in my mouth. Man, she tastes so good! Her skin is so soft and smooth! I pay equal attention to the other breast, as I kiss my way down her body, licking, sucking, and nipping at her skin. We love the marks we're making on her. Oh, the moans and groans she lets out! I reach her center and inhale deeply before I take a long lick from bottom to top. I feel my face shift to that of my wolf's snout, and my wolf tongue comes out and licks her hard and fast. She quickly approaches her climax, so I insert my fingers and caress her inner walls to help bring her to finish. "Oh, Jake, that feels so good! I'm so close! Don't stop!" Well, "I didn't plan on stopping," I think, but let out a growl that sends vibrations to her center and she explodes in my mouth! Releasing all of her juices I greedily lap it all up. I let none go to waste! Then, I rip my pants from me! I don't have to worry about boxers since I normally go without. I line myself up with her opening and say, "Look at me, Bella." She looks at me through her nearly closed lashes. Her face is blood-flushed from her release and her eyes are leaden with lust. "Bella, are you mine?" "Yes, Jake, yes!" With that I push in! Fuck, she is so damn tight! I reach her hymen and push through. I smell her blood! My wolf and I love that no man has ever been here before us, and no man will after us. I hold still until she gets used to me. I know she is ready as she begins to move her hips. At first I thrust slow and fluid, then, I begin to pick of the pace. My wolf is freaking the fuck out! The way Bella is moaning and mewling underneath us is driving us crazy. I pull out, flip her over on her hands and knees, and thrust back into my most favorite place, and loose myself in her. She is calling out my name, and I'm calling out her name! I pull her up by her hair and shove my tongue deep down her throat. We both moan into the kiss. I can feel her center tightening on my cock, and I know she is close to another release. I trail kisses down her neck and throat, and start licking her neck down to her shoulders. As she starts to climax