Warnings : Slight angst, fluffy + open-ended ending. Might have a sequel in the future. Also homophobia (not from any of the main characters). A/N : Thanks to candamira for the prompt idea, and the alpha help. All my thanks to icicle33 for the beta. All the remaining mistakes are mine. Disclaimer: Characters don't belong to me. This fic is written for fun. No profit is being made. Harry rolls over in bed, eyes still adjusting to the light, as he grabs for his glasses on the bed-side table. He finds the morning Prophet waiting for him. The Sunday edition. The smell of coffee spreads throughout his flat, since he always remembers to time the machine to brew an individual cup every morning. After summoning the prepared coffee into his room — because he's really a lazy bastard and it is his day off — Harry sits up on the bed and opens the paper. Same old news, different day. The Prophet is still writing about their opinions of how he quit the Aurors to help his friend's business, and how the crime rate has risen since Harry left the DMLE. It has not. He gets weekly reports from Ron. Even though they're not partners anymore, Ron likes to keep Harry in the loop. He's about to close the paper and toss it when an announcement catches his eye. There's an image of two rings resting next to each other, before the start of the article. But it's the headline that has Harry confused: Draco Malfoy to Wed Daphne Greengrass . Harry isn't sure if he's read it correctly, so he rubs his eyes and adjusts his glasses. No, he hasn't read it wrong. It does say that Draco Malfoy is engaged to one of the Greengrass sisters. The gay one. The Greengrass sisters are semi-famous in the wizarding world because of their fashion design company they started with Pansy Parkinson. He knew Astoria was courting Viktor Krum for a while and they eloped, and he also knows Daphne Greengrass had a brief fling with Luna. Luna had never mentioned Daphne being bisexual, and even though their relationship had been a secret, they were out to all of Luna's friends. Does Malfoy know about this? Does he know he's marrying a lesbian? 0-0-0 "Someone's ought to tell him!" Harry says to Hermione over lunch when they meet later that day to discuss Ron's surprise birthday party. They see each other at work every day, but this is the only time Hermione has to actually plan without any distractions. Harry almost feels sorry for bringing this up to her. "Right, Harry," Hermione replies without looking up from her planner. She checks off all the arrangements that have already been set for the party and circles the ones that still need to be taken care of. The party is still a month away but Hermione is Hermione. She started planning right after the New Year. "Maybe I should owl him," Harry says, sighing and leaning back in his chair. He crosses his arms. Hermione's head snaps up and she gives him a scrutinising look. "What?" he asks. "You want to tell Draco Malfoy he's marrying a lesbian. Via owl?" Harry shrugs. "I'll make it anonymous." Hermione shakes her head. "Why do you care?" She returns to her task but continues speaking. "You haven't seen him in years and all of a sudden you're interested in who he's going to marry? It's not like Luna's heartbroken over it. They had an amicable break up. Daphne wasn't ready to come out of the closet and Luna avoids doesn't want to live in one. " "I know..." Harry replies thoughtfully as he picks up his fizzy lemonade and sips at it through the straw. He loves meeting Hermione for lunch at The Fox & Crown: the Muggle crowd means he avoids any unwanted attention, and the unlimited lemonade refills make for an added bonus. "But don't you think he should know. I mean, when I realised I was gay, I told Ginny right away. If I hadn't, she'd never pursued a relationship with Marco; she'd still be stuck with me! I just don't—I can't let him do that. Marry someone who doesn't love him. " "How do you know she doesn't love him? Maybe she's bisexual." Hermione puts her pen down, looking ready for an argument. Harry immediately recognises that look in Hermione's eye and decides to back off. He isn't in the mood to argue. Maybe he won't do anything. He'll let Malfoy marry Daphne. Maybe all he wanted to do is talk it out. Not argue with Hermione. Again. "Maybe she is." "And don't you think if they are going to get married , that Daphne would be decent enough to be up front with Malfoy?" "Maybe." "Why don't you tell me what is this really about?" she asks; there isn't a challenge in her eye, which he'd been expecting. She looks genuinely concerned. "Maybe I'll talk to Luna..." Harry says, unsure of what else to do. He has no idea why he really cares. He just knows he needs to tell Malfoy. Make sure he isn't making a mistake. "I'll tell you what..." Hermione says, closing her planner and placing it in her handbag. "Viktor has invited Ron and I over to his place for a Pre-Valentine's Day party. It's supposed to be a small crowd, and you know how much Ron loves him..." She pauses to roll her eyes and Harry grins at her. "So why don't you come with us? You can keep Ron company and I'm certain Daphne and Malfoy will be there. " "You want me to go without a date?" Harry asks, incredulous. "Bring Ginny." "Hermione, I'm not in the closet." " Fine , bring Neville. Charlie's on the job in Romania, so Neville will be free. And it's not a 'bring a date to the party' sort of affair anyway. It's just a few friends hanging out. I'm sure other single people will be there too. " "I dunno, maybe," Harry says. He doesn't have a problem going to places without a date but being around Malfoy without a date bothers him. "I'll ask Neville if he wants to come." 0-0-0 They arrive on the doorstep of Astoria and Viktor's house at eight o'clock on Saturday, the twelfth of February. Ron's already making a face as Hermione tries to shush him, and Neville's smiling, happy to have plans for a Saturday evening even if his boyfriend is out of town. It was a bit of a surprise for all of them when Neville had come out, and even more so when Charlie had declared he was in love with Neville. "The best relationships are the ones you never see coming," Charlie had once said to Harry, and Harry still remembers how envious he'd been that the two of them found each other. And tonight, Harry feels a bit overwhelmed. He's no idea why he decided to do this. Maybe Malfoy and Daphne are in a relationship they'd not seen coming. Maybe Daphne really is bisexual and has decided being with Malfoy is better than being with Luna. Sure, the notion of telling someone the truth before they make a huge mistake sounds good in theory, but not when you're the one who has to do it. And why does Harry have to do it? Oh right, it's his own decision. Knowing Malfoy, if it were anyone else, Malfoy would probably try to behead the messenger. If it's Harry, Harry knows he can handle Malfoy. "It's not too late to back out," Hermione whispers in Harry's ear as they walk down the hallway where Viktor greets them. Astoria is standing in the corner with her sister, while Malfoy is nowhere to be seen. "Perhaps. But I reckon, it's too late to leave, though." Harry smiles at her and then grabs Neville's arm to go and get them some drinks. They all brought a bottle of wine for the party, but Harry needs something stronger. "Hi Harry." Daphne approaches him when Neville has just walked away, carrying three drinks for Ron, Hermione, and himself. "Daphne! It's good to see you," Harry says with a small smile. "Congratulations, by the way. I read in the Prophet —" "Right," Daphne says, looking awkward as her cheeks turn pink. "My mother hadn't even told us she would make that announcement. We wanted to wait—" "Wait for what?" Harry asks, curious. He hadn't meant to cut her off, but his interest is peaked. Why is she embarrassed about being engaged? Surely, that means something . "Draco isn't much for attention. We wanted to have a quiet ceremony, family only, but now we're getting all these invitations from caterers, florists, designers. It's just too much. Of course, my mother wants to go all out. After Viktor and Astoria eloped, she'd been most disappointed, and finally she has her chance to do it right. Marry her other daughter off to a pureblood family. " "Ah, I know what you mean. After George and Angelina's wedding, Molly's really been itching for Ron and Hermione to get married, or even Neville and Charlie—she wants to get her hands on wedding planning again. She only wants to do it bigger and better!" "Too bad all four of them are so low-key," she says with a longing in her tone that Harry isn't able to place. "Exactly!" Harry laughs, pretending as if he'd not noticed the inflection in her voice. "So, how is Luna?" she asks, looking sheepish. Harry's certain she's regretted asking the question as soon as it came out of her. "Daphne, I have to ask..." Harry whispers, so low, he's sure no one else can hear him. "Are you... are you bisexual?" She looks around and then gives a resigned sigh. At a moment's notice, her shoulders straighten and her chin is up. "I'm a pureblood witch, expected to marry a pureblood wizard. It's our family tradition, and I will not be the one to bring shame to my family. " Harry's eyes widen in surprise. He has no idea how to respond. Rather he simply nods and decides to walk away. 0-0-0 " Draco, are you sure this is what you want to do ?" Parkinson's voice is faint but Harry could still hear her as he walked past the bedroom in search of the loo. " I don't have much of a choice, Pansy. Not now. " Harry pauses by the door; it's cracked open slightly. He knows he probably shouldn't be listening, but he can't help himself. He's far too nosy for his own good. Especially when it comes to Malfoy. " Draco, you're gay. Don't you think it's going to come out someday— " " No. It's not. Both Daphne and I have to stay in the closet. This is why it's the right decision for us. We're getting married for the world and after a while, we'll get a divorce. It'll be fine. The world won't know any better. She and Astoria are doing great with their business, and it's simply a matter of convenience— " "Harry?" Ron's voice echoes through the quiet hallway and Harry cringes. He quickly walks away from the bedroom when Ron gives him a confused look. "What are you—" "Not now, Ron..." He grabs Ron by the arm and leads him out to the porch. When Harry's certain he's not been followed or caught, he places a privacy charm around him and tells Ron everything; his conversation with Daphne and what he's heard between Malfoy and Parkinson. "So they're both gay, and are marrying each other because of pureblood customs?" Ron shakes his head in disbelief. "Poor Daphne. " "Poor Daphne? What about Malfoy? Did you know he was gay?" Ron shakes his head. "No, but I don't really sit around thinking about Malfoy. I mean, not like you... " "What does that mean?" "Harry,