A/N : This is a story I wanted to write for quite a while. Hope you enjoy. And do let me know whether you liked it or no. If you have any suggestions, feel free to share. Thanks in advance for reading and lotsa love. xx Big shout out to my beta cat-obsessed . |: :| Rediscovered |: :| Three years after the Second Wizarding War. The young golden trio wasn't young anymore. The war changed many things but mostly the relationships. Because of the war, Ron and Hermione grew closer. But, their different characteristics caused a lot of ups-and-downs in their relationship. Ron's jealousy and his tendency to make issues out of everything, and Hermione's dominating nature caused their relationship to be called off. It was bitter but with time, they mended their friendship. Harry and Ron started working as aurors a year ago after finishing their auror trainings. Hermione began her career at the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures where she was instrumental in greatly improving life for house elves and their ilk. It was a trip to Hogsmeade to celebrate Hermione's birthday. Her twenty-second birthday. Harry, Ron and Hermione were sitting at a new restaurant called "Plaisir de l'estomac" that was owned by their friend Padma. The birthday girl was dressed in a beautiful V necked, spaghetti strapped, sleeveless, backless and ankle length pink gown. Hermione had done a loose side braid which was falling over her left shoulder. She looked absolutely drop-dead gorgeous. The trio had glasses of Pinot Noir in front of them on the table. The boys, or should we say young men, were talking about their own assignments in the auror department and their boss who had kicked the bravery out of them. Although Hermione was the brightest and calmest one, she too, fussed about how much paperwork she had to push. The three had a little chat with Padma after having their dinner. They complimented the food and atmosphere of the restaurant. After bidding goodbye to each other, they walked out of the restaurant. Harry and Ron were heading towards the apparition point when Hermione noticed something unusual. She thought that she had had a glimpse of Draco, going behind a small hut nearby. She frowned, feeling suspicious. She wanted to know what he was up to. Not wanting to bother Harry and Ron who were already worried about their work issues, she let them apparate away. After both the boys, well, young men were out of sight, Hermione swiftly followed the path Draco walked on a while ago. She reached the hut, hiding herself as much as possible. She peeped from the side of the hut to trace Draco but he wasn't there. She moved further and went inside the forest. It was dark and Hermione had forgotten to bring her wand so she narrowed her eyes, wishing to get her eyes used to the darkness to see something or some movements. As her dress was touching the ground and preventing her from walking quietly, she pulled her dress up a little and moved on. Suddenly, she saw a hazy figure in the dark that was doing something with a wand. Perhaps he was performing a curse on something, she thought. She walked closer to see and what she saw from behind a tree shocked her. It was Draco. There were four house-elves in front of him and they were covered in moved his wand over their bodies and healed their wounds. Hermione was in dilemma. She wondered what he was up to. The Draco she knew back in school wouldn't give a damn about anyone but himself. But she also hadn't met him after the war. Maybe he had grew up? It was more of a question she was asking herself. After a few minutes, the elves were all healed and Draco brought something out of his pocket. Socks. He handed one sock to each of them. "He's freeing the elves!" Hermione gasped in surprise. "You're free now, alright? Now listen to me, I'm not your master anymore. This isn't even a order but just go away. And if you still want to serve, wait untill everything in the Manor is back to normal," he said to the elves. They nodded as they had understood what he said. "Yes master!" they said in unison. Hermione was surprised to see this scenario in front of her. "It can't be Malfoy," she muttered under her breath. "Whoever he is, he must has had the polyjuice potion." By then, the house-elves had disappeared with several 'pops'. He swished and flicked his wand at a tree, made a small hole and kept a box in it. He put a safety charm around the tree and then turned back to get out of the forest. He looked around to see if anyone was there. Hermione hid herself behind the tree as he moved. He went to the other side of where she was standing. She peeped her head out from a side of the tree. Out of nowhere, she felt something cold and pointy on her shoulder from behind and shivered. Swiftly, she averted her face to the right and found a familiar figure standing, pointing his wand towards her. "Oh look who's here. The-golden-girl Granger. What are you doing here at this hour, dressed like -" he paused to find the proper adjective and decided not to complete the sentence. Instead he said, "What are you doing here Granger?" "I'm not answerable to you, Malfoy. And what if I ask you the same question? What are you doing here? You're suppose to be at...well, anywhere but here right now, isn't that correct?" she said in her I-am-the-wittiest tone. "Watch it, Granger. I'm also not answerable to you, alright?" he grounded and narrowed his eyes. "Are you...following me?" he said after observing her for few seconds. Hermione waited for a second before answering him. She was following him but she said, "Why on earth would I follow you? I have more important things to do in my life than following you." Draco was irritated by now. He held her arm roughly and hissed, "Don't act smart with me. I know you were following me. Where are your flunkies hiding anyway?" he grounded. "Potter? Weasley? Come out. I've got your precious know-it-all. Come out this instant or I'll hex her right away." "For heaven's sake, Malfoy, they're my friends and not flunkies. Besides, none of them are here. So just unhand me, you jerk." she jerked out of his grip. "What are you doing here then? Spill it, or I swear I'll hex you, Granger," he pointed his wand at her again and she cursed herself for forgetting her wand in her purse at Padma's private room back in the restaurant. She sighed. "Alright," she spoke. "I was following you." "Oh you bloody-" he was cut off by her words. "Listen to me first. I thought you were up to something bad. I just wanted to know. And I saw what you did a while ago." "What did you see?" he frowned. "That you healed those wounded elves and freed them," she said. Draco looked furious. Hermione raised her hand and moved his wand away from her front. "Look, I apologise for sneaking behind you and, well, I won't tell anyone what I saw. Trust me on this." He was still frowning at her, looking disgusted and disbelieving. She noticed the look as he had already casted the wand-lighting charm and a faint light spread from the tip of his wand. "Trust me, Malfoy." "Fine!" he said. "I can't believe I'm doing this. But don't you dare to say this to a soul, especially Potter and Weasel." "I won't," she assured him. He started walking out of the forest but Hermione called for his attention from behind him, "Why did you free them, by the way?" He averted his face slightly. "What?" "The elves, of course." Draco turned completely, facing her. "Look, you don't always have to know EVERYthing, alright? There are things that you should stay away from. Things like me and my life. Do you get that?" he hissed. "Now let me go." He turned back again and she said, "I'm not stopping you." "Yes, you are," he grounded. "Can't you just shut your mouth for a minute? Don't call for me behind me." Hermione reached him by then and said, "I'm not calling you." "Yes, you are," he yelled. While they were talking, lightnings flashed, thunders roared and strong wind started blowing suddenly. The suddenness of the incident shocked them both and they covered their faces. "Merlin's beard! What's going on?" she yelled. "Haven't you read about it in the paper, Granger? It's been all over the Prophet last week. A magical storm. How the fuck did I forget about it?" he exclaimed. "Shut up, you- " He interrupted, "You shut up, Granger and follow me." "I can't see. Something went into my eyes," she rubbed her eyes with her fists. Draco held her elbow lightly and led her to the hut nearby. The door was locked. He pointed his wand at the lock and said, "Alohomora." The door opened. They went inside swiftly and closed the door again from the inside. Soon it started raining heavily. "Well, I don't have time to read the newspaper. Would you tell me what's with this storm? I've never read nor heard of it!" she requested. "Considering that you're the brightest witch of our age, you should know about this," he mocked and used the wand-lighting charm again. "But as you're clearly not as bright as they say, I shall enlighten you. It's a magical storm. The raindrops that are falling from the sky right now can drain your magic. It's said that one can turn into a squib if they stay in the storm for longer than five minutes." He turned to look at her and found her still rubbing her eyes. He frowned and walked to her. "Need help?" he asked. "If it's not a trick then yes." "Is there a spell to fix your eyes?" "I'm sure there is but I don't know about it." He shook his head. "The Hermione Granger doesn't know anything! I can't believe it!" He gasped in mock horror and Hermione frowned at him. "Fine! Let me help you. But I swear to Merlin if you tell anyone this..." He went near her, moved her hands from her eyes and blew softly into her eyes. They were standing close and she found it very intimating so she took a few steps back which made him frown. She rubbed her eyes one last time and looked around. She saw the fireplace in the faint light spreading from the tip of Draco's wand. "Light a fire in the fireplace, Draco. It's too dark in here," she said. "Who the hell are you to order me?" he hissed, not noticing her use of his first name. "I was about to do that myself." Finishing the sentence, he pointed his wand at the fireplace and set the fire. She looked at him, disgusted. What she felt for him was odd. One second ago, he was this person who was almost caring but in the next second, he was being the usual Malfoy-git. She was attracted to the git, that charming git. But she was also wary of him. She was cautious around him because of their rough past. Draco was appointed as the head of The Department of Mysteries after he finished his N.E.W.T.s. He and Hermione came across each other every now and then because of their employment in the same ministry building, but he usually tried to ignore her presence. And although him, Harry and Ron had established a truce, Ron and him were nothing near polite yet. They could hardly tolerate one another. But, Hermione often felt like there was something more between her and