Disclaimer: I do not own anything of J. K. Rowling's world. I do, however, own this idea, and Rupa Singh, her family, Genie and Rosie Green, Max Jason, and much, much more. I hope you enjoy and like my little spin on a Muggle in the Wizarding world. " I still drink vodka; I'm not an advocate of drinking, but I'm no angel. I don't like grass because it just makes me hungry." - Calvin Klein Vodka 31st of July, 1980 - Redbridge , London Rupa Singh had long since decided, that while poorly paid, bar work was by far the most entertaining job she'd ever had. But it wasn't the constant masses who pissed themselves on cheap alcohol, or the nervous drinkers who ended up vomiting their guts up on the pub floor, that made the job amusing, but rather because each day, from sunrise to sunset, the Married Eagle managed to collect the most investing and wild characters, Rupa had ever seen. Then again, at twenty-one, the young woman didn't really have a long resumé to judge upon. There had been the corner shop job when she was sixteen, but her father had run that store, and the only time she ever received a pay cheque was when her father needed a break. Then there was the Charity Shop at eighteen, and while Rupa was all for giving money to others, she didn't like her boss and his sexual desires. Her father had been furious when he discovered that his "precious daughter" was working among "drunken idiots", but she was twenty-one, a "free bird" as her mother liked to say, and could, therefore, do what the hell she pleased. The bartender grinned a little as she remembered her father's face turning a strange purple colour when she announced she would be leaving Birmingham and setting her sights on London. She wasn't a student, or at least, not yet, for she had applied for numerous universities across London, but so far, none had responded. Truthfully, Rupa wasn't all that fussed where she got into, as long as they managed to teach her Classics and Latin, she was perfectly content. 'You need to try this,' Rupa turned, half expecting her fellow bartender to be holding up a strange alcohols drink he had uncovered when he had returned from Australia three days before, but instead, Max Jason was holding up a large bar of chocolate, his smile almost as wide as the bar itself. Born and bred in London, the South-African loomed above Rupa. His light blond hair contrasted with her black locks and his tanned skin looked oddly distorted against her brown. A thin pair of glasses sat on the bridge of his nose, and tattoos decorated his arms. If Rupa's father had seen him, the elderly man would have thrown a fit. The two had met by accident, and their friendship had started when Max had accent spilt a cup of lukewarm coffee all over Rupa's shirt. He had apologised profusely, his funny accent confusing Rupa to no end, that it wasn't until the two sat down on a park bench did the half-Indian girl tell him to breathe. 'What is it?' Rupa asked. The chocolate bar supposedly was made from "the finest liquor in Cape Town" and was almost the length of her entire arm. 'Its chocolate,' Max said. 'I know it's chocolate,' Rupa snapped, 'I'm not blind! I want to know what type of chocolate it is.' 'Milk,' Max grinned. 'Only the best, for my best-friend.' If it had been anyone other than Max, Rupa would most likely have turned her nose up at the surgery gift, but, considering the last time he had brought her a gift from his travels, she decided that it was probably best to take the chocolate, before handing it over to her flatmate, Genie. 'Uh, thanks,' Rupa said, excepting the Liquor infused milk chocolate. 'I didn't get you anything,' 'Eh, it's fine! This counts towards your birthday present anyway.' 'My birthday was in April,' Rupa said, smiling. 'It's a late birthday present, then,' Max said, resting his head on his chin. 'What did I get you anyway?' 'Other than the chocolate?' Rupa asked, quickly slipping the offensive thing into her bag with was underneath the counter. 'A couple of coupons for Boots' makeup,' 'Oh yeah,' her friend whispered. 'Did you use them?' 'Yes.' Rupa lied. Although Max was a rather kind soul, he was crap had giving people gifts and Rupa had acquired a strange array of treasures over the two years she had known Max, some of them were funny, while others were down right weird. 'Good, good,' Max nodded. 'Stacie said you wouldn't like them, but what does my sister know?' Stacie was supposedly Max's identical twin, but Rupa could never really see it. True, both had blond hair and blue eyes, but other than that, they looked like to different people. Rupa had only met Stacie once, and their meeting had been a rather rushed one for she was bleeding profusely over Max's kitchen and swearing like a sailor. They'd taken Stacie to A and E, where she had to receive thirteen stitches along her head before she had buggered off. 'Yeah,' Rupa muttered, unsure what to say. 'Can you pass me the gin,' Nodding, Max turned and reached up to the highest shelf, and brought down the bottle for his friend but when the South-African turned around, a beautiful red-haired girl suddenly caught his eye, and she gave him a flirtatious wave. Rupa groaned. If there was one thing Max is especially good at, it was being an absolute womaniser. 'Hello darling,' Max said, leaning across the bar to the woman. 'What can I get you today?' The redhead giggled and whispered something in Max's ear. 'Oh, I'm sure I can procure that,' Max grinned. Rupa turned, wanting to throw up. As the bartender filled a shot full of gin, the door to the Married Eagle suddenly swung open and a large group of brutish men entered the pub. There were about six of them in all and looked like they ate metal fillings for breakfast. Each was bulky, and while not necessarily tall, reminded Rupa of the large bull her grandfather owned in India. Their leader was talking loudly, his large belly falling to the floor as he stumbled towards a table in the corner of the pub, a cigarette handing from his mouth. 'It's fuckin' bullshit, Mike!' Loudy was crying. 'Thatcher can't do this to us! That bloody bitch!' Rupa rolled her eyes. They were talking about the Prime Minister. Unlike her father, who was a big supporter of the Labour Party, Rupa wasn't really interested in politics. If Margret Thatcher wasn't throwing the country into another World War, then Rupa wasn't really bothered, and as long as the government didn't really affect her or her family, she would turn a blind eye. As the group sat down, Loudy noticed that the two bartenders from behind the counter. He raised his arm, waving towards Rupa. 'Give us beer, love! Some of us are dyin' over 'ere!' Rupa closed her eyes, her thoughts pulling away from her as the fat man jeered at her. He was by far the loudest person in the entire pub. The faint smell of cigarette smoke wafted around the room, making Rupa's nose coil as she filled up a pint of beer. 'Max,' the woman cried, grabbing her friend's arm, drawing his attention away from a red haired girl. 'Can you hand this to, Loudy.' Max raised his eyebrows, his light blue eyes staring down at his friend as a thin smile reached his lips. 'I'm on my break,' he said, leaning back in his chair. He reached for a bowl of olives that sat on the counter and popped one into his mouth. 'Aw, come on, Max,' Rupa pleaded, her eyes darting over to the fat man and back to Max. 'You know I hate talking to people like him. Take it as a thank you for the chocolate.' 'Like him?' Max asked. 'You don't even know the bastard,' 'Well, I know his kind,' Rupa protested, pulling a strand of her black hair over her shoulder. 'His kind? What show are we on, Prejudice Alley ?' Max asked. Rupa's eyes narrowed, and she placed her free hand on her hip. 'I am not prejudiced,' Rupa hissed, moving around the bar, drink in her hand. Max snorted and ate another olive. 'Yeah you are, Ru, yeah you are.' Teeth grinding, Rupa bit back a cowardly response and instead hurried straight over to Loudy's table. He was even more disgusting up close. His stomach fell to the ground, his greasy hair flat across his skull like wax that for a moment, Rupa wondered if it were even real. His friends, who she had thought were ugly when they first came in, could not compare to their revolving leader, who's smell somehow managed to pierce through the cigarette and tobacco smoke. 'Ah, thanks, love,' the man grinned as Rupa placed the drink down in front of him. 'Is that all?' asked Rupa, a fake smile plastered across her face as Loudy's green eyes looked up and down her body. Compared to her leggy friends, Rupa was quite short, coming up to her best friend Genie's armpit. With her father's Indian heritage and her mother's Scottish roots, it seemed she had managed to get the wrong deal in the gene department. Her sister, Noor, on the other hand, had somehow managed to be an expectable height of five foot six, and still, have their mother's killer legs. But while her sister made up for the height department, Rupa was short and dumpy, with her grandmother's sharp features and elegant curves. Most men lay off her, turning their heads at her dark skin and short height, while people like her sister managed to wave in the crowds with their thin bodies and ultra tall limbs. She didn't think she was ugly, but still, it would have been nice to have some sort of action in the love department. 'How about you?' Loudy asked, reaching for Rupa's thigh. The bartender's eyes narrowed. Unlike Max who decided to wear a plain black shirt and blue jeans, Rupa had decided to combat the summer's heat and wear something a little comfier. She had gone for a knee length shirt, the denim dusty and old, but still managing to serve it purpose. A white blouse was pulled over that, and her long black hair had been pulled out of her face in a low ponytail, revealing her long nose and brown eyes. Maybe it hadn't been wise to wear a skirt. Rupa took a step back, her trainers squeaking across the polished floorboards as she tried to get away. Sweat suddenly ran down her back, and the small golden statue that she kept in her left pocket heavy. Suddenly Loudy's hand was on her thigh, his fat hand crawling around her body and up towards her arse. The bartender paused, her eyes flickering to Max, but the bloody man was busy flirting with the red head, his hand on his chin as he stared into her eyes. Shit. 'Why don't you come with us?' Loudy drawled, his eyes glittering. 'You'll find it fun…and besides, I've never been with a Brownie before,' Rupa saw red. He's called her a what? That racist bastard! Oh, she was going to kill him! Just as Rupa was about to throw Loudy's drink over his head, the man's hand was suddenly removed from Rupa's arse and was slammed down onto the table. The bartender couldn't help but smile as a horrible crunching sound echoed from the man's hand and the yelp of pain that left his lips as he stared up at his attacker. 'Now gentlemen,' a cool voice whispered, as the entire pub fell quiet, 'is that any way to treat a lady?'