Disclaimer: I only own Bellariese Black, Amoret Black, Arcturus Black IV and Amaranth Peverell. Everything else belongs to Joanne Rowling! Names that are not in the books (or if they are they are not well known — first names only): Patronilla: Pat-tro-nilla Capella: kah-PELL-ah Amalthea: aa-m-aa-l-th-EE-aa Ophelia: owFIY-Liy-aa Vega: VEY-Gaa Polaris: Po-LA-ris Belvina: Bell-Vin-ah Bellariese: b-ELL-uh-RIY-Z Amoret: am-or-ret Arcturus: ark-TOOR-us Terrin: TEHR-IHN Amaranth: a-m-ar-anth Chapter One Three Blacks and a Peverell 3rd of December 1970 She was born in a cold room with green walls and a house that was laced with black magic. Her mother was a proud woman, who chose have her youngest child at home, in fear people would talk. Her father, a stern but loving man agreed, in order for those who thought ill of his family not to gain the satisfaction of seeing their child. She was never meant to be born, for both her parents were quite old and grumpy. The "Mistake" she was called in wider circles; the "Thing" that never should have been born to family. Like many Pureblood women before her, Mrs Black had been blessed with little children and many miscarriages, and yet, as was handed her screaming child, all swaddled up in a thick green blanket, the witch of forty-five couldn't help smile. Mrs Black gently pressed a kiss to the child's head, rocking her babe back and forth as the Healer informed her that it was a girl. The baby's angry screams grew louder when the Naming Seer snatched her out of her mother's arms and placed her on a cold stone slab. Mrs Black closed her eyes and tried to shut out her baby's cries as the Seer waved a burning smudge stick that filled the room with lavender and thyme. The Seer's other hand, which was decorated with symbols and strange patterns gently clasped the baby's head, and with a flicker of her eyelids, her eyes shut. The Naming Seer twitched her head, her black hair falling out of its loose bun as she muttered to herself. The Naming Seer—a woman by the name of Patronilla de Pavia—had portkey'ed all the way from Spain, and after almost eleven years of knowing the two Blacks had named each of their children. There was Sirius Orion, the eldest, and his younger brother, Regulus Arcturus. She had chosen their names because, at the time, it seemed right—and from what she could tell, Patronilla had decided that one would be more adventurous, more rule-breaking, than the other. She hadn't told Mr and Mrs Black that particular detail but it made her smile when she discovered that Sirius was a rather "difficult" child, for it meant that her predictions were coming true. Hungry, the infant tried to suck on the woman's fingers, searching for food. When the girl revived nothing but rough skin, and salty sweat, she roared again, her cheeks turning red as the sticky coating of black hair that sat on her head shot up, her magic crossing through her body. The Seer chuckled, gently tickling her tummy as she pushed past the child's mind and unlocked her future. Suddenly the Seer was gasping and groaning, her head spinning as she tried to comprehend what she saw. Flashes too bright to comprehend flooded down her spine as something cold and deadly wormed its way into her throat. Noticing that the Seer was distressed, Mr Black approached Patronilla, asking if she was all the Seer ignored him, her dark eyes widening and closing with each image that was shoved before her. The baby cried again, unsure of the pain that also ran through her head. Patronilla licked her lips. This child would have a dark future, one where dreadful things would happen to her and those she loved would die. Suddenly the future slowed, and Patronilla was shown a beautiful young woman, maybe fifteen or sixteen, her body smothered in dark robes. She danced in a boy's arms, his red hair long and loose. Breathing heavily, Patronilla grinned as a name fluttered into her mind. When she had first started working for the Blacks, she had asked for every name they had ever named their ancestors, for she knew, from being a Pureblood herself, that many liked to name their children after deceased relatives. Although technically, no Pureblood who chose to find out their child's future through a Naming Seer could ever choose their child's name, there was something greatly satisfying to know that the Blacks offspring would share a similar name to their ancestors before them. Although Patronilla had in deed been given all the names in the Black family, there were a few she could never find, and after digging through thousands of documents and birth certificates, found out that if the Children of Black were ever disowned then their names would forevermore be never used for a child's name ever again. It was rather comical, Patronilla thought, for that was certainly not how her family did things, but still, she could understand why the Blacks' chose that rule. They were a family swaddled in history, a family who at one point were royalty, but over time, as revolutions rose and witches and wizards grew tired of an oppressive family, the Blacks had abdicated and stepped down to Earls. Although this leap in status did infuriated the Blacks, they were still technically the "Kings" and "Queens" of the Wizarding World, as they ran almost all the major businesses and had their wands in the government. Purebloods, although few, were certainly still in control of the modern world. She never understood the British Pureblood's importance for hating Muggleborns, and yet, as Patronilla skimmed through several named in her mind, she had a feeling that the child who lay before her was going to be, not only an incredibly powerful witch, but also one with kindness. Should she name her Capella, after the brightest star in Auriga's constellation? No, that name was not right, for the child did not look anything like a she-goat, as her name implied, nor did she have a grumpy future. She was stubborn thought … Amalthea perhaps? But the child wouldn't grow to be a soothing woman, she was fierce and strong like a blazing flame … Bellatrix? Unfortunately, there was already a child with that name and it wouldn't bode well to be named after her … Patronilla thought harder, grouping names together as she sieved through the mountain-load of names the Blacks had offer. Maybe a new name—something different? Patronilla bit her lip. No, this child needed to look up to someone, and what better than to find a dead relative with a smilier nature … As the Naming Seer pondered, Mr Black gently touched her shoulder. 'Miss,' he said, voice full of worry. 'You ears are bleeding …' But if the Seer heard him, she did not say and she did not flinch when Mr Black gently cleaned her ears. Ophelia … Vega … Polaris … Belvina … Cassiopeia … Names spun in her head, as the girl's future worked its way before her. The child had stopped screaming now, quietening to silent whimpers as her father overshadowed the Seer. Mrs Black lay on her back, passed out from exhaustion as the Healer gently cleaned her up, wiping away at the dried blood that lay streamed across her abdomen, and the newly row scar that gleamed in the candle light. The door opened with a crack and Mr Black looked up to find his eldest son standing in the doorway. Like Mr Black and his father before him, Sirius had gained his father's stormy grey eyes, while his brother, a little boy of nine, had inherited his mother's cold blue ones. At age eleven, Sirius was the right age for Hogwarts, but because his birthday was in November, he would have to start the year after, in 1971. The child looked up at his father, and then to his newly born sister. His eyes widened when they settled on his mother, and Mr Black quickly shielded his son from his wife. Sirius' eyes flitted back to his sister. 'What's her name?' he asked, curiosity lining his question. 'Are we going to have another Cassie or Cissa?'. As Mr Black opened his mouth, Patronilla opened her eyes, her dark pupils misty and gone. The Naming Seer suddenly rose to her feet, holding the child close to her chest. Mr Black quickly shut the door on this eldest child, as the Seer kissed the baby's black hair. She blinked, and her eyes returned to normal. 'Before I name this child,' she said handing Mr Black his daughter, her words thick with a heavy Spanish accent, 'do you, Mr Black, except that this child is yours?' 'Yes,' Mr Black whispered. 'I do,' The Seer smiled sweetly and turning back to the stone slab, extinguished the smoking stub. Carefully she crushed some of the ash into her hand and turned back to the baby. Patronilla placed the cool ash onto the child's head, smearing it into her skin, creating a Triskelion on her head. The naming Seer then called out the child's name, explaining the girl's fate and purpose through the three names that she called out. Power and old magic glinted into the room, as the child's true name glinted thinly above her head. The Naming Seer suddenly reached into her bag and pulled out a large, leather bound book, and after flicking through several pages found a quill and a scribbled page with a small layout of the Black family tree. She silently wrote the child's name and after a moment's hesitation, smiled and closed the book. 'So mote be it,' she whispered, hand hovering over the girl's head. Glancing up, the Naming Seer gently kissed Mr Black on the brow, before moving over the Mrs Black and kissing her head too. But as she moved away, Mrs Black's hand suddenly shot out and grabbed Patronilla's hand. 'Change it,' she begged, opening her eyes. 'Please …' Patronilla shook her head, moving a strand of the woman's blonde hair from her forehead. 'I'm afraid, Mrs Black, that the naming is done, and there is nothing you can do to change it,' she said. 'The Old Gods have spoken to me, and her future does not bode well — this name, will give her strength.' 'No,' Mrs Black gasped. 'You don't understand—that name—it's cursed.' Patronilla sighed, rising from the bed. 'I am sorry Mrs Black, but what is done is done.' Mr Black didn't say anything, as the Seer past, ignoring her as she packed up her things. Patronilla left soon after that, a hefty sum of gold in her bag as well as her snuff stick, the book and her wand. Sighing the witch looked up at Twelve Grimmauld Place, for the last time. 'Good luck, child,' she whispered, tucking her robe tightly around her. 'You will need it.' The Witch Disapparated away, shifting a small mountain of snow in her path. In the top most room, a small boy, with a thin face peered down on the street below. Sirius grinned, grateful that the Seer had gone. Quickly he grabbed his nightgown and pulled it on. After his father had shut the door in his face, he had retreated to the safety of his bedroom, determined to move only when the Seer had gone. He snuck out of his bedroom, carefully creeping down the staircase as not to wake his brother. As he passed his mother's bedroom he heard his parent's loud argument. He paused curious as to what they were saying, but their voices were muffled, and Sirius couldn't hear anything. Moving on, the Heir of Black, made his way down to the first floor, stopping every so often to hear if Kreacher or his parents were about. When it became apparent that nobody was coming, he slipped into the Drawing Room and came face to face with the tapestry. The Black family