I The Boy The boy's body lay sprawled across the hospital bed, his back to the bloodied sheets as the hungry stench of Death lingered on his pale skin. His grey, cold and very much dead, eyes stared up at the sky, an expression of absolute horror carved onto his handsome face. Dark hair framed his chiselled features and covering his broad shoulders like a worn flag; a thick, scar trailed down his chest, his lungs, organs and windpipe having been removed by the Undertaker who stood beside him, his red blood staining her place skin and dark robes. Licking her lips, the witch picked up a long needle, a silver thread shining like mercury in the candlelight. The Undertaker closed her eyes, and after a long moment began to sew the child's chest, her fingers shaking as her blood stained fingers wove in and out of the Hogwarts Champion's skin. The Champion had been a lovely lad, and from what his fellow students had done when they saw him, he was certainly popular. A girl's scream sat lodged in the Undertaker's mind; tears stained children's cheeks carved deep into her heart. Madam Stein may have been an Undertaker, and her life was, truth be told, rather grim, but that didn't mean she liked preparing a child to meet a shallow grave. The boy's coffin sat beside him, a casket made of black wood, the carving of a beautiful badger engraved below his name. Cedric Diggory. Hufflepuff. Hogwarts Champion. Seventh Year. Prefect. Murdered. The Undertaker sighed, placing the needle down on the table beside her. She batted the floating candle away, lest wax landed on the corpse's greying skin, and before she could change her mind, Madam Stein removed her wand from the tight bun that held her hair. Dark curls fell to her shoulders as she pointed her want at Cedric's chest, and sharp breath, and quiet word later, a black, silk robe suddenly shot out from the mahogany-coloured wood. The material wrapped themselves around the body, wrapping themselves tightly around his body so that his cheeks shone a dull pink as if he were asleep. Carefully, the witch placed her wand in her pocket, and with a small sigh, wrapped her arms around the corpse and gently lowered him into his coffin. His pale face lolled as she set him in the yellow sheets, and the Undertaker quickly straightened it with her hand. Her fingers lingered a bit too long on his face, her calloused fingertips pressing to the boy's skin as if one pick would wake him up. But he never stirred, and the Undertaker pressed his wand into his cold hands. 'So mote be it.' She pressed her lips to his head, her icy eyes cold and hollow. Rising, the witch waved her wand, and the coffin's lid, which had been lying against the hospital's wall a moment before, rose. The Undertaker's face hardened as it slammed down onto the box, encasing the young hero in a tomb of darkness. With another flick of her wand, the metal jars full of the boy's organs disappeared into the witch satchel, along with her bloodied implements. Madam Stein's hand shot out, and her bag suddenly shot towards her. After checking that her robes were not going to fall off, she turned, pressing her black, pointed hat to her head. 'Rest well, Mr Diggory,' the witch said, her hand reaching up to the bloodied curtain that separated the corpse and herself from the rest of Hogwarts Hospital Wing. 'You were one of the lucky ones.' With that, the Undertaker ripped back the curtain, her blood-stained robes fluttering behind her. The silencing charm she had placed around herself and the body imminently disappeared, and a second later, the loud, bellowing cries of the boy who lived ran down her spine. 'Look, I saw Voldemort come back!' the boy bellowed. He lunged forward, trying to rip the covers from his body, but before he could, a stout, red-haired woman pulled him back, her kind eyes full of worry. 'I saw the Death Eaters! I can give you their names!' Madam Stein froze, her icy eyes wide as she gazed at the face of her old tormentor. Harry James Potter was the spitting image of his father, there was no doubt about that, with his black, messy hair, fair skin and strong nose he could have moulded into James Potter's coffin for all the Undertaker cared. But at the same time, it wasn't James. James didn't have a gangly, slightly malnourished body, nor did he have a scar running down his face and instead of the dark, cruel eyes that had once stared down at Madam Stein all those years ago, it was Lily's eyes, sweet, kind, proud Lily, staring at the Minister for Magic, anger fuming away like burning emerald. A long bandage lay wrapped around his arm, the white edges stained a light red, his blood seeping through. Cornelius Oswald Fudge stood in front of her, his portly frame barely hiding her thin scarecrow body, however, although partly hidden by a mane of grey hair, the witch could still see the Minister's face. His lips were dry and leathery, his grey eyes full of fierce anger as his wand sparked dangerously. He was furious, and for the first time in a long time, the witch smiled. This was far more interesting than burying a child. 'Lucius Malfoy,' Madam Stein blinked, her smile fading. Her fingers clenched around her satchel, the sharp dragon scales digging into her skin. Out of the corner of the witch's eye, a familiar figure in black stepped forward. He paused as Harry looked at him. 'Malfoy was cleared!' Fudge snapped, visibly affronted. 'A very old family — donations to excellent causes —' 'Macnair!' Harry continued. 'Also cleared! Now working for the Ministry!' 'Avery — Nott — Crabbe — Goyle —' 'You are merely repeating the names of those who were acquitted of being Death Eaters thirteen years ago!' Fudge shrieked, his fists clenching wildly. 'You could have found those names in old reports of the trials!' The Minister turned to face Professor Dumbledore. 'For heaven's sake, Dumbledore — the boy was full of some crackpot story at the end of last year to — his tales are getting taller, and you're still swallowing them — the boy can talk to snakes. Dumbledore, and you still think he's trustworthy?' 'You fool!' Professor McGonagall cried, her voice raising as her glasses shook. 'Cedric Diggory! Mr Crouch! These deaths were not the random work of a lunatic!' 'I see no evidence to the contrary!' shouted Fudge, his face purple. 'It seems to me that you are all determined to start a panic that will destabilise everything we have worked for these last thirteen years!' 'That, Minister,' Madam Stein suddenly said, 'is not entirely accurate.' The Minister for Magic stiffened, his back straining like a rod as he turned to face the witch, his face darkening with each breath. 'What…did…you…just…say?' he breathed. Madam Stein smiled. 'I said,' the witch replied, wiping her bloodied hands on the white curtain that hung beside her head. 'That it's not entirely accurate — after all, I just examined Mr Diggory's body, and considering that I was also the Undertaker who prepared Mr and Mrs Potter for their funeral, thirteen years ago, I can safely say, that whoever murdered — yes, Minister — murdered, Cedric Diggory, was wielding the Dark Lord's wand… A wand, which according to you, you have in your possession. So unless you, and Minister Bagnold, lied thirteen years ago, then let me ask you this? How could the wand that murdered Lily and James Potter — that you apparently have — be the same wand, that was used on Mr Diggory? After all, it's obviously in your care, but it seems that both cases have the same magical trace on them? The Killing Curse, after all, is so very hard to remove from a victim's corpse. It is possibly the most traceable spell that had ever been made.' She paused, tongue between teeth. 'Won't that be an interesting story, Minister. I am sure the Daily Prophet would love to know that you lied.' A sly grin spread across her lips as the Minister suddenly appeared in front of her. Harry cried out, but before he could warn the witch, a pale hand snatched the Minister's raised fist. The witch lowered her gaze, her fist crushing the Minister's hand as her sharp, bloodstained nails dug into his skin. The wizard winced. 'And so, the mask falls off, and the face of wife-killer is revealed.' Madam Stein said. Fudge stiffened. 'I was cleared of all charges,' the Minister hissed. The witch cocked her head. 'But, you were never found innocent either. You forget — you all forget, that there is only one Undertaker's in Britain, and while we have many branches, your wife, Minister, was sent to Doctor Morte.' The witch raised her eyebrows. 'We have Mary Macdonald's memories, somewhere in Morte's office, and we were going to hand them over to the Wizengamot when your trial was happening, but from I heard, you were bailed out — and well, our establishment was threatened.' Before anyone could move, Madam Stein had twisted the Minister's hand behind his back, forcing him to the floor. He cried out in pain, eyes building as the dark haired witch pushed his crumbling body to the ground. 'If you ever try and hit me again,' Madam Stein hissed, her ear brushing against the Minister's ear, 'then I will remind you, exactly why I stopped being the ministry's assassin. I've seen the dark side of that place, Cornelius… Even if you've left… You never really forget. I am not my sister, remember that. She would have forgiven you — I will kill you.' She dropped the Minister on the floor. She turned to Dumbledore, who looked at her with his sharp blue eyes. He wasn't happy. Dumbledore turned back to face Fudge. 'Madam Stein is correct. Voldemort has returned,' Dumbledore said. "If you accept that fact straightaway, Fudge, and take the necessary measures, we may still be able to save the situation. The first and most essential step is to remove Azkaban from the control of the dementors —' 'Preposterous!' Fudge shouted, having himself from the floor. 'Remove the dementors? I'd be kicked out of office for suggesting it! Half of us only feel safe in our beds at night because we know the dementors are standing guard at Azkaban — and Stein, how dare you touch me!' The dog underneath Harry's bed growled. People stiffened, and the man in black lifted his teeth in anger. Madam Stein scowled. 'The rest of us sleep less soundly in our beds, Cornelius, knowing that you have put Lord Voldemort's most dangerous supporters in the care of creatures who will join him the instant he asks them!' said Dumbledore, calmly, ignoring his fellow kin. 'They will not remain loyal to you, Fudge! Voldemort can offer them much more scope for their powers and their pleasures than you can! With the dementors behind him, and his old supporters returned to him, you will be hard-pressed to stop him regaining the sort of power he had thirteen years ago!' The Minister was opening and closing his mouth like a goldfish; his face slowly became more purple by the minute. 'The second step you must take — and at once,' Dumbledore pressed on, 'is to send envoys to the giants.' 'Envoys to the giants?' Fudge spluttered. 'What madness is this?' 'Extend them the hand of friendship, now, before it is too late,' Dumbledore continued, 'or Voldemort will persuade them, as he did before, that he alone among wizards will give them their rights and their freedom!' 'You, — you cannot be serious!' Fudge stumbled backwards, shaking his head. 'If the magical community got wind that I had approached the giants — people hate them, Dumbledore