* All recognizable Twilight descriptions and characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. * This is incredibly hard to post. It's one of the first stories I wrote a few years ago, which was later translated for my amazing friend Lila. There used to be a few chapters written that would support this OS, mostly because of all the information that's been mentioned or is implied but not present. Sadly, I've lost the files. I don't know if I'll ever write anything relate to this story again. I must warn you there's abuse and the characters are extremely different than your twilight version. If you're sensitive to violence of any kind, please beware of possible triggers. I must also add that I write what my characters tell me to, sometimes I just push the boundaries a bit too far, sometimes I like the uncomfortable feeling a reader might get in the pitch of their stomach, but at the end of the day, it's still a work of fiction that in no way portrays who I am or what I believe in. This hasn't been betaed so I apologise for the piss poor attempt at editing that I've done when proof reading it. Lila, this is for you, my very talented and courageous friend. I'll go hide now. I was lying on my bed, drinking straight from a bottle of vodka and completely pissed off. As usual, I'd argued with Bella during the afternoon. We were dating, kind of. Truth is I wasn't exactly sure of what we were. What we had was a destructive relationship, Bella would push me to my limits, I'd lose my temper to end up hurting her and then drinking myself into oblivion. It was shit, the alcohol, I wanted to quit drinking though I'd never become an alcoholic. I was just disgusted with myself. I hated Bella with my whole being or had hated her. There were times where all I wanted was to shatter her skull, but then I'd think how painless and quick that death would be and I didn't want painless, I wanted her to suffer. I wanted to torture Bella like she tortured me. The main reason behind my hatred for Bella was that I loved her. I knew it was utterly ridiculous, I was well aware of that. Two opposite feelings, one resulting from the other. I'd never thought I'd be able to fall in love, not even dared to imagine it. Actually, I pretty much hated any sort of PDA, either from my brother Emmett to his girlfriend or from my best friend Jasper to my sister Alice. But as everything in my life, things had to get complicated. A year ago it was the one and only time I felt honestly attracted to someone. It was a girl a year younger than me, short and thin, and with long brown hair and chocolate eyes. Her skin was so pale it looked as if a mote of dust could hurt her. She looked like an angel. Big mistake. That girl was Bella and she made my life hell since the very beginning. The first time we'd seen each other she blushed and the redness of her cheeks made her look adorable. She still blushed as the first day when we had good days, but after that first encounter we'd started a dangerous and sick game. Bella was the most innocent sixteen year old girl I'd ever met in my whole fucking life. She wasn't only a virgin but hadn't been kissed either. I was her first kiss, her first sexual partner too. Bella's first time wasn't the way any girl would've dream of. We'd been dating for four months after being on and off for the first two were we'd been getting to know each other. She had unconsciously yelled at me, with tears in her eyes, how I'd never want a girl like her. And I meant unconsciously because we were both alone in her house, lying on her bed. The only reason I'd been refusing to sleep with her was my fear of hurting her when we did it. I liked rough sex, a quick and hard fuck. I'd never made love but I'd fucked and I knew from high school gossip that I was said to have a more than decent size. I'd been asked to be more gentle, to go slower, even by the skankiest girls at school. I'd turn into an animal as soon as I was in, I just needed to fuck mercilessly. So that day, that's what I did. I turned into a fucking animal. Her yelp of pain was ingrained into my head. I forgot she was a virgin, I just pushed into her and it wasn't until I'd finished that I saw she was crying. I felt sick with myself, I'd raped her, even if she didn't resist or told me to stop, even if we'd been dating. So I just got dressed and left after emptying my stomach. Which also happened to be another mistake. I didn't know Alice was staying with Bella that night, so when she arrived at Bella's she found her crying. She was bruised and there was blood between her legs which made my sister think the obvious, that someone had raped her. She took Bella to the hospital where she had to say 24 hours just to be safe. Bella never said a word about what had happened. That was the first time I hurt her and when I confessed my sin to my sister all she could do was look at me, disappointment filling her eyes. She didn't know who I was After that evening everything started going downfall. Bella seemed to have a sick need of being hurt or fucked wildly, sometimes even both. She knew which things would make me lose my temper and would do them until I'd finally explode. This meant I'd always end up being rough with her, pushing her against a wall only to fuck her senseless. Sometimes I'd just push her around, shove her out of the way but one time I underestimated my strength and knocked her out. I thought I was having a heart attack, I couldn't breath or stop crying and I knew that if she died I'd die too. It was then I realised I was in love with her. And with the love, came the hate. I didn't want to love Bella. Loving someone gives them the power to destroy you, I'd learnt that from Elizabeth, my biological mother. It was hard enough to be Carlisle's son out of marriage. Even if Esme had done all she could to treat me like her own, Elizabeth had taught me what love could do to people. I'd loved her and she hurt me. She had me stay only to kill herself in front of me, only to shoot herself in the head in front of her thirteen year old son. I had to be honest with myself though, I barely resented Bella, there was almost no hatred left for her. Maybe it was the months I had to digest my loving her. Or maybe, it was the fact that sometimes we acted like a regular couple and I'd get a glimpse of the sweet and shy girl she truly was. But mostly, it was the fact that I'd realised that something was off with her which had the hate receding and the worry increasing. When I'd realised I was in love with Bella, I'd become really violent with her and the worst of it was how much she enjoyed it. Bella seemed to find pleasure each time I'd hurt her, either physically or emotionally. She needed more and each fight left me panicked, fearing one day I'd end with her life. I felt out of a control, a monster unable to stop. My love was destroying her. As I started accepting my love for Bella and the fact that it was the both of us that were fucked in the head, I started working on my self control. I started thinking that, maybe, loving Bella didn't have to be a bad thing. Both my sister and my therapist made me realise that Bella wasn't Elizabeth, which in turn made my self control grow. We were having normal couple fights, or so I thought. We'd been pushing and pulling for a month. I would try to control myself as Bella increased her efforts in having me break. It'd taken me to this previous afternoon to realise I'd never actually stop with my aggression towards Bella, thought it was more of a psychological violence, it still wasn't okay. So, here I was. High, drunk and mad. Alice was furious since she'd been telling me for months how much of a blind fool I was, how it was insane that I couldn't see that I had a catastrophe waiting to happen in front of my eyes. Honestly, I had no idea what she was talking about just knew it most likely had to do with Bella. Hell, even my therapist had asked for me to have Bella seek professional help. It had been two weeks after my love epiphany when the violence in our relationship reached its peak. I'd never truly hit a woman before, not push or shove, but hit. Bella had been talking non-stop about Elizabeth, saying things she knew would hurt me, until I exploded and punched her. I punched a girl a foot shorter and a few stones lighter than me. Bella had hit her head against the stairs so my sister had to drive her to Port Angeles hospital or I'd end up in jail. She had a concussion and I had my wake up call. A week later I was attending my first appointment with my therapist. This afternoon's fight though had been the weirdest one we'd ever had. We'd been more than okay for the past week which should've told me was the calm before the storm. Except for the times we would fight or fuck I'd come to realise just how quiet, shy and self deprecating Bella was. She had no self-esteem and would often treat me as if I were her lottery price. She'd even admitted once she felt like a Greek god had laid eyes on her, a simple mortal. It was ridiculous. When I looked at Bella all I saw was an intelligent and beautiful girl with a heart of gold, not the flaws she seemed to see. Some time ago it had been the first time Bella had worn a skirt after some convincing from my sister, and Lauren had told her she looked like a beached whale in it. We all knew it was just Lauren being the envious bitch she was, not only because Lauren had tried to sleep with me more than once, but also because Bella had amazing legs. Or used to have. After that day Bella had started losing weight in an alarming rate. She'd always been a tad thinner than most girls but now it was just painful to look at her frail frame. She looked as if she was about to break. This had led me to mistreating her again. I felt like she was doing the same thing Elizabeth had done to me, make me love her only to have me see her destroying herself in front of my eyes. I wasn't used to this type of overwhelming worry and to the new feeling that emerged from it. Absolute over-protection. The thing was, I wasn't your regular person so me admitting she was my weakness was impossible. I used insults as a way of protecting what I'd left of me that didn't belong to Bella. Or so said my therapist. This afternoon hadn't been different. Bella looked sick, she was too pale and the shadows around her eyes were darker than usual. I asked myself where was her