He looked at the ceiling, his stare intent, as if he were reading something that was written there. "Maybe…it will have to be a long-distance friendship." I clenched my teeth together, glad he wasn't looking at my face, fighting against the sobs that threatened to overtake me again. I needed to be strong, and I had no idea how… " You know that story in the Bible?" Jacob asked suddenly, still reading the blank ceiling. "The one with the king and the two women fighting over the baby?" " Sure. King Solomon." " That's right. King Solomon," he repeated. "And he said, cut the kid in half…but it was only a test. Just to see who would give up their share to protect it." " Yeah, I remember." He looked back at my face. "I'm not going to cut you in half anymore, Bella." I closed my eyes, unable to process the extent of the situation. I knew that I loved them both, knew that there was nothing I could do to fix this. No matter who I chose, I would hurt someone. And, no matter which decision I made, I would hurt myself; the pain of having to let go of one of them would surely rip me in half. I could barely think, barely hold myself together. I felt the wrapping constrictions of pain lapping at my fingers. I wrapped my arms around myself, my old trick to stay intact, but it didn't work. I couldn't hold myself together this time, and it hurt so badly that I felt sick. "Hey, Bella, what's wrong?" Jacob asked with a worried expression, trying to sit up. "Hey, look at me. I'm sorry, I won't talk about it anymore." I looked at him and felt my heart begin to fissure. I tried to push him back onto the bed again, but he grabbed my wrist. "Tell me what you're thinking," he whispered, his hand warm around mine. I felt icy. "I have to go," I choked out, ripping my hand from his grip and running out of his room, trying to cover my eyes from the tears I could feel welling up behind my lids. "Bella, come back!" I heard him shout, but I was flying, running as far away as I could get. I ran to the beach, tripping over rocks and twigs, my heart shattering. I wanted to be numb, to stop feeling. I couldn't separate the two halves of myself. I thought that Jacob was the only one with two sides, my Jacob and the arrogant Jacob, but I was just as bad. I had two people crammed inside of me: Edward's Bella and Jacob's Bella. With Edward, I was quiet, timid, dizzy. But with Jacob, I felt alive. I was reckless and crazy. We didn't have to be careful, and we weren't. I liked that irresponsible side of myself, and I liked Edward's withdrawn and soft side too. But, I never felt insecure with Jacob. I knew that he didn't have more than me, and we were meant to be together. I always felt so inadequate with Edward, being a lowly human beside his god-like beauty and radiance. His family, who loved me and whom I loved as well, was the same way, though, and I always felt…less around them all. And then there was my family to worry about, my parents and friends. Leaving them, becoming a part of Edward's family, would be devastating for them, and I couldn't imagine a future where I would ever be able to see them again as a vampire. Leaving them, especially after Charlie's little speech before going to Jacob's, would be close to impossible. I knew the way around that, though: choosing Jacob. I had so much to fear. The Volturi were still coming back for me, and there was always the threat of other vampires like Victoria coming through Forks. But should I let fear completely control my life? My head pounded with overwhelming, slamming pain. My fingers were shaking so bad that I could barely wipe away the tears streaming down my face. Everything hurt, from the crest of my head to my shivering toes. I had no idea how to mash together the two pieces of myself, or the two decisions that had to be made. My phone rang shrilly from my pocket, the little silver phone from Edward, but I ignored it. Being away from Jacob, Alice could see me again, and she must've told Edward how much I was struggling. I didn't want to talk to him; I didn't want to talk to anyone. I wanted to be alone. Going to see Emily hadn't been my intention when I finally started walking again. I just sort of wandered aimlessly, not realizing that I was heading for her house until I saw it in front of me. I wiped my face as best I could and knocked on the door. Emily opened the door, her face shocked. "Bella?" she asked, confused. "What are you doing here? And why are you crying?" I shook my head, unable to explain, and looked down at my feet. She reached for my hand and took it, the warm contact soothing. She gently tugged me inside and shut the door. "Sam?" she called out. He emerged from the kitchen, wiping his hands on a dish towel. As soon as he saw me, he froze. "How about you go check on Jacob for a little while? I bet he could use the company." He nodded, eyeing me warily. As he passed on his way to the front door, he put his heavy hand onto my shoulder and squeezed comfortingly. When he eased the door shut with a light click, Emily led me to the couch to sit down. I was still crying, tears streaming – thankfully – silently down my face. At least the wracking sobs had stopped. Emily was patient. She sat with me, waiting for me to be able to speak. She patted my hand, a steady comforting rhythm against my skin, as I tried to compose myself. I looked up at her, and saw her smiling sadly at me. "When I first met you, I knew that you loved them both," she said quietly. I didn't ask how she knew why I was crying. "I could see it in your eyes. Do you remember when Jacob came back with Paul after they were fighting? You were so worried about him. I could tell how you felt, even then." I sniffled and took a deep breath. "I told him I love him," I said, my voice hoarse. "He kissed me, and I realized it for myself. He was right all along." She went to the kitchen for a moment and came back with a glass of water and a tissue box. I wiped my eyes and gratefully took a sip of water. I took another deep breath, trying to calm down. "If I were you," Emily said, a thoughtful look on her face, "I would take some time and really think. There are a lot of things that make up love besides love, things like security, and comfort, and happiness. You have to decide for yourself who makes you happiest." I laughed, a short 'ha'. "They both make me happy," I said, crumpling up the tissue in my hand. "Jacob…well, you know Jacob. He's wonderful. And Edward is…I love the way he makes me feel." "Well, it isn't going to be easy," she said. She sat back into the couch, the springs creaking. "If it was, you'd have already made a choice." "I already know how hard this is," I said. "I just want someone to help me decide." She smiled and turned her head, staring at something behind me. I turned around to see a picture on the wall; it was Sam and Emily, their arms around each other. Emily was smiling, her face brilliant despite the scars, and Sam wasn't looking at the camera but rather at her, the love in his eyes as unmistakable as the sun. I shook my head, trying to clear my thoughts. "When Edward left, I lost myself." I couldn't look at Emily as I talked, afraid of what I might see in her eyes. "I could barely breathe, let alone move on. Those months already proved to me what will happen if I turn him away. But when we were out there in the forest, and Edward told me that Jacob was hurt…I felt a piece of me die. And when I got to see him, all bandaged and broken, I was broken too." I started crying again, silently letting my emotions spill from me. Emily took my hand again. "I may be biased, but I can try to be as subjective as I can," she said. "I know Jacob better, and I know you better when you're with Jacob than when you're with Edward. All of that aside, this time would have one huge difference from the last time: this time, you'd be making the choice yourself. Maybe, if you told Edward to leave instead of him leaving you, it would be easier for you. And, you'd always have Jacob to help you through it this time. I'd be there for you, too, you know, and the rest of the pack. We all love you already." I looked up at that, my nose so stuffed that I had to breathe through my mouth in gasping drags. She looked so sad. "When you picked Sam, did you regret it?" I asked. She was quiet for a moment, thinking. "I didn't have the same dilemma as you, but you're right. I had to choose between Sam and Leah. But, now that I'm here, I don't regret it at all. I'm still sad about what I did, but the payoff was worth it, in the end." I stared out the window, watching the trees outside sway in the wind. I tried to block out my thoughts, afraid that, if I considered the decision again, I'd break down again in front of Emily. "You just have to decide who means more to you," she said kindly. I closed my eyes, unable to bring myself to look at her, at her house, at anything that reminded me of Jacob or the pack. "Thank you, Emily," I said, standing. I needed to leave, to be on my own. I needed to think. "I think I'm going to go home and think." She nodded. "No matter what, my door is always open." I couldn't stop myself from looking into her eyes, into the scars that I knew could have just as easily have been mine if Jake had let himself phase in the garage when I told him about Edward changing me, what felt like an eternity ago. She was so sincere that it made my heart ache even more. "Thanks again," I said, suddenly in a hurry to leave. I rushed out the door, leaving her standing there watching me go. I wandered around on the beach again, trying to hold myself together. My mind raced, flipping between my future with Jacob and my future with Edward. I could see my life with Jacob playing out in front of me: the two of us walking down the beach, hand in hand; our children playing in the waves, their silky hair blowing in the wind; the pack, my family, gathered around in Emily's tiny living room for holidays. I could see myself growing old with Jacob, living a normal human life filled with my family and friends, not sacrificing anything for him. Except for Edward. I heard my phone go off again, but still I ignored it. The ringing stopped after what felt like forever, and the phone just sat heavily in my pocket. I stared into the waves until it went off again, singing. I pulled it out of my pocket and checked who was calling: