Prologue AU AH. Bella and Emmett are high school sweethearts who end up with broken hearts. After College when Emmett comes home with a new woman on his arm, how will Bella react? Can they ever get over the past or each other? Will they ever get back together? Untitled For Now. Bella POV I stood staring at the test in my hand. Positive. All I could think was how Emmett was going to hate me for ruining our futures. We were eighteen years old. We weren't ready for this. I breathed in trying to catch my breath. Should I tell him? Should I keep it a secret? Should I give the baby up? Abortion wasn't an option even if that was what Emmett wanted. I picked up the phone and called Emmett. "Emmett." I said softly, "Can you come over? We need to talk?" Charlie was at work this would be the best time. "Sure baby," He answered, "What's wrong?" "Nothing just come over," I answered, "Please." "Alright I'll be there in a few." I had never been more nervous in my life than I was as I waited for Emmett to arrive. I shook as I opened the door to let him. He had a big goofy smile on his face. The smile I loved. He leaned down and kissed me. "Hey," He said excitedly, "What's going on?" "Let's go upstairs to talk." I said softly, "It's important." He didn't follow me. His smile dropped. "Are we breaking up?" He asked me immediately. I tried to give him a reassuring smile. "Only if you want to." I responded to him. He followed me up the stairs, his smile returning to his face. He plopped on my bed and I sat on the edge. "Something happened Emmett." I said staring at him hands. I was afraid to look at him. "I'm so sorry." I hadn't gotten the words out and I was already crying. "Bella what is it honey?" Emmett asked, "I can't fix it if I don't know what it is." "It can't be fixed," I cried, "I'm pregnant Emmett." I still didn't look at him to scared to see his reaction. The silence was deafening. It felt like minutes were ticking by as I waited for him to say something. "I thought you were on birth control?" He managed to ask finally. I still didn't look at him. "I was. I am." I answered him, "I get the shot on time every three months.I..I don't know what happened." Neither of us spoke again for what seemed like forever. "Bella." He said softly, "Look at me." He placed his hand gently on my cheek and turned my head so I could see him. His face wasn't the angry expression I'd expected to see. He looked as scared as I felt. "What are we going to do?" I asked quietly. "What can we do?" "We are going to tell our parents," He said softly, "We are going to let this sink in. We are going to make a plan." We waited two weeks before we told our parents. They were disappointed but supportive. They wanted to help however they could. Well Charlie was a little pissed. There was quite a bit of yelling on his end. We told our friends and Alice was of course beyond excited. 4 Months later I lay on bed my computer resting on my now enlarged stomach as I searched through baby names that I liked. We were having a girl. I sighed wishing I had asked Emmett to stay home instead of going to the party that Mike Newton was throwing with the rest of the football team. He promised me wouldn't drink and he would just be a phone call away though. I closed my laptop setting it aside. I heard a bump downstairs and felt uneasy. Charlie was out fishing with Billy and Emmett would call before coming over to make sure I wasn't sleeping. I stood up and quietly opened my door. I immediately shut it back as quiet as I could be. Someone was in my house. I reached for my phone to call Emmett. Panicking, unable to think straight. It rang and rang before going to voicemail. I jumped as my bedroom door swung open. I blinked having a hard time comprehending what I was seeing. "Demetri?" I said nervously, "Why are you in my house?" I gripped my phone tighter in my hand. "I figured you were an easy lay." He said moving closer, "I knew you were probably here alone. I overheard Emmett telling Jasper how worried he was. Cute." "Demetri I think it's best you leave." I responded trying to keep my voice firm but it wavered. "Now." He moved closer to me and shoved me on the bed. My nightgown riding up as he did so. I swallowed hard. "Stop," I pleaded, "Don't do this." "Why?" He asked yanking my underwear down, "You think you are too good for me you dumb slut?" He pulled a knife from his pocket before letting his jeans fall around his knees. "You behave and maybe you the baby will make it out alive?" He spat him face, "Okay?" I was unable to answer as sobs wracked my chest. I closed my eyes unable to watch what was happening. Ten minutes passed as I wondered if it would ever end. He pulled away from and I realized he was trying to change my position. I don't know what came over me but I punched him and went to run. He caught me at the top of the stairs. A wicked smile spread across his face as he shoved me down them. I tried to protect my stomach as I rolled down the stairs. The cell phone bounced out of my hand. Demetri walked down the stairs and promptly kicked me in the face. I cried and tried to curl up as he used me as a punching bag. Each blow more painful than the next. Finally he stopped. I could barely breathe. I heard the front door close. I painfully edged my way half way back upstairs where my phone had fallen. I dialed Emmetts number over and over. He wasn't answering. Sharp pains pierced my belly. I cried as I gave upon Emmett and dialed Alice's number. "Bella honey? Alice spoke, "What's wrong? Why are you crying?" "Alice..." I spoke, "Help me Alice." I couldn't manage to say more, I was barely able to breathe. The pain was all consuming. I was barely conscious when Alice and the ambulance arrived. Why hadn't I thought to call an Ambulance? Alice grabbed my hand. "It's okay Bella," She said softly, "We will get you help. It's gonna be okay." I was loaded into the ambulance. More pain spread throughout my belly. "My baby." I cried, "What's wrong?" "Bella." The medic said softly, "I need you to stay calm. The baby is coming now." "NO," I panicked, "It's too soon. It's only six months." "I'm sorry," The medic said, "We can't stop it. There is a chance if we get to the hospital and get her on machines she will recover with time." "Can't wait baby's crowning now." The other medic yelled. "You have to push Bella." I cried as I did. "That's good," The medic encouraged, "Again Bella. Come on." I pushed and I pushed until she was out and I was exhausted. I didn't hear her cry. "What's wrong?" I asked, "What's wrong?" "I'm sorry Bella." The medic said softly, "She's already gone." My world faded to black. I woke apparently what was only thirty minutes later in a hospital bed. Doctors had taken care of my immediate needs and were assessing what else needed to be done. The doctors wouldn't let me go back to sleep. They needed me awake for tests to make sure I hadn't sustained a concussion. Emmett burst in the room looking panicked and ran to my side. The smell hit me like a ton of bricks He smelled like vodka. "Get out." I looked up coldly at him, "Now." "Bella?" He asked softly, "What are you talking about?" I broke. "GET OUT NOW," I screamed, "YOU SAID YOU WERE A PHONE CALL AWAY! THAT YOU WOULDN'T DRINK! I TRIED TO CALL SO MANY TIMES. LEAVE. GET OUT." I felt a sharp prick in my arm and everything faded to black. Emmetts POV I had told Bella I wouldn't drink but everyone was calling me a pussy and I couldn't have that. I started on the vodka. Jasper shook his head. He wasn't drinking because he was driving and that was all the reason he needed. Okay. So I was a little drunk. Lauren walked up to me in that little mini skirt and started dancing on me. I yanked her into the bathroom and smashed her face to mine. God. She as was a good kisser. I was suddenly yanked from the bathroom and fist crashed into my face. I looked up to see my brother Edward standing over me. "Check your phone you God Damn Asshole." He snapped at him and pulled my phone out. I had eleven missed calls from Bella. Six from Alice. Three from Jasper who had apparently left. I panicked. "Bella." I said jumping to my feet. Emmett pushed me back down. Prologue AU AH. Bella and Emmett are high school sweethearts who end up with broken hearts. After College when Emmett comes home with a new woman on his arm, how will Bella react? Can they ever get over the past or each other? Will they ever get back together? Untitled For Now. Bella POV I stood staring at the test in my hand. Positive. All I could think was how Emmett was going to hate me for ruining our futures. We were eighteen years old. We weren't ready for this. I breathed in trying to catch my breath. Should I tell him? Should I keep it a secret? Should I give the baby up? Abortion wasn't an option even if that was what Emmett wanted. I picked up the phone and called Emmett. "Emmett." I said softly, "Can you come over? We need to talk?" Charlie was at work this would be the best time. "Sure baby," He answered, "What's wrong?" "Nothing just come over," I answered, "Please." "Alright I'll be there in a few." I had never been more nervous in my life than I was as I waited for Emmett to arrive. I shook as I opened the door to let him. He had a big goofy smile on his face. The smile I loved. He leaned down and kissed me. "Hey," He said excitedly, "What's going on?" "Let's go upstairs to talk." I said softly, "It's important." He didn't follow me. His smile dropped. "Are we breaking up?" He asked me immediately. I tried to give him a reassuring smile. "Only if you want to." I responded to him. He followed me up the stairs, his smile returning to his face. He plopped on my bed and I sat on the edge. "Something happened Emmett." I said staring at him hands. I was afraid to look at him. "I'm so sorry." I hadn't gotten the words out and I was already crying. "Bella what is it honey?" Emmett asked, "I can't fix it if I don't know what it is." "It can't be fixed," I cried, "I'm pregnant Emmett." I still didn't look at him to scared to see his reaction. The silence was deafening. It felt like minutes were ticking by as I waited for him to say something. "I thought you were on birth control?" He managed to ask finally. I still didn't look at him. "I was. I am." I answered him, "I get the shot on time every three months.I..I don't know what happened." Neither of us spoke again for what seemed like forever. "Bella." He said softly,