Lost and Found ~o0o~ It was subtle at first. Rumours and talk about the possibility that lay in front of them. People were hurting after the war, and while muggles resorted to forgetting by reaching the bottom of a bottle, wizards had wands, didn't they? So why not use them? But, as mentioned, it had all been talk. Until it wasn't. They had emerged, ready to take advantage of poor suffering souls. Professional Obliviators, they called themselves. Menace, Hermione thought. She'd tried warning them all. Together with Kinglsey she had worked to inform everyone of what they truly doing, wanting them to realise that the road towards healing didn't lie with some magical solution. She should have known better. These were people who rarely suffered longer than necessary and had potions and spells for just about everything. Kingsley had been extremely apologetic, but in the end, the power lied with the people. All he could do was make sure no one attempted to Obliviate themselves without proper experience and knowledge. And so the Obliviators won. My parents can't remember I even exist, Hermione thought whenever there was a mention of more people using this method, but they didn't have a choice. And here people are willingly forgetting their loved ones. She was disgusted, she was appalled, horrified, she was tired. We're letting him win! she wanted to shout at them. Voldemort wins if we all forget the one thing he never learned to do: love! But she couldn't help them beyond what she'd already done, and so Hermione resigned herself to care for those around her instead. Then that terrible evening at the Burrow happened. They'd all been gathered for dinner when George entered through the door, greeting them all with a smile. That had been enough for everyone to see that something was wrong, but the lack of shadows under his eyes, the lightness his steps carried and the absence of alcohol in his breath suggested something was truly amiss. "What have you done!" Mrs. Weasley had shrieked at her son. "Of all the foolish—this is not how I raised you! Did your brother mean so little to you?!" "I do still remember him, Mum! I just don't remember the pain!" His mother stormed out of the kitchen, and as she passed, the rest of the family followed and left their dinner untouched. Harry and Hermione remained, not sure what to do. George had stepped out of the kitchen then, standing awkwardly by their seats, hands in his pockets. It was silent for a long time. "They . . . they can really take away the pain?" Harry asked, breaking the silence. "Without removing the memories themselves?" George nodded, smiling. "I remember having Fred in my life, it just doesn't hurt anymore to remember that, y'know?" And what Hermione saw fleet in Harry's eyes just then scared her. She knew she had to stop it. Which was how she found herself in front of the Archway at the Department of Mysteries. Having lived with Harry, Ginny and Ron for the first two years after the war, Hermione was familiar with the Black library, but she'd never dared look into some of the spells she'd found, for fear making things worse than they already were. What if he emerged as a corpse? Rotting and . . .No. She shook her head. Focus. Her job at the Department of Magical Law Enforcement had helped her gain access to the Ministry as a whole, but some coaxing had been necessary for her to get down here. Luckily, Justin Finch-Fletchley remembered their brief time together as fond. All that was left was to lie to everyone about she was doing and to enact a very, very dark spell. She faced the archway again. I can't let Harry do this. He needs you. Raising her hands above her head, she chanted, ferocious winds encircling her, as if trying to warn her one last time of what she was doing. But Hermione kept the chant going. When she'd been going for a couple of minutes, her voice straining a bit, there was a blurred shape visible in the archway. She kept going, her voice growing stronger. ". . . inveniet AMISSA !" A black head of hair, then shoulders, a body, and the man in front of her slumped down and she kneeled quickly, turning him to lie face up. "Sirius!" He mumbled something incoherent, shivering and struggling to sit up. "It's okay," said Hermione, heaving his body to lie more comfortably on the ground, his head in her lap. "I've got you, you're okay." She proceeded to pour whatever potions would help him recover from being not-dead for five years down his throat. After the fifth potion he gasped, eyes wide and breath uneven. "Wha—Herm . . . Hermione?" "Sirius, I'm sorry, but the explanations will have to wait. I'm going to give you a Sleeping Draught now, okay? You'll thank me later." He didn't even get a chance to protest before she forced him to ingest the whole thing. The book she'd found at Grimmauld Place had said that the Veil would have put him in a state that wouldn't make it dangerous when he got out again, but she wasn't about to take any chances. Also, she had no desire risking him having a meltdown right here in the Ministry. Putting a featherweight charm on the man, she hovered him next to her, all the while he was disillusioned. She hadn't been able to ask Harry for the invisibility cloak, not without potentially rouse suspicion. It wasn't an easy escape, but they made it to her flat safely. She set him down on her bed and removed the spell. In the light of her bedroom, she noticed that Sirius hadn't aged a day in the past five years. It would seem the archway had had him preserved. She checked his breathing once more and scanned for any injuries, but it came out blank. He was fine. Or at very least, physically fine. The relief hit her like a ton of bricks and before she knew what happened, she sobbed. She sobbed for Sirius, she sobbed for Harry, she sobbed for the happiness that the two of them would share, and then she sobbed for her parents. For being alone. For being tired and exhausted. And then that sobbing transformed into wailing, and she knelt down on the floor, clutching her own shoulders, wishing someone would hold her and let her rest finally. o0o0o0o0o0o0o When Hermione woke the next day she discovered she was on the floor. Her muscles ached and her eyes stung from the crying, but she paid that no attention. Her first thought was Sirius. He was sleeping soundly still, his hair resting on the pillow in flawless, straight locks. One had fallen into his face and Hermione brushed it gently away, sighing. She needed to prepare him for what had happened in his absence. Harry was all grown up and Hermione was under no illusion that that fact might not end up hurting Sirius a little. But she'd make him see. She'd tell them both to at least be grateful to have more time together. She'd make sure Harry came to treasure his memories, instead of wanting the pain gone. After changing in the bathroom and getting herself ready for the day, Hermione heated some breakfast. Molly had sent food, worried lately about Hermione neglecting her meals. Which was warranted, Hermione had been busy with work and while preparing Sirius' return, there had barely been time for sleep. Once the food was on the table, Hermione returned to Sirius. Reaching for one of the many bottles on her bedside table, she unstopped it and poured it carefully into Sirius' mouth, his head lifted by Hermione's hand. Sirius coughed and rolled around to the side. Hermione retracted her arm and waited. His eyes blinked and adjusted to the sunlight slowly. "Where—where am I?" "Hello, Sirius," Hermione said, her voice unable to hold off a little shake. "How are you feeling?" "I'm fine," Sirius said, sitting up against the wall with a small grimace. "Hermione, where am I?" "You're in my flat." "What?" That's when Sirius looked at her fully. For the first time, he appeared to notice the change in her, how she didn't have the face and body of a fifteen year old anymore. The moment this registered, his eyes grew wide and his brows knit together. "Hermione, what happened?" She bit her lip. "You . . .You fell, Sirius. You fell through the veil. It's been five years since." Sirius swallowed. "Harry?" Hermione smiled. "He's alive and well. Voldemort was defeated three years ago." "Bellatrix?" "Gone, dead. Molly took care of her." Not before Bellatrix marked Hermione for life, but no need to bring that up, she wore that scar proudly. Realising something, she added, "And Peter Pettigrew met his end too." Sirius was quiet for a while, looking as if he was glad to hear the news, but obviously had other questions gnawing on him from the inside yet asking nothing. As if he was afraid to know the answer. Hermione answered for him. "Remus and Tonks . . .they . . .they didn't make it, I'm afraid." "No." Sirius' hands rose up to clutch his face as his upper body hunched over into itself. "You should lie down, Sirius," said Hermione. "You need rest." "I'm fine!" Sirius snapped, making her flinch. He looked away, guiltily, and swallowed. "I'm sorry, it's just—" "A lot to take in. I understand." Again, Hermione waited. This time for the news to sink in. When he appeared a bit calmer, she said, "They had a son. Tonks and Remus. Teddy. He's three." "Remus had a son?" Sirius suddenly laughed. "That's amazing, never thought he'd dare. We all told him several times he was being ridiculous of course, lycanthropy doesn't transfer that way, but he refused to listen. Was he happy?" "About Teddy? Of course. Although, he did have some concerns when he found out Tonks was pregnant." Sirius chuckled. "Bet he had a meltdown, poor sod." Hermione smiled. "Harry set him straight, scolded him for not being there for his wife and unborn child." "Sounds like Harry," said Sirius. He paused. "When can I see them? Harry and Teddy?" Hermione blinked in surprise at the question. "Erm . . ." Sirius gave her a sad, understanding look. "It's not every day Sirius Black returns from the dead. I reckon you need to prepare them for that." "I do," she answered, grateful for his co-operation. "I think I'll speak with Harry and some other people, help them understand that you're not an Inferi that talks or something. And I need to make sure that there aren't any side effects from the Veil. It would be awful if Harry got his hopes up, only to have you . . ." Sirius nodded grimly. "Sounds reasonable." "I'm sorry, I know that you've spent so much time locked away and now I'm doing it to you again—" "Hermione, Hermione," Sirius hurried, holding a hand up. "You have nothing to apologise for. If me staying here spares Harry pain, then I'll stay." "Really? You were so miserable in Grimmauld Place, I'd hate for you to go through that again." "I was miserable because I hated that house. This place . . .looks nicer." Sirius smiled. Then he looked around, his eyes searching the floor. "Crookshanks?" "Oh," Hermione said. "Don't tell me he also . . .?" "No—it's not that!" Hermione moved to the door, opening it. Immediately, an orange ball of fur sprinted inside, hopped on the bed and began stroking himself against Sirius. "I didn't want him disturbing your sleep, so I shut him outside. He wasn't particularly happy about that." "That's because he missed me," Sirius said, and Hermione pretended not to see the glistening in his eyes. She excused herself to get him