AN: I don't own Twilight or the characters :) Thank you for sticking around guys. This is the first chapter of my new story called Bitter Love and i hope you like it. Don't forget to check out all the pictures of this chapter at the official blog which is posted on my profile. Please do not disturb Reading ;) Chapter 1 Let me tell you something Bella Pov "Dad I got a great apartment with Rachel in Brooklyn. It's safe and it's something I can afford" I hold my phone to my ear as I haul a cab from JFK airport to take me to my new home. "Isabella Jane Greene! I don't care if you can afford the apartment or not. I need to know that you going to be safe and Brooklyn is far" "Dad, you and mom live in Greenwich Village, don't exaggerate. The apartment building is brand new, the apartments are the perfect size and they have a 24/7 doorman" I needed to win his approval because he is a tough. "I would rather give you the apartment that we are selling in Soho and have you two stay there instead. I'll charge you same amount that you are going to pay and the location is much better and closer to me". "Daddy I need to stand on my own two feet here. It's not like I don't know the city, I was born here for crying out loud" I hear him about to open his mouth. "Just because I went to college in England and lived two years in Chicago doesn't mean I'm out of tune. You and mom have done your dues in raising me and my siblings and it's time for us to let go" "For what I paid for all of you during college I expect for you to listen to my orders and agree to my proposal" I laugh. "I am my father's daughter" my dad was a tough guy to handle but I loved to make him laugh whenever I can. He breathes in frustration. "Fine. Be sure to call your mother later, I'm sure she would like to see you at her office tomorrow or the day after" "Yes sir" I comply "I have to go sweetheart, have a safe trip home" "Love you daddy" I reply and hang up. Being back in New York made me happy, it's the city that I love and has loved me back. I haven't been here in seven years, five years of college and two working in Chicago. I studied in Cambridge University and got my got my degree in Art History with a specialization in contemporary art, I worked hard through college and got my diploma with the highest honors in my class which made my parents proud and even though I didn't expect to get a well-respected job quickly at 21 years old, I got a job at a local art museum in Chicago as a curator and got an offer from the MOMA or Museum of Modern Art here in New York since they were impressed with what I did for the exhibition scene in the windy city. Now I'm back with a new job as assistant curator. The cab stopped right in front of my building and I immediately got some help from a man who was cute and was nice enough to carry my luggage to the elevator. "I'm Caleb" I puts his hand out and we shake. "I'm Bella and thank you for helping me" "It was my pleasure; I live on the 4th floor. We should hang out some time". "Sure" I respond He gets off of the elevator, leaving me to go to my apartment on the 7th. "Hello…" I open the door and I'm instantly attacked by my best friend and now roommate Rachel Lopez. "My wife is home at last! I was worried I would have to touch myself tonight" We share a hug that was 4 years too late. The last time we saw each other we were both in college and she came to England with Laura for summer break so we could do our European Road Trip together. "As if you don't touch yourself when I am here" I arch my eyebrow. "That is very true. I can't believe you're here! You are such a bitch for leaving me here after high school" "I'm always a bitch according to you" I take a minute to sit in our new cozy living room. "You a bad bitch what can I say" she sits next to me. "Are you tired?" "A little but I suppose we can head out and buy some things for the apartment" The apartment wasn't empty by all means, the big furniture like the couch, beds and dining room table had arrived yesterday and Rachel supervised the whole thing. "Let's not procrastinate because we have a lot do to today and I plan on taking you out tonight Isabella Jane Greene" "Rach I'm so tired I don't know if I can even go to dinner" "Aww the poor baby" she hugs me as I put my head on her lap. I feel her hot breath on my ear. "We are going out, now move it" she slaps me on the butt causing me to shriek out. Edward Pov "Fuck…." I swear as I watch CNN News from my office in downtown Manhattan. Today, Walter James Taylor has been fired and fined for 100 million dollars after a judge found him guilty of deceptive financial fraud, hiding statements that are sent to every CEO and CFO of publicly traded companies for them to sign and be accurate to their annual reports. Taylor will not go to prison for his felony's but he will have to pay the hefty amount of money to his former employees and associate Ronald Hoffman. This case has been going on for a year with both parties hiring two of the best lawyers in New York City, one in particular being corporate lawyer Charlie Greene from Greene & Co. Mr. Greene won the case for his client Ronald Hoffman by providing the incriminating information to the jury and judge which ultimately caused the demise of Walter James Taylor. These former business partners started their W&R Tech company ten years ago in college making it one the fastest growing computer software services in the country. (They show Walter walking out of court with his lawyer, ignoring the hungry reporters and leaving in the back of a silver SUV). This is all we have at the moment but stay tuned for the final words of Ronald Huffman, the man who will have the total control of the company from this day forward. We also expect a name change of the company by the end of the week. I can't watch this shit anymore and turn off the flat screen T.V. Walter was my best friend and seeing this happen to him was killing me inside. We both started on our own in college and became quick friends, we were even roommates at one point in Boston while I was studying in Harvard and he was getting his degree in MIT but it was something nobody knew. "I'm sorry to bother you Mr. Smith but I have Walter Taylor on the line" "Thank you Patricia" I make sure that the conversation would be private and accept the call. "Smith" I answer "I don't know what the fuck I'm going to do man, I'm ruined" he admits to me. "You are innocent Walter. I believe in you and I will help you in every way I can" "Of course I'm innocent, that piece of shit Ronald wanted me out of my own company and he accomplished it. Those papers were altercated and falsified" "Walter I'm going to get you on the phone with my attorneys because yours didn't do shit for you" "I know and to go up against a heavy weight like Charlie Greene I needed a miracle. He is the person to blame Edward, I fucking know it" "He's just crook lawyer Walter. If someone's to blame it's Huffman for even stealing that information from you" "Edward, it wasn't Huffman who framed me. It was Charlie Greene" he accuses. "You see…." He starts explaining but then stops. "Fuck…I can't tell you on the phone. Meet me at Keens Steakhouse at 7 pm" "I'll be there but are you okay?" "I want to fucking strangle someone right now" "You just avoided jail time Walter" I try to calm him down. "You don't the full story Smith" he hangs up on me. What the fuck is going on? Bella Pov Rachel and I have been at Homegoods for an hour now and I think we went out of hand because not only did we get the last decorating items but we also hit up Ikea and Target for more home stuff, including kitchen appliances and tools. "We need to check out!" I push my shopping cart and place it in front of hers. "But I want this precious tiger" Homegoods was famous for selling oversized stuffed animals for kids bedrooms at 70 dollars apiece. She couldn't keep her hands off it and at one point she decided to mount it and take it for a ride. "I want it" She tries to convince me. "There is no room in our small apartment and wild animals deserve to be free" Good excuse Bella. "You are no fun" She walks away taking her cart filled with goodies to the cashier. We arrived at the apartment around lunch time with bags and bags of stuff. "I'll start placing the stuff for the kitchen, and you start doing the kitchen" Rachel suggests. I nod and hid myself into our relatively large bathroom for New York standards because we have a full size tub which was a must for us. I hear a knock on the door. It must be the Vietnamese food we ordered for lunch. The door closes. I was ripping our soup from the plastic when I felt two towels being targeted at my head. "What the hell?!" I turn around "You flirtatious little thing" she giggled "What did I do now?" "Our interested new neighbor Caleb wanted to know if we needed any help, or better yet if you needed any help with anything" "Oh…I thought it was the food" I turn back and continue with my chores. "Yes ohhh, that guy was salivating to be in your presence. I had to tell him that you weren't home" she laughs "The situation with him has nothing to do with me. I am just a people person and he offered to help me with my bags, you knew I was coming and you didn't even help me!" I defend myself "Thank god I didn't! You had more than enough hands!" "Don't even…" I give her a stern look; In return she sticks her tongue out at me. It took us the rest of the afternoon to fix up the apartment the way that we wanted it and when it was done we both feel into our beds to take a long nap. "Bella! Bella! Wake up woman!" I scoffed and try to get her hands off of my body. "Isabella Greene get your ass out of that bed! You have an hour to get ready before I call the car to pick us up" "I'm sleepy! Leave me alone!" "Move it!" she doesn't care about my feelings. The softness of the bed was so good I didn't want to get out of it but hearing Rachel's threats made me wake up. I start rummaging through my closet and go for a casual look that didn't need a lot of effort. I go for an all grey look that consisted in some jeans, a tang top and a leather jacket, since it was kind of chilly outside considering it was