"Potter, Harry" The stern Scottish woman called from her parchment. Poppy yawned discreetly, after the excitement and thrill of the train journey she was feeling rather weary. Not to mention the scars on her back were itching as she hadn't applied any ointment since she first woke up. Part of her was thrilled to be here another was rather bored. She had read the customary Hogwarts, a history which was honestly a great read but some facts seemed a bit embellished and other facts curiously absent. Poppy honestly didn't think she would ever be here. Her papa wasn't too fond of Hogwarts. Then again, her uncle attended Hogwarts and made a few comments about what house she might be in before he died and she went to live with her papa. She couldn't really remember because she was so young but thought back fondly on him talking about the Houses. Poppy watched in fascination as the Harry Potter sat upon the stool, the sorting hat looking ridiculously large atop his head. He was just a young boy – surprisingly her age – and looked no greater than any other first year. In fact, he looked scruffier and smaller than most. Poppy evaluated the boy in front of her with shrewd eyes like she was taught. Untidy, home cut hair meaning his guardian doesn't care about his outward appearance and presentation to the world. Reasonably expensive robes, tailored but not buttoned and wearing in the correct manner so he has money but no one has shown him the differences in styles. Glasses were outdated, unfashionable and looked cheap. Thin and small. Very thin and small. Quiet manner looks uncomfortable in front of a crowd and is hunching as if ashamed – low self-esteem and confidence. From her knowledge of Harry Potter, he was an orphan like her. His guardians must not care for him. Not physically abused, but emotionally and mentally? Yes, neglected. He cares too much what others think of him but doesn't know how to make a good public front, definitely neglect but not too severely. As Poppy analysed the boy, she remembered what her papa said to her, "Poppy dear, Harry Potter survived a killing curse but this does not make him powerful. He is merely a part of the bigger picture. Different magic and forces protected him, those unique circumstances happen once in a lifetime but nothing the boy did, or is, had any influence. If it was you, it would have had the same outcome" Poppy knows she shouldn't look up to the papa anymore. After all, she did run away and start a new life at bloody Hogwarts to get away from him. But he never lied to her. She didn't agree with his dark magic and twisted view of the world but he was rarely wrong. Try as she might, she still loved him. Shaking her head she came back into focus as the sorting hat screamed, " GRYFFINDOR" The table on the right roared and praised the boy-who-lived as a member of their House. She actually thought some might be weeping. Poppy felt pity for the boy, she knew what it was like to try and live up to unachievable expectations. She decided then she would try to give some normalcy to him. " Stark, Poppy" The Scottish women called again. Poppy made her way confidently to the front. She had an easy smile and big hopeful eyes but inside she was sweating and heart was pounding. That was because Poppy had no idea why she received a Hogwarts letter. You see, she was abandoned in an orphanage just before her first birthday. She never knew her biological parents but was luckily adopted by her uncle. He was a British Wizard and attended Hogwarts but only actual British citizens ever received letters. It meant that she, herself, was British. It gave her a tiny clue to her identity - though something that could be reasonably assumed - it was now confirmed. Her uncle never spoke to her about where she came from or who her parents were but it was quite possible, very possible, if they were magical (which statistically was more likely) they would have attended Hogwarts. She didn't know if the Professors would recognise her, maybe she looked like her parents? Or her sperm donor and egg carrier she preferred to think of them as. The ignored the old familiar pang of shame when thinking of being abandoned. She never knew why she was unwanted and from then on a desire to be the best was her goal in life... Unfortunately, that path led her to her papa after her uncle's death. Anyway, Poppy didn't have a second name and the letter didn't even state a surname as she couldn't really go by her uncle's surname and definitely would not go by her papas. In the letter to accept, she wrote her current second name and it must have been added. As Poppy sat on the stool, she ignored the stunned and cliche ' like she's seen a ghost look ' from the Professor at her side as Poppy looked back and smiled calmly. She hoped to god no one knew of her biological donors. Poppy's hair was dark – almost black and eyes a bright emerald. Her hair was streaked with two white lines that framed her face. This was the result of her great escape from her papa and proof of her animagus form. She tried to dye the hair but it would not budge. The pure white lines would stay. Evidence. The hat was placed atop her head. ' Now now... where to put you...' The hat spoke inside her mind. Poppy did not outwardly react to the surprise. Making brief eye contact with the Professor, she saw the woman visibly startle at seeing her eyes, her own brown orbs widening in response. She ignored her. 'I don't suppose Slytherin?' She asked hopefully. The hat chuckled and replied, 'You do have surprisingly sharp cunning and ruthless mind for a child but these traits aren't you natural for you. I understand you rebelled quite strongly against this...' Poppy felt a stab of panic and shame at the mention. 'You have little to no ambition and this would not suit Slytherin, perhaps Ravenclaw might suit you well... truly brilliant mind. You will go far, of that I have no doubt. I have never been wrong. Very loyal, hard working, seen horrors no one, never mind child should have seen...' Poppy ignored the thundering of her heart and kept her limbs relaxed, a look of small nervousness and excitement masked firmly on her face. She felt eyes boring into her back from the Professor's table and the looks the Professor at her side was giving someone behind her wasn't helping. 'I believe either Slytherin or Gryffindor for you, your preferred choice?' 'Slytherin' She replied immediately, with a little relief. The hat seemed to hum, 'are you sure not Gryffindor? you would do exceptionally well there. House of the brave. Your strongest trait is your courage and resilience. It was very brave to leave everything behind to start a new life' 'No, Slytherin's fine for me. I'm bloody tired of being brave' She replied, irritation seeping into her body. Who wanted to be brave? No, it was something you had to be, not wanted to be. Being afraid and doing what has to be done to survive. That was bravery. It wasn't something she wished upon anybody. Why would she want to keep being afraid? The hat nodded on her head, 'good choice, many great witches and wizards have come from Slytherin House' Poppy immediately scowled and struggled to keep her face impassive, 'I don't want to be great ' she protested internally, 'I want to be good ' Almost immediately the hat bellowed, "GRYFFINDOR" Poppy tried to keep the rage from showing on her face. Bloody hat. How dare it. Outwardly she sent a lazily grin to the Professor on her right who was looking a little teary eyed and a little bit like she, Poppy, was a miracle... The newly sorted first year beamed and waved, being accepted into the loudly cheering table. Poppy sat down next to Harry Potter and smiled at him happily. "Hey, Poppy Stark. And you?" She asked, pretending she and everyone in this Hall didn't know. The boy looked pleasantly surprised and a little awkward sitting there, "Harry. Harry Potter" He said quickly with a grim smile. She nodded happily, "Lovely to meet you Harry, Harry Potter. Is it just me that finds the goo-goo eyes and obsessive looks in our direction ridiculously creepy?" She raised her voice at the end and pointedly started at a few people further down the table. The girls blushed and looked away while whispering to each other. The boy looked surprised, perhaps by her bluntness but smiled genuinely, "You have no idea. People actually bowed to me in Diagon Alley" He confessed quietly but with a little relief. Poppy threw her head back and laughed, "bowed? Like what you were a prince or dictator" She guffawed incredulously. As her papa used to say, ' never be surprised by the idiocy of the masses '. She donned a star gazed look and gasped, "My deepest apologies, Prince Harry. How shameful of me not to worship myself at your feet? I am so embarrassed, grand emperor. Would you like to me hand feed you? Kiss your hand? Anything to make up for my slight upon your honour, your majesty" She gushed. Harry himself, was chuckling and nodding with wide eyes as if to say, 'that's exactly how people are acting. Crazy isn't it?' At that moment, someone decided to but into the conversation from across the table. "No way. I can't believe it. Your really Harry Potter. Did you really survive the killing curse? Can I see your scar?" The boy gushed, he must have been a third year perhaps but clearly had more bravery than the people around him who were all staring avidly at the fringe of Harry's hair. It made her feel sick. Harry seemed to duck his head and look uncomfortable again. She hated idiots. "Are you actually kidding me? Who do you think you are? How rude can a person get" She demanded with a frown. The boy with sandy hair, looked surprised then scoffed at her, "Rude? Your the one hogging Harry Potter to yourself" Poppy started directly into the boys eyes with a look of intense dislike, "Hogging him? He isn't a toy, he's a human being. I am not hogging him and actually, I was referring to you asking him to recount the night his parents were murdered. What is wrong with you? Can I see your scars? Has anyone ever tried to murder you? Or permanently scarred your body? Would you like to tell the whole bloody story to the Great Hall? Maybe it's rude and disgustingly shameful to ask someone to recount the night again, their parents were murdered" Poppy did not shout at the end but almost hissed the words. Her temper did not burst and was not fiery but was ice cold burning that crept through her veins like blood. The boy paled, muttered an apology and ran away from her. This was the house of the brave? Poppy scoffed and then continued listening to the last few people getting sorted. A red head boy just came to sit next to her, a few other redheads clapped him on the back in congratulations. She felt a tap on her shoulder and looked at the boy on her left. He looked serious but kind of startled, "Um thanks for that... people don't really put two and two together and how hard for me to talk about it..." He said very quietly, eyes cast down. Poppy sighed, "don't worry about it. I know how much it sucks. I'm an orphan too