Genesis 2 The Amulet of Artemis April 24, 1950 "So where too?" asked Bella looking at her guide book. It was 1950 and the two of them were in Greece exploring the country having just bought a plane now that the technology had advanced enough that they were a little safer. It was only a two passenger, but then they didn't really need anything bigger. Jasper had learned how to fly it at vampire speed as had Bella and Jasper had been able to produce fake pilot licenses that should pass all inspections. "It doesn't really matter to me," Jasper told her. "Why don't we really explore and not just all the tourist sites, but really out of the way places?" Bella suggested. "We didn't just come here to see the sites that every tourist sees. Of course I want to see those to, but also really explore and discover really out-of-the-way spots that not many people if any find because they aren't willing to leave the cities or go off the beaten path." "Feeling adventurous are we?" asked Jasper teasingly although he was partly serious as well because he enjoyed finding very unusual sites along with his mate. "What can I say except that why should we go to sites that millions of tourists go to every year when we can literally explore this wild country?" asked Bella with a shrug not taking offense at her mate's teasing. "It isn't like we have to worry about being attacked by animals and being killed since our skin after all is impenetrable. I know that if I was still human I would be very leery of going off the beaten path afraid of being killed and eaten by a wild animal or something else, but since I'm not human anymore I don't see why we shouldn't really explore." "Alright then that is what we will do," Jasper agreed easily as he enjoyed going off the beaten path and finding out of the way spots just as much as his mate did. "Let us just make sure that we get us a good meal first just in case we don't find any humans on our adventure." "Good idea," Bella agreed. "Oh boy this is going to be fun I can hardly wait. Of course, anytime alone with you is always fun when we aren't surrounded by all the humans." "I totally agree with that statement," Jasper said as he took his mate into his arms and gave her a passionate kiss where his tongue demanded entrance to her mouth. Bella's and Jasper's tongue battled for dominance for a few minutes before they finally broke off the kiss. "I love you, Jasper, I don't think I tell you that nearly often enough," Bella told the love of her life. "I love you too, but I have to disagree about you telling me how much you love me. Your emotions and actions tell me of your feelings every day even if you don't say the words. Besides if we say I love you too often, like more than 50 times a day it will grow stale, don't you know?" Jasper added jokingly. Bella giggled just as Jasper had hoped she would. "Besides," he added more seriously. "You do tell me you love me every day and most of the time several times a day just like I tell you. Without you in my life I was adrift not really living my life, but more of a bystander then an active participant." "You are my life," Bella told him kissing him rather seriously. "And you are mine," Jasper assured her as soon as they had broken the kiss. "So shall we go and get ourselves some dinner, my mate?" asked Jasper with a smirk already knowing her answer. "You bet," Bella said looking eager. "Our only problem seems to be that there doesn't seem to be a really bad section of town not like in most cities anyway. Athens has got to be one of the cleanest places I have ever seen, in fact I know it is," Bella corrected herself. "All the buildings I have seen look so clean you can probably eat off the stone they are made of. Also all the buildings I have seen look extremely well-maintained and well-kept." "Yes I noticed that as well," Jasper agreed. "The buildings are certainly better maintained then all the cities I have seen in the States, because there some of the buildings are in a very good well-maintained condition while certain sections of the city are very poorly maintained and starting to fall apart." "Which is where most of the criminal population goes to and where we hunt most often," said Bella. Bella actually had nothing against hunting regular hardworking people and not just criminals and she and Jasper did that quite often, although they did mostly hunt people that wouldn't be noticed if they disappeared. "Let's get going. The sooner we get ourselves fed the sooner we can really start exploring," said Bella her excitement almost palatable. "Whatever you want," Jasper said taking his mate's hand and leading her out the door. ~~~Jasper and Bella~~~ Jasper and Bella pushed their way through a very thick undergrowth not even needing machetes as none of the thorns on the vines or sharp branches of the trees could penetrate their skin though they did rip the hiking clothes they were wearing. "Man this is some thick forest. There isn't much of a path, which tells me that not many if any people ever come here," Bella said not panting or sweating because as a vampire she didn't need to do either of these things. "There also isn't any human scent, not even a faint trace, which means you are correct and no humans have been in this area for a very long time. Probably years at least, if not decades." "I wonder why?" Bella mused. "I'm assuming that the Greeks like to go hiking or exploring just like other people all over the world, so it is kind of strange that this part of the forest is undisturbed." "Sacred?" Jasper suggested. "You think that the Greeks consider this forest as sacred or at least this part of it? I suppose that's possible," Bella mused. "Or maybe this place is considered haunted?" Jasper suggested with a wicked grin. "Ghosts, Jasper? You believe in ghost?" asked Bella laughing hysterically. Jasper shrugged reveling in the sound of his mate's happy laughter. "I don't necessarily believe in ghosts, but I figure if vampires are real that there are more things in heaven and Earth then are dreamt of in our philosophy." "Way to misquote Shakespeare," Bella giggled. "It isn't that much of a misquote," Jasper protested laughingly as he continued to push his way though the very thick and tangled forest. "A couple of words is all." "If you say so," Bella teased. "I do say so," Jasper teased right back. Bella didn't reply verbally just rolled her eyes. Silence fell between them as they continued pushing their way to the thick undergrowth until finally they broke out of the tree into a large clearing. "Well at least we're finally out of that undergrowth," Bella said looking around the clearing that was just like any other she had to seen over the years, except for the fact the trees were enormous and much bigger then any other forest she had been on over the last twenty years. Also at one end of the clearing was what might have once been a marble altar, although it was covered in moss and brambles and one corner missing and looked like it had been worn away by time. "Do you think this was Altar of the shrines to the old Greek Gods of Olympus?" asked Bella eagerly as she went closer in order to examine it. "Probably," Jasper agreed nodding. "Maybe we should clear it off at least," Bella suggested. "I know there's nothing we can do about the corner that has worn away but we can at least clear off the brambles and clean off the moss." "Yes, it does seem disrespectful that it has been allowed to become so rundown," Jasper agreed feeling almost compelled by some outside force to clean off the altar. Bella and Jasper approached the altar and the first thing they did was start removing the brambles from the altar and throwing them off to the side. There was even one place where a tree limb had fallen across the center of it and had created a crack that zigzagged down the middle. "Well there's nothing we can do about the crack," Jasper said as he picked up the tree limb easily and threw into the woods. "No, which is a shame since this altar is made out of a very fine white marble and was once very beautiful." "Thank you for cleaning up my shrine," said an unknown female voice in heavily accented English. "No one has been here for hundreds of years and my shrine gradually became like you saw it." Jasper and Bella whirled around to see a beautiful woman with long flowing brown hair wearing some kind of helmet and also armor. "Who are you?" asked Jasper trying to contain his astonishment that he had not heard or even smelled her approach. "I am Artemis, goddess of the hunt, wild animals, wilderness, childbirth and virginity and this is my altar you have just cleaned off from centuries of neglect. I wanted to thank you for you are the first people I have seen in this part of the forest for centuries." "You're welcome," Bella said speaking for the first time. "May I know the names of the two people who have helped me?" ask Artemis. "I am Jasper Whitlock and this is my wife Bella." Artemis tilted her head detecting the lie about Bella being a Jasper's wife but willing to let it go for the moment when she saw how deep the bond between them ran. "What are you? Not only are you not Greek, you aren't human at all?" asked Artemis. Bella and Jasper looked to each other and seemed to be conferring silently and then Bella turned and faced the goddess answering, "We my lady, are vampires." "Vampires now there is a word I am not familiar with what exactly does it mean?" asked Artemis. "Vampires are technically no longer alive," Jasper explained. "All our organs are stopped, we do not age from the time of our change, we do not need to sleep, our skin is all but impenetrable and we are faster, stronger, smarter then any human." "And what is it you precisely eat, since all your organs are at a standstill or do you eat at all?" asked Artemis. "We don't precisely eat," Bella explained. "We drink blood actually." "Blood?" asked Artemis her astonishment plain. "You drink blood?" "Yes, I'm afraid so," Jasper said. "Our stomachs and organs cannot process any other substance." "How do you get this blood you have to drink?" asked Artemis just a little curious. "We hunt humans and then bite into a vein to drain their blood usually the neck," Bella explained. "Humans cannot fight us as we are so much stronger, faster and more indestructible than they are. In other words we are top of the food chain as not much at all can hurt us and other lifeforms are very fragile in comparison." "So you kill humans in order to feed yourselves," Artemis said. "Yes," Jasper told her. "And since your organs are stopped that means that you cannot reproduce?" Artemis said her words not really a question. "I'm afraid so," Bella said as a spasm of pain crossed her face. Artemis saw the pain that crossed both Jasper and Bella's faces and was able to guess that both wanted children, but were unable to have them due to being vampires, a state neither of them had asked for. "I