Genesis 3 Fate and Luck March 24, 2110 Bryon stood in the doorway of the club New Wave and observed the room. His red eyes, which looked hazel in the dim light, took in everything around him and it didn't seem to matter that the lights of the club were very dim by design. You might ask how Bryon could see every little detail of the room considering the lights were very dim and the answer would be simply that Bryon, along with his entire family were vampires, real vampires who lived off human blood. Bryon's family was quite large which was unusual by vampire standards, but what was also unusual was the fact that he and all his siblings were the real children of their parents and not just humans turned into vampires so that Jasper and Bella could have a family. How could two vampires have children you might ask? And the answer would simply be that Jasper and Bella had, run across the Shrine of Artemis in Greece and fixed it up as good as new without asking anything in return. In return for fixing her Shrine the goddess Artemis had given them a magical necklace that would allow even a vampire to have children and so Bryon and all his sibling's had been born. Bryon looked around the room again and spotted himself a target to drain of their blood on his second sweep. One of the reasons Bryon liked the New Wave so much was because it was a place that anybody could come and do whatever they wanted and no questions would be asked unless you were under 21 that is. The bartender was even disinterested in finding out your life story unlike most men of his profession in more reputable bars. Bryon came here often to find himself a meal since the New Wave didn't care what he did do so long as it didn't come back to bite them in the butt and that meant bringing the authorities to the club's door. Bryon also came here not to just find himself a meal, but to dance with other men and then feed off them afterwards for you see Bryon was gay and had known it for about fifty years. Of course the human men didn't live very long after Bryon was done playing with them as he made a meal off them after he had relieved his sexual tension by letting whatever man he was dancing with fuck him while he fucked them at the same time. He could masturbate true and he often did, but Bryon had discovered that letting other men relieve the sexual tension was much better as the orgasm was more powerful then doing it himself, even if it didn't really mean anything. Bryon had often longed for a relationship like the one his parents had or even Gerik and Brianna or Lindsey and Trey, but so far he had never been in a serious relationship that lasted more than a single night. Suddenly Bryon felt a prickling sensation as if somebody was watching him covertly and his gaze swept the room again and as his eyes fell on a human who was sitting at the bar seeming to be trying to drown himself in whatever alcohol he was drinking. Bryon saw the man throw a look over his shoulder in his direction again and when he saw that Bryon had noticed his covert glances he instantly turned away and Bryon knew that the human would be blushing bright red in embarrassment at being caught staring. Bryon was intrigued. There was something about him… Something that wanted to get to know him and possibly even go out on a real date with him, so Bryon immediately decided to get closer as he never ignored his instincts. As soon as the stool beside the man was empty Bryon was ready and slid onto the seat before anybody else could. Bryon saw the man, whom he didn't even know the name of, eye him covertly again and Bryon was immediately taken in by his gray eyes that were so light as to be almost colorless or at least they looked that way in the dim light. Have I finally found my mate? Bryon asked himself internally. I am drawn to him, almost like a magnetic to a lodestone. The second I looked in to his eyes, all I wanted to was protect him from the world and anybody or anything that could hurt him, intentionally or not. The demon inside Bryon growled in agreement with his thoughts and Bryon had to take a second to control himself as he had the strongest urge to bite the man sitting beside him and before he even knew his name. The bartender came to where Bryon sitting and handed him a drink. Bryon looked at the glass then back at the bartender and said, "I didn't order this." "It's from the young lady over at the table behind you," the bartender said. Bryon threw a covert glance over the table behind them and then immediately turned away when he saw that the girl was staring at him with obvious eagerness and lust on her face. Bryon knew that if he accepted the mug he of beer would be forced to at least spend some time with the girl whether he wanted to or not so he waved the bartender away and let him know that he wasn't interested in any drinks from her or any other girls. The bartender nodded looking surprised but it wasn't really his place to pry as that wasn't what he was paid for. "I didn't come here to pick up girls," Bryon informed the bartender calmly. "And I'll have a whiskey, neat, please." The bartender nodded and went to prepare Bryon's drink. When Bryon threw another look over his shoulder he saw the girl's disappointed look and Bryon hoped that that would send the girl a message that he wasn't interested in dancing, with her much less interacting with her in anyway. If she kept pestering him though, he had no problem with making a meal off her and draining her very life essence until she was dead, even though he usually preferred men for his meals he had no problem getting rid of a female that annoyed him, because if she was old enough to be in a place as disreputable as this then she was old enough to face the consequences of her actions. Seeing that one girl had failed to gain the attention of the handsome man seemed to put the fire under about a dozen other young women's asses who didn't seem to have anything better to do then to pester him to death. "Come on, dance with me," one of them said trying to look coy. "No thank you," Bryon told the blond haired beauty politely his body not reacting at all to the women who tried to entice him to pay attention to them. He ignored her disappointed look as the bartender brought his whiskey. "Can I buy you a drink?" asked another. "No, you cannot," Bryon said beginning to lose his patience. "If I want to dance with one of you I'll ask, but right now I just want to be left alone, so go away, please, I'm not in the mood to deal with fan chicks who don't know when to stop and leave a man alone." Some of the girls looked furious as his comments, but Bryon didn't particularly care as they were the ones that had started bothering him until he lost his temper and it took a lot to do that as he was normally very even tempered. In that way he was very much like his father who rarely lost his temper. "Can I have this dance?" Bryon asked turning to the dark haired man that he didn't even know the name of yet, who was sitting on the stool beside him not seeming to be paying attention to the chaos going on around him. The man looked up at him and blinked in surprise, but when he saw Bryon was serious nodded eagerly. "Ah," Bryon heard the girls mutter in disappointment as Bryon took the man's hand and led him out to the dance floor. "So do I get to know the name of the man that asked me to dance?" asked the dark haired man and he and Bryon began to sway on the dance floor. "My name is Bryon Franklin Whitlock, but you can call me Bryon and what is your name?" "Scott Nathaniel Blackwood is my name, but you can call me Scotty." Bryon immediately noticed that Scott had a very thick accent, that immediately identified him as coming from Scotland and he knew that if he didn't have his vampire hearing he probably would've had more trouble understanding Scotty. Well, that and the fact that he had spent a lot of time in Scotland and so was familiar with how the Scots talked and formed their words. "Scotland really was a beautiful country and he would love to go back sometime even if that was 5 or 600 years from now. "It's nice to meet you Scotty. I'm sorry if I put you on the spot, but those girls were really beginning to annoy me and it takes a lot to make me angry as normally I'm pretty even tempered." "It's alright," Scott said, blushing a little as he looked into Bryon's godlike face, his alcohol clouded senses disabling his ability to sense that Bryon was very dangerous as normally he would probably do his best to avoid someone that set off some kind of primitive instinct. At this moment that primitive instinct should have been warning him that Bryon was so dangerous that he should be avoided at all cost if he didn't want to lose his life, but also what he didn't know, but would soon was the fact that Bryon would never hurt him as that would be like sticking a knife in his own heart. Bryon was really the most handsome man Scott had ever come across and that was saying something considering he had dated a lot of handsome men in the last couple of years. With his wavy blond hair that was shoulder length, his eyes which looked hazel or maybe brown, although it was hard to tell in the dim light, his skin, which was completely white, without the normal pinkness that characterized a human's normal skin tone and his body, which was to die for or at least what he could see of it under Bryon's clothes. Any man in his right mind who was also gay or at least bisexual would be vying for his attention, not to mention the women as had already been proven just minutes ago. The way Bryon had brushed all those women off though had been mildly amusing as had the fact that even though those women had discovered he was gay it hadn't discouraged most of them in the slightest. "I saw you come in and I was thinking that there was no way you could be interested in anything but girls, but it turns out I was wrong about that, unless of course, you're just using me as a way to get away from that flock of girls and I won't blame you in the slightest if that is the case as they were being rather annoyingly persistent, even when you made it clear that you weren't interested." "And if I was?" asked Bryon getting hit with strong waves of Scotty's lust and desire and it was gratifying to know that Scotty desired and lusted after him, but if he didn't do something about it soon he was going to attack Scotty right out there on the dance floor and he definitely didn't want to hurt or embarrass him. "Then that's okay too although I've