Genesis 6 Double Kismet January 24, 2257 Rory Whitlock strolled down the sidewalk in San Francisco California with his hands in the pockets of his slacks and looked up at the sky. It was a beautiful, sunny day and normally he would never have thought about being outside in the sun if not for that new synthetic blood that had been invented over a century ago. Rory had to admit that the artificial blood wasn't too bad, although the real thing coming straight from the tap was definitely better. Rory could understand why he had to drink it though, because he for one didn't want to sparkle in the sun as he liked going out when it was not cloudy or rainy or nighttime and just enjoying the nice, hot, sunny day which he had been unable to do for the first 160 years of his existence or at least he hadn't around humans since the stuff hadn't been invented back when he was born in the 1950s. Rory sighed, and turned his face up to the sun just enjoying the heat of the suns rays he was getting and then after a minute continued on his way. He was pretty lonely, with no friends outside his family and he had never met a vampire female that didn't start getting on his nerves after awhile. Sure he had dallied with various vampire females over the years, but he normally wasn't with them for more than a decade or two at most before he broke up with them, if that long. What he would like, which he was sure would never happen, was to find a mate of his own just like his older brothers Patrick, Bryon and Trey and his younger sisters Chloe, Brianna as they were the only five so far to find mates of their own. Chloe's mate, who was and had been a vampire and not human had just shown up one day out of the blue and announced that he could see the future and that Chloe was his mate. That of course, had caused an uproar and it had taken their father's command for everybody to calm down and not attack the strange vampire. Chloe, of course, who had been staying with her parents for awhile at the house in Washington DC, which was much smaller then some of the other places the Whitlocks owned had instantly been drawn to him and the second they touched sparks had leaped off their joined hands, which had confirmed that Chloe and Josiah were indeed mates. The family hadn't exactly welcomed Josiah very warmly at first, but when they had seen how happy Chloe was they had started to welcome Josiah more heartily, despite his rather abrupt introduction. Chloe really hadn't been herself ever since she had been attacked and nearly raped so many decades ago and to see her more happy and lighthearted then she had been in a very long time made the rest of the family like Josiah just for that reason alone. Well he had better get going as he was supposed to meet his identical twin brother Rowan pretty soon as the two of them had been traveling together for the last ten years or so. Besides he had kind of sworn off dating and the way he relieved himself of his sexual tension now was just to fuck some random whore and then feed off her afterwards. Doing that was certainly better than masturbating as the climaxes were more powerful, but Rory still wanted to find true love and not just have sex to relieve himself and he knew that his twin brother felt the same. Rory supposed that it had a lot to do with the fact that his parents had always been so blissfully happy with each other and so were the five other mated couples in his family besides his parents and that kind of emotionally charged atmosphere started to affect you after awhile. Rory sighed again and continued his walk towards where he was supposed to meet his brother, which was at their hotel room. Suddenly Rory stopped and stood rigidly in the middle of the sidewalk as he felt as if someone was calling him. The voice was not spoken aloud, but mentally. Finally Rory shook his head sure he had imagined it started to move again since standing in the middle of a very busy sidewalk in the middle of a very poor district of San Francisco was not a very good idea. Rory started walking again and as he began moving away from where he had been standing he heard a mental wail of despair in his mind. Finally Rory turned back to where he had been standing and the realized right across the street was a very rundown building that Rory realized was a group home as he had no trouble reading the very faded sign from where he was standing. Nobody was outside at all even though it was a very sunny day. Shouldn't the children be allowed outside to play for awhile before dinner? Rory thought trying remember if he knew anything about how legit group homes were run. Finally Rory shook his head, took out his communicator and called his brother Rowan. "Yo?" Rowan answered. "Ro, do me a favor would you?" "Of course, bro," Rowan answered immediately. Rory told his brother everything as he walked along the sidewalk making sure to talk quietly so none of the humans could hear what he was discussing, but his brother could. "That is strange," Rowan finally agreed as soon as Rory was done. "I'll make sure I look into this St. Melton's group home for you and get back to you as soon as I can." "Thanks," Rory said as he hung up not even waiting for his brother's welcome. If anybody could find out all the facts about St. Melton's it was his brother, because he was a computer whiz even having gone to college and taken some classes. Rowan hadn't bothered to do the full college experience just taken some computer and engineering classes as that was what he was interested in and he had passed all the classes with a 4.0 average which translated into an A+ in all his classes. Their parents had been kind of leery of Rowan taking college courses afraid that he wouldn't be able to control himself while sitting so close to a bunch of teenagers in a very crowded classroom, but his brother had no problems and he had assured his parents of that fact. Once it was clear that Rowan could control himself their parents had relaxed a little and Rowan had seemed to enjoy going to school like a normal college aged student, although he had been careful to always wear his contacts or a pair of lightly tinted glasses that were weren't quite sunglasses and weren't really regular glasses either. The lenses were dark enough that nobody could tell the color of his eyes, and even if they looked closely Rowan's eyes would look either brown or hazel yet the lenses were also light enough so that the teacher didn't demand that Rowan take them off doing class since they weren't really sunglasses. Those kind of glasses had worked for Ro so well that the whole family had at least one pair for whenever they went out into the sun and were around a lot of humans and didn't attract as much attention as sunglasses sometimes did depending on the situation. In fact his brother seemed to enjoy going to college so much that every 10 to 15 years he took more engineering and computer science courses to keep himself up to date so that he always knew about the newest breakthrough or so he claimed and it might even have been true. Rory shook his head, his twin brother was as smart as they came, and he seemed to enjoy learning new things, but why he had to keep going back to college even if they he did it only every ten or fifteen years apart and in different States he had no clue. He and Rowan were a lot alike, but not in that way, for although he did enjoy learning new things, he preferred to do it out of the classroom and by reading books on the subject he was interested in or just by experiencing life in general. Rory supposed that if he wanted to learn something specific that could not be just gotten out of a book or by experiencing going on around him then he would take some college courses to, but probably online and not by sitting in a classroom for hours at a time. It wasn't that his control of his bloodlust wasn't as good as anybody else's in the family, but he'd always felt that he would be extremely uncomfortable if he had just sit there with twenty or thirty other students around him without moving and pay attention to the teacher or at least pretend too. Suddenly Rory's communicator beeped and he answered it before it could ring a second time as he was very anxious to find out about that group home because for some reason he couldn't fathom that building disturbed him, deeply or perhaps it was what or who was inside. "Yes?" Rory answered not feeling like it was time to chitchat with his brother or anybody else. "I found a lot of information on that group home for you," Rowan told him. "Well?" asked Rory shortly. Rowan for once knew better then tease his brother when he was in this kind of mood, for something about the building he had researched had disturbed his twin deeply, which was hard to do as not much in this world could scare a vampire since they were very nearly indestructible at least physically, although emotionally was a different story. "Well, there wasn't really much on any of the legitimate sites I found," Rowan began, "so what I did was hack into the government sites and found something very interesting." "Get on with it," Rory commanded. So Rowan told him what he had discovered when he had hacked into not only the government site but several others. Apparently the house had once been an actual residence, but had been turned into an group home in 2050. Humans had lived there once and had also died very violently. "So are you telling me you think it's some kind of supernatural thing that I heard calling out for me?" asked Rory in disbelief. "Of course not," Rowan told him calmly. "I'm just telling you what I discovered so far. I plan on doing a more in-depth background search, but even with as fast as I type that will take time as I don't want to burn out the keyboard." "So what do you suggest I do in the meantime?" asked Rory as he threw another glance at the group home across the street like he had been doing every minute or so since he had discovered it from where he was leaning against a signpost directly across from it. "Why don't you come back to the hotel and we'll discuss it when you get here," Rowan suggested a little tentatively not sure how his twin was going to react to the suggestion considering the mood he was in, "we really don't need to be discussing this kind of thing over an open line where anybody could be listening in." Rory sighed knowing that his brother was right and besides he really did need to apologize in person for snapping at his twin when it wasn't really his fault that he was so disturbed. "Alright," Rory agreed calming down as much as he was able given the situation. "Just make sure you have at least a couple of thermoses ready when I get there." Saying that let his twin know to have a couple