This is written from Bella perspective. Just so you know who I mean when I say I "Bella, are you still awake?" Instead of answering, I leaned back and fell off my bed and said "Does that answer your question, genius?" When I said this he picked me up and gave me a kiss, while Emmet cleared his throat. I looked at them with a frightened expression. When I finally turned my head toward Edward he saw my expression and said "Bella, what's wrong?" When he said this I got up and started pacing my room. They all looked at me and then I felt someone's hands on my shoulders. In that instant I turned around to see who it was. It was Edward of course. In the instant that he did that, I ducked out from underneath his arms and went over to the window to start pacing, again. When I did this I remebered that the window was closed or so I thought. So when I went over to the window to stare, I tried to put my head on the window glass, when all of a sudden I went head first through the window. That's when my training kicked in. When I fell out the window, I put my feet straight down and pushed myself faster. I saw a shape underneath me, probably ready to catch me. I landed right next to the person. I saw that it was Emmett. "Why do you keep doing that when you know someone is down here ready to catch you?" "Doing what?" "Using you're training." "I keep using my training because that's what I'm trained for." I walked around to the front of the house where I saw Edward and Jasper waiting for me. I walked into the house and went upstairs to my room and laid down on my bed. Edward walked in about 2 seconds later and pulled me into his arms. "Why do you keep falling out of windows?" he asked me. I replied "Because I like using my training when all of you are here. I train from 3:00 in the morning to most nights, 11:00. I should still be training. Considering it's only 8:30." When I said this they all looked at me like I had lost my mind. I looked out the window and saw that the sun was down but, I still had enough light that I could use to train with. "Actually, I'm going to train now." I said, as I leaped off the bed, got my training clothes, went into my bathroom, and changed. When I walked out of the bathroom, they asked me, "Can we come with you, so we can watch what you do?" "I don't care but if I have to fight someone tonight, which I do, No beating them up, Emmett, no changing their emotions, Jasper, and no reading their minds, Edward." When I said this, I glared at each of them in turn. "Okay," they said not caring. They walked over to my bedroom door and were getting ready to open the door when I vaulted over them and stood in front of the door. No! Don't go through that door! When I train at night, I train in the woods and I NEVER leave through that door." I pointed at the window. "We're leaving through the window." I said to them as I valeted over them and through my window. When I hit the ground, I turned around and noted that they were all behind me. I started stretching. "What are you doing?" Edward asked as he walked up behind me. I was sitting on the ground stretching my legs. "I don't drive my truck to my training's most of the time since I'm training in the woods. I always run. Now you'll see why the track team always wants me to help them. When I was in Phoenix, I ALWAYS competed in every event." I told them as I got ready to go. I finished stretching. I turned to them and asked, "Are you ready to go?" They all shook their heads yes. They were facing the road, and getting ready to go, when all of a sudden I burst out laughing. I was laughing so hard that my stomach hurt and I fell to the ground. They turned around and saw me on the ground, laughing. I stopped laughing and stood up. "What's so funny?" Edward asked. "Nothing. Let's just hurry up and get to the clearing." I looked at my watch. It was almost 9:00. I should have been there a half hour ago. I picked up the pace. I got to the clearing at 9:02. I dropped down and walked over to the teacher. "I'm sorry I'm late. My soon-to-be-husband and his brothers wanted to come with me. They took forever." I said, bowing. "That's fine. Just make sure they don't distract you. I don't need you off your game today since this is the finals," my teacher said, not really looking at me. I changed into my uniform, when all of a sudden Edward, Emmett, and Jasper were finally here. It took them longer that it took me. Edward saw me standing there glaring at them, with my arms crossed, he walked over to me and said, "I'm sorry we're late. We didn't realize you had left." "Whatever, just don't distract me. The finals are today. I need to be focused. Go stand in the trees. I don't want to see you. The only time I want to see you is if I get hurt or when I'm done." "Wait, you could get hurt?" Edward asked, worried. "Yes, I could get hurt." I won all of my matches before my last match. Of course, I was against the opposing teams teacher. That's always the way my matches worked. We started fighting. When all of a sudden the last minute of my match, my opponent hit my ankle, really hard, harder than she should have. When she did this, I heard my ankle snap and I know Edward did too. I fell to the ground, clutching my leg. The referee declared the match over. He announced us the winner because the teacher turned herself in saying she hit me harder than what's in the guidelines. That's when my team ran over to me. "Bella, where are you hurt?" the teacher asked me. "My ankle is broken." I said, gasping. "And some of my ribs, I think. I'm having a hard time breathing." I said, gasping and when I did I winced. They picked me up, carefully. But I still winced because of the pain. While they were carrying me to the team tent, I noticed that Edward was sprinting, but not using his vampire speed, across the field to me, with Emmett and Jasper right behind him. They brought the x-ray machine over and confirmed that my ankle was broken and I had 8 broken ribs, four on each side. Edward burst into the tent. "How badly is she hurt?" he asked our teacher. Who was busy freaking out because they lost their best fighter. "Her ankle and 8 of her ribs are broken," she yelled. He calmed her down and then he walked over to me. "I'm going to take you to Carlisle," he said in a hushed voice. He picked me up and strided out of the tent. When he did, I noted that everyone was either in their tent or gone already because no one was in the field except for Emmett and Jasper. They were still in the tree line, but they were more visible now. "How badly is she hurt?" they asked at the same time. "Her right ankle and 8 of her ribs are broken. We need to get back to the house as fast as possible," he said. But just as they were getting ready to leave, I cried out in pain. "Bella, what's wrong?" Edward asked me. I couldn't answer him, I was in so much pain. That's when he looked down and saw the blood on the sides of my shirt. "Bella, stay with me, please," he begged as he started running. I wanted to die. I was in so much pain. Then all of a sudden he burst through the Cullen's front door. "Carlisle," he called out in a panicked voice. I heard footsteps running down the stairs. "Edward, what's wrong?" It wasn't who I wanted it to be. It was Esme's voice not Carlisle's. "Bella got hurt at her match. She has a broken ankle and 8 broken ribs," he told Esme. My breathing was really ragged. I felt him move his body, probably to look down at me. "And now she's having trouble breathing." "Where's Carlisle?" he asked Esme, panicked. "He should be upstairs in his study. I'll watch Bella for you while you get him." Esme, said taking me from his arms. Right as Edward was getting ready to climb the stairs, Carlisle came down. "Carlisle," Edward said, relieved. "I need you to help Bella." "Why Edward? What happened?" Carlisle asked Edward as he rushed towards me. "her right ankle is broken and she has 8 broken ribs. I think one of her ribs punctured her lung because now she's having trouble breathing," he told Carlisle as he held my hand. Carlisle disappeared upstairs and when he came back down, he had the ultrasound machine in his hand. "I'm just going to confirm your suspicion, Edward." He put it over my lungs and said "Edward, you were correct. But both of her lungs are punctured in two places." Carlisle got to work making sure that I would be okay. By the time he was done, my ankle was in a cast and my ribs were bandaged. "We'll have to keep her here until she heals. But I promise she will she will be healed before the wedding." Edward picked me up and took me to his room. He sat me on the bed and climbed in after me. I fell asleep sitting up, with Edward's arms wrapped around me. I woke up in the middle of the night, I climbed out of the bed and walked over to the window. I put my head on the window. "I wish I wasn't hurt, I want to use my training," I said out loud. I stood there for a few more minutes when all of a sudden I felt arms wrap around my waist. "Bella, what are you doing out of bed?" Edward asked, as he turned me around. "What do you mean what am I doing? I'm staring out the window." "Yes, but I told you to stay in bed," he said, as he started pulling me back towards the bed. I twisted my arm out of his hand and vaulted right back to the window. "Bella, what are you doing? You'll tear your wounds open." "Do you really think I care?" I said, as I vaulted out the window. "Bella, I wouldn't do that if I were you," a voice said from below me. I looked down to see that it was Carlisle. "You're going to tear your wounds open," he yelled up at me. He was getting ready to jump up. And as always, I used my training. I put my feet down and propelled myself faster, towards the ground. When I reached the ground, I threw myself up and kept doing flips, until I reached the tree line. I vaulted up into a tree and kept going through the trees until I reached the clearing, again. The whole family was there with me. "Bella, what's wrong with you? Are you trying to rip you wounds open?" Rosalie, Alice, and Esme asked at the same time. "You all know I'm idiot. Like literally, when I was younger, I got shoot at and was hit, I didn't go to the hospital and have the bullet taken out, I