A/N: At long last… Welcome to COH, Part III: The Master of Death! Beyond excited to begin this instalment of our tale, which will see new POVs, new adventures, and much, much darker happenings. I hope you enjoy the ride. This chapter, like all my introductory chapters, should be treated as a 'prologue' and is therefore shorter than those which will follow. Because I try to post the first instalment of a new Part and the final of the previous book at the same time, I will post all review responses for the last chapter of Part II and this first chapter of Part III at the end of Part III, Chapter 2. I promise the interlude will be short – the chapter is already completed and just in editing now. Enjoy 'The Yew Wand', and… Please read and review ! XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX DISCLAIMER: Any and all familiar characters and/or story lines are the property of Joanne Rowling. Chapter 1: The Yew Wand The scent of fear was thick upon the air, enveloping the two figures in the clearing. With the birth of the seventh month, one would have expected southern Europe to be balmy; perhaps even unbearably warm. And yet this particular patch of wood was steeped in an unnatural chill that stunted the growth of flowering plants and sent forest creatures scurrying away through the underbrush. The woman floated a few feet off the ground, spinning slowly, bound ankles to neck by thick, tight ropes. She had large, deep brown eyes, widened in terror and leaking tears onto the ground as she stared ahead, unable to move. Her colourless hair fell dully to cover one side of her face, then the other, as she turned like a hen upon a spit. The man held the wand. His hand was shaking as he kept the woman aloft, and every few seconds she dropped an inch or two. He was pale and perspiring: sweat glistening on the bald patch in the middle of his mousy hair. He did not weep, as the woman did, but his eyes were terrified as he darted them between whatever lay ahead and the darkened trees that surrounded their clearing. They were weak. Pathetic, the pair of them. The man he might have killed on sight, had he been capable of the task… But perhaps… there was possibility. Clearly the man had sought him out – the first to do so, in more than twelve years. He was cowardly and small; of negligible magical talent and no particular interest. A snivelling man far more likely to fall in line in hopes of escaping death than stand for any principle. A man with no higher cause, other than his own survival. Which made his appearance all the more intriguing… this person who would be the last he'd expect to come to his aide, when he himself was incapable of providing much in the way of defence. 'You are holding my wand,' he whispered. His voice seeped like a breeze through the wood. The man jumped violently, and the woman fell almost to the forest floor before he righted the spell again. 'Ye-yes, my Lord,' the man confirmed. His voice was high and squeaky, exactly as it had been all those years ago… when this worthless little man had gifted him the information he sought above all else. And sent him to his destruction. 'You are holding my wand,' he repeated. His voice was no higher, but this time the trees groaned their protest as a chill joined the breeze. A few forest rodents scampered hurriedly into deeper cover. The man shivered. 'A – a gift, my Lord,' he said quickly, his eyes on the forest floor. This time he allowed the woman to fall to the ground without an attempt to right her. 'How?' he demanded. The man swallowed. 'I… I went to the house, that night, my Lord,' he said in a quiet, excited rush. 'I sought you immediately – I sought, sought to aid you –' 'You lie ,' he whispered. The wind kicked up again as his voice gathered strength. 'You did not come for me, Peter… you came when you felt the mark upon your arm burn… and saw it fade. You came in fear , as you have always lived your life. Do not lie to me, Peter… Even after all this time, surely you recall how I feel about deception? Look up!' The man raised small, terrified eyes, and he fell into their depths. It was harder: in this state. He could not have done it to many; but Pettigrew's mind was weak and thoroughly unprotected. He saw the memory of the night, the foremost thought in the man's head. Saw a younger, slightly fatter and just as sweaty man running through an open door… gulping thickly as he stepped over the body of the man he'd betrayed… taking the steps two at a time toward the nursery, where that insufferable child was wailing insistently… He felt ill at the sight of it – the blown apart room. There was the boy, holding the bars of his cot and screaming his distress, a jagged cut bleeding on his forehead. The child stopped his wailing when Pettigrew entered the nursery, hiccupping himself into calm as he stared up through huge, emerald eyes. He half-moved his hands, as though hoping the newcomer would lift him… Recognising him, perhaps… But Pettigrew spared the boy only a glance, looking more terrified than he had yet that evening. His eyes fell to the mudblood: sprawled on the floor where she had died for her scrap of a son. The child began to wail again at the resumption of his neglect. The yew wand was inches from the woman's face. Pettigrew bent, taking the weapon in shaking hands… And there was a distant creak on the stairs, the sounds of someone running… another, come to see the destruction that had befallen this forsaken house. Pettigrew darted a petrified glance toward the open door, clutching the wand tight to his chest like a child hiding a broken jug. And he spun on the spot, disapparating. 'You took it in fear,' the Dark Lord spat as the man gave a yowl and fell to his knees, clutching at his head. 'You feared your treachery would be discovered… feared what they would do to you, Wormtail .' The man gave an involuntary flinch. 'That was what they called you, was it not?' he continued in a whisper. 'Your friends … it was clear in your mind, Peter. Wormtail … an apt name, for a rat in every sense. I think I will take up the tradition.' 'M-my Lord,' the man pleaded. 'My Lord, please, I never –' 'What did you do with my wand, Wormtail?' he cut across him. Wormtail swallowed hard again. 'I – I brought it to my mother's house, my Lord,' he said squeakily. 'In Ulster. There's… there's a old tree in the garden, with a hollow. I placed it there, protected with a charm. I thought – thought to keep it safe for you, for your return.' 'Such liesssss ,' he said again, the word becoming a hiss. From the shadows, a great green snake slithered forward at his crooning. The man jumped backward in panic again as she came, but wisely did not run. 'You hid the wand for your own sake, Wormtail,' Voldemort continued. 'You hid it to keep your treachery in the shadows. You feared a Ministry inquiry would examine the wand, and that it would prove your allegiance to me… It would have been very difficult to go to ground then, wouldn't it? If the world had known who gave the Potters up.' Wormtail swallowed heavily. 'I – my Lord,' he threw himself prostrate to the ground, in a placating bow. 'My Lord, I am weak. You have always known this. I – I do not deserve your forgiveness or your trust. You are right, of course you're right. I could never keep secrets from you… I am not a brave man, my Lord. I never have been. I hid the wand, and then I faked my own death. The Wizarding World thought Sirius Black the Order's traitor; they blamed him for the Potters' deaths and… and for mine. It was the only way I could stay free… the only way I could aid you.' 'And yet you did not ,' Lord Voldemort noted. The breeze kicked up again, and the snake began to hiss. Wormtail whimpered on the ground. 'You did not,' he repeated. 'You could have killed the brat that night… and you did not. You have been free these twelve years hence, yet you have never sought me until now. Why, I wonder…' 'I –' 'Look up!' he commanded again. And, again, he threw himself into the man's mind, searching the answers for himself. He was drained when at last he emerged, leaving Wormtail snivelling on the forest floor once more… he was not strong enough for these repeated attacks. 'You spent three years in Harry Potter's company,' he hissed. 'Three years , Wormtail. You did not kill him –' 'I knew you wanted him, my Lord,' Wormtail insisted, sweating more heavily still. 'I did not wish to take that from you; did not want to steal your –' 'You could have brought him to me,' Voldemort pointed out. 'Clearly, you were capable of finding me. It took you not a month. You could have brought me Harry Potter, had you not delayed your return to the moment when you could no longer outrun those you had once counted friends.' 'I – I should have thought it through, my Lord,' Wormtail apologised. 'I did not know you were–' 'You knew,' the Dark Lord disagreed. 'You knew , Wormtail, that I survived. You knew it from the beginning… and certainly you knew from two years ago. You were at Hogwarts when I sought the philosopher's stone. You did not come because you feared the responsibility. You feared the danger, as you have always done. You would not return now, while I am still next to helpless, if you were not out of options...' 'I – no, my Lord,' Wormtail disagreed fervently. 'That is not why I have –' 'Enough,' Voldemort said lazily. And Pettigrew broke off as if suddenly struck dumb. 'I am weary of excuses, Wormtail. But what am I to do with you, I wonder? Perhaps dinner, for Nagini…' He hissed, and the snake lifted her head. Wormtail gave a squeal of panic. 'No, my Lord!' he insisted. 'I… I have found you. I have come to… to be useful, my Lord. To help you to return.' 'And how,' Voldemort challenged, 'Could you possibly assist in that? You are believed dead by most of the wizarding world. Your body would be ill-equipped for possession, as doing so would mean you could not transfigure or disguise yourself through magical means. You are a mediocre wizard at best… not the person I would trust, Wormtail, with the delicate magic required to remake a body. I can think of no purpose you might serve, and every possibility that your continued existence might bring the Aurors down upon my current whereabouts.' 'The… the girl,' Wormtail said desperately, pointing the middle finger of his mangled hand at the bound woman on the ground. 'I brought her for you, my Lord. As a gift. To show my –' 'You brought her in cowardice,' Voldemort disagreed dismissively. 'In cowardice, and with little other choice. She recognised you, did she not? And what were you to do with her… kill her in the wayside inn where you'd met over pints? Leave her body for the Aurors to follow? No… you had little choice but to lure her away; subdue her, bring her to me… You hoped I would get rid of her for you; that you need not kill her yourself. Did you not? You are