A.N - My first THG fanfiction and I am super excited for this, I really hope you enjoy this! Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games or any content within the trilogy or out, I write for my pleasure and my pleasure alone. Rated T for brief instances of language and sexual references later on. Finally, may the odds be ever in your favour~ (Cheesy I know) Finnick Odair: Fisherman. The water is cool, stinging my skin with a familiar pleasure. I shake the droplets of water from my hair as I ready my trident. Treading water with my left arm and kicking out gently I still my mind. I close my eyes and duck dive down into the depths, my eyes, accustomed to the salt spring open and are scanning the dark waters below. Thousands of colourful fish skitter around me, creating smooth currents that caress my bronze skin. Diving just a little deeper I level out, swimming is my element, I am from district four after all. Nevertheless I could swim before I could walk; I could identify the different types of edible and hostile fish before my eighth birthday. I was born to be in District Four. The fish around me stilled suddenly and I freeze, suddenly the water feels cold and ominous. Then I see it, sliding through the inky liquid, my blood runs cold as I witness the Great White swimming towards me. Panic set in as I fight my body, my arms and legs are screaming at me to swim away and to survive but I know that my best bet was staying still. I can feel the tight, pushed feeling against my lungs that meant I was running out of oxygen, as a deep sea diver I had trained to increase my lung capacity but the stress of this encounter was killing me, literally. The shark is swimming closer and its beady, iron eyes are trained on mine. This is it I think to myself. I hold the trident level, thrusting it out slightly in front of my body, I brace as it charges forward like an aquatic freight train, and then… thud. I am sent backwards, the shark's momentum carrying me through the darkness as the other fish scatter in pure fear. The shark is impaled, it thrashes which sends me swirling through the water until it stills, dead. The trident has speared its one eye on the leftmost prong and the centre and right prong must have pierced its brain. I shudder for a moment and yank the trident out of the poor creature's skull. I can feel the clutching, raspy pain erupting from my throat and hurry, as fast as is safe, to the surface. I splutter and cough as I wash up on the beach, I rest on my hands and knees, thrusting my trident into the sand before me. I am sick, a pale, putrid green before I retrieve my faithful weapon, silver prongs bend ever so slightly, and make my way back home. I return home empty handed, mother and father look at me with sheer disappointment. We have a small shack close to the beach and it is just that, a shack. There are three rooms, the shared bedroom, a bathroom and the kitchen. The walls are made of a rough sheet metal and the floor is bathed in sand. Mother is at the sink, washing breakfast dishes and my father drums the tabletop with his fingers, anxious. "You were gone for an hour longer than we had anticipated!" My mother shrieks, a washcloth in her hand, "Get washed, the Reaping will begin soon." Her gaze lingers on my face for a fraction of a second and I see tears well up in her eyes. She turns away quickly, hiding her fear, and continues to finish the washing up. "Son," My father grabs my hand as I walk past to get washed, "You are an Odair, we Odair men are never late, do you understand?" He looks at me with such intensity I am puzzled. "I'm sorry father." I nod solemnly. "I don't mean for now, I mean for after the Reaping, you mustn't be late for dinner, do you promise?" His eyes are brown orbs of sorrow. "I will, I'll be back for dinner." I promise, this is his way of reassuring me, he is telling me that it won't be my name this year, it won't. But he was wrong. I hear the siren blare, we learned in History class once that sirens used to warn people of impending death and destruction. I suppose the Capitol use the siren aptly. I quickly hop out of the tub and towel off before speedily changing into my reaping clothes. I look in the small mirror in the bathroom and smile, my auburn hair falls in loose curls and my sea-green eyes stand in stark contrast to my tan skin. The outfit my father had picked out for me was a deep green shirt, that was ever so slightly too long on the sleeves, and dark trousers with black shoes to match. I am ready, I tell myself, I am ready, I repeat. I almost convince myself when the second siren blared out. It is time. The atmosphere is electric, the crowd buzzes around me as I take my place in line. One by one we have our blood taken, it scared me in my first two Reapings but now I was prepared. "Next." The Capitol official quipped, his gloved hand held impatiently before me. I give him my hand and wince as the needle plunges into the middle finger of my left hand. I press my hand into the box and it is scanned, "Finnick Odair 14", flashes on the official's scanner, "Thank you." He says in a tired tone. I collect myself and hurry over to a girl I know, "Lucia," I shout and she turns and smiles. She has blonde hair and coal black eyes, "Good luck!" I cry out before the Peacekeepers usher me into my section. I join the other fourteen year old boys and take deep breaths, it's like every year, it finally feels real. The bloodshed is only remembered if we choose to remember it through the video logs and if we ever pass the Victor's Village. "Welcome, District Four!" The Speaker's voice booms around the square, he is new this year and looks far too excited. He is wearing an emerald green suit that sparkles brightly, blinding me for a brief second, his hair was an odd teal and his face corresponded with the colour scheme in the form of mossy green lipstick, eyeliner and blusher. He continues, "How are we all feeling today?" He asks in an upbeat tone that is met with mute exasperation. We do not want to be here, we all think, or I suppose we think, how do you think we feel? He pauses, a little flustered maybe, "Well then, we seem to be eager to get on then!" He proclaims, what an idiot, "Ladies first then!" He decrees with a flamboyant flick of his hand. Slowly, tauntingly he waves his hand around the glass bowl with the girl's names. He picks one out. "Lucia Alabaster!" I freeze and turn my head, seeing her coal black eyes bore into mine. "No!" I hear her younger sister scream, Lucia is seventeen, her sister ten, she cannot volunteer for Lucia, nor would Lucia want that. "Come on my lovely," The Speaker entices, "Why aren't you a beauty?" He croons as she shakily steps up onto the platform. "Now for the boys," He pauses and skitters over to the other bowl. My blood runs cold and I close my eyes. Think of the ocean, let it calm you, I chant. Don't fear for your skin will soon feel the caress of the midnight waves. Already I feel calmer, That's it Finnick just keep calm and think of the- "Finnick Odair!" My eyes burst open and I feel my body moving of its own accord. I am walking up to the platform, I cannot hear what the Speaker is saying, I can only hear my heartbeat, thump, tha-thump, thump, tha-thump. It is irregular, I am irregular, this is not happening. He's talking to me, what is he saying? I look up into his eyes, they are dark, I envisage the face of the shark again, it's coming at me, he's coming at me. My fists ball and I grip my trident, wait, where is my trident? "Finnick?" I shake my head and look up into the grotesque face of the Speaker. "Sorry?" I mutter, I look around and see them, the sea of my people, staring at me. "How do you feel Finnick?" He asks with such falsity I almost laugh. "As fine as this body will allow," and I wink, smiling out at the crowd and I elicit a giggle or two, "I am in no means ready for The Games, but I can't change the odds can I?" I smile lopsidedly and turn to face Lucia. Her face is a mask of horror, she is afraid to die. "Well then," The Speaker fumbles, confused by my comments, "Shake hands and let us get this show on the road!" He smiles nervously, this obviously hasn't gone the way he planned. I look into Lucia's eyes and pity strikes me hard, she is pale, her eyes like saucers and tears stream from her eyes. "I'll look after you." I whisper just loud enough for her to hear and she smiles. "Thank you." She whispers back and we shake hands, I clasp my left hand over hers and pull her into and embrace. This excites the crowd and the Speaker looks a little happier. The train is spectacular, the food is nothing new, we have enough back home but the furniture and technology is astounding. Gadgets for food selection, changing the scenery displayed on the windows, route checking on the big screens or watching previous games. I stand in awe, unaware of the fact I was blocking Lucia and the Speaker from entering the train. "Ahem." The Speaker smiles at me and I move into the train and sit down on one of the plush leather sofas. "So," The Speaker announces as soon as we are both sitting, "I'm Iranaeous, nice to meet you both, you are sharing a mentor this year as we still have no male mentor, her name is Mags and she will be in shortly." Iranaeous blurts excitedly. We sit in silence for a few minutes until Mags walks in, she is at least seventy and I recognise her from somewhere. "Greetings my Tributes," She smiles warmly at us, "I am here for you to utilize and learn from in the short time we have together," She pauses and looks us both over, "Any questions?" "Where do I know you from?" I ask eagerly, I blush at my sudden question. "Your mother is the niece of my sister, we're loosely related." Mags smiled, her face a tangle of wrinkles that made her seem both young and old in an odd fashion. "I have one," Lucia asks gently, "How did you survive your games?" That is a sensible question and I feel ridiculous for asking mine. "Ah, that is a long story, but I shall shorten it for you," She paused and took a sip of her drink, "I was twelve, I was weak and vulnerable, all I knew was knot tying and a brief knowledge of spearman-ship. I tracked the careers, keeping my distance but close enough to be safe from the other tributes." She took another drink and smiled at me, "I had managed to secure a knife and I weaved a net from strips of bark, it was a strange rubbery material that was perfect for net making. The arena was a rainforest crossed with a swamp so was very dangerous. As