A/N: yeah. Marauders era AU Apologies spelling grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of its characters James kept his eyes up ahead as he absently stirred the potion that he and Sirius have been working on for the past sixty minutes. Letting his gaze drop for a brief moment to check on the potion, James briefly noted that the color didn't seem quite right since it was meant to be a bright forest green and not the dark murky moss green that he had stirring in his own cauldron but he didn't particularly care either, not really anyway. He might not be brilliant at potions but he did well enough to at least pass the class, so he wasn't too worried about the end results, although he knew that his parents certainly were. They'd be more than happy if James actually started putting a little bit more effort into his potions work since it was essentially his worst subject. But James lacked the motivation to try harder, Potions is terribly boring and in his opinion unnecessarily complicated, he never quite understood what students like Evans and Snape found so fascinating about it. Of course, he was capable of being motivated into doing better, provided he had the right person there to do said motivating. Someone with beautiful eyes and a wicked tongue, someone brilliant at potions and basically every other subject in school someone who normally wouldn't give him the time of day. James held back a sigh as he stared at the two at the desk at the front of the class the way he's been doing since the first half of their double period started in the first place. Lily Evans stood by Severus Snape's side, dutifully preparing the potions ingredients to the Slytherin's specifications while Snape kept his eye on the watch hanging on the wall in the potions classroom, making sure that each one was put in at the exact time that it was meant to be added while stirring clockwise once before stirring counter clock wise three times. James only briefly noted that their procedure of preparing the potion differed vastly from the way that he and Sirius were doing it, but that thought only lasted a moment as the Gryffindor chaser let out a wistful sigh and kept his eyes on the two as they worked. Anyone that turned back to look at him might have thought that he was staring at Lily Evans as the girl flicked her long hair back over her shoulder, causing the bright red curls to rise and fall onto her back in a curtain of bright flames before the girl gave her potions partner that sweet beautiful smile and her emerald eyes sparkled when he told her to add the next potions ingredient. The muggle born witch is stunningly beautiful after all, smart and talented, plus with James constantly hounding the girl in his attempts at getting her to go out with him it seemed like the most logical and probable reason for James to be staring so intensely in that particular direction. Unfortunately the truth wasn't quite so logical or even the slightest bit probable. James only briefly registered his potion begin to change color as he continued to watch the two. They always worked together during potions, despite the inherent dislike or rather hatred that existed between the two houses; they were best friends after all. They've been best friends for as long as James can remember, ever since that first train ride to Hogwarts. Lily's friends and most of Gryffindor house wasn't too fond of their relationship but the auburn haired girl wouldn't be deterred from spending time with her friend, so eventually they left her be deciding that it would be her own fault should something inevitably go wrong and she be left heartbroken. But Lily didn't care and for the most part Snape didn't seem to mind the girls company, in fact it seemed that he reveled in it. Unfortunately things weren't so easy for him. He didn't have many friends in his own house, being a half blood he was already at a disadvantage when faced with some of the more ruthless, bigoted members of his house so he couldn't be as open about his affections for Lily as she was. Luckily the Gryffindor/Slytherin potions class was uneven resulting in at least one Slytherin and one Gryffindor being required to partner up during class, so Severus could get away with spending the time with his best friend and then he could always count on Lucius Malfoy's support whenever he wanted to spend time with Lily after class. Malfoy didn't particularly like Evans… at all, what with her being a muggleborn witch from the lion's den and all, but he liked Severus and as loath as he was to admit it nothing made Snape happier than when he got to spend time with the girl so he'd help out whenever it was necessary. Intervene whenever one of the snakes got a little twitchy at the sight of the two together and allowing the girl to slip into the Slytherin boys' dorm rooms so she could see Severus every now and then. They might be in rival houses but they'll never let anything get between them and James envied that. He envied the fact that Evans could walk right up to Snape and talk to him like it was the most normal thing in the world, smile and laugh with him or maybe even hold his hand. James felt something in his chest give a particularly painful tug at the memory of the two sitting beneath the great oak by the lake one summer afternoon, with Lily's head resting on his shoulder while her arm stayed wrapped tightly around his own. He remembers the anger he felt that day, surging through him like a bolt of electricity as he and Sirius approached them while Remus and Peter trailed on after them a few feet behind. James couldn't explain exactly what he was thinking when he saw them like that but the image just had him seeing red and he moved and spoke without even really thinking about it. Luckily James snapped out of it the moment that Malfoy's annoyed drawl reached his ears and the prefect immediately put a stop to the show. James snapped out of it just in time to realize that a crowd had gathered around them and Severus was hanging upside down in the air with James' hands on his exposed belt buckle. The raven flushed horribly at his newfound position and looked to Sirius who seemed to be turning a similar shade of red as he immediately let go of Snape's shirt which he was apparently right in the middle of unbuttoning and James did the same. Malfoy gave them both detention, making sure to glare at Remus as he promised to inform Professor McGonagall about his lack of intervention in a clearly volatile situation before reversing the charm that they cast on Snape. The raven haired Slytherin hit the ground hard before Evans rushed to help him and took him to the infirmary while some of the students watching the scene snickered and laughed. Severus' expression was filled with mortification and he almost seemed to hold Evan's hand a little tighter as he was helped away and right at that moment James hated himself with every fiber of his being. He hated that look, right then James wanted nothing more than to reach out and comfort the Slytherin, apologize a thousand times over and make sure that Snape was never hurt by him or anyone else ever again. But he couldn't. Not just because Snape probably wouldn't let him within five feet of him without hexing him into oblivion for what he did that day and every other day since they first met on the train, not just because house loyalties dictated that he would be a traitor if he so much as attempted to console the other boy and not just because his reputation would be forever ruined if he so much as thought of approaching Snape that way. But because he promised. Two years ago while they spent detention with Slughorn, James made a promise and as much as it pains him to do it, as much as everything in the hazel eyed wizard screamed for him to do otherwise, James wouldn't break that oath. He couldn't break that oath, the mere thought is unimaginable… Alright so maybe James could imagine breaking it, but he wouldn't, he's a man of his word after all he can't betray a friend's trust like that. No matter how much he wanted to. Even if Severus was worth the betrayal, sweet Merlin was he worth it, James couldn't give in, he won't give in. Yes, contrary to popular belief James fancies Severus. Bugger that, James loves Severus, always has. Ever since they met that first day on the train, James just knew that Severus was something special. Of course he certainly noticed Lily Evans with her long red hair and her emerald green eyes; Lily was beautiful but Severus… There was just something about him, a secret that lay hidden somewhere beneath the mask he wore and those never ending dark eyes. The fact that Severus hadn't even thought twice about blatantly insulting James mere moments after they met did nothing to deter the boy's fascination; in fact it only seemed to encourage it. James was admittedly a bit of a spoilt brat, so when someone actually blatantly denied him, insulted him, outright rejected him it immediately grabbed his attention. He wasn't able to stop thinking about the other boy after that, even after they were sorted into opposing houses, he watched Severus across the Great Hall during dinner and as the prefects led all the first years to their respective houses. He thought about the next time that he'd see Severus, how he'd show the other boy that he wasn't the dunderheaded twit he clearly thought James to be and how he'd surely have the other boy's attention for the rest of their years at school. It didn't matter that Severus was in Slytherin and he was in Gryffindor or that he seemed more interested in the redheaded girl he sat with on the train than he was in James, none of it really mattered not until they reached the dorm rooms at least. James made a promise and he intended on keeping his promise, regardless of how much it pained him to do so. Just then Snape brushed back a greasy lock of hair back behind his ear before gesturing to the girl beside him to add the next ingredient as he continued to stir. James knew, despite all the jokes and taunts he constantly spewed at the Slytherin that his hair wasn't always like that. It only got greasy after they finished a potion in class or after Severus finished helping Slughorn with one of his projects after class. It would seem something in the fumes coming from the numerous potions ingredients that Severus brewed didn't agree with his hair so it would always come out looking greasy afterwards. Sometimes James would wonder if there wasn't a way to stop his hair from reacting to the fumes, maybe a potion that could be made to help Severus improve his situation because in all honesty James loved Severus' hair. The way the Slytherin would let it fall over his eyes to cover his face almost always made him itch with the sudden urge to reach out and brush it behind his ear, let his hands tangle in those ink black locks before leaning in for a sweet kiss. Of course James wouldn't mind helping Severus tend to his hair if he ever got the chance, he can see it all play out in his mind. In a bath tub or maybe in