A/N: Ahem… Please leave all questions until the end of the chapter Apologies spelling, grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of its characters, those rights go to J.K Rowling. "… confico demaonium!" A loud wail of pain and agony screeched out all around them and Godric kept his free arm locked tight around Salazar's shoulders, while the other hand continued to hold his wand out in front of them as bright lights flashed and the screams grew louder before it all went dark and the night air stilled completely. Salazar kept his head buried in the redhead's shoulder with his arms locked tight around his waist as he shook and trembled with fear while Godric just kept staring wide eyed at the large willow in front of them near the lake as its leaves and branches seemed to glow an eerie bright red before the color faded to a more natural shade of green. It was silent all around them, with nothing but the Gryffindor's harsh heavy breathing echoing all around them and Salazar's sharp quick breaths. They were both heavily injured and scarred badly, Salazar more so than he since the Slytherin had been weak and severely drained when this battle started out. Godric had multiple wounds bruises all over his body, but that didn't really matter. They're both young men barely over the age of thirty, they'll heal well enough on their own and what didn't heal could be fixed with magic. Although Godric worried that the damage done to his love's mind could be irreversible. The redhead shuddered at the thought; he came so close to losing him, so close to losing his one true love after only just realizing how much he loved the insufferable man he now held in his arm. Godric dropped his wand and wrapped his other arm around Salazar's shoulders, taking in a deep slow breath of the other man's scent as he pulled him even closer. Almost scared that if he let go, Salazar might disappear, that it was all a dream and he'd actually lost the Slytherin to that-that thing, that monster. But he didn't, Salazar is safe now, they both are. "G-Godric, is-is it-" "Yes, it's all over now. You don't have to be afraid anymore." Godric said feeling his heart leap with joy as the light haired man tightened his grip on his waist and let out a sigh of relief against his neck, "He won't hurt you ever again, my love. Never again." Salazar sobbed and Godric felt his own eyes begin to sting as he looked up at the willow but held back the flow, it wouldn't do to get too close like this. The spell he used is binding, the creature couldn't possibly hope to ever escape now, but there was a way to break the spell as there is with every spell. Every charm has a counter charm and every curse has its cure, but as long as he keeps the secret. As long as he keeps it to himself, takes it to his grave, then the thing-that monster-won't ever hurt him or his love or anyone else ever again. The redhead leaned down to press a kiss on the top of Salazar's head and moved in one swift movement to get up off the ground, even as his body ached in protest because of the pain and strain he'd suffered, to lift the Slytherin up into his arms and walk away. Salazar didn't protest the way he normally would have in that situation. Too relieved and exhausted to care about anything other than the warmth and comfort he felt in Godric's arms. To think, he'd almost lost this, he almost made such a horrible mistake, but it's all over now, he'll never have to fear anything ever again. With each step Godric took away from the willow towards the castle, he felt his chest lose a little bit of the tension every single time. He ignored the feeling of dread in the back of his mind, the thought that something might happen to release the beast someday because that would never happen. He'd never be free, Salazar would always be safe and they'd be happy and in love together. Forever. Silly little man… There's no such thing as forever. Severus collapsed. Falling to his knees beside the great willow beside the lake as he fought back hard against the sobs and whimpers that threatened to tear through his form as much as the tears that stung his eyes threatened to fall over his face right at the moment. Instead he took a deep shuddering breath, grabbing at the tethered remains of his clothes as he sat down with his legs pulled against his chest and his back against the willow. He tried to piece together the shredded pieces of material that lay against his chest, tried to ignore the burning sting from the wounds he endured during his most recent assault to instead focus on his robes. They were brand new. Or at least they used to be. His mother could only afford to buy him one new set of robes a year while the rest of his clothes were either second hand items or jumpers and shirts that she'd make herself. A few of the clothes he had were his father's and so they were always too big for him but Severus learned to make due. His robes however were brand new and they were all his own, he knew that Eileen worked extraordinarily hard to give her child all she could and his robes were no exception. She worked a few odd jobs in Cokesworth, saving up a little bit every time she got paid, before risking Tobias' wrath by taking some of the few coins he managed to bring in as well. All so that Severus could have at least one new pair of clothes every year. It was meant to be a birthday present of sorts and Severus always treasured the gift, making sure to keep it clean and well taken care of. He'd even wear his older robes, the ones that didn't fit so well anymore just so he could avoid wearing the new ones too often. That morning however it was his birthday and he decided to wear his new robes. What a terrible mistake he'd made. Severus shut his eyes tight fighting back against the urge to cry as his hand clenched in the ruined remains of his clothes, before looking up into the branches of the tree around him and he briefly thought back to second year when this used to be his favorite place to go to read or rest or just be for a few hours. Before the marauders ruined this spot for him, Severus used to sit under the tree's branches and just think, sometimes he'd catch himself even talking to it since the most serene feeling of warmth and comfort would always wash over him whenever he did and he couldn't help but wish it were alive. Wish for that warm calming presence he always felt around the tree to be more alive, more human. He'd wish for arms to wrap around him in a protective embrace the way his mother used to do, stroke his hair and listen to all of his troubles before promising that everything would be alright. And so he spent all his time under it when he wasn't in class or studying in the library. It was his place of solitude and comfort. But then the marauders happened, they humiliated him in front of the entire school and Severus managed to drive away his one and only friend in his embarrassment. All of that, he did in front of his beloved tree. Afterwards Severus felt too ashamed to ever go back. It was a silly thought but he felt he'd disappointed it, that he could never go back to his place of solitude because of the humiliation he'd endured in it, like he'd shamed the most important person in his life that day and so he couldn't return. But that day, after what happened in Flitwick's class Severus ran and ran wishing that he could have somewhere to get away somewhere that he could escape the jeers and the taunting and finally just have some peace until he finally found himself at the lake, right under the tree that he used to love so much. The rest of the school was probably at lunch and from what he heard Flitwick say as he rushed out the door, the marauders would probably be hauled up with Dumbledore for the next hour. Not that that would do any good. Severus knew that nothing would come from it. The headmaster would probably just give them some laughable excuse for a scolding before sending them on their merry way and Severus would be pushed aside. His feelings and the pain he repeatedly endured was never considered. All Dumbledore cared about was his precious Gryffindors and so they could get away with virtually anything. Even murder, the incident last year proved that. Severus would always be pushed aside. Pushed down, knocked over, spat on and left in the dust. He'll never have peace. At that thought the raven haired boy turned back, crawling closer to the tree until he was right against its great trunk and rested his head against it. Somehow it didn't feel as rough as he thought it would have and for a moment Severus could almost feel the tree soften beneath him cradling his form and rise with a warmth that almost caused him to break and release the tears he'd been holding in since he managed to get away. It was a rare day in which Flitwick had both Slytherin and Gryffindor in the same period. Apparently the charms professor had an important spell to teach them and seeing as how the Slytherin class was just before the Gryffindor class, both classes were combined so a longer two hour period could be achieved. It was also Severus' birthday and up until that point, things were going well for the raven haired Slytherin. That morning at breakfast he received a gift from Malfoy, who'd graduated a year earlier but still had some affection for the younger boy. It was a collection of books, dark books that Lucius had shrunk and sent in a small box thinking that they would be of interest to his younger friend along with a premium bottle of Bourbon charmed so it wouldn't be detected when sent to the school. Narcissa was in the same year as he was and the girl gave him a new set of ink pots and quills, Regulus decided to skip the gift deciding that Severus would probably be able to do more with a pouch of gold than any gift he bought him. Severus hadn't wanted to accept it but Regulus said that he didn't mind, giving a wicked grin as he explained that it came from Sirius' inheritance anyway so no loss there. But most surprising of all had to be Evan Rosier who'd actually gotten him something that year. Usually Severus never got anything from his dorm mates; usually they'd ignore him and pretend like he wasn't even there. The only friends that Severus could ever count on were Lucius, Narcissa and Regulus, the rest of his house deemed him unworthy of their attention since he was just a half-blood. So he didn't really expect anything from any of them, so of course Rosier's gift was quite a surprise and oddly lovely. It was a box of chocolates. Severus loves chocolate, but he can rarely ever afford it. The box wasn't wrapped and Rosier had basically thrown it at Snape's face as he left the room. Severus had stared at the box before looking up at his dorm mate who was headed towards the door. "Rosier what-" "I remember