A/N: This is an experiment of sorts James/Severus, implied Sirius/Remus (sort of, it can be if you want it to be, just squint your eyes a bit) marauders era canon divergence Apologies spelling, grammar, OOCness and any and all inaccuracies but they were necessary for the story to work out just the way I wanted it to. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of its characters . They're fighting. Sigh. Yet again. I suppose it's not all that surprising since they've hated each other since the moment they met. It's only natural to fight with the person you hate the most, to do everything in your power to make their lives as miserable as you possibly can simply because their mere existence fills you with nothing but unbridled rage. Hate is a powerful catalyst. It can take many shapes or forms, driving those that experience it into actions of unimaginable intensity. Hate. Pure seething hate. Or at least that's what they thought it was. They thought that they felt nothing towards each other except that one basic emotion. Because he had something the other wanted more than anything else in this world. Because he tortured and tormented him every day for absolutely no reason. He gave no attention to that unfamiliar ache in his chest that made him want to curse the skin off his own flesh whenever those onyx eyes became large and watery. And he paid no mind to how his throat would clench up just a bit when another more feminine hand ran through that windswept raven hair. Because they hated each other. Because Snape has Lily. Because Potter torments him. So they'd argue and fight, their angered rows and fits of rage would cause tensions to thicken to almost physical manifestations when things got heated. Snape would curse, Potter would shield. Snape would sneer and Potter would shout. Snape would glare and Potter would hit. It was the same thing every time and quite frankly Hogwarts was sick of it. Whether the students knew this or not, the castle did indeed live. It was alive in its own way. Not necessarily breathing or moving, with the exception of the staircases of course, but still it was very much alive. It carried its own magic, tending to every student and staff member within its walls by making sure that no student ever slept cold and no entry was allowed without detailed consent. Of course there were those occasions when Hogwarts just decided to let the kids have their fun, or when she went into a mood and decided that they could all just go bugger themselves and didn't give a rats arse to whatever those simple humans decided to do, regardless of the danger they might face. Honestly some of these kids just need to grow up and what better way to do so than learning from potentially life threatening situations. But now was one of those occasions when Hogwarts decided that it was time to intervene, because whether Snape and Potter were aware of this or not, she could feel all the intensity that constantly brewed between them. Their tensions gave her great pain as they stretched out her magical limits of mood control and caused her to sometimes wan and falter under their wrath. Honestly she'd discovered two cracks in the fourth floors main hallway just that morning and it was all because of these two. Which is why she decided to put a stop to it herself. The old castle had devised a devious and somewhat excessive plan to force these two to finally rid themselves of this innate hateful tension they carried between them and decided that now would be the perfect time to execute it. Although she had to admit, this was pushing things a bit far. But it's not her fault. If that decrepit old codger that calls himself a headmaster would stop dawdling around with that incessant twinkle muttering "boys will be boys" and actually handled the damn situation then she wouldn't have to. But alas the old fool didn't so now it's up to her to put an end to all of this, once and for all. It was a simple plan really; all she had to do was insure that James Potter and Severus Snape did what the tensions around them were demanding that they do. All she had to do was pull them from their restraints and let them fulfill the act that they so desperately and unknowingly needed to fulfill. Without letting them kill each other in the process of course. All she had to do was force them to do what was required and what better way to do that than locking them in the room of requirement. For you see, a dangerous little secret that the students of Hogwarts that knew of the room didn't know, the true reason why the headmaster didn't simply allow all the students to know of the rooms existence. Was that the room of requirement didn't just give you what you wanted. It gave you what you needed as well. And despite what you may believe what's needed can be very dangerous indeed. It gave what was required, even if the thing that was needed was somewhat beyond its physical control. Let's say for example what was needed was needed between two people and there would be nothing it could conjure to force the people to do what they needed to do. In such cases the room of requirement would tap into the castle's somewhat darker magical reserve and made damn sure that was required, Was attained. Whether the parties involved liked it or not. As the two stood in front of each other, glaring hatefully in the empty sixth floor corridor, Hogwarts slowly started to gather up her energies, pulling together all the dark magic she could muster in order to execute her plan. In all honesty though, this is harsh, one could even say somewhat cruel even by her standards. But somehow, Hogwarts didn't care. That imbecilic headmaster has let this carry on for too long. This is long overdue. Snape gave the wizard in front of him a seething glare as his hands clenched and his fingers bit into the hands that were currently twisted in his robes as they held him up against the wall with a bruising force. The Slytherin's eyes were burning with rage as they bore into the hazel brown ones which had darkened in anger and glared right back at him. This snarky little bastard! Hexing James in the great hall and embarrassing him in front of the entire school. Who does he think he is?! Putting some sort of potion in his pumpkin juice that made James front teeth grow out and bulge through his mouth. It had been the most embarrassing trip to the infirmary that James has ever had to endure in his entire life. The greasy bat is going to pay. "Have a nice breakfast Potter?" Snape sneered hatefully as his fingernails dug into James' hands, "Because mine was absolutely wonderful." James' glare got darker as he moved forward feeling rage pulse through his veins as he just managed to reign himself in and not punch the smug little prat in his oversized nose. Not quite yet, that will come soon enough. "You think you're cute don't you Snivellus? You think just because you managed to get one up on me that means that you've beaten me." "Only you would think something so pathetically arrogant Potter." Severus hissed, "If you think this morning is the best I have to offer then you're sadly mistaken." "That so." "Of course, what's that you and your idiotic little friends like calling me? Ah yes, a slimy evil death eater. Go near Lily again and I will show you exactly how right you are." James scoffed, "So that's what this is about? I'm sorry to tell you this Snape but Evans doesn't care about you anymore. You ruined your chances with her in second year after she finally saw you for the slimy snake you really are. Then again, it's not like you ever really had a chance with her. You get why she was really friends with you right? She felt sorry for you. Sorry for the ugly little snake that no one gives a toss about." Snape's glare got darker, "Shut up." James smirked as he leaned closer, "What's wrong Snape? Did I touch a nerve, truth hurts doesn't it? Get it through that greasy head of yours that she doesn't want you, no one wants you and no one ever will." Severus had to fight back hard at the hurt he felt at that statement but kept his glare steady as he took in a shuddering breath and his fingernails started to draw blood on James' wrists, but other than a soft hiss, the Gryffindor didn't seem to react one bit. "This is your final warning Potter. Now let me go or else." "Or else what?" Before Severus could answer the walls around them began to shake and a low rumble sounded all around them, causing a suit of armor a few feet away to rattle and shake. Both boys looked up at the sound of a soft moan calling out all around them before it all just as suddenly went deadly silent and still. James' grip on Severus loosened as he stepped back. "What was that?" Severus didn't say a word as he looked up at the ceiling, not that he would've answered the arrogant prat standing in front of him right at that moment, but it really was the strangest thing. Hogwarts doesn't get earth quakes, the castles design made it nearly impossible for any natural disaster to affect it in any way whatsoever so what on earth- Severus paused when he turned back to face the wall that Potter had shoved him up against only a few moments earlier only to frown when he suddenly saw an oak door there instead. But there wasn't a door there before was there? James' breath hitched and Severus could hear him curse softly underneath his breath and he looked back at the Gryffindor with an arched brow. The Gryffindor chaser stared wide eyed at the door, but it wasn't with a look that one might associate with shock and confusion. He was shocked but certainly not confused almost like he'd just remembered something, like he knew exactly what that door was for but still somehow hadn't expected it to be there. Severus turned to the door and immediately reached out to grab the doorknob when James stopped him short, grabbing his arm to yank him away only for Severus to wretch his arm free. "Don't." "Why not, what's in there?" "None of your business, Snape now back off." James growled as he tried to grab the Slytherin's arm while Severus made to grab the door knob only for the door to open of its own violation, causing a bright blinding light to fill up the entire hallway. "What the hell?!" James said raising his arms to shield his eyes while Severus tried to squint through the light only for the ground beneath them to give a violent shake, causing James to stumble and fall right into the shorter teen in front of him, which resulted in Severus being shoved hard and they both went tumbling through the doorway, the door quickly slammed shut behind them before it just as suddenly disappeared. The castle stilled and the hallway became quiet. There were no traces of the Slytherin or Gryffindor anywhere in sight. Both had disappeared without a single trace. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx It was morning. Remus and Sirius were making their way through the empty halls, making sure to avoid running into Filch or any students as they headed towards the room of requirement on the sixth floor. Sirius let out a long drawn out yawn, not even