A/N: Don't ever get used to this… ever. Prequel to the Alliance two chapters long including this one We'll say its set a few weeks before Harry and Ron go meet with Tom. Apologies spelling, grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of its characters that right goes to J.K Rowling Harry added the porcupine quills into the cauldron and watched as the draught briefly changed color before fading back to its original green and he started stirring it again. It's wrong, of course Harry knows he's doing it wrong but doing it right would attract too much attention from their already weary potions professor. So instead the boy who lived chose to blunder through the assignment like an idiot and pretend like he had absolutely no idea what he was doing. Glancing up for a brief moment Harry caught sight of Snape in the back of the class. The potions master was slowly making his way through the class room as he supervised the brewing with his eyes alert and focused on his surroundings at all times but Harry still noticed Snape's gaze flicker towards his desk every now and then. Snape's been watching them more than usual lately, watching Harry more lately. There was something very off about both him and Ron, but for the life of him Severus couldn't figure out exactly what that is. Whatever it was had the hairs on the back of his neck standing up straight whenever Potter stared at him for too long or had a shiver running down his spine whenever Weasley smiled his way. There was something wrong with those boys, Severus just needs to figure out what. Harry resisted the urge to sigh at the pointless dramatics, there's an easy way to end all of this but Harry has no way of doing that, not yet anyway. So he'll wear the glamours, fake those smiles and pretend like he feels nothing but complete and total utter loathing for his potions professor. But all of that is only temporary soon there won't be a need for any of it and he'll finally be able to put it all behind him once and for all. The raven moved his gaze away from Snape and towards his best friend instead only to resist another sigh. Ron stood beside him completely ignoring their sleep draught in favor of staring at a certain dark skinned slytherin working on the other side of the room. Ron stared longingly at Blaise while his hand went up to start toying with a lock of hair behind his ear and Harry rolled his eyes. At this point his glamour will start slipping, not enough for any of the students to notice of course but definitely enough for someone as talented as Snape to notice. Harry nudged his best friend harshly with his elbow and Ron let out a hiss as he glared at his best friend. "Ow! Bloody hell what was that for?!" "For behaving like a love-struck fool, that's what." Harry hissed back as he continued to stir the potion, "Pay attention, once we finish this we can leave and then you can spend the entire day drooling over Zabini somewhere else." Ron rolled his eyes, "Pay attention to what? It's not like we're actually trying to get this right anyway, I'm sure you can sabotage a sleep draught without me." Harry sighed, "We need to keep up appearances remember, Snape's already suspicious of us." "Well if you didn't insist on staring at him like you want to bend him over his desk and take him like an animal he wouldn't be suspicious of us would he?" Ron growled spitefully but still turned away from Zabini to stare down at the potion while Harry felt his cheeks begin to flare with heat. "Like you aren't having similar thoughts on Zabini." "Oh if only my thoughts on Blaise were that innocent, it wouldn't be so hard trying to restrain myself." The redhead said with a cheeky grin and Harry huffed out a laugh, "Such tortures you have to suffer through." "Hmm," Ron hummed with a nod as he stared down critically at the potion with his eyebrows furrowed together in thought, "Tortures I'd be spared from if that bloody hat hadn't ruined everything for me. This looks terrible, it's supposed to be red not green." "We're supposed to be failing remember?" Harry said with a shrug, "You know the hat ruined everything for me as well." "At least you had a choice, you chose to be a Gryffindor." "Only because of what you and your brothers told me." "And I sincerely apologize for that mate." Ron gave a sigh, "I was a child back then, a mindless, moronic, pigheaded child." "And what are you now, other than a spoilt brat?" Harry teased and Ron nudged his arm with a glare, "Beautiful, horny and lonely." "Ah a man nearest to my heart. I didn't know Zabini was fond of that type." "He will be, once I get rid of a few annoying pests." Harry frowned at that, "Pests?" Ron rolled his eyes and looked back towards Zabini's table where Pansy Parkinson was standing so close to Blaise it looked like she'd somehow melded into his side. Harry gave a snort as he added the crushed pixie wings. "I see you have some competition." "No," Ron started with a growl and Harry looked up to see the redhead's eyes light up and faintly glow as he glared at the girl across the room, "What I have is a dirty tart that needs to keep her slimy claws off things that don't belong to her." Harry's eyes went wide when the glow grew brighter before it just as suddenly dimmed and Ron gave a wide grin when Severus' head snapped up and they both had to look away lest they got caught. The potions master was about to head right for them when a terrified shriek stopped him short and drew the entire classes attention. Pansy was screeching in horror as she watched the fingers on her hands grown longer and longer before they suddenly wrapped around her and locked her tight causing the girl to stumble and fall while her potions partner just stared on in shock. The entire classroom echoed with confused grunts and shocked gasps when Snape quickly strode up to them. "Zabini, what on earth happened?" "I-I don't know sir, she just started screaming and-" the potions master raised his hand to silence him and the rest of the class as he knelt down beside the bound girl. Her fingers had covered her mouth and she wasn't able to speak let alone scream anymore. "I'll take her to the infirmary," Snape said as he stood up straight and cast a levitating spell on Pansy's form as he led her from the room. "The rest of you will complete your potions and hand them in at the front of the desk that includes you as well Mr. Zabini." The slytherin paused, "But sir what if-" "Miss Parkinson was hit with a curse as I am yet to come across a potion capable of such a reaction, meaning someone in this room will be punished severely once I find out who is responsible." The potions master said as he glanced over the entire class, but his eyes lingered on Harry and Ron for a second too long. "All of you back to work." With that Snape left the room and the classroom burst into excited chatter over what just happened. Blaise just continued to stare on after them when he suddenly felt someone's gaze on him. Bright blue eyes were staring quite openly at him and the redhead gave him a wink and a smile, causing the Slytherin to blink in surprise and stare when his eyes lit up with realization, much to Harry's surprise Zabini laughed. Ron beamed and Harry gave an exasperated sigh, "A little dark don't you think, mate." Ron shrugged, "Nope, I was just making sure Parkinson learns how to keep her hands to herself that's all." "Of course you were." "But seriously though Harry, I'm tired of all this." "Tired of what," Harry asked without looking back up from the potion as he started stirring it again and Ron gave a sigh, "This. Pretending to be something I'm not just and not being able to take what I want, just so I can fit on with everyone else. Just going on day after day like everything's fine and we don't actually know what Dumbledore is capable of. I'm tired Harry." The raven looked up at his friend and saw sadness and frustration in those bright blue eyes as Ron continued to stare longingly at Blaise while the Slytherin continued brewing his potion. Harry let out a deep sigh, "You and I both mate." It started in second year, when Harry saved Ginny from the Chamber of secrets. That day when they were alone in the dark tunnels leading towards the Basilisk's resting place, Ron came into his inheritance, an inheritance that his mother never told him about. Lockhart had them cornered and planned on erasing their memories, Ron panicked and Harry could only watch in shock as the redhead's eyes started to glow and the wand in Lockhart's hand suddenly exploded in a bright firey display of purple flames. This explosion is unfortunately also what caused Harry to be separated from Ron as part of the ceiling collapsed and he was forced to face the Basilisk alone. Things worked out of course and everyone was safe, but when Harry went to go see Ron in the infirmary the redhead didn't remember anything about what happened in the Chamber of secrets. At first Harry thought that maybe Lockhart somehow managed to fire that spell and Ron couldn't remember because his memories had been erased. But then he found out the truth, his memories had been erased, but Lockhart wasn't the one that did it. It was Molly Weasley who was acting under strict orders from their headmaster Dumbledore. Apparently Ron didn't know about his inheritance because he wasn't meant to know. It was a gift, handed down from one generation of Prewett's to the next, a dark gift that allowed one to have a powerful mastery of control over dark magic. The inheritance skipped his mother, so Molly assumed that it wouldn't show up in any of her children either, but unfortunately she was wrong. And that simply wouldn't do. So Molly erased her son's memories and cast new binding charms on Ron to replace the ones that somehow managed to break during the episode with Lockhart. Harry found out about that later that night after sneaking into the infirmary in his invisibility cloak to check on Ron only to arrive there just as the mother Weasley finished putting on the last charm all while Madame Pomfrey watched on in concern, asking if it was absolutely necessary to suppress the boy's abilities like that. But Molly insisted, because Albus insisted that it would be in everyone's best interest, he always knew what was right and he's never let them down before so why shouldn't they trust his judgment. Something hollow and cold settled in the pit of Harry's stomach when the woman spoke, Her eyes were cold and filled with revulsion as she stared down at her son before they brightened again once the spells were done. Like what he was disgusted her, but as long as it was covered up then all would be well. Harry went back to their room and stared up at the ceiling, completely unsure of what to do. He's had doubts about Dumbledore, sometimes he wondered why it was that he was taken to live with the Dursley's even though the Durlseys hated him and treated him like he was lower than dirt. It never made sense to him as to why had to