A/N: Yeah Do any of you remember the Drew Barrymore movie Riding in Cars With Boys ? I always loved that movie when I was younger; I keep hearing that song by the Everly Brothers All I have to do is dream in my head, so that's how I came up with this There are going to be many, many crack pairings in this. I'm not going into too much depth because you'll get to find out about some of them in the first chapter. But this is essentially a Blaise/Ron fic just with a lot of sub plots. Summary: "C'mon." Ron stared at the hand stretched out for him to take, looking up at the Slytherin before him before giving a brief glance back towards the castle. It's hard trying to understand something that you've been raised to hate. Since the day that he was born Ron was raised to believe in three things; hatred for all things dark, a hatred for all things Slytherin and absolute devotion to Dumbledore's cause. But one night as the rest of the world sleeps; in the absence of his mother's influence and a certain meddlesome headmaster's watchful gaze, Ron decides to break the status quo, just once. No one ever has to know. Little did he know, that one night of freedom would lead to a chain of events that could change all of their lives forever and all in the space of just six months. Apologies spelling, grammar and OOCness, lots of OOCness Warnings: Slash, threesome relationship (M/M/M), smut in later chapters, canon divergence (many many many many many changes so let's just say its non-canon, but just to give a starting point ignore everything after GOF). I'm moving things up by a year so they're all in sixth crossing over into seventh. Dark-ish characters, Petunia, Vernon, Dumbledore, Hermione and Ginny Bashing. Some Molly bashing but mother Weasley redeems herself. I don't normally approve of bashing but some of it was necessary for the story to work the way I wanted. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of its characters, that right goes to J.K Rowling Lee lay on the bed with his head hanging off the side and his arms spread out beside him, his dreadlocks fell over the side dangling just a few inches above the floor. He got off work about an hour ago, usually he worked till late covering news stories and checking in on sources but his heart just wasn't in it today and it showed. So his boss sent him home and told him to get some rest. " You work too much. And really it's a wonder you're holding out so well despite being around those ... monsters for so long." Monsters. Lee sighed. A few months ago he used to think of them in very much the same way. He thought they were monsters, evil vile creatures that don't deserve the air they breathe and he sincerely hoped that they would rot in hell. But again that was months ago, six months to be exact and in that time Lee has come to realize his own faults. To realize just how misguided he was. To realize just how easy it is to hate something because of the pure and simple fact that he didn't understand it. Without even realizing it Lee lifted his hand up to his lips and touched them, wondering briefly when it happened that he longed for that simple touch, a touch that he never got to have, not really any way. He's kissed them before, both of them and Lee can admit that he'd enjoyed both times on some level even if he hadn't done it for the same reasons. With one it was simply an impulse, like it was just the right thing to do at the time. He didn't feel anything for the older man nothing romantic, at least not really. He was more like an older brother. An older brother he'd gladly shag if given the chance but still, it was never about romance with him. Lee remembers it clearly although some parts of his brain wished he didn't since it wasn't entirely pleasant although it wasn't completely horrible either but that wasn't his fault. It felt good, warm and passionate unfortunately his mouth didn't taste too pleasant. His lips were chapped, his mouth tasted dirty and a little slimy and the smell coming from the older man had Lee quickly pulling away in order to catch his breath. His beard was untamed and therefore incredibly scratchy while his hair was long but tangled and greasy so Lee didn't waste much time running his hands through it. All in all it wasn't a nice kiss, but it was still a good kiss if that makes sense. With the other brother it was a moment of instinct as well but this time Lee couldn't deny that he felt something deeper for him, something that was far stronger than brotherly affection something he wanted more of as well. His kiss had its negatives, his hair was just as messy and unkempt as his brother's only less greasy and he'd been allowed to shave and wash up a bit so Lee didn't get the same scratchy moldy experience although it was still a bit stinky. But it was still some kind if perfect. He remembers the moan that reached his ears after their lips made contact, the ghost of a phantom touch on the side of his face and back of his neck and he's sure the older man would have grabbed his dreadlocks an yanked hard if he'd only been allowed to touch and it's that thought that caused Lee to let out a soft whimper of want before he pulled away. The first time happened months ago, after that he'd been too terrified to attempt it too often for fear of being caught and the repercussions that may follow because of it but he gave into temptation eventually and he hasn't been able to stop himself since. The boy sighed as he let his arm drop down onto his bed all over again. Merlin he's a mess. Not even Fred and George have ever gotten him this deep into trouble before and their pranks were legendary. What's worse is the fact that Lee can't tell his best friends about his problem. What he wouldn't do to just have someone to talk to about all this. But he can't If someone were to find out, if anyone found out... Lee doesn't even want to think about what would happen then. Lee glanced over towards the watch hanging over the nightstand near the window, briefly catching sight of the crescent moon in the velvet sky. It's late; if he isn't going to do something productive he might as well sleep right? Letting out a deep breath Lee slowly sat up and got off the bed heading over to the bathroom. To get ready to sleep when he suddenly heard his fireplace roar with flames announcing a fire call before a voice suddenly gave a shout. "Jordan! Jordan where the hell are you, we have a crisis on our hands." Lee frowned as he quickly ran into the living room where he could hear his boss, Abbey Lockwood's voice screeching excitedly "Jordan!" Lee stuck his head into the bright flames, "I'm right here. Really I heard you the first time-" "Where the hell have you been and exactly why aren't you dressed? This is the biggest news story we've had since the Triwizard tournament and you're lying about at home?" Lee rolled his eyes, "You're the one who told me to go home remember?" "Never mind that I need you down here right now, we have breaking news and I want all of my best journalists and anchors working on it." Lee frowned, "What's going on?" "Prison break at Azkaban." The woman said not even bothering to mask the excitement in her voice, as if a bunch if murderous criminals getting out to wreak havoc on society was a good thing, "Rumor has it he-who-must-not-be-named went in to go get his followers. Aurors are in an absolute tizzy about the affair demanding to know how anyone managed to get passed the dementors. Anyway I need you down here for the news broadcast and..." Lee was barely paying attention and his eyes were blown wide. He quickly spoke, interrupting the woman's ramblings, "Exactly who got out?" "His followers from what we understand. Avery, Wilkes and a few others although we haven't gotten the full report yet. That's why I need you here; you've had more time around Azkaban than any of the others, I need you to start digging for answers." Lee swallowed hard but still nodded, "Right I'm on my way." The fire died away and Lee all but ran to his bedroom, hazardously tossing his clothes to the floor as he looked for something to wear all while his heart raced and his breaths came out on quick pants. He felt like he was panicking but it wasn't panic that the dark teen felt, it was excitement, fear and maybe just a little bit of hope. Lee had just tugged on his jacket and slipped his wand in its holster when he suddenly heard a noise. Loud tapping against his bedroom window. Lee might have ignored it and thought it to just be a bird or some sort of tree branch if it weren't for the fact that he lived in the middle of the city far away from any trees of any sort. In the muggle world at home Lee would have thought it to be a coincidence. In the wizard world however there's no such thing as a coincidence. Pausing for a moment Lee approached the window, seeing nothing but the clear night sky on the other side of the glass frame he might have ignored it if it weren't for the tapping he heard all over again. With all the Gryffindor courage he could muster Lee quickly reached out and opened the window, a gust of cool night air hit him in the face and Lee frowned since he couldn't see anything. He leaned out of the window and tried to find the source of the noise only to gasp in surprise when he was suddenly grabbed, yanked out through the window and hauled up into the air. The teen let out a brief scream of surprise when he was dragged up into the air before scrapping to get a tight grasp on the body whose arms were wrapped around his waist. "Holy shit!" Lee cursed as he looked down at the street much further down below only for a warm chuckle to break his terrified thoughts and bring him back to the figure that snatched him. "What-... Rabastan?" The older man gave him a grin and Lee could do nothing more than stare in shock before he stuttered out, "What-how..." "I said I'd have you remember?" Lee does remember, but that's hardly the point here. "No I mean-" the teen was cut off when a pair I lips suddenly met his own, claiming his mouth in a possessive kiss that left the teen feeling breathless by the time the older man pulled back. Lee gasped and his hands clenched in Rabastan's robes. It felt so much better than it did a while back. Rabastan smelled heavenly like fresh cut grass and oak, he was shaved clean and Lee couldn't help but moan since he could actually feel Rabastan kiss him back this time, completely unhindered by Azkaban security magic that made every touch feel like a whisper of air. Lee was lost in these thoughts when the older man spoke and brought him back to reality. "You're coming with us." Lee sighed and shook his head. "No." "Why not?" "You mean besides the fact that I'm a muggleborn?" Lee looked away, "You