I started writing this story almost 7 years ago. Things happened in my life that stopped me from writing. When I rediscovered this story I read through it and realised how many mistakes were in this chapter. I have edited this chapter, so their should be less mistakes now. Please do bear with me as I am dyslexic so I may not of found all the mistakes. With that being said please enjoy the first Chapter of Fashion and the Army, hopefully you stick with me through this story and leave me you thought and opinions BPOV "Bella this way." "Isabella over here" "Ms Swan Can I get an interview?" Thankfully having people shouting my name is something I have gotten used to. Looking around I saw many different people trying to get my attention. I walked over to the last person that said my name. "Hello Ms Swan." Said a lovely looking girl dressed in one of my older designs. It was a off the shoulder tight black dress with a white ribbon right under the bust, with the dress stopping mid thigh. "Please call me Bella." I said. "What is your name?" "My name is Angela, here from Vogue. I was hoping to get a small bit of your time?" She looked down at her notepad as she asked her question making her seem very shy. I signalled over one of the guards that were there for the night. He noticed me and came over straight away. "Yes Ms? What can I do for you?" he asked. "Can you let this women through the barrier please?" I pointed over to Angela so that he knew whom I was referring to. "Right away ma'am." He opened up the barrier and let Angela through, all while keeping the rest out. "Angela come with me." I walked on with her by my side. "I am guessing that you are either every new at your job or have been only getting very small articles. I am right Angela?" I looked at her. "Your right Bella I have been there three years and I have never gotten a big project." She sighed sounding so sad. "Not any more. I am giving you an excusive. Ask me anything and I will answer." I gave her a smile. "By the way my design looks amazing on you. Its suits you better than anyone I have seen it on before. I was thinking of having it in the next issue." I said the last bit more thinking to myself. "Thank you. It's my favourite dress. So do you mind if I start asking you questions now?" "Go ahead." I told her. "You are known as one of the riches women in America. Do you think the fame and money has changed you in any way?" "I would like to say no, but I can't. I am not going to lie to you, I had a time in my life when treated every one like dirt, I thought I was better than anyone. I come from a small town and a family that didn't have much money as I grew up, I didn't know how to handle the wealth that came with my success. But you know what I did with my first pay check?" She moved her head as to say no. "I bought all my friends and family out for dinner and the fanciest restaurant in my home town." I smiled at the memory. "What made you change? From treating people to dirt to being so nice I mean?" Angela asked. "I had a big knock that made me see that no amount of money will let you be treated differently in the eyes of God. My mother died is what happened. She left me a letter telling me of what I had become and what she wanted me to do in my life." "Oh I am sorry for your loss." Angela said. "Thank you. But do you think we can stop the questions just for a few minutes?" She nodded. "Oh I will do you one better. After the show we can go up to my room and finish the questions up there." She gave me a smile. "But for now do you think you can help me out tonight?" "I would love to help you. It will show me how a fashion show works." We spent the next hour talking to some of the other designers. We were speaking with Sue Clearwater daughter who was designing some of her own clothes when my phone vibrated against my thigh, where I had it strapped. I open up my dress at the slit running up the side of my leg and took my phone out, I saw it was Heidi calling me. "Sorry I have to take this. Angela I will be back in a second." I answered my phone. "Heidi what's wrong?" My voice was full of concern; she wouldn't call if on the night of a fashion show if it weren't important. "Bella, I'm so sorry but we're one model down. Jane's brother was in a car crash and she had to leave the show." Oh no poor Jane, hopefully her brother will be ok. Jane is a great model and was due to wear the same dress Angela was already wearing tonight. "It'll be ok, I have the perfect girl to do it." I hung up and went back to Angela and Sue Clearwater's daughter. "I'm sorry but I need to steal Angela away from you. If you can come in next week so we can talk about you being in the magazine that would be great." With a smile Angela and I left to go to our seats. Angela kept taking note all the time. The lights dimmed and the music started. Heidi came out first, and then Jessica followed by Rosalie. When Rosalie went back backstage I stood up and pulled Angela with me. When we went backstage I shouted for all the girls to shut up. "Ok girl this is Angela and she will be taking Jane's place and going last. Rosalie come give her a quick lesson on the runway walk." I turned to look at Angela. "Can you do this for me, please? The dress looks better on you than the model who was going to wear it tonight." "Of course I'll help." She said. I hugged her and handed her to Rosalie. It was Angela's turn to go down the runway and she was great. The best model I have seen in a while. "You know it's like you have a sixth sense for picking out people who will be a great model." Rosalie said coming up to stand next to me. "She looks like she was made for the runway." I told her. She agreed and gave me my microphone. I walked out on to the stage and did my own runway walk. "Thank you all for coming. Tonight was a great success. We raised 300,000 dollars tonight for the BEMACS foundation to help the children of Africa. You can see all my designs in the next issue of BEMACS. Thank you all so much. Now lets bring out all our models." After the night was done Angela and I went up to my room that I had for the night. We walked over to the table and she started to ask more questions. After about three hours we got into more personal questions. "When you where thanking everyone tonight I notice you said the magazine you said it in letters and not as one word. Why you did that?" She asked me. I got up and poured myself a glass of scotch and went back to her. "The name is the letters. But everyone got annoyed at saying the letters. They all said it was too long." I laughed a little to myself remembering it. "Well what do the letters stand for?" Angela asked. I had never told anyone before. "B is for Bella, E is Edward, M for Marie, A is Anthony, and C for Cullen and S is Swan." I told her. "Who is Edward Anthony Cullen?" "My best friend. He was also the one how got me started the fashion world. I owe him my life." I told her. "I never read anywhere of how you got started in the fashion industry could share your story with me please?" "Of course. Where to start? I know. When we where younger our parents could not separate us at all. But when we got older we got better. It was when we were in high school that he saw me drawing. He asked me to draw him, so I did and it was one of the best drawings I have ever done. But the thing is the clothes were done better than him. He saw my talent before I did. Edward asked me to draw a dress, any kind it didn't matter. So I drew a beautiful dark blue dress. It way long and flowed just right, it hugged all the right curves, it was backless and the straps were crossed at the front and looped around the neck." I pictured the dress in my head and remembered it just like it was yesterday. Back flash. " Have you done it yet?" Edward asked me for the tenth time. " Yes I am done ok." I told him handing him my design. He just looked at it with a smile on his face. Without one word he grabed my hand and we were out my door and in his car. " Edward, what's going on?" I asked thinking he had gone mad. " We're getting the material for your dress." " What dress I don't have a dress. I am going with Alice to buy one tomorrow." I told him. He was my date for our junior prom and told me he didn't want to go with anyone else. " Bella the dress you drew is the dress for you no other. You have to wear it to prom. Please?" Oh no he has pulled out the pout. God help me. " You want me to make a dress in only a week? Edward are you mad?" He is so stupid when he wants to be. " Bella I know you can do it. I know you fix all your clothes and any rips in them. I can help you." I laughed at him. " I want to wear a dress not scraps material." He gave he a smile telling me he knew he won. A week later the dress was done. Alice was so pissed off that I wasn't buying a dress but making one. But when she saw it all done and finished on me she actually cried telling me I looked perfect. She came over and helped me get ready. " Alice there is nothing you can do. The dress is the only thing that is beautiful about me. I don't even know why Edward asked me to go with him." Alice was over trying to make me look beautiful. She was curling my hair and doing my make-up lightly. " Bella please listen to me you are the most beautiful person I know. You have this amazing talent, look at what you made," she pointed to my dress lying on my bed. "That is amazing and you made it all on your own in just a week and all by hand. The second you walk into the dance everyone's eyes will be on you. And that means Edwards as well. And on top of all that you are the nicest and the most caring person I know." I got up and gave her a huge hug. "Alice, promise me nothing will tear us apart." She nodded and hugged me tighter. When Alice was finished with my hair I put on my dress. Edward came a few minutes later and