It's been many many many months with no word from me. Yet I'm back because I've needed the outlet of writing again. This story shares the same theme as one of my others, the fame part, but the difference is this one is going to be so fluffy and sweet that your teeth will rot on the spot. It's for fun and I don't know how far this will go but I'm gonna keep writing until the need for this outlet goes away. Also, this is beta free so I do apologize for the errors that you'll see. Disclaimer: I literally own nothing. I just play around with the characters and put them in silly/sexy/sweet situations. All credit goes to the rightful owners. Chapter One: I'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home. I'll spend forever wondering if you knew…I was enchanted to meet you. Deep breaths, Bella. Why was I freaking out again? It was no big deal. I was just going to a simple charity function. Sure said charity function was being hosted by the record company that had signed me not even five months ago—McCarty Records—but it was still just a run of the mill charity function. Did I mention that this evening I would be surrounded by Hollywood's hottest? No, well yeah that was also a small insignificant little detail. Just me, plain ole Bella Swan, being surrounded by the likes of Beyoncé and Adele. Psssh, no biggie. Okay it was a very big biggie and I was pretty sure I was seconds away from hyperventilating. I don't know why I was finding myself in such a situation so soon. I did expect to be exposed to other celebrities in my future—I did have a record deal—but I didn't think it would be this soon and at an event this huge. I felt my stomach roll. I don't think I can do this. I'm not ready, I haven't prepared at all. Okay, so that's not entirely true. My manager—even in my nervous state I still found the energy to squeal at the thought—Angela had taken it upon herself to start slowly prepping me for the world that I've dreamt of since I was a little girl. But most of the stuff we talked about didn't exactly apply to this situation. I highly doubted I'd have hundreds of cameras shoved in MY face tonight. I'm sure I'd have a picture taken in passing but who would focus on me when there were other incredible people gracing the carpet? I wouldn't even focus on me. I could just imagine myself face planting on the carpet because I was too busy checking out my favorite celebs. I groaned at the thought. Please, please, please don't let me embarrass myself tonight. I didn't want to be known as 'the girl who did a face plant when arriving at a charity dinner' for the rest of my Hollywood career, no matter how long or short it may be. Maybe the heels weren't such a good idea. I glanced down at the five inch black heels that adorned my feet. I wasn't the world's clumsiest person but put me in an awkward situation and I somehow manage to trip over everything and nothing all at once. Yet Angela nearly stabbed me when she saw my tattered old chucks on my feet when she arrived with the car to pick me up. Angela, as amazing as she is, can be a little scary sometimes. She's lucky I owned a pair of heels. Once upon a time, you couldn't find anything besides chucks or flip flops in this girl's closet. It wasn't until I had a meeting with Mr. McCarty that I decided that I needed to buy something to make me look presentable. Hell, I was lucky I could afford this dress. Given it is something I bought roughly two years back but it was an adorable little black dress that gave me the confidence boost I needed for tonight. Angela approved so that means it wasn't too casual for tonight's events. Note to self: buy more dresses for events like these in the near future. Being a wannabe singer/songwriter isn't exactly easy nor nearly as glamourous as I thought it would be once. I always thought that I'd move to New York and live in an amazing apartment and get signed up within a week. Yeah, well that didn't exactly happen. I had to get a job, and eventually two jobs, to be able to afford the ridiculous rent of my little tin can studio plus all the other bills that came with it. Eventually my dream got put on a backburner because I was either too exhausted or too busy to be able to look for someone to sign me. It was pure luck that I got signed with McCarty records, which was one of the best record companies in the world. Mr. McCarty—or Emmett as he's constantly telling me to call him—was out on a date with his wife when he stumbled upon me preforming in a bar. I was only up on that stage with my guitar because our talent for the night had canceled and my boss was franticly trying to find someone. She called several people—she didn't exactly have faith that I could entertain the bar—but eventually gave up because everyone was too busy to come in on that short of notice. Several sets later, M—Emmett approached me with his business card and told me to call him in the morning so that we could discuss my contract. Just like that. My dream was finally coming true, nearly four years later but it was better late than never. "Bella? Earth to Bella?" I blinked focusing on the dark hazel eyes of my manager. "Sorry," I flushed, sheepishly. "What were you saying?" "We're here." Here? Already?! I glanced out the window and noticed all the flashing lights. Now that I wasn't wrapped up in my thoughts, I could even hear the shouts of the reporters as star after star posed on the red carpet. "Is that Rosalie Hale?!" I gaped as I stared at her beautiful form. She looked like a goddess in her sparkly floor length red dress and wavy blonde locks. Suddenly, I felt underdressed. "It would appear so," Angela said looking as calm as ever. "Are you ready?" "No." I gasped but I didn't have a choice. The door was opened up and a hand was held out to me by the man who had opened it. I shot Angela a panicked glance before taking the man's hand and getting out. "Thank you." He bobbed his head and helped Angela out. "Just relax," Angela said as she pushed me toward the carpet. "No one will focus on you just yet. There may be several pictures snapped but just smile and act normal." I nodded mutely. She wasn't lying. For the most part, I was left alone. Yet I did get stopped twice to have my picture taken. I tried not to act as awkward as I felt as I gave them a grin and a blush. It was weird, staying rooted in place while they snapped a billion pictures of me but I did it. "See, that wasn't bad." Angela smiled as we finally made it inside the hotel. I shrugged but I did agree. It wasn't terrible but it was definitely something that you'd have to get used to. "Bella!" I heard the familiar voice of Emmett yell. I let my eyes wander over to him and his wife. They had been standing in the hotel's foyer greeting each and every guest while also posing occasionally for a picture or two. Emmett looked as dashing as ever in a dark tux and a vibrant yellow bow. His normally brown curls were slicked back in a more formal style but that's all that had really changed. His wife, Alice, I had met on two occasions. She was incredibly hyper both of those times and kind of intimidating. She was a fashion designer who was known for her incredible fashion shows, I should know since I still dutifully watch them every year via Youtube. Alice looked stunning in a knee length yellow dress and white stilettos. Her normally long hair was tucked in an intricate bun that looked like it took ages to do and her makeup was flawless. And once again, I felt underdressed. I grimaced. "You made it!" "Yeah!" I tried to be enthusiastic instead of the nervous bundle of flesh that I was. "What a turnout." "Even bigger than last year," he boasted. "You're looking beautiful tonight." he took my hand and kissed it before forcing me to spin around. I couldn't help but giggle. "You don't look too bad yourself." I cast him a wink. "But we both know that Alice takes the cake." She scuffed but leaned forward to kiss both of my cheeks. "Hardly." "How are you both tonight?" "Excited," Emmett boomed. "I have so many people to introduce you to tonight so don't run away." "Is it that obvious that I feel like doing that?" "Very," he grinned cheekily. "We've all been there so don't worry. Just relax, have a drink—mingle." "A drink sounds nice actually." I had given myself a two drink limit tonight. I wasn't really a big fan of any alcohol but I did partake on occasion, usually when I'm either nervous or ready to celebrate. Tonight I was a mixture of both, hence the two drinks. "It's an open bar, plus we have several servers with champagne. Why don't you go on in and grab something?" I nodded. "Do you guys want anything?" "We're good." Alice responded "I can't drink anyhow." Right, she was pregnant. Child number two on the way. I met their first child, a cute little boy named Liam who looked just like his daddy with brown curls and blue eyes and even dimples. "Ang?" "Chardonnay, please." I nodded and took off toward the bar. It took me far longer to get to the bar than it should have. I kept getting sidetracked by all the celebrities that were in attendance tonight. Several of them did stop to talk to me when they noticed me staring a hole in the side of their faces. Angela would be proud. I didn't scream in their faces nor did I attempt to feel anyone up. It got pretty close with Gerard butler but I managed to refrain. Finally, after what felt like an amazing eternity, I was at the bar which was packed with both celebrities and several other unfamiliar faces. I sat on the one empty barstool, closest to the wall, and waited patiently for the bartender to get down this far. I decided to check my Tumblr while I was waiting. I was in the corner after all so this was a pretty safe place to entertain myself with that wonderfully random addicting site. I unlocked my phone and smiled back at the beaming, and shirtless, Edward Cullen. It was from his last movie, a movie that was pretty much just about sex, and he had several shirtless and naked scenes in it. You think this is bad you should see the collage I have for my laptop background. Sadly, I realized, that I didn't see Edward here at all. That was both depressing and welcoming because frankly, that close call with Gerard wouldn't happen if Edward were to be here. I could imagine the headlines now. ' Crazy fan kicked out after molesting Edward Cullen at Charity Fundraiser' I snorted rather loudly as I scrolled through my dash. I had several of those 'Pass to amazing people' chainletters in my inbox as well as several other sweet fan mail from tumblr friends. My tumblr was a jumbled mess of pictures I took of New York, short vines of me singing, plus snapshots of my handwritten lyrics and recently even a few of me