The date is 11/24/16 and I'm am here to announce that this story is in the process of a major overhaul. I know you have all thought that I've given up on the darkness that is this story and while for a while that was true. This story hits so close to home that it's hard to write it, especially when I start feeling how Bella feels so I had to leave it alone for a while until I was ready to pick it up again. However, ready or not, I want to finish this story, not only for me but for you and oddly enough for the Bella and Edward in this story. So thank you all for being here regardless of my long absence and thank you for all the kind reviews and message that I have recieved, you don't know how much they all mean to me! BEFORE you read, I want to make it clear that this story has very little happiness in it in the start. This story covers very dark topics such as selfharm/rape/murder/ as well as drug abuse. I do not condone any of these nor am I saying that any of these things (Self-harm/drug use) should be used to 'cure' your pain. I know what it's like to be in a very dark place and though i may not like to admit it sometimes, it gets better. So if you are experiencing anything, anything that makes you sad or that gives you an itch, contact someone so that you'll be able to have the life that you deserve. You're not alone, I promise. Disclaimer: I own nothing. " All I wanted was you," -The kill, 30 seconds to Mars Edward "E" Masen After what felt like an eternity, I finally managed to make an escape from the cafeteria. It took ages to manage to get out of those two blonde wannabes sight. Although, I'm sure they were trying to sniff out my trail. I scuffed to myself as I fished out a pack of cigarettes out of my back pocket. I only had three left to last me until I managed to get back to Seattle, or maybe Port Angeles. I know for sure that no one in this God forsaken town would sell them to me because they all knew too well that I was underage. Thankfully, this day hadn't been THAT stressful. When I'm stressed out, I smoke more than I care to admit. Obviously, I finally broke around lunch time because everyone was being so fucking annoying. It felt like everyone and their fucking mother wanted to know everything about my 'mysterious' past. I should be used to this, six different high schools in the last two years, same shit different school. I gotta give them credit for being sneaky little fuckers though. How's your day been? Why are you so tattoo'd? How are you liking Forks so far? What's it like being fostered by the Cullen's? Do you like all your classes so far? What happened to your birth parents? What aggravated me the most was that my little sister was always eager to please and didn't mind answering any question that was directed at not only her but me as well. I had to remind her at least four times today that we didn't need to air out our dirty laundry. Not like we'd be here long anyway. It didn't take long for a family to get tired of fostering two teenagers, one fifteen while the other was seventeen. Well, maybe that wasn't the complete truth. It's not that they got tired of teens…they got tired of me, and my shit. Truth is, almost all the families we were placed with adored Alice and I from the get go but their adoration for me quickly faltered because I was a bastard. In an attempt to at least keep a roof over Alice's head, our social worker (Charlotte) decided that it would be best to split us up. It took months of convincing before I finally agreed to letting her go on her own and boy did I regret it every fucking day. I was placed with a very strict God loving family that tried to be as strict with me as they could. I'll give them points for not dumping me at Charlottes door after the first two weeks. Meanwhile, Alice was placed with a nice-looking couple and their two young daughters. I thought that place would be good for her, she'd have someone around her age to hang out with and another younger to dote on. But then things started to happen…then I started noticing that light in her eyes just…fading away. Two months into our separation, I sprung her from that hell hole and together we lived on the streets for roughly three months. We hopped from place to place, some were my friends and…not proud of it but some were drug dealers who I offered to work for in exchange for a roof over our head. Soon I realized that the streets were no place for Alice. She was so little and so loving, she deserved better than that…no matter how much she said that she didn't mind. So, this time I was trying for Alice. Honestly, the newest couple that decided to take us in weren't that bad. Actually, they couldn't even be placed anywhere near the bad spectrum. Esme was by far one of the nicest woman that I've ever met. The day we arrived she greeted us with tight hugs and a huge home cooked meal that could surely feed half of this town. She even made sure that we had our own rooms, and not little rooms either. She also allowed us to spend whatever we wanted to make sure that our rooms felt like…well, ours. The only downside to Esme was that she was a shrink…however, thus far she hadn't tried to be MY shrink so all was well. Carlisle, her husband, wasn't bad either. He was a doctor at the local hospital, real talented from what I hear (What he's doing in a small town like this, I'll never know). He was just as compassionate as Esme is. He allowed me access to his piano and his library full of first edition books… …and he also bought me a car. A brand fucking new car that I got to choose myself, and it wasn't cheap either. I was going to go for something sportsy and looked as if it belonged in a street racing movie. But, I decided to go with practical because maybe, just maybe, I'd get away with taking it after things blew up here. I could definitely live in my silver ram pickup. Plus, I know fit in, in this hick town. I really did love that car though. It was nice and sleek, very handy. Part of me wanted to believe that after spending so much money on us, they wouldn't just ship us back to Charlotte but you never know. I was still on edge, not ready to fully settle in, but I promised Alice that I would try this time. Alice loves it here, both with Carlisle and Esme and in this small town. She was constantly trying to drag me on forest hikes because she wanted to take in the natural beauty. That light in her eyes had returned even if it had only been two weeks. I loved seeing it and let her drag me out every damn time. I really owed it to her after my last stunt, the one that landed me in juvie for a couple months… But I digress. I parked myself on one of the abandoned picnic benches as I lit up my cigarette. I would love something stronger to calm my mood but I promised to behave on my first day. Tomorrow is fair game though! Don't tell Esme that… I scuffed. Damn Esme. She already had me wrapped around her finger just as tightly as Alice did. As I blew out a ring of smoke, I relaxed and sat back to take in my surroundings. It was quiet, calm, and very chilly which wasn't odd considering it was late November. Not another soul was out here, well not near me at least I did spot a couple in their car a bit away but decided it was best to avoid that show… Despite it looking like a scene right out of movies, tall forests and leaves falling all around, I missed the city. I missed the tall buildings, the cement sidewalks and the bright lights. I even missed the sound of people and that's saying something considering I find about 90% of the people I meet, or see on the street, annoying. Thank fuck that Seattle was only a few hours away from here and now with my own car, a couple trips a week would be manageable once the ban of straying further than Port Angeles was lifted. As I mused the possibilities of Carlisle and Esme lifting the ban early, I noticed someone approaching. At first I thought it was Alice but as the small figure grew closer, I could tell it wasn't. But it was a girl, a beautiful fucking girl, that I hadn't had the pleasure of meeting though it was well into the afternoon. As she approached an empty bench a few feet in front of me, I let my eyes take her in. Her hood was down which gave me the greatest view of her long wavy shocking shade of blue hair and her chocolate brown eyes (though only for a second because she noticed me and her eyes quickly looked everywhere else). She was pale, paler than I was, and had dark circles under her eyes but her skin was flawless (I almost cringed at using that word but that's the only word to describe it) and I'm sure most models, Hell most girls would kill for it. I pouted a little when I noticed that she was wearing the baggest clothes possible so that I couldn't really get a good look at her body. We met eyes once more, only briefly, and then she popped her earbuds in and opened up a book. I understood. I wasn't in the mood to talk either, correction I hadn't been in the mood to talk..until now. At least I could examine more of this little blue beauty that sat just a couple feet in front of me. And just when I thought she couldn't get any hotter, I saw a flash of ink on her ivory skin. Fuck Me. I had thought that I was alone when it came to having tattoos in this place. And I seriously mean that. I was like a walking art display and it caused a lot of attention not that I gave a shit what other people thought. I went a little crazy a few years back and got one tattoo and one tattoo turned into another and another and then I got a sleeve…My foster parents nearly exploded in rage when I kept coming home with them. And thus, I was shipped back to Charlotte. What can I say, it was addicting. It was nice to see that I wasn't the only one who had a love for tattoos. As I continued my creepy staring, blue's hood fell down once again revealing those blue locks. Before she put it up, she fished a bag out of her backpack. It definitely wasn't food in that bag… Was it bad manners to ask for a hit? "I can feel you staring at me." And just like that, the blunt was forgotten. Her voice was soft and gentle, yet held a bell like tone. It was also shaky and I could tell that she was incredibly nervous (perhaps scared). "Would you like some?" She looked up at me and I got a better look