AN: Hey everyone I'm back! and with a new name lol! I am starting this new story with a Co-Author who is also my mother (DON'T JUDGE ME!) and I'm sorry for not continuing my previous story of Percy Jackson. I'm looking forward to reading your reviews on this story and hoping to get my creative juices flowing so I can continue the other story soon. But onto this one...I hope you enjoy the story and I'll only do this disclaimer one time so don't ask for more! We do not own the wonderful and beautiful world of Harry Potter nor any of it's sister stories written by J.K. Rowling...she owns it all and I am extremely happy it's her that owns it for I highly doubt anyone else would have done anywhere near as beautiful of a job at it as she did. And I thank J.K. Rowling for creating the world of Harry potter and sharing it with the world...she has made this world a better place due to its publication. Harry Potter, Year One: Prologue: Ding, Dong, The Dark Lord's Gone, (Here, Have Your Nephew) October 31, 1986, 10 p.m. Potter's cottage, Godric's Hollow He walked quietly through the shadows. He knew that between the new moon and his black hooded cloak, that nobody would see him. As he approached the gate to the hidden cottage, he knew that his spy was correct. This was the place all right. He could feel the spell that had been placed here. It was a powerful one, and only his spy could have told him where this place was. He waved his wand silently at the gate, opening it without so much as a single squeak in protest, then walked through, shutting it behind him just as silently. He peered around. Yes, this looks like a typical magical abode. He could see where the vegetable garden was, protected from the frost with spells. He could also see where all the herbs and other ingredients for potions were planted, equally protected from the elements. He moved slowly up the walk, then peered through the front window. He could see his prey there, playing with their little whelp. He watched as an ordinary looking man used his wand to create colored smoke rings to the glee of the little boy sitting in the woman's lap. After a few more minutes, the man put his wand away, kissed the little boy on the head, then said "Time for bed." The woman looked at him and told him "I'll be just a couple minutes." She picked up her wand, then carrying the little boy, disappeared up the steps. It was now time for him to make his move! He waved his wand at the door, sending it crashing open. The man jumped up, grabbing his wand and yelling "Lily! Get Harry out of here now and get help!" The man from the shadows gave a whispery laugh and said "You don't stand a chance against me, now step aside!" The other man looked at him, and started to cast his spell. Before the other man could finish his spell, the man from the shadows said "Avada Kedavra", causing a green light to hit the other man directly in the chest, killing him instantly. "Foolish man! I would have spared you! I only want your son!" Meanwhile, upstairs, the woman the other man called Lily quickly set her son down in his bed. She knew that she did not have time to hide or protect her son, so she did the only thing she could do. She quickly waved her wand, saying "Expecto Patronum". When the silvery doe appeared, she told it "go!" then watched it fly away, and split into 2. She hoped that they got the message in time to save her son. She then knelt in front of her son's bed, gave him a hug and kiss, then told him "Mummy loves you! Everything will be alright." She then turned around, placing herself between her son and the door, just as the door blew open. The man from the shadows looked at her, and said "Foolish girl, get out of my way, and you will come to no harm!" Lily looked him in the eye, put her wand down, and said, "You will not harm my son!" The man from the shadows looked at her in wonder, then said "So be it. Avada Kedavra." The woman was hit by the green light and collapsed to the floor. The man from the shadows then looked at the boy. The boy was barely old enough to walk. He smirked. There is no way that this child is going to be his undoing now! The child just looked at the man from the shadows, like he was studying him, trying to memorize his face. "Avada Kedavra" said the man one last time. To his shock, the green light bounced off the child as if a hand had swatted it away, and flew straight back at him. He felt a burning pain, as if a hot poker had burned him through the chest, then felt no more. The man from the shadows fell to the floor, dead. Minutes later, when the two men showed up at the cottage, there was nothing left of the room, except a crying baby and a huge hole in the wall in the side of the house. They were too late to save the parents, but needed to get the child out of there before the muggles showed up. October 31, 1986, 11p.m., Godric's Hollow Sirius blinked into existence on his friend, James Potter's, front lawn. Or at least, what used to be the front lawn. He looked around, and saw his other friend, Severus Snape, appear out of nowhere. "Did you get the message, too?" Severus asked. "Yes, I did." Sirius replied. "But, it looks like we're too late, though." Severus nodded at Sirius. "You go find and take the boy from here. I'll set the spells and hide this mess from the muggles until the ministry can get here to investigate." "Alright" Sirius said, then moved toward the house to search the wreckage for the crying baby. As soon as he found the baby and a soft blanket, he disappeared with them, heading for the meeting place with Hagrid, while Severus started the spells. November 1, 1986, 4 Privet Drive, Little Whinging, 5:30 am For the inhabitants of 4 Privet Drive, November first was like all others. The alarm chimed at the usual time, Vernon Dursley got up, kissed his wife, Petunia, took his shower, got dressed in his usual boring suit, then sat down for his usual breakfast of eggs, toast, bacon and coffee. While Vernon was taking his shower, Petunia got up, put on her usual plain pants and flowered blouse, got their son up and dressed, put him in his high chair, put out the milk bottles, grabbed the newspaper off the stoop, then started breakfast. Mr. Vernon Dursley was a big, beefy man, who was almost as wide as he was tall. He also had a big mustache that he took pride in the grooming of. He was a director at a firm called Grunnings, and prided in the fact that his section was at the top of the sales charts for the firm. Mrs. Petunia Dursley was tall and thin, and had a neck that was long enough to look over the back fence at their neighbors back yard so that she would later call her friends to gossip about what the "crazy cat lady" was doing now. Their son, Dudley, was a little boy, who more resembled a big pink beach ball with thick blonde hair than the toddler that he was. They prided themselves on being very normal, thank you very much, and had absolutely nothing abnormal happen in their perfectly normal lives. There was one bad mark in their lives which they shuddered to think of anyone finding about. That one thing was Petunia's abnormal sister, and her equally abnormal husband. Because they had not heard from, or seen them for several years, the Dursley did not even think of "those crazy Potters" when they could help it. After breakfast, Vernon skimmed the weather report in the newspaper while finishing his second cup of coffee, got up from the table, folding the paper and setting it down, kissed his wife and son, who was squirming all over the place while screaming and throwing food at the walls, and grabbing his briefcase, walked out the door to go to work. He started his car, pulled out, then started driving to work. It was when he got to the corner that he saw something unusual. There sitting on the corner, looking down the street, was a black and grey tabby cat that he had not seen before. "Bloody neighbor needs to start putting her cats in at night." he said, then he turned the corner and left Privet Drive behind for the day, and drove the work. After a perfectly normal day at work, which included yelling at a few workers, shouting abuses over the phone, and then just for kicks, yelling at his workers some more, Vernon got up from his desk, walked out the door, got into his car and drove home. When he got to his home, he noticed that the same black and grey tabby was sitting on his garden wall. "Shoo!" he said, and could have sworn that the cat sat up stiffly and narrowed its eyes at him, then proceeded to clean its face, ignoring him. "Bloody neighbor really needs to take that cat to task and keep it on her property!" Vernon grumbled as he walked in the door. He shook it off, kissed his wife hello, then sat down to eat his dinner. Later, after Dudley was put to bed, the Dursleys sat down to watch the news. It was the usual stuff at first, (The Prime Minister got caught with his pants down, literally; Surrey's football team had lost spectacularly, again; The money market was doing good, as usual; You know, the normal stuff you hear on the news.) This was when the anchor broke in, and said "This bit of new just came in: Owls have been spotted all over London today! It appears as if flocks of them were flying all over the place! Reports have also come from Kent, Yorkshire, Surrey and Cornwall about this unusual behavior! Let's just hope that this doesn't become an epidemic!" Then the anchor straightened up the papers on his desk, and said "Now let's see what we can expect for tomorrow's weather. So, Ken, have there been any downpours of owls today?" Ken chuckled, "No, no owls to report, Tom, but I got a few complaints in Kent that instead of the rain that I predicted for today, they had showers of shooting stars! Sorry folks, nothing I can do about it, I don't control the weather, I just report it! As for tomorrow, you will be getting the rain that I promised you!" The weatherman then went on to do his usual weather report, so Vernon turned the television off, and turned to his wife. "So, Petunia, Have you heard from your sister lately?" Petunia pursed her lips, blowing on her tea, and answered, "No, I haven't. Why would you ask me about her? " " Oh, nothing, I guess...It's just that...you know...umm…" Vernon cleared his throat at this point. "Well those last reports seemed as if they would, perhaps, been caused by her lot, you know?" Petunia just narrowed her eyes at him, then shrugged her shoulders. "As long as I don't hear from Lily, I just prefer to not think about her and her lot at all. After all, they have nothing to do with us." Vernon just agreed with her, got up, and got ready for bed. As he was getting