Right, my first LOTR fanfic...I've noticed when reading LOTR fic the standard of writing as a rule tends to be much higher than that of other fandoms..fingers crossed i've not spoiled this :S XD Please read the time notes at the top carefully...Although the exact time period is not really important..it will tell you whether it's present, past, or even further past :P Also for ease of calculating it all time is based on the 'present' being just after the end of ROTK, i'm not sure what year this was or anything and as i said the exact time is irrelevant..only their relation to each other. The switching between referring to Aragorn as 'Aragorn' and 'Estel' is deliberate. The intention is to use it to indicate when he is a 'man' (Aragorn) and when he is an 'elf' (Estel) I really do feel these are different people in a sense, with different cares/responsibilities and attitudes. Plus some of this story takes place back when Aragorn /was/ Estel. I've proberly taken stupidly large liberties with things as far as Estel's childhood goes...sorry...:) All lyrics are mine :) 1. Present time, Minas Tirith shortly after ROTK. He could hear the soft voice filter through the trees, ghostly and almost inaudible. Yet to him it were as if no other sound existed. His eyes searched frantically for the source but the elf was well hidden amongst the leaves. A soft hand touched his shoulder and he turned to find his soon to be wife standing alongside, … our time is gone and the end draws near And I may wish for ever more, for just once more You were never mine and I were never yours My heart grows cold yet burns with warmth To see you grow, stand tall and proud And as I watch, the fates take hold and guide you fo'ward We'll learn to smile and be free and bright… The lament continued even as Arwen turned to Aragorn and gently held his face, "I have never heard such a sorrowful sound" he said, his eyes dark as the elf-song ran through him "Our music reflects our hearts; we cannot sing joyfully if our heart weeps" Arwen smiled softly at him "he needs you" "I cannot" the words were torn from his mouth as he Aragorn looked way, she wrapped her arms around him "I know where your heart lies; I can see it plain as day written in your face and in your fate" He stiffened momentarily "My heart lies with you" he said She smiled "I long for those words to be the truth, but your heart has been his since the moment you met" Aragorn turned fully, his hand joining with hers, she looked away, "I've watched you struggle with your desires for nearly a century it is time I stopped being selfish" "My Lady Arwen could never be selfish" he murmured "I wanted you for myself, a childish obstinacy, I believed there was but one path set out for me. It is only now, when it feels too late, that I realise visions of the future are cloudy and inconsistent" she stepped back, "I watched from afar as you remained faithful to me though your heart cried out for another, I know now it was not my place to stand in the way, I release you from any tie to me. Go to him, before he leaves" Aragorn hesitated and stepped closer to her "Arwen…" he sighed "how did it come to this?" his arms wrapped around her comforting the Evanstar as tears escaped her. 2. 73 years previous to ROTK, Rivendell Estel watched with barely concealed curiosity and fasciation as the delegation from Mirkwood arrived. He was used to elves of course, having spent his years growing up alongside Elrond and his family. But he had heard whispers and rumours of the incomparable beauty and light of the Prince of Mirkwood, his father had expressly forbidden him to cause a nuisance and interrupt the meeting. So Estel has scaled the nearby trees and was laying chest down on a thick branch watching the incoming elves for signs of the Prince. "Did your father never teach you it's not polite to snoop, human?" a soft voice sounded by his ear and Estel could feel warm breath against his neck. It took all of his skills from playing with Elladan and Elrohir to remain still and not cry out. He replied in Elvish, "Did yours never teach you it's rude to sneak?" There was a pause and he felt the Elf move back "On the contrary, it is an inherent part of Elvish childhood to learn to sneak" the reply was swift, the words, soft and melodic, would have been too fast for anyone but those raised amongst Elves to follow. Estel smirked and turned to face his captor "Then you have answered your own question" he replied equally swiftly. The Elf considered this for a moment before laughing and clapping Estel on the shoulder "You must be Elrond's fosterling" Estel frowned at the familiar way he used the Elf-Lords name, but did not question it "and you are?" he demanded standing on the branch to get as close to eye-to-eye as he could, his bare feet gripping the bark. The figure was cloaked, but pure blonde almost white hair escaped the edges and Estel could see pale silver eyes flash inside the depths. "Legolas" and the Elf was gone as swiftly as he had appeared. Estel searched the forests for hours before frantic calls from his brothers drew him back inside, sulking and dirty he dragged his feet back into the house ignoring the scandalised looks of the Mirkwood elves as he trudged through the halls and into the waiting bathroom. He sat by the window, the steam from the hot water collecting on his skin as dark eyes peered into the woodland surrounding the house. He sighed as he pulled on the clean clothes left for him, he couldn't work out why he yearned to meet Legolas again, their brief encounter had been nothing special, and certainly nothing pleasant. Yet Estel stared out his window as if willing the Elf to appear. His ears pricked as he heard a soft voice float across the wind, … remember young one, we are but two halves of one whole. The stars dance around in darkened skies and show us what we seek. For those with Gifted eyes can see; their future destiny. Estel scurried across the rooftops following the sound of the voice, he was certain beyond a doubt it belonged to Legolas; he would remember that soft sound anywhere. He crept close still as he caught sight of hair swinging in the breeze, the thick cloak discarded in favour of the chilly wind brushing against pale skin. Estel's breath caught in his chest and the figure turned, his chest clenched and his heart sank, "Forgive me my Lady" he bowed deeply to Lady Arwen "I believed you to be someone else" She looked at him, her eyes seeming to look beyond his skin "you seek Legolas" she said Estel made no move or sound to deny this, in truth he was a little scared of Elrond's daughter, said to be the most beautiful in all the lands. He certainly believed that claim, but her ability to see through whatever story he concocted unsettled him. "Yes, he was most rude earlier and I wish to inform him" Arwen laughed lightly and ran a hand through his still damp hair, "I shall take your message to him, return now, before my father discovers you missing" Estel did not miss the hint of a threat; if he did not leave there was no doubt Arwen herself would tell Elrond of his escape. Turning he fled silently back to room. Sighing Arwen turned back to watching the sky, it seemed to her Men grew so fast and yet so slowly, she had known from the moment of Estels arrival in Rivendell that he was the other half of her whole, and yet she had waited for what seemed like forever for him to grow and mature. And now it seemed his heart had fallen captive by another. She searched the stars for the answers they usually gave and turned away in frustration as they remained unhelpfully silent. Gathering her cloak she moved toward their guests rooms, perhaps a word with Legolas would stop this before it got out of hand. A voice stopped her. "You love him" the owner was nowhere to be found, but Arwen did not need to see to know who had been watching "I will love him" she corrected "he is still a child, even in the eyes of man, and you and I both know he is no ordinary man. He searches for you" "I know, I think I offended him" the voice was laced with humour Arwen hesitated for a moment before deciding "Yes, I heard. He asked me to inform you how rude you were" she felt the guilt at lying to an old friend crawl inside her and pushed it aside, Legolas did not need to know what she had seen in Estel's eyes Legolas dropped from the branches landing lightly in front of her his eyes piercing hers. Legolas had always been able to see right through her, "you are hiding something from me" he stated She looked away and he sighed "Whatever it is I'm sure it is dear to you, I shall not pry. You shall not see me again for several years, perhaps by then you will be more willing to share" the blonde Elf leapt lightly back into the trees leaving Arwen alone. True to his word the delegation left two days later, Legolas having not been seen by either herself or Estel. It would seem like a lifetime to Estel before Legolas returned, in fact barely six years had gone by when bored and tired ears, easily distracted from the lessons of Elrond heard the soft tones of a voice he had begun to think existed only in his dreams. … we ride towards a red dawn A brilliant, colourful sky of morn… 3. 57 years previous to ROTK, somewhere in Mirkwood Aragorn lay flat on his back, blood pouring from several wounds. The sounds of chaos around him had faded to almost nothing and his eyes blurred with sweat and dirt as bodies fell beside him, a single solitary voice stood out carried across the wind, … we ride towards a red dawn A brilliant, colourful sky of the morn Forget the path we have walked, forget the place we have been A march to'ard a new house, a new fate, of things yet to be seen… Aragorn laughed weakly, the motion hurting his ribs as a new ebb of energy shot through him and he hauled himself to his feet, striking out against several Orc, "Legolas! Mellon-nin" he called searching for the Elf he knew was near, spying him through several other bodies he called out again "now is hardly the time for song" Legolas merely turned and grinned as his sword ran through another swiftly "I fear you are losing your mind, my friend, I am far too busy to sing. It seems however you found time for a nap" Aragorn gestured rudely towards him and turned back to the fight with a renewed vigour. The remark puzzled him though. Later as he walked among the sleeping inhabitants of the camp he sought out the Elf and dragged him aside into a small storage tent. Legolas stared at him in silence for several moments before growing impatient, "Aragorn, we have better things to be doing than standing in dark, damp cupboards" "I hear your voice" he blurted, regretting the clumsy words almost immediately Legolas raised one eyebrow, "I should hope so, else my shouting at you stand up would have been for naught"