Disclaimer: Tolkien and co own it all. A Journey Begins Seventh Story in Legend, Lore, and Lullabies. Chapter One: With A Single Step It is good to have an end to journey towards; but it is the journey that matters in the end . -Ursula K. LeGuin TA 2940, Minas Tirith, Gondor The party from Imladris had been in Gondor for barely a month and the four elves had already found themselves desiring a trip home. It was not so much the ever oppressive air surrounding the city, or the tangible fear of the people, or the suspicious looks around every corner. It was not the way Baineth and Morwen were so easily dismissed because they were female or how Thandrog and Elrohir were dismissed because they were too young (a statement which Thandrog had felt the need to address stating loudly and clearly just how many years, collectively, the party had spent on Arda) nor was it the fear of attack from the sea or the heavy setting cuisine. No, it was more the simple and honest fact that none of the four elves had any idea why they had been called here. For whatever reason it was, it was not to openly seek out the advice of Imladris. The only thing Morwen had been allowed to advise on was the selection of robe colors for Thandrog. The group currently sat gathered, in all their brooding glory, at one of the more respectable taverns of the city and one of the rare few who did not mind the elven newcomers. The patrons and the workers were always polite in their questions to the elves and often loved to hear them singing or to hear their tales. One nice tavern, however, did not a welcoming city make and left the elves contemplating their current state. Elrohir sat beside Baineth, his hair unbound and enjoying the wind that blew through it. He had spent a good portion of the day running up and down the city, waiting at gates and usually climbing over or through them in his impatience for the gatekeepers to open the locks. Rather than proving he was as surly as he currently appeared, Elrohir had chosen to spend the evening in silent contemplation. Baineth sat beside him, tugging on the sleeves of her dress, used to having her arms bare in uniform. Bare female arms, however, was frowned upon here and Baineth found herself still adjusting to the limited movement the sleeves placed on her. Morwen was equally uncomfortable in the heavy robes used to mark her position while in Minas Tirith. The fabric was far from light and much more ornate than anything Morwen would bother to wear and while it had been designed for males, that was not so much the problem as it had been designed for human males of Minas Tirith who were generally shorter in stature than female elves. None was as uncomfortable as Thandrog, currently in robes, something he had never worn, who had to appear as Morwen's assistant and not the warrior he truly was. Thandrog was still amazed how a simple outfit and hairstyle change could make the people of Gondor believe he was a different elf. A different elf they still did not desire to speak with. "I do not know why they dislike me so very much." Thandrog complained as he tried to adjust the robes around his legs. Elrohir raised his head from the table and smiled, "Yes, well, saying upon arrival into the city 'I think I should be more impressed' does not often endear one to the natives." "Though it makes us laugh every time we think about it." Baineth said. Thandrog sat back in the chair, scratching at the unfamiliar robes he wore, "It was an honest assessment." "They have imminent attacks on all sides, Thandrog, you cannot expect them to be so concerned with the mere upkeep of a city." Morwen insisted looking down from one of the upper-levels of Minas Tirith, though even she had to admit the city could do with some cleaning. Or some oil for the hinges of the gates, eight levels and all made horrible sounds when the gates were pulled back. "Tirnion got out while he still could." Thandrog said, remembering their friend who had accompanied them to Gondor's borders before turning back and heading to his own realm. "He knew better than to deal with these far from talkative folk." he said. Baineth ran a hand over her face and yawned, bored in this realm that let her do little, "Thandrog, I have the oddest feeling that even if you were not known for your careless comment they still would not speak with you. They all seem to dislike our presence." "Dislike may not be the best word, suspicious, suspicious works best. We are unknown, we are beings of legend, we are not the normal guests of this city." Elrohir said as he took a long sip from his glass. The others nodded at Elrohir's words. Baineth pulled out a deck of cards from her dress, the only thing she enjoyed about the clothing was the secret compartments Thandrog had sewn within the long sleeves. Elrohir leaned across her to cut the deck and so began yet another game between the group, the only thing they could find to pass the time until they were approached for the council meeting. Here they still used messengers to signal the start of a meeting rather than the bells used in Imladris or the Havens. Thandrog shuffled through the cards in his hand and asked Elrohir, "Have you sent out the package to Imladris yet?" Elrohir put two cards down onto the table before pulling two new ones from the deck. He glanced up at Thandrog, "I sent it out three days ago, you would have known had you bother to help me with delivering all the messages." Thandrog laughed, "Oh, is someone tired?" he taunted before letting out a yelp as Morwen slapped the side of his head. "Thandrog, be respectful at the very least. You could be the one running around the city." Morwen chastised him. Pulling on the high neck of his robes Thandrog sighed, "I would rather do such a thing if it meant I could breathe easier." "Ah, but your dainty feet would be tired from all the running and climbing and we know how much you dislike calluses on your feet." Baineth said with a smirk. Morwen shook her head, "Stop taunting each other, as amusing as it us, I do believe those listening in our conversation will not understand our friendly sarcasm. We must not confuse them and give them more reason for gossip." "Oh, but the rumors are indeed so humorous." Thandrog said. "Did you know, you and Elrohir have three love children and are here because you are hiding from your true spouses?" Elrohir smiled across the table at Morwen, "Such a seductive temptress you are, dragging me to this city only to cast me off for Thandrog." Elrohir said as he addressed some of the more colorful rumors swirling around them. Morwen looked down at her cards, "That is most peculiar, since I heard I had sucked the soul out of both of you and was sharing my power with Baineth so that we could take control of the city." The other occupants at the table laughed and the musical sound of their joy made many of the inhabitants stop in their daily tasks as they took in the incredible sight and sound of four joyful elves. Imladris, Winter, TA 2940 Glorfindel leaned back against one of the massive oak trees as he instructed Estel on his swordplay. Thalion, visiting from the Havens, perched on his knees as he blocked Estel's blows. It was heartwarming for Glorfindel, to see his former student with his new one, to see the very lessons Glorfindel had taught to Thalion passed down to Estel. Thalion's youngest daughter was currently in residence as well, following everyone of Eluialeth's footsteps in her hero-worship of both Eluialeth and Morwen. Erestor was even more amused, seeing the lessons he had taught Morwen who had taught Eluialeth being taught to the young Celairaer. It was always fun to see the generations go by. Glorfindel ordered Estel to do a spinning move as Thalion suggested Estel not drop his arm in order to protect his shoulder. All was going nice and calmly until a package was literally dropped into Glorfindel's lap from a passing bird. Thalion stood up quickly as he easily blocked the blow from Estel's sword, having faced much more formidable foes in his time. "Glorfindel, are you well?" Thalion asked. Glorfindel nodded as he painfully shifted in his spot by the tree. He stared at the offending package as he took a deep breath and controlled the pain. His eyes briefly took in the package, noticing the seal of Morwen on it. Glorfindel shook his head, she would do something so cruel to him. "Who is it from?" Thalion asked as he began to instruct Estel again. "The merry group of mischief makers in Minas Tirith." Glorfindel answered as he pulled a knife from his belt and began to cut the twine around the box. Estel had stopped in his lessons to repeat Glorfindel's sentence a few times before shrugging and getting back to his lessons. Thalion was not quite Tirnion, and was certainly not as entertaining as the twins, but he was kind and patient. He, unlike some of the other elves among Glorfindel's ranks, did not make Estel feel ashamed when he made mistakes. Estel looked up as he felt Thalion tap him on the head. Thalion cupped his face with a warm palm, "Let us take a break for a moment, I know I could do with a drink and some food." Estel nodded as he felt his own stomach grumble, "I would not turn down a snack." Thalion laughed, "Neither would I." He reached out a hand, "Give me your practice sword and I will go secure them both." Estel did as Thalion said, and waited for his next set of instructions. Thalion laughed at his eager face, remembering his own sons looking at him in such a way, "Go inside, Estel, I will soon follow." Thalion sat down beside Glorfindel, "He shows much promise." "Yes," Glorfindel answered as he pulled out the bundle of letters and small packages. "I am glad you noticed the beginnings of fatigue in him. He would keep going on past his own limits." Thalion nodded as he took in the contents of the box, "He is very eager to learn." Picking at the stack of letters, "I thought you said they had been gone only a few months." Glorfindel nodded, "Alas, Morwen and Elrohir are both prolific writers." He opened the first letter. "And this time it would be Elrohir who is the very prolific writer." Glorfindel looked down at the letter, rendered in Elrohir's exquisite handwriting and began to search for an explanation for all the letters. My Dearest Glorfindel, As you know, we have been sent out into the wilderness of a wholly other kind than that which I am used to in order to attend to the matters of idiotic humans. Oh, excuse me, that was far from polite or diplomatic but I fear both of those particular virtues have been beaten out of me by the mountains of suspicion we are being forced to climb. As you may have been able to surmise, we have not been openly welcomed into Gondor. Tell Erestor they see the sending of a female councilor as an insult. Also inform him that Morwen is starting to see it as an insult to be sent here. Why I know it is not your fault, someone needed to sympathize with our pain, hence the dropping box from above. I am certain you will be healed long before