Disclaimer: I only own the original characters. Everything else is Tolkien's and co. Frost on Glass Chapter One: Break the Surface Memory is the treasury and guardian of all things. - Cicero , De Oratore (I, 5) Imladris, TA 2764 Tirnion took in a chest full of deep wintry breath as he rode into Imladris. He had just seen Lady Laeriel and Tholinnas off to the Havens, Thranduil having finally ordered their departure from Arda. Tirnion was tired, hungry, and, thanks to the snow, a little wet. There was nothing he needed more than a nice, warm, dry night in Imladris. Even if he was arriving unannounced on the day of the Mid-Winter festival, he had long ago been told with sincerity there would always be a bed for him in this house. Even if, as Glorfindel had suggested at the time, it was a bale of hay in the stables. He would, at the very least, be warm and dry. As he rode up past the guardians at the gate, giving them a nod in greeting, he remembered the first time he had spent a Mid-Winter in Imladris, undoubtedly his most interesting winter festival yet. Imladris, Mid-Winter, TA 490 Tirnion was not one usually impressed by finery, he supposed it had something to do with living and working in close contact with King Thranduil and very few had finer things than him. Imladris wasn't so much dripping in wealth as it was…mystical. That was the only word Tirnion could think of as he looked out on the snow covered valley. The moonlight made the valley shine more than any veneer of material wealth and riches could. Tirnion looked back to the servants preparing the feast table. This was another thing that separated Imladris from any other realm he had been to, human or elven, here all the tables were on the same level.. While the supposed high table was where Lord Elrond and his family sat, it was not raised above the others. Tirnion jumped as a voice interrupted his musings. "It is because he does not like to stand on hierarchal ceremony during such holidays." He turned to find Lord Glorfindel standing behind him, obviously having watched him as he watched the servants. "I found it curious myself when I had first returned to Arda, finding a great lord eating on the same level with his lessers." Glorfindel laughed, "I had never seen such a thing before. He has always been a little different, though considering his life, one cannot blame him." "I would not blame him even if I did not know his life. He is a good and wise ruler, and this," Tirnion gestured toward the tables, "merely shows how much he respects his people." "Indeed." Glorfindel said as he watched the chairs brought out and the candles lit. Tirnion studied him, this great elf so revered in legends and song. This elf known as one of the best warriors Arda had the lucky fortune to see again after his death. Tirnion had always respected Glorfindel for how he treated his warriors. He could be both harsh and loving with them, he trained them to defend and to survive. But he also ingrained in them the knowledge that even the best could, and often would, lose. That victories were few and even those you won were drenched in the bittersweet. He was wise and knowledgeable, charming and full of self-respect. Tirnion only wondered how he could be such a fool in the matter of his own heart. "Have you made a decision yet?" Tirnion asked him, not even bothering to hide the slight contempt in his tone. Glorfindel glanced at him through narrowed eyes, "You have a way with words, did you know that?" Tirnion smirked, "My mother and sister have taught me well." Glorfindel nodded, "And what if I told you I was still bringing Tharien to the festival." "I would think you even greater a fool than I imagined." Tirnion spoke with open honesty. Glorfindel gave Tirnion an evil smile and made a tsking sound, "Oh, now, now, Tirnion you are hasty and have jumped to a conclusion. That is bad form in a commander. You must learn to gather all the information first before you make such a statement." Tirnion narrowed his eyes at Glorfindel, "Indeed." Glorfindel laughed and shook his head, he walked by Tirnion giving him a condescending little pat on the skull, "You will learn this lesson, I am glad to say. Now, if you must excuse me, I have yet another decision to make." Tirnion watched Glorfindel walk off, not knowing whether he felt more disgust or admiration for the Elda. Glorfindel had been correct about one thing, it was a lesson Tirnion had learned. TA 2764 Tirnion patted his horse down one last time as he started to leave the guest stables. He gave a nod to the stable master and made his way towards the back entrance of the house. He glanced at the mighty pine tree ahead and only saw the light rope waiting in wait for him because of a breeze sent through the branches. "If you two are planning on hunting wood elves, I suggest you do not go after one from Mirkwood. We've been known to react very violently when cornered." Elladan silently dropped down from the tree, "Well, you were almost correct, there are three of us and we were trying to show the younger one how to catch a wood elf." Elrohir worked his way down from the tree as well, carefully helping a young boy at his side. The boy could not have been a day over seven. Tirnion gave him a warm smile, "Well, hello, who might you be?" Tirnion asked as he spied the rounded ears and the slight elven grace, obviously this was a child of the Dunedain. The boy seemed torn between clutching to Elrohir's side and wanting to appear brave. Elrohir decided to intervene, "Tirnion, seneschal of Mirkwood, I would like you to meet Argonui of the Dunedain. He has just come to stay with us." Argonui nodded and held out a hand in greeting, "Pleased to meet you." Tirnion smiled, "You as well. Do you like Imladris so far?" Argonui smiled, "Yes, Elladan and Elrohir have taught me lots." Tirnion laughed, "I am sure they have and at the cost of Erestor's nerves no doubt." Elladan snorted, "Obviously he has been far speaking with you, again." Tirnion shook his head, "Hardly, I just know you two that well. Why are you not ready for the feast and festival?" Elrohir laughed, "We are waiting on Thalion and his children to show. Most are in the Hall of Fire right now, but we were all getting so bored we decided to lay in wait until you arrived. Alas, you proved far too wise for us to capture you." "This time." Elladan warned, Argonui laughing at the words. The elves and the little Dunedain started to walk inside, all enjoying the calm before the chaos of the festival. As they passed the main dancing hall Tirnion peaked inside at the familiar room, only minstrels currently in residence tuning their instruments and practicing their songs. In mere hours it would be full of elves and humans and whatever other guests were present. While now one could easily walk across the room, soon the crown would spill out into the hallways. TA 490 Tirnion stood against the wall, a smile on his face as he watched Elladan attempt to dance with Rian, trying not to step on her toes and not noticing the pace of the dance had changed. "You should go do the honorable thing and rescue her." Lady Laeriel said. "I fear Elladan would not like that very much." Tirnion protested, remembering the elder twin's glares after Tirnion had dared to speak with Morwen. "I could ask Legolas to do it." Lady Laeriel offered. "That would start a war, I am afraid." Glorfindel said from his seat next to her. "You obviously forgot the glares sent in Legolas's direction the last time he spoke with a lady one of the twins was infatuated with." "Ah, yes, that was a memorable Mid-Winter." Laeriel said. "What every happened to her?" "She is still being chased by half the archers in Imladris." Glorfindel answered. Laeriel laughed, "Oh, to be young again." Glorfindel scoffed at her, "Do you complain? You are married to a king." "I am not married to a king. I am married to a warrior who, on occasion, becomes a king." Laeriel protested. "Considering you first thought of him as nothing but another warrior's son, your fortune did turn out great." Glorfindel murmured. An evil smile appeared on Laeriel's face, "Speaking of fortunes, I noticed the chain around Morwen's neck, it is new." "Yes. A lovely gift, is it not?" Glorfindel asked as his eyes briefly rested on a laughing Morwen being lead in a dance by Elrohir. "But of course, since the weave of the chain means…" Laeriel started. Tirnion had to hold in her very inappropriate laughter as Glorfindel shoved a piece of bread into Laeriel mouth to impede her speech. "Have you tasted the sweet bread, cousin?" Glorfindel asked, "It is one of our specialties." Laeriel, doing her best not to choke, gave Glorfindel a decidedly dark look. Thranduil came over to them having finished a dance with a tired Faeleth, "Glorfindel, you have managed to render my wife speechless, quite a task." Laeriel swallowed and took a very slow sip from her glass, "I would not upset my mate if I were you, Thranduil." Thranduil, looking like a lovesick young elf rather than a king, pressed a soft kiss to Laeriel's lips. "Of course." The King took his daughter's former seat, next to his wife. He took her hands in his own, "Glorfindel, do you not have quite a few she-elves to dance with?" he asked. "I am here merely to make sure Tirnion does not die from boredom. He is doing a marvelous job imitating a stature." Thranduil looked at Tirnion, "Yes, he is. Tirnion, why do you not go dance?" "I am perfectly fine." Tirnion answered, truly amused by watching his King and Lady act so carefree. Thranduil smiled at him, "Tirnion, go, and save Rian or tell Elrohir to go save Rian." Glorfindel nodded, "Yes, Morwen is quite used to having her feet stomped on by Elladan. It would be better to save Rian at the sacrifice of Morwen's feet." Tirnion laughed quietly and pushed off the wall, "Whatever my King and his Lady bid." he said as he made his way through the crowded dance hall. He walked over to Morwen first, Elrohir looked at him giving a nod of understanding and proceeded to push Morwen into his arms, Tirnion's reflexes the only thing saving them both from an accident. She smiled, "Well, consider yourself honored, you've just had a member of the family thrown at you." "Honored?" Tirnion asked. "It is a tradition." Morwen explained. Tirnion laughed in disbelief, "You are an odd group and I have been told your feet are a worthy sacrifice for Rian's sanity." "Ah, Elladan. Well, let us go over to them…" Morwen stopped as Elladan was thrown into her. "See, Tirnion, tradition." She smiled and took Elladan's arm. Elladan gave Tirnion a smile and said, "Please, make sure Rian has a nice night. I figure it's the least I can do for her now." "But Morwen's night can end with her sore feet?" Tirnion asked. "I doubt even sore feet will put a damper on Morwen's night." Elladan murmured as he dodged Morwen's elbow. Tirnion shook his head and turned to Rian, "Well, would you honor me with this dance?" Rian gave him a sweet smile, "Of course I will. I remember our few dances in Greenwood the Great. Have you enjoyed the night?" "I have been quite entertained. Imladris is quite a…."