Disclaimer: I only own the oc's everything else is Tolkien's and co. Arcana Chapter One: Strength With the gift of listening comes the gift of healing. -Catherine de Hueck People talking without speaking, People hearing without listening, People writing songs that voices never share, and no one dare disturb the Sounds of Silence. -Simon and Garfunkel, Sounds of Silence Mirkwood, TA 2790 Tirnion walked into Mirkwood's library, a small skip in his walk. There had been two months without a death among the ranks and the patrol rotations had been brought down. Tirnion was on a week's rest for the first time in decades and he was reveling in it by finding a novel to read in order to relax. He walked over to the shelf holding literature and scanned it for a possible prospect. "Hello, Tirnion." Tirnion crashed into the shelf at the voice. He turned around and looked at his guest, eyes wide and heart racing. "Morwen, What are you doing here?" Morwen continued looking through one of the research tomes as she jotted down notes on a tablet, "Oh, I was sent out to try and offer the dwarves aid in their coming battle. They turned it down, which is understandable because there are places dwarves can go and elves cannot and they are fighting inside a mountain." Tirnion nodded as his heart resumed its normal pace, "But why are you in Mirkwood?" "The twins wanted to visit Rian." Morwen explained. Tirnion nodded, understanding it had been twenty years since Elladan had seen Rian, yet another delay in their close to reconciled relationship. Still, it did not explain why Morwen, and in all honesty, Elrohir were currently in residence. "Does Glorfindel know you are here?" Tirnion asked. Morwen glanced up at him and slowly swallowed. She turned her eyes to the window, "Oh, look, what a lovely bird." "Morwen….." Morwen sighed, "Glorfindel knows we are in this part of Middle Earth." "But in Mirkwood?" Tirnion asked. "He does not have to know everything, honestly. Even Lord Elrond does not know every little thing that goes on in Imladris." Morwen said. Tirnion put his head in his hands, "Oh, Eru. Glorfindel is going to kill us all." "He will not if he does not know." Morwen said. "So, you are lying to him." Tirnion said. Morwen stood up as she tried to defend herself, "I am…doing no such thing. I am…..withholding information for the greater good of all. Elrond even told us if we were to venture into Mirkwood to find a way not to inform Glorfindel. You know how he can get." Tirnion nodded, "Yes, and I find it justified." "It is, but honestly Tirnion, if Mandos so desires to take us all tomorrow there is nothing Glorfindel's will or paranoia can do to change that." "He is quite powerful when it…" Tirnion started. "Whose side are you on?" Morwen asked. Tirnion gave her a shocked look, "Neither, none, I am no-sided. I am, however, required to even the battle field by informing Glorfindel." "Tirnion…" Morwen started. Tirnion shook his head, "I have to, Morwen, from one seneschal to another, I have to let him know. The twins may be willing to gamble with your safety and Glorfindel's sense, but I am not. What if he needed to contact you?" "Elrond and Erestor both know where we are." Morwen said. "And they have seen fit to withhold this information from Glorfindel?" Tirnion asked. Morwen nodded, "He has been having horrible nightmares lately and Elrond did not want him to become even more distressed and Erestor, well, would you want an enraged Glorfindel on your hands?" Tirnion smiled, "You really are doing this for the sake of all." Morwen nodded, "Sometimes silence is needed." "If any of you are harmed on the journey back, he will never forgive himself." Tirnion said as he walked over to Morwen, pulling her down to sit on the bench. "It is not his fault or his choice." Morwen said. "We both know he has little sense when it comes to his family." Tirnion murmured as he glanced over the notes Morwen was taking. "Yes, that does seem to be a common trait among males in the house. Elladan and Elrohir….what is it?" Morwen asked as Tirnion started shuffling through her notes. "The dwarves really are going to war?" Tirnion asked. "You would know better than I and despite the prejudices of many a wood elf, you have more sources on dwarves than we do at Imladris. That is why Elrond urged us to come here if we had the time and it was not dangerous." Tirnion snorted. "More dangerous than usual. Despite them turning away our help, Elrond still wishes to offer them aid through suggestions. They are attempting to take on an unknown number of orcs." Morwen said. Tirnion nodded, "And if they do so, there is a possibility some of the orcs will come running into Mirkwood. Well, I am sure some of our more lovely creatures will handle that." "Oh, I would rather not know." Morwen shuddered. She smiled, "The dwarves are calling for a gathering, dwarves from all over Arda.." Tirnion laughed, "Oh, Thranduil will be so overjoyed. All those dwarves so close to his realm." Tirnion gathered Morwen's notes, "Let me call a scribe and get these copied, I want these, very detailed might I say, notes for reference." Morwen nodded, "I've had a lot of time, Rian is the councilor here, I am merely a wandering scholar." "Who made Bellion hide in his quarters for over four hours." King Thranduil said from the doorway. Morwen and Tirnion stood up quickly in respect. Thranduil waved them off as he came to sit beside them, "I wear no crown at the moment and am merely an elder elf speaking to a young warrior and an even younger visitor from Imladris." "Visiting scholar." Tirnion said. "Of the wandering kind, I have heard." Thranduil smiled as he looked over the notes. "Tirnion, order a scribe to copy these. That is, if Morwen is willing." "It is your information, merely my interpretation." Morwen said. "A very good one." Thranduil said. "Are you enjoying your stay here?" "Of course, even if certain members are trying to make me feel guilty." Morwen said as she narrowed her eyes at Tirnion. "If I was in Glorfindel's position I would like to know." Tirnion said. "Glorfindel needs to learn that there has to be freedom in love, a stifled person can react badly." Thranduil laughed, "And sometimes you must simply have faith, because there comes a time when you cannot know where your loved ones are you. You can only have faith and must believe they are safe." Thranduil was quite surprised as he felt Morwen's arms around him. She backed off, as if suddenly realizing what she had done. "I am sorry, I have just…you needed it." she said. Tirnion smiled as Thranduil let out a long and genuine laugh, rarely heard now that Laeriel and Tholinnas had sailed. Mirkwood, TA 2790 The sun beat down on the elves gathered in the woods below. Morwen and Rian were sitting under one of the massive trees watching the unofficial archery competition taking place between a select few from Mirkwood and the twins. Morwen was tossing an apple back and forth as Rian peeled an orange, both catching up with each other and local gossip. "Apparently Legolas likes talking to Smaug." Rian said. Morwen stopped mid-chew and stared at Rian, "The dragon?" Rian nodded with a smile on her face. Morwen shook her head and sighed, "Just watch, that one will befriend a dwarf one day." "Oh like any wood elf would do such a thing." Rian muttered. "He talks to a dragon." Morwen said. "It is an interesting dragon." Rian tried to defend the young prince. "It is a dragon." Morwen repeated. Rian laughed, "Yes, it is." A cheer went up from the crowd as Legolas won yet another round. The twins congratulated him as they gracefully bowed to the winner. "He is a very good archer." Morwen said. "One of the best and with training he will only get better." Tirnion said as he dropped down beside the two stealing a piece of Rian's orange. "Why are you not out there?" Rian asked. Tirnion smiled, "I can only take being bested by Legolas so many times." The group laughed as they watched the targets moved farther away for the next round. "Does he really talk to dragons?' Morwen asked Tirnion. Tirnion gave Rian a mock censured look, "Rian, Rian, gossiping elf." "I was simply sharing news with my friend." Rian said. "I will forgive you this once, since she leaves you next week." Tirnion said. Rian sat up, "You are leaving?" Morwen smiled, "Yes, I am leaving as is Elrohir. Elladan, however, is staying on for a bit longer. I have no idea why." "No, I could not imagine why." Tirnion said, sharing a laugh with Morwen at Rian's expense. Rian cared little as she smiled widely. Imladris, TA 2790 Elrohir and Morwen had returned to Imladris a month ago and Glorfindel had spoke very little to both of them in that time. Elrohir was hurt, Morwen amused, and Glorfindel was angered. "He will not speak with either of us! And he keeps putting me on the most pathetic patrols." Elrohir yelled as he paced back and forth in Morwen's office/ "He is your Captain." Morwen said as she moved from one stack of work to another. "He is abusing his position. Can you not do something?" Elrohir asked. Morwen looked up at Elrohir, "What do you want me to do?" "Talk to him. At him. Force him to listen, to understand. This is ridiculous…and why are you not upset by this? The elf you are in love with is not speaking to you." "When Glorfindel stops acting like an elfling I will be more than willing to speak with him." Morwen turned back to her work. Elrohir pulled the papers away, "Morwen, please. If not for me, if not for you, than him. He is not well, Morwen. He is tired and his reflexes are starting to slow." Morwen rolled her eyes and said, "Fine." She capped her ink well and walked out of the room. Elrohir smiled, knowing things were about to be fixed. Morwen watched Glorfindel from the doorway. His attitude with them upon hearing the news they had been in Mirkwood, no matter that they had returned safe and healthy, had been immediately cool and harsh. Morwen had found herself locked out of his office for the first time she could remember. She had passed from anger weeks ago and had been waiting for his mood to change. Again it appeared she had to be the bigger elf. She studied his appearance, worry lines in his face and tired bags under his eyes. His hands were shaking and it was quite obvious he had not had even a small rest in some time. Perhaps she should have done this sooner. She sighed as she came into the room and crossed over to his desk. He kept on writing. Morwen gave him a dark look and then came to stand beside him, forcibly removing the quill from his hand. "Whether or not you wish to speak with me now, you will listen." Morwen said. Glorfindel did not raise his eyes to meet her own. Morwen continued, "Yes, we were in Mirkwood. We were visiting friends and showing the ties between our realms have not been broken. Tirnion often comes here, we rarely go there." "There is a reason for that." Glorfindel said. "You cannot protect me forever and from everything, Glorfindel. Even trying to do so is a great insult to me." Morwen said. Glorfindel finally looked up at her, "You are not able to fully defend yourself." Morwen shook her head at him in exasperation, "I was with the twins