Disclaimer: It all belongs to Tolkien. Author: rivlee Title: Deep And Crisp And Even Series: Legend, Lore, and Lullabies Age: Third Age Place: Mirkwood Rating: PG Characters/Pairing: Thranduil, Bard. Gen. Summary: Bard seeks aid from the Elvenking. Winter, TA 2942. A/N: Unbeated. First posted Dec, 10, 2007. Mirkwood, TA 2942 Mirkwood was a forest dark and dangerous at the best of times and the road to death at the worst. While winter's snowfalls lightened the ground and made the tracking of the dreaded spiders that much easier, its bitter winds kept all inside while its snow storms deadened all signs and sounds of life. Even the elves felt winter's frost in the wood, their light clothes of autumn replaced by leather and fur, keeping their body's warmth close to the skin. The people of Mirkwood, elves and men, still needed to survive the winter. Hunts were required, as was forging for wood to light the fires in the Elvenking's halls. Things were even more desperate after the Battle of the Five Armies. Lake-town was destroyed and in need of aid from all its allies, even those that raised the people's suspicion. Bard knew he had to wander under the snow-covered eaves of Mirkwood to seek the help of the elves. Thranduil had come to the people of Lake-town once with supplies, he was not likely to do it again. If the people of Lake-town were to receive help, they needed to make the journey to the Elvenking and ask in person. The wood was said to be better, since Gandalf the Grey had cleared it of its dark inhabitants. Evil beings, poisoning the very soil of what was once Greenwood the Great. Bard could not help his fear though; he grew up with stories in his ear about how the woods were cursed. Men disappeared under the branches, never to emerge again. More than elves and spiders dwelled here, he was certain. A cold wind blew, rattling the bare tree branches and raising a ghostly whistle. Bard pulled his thread-bare cloak tighter around his body. The fur-lined cloaks of his past had burned in the fires of Smaug's vengeance. Times were desperate, especially with a portion of the dragon's ransom forever lost, gone with the life of the treacherous Master of Lake-town. Bard had helped save the people of Lake-town once and he could not in good conscious leave them to fight the winter on their own, even as he tried to re-build Dale from the ruins. So he undertook this journey, this task, with the strength of heart and character that was only found in the truly honorable. Success was not as important as trying, if only to inspire another to take his place if he should fall. The people of Lake-town did not survive the attacks of a dragon and a war only to succumb to winter's frost. Bard pulled out his map, trying to find the way to the home of Thranduil. Thranduil had assured him, if ever he needed shelter the path to the Elvenking's Halls would reveal itself. In all honesty, Bard was hoping to run into an elven party to lead the way. The snow began to fall and Bard bowed his head, adjusting the hood of his cloak, and pushed through the weather. It would not do to come this far only to be buried in a snow drift. There was a path here, it went around the back of the caves to the front gates. He had crossed the Forest River hours ago, the path had to be somewhere near Bard could not shake the feeling that somewhere in the snow, there were elves watching him struggle to find the way. They were probably hiding in the evergreens, or perched behind the snow covered rocks. He had seen the winter cloaks of the elves, white woven fabric trimmed with white fur. Their pale skin and silver hair let them blend into the winter terrain. He tightened the strap of his quiver, eyes casting about in search of hidden friends or enemies. He stopped, hand slipping to the knife on his belt as a black dot raced down a tree. He relaxed his grip, seeing it was only one of the black squirrels of Mirkwood. Curious creatures, far too willing to be out among people than most animals. The squirrel scurried along, racing upon a path that seemed embedded into the ground. The snow outlined the way, sinking deeper along a trench, trees and rocks marking the boundaries. Bard followed the squirrel until it moved off the path, running to the right side and perching on a bush. Bard turned back to the path, stumbling forward and catching himself before he landed. He looked down at the forest floor, wondering what could have tripped him up. When he glanced up again, a bridge was in his sight, the gates of the Elvenking's home not far behind. Bard turned back around to locate the squirrel, but it had disappeared into the swirling winds of snow. Bard was led by a she-elf into a comfortable study. A fire crackled in the hearth, casting orange and red shadows on the dark walls. The furnishings were made of wood, as was the door. A window was carved out of the rock, doors leading to what he could only assume was a balcony. The chairs were a mixture of styles, some padded with leather others overstuffed with down, and yet more bare wood gleaming in the firelight. The shelves were crammed with volumes, loose papers were piled up on the many desks. A desk closest to the fire held a workstation of some sort, unmarked virgin bows resting beside a chair carved in the form of a wooden leaf. Resin, string, knife and varnish also surrounded the area. It was clearly the chair of an elf who liked to decorate and fashion his own bows and arrows. He wandered over to the desk in the corner furthest away from the fire. He did not know much elvish, but he knew a patrol roster when he saw one. There were letters, the wax seals broken and hard, cutting through an image of a river flowing through a mountain valley. There were drawings fastened tight to wooden backings leaning against the wall. Elves, dark-haired ones, in long and heavy robes so different from the elves of the wood. He stepped back from the desk right as the door opened. Bard turned, dropping his head in a gesture of deference as the Woodland King entered. He was one of the tallest beings Bard had ever encountered, and had more grace and power than any other he had met. The King wore a white robe over a green tunic and brown leggings, golden thread weaving through both. White gems were in his hair, gleaming like snowflakes too stubborn to be melted away. Atop his head rested the winter crown, a garland fashioned of holly leaves and berries, a pine sprig and its cone. "Please, Bard the Bowman," the Elvenking gestured to a seat by the fire, "sit down." Bard crossed the room and took his seat, surprised at the softness of the chair. His fingers trailed over the luxurious fabric on the arms. The Elvenking approached him, offering up a small glass of some clear liquid. Bard accepted, taking a cautious sniff. It was not water, for the smell was too sweet. He took a tentative sip. He almost gasped at the warmth that spread through is body. "It is miruvor." Thranduil said. "A creation from Imladris." "Imladris?" Bard asked. "I believe it is called Rivendell in the Common Tongue. Do you know of this land?" "Only in legend." Bard admitted. "It lies over the Misty Mountains, does it not, in the West?" "Indeed." Thranduil said. "The Last Homely House of the West, the heart of elven lore and healing magic on Arda." Thranduil held up his cup, strong fingers adorned with the rings of station, "This drink is one of their best commodities. It is a cordial that renews the strength of any who drinks it, the most powerful of its kind on these shores." Bard stared down into his glass, marveling over the powers of a simple drink. "It must be very valuable." Thranduil laughed, "Not as much as you think, at least not to the elves. Elrond sends crates of this off whenever he is feeling particularly worried. That daughter of his needs to return home before he mother-hens us all into mindless fools." He placed his glass down on an end table. "Why do you come, Bard?" Bard raised his eyes, meeting those of Thranduil, fighting to urge to flinch at the power and years within them. "I need your assistance, Elvenking. Winter rages on and we run out of reserves. What was not destroyed by the fire has been used near to depletion and a portion of the dragon's treasure we had was taken by the former Master of Lake-town, dead and gone with him. I do not ask for goods from your own stores." Thranduil smiled, "Then what do you ask?" "To know one of your hunting paths. Not your most successful route, just one you know has animals to hunt and possibly nuts and berries to gather and consume. I know the elves hunt throughout the season and I know how much my people will be in your debt if you reveal such a matter to us." Bard finished his speech and stayed silent as Thranduil studied him. The Elvenking sat back in his chair, hands placed on the armrests much like he sat on this throne. Bard could believe all the stories about Thranduil's magic as he sat across from him, watching the shadows of the fire play over his hair and skin. There was a smile of amusement on the elf's face, as if he found something humorous in Bard's request. "We do not own the paths," Thranduil finally said, "nor do we hide them for any others. The knowledge is there for those to seek if they are willing to look." Bard swallowed back his first response, knowing now was not the time for arrogant and angered statements. "Perhaps I should take into account the lack of time your people have to find the paths, since they are so concerned with surviving." Thranduil sighed. "I suppose it is time for me to go on a gathering mission. It has been so long since I've had to show one of my elflings the way." Thranduil stood and walked to the door, opening it up and beckoning someone from the outside. "Ormeril, please show Bard to the guest quarters and tell Balanauth I will be taking Bard out on a hunt tomorrow." "Would you also like to ask my brother to halt his departure from our lands?" The she-elf asked. Thranduil looked out the window before turning back to the she-elf. "Tell Tirnion it will be best for him to hold-off his departure for a fortnight. There is a storm coming off the mountains and we do not need him stranded in it." Thranduil turned to Bard, "Rest tonight, Bard, and we will set out in the morning." "I thank you for your generosity, King Thranduil, and your hospitality." Bard said. Thranduil smiled, "I hope you remember such sentiments after tomorrow." The King patted his shoulder and left the room. "Please, come with me." The she-elf said, her words slow and careful. It was clear she was not used to speaking the Common Tongue. She was beautiful, young in a way only the elves were. Bard followed her, his eyes straying back and forth as he went down the twisting hallways and staircases. Tapestries and flags hung on the walls, paintings and weapons of old mounted along and above doorways. Bard knew there were hidden pathways, could feel a draft on his hands coming from what should have been a solid wall, could hear