Disclaimer: Tolkien's world, I pitter patter around in it Game and Set Chapter One: A Sense Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal, and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom. --Charles H. Spurgeon Imladris TA 2851 "The White Council is meeting again?" an exasperated Morwen asked a road-weary Glorfindel. Glorfindel, who had just finished a return journey from Mirkwood and was desiring a bath, a meal, and a rest, had been detained upon his arrival by the group of elves he had helped raise. It was really his fault, teaching them to be so persistent in gathering information. Glorfindel tried not to think of the dirt in his hair, or the road dust that had taken residence in his clothes and skin. He looked at the eager faces of the gathered, all sitting around Elladan's bedroom. "Yes." Glorfindel answered. "It is only a formality, to be sure. All know an attack on Dol Guldur is the best plan of action. One we should undertake soon." Eluialeth regarded him with a curious look, "Why so soon?" Glorfindel sat back in his chair, not used to leading a war council with a group full of non-warriors, "Sauron has not yet revealed himself, which means he is still gathering strength. It would be best to attack him while he is weak and when we still have plenty of forces to attack him with. We all know the numbers sailing are starting to become obvious." Elladan put down the dagger he had been examining, "It almost seems wrong to attack something when they are weak, even Sauron." Glorfindel regarded his former pupil, his still student, "Even weak as an infant, Elladan, Sauron can still take control of your mind when you are fully strong. You know the most important rule of battle, Elladan." "Never underestimate your enemy." Elladan dutifully answered. "Do well to remember that and apply it." Rian said. "I would rather not have to weep over your corpse; it might ruin my dress." "And then what would she have to live for?" Eluialeth asked. Even Rian had to laugh at such a statement. Glorfindel playfully gave Eluialeth a chastising look, "Eluialeth a councilor should be objective in their opinions of others." Eluialeth smirked, "Let me ask my father about that in regards to the Golden Hall, Cirdan's library, the councilors of LothLorien, the…" "Your father is different," Glorfindel said, "and he has been around much longer than you. He once had objectivity, it has been forced out of him." "He means the little objectivity Erestor had to begin with." Morwen said. Glorfindel nodded, conceding the point to Morwen. "Do you know where this council will be held?" Elrohir asked. "I would enjoy traveling again." Glorfindel smiled, "You will travel soon enough." "What does that mean?" Elladan asked. "It means," Glorfindel said as he stood up, "that you will find out once I feel it is time to tell you. I promise you though, you will not spend the majority of this new year stuck in Imladris." "Where are you going?" Eluialeth asked. "I am abandoning you children…" Glorfindel smiled at the protests and the thrown pillow of Morwen, "for I am in desperate need of a bath and I have a meeting to lead." "Soldiers?" Elladan asked, annoyed he was not invited. "Former warriors?" Elrohir asked, trying to reason out why the twins were not at such a meeting. "Elderly elven folk?" Morwen asked with a condescending smile. "I am sure you will find out the attendants later." Glorfindel said as he made his way out of the room, shaking his head at the group. "Really, it is not as if we are elflings anymore." Rian protested. "To him we always will be, he saw as infants." Elladan said. "Maybe you three, and Eluialeth," Rian said, "but I came here as a much older foundling." "Yes, so ancient at thirty." Elrohir muttered. "Not even at your majority." Morwen said. "He cannot protest to our ages all that much. If he did, how does one explain Morwen?" Eluialeth asked. Elladan snickered as Elrohir smirked, "Yes, well, Morwen always has been different." "And has had a distinct lack of respect for Glorfindel as her elder." Elladan said. Morwen narrowed her eyes, "You must admit there are times when I act more the adult than he does, and it was so even in my childhood." Elladan smiled, "Ah, yes, the boiling water event of TA 182." "I did not know Glorfindel could screech so." Elrohir said. "And over a sugar flower." Elladan said. "Oh, do tell." Eluialeth said. Elladan leaned back, "It all started with the preparations for the spring festival and the kitchen hands needing help………….." Elladan started, much to the amusement of the gathered. Elrond walked by Elladan's room, smiling as he heard the pleasing sound of laughter from inside. He turned to Mithrandir at his side, "Nothing lightens the heart more than hearing you children's laughter." "And your foundlings." Mithrandir added. "I do not think we should disturb them just yet. Let them have this." "Yes, the news can wait for another day." Elrond said as the two continued the walk to Elrond's chambers and his private study. It was an amusing fact of Imladris that its Lord hoarded two studies, an office, and a secret library but if it kept Elrond happy few bothered to protest. To be fair, Rian had made a disgruntled comment when Eluialeth had moved into the office already occupied by both Morwen and Rian but had been quickly silenced when Elrond informed her the office would be expanded. Complaints or no, Elrond was not giving up his few quiet and private sanctuaries in the realm. Elrond waited until they were inside before he made mention of his concerns, "I do not think this council will turn out in our favor." Mithrandir nodded, "I still have hope. The others must see the need. Thranduil will, at least, agree to our side." "Galadriel should as well, what threatens Mirkwood threatens her." Elrond agreed. "Is it true Thranduil ordered his daughter to sail?" Mithrandir asked as he settled down into a chair, pulling out his pipe while ignoring Elrond's disapproving look. Elrond moved to open the windows as he spoke to Mithrandir, "He did indeed. His wife and middle son are already in Aman. Merileth tried to fight the order, but it was royal decree and Merileth is a citizen of Mirkwood before she is a citizen of the Golden Wood. Galadriel could not have stopped the order if she wanted to, which she did not. With Merileth off in Aman, that march warden husband of hers can keep his mind on the borders rather than his wife." "That is quite harsh." "I do not believe that elf knew what he was getting into when he married Merileth. It is not a simple marriage, there are responsibilities and events to attend and many other things which could drive an elf not raised in such a life insane." Elrond said. "Rian handles it quite well." Mithrandir said. "Because we force our councilors to attend such events. One must also say that Imladris and the Golden Wood are wholly different places." "Quite, things change here more often and there is a constant stream of people coming and people going." Mithrandir said. Elrond shrugged, "I enjoy a busy and merry home. The more visitors we have, the more chance I have to learn news from around Arda." "The more you can learn about their people and their customs. Ever the scholar." Elrond smiled, "Thank you." Elrond took his own seat. "Now, what do you wish to discuss?" Mithrandir put down his pipe, "Only a few concerns of an old wizard." "Then kindly share them with an old half elf willing to listen." Elrond said. The councilors sat at their morning meeting, all staring intently at Erestor, their leader. "The White Council will be meeting here to discuss matters of the highest secrecy and importance to the future of all. We will have many renown guests in our halls, as we have had before. I urge you all to present a most professional and welcoming image for them. However, do watch what you say. Do not give anymore information to our guests than you have to, despite how trivial the information may seem to you. Am I understood?" Erestor glanced around the room, taking in all of faces. "Good. You will receive your individuals assignments later today. Dismissed." Rian leaned into Morwen's side, "Do you have to perform scribe duty again?" Morwen shrugged, "No one has said such. Curunir is the leader now, he may make the decision." Rian nodded, "Yes, he is the leader and yet, they are meeting in Imladris, again." "Perhaps Isengard is not so friendly." Eluialeth said. Morwen smiled, "I think it is more that Imladris is, in a sense, neutral. While we are an elven realm…" "We have inhabitants of other races. We cannot hastily go into a decision without weighing the odds for all." Eluialeth finished. "I still think it has something to do with the White Council's love of our cuisine." Rian said. "We do have marvelous bakers and cooks." Morwen agreed. "And we understand why one cannot simply survive on traditional elven food." Rian said. Eluialeth shrugged, "Maybe they just enjoy sleeping in beds which are not in trees nor in, whatever Isengard has." "Or perhaps they enjoy listening to the useless babble of the young female councilors." Erestor said. "Now, now, the LothLorien elves are a bit more silly than we." Rian protested. Erestor smirked, "Ah, Rian, you have just been assigned to our LothLorien visitors. Eluialeth, you may watch over those from the Grey Havens. Galdor knows Imladris well, but it has been quite a long time since Cirdan has visited. Gildor and his people have already been settled. Morwen, please handle Mirkwood, we are still not certain whether Thranduil is traveling our not. He may send one of his sons." "Wonderful. And what are we to do until they arrive?" Morwen asked. "Keep Elladan and Elrohir inside Imladris. I know they have been looking for any hint of an excuse to leave, and they may find one with the return of their grandparents. Other than that, keep to your normal duties and make sure the rooms of your selected guests are ready." Erestor said as he walked off. "Who is handling Curunir.." Morwen stopped at the dark look Erestor gave her, "Ah." She said. Morwen turned to Rian and Eluialeth, "Who else believes we need to go pay attention to our sorely neglected office?" Rian and Eluialeth quickly followed after her. Glorfindel sat on one of the fences, watching as the twins took in their practice. Many elves were gathered around, remarking on the ever improving skills of the twins. Glorfindel enjoyed studying them from afar, to truly see just how their skills were improving and how they were taking the praise. When they did not know Glorfindel was watching, they showed more of their true selves. Glorfindel smiled as he felt the arms come around his waist, "Hello, Morwen." Morwen rested her chin on Glorfindel's shoulder, "The twins are becoming most skilled." Glorfindel nodded, "Certainly the best of their age group. I had hoped they would turn out well, but they have gone beyond even my highest expectations." Morwen smiled, "They are not too prideful and they are willing to learn from the Rangers." "It does give them quite an advantage when they go into the Wild." Glorfindel dislodged Morwen from her place as he turned to look down at her, "Should you not be preparing for our many guests?" "Erestor has gone with the divide and conquer strategy. I have Mirkwood and they