You want to know one of the worst things about being a demigod? The nightmares. Sure, there's being chased by hungry monsters, nearly dying on multiple occasions, and the resentment I feel towards Poseidon for crushing my chances at a normal life, but between all of that pleasantness are the nightmares. By now, I was pretty used to bad dreams. They were usually vague but terrifying—the camp in flames, the mortal world collapsing. Y'know, standard stuff like that. Oftentimes I had dreams from my best friend Hayden's life, reliving every third life-or-death experience she'd ever face, along with emotions I never quite understood, and memories of our friendship I nearly forgotten. Let me explain that if that made no sense. Long story short: my best friend Hayden died trying to protect me after we were hunted down by our crazy Social Studies teacher (a longer story on top of this long story) who, as far as I could figure, was working for Gaea. After Hayden's funeral, her mother, the goddess Thetis, gave me a gift: the ability to run incredibly fast. Hayden was gone, and I wanted to experience life for the two of us. For that I had to survive, and that's part of why I agreed to let Thetis give me power. But the power came with the price of experiencing some of Hayden's thoughts and memories. Some were pretty nice, some made me incredibly sad, but a lot were scary. Almost all of them were painful to see. I experienced Hayden's memories first person through my dreams. But this night was different. The first thing I noticed was that it was bone-chillingly cold, cold enough to see my own breath…if I could see. I was surrounded in pitch-black darkness. I was never really afraid of the dark, but being wherever I was made my throat close up. I wanted to bolt, but knowing me, I'd run smack-dab into a wall and concuss myself like only a true hero would do. I reached out, trying to feel around for a wall. What I found surprised me. It was a wall, but it was rough and moist, like uneven gravel after a light rain. I waited for my eyesight to adjust, and slowly I realized that I was in the middle of a cave. The passageways in front of and behind me went on forever and were swallowed into darkness. I heard a soft roar, which at first I thought was the roar of blood in my ears, but the sound was higher pitched and manic, almost like laughter from a large crowd. And it was growing louder. Ice crawled up my spine. I ran away from the noise down the tunnel, keeping one hand on the wall, but the noise kept getting louder. I tried to backtrack, but there was a wall of solid earth where I'd previously been that wasn't there before. I was forced to either stay put or go forward, and I didn't want my back against the wall when whatever was laughing found me. I kept moving forward, turning down corridors hoping to find a way back, but no matter how many times I turned, I never seemed to be able to distance myself from the noise. It was almost as if the cave was alive and was forcing me towards the source of the laughter… Another chill ran through my veins. That idea was too horrifying to dwell on, even in a dream. I kept walking for minutes, maybe even hours, on end. It was impossible for me to tell. Suddenly, my foot slipped from under me and I almost fell down a ledge I didn't see that dropped down into a vast, dark cavern. I bit back a yelp. Down in the cavern, a dark humanoid figure was stuck halfway in the ground. Only its torso, head, and upper arms were visible. Even so, I could tell that this thing was huge—it was already twice my size. It was slowly rising from the ground, as if the earth were pushing it up while molding it from the top down. And if that wasn't already terrifying enough, this thing had four arms, two protruding from each shoulder. It'd be almost comical, but those arms were big and beefy, like a body builder who was halfway through letting himself go. There was worse news. Dozens upon dozens of creatures with huge bat-like wings were all congregated at the bottom, laughing and cheering. Small fights broke out in groups here and there; the creatures clawed at each other until they were both reduced to a pile of ashes. More were rising from the ground in wisps of black smoke and solidifying. I noticed that some had horns like the Minotaur's, while others had tusk like a rhino or elephant. Thankfully, it was too dark to see them too clearly. So far, none of them noticed me. As I watched in horror, I began to notice the thump, thump, thump of vibrations slowly growing beneath my feet, resonating through the ground. It grew louder and stabilized, almost like a— I stepped back quickly, but stumbled and fell flat on my butt with a yelp. I realized that that thing was— Two blue eyes shot open on the giant figure's face. The sclera and irises were all unnatural shades of blue. Its pupils, which were a slightly darker shade of blue, were horribly jagged and misshapen. The eyes fixed themselves on me and my heart dropped beating. A fanged smile slowly spread onto the face; evil gleamed in those awful eyes. I woke abruptly. My ears were ringing and my heart was beating like it was trying to make up for lost time. Dull morning light slipped past the slits on the closed blinds and hit me in the face. Monsters howled in the woods. The familiar scent of the ocean breeze wafted through my room, which helped me calm down. I rolled to my back and tried to steady my heart by taking deep breaths. Celestial bronze Hippocampi danced in a circle on the ceiling, the craftsmanship of my half-brother, Tyson. I sighed, and forced myself out of bed to get ready for the day. I went to breakfast as usual, but my dream was still on my mind. I couldn't make heads or tails of it. Annabeth told me that sometimes demigods had dreams of the past and present. But was that what was happening? How could I tell? I never had a dream like that before. I wanted to ask Annabeth since she was the best person to help me figure this out, but she wasn't at breakfast that morning. She was on another search mission for Percy and was supposed to be back sometime the tomorrow. I didn't want to bother her now if my dream turned out to be trivial. So I tried to go about my day normally. After a morning of swordplay and monster fighting techniques, I gathered my reading materials and headed to Bunker Nine. It's been three months since Leo and cabin nine started building the Argo II, and even in its half finished state it already was amazing to behold. It stood large and gleaming in the middle of Bunker Nine. I could already tell that it would be imposing as soon as it was done. It was hard to believe that March was nearly over already. Time flies when you're building a spanking hot war machine, I guess. I didn't keep track of time all that well when I was at camp. My own birthday almost snuck up on me, and I only noticed it was coming when Valentine's Day rolled around and the Aphrodite cabin was more rowdy than usual. I hid from them in Bunker Nine. I've been coming to Bunker Nine about every other day since January, teaching Leo Greek stories, relaying messages between the bunker and camp for those too cheap to shell out the drachma to send an Iris Message, and retrieving tools that were too big or too specific for Leo's fanny pa—tool belt. I wasn't part of the Seven, and I couldn't build anything to save my life, so teaching Leo when he didn't get to go to class like the other campers was my way of contributing. That was true, but I'd be lying if I said that was the only reason I went there often. Oh, like you never had ulterior motives before. Today, I was reading Leo the story of Echo, but my heart wasn't into it. If I sounded off, Leo didn't seem to notice. He was testing the Wii remote's control on the ship's sails. Please don't ask me why he connected a Wii remote to his warship. Leo was weird. He didn't think about things the way others did. He shook the remote manically and the sails began to rise, but stalled halfway like something was stuck in the gears. Leo swore and shook the control faster, like how you'd hit a button on a remote harder, as if that stops the batteries from being dead. "Y'know," I said drily, "you should really wear a wrist strap when you're doing that." "Do I look like the kind of guy who needs the wrist strap?" Leo asked. " Yup ." Leo shook his head, like I can't believe this chick . "Just because you smashed the window in the Big House doesn't mean that the rest of us can't handle our Wii remotes." I blushed. "It wasn't that bad…" "You nailed two satyrs in the head with the remote." So here's weird story: Leo and I were playing Smash Brothers in the rec room and Leo was totally cheating, I swear. I may or may not have gotten a little too into it and sent the Wii remote flying through the window were it ricocheted off of a poor satyr's head and hit another one in the face. I grimaced at the memory. "Okay. Maybe it was that bad." Leo laughed and placed the Wii remote on Buford the table. He gave Buford an affectionate pat, pulled a screwdriver out of his tool belt , and began working on the sails. He worked fluidly, as if fixing machines was second nature to him, which it was since he was a son of Hephaestus. Leo tried to teach me a little bit about machines before, but he might as well have been trying to teach me rocket surgery or brain science, for all I understood. Every time he explained something to me in his technobabble, my eyes would glaze over and I would go "uh huh" and nod a lot. Not much different from what I did in school, actually. He'd just face palmed himself and muttered to himself in Spanish. (I still don't know Spanish swear words, btw.) He did, however, teach me some Morse code, so I was able to ask you okay and say love you . I tried not to let him see how hard I was blushing, to questionable success. Anyway, looking at the Argo II, I couldn't help but think that June was less than two months away. I never liked thinking about it much. It was much easier to pretend that time was static, and Leo and his siblings were building the Argo II for fun instead of because Mother Earth was raising her most horrible children, the giants, to destroy the gods, and if the Seven didn't stop her from waking, the world would end and everyone I knew and loved would die. Speaking of loved ones, there were still no signs of Percy after all of these months. I've tried contacting Percy through Iris Messages a couple times just to see if I could get through. I never did. I went with Annabeth on a trip to the city to visit Percy's mom and Mr. Blowfis. There was a lot of crying and hugging all around.