Okay, I know what you're thinking: why would a long forgotten boy band from the nineties reunite just to buy me pizza? Well, maybe I'm exaggerating a bit. The whole story is a whole lot bigger and weirder than that. Let me start from the beginning. It was the weekend after thanksgiving and I was still stuffed like a turducken. You see, my mom just loves thanksgiving—any holiday really—and she always goes all out. I guess it's her way to make up on lost time. When Mom was fourteen see lost her mother and her home. For years she grew up homeless and lived off fish that she and my grandpa caught. That's part of the reason that I hated Poseidon when I found out he was my father. Oh, that may be confusing. See, my father is Poseidon, the Greek god of the sea and— oh, you already know that? You know the whole back story? Well then, moving on. Mom cooked enough food to feed an army twice over. Stuffing, pound cake, ham, cranberry sauce, a turkey the size of a SUV, yams, pie—you name it, my mom cooked it. I was sure that I gained ten pounds, and it was totally worth it. The Saturday after Thanksgiving I was heading to Camp Half-Blood— my home away from home. I left the subway terminal and headed to the streets, my hands buried in the pockets of my camp jacket, my eyes peeled. My sword was strapped to my belt. Luckily, the Mist concealed it so I wouldn't get arrested for carrying a weapon around. My family thought I was on the lacrosse team; Mom would have a heart attack if she knew I was in possession of a deadly weapon. Thankfully, nothing too serious happened over my vacation break. Just a dragon spotting and an unfortunate (for them) run in with a few Telchines when we went to the beach. Trust me when I say that is a different story for another time. While on the street, I spotted a hot dog stand lined with customers. My stomach growled. I didn't sense anything out of the ordinary with the guy who manned the stand, but I kept my hand close to my sword, just in case. I figured camp dinner wouldn't be for a few hours, and I wanted the calories. I stood in line behind a boy around my age, wondering if Percy was coming to camp this weekend or staying with his parents for the rest of his break. My half-brother on the godly side of things lived in the city with his mom and step-dad most of the time and came to camp on the weekends. I haven't seen him in a while, and I sort of missed him. The line crawled ahead as people lined up behind me. The boy in front of me was just about to pay for his hotdog when a sudden wind rushed by and blew his money out of his hands. "Hey!" the boy protested. "Sorry, kid," the guy behind the counter said, not sound very sorry. "But I'm still going to need full payment." "But that was all I had." "Not my problem." Now, the people in the line were getting impatient. I felt sorry for the guy. I pulled out the money I hid in my sock. I had enough for a hotdog and maybe a taxi to camp, if I was lucky enough to pick a cab that never hit any of the lights. "Here," I said, putting the money on the counter. "I'll pay for his." The vender shrugged. Money was money. I counted my remaining money as I headed down the block. A hand on my shoulder made me jump. I would've punched whoever the hand was attach to if I hadn't seen who it was. "Hey," the guy from the hotdog line said with a smile. I nearly had a spaz attack. This guy was seriously hot. Messy dark hair framed his perfect face. He had gorgeous brown eyes (I'm a big sucker for brown eyes). I wondered if he was a movie star or something, because he looked kind of familiar… You're mouth is open , the still functioning part of my brain told me. I know. Shut up. "What about you?" The gorgeous guy asked. "Ab—abo—me-me?" Nice, Kai. Make him think you're a mental case. I swallowed. "What about me?" "Aren't you hungry?" "Oh." For some reason, I felt a little disappointed. "Yeah, I'm okay." "Let me repay you." "No, it's fine. Really." "I insist." His smiled turned me into a puddle of salt water. "Okay," I whimper rather pathetically. Something about this guy was making my brain shut down. "You like pizza?" he asked. "I love pizza." "Good," he said. "So do my brothers. They're probably already there by now." "Okay. That's great news." Snap out of it! "Wait," I said, finding my thoughts again. "What brothers?" "Don't worry," he said casually. "We're not going to eat you." "But—but—wha—" "You're cute when you're flustered, you know that?" I closed my mouth so fast that I almost bit my tongue. My face burned. This guy, whoever he was, noticed that and seemed to take that as a sign of submission. He smirked He grabbed me by the hand and steered me towards the opposite direction. Before you ask, let me just say that I know I shouldn't have gone off with a complete stranger who promised me food. I saw the after school specials. Not only that, but this guy could've been a monster in disguise. But this dude turned my brain into a puddle of mush. I couldn't think straight. All that existed was him, his beautiful eyes… "You…" I said, trying to defog my mind. "You haven't told me your name." He stopped in his tracks and looked down at me. He was about six inches taller than I was, give or take. "Huh?" "Your name?" He smirked. "Tell me yours." "I asked you first." "Are you sure? It's a mouthful." I crossed my arms. "Humor me, would ya?" After a moment, he said, "Hedylogos" I blinked. "Say what?" "My name is Hedylogos. And no, I'm not a monster." "You're a god then." "Perhaps." "Can I have a straight answer?" I huffed. "Or are gods incapable of cutting to the chase?" That seemed to amuse him. Hedylogos looked up at the building we stopped in front of. "Oh look. We're here." Without even realizing it, he'd led me to my favorite pizza place in the world: Lonardo's Pizza. My stomach growled happily. Hedylogos led me inside towards a corner booth occupied by four other guys. "Kai," Hedylogos said. "These are my brothers. Guys, this is Kaia Fischer." I was so stunned that I didn't even realize that I never told Hedylogos my name. His brothers looked nothing like each other. They all had different hair colors, eye colors, and skin tones. But they were all attractive. Hedylogos introduced me to all of them: First was Hymenaeus, the god of weddings and marriage. He was Asian with blond steaks in his black hair and thick rimmed glasses. Out of all of his brothers, he seemed the youngest; maybe thirteen or fourteen. He shifted in his seat, fidgeting his fingers, like he was nervous. Besides him was a Hispanic looking guy with close-cropped dark hair and a scowl on his otherwise handsome face: Anteros, the god of mutual love. He wore a leather jacket, which reminded me of a greaser from a fifty's movie. His next brother was a black guy in a dark blue hoodie with warm, gentle eyes. He was big, but his smile was kind and sweet, like a teddy bear. His name was Pothos, the god of longing and yearning. Next was Himeros, the god of desire. He had light brown windblown hair and blue eyes like the sky. He looked like any other boy I'd see at school who was way, way out of my league. Pretty much, I was standing in front of a godly boy band. I had to remind myself to breath. Come on! My brain yelled. Even you don't gush this badly . Uh, have you met me? I am you! Whoa. That got uncomfortably meta… No problem , I tried to convince my galloping heart. I was just surrounded by five love gods. Their godly auras or whatever was messing with my brain. Or heart. Both? Whatever. Back at my old school, and even at camp, cute guys paid no attention to me. If they did, I was their friend, and by that time I was in the dreaded Friend Zone. Hayden used to joke that I was cursed. I wondered if my obsession with the opposite gender was just puberty, or something that I inherited from Poseidon. It wouldn't really surprise me if the latter were the case. "Well," I said, "you guys are… wow." Pothos and Himeros chuckled under their breath. Anteros rolled his eyes. Hedylogos grinned. "Don't you love her?" Hymenaeus, who was blushing, perked up. "Fischer?" "Yeah," I said. "Your parents are David and Lanakila, correct?" I nodded. "You know them?" "I was at their wedding," he said dreamily. "They were married on a yacht; a white and silver theme with dove napkins and a marble cake." He sighed. "So elegant." I stared at him. He had to be at least my age, how was he at my parent wedding? I reminded myself he was a god. They could look s old or as young as they wanted and be thousands of years old. Appearances didn't matter. "Oh," I said. "Makes sense." Hedylogos waved for me to take seat. I sat on the edge next to Hymenaeus. He sat opposite of me. I plucked a bread stick from the basket and looked at Hedylogos. "So, what are you the god of? The god of whisking girls away to magical pizza parlors?" Himeros spoke for him. "Hedylogos is actually the god of flattery and sweet talk." "Oh. So you're the god of flirting?" Hedylogos chuckled under his breath. "Guilty as charged." Somehow, he made that lame line sound smooth. The waitress came over with three trays of meat-lovers, veggie, and extra-extra cheesy pizza. I've always liked Lonardo's because the slices were pretty big. I grabbed one of each. The other guys joked around and acted like normal, everyday high school guys (and had the appetite of a normal, everyday high school guy). Other than their combined auras, you could past them on the street and have no clue that there was anything different about them. Hymenaeus talked about my parents and grandparents wedding, which was till weird coming from a person who looked my age. I was pretty sure my family had no clue about gods or anything, so I joked that Hymenaeus was a wedding crasher. He blushed. Around my fourth or fifth slice of pizza, it had finally sunk in that I was having lunch with a band of gods. This couldn't have been normal, even if I was a demigod child of one of the big three. As far as I knew, gods just didn't treat you to lunch… unless they wanted something. "Y'know," I said. "As fun as it's been I have to ask: why'd you drag me here?" They looked at each other, as if deciding who would deliever the bad news. "We actually have a task for you," Pothos said. I sighed. "Of course you do." He fished something out of a backpack and placed it on the table. I gasped. It was the most beautiful necklace I've ever seen. It was solid gold, inlaid with rubies, amethysts, sapphires, and emeralds. It sparkled and glittered so brightly that everything around me was faded in color and flat. Something stirred inside me. I wanted that necklace. I needed to have it. "We want you to destroy it," Himeros said bluntly. "Why?" I heard