A Prankster and a Redhead A Harry Potter Fanfic. Category: Canon; Romance and Humor . Rating: M Characters: Remus Lupin, Sirius Black, Peter Pettigrew, Alice Prewitt Longbottom, Dorcas Meadows, and Mary MacDonald Pairing: Lily Evans Potter and James Potter. CHAPTER 1 Thoughts and Feelings It was August 21st, 1977. Lily Evans sat on her desk, staring out of the only window in her tiny bedroom at the sky that was shot with saffron and streaked with blue, bathing in the last light of the setting sun. She sighed. This was her last year at Hogwarts and after that she would be on her own, alone. Well maybe not so alone as her friends; Alice Prewitt, Dorcas Meadows and Mary MacDonald would probably be with her and support her. But she was sure that once school ended she would lose her home most likely. Lily's sister Petunia was a muggle and in spite of having her younger sister as a witch, Petunia was so against it all and so overcome by jealousy that she never lost any opportunity to call Lily a freak. Being away at school Lily could tolerate it all quite well, but once her seventh year ended, she would have come back home and bear Petunia's spite, her parents' vain attempts to unite the sisters and a horrible invasion of privacy; Lily loved her parents but they could never accept the fact that Lily was nearly an adult and could look after herself. Petunia was engaged, to a huge whale of a man, Vernon Dursley who was very well settled in his family business of a drilling company in Surrey. But Vernon being away in America securing some important deals for his company meant it would be over a year for Petunia to finally get married and move out. Lily was not at all prepared to take the chance. "No way am I coming back home after school," lily muttered to herself. "I'll get into healer training and get a place of my own," she assured herself. But even as she said this she could recognize a twinge of fear within her. The air around the wizarding world was changing. She could feel it like any other person with a drop of magic in them. Dark times lay ahead and the war had already spread throughout the country. There was a madman at large; Voldemort who raged a deadly propaganda against blood. He seemed to want to eradicate anybody who was not a pureblood from the entire wizarding community and muggle-borns like Lily did not stand a chance, even the half bloods and purebloods that did not support this were in danger. They were branded as blood traitors and the killings were increasing each day. This enraged Lily like never before. Voldemort's evil, pathetic cause, in which he pulled in more and more followers, mostly Slytherins who were his special "death eaters" had given her nothing but pain; her ex best friend, Severus Snape, being a Slytherin, had been sucked into the dark arts, people of her blood, her fellow muggle-borns, were dying by the minute and there was a absolute sense of fear all around her school. The Ministry of Magic was not functioning at all, crippling under the pressure of the war. Voldemort's people had already infiltrated the Ministry at many levels and it was only a matter of time that the Ministry would fall. The Auror Department was the only honestly functioning department. But even then the fear of getting killed and facing brutal situations did not appeal to many and so the number of dark wizard catchers were dwindling. Lily shifted in her chair and looking at the distance she could make out a hazy shape of an owl flying towards her window from the orange horizon. Not knowing what else to do, Lily opened her widow wide and gripped her wand hard, ready to protect herself should the need arise. But as the owl came closer, she recognized its tawny feathers. It was the school owl, carrying a couple of letters embossed with the Hogwarts seal. She pulled the string around the claws of the owl, freeing the letters, and giving the owl a pat and a couple of owl treats, she set it free again. "Why are there two letters?" Lily wondered to herself. Opening the first letter she found it was the normal letter informing her of the new school year and enclosing a list of all the requirements. However slitting the flap of the next envelope, and reading it, Lily had to stifle a scream. "Merlin," she gasped and dropped it. The letter stared at her, each word standing bold and clear in the loopy, thin handwriting of her headmaster. Dear Miss Evans, This is to inform you that you have been chosen as the Head Girl for the upcoming year. I am sure that you will be successful in fulfilling your responsibilities and duties. You are requested to hold a meeting for the prefects in the Prefect Compartment in the Hogwarts' Express, along with the Head Boy, to inform the prefects of their duties and patrolling schedules. On reaching the school I would like you and the Head Boy to meet me. I am pleased to tell you that this year the school Heads will enjoy the privilege of the Heads Dormitories along with a private common room. Wishing you well, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, Headmaster, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. But this was not what had caused Lily to gasp in shock and drop the letter. Sure, she was a bit startled at being able to get the post, a position she had been working foe since her first day. But no, it was the post script on the letter. P.S. the Head Boy this year is James Potter. James Potter! JAMES POTTER! "Oh hell! Bloody sodding hell!" Lily cursed. "How on earth did Potter get head Boy?" Lily asked herself. " You know how ," a voice inside her head said ." Potter has changed. You admitted it yourself." "It's true," Lily mused. Her reaction was just a residue of her past with Gryffindor's famous Quidditch Captain. James Potter being a spoiled brat in his first year had somehow taken a strange liking to Lily Evans and ever since had been her bane of existence. Well at least till halfway through last year. During the first two years, he had pleased himself by pranking Lily, changing her robes shocking pink, changing the color of her hair from red to green or worse ruining her homework. Sometime in third year, discovering that girls fawned over him too easily, he had finally decided to charm Lily with gross pickup lines and ask her out. To Potter's shock, Lily refused him. Thus began the legendary mission: pursue Lily Evans. He asked her out every day, but did not stop dating other girls and playing mean pranks, disrupting order. In fifth year, a prank on Severus Snape had finally sparked Snape's vicious frustration and had cost Lily her friendship. Though at first she had blamed Potter, now she couldn't do so anymore, it would have happened sooner or later. There was too much tension between Snape and her. The word "mudblood" still rang in her ears as it was yesterday that Severus had spat it at her and she guessed Potter had actually done her a favor. But as the war situation worsened, James Potter grew up. He went from an arrogant git, a blithering fool, to a kind, generous boy, who was ready to be vocal about the wrongs that the Death Eaters were doing, and could handle any curse, hex, dark or simply mischievous that was thrown at him. He simply became a better man. His pranks were now pretty harmless, and his humor had lost the previous underlying insults, but had become purely witty. James Potter became a greater wizard and Hogwarts needed someone like him. "Blimey! I sound like I fancy him!" Lily groaned. " Maybe you do ," the voice in her head was back. "No! NO, No, NO! I do not fancy Potter!"Lily whispered to herself, vehemently. " You know dear, denial isn't just a river in Egypt !" this time it sounded suspiciously like Alice. "Oh! Get out of my head! It's very irritating. But I guess I'll write to James and see if he has received his letter yet." Taking out her quill, Lily set to write a letter to her once upon a time arch nemesis! Hello James. I guess you have received your letter from Professor Dumbledore. So Potter how did you get Head Boy?! Paid him off I guess. Okay, fine. Yes, I'm joking. I am sure you will do your job. But try one thing funny; I will positively make sure you go through hell. And not a single dirty comment on the heads dorms, Sirius. I know you are reading this too. Anyway do you guys want to meet up in Diagon Alley? Alice, Dorcas, Mary and I are going there on Saturday. Remus will be coming too. No Potter, this is NOT a date! Have a good time boys. Tell the others I said hi. Be seeing you James. You too, Sirius! Lily. After sending off her owl, CeCe, with the letter, she skipped downstairs as it was almost dinnertime. That's when she realized. She had called him James ! "What's wrong with me?" Lily whispered to herself, a deep blush spreading across her face. It couldn't be that she fancied him. Sure they had been friends for sometime the last year. But James was a player. " He has not dated ever since Christmas and even before that none of his relationships had been serious, only lasting as long as a fortnight. " "But he hasn't asked me out either. Not for the last four months and I don't care. He is in all this just for the chase. He does not actually have any feelings for me," Lily agued with herself or rather with the Alice in her head. But deep down she knew that it was no true; James had ceased to be a player in the beginning of sixth year and she did care. She missed his attention. Maybe she did want him to ask her out again. Lily shook all distracting thoughts out of her head and went into the kitchen. She would talk to Alice, Dorcas and Mary soon and sort out her feelings. "Hey guys, guess what?" Lily grinned as she stood in front of her family. Her parents immediately looked up expectantly, while Petunia sneered, "I'd love to not guess anything to do with a freak," under her breath. Lily ignored her, and smiling at her parents, she placed the letter on the table and announced, "I am head girl." "Oh honey that's wonderful!" her mother exclaimed, hugging her, as her father read the letter. "Lils, dear, I'm really proud of you. But I want to write to this headmaster of yours. What does he think he is doing? You are NOT going to share a dorm with a BOY," Andrew Evans said, firmly. "Oh Dad! I'm only going to share a common room with him and we have separate dorms Dad. Quit worrying." But her soothing talk did nothing when her mom decided to let out a supposedly delighted squeal. "Lily! The Head boy is James Potter? The one you have a crush on?" "WHAT?" Andrew roared. Rolling her eyes, Lily replied, "Calm down Dad and Mum no, I definitely do not have a crush on Potter." "Of course you do dear. You always seem to complain about him. You talk about him all the time. That's your way of saying you like him. Don't worry, you will figure it out. Now tell me how what does he look like?" Lily sighed. There was no use arguing with her and it wasn't that she was really