Disclaimer: Fanfic… FAN fic...need I say more? A/N: The premise? No one can live a lifetime, no matter how short or long, without ever falling in love. No one can ever know what one will become. Is knowledge power or is ignorance bliss? Centers on Faramir. Post-WOTR, movie-verse for consistent visualization of the face (Sean Bean and David Wenham, cough!), one shot. Memento Mori Life in Gondor after the War of the Rings could be described with just one word -- hopeful. The last few months had been quite eventful with the reconstruction of Gondor to its former glory and the restructuring of society and its beliefs. It was the long-overdue peaceful and bloodless revolution all of Gondor had been waiting for. Aragorn had thrown himself into work soon after his delicious honeymoon with his beloved Arwen. They were the model for the perfect marriage and their happiness spread throughout the land like the pollen of a beautiful flower. Others were returning to their old lives as well. Éomer was learning the trade of kingship as swiftly as Aragorn, eager to be a king his people could be proud of. Due to the hardships he endured along Aragorn's side, the friendship and loyalty between Rohan and Gondor grew stronger than ever. It was reflected in the aid they gladly gave to each other for the sake of restoration of the two nations. Gimli and Legolas had certainly done their part in restoring Gondor to its full splendor. They had already convinced their own kinsfolk to travel down south in order to find adventure in business and pleasure. That is, as soon as things were in order in their own realms. The Hobbits were long gone, but the people's curiosity about them had not died down. It was pity that the people of Gondor could not appreciate the Halflings' qualities firsthand, but tales of their bravery, loyalty, integrity, and humor were on the lips of every citizen. Even Faramir had accepted his new status as the Steward of Gondor. Accepting the stewardship was one thing, but growing accustomed to it was another. Nevertheless, the last surviving member of the house went far above and beyond the reputation of Gondor's long line of Stewards and performed his duties so as to give the position more honor and dignity. Although the people couldn't continue their old thread of life, everyone did their best to make do with what they had and were grateful for the future full of hope and possibilities. It was bought with much sacred and dearly cherished lives, but the survivors all knew it weren't all in vain. They were happy in knowing that this promising future was built with their own hands and determination. ----- "This is a wonderful idea, Faramir," commented Aragorn. He took a look around as he walked beside his friend and Steward, catching every little detail as if to find some hidden treasure. An everyday scene like this one was something to be treasured, especially to Aragorn who never had a normal life. "Indeed I must know how my people live day by day in order to know what is their best interest. I love this idea." Dressed in humble robes of plain brown and dark grey threads, Aragorn and Faramir walked through the streets of Minas Tirith as one of the people. Although their faces were well hidden under the hood of their cloaks, they wondered if someone would recognize them. "What do you say to a drink?" Faramir suggested. There was a tavern a few houses down. "I am a little parched. Let's go." As soon as they found a little table by the corner, the two of them began scanning the crowd. Although it was a normal tavern, Faramir was not used to the level of noise, untidiness, and other characteristics Aragorn was accustomed to as Strider. The Steward took a look around and noticed the happenings around him. It seemed all quite normal and agreeable. As a matter of fact, the ale was good and the music was pleasant to the ears. The sound of flesh on flesh resounded just loud enough for him to pick it up above other noises. Faramir searched for a bar brawl, but did not find any. All seemed well, at least until a man towering over a boy caught his eyes. The tall, portly man stood before the boy, his head hovering over the small lump on the floor. The boy was sprawled across the dirty floor, holding his hands to his reddening cheek. A basket lay on its side and its contents were rolling about on the dirty floor. The child was dirty and so were his clothes, his hair a little long and disheveled. His old clothes were tattered and mended here and there, almost as if they were rags. The little boy of perhaps eight years held back his tears as he rubbed his aching cheek. "What in the King's name are you doing out here? I told you to stay in the back house and never show your face!" The boy did not say anything, but he got on his hands and knees to pick up the things he dropped when he fell. Now Faramir could see his face and he held his breath--the boy appeared awfully familiar, but he did not know any children by the name of Dolenmir. "I don't know why anyone bothers with you! I don't know why I bother with you! If you leave the back house ever again, I'll give you a sound lashing!" The boy looked at the foodstuff that he got from the kitchen. He said, "I was told to get these for dinner." The man hit the boy again on the back of the head. "Then go right out the back door! Don't show your face where people can see you! And for disobeying me, you're not getting dinner tonight! That ought to teach you a lesson!" Dejected and downright indignant, the little boy began to walk away with the basket full of food he could not eat. Faramir tried to follow his path, but Aragorn called for his attention. He painfully tore his eyes away from the small figure. "Faramir, I think it's time to move on. It will be meal time soon and I do not wish to make Arwen and Éowyn wait for us." Aragorn seemed to have missed the little quarrel between the two unequally matched forces. Nevertheless, Faramir was not about to leave and just forget about this incident. Something about this boy perturbed Faramir and he wanted to find out about him. ----- Faramir spent the entire noon meal time thinking about the little boy named Dolenmir. As the son of Denethor and brother of Boromir--and as the new Steward of Gondor--Faramir wondered about this child's bleak existence. His face…Dolenmir's face was constantly on his mind and would not wane. Perhaps it was his face. His fine hair and clear eyes were all too familiar as if he had seen them somewhere. The strong jaw and broad shoulder were far beyond his wee little summers under his belt. Faramir could tell Dolenmir would grow to be a tall, stalwart young man. Although young, the little boy was physically built for some great destiny; which was all too familiar to Faramir. What could Lady Fate have in store for this poor boy? Often low peasant boys never found the opportunity to rise above their rank through their skills and determinations, but would this boy break that history with his fierce eyes and resilience? Whatever caught Faramir's attention was not very conspicuous to the busy Steward. He spent much time that afternoon trying to fend of thoughts of the unfortunate child, but he folded under such strange and strong pressure. Soon he could not perform his duties, however light they were, and found himself delaying all engagements and undertakings until tomorrow. He could not let this impede his daily life and responsibilities, for he was a Steward and everyone depended on him to do his best. This had to be resolved tonight so he may rest and continue his life as Faramir, the Steward of Gondor and Prince of Ithilien. ----- Dressed in the well-worn tunic, leggings, and cloak he wore earlier today, Faramir went out on his own down several levels to reach the tavern. There were not as many people out and about after sunset, but it was still a busy hub of commerce and merrymaking. The lanterns and candles were lit, throwing their yellow and orange glows all about the streets. The Steward wove his way through the streets to avoid contact and familiarization with others. After a long walk about the White City, Faramir finally found the tavern he was looking for. And it was still as busy as it was in daylight. Faramir ordered an ale and sat in the middle of the merriment to pick up bits and pieces of the conversations others were having. Most were either useless or he did not care for them, but nevertheless he listened in hopes of hearing something about the fate of Dolenmir. It took half an hour before the little boy peeked from behind a door. Faramir took in every feature of his face and body--everything that appeared from behind the gateway. All were familiar, but he could not place a finger upon which aspect of Dolenmir's being intrigued him. He was so familiar, yet so alien. Faramir saw an old man motioning for the boy to come closer. He handed Dolenmir a piece of bread. The hungry child wolfed down the bit like a ravenous creature and thanked the man with a graceful bow of his head. The old man stroked Dolenmir's hair as if he was his own grandson, then the child went into hiding again behind the door. Gazing after the hardy little being, the elderly man clicked his tongue and continue to gingerly munch the rest of his meager meal. Perhaps he knew the boy. Slowly and cautiously Faramir approached the old man and asked if he did not mind him sitting down. The old man smiled and the Steward sat down, trying not to be obvious in his observance of the old gentleman. He seemed to be in his sixties and quite decrepit for his age. Most of his teeth were either gone or rotten. His clothes were well-mended but still old. Even his dinner was scanty with no meat or anything of nutritional substance. All that lay on his plate were bread, potato and beans. Faramir wondered how the man could part with his inadequate meal and share it with Dolenmir. "May I ask a question or two, if you do not mind?" The old man made a gesture with his free hand to ask away to his hearts desire. "Who is that little boy you just gave food to?" After washing down his food with a bit of ale, the aged gentleman stared at Faramir with a curious glare. "Why do you want to know?" "I just wondered why he is hiding in rooms and not playing outside." Managing to chortle a little with a hoarse voice, the elderly coughed and wheezed a little before answering his new companion. "Yes, the laddie ought to be rolling in a patch of green grass, he should." "Why is the boy not doing just that?" The old man cocked a brow at Faramir. The line of questioning was obviously suspicious, but the Steward could not help himself. The younger man fingered his short beard as he tried to avert the suspicion. "I was just curious…I saw him being beaten today and wondered if his parents know about this." "No, they don't," muttered the man before drinking a bit of his ale. "They don't know about the beating." "You seem acquainted enough. Why don't you do something?" There was a bit of anger and resentment in the old man's eyes as