Ascension Disclaimer: I am not Rick Riordan Percy Pov The battle with Kronos The bridge to Olympus was dissolving before our very eyes. Where stepped out of the elevator and onto the white marble walkway, and almost immediately cracks began to creep at our feet. "Jump!" Grover yelled, which was easier for him since he was part goat. "Gods, I hate heights!" Thalia yelled as she and I leaped. Annabeth was in no shape to jump. She stumbled and nearly fell over and she yelled. "Percy!" I caught her hand as the pavement fell, crumbling to dust. For a second I thought she was going to pull us both over. Her feet dangled in the open. Her hand started to slip until I was holding her by her fingers; her eyes were alight with fear invading her proud stormy grey eyes. Then Grover and Thalia grabbed my legs, and I found extra bit of strength. Annabeth was not going to fall on my watch. I pulled her up and we lay trembling on the pavement. I didn't realise we had our arms around each other until she suddenly tensed. "Um, thanks" she muttered visibly shaken I tried to say don't mention it, but it came out as, "Uh, duh" "Keep moving" Grover tugged my shoulder. We untangled ourselves and sprinted across the bridge of Olympia as more stones disintegrated and fell into oblivion. We make it to the edge of the mountain just as the final section collapsed. Annabeth looked back at the elevator, which was now completely out of reach, a polished set of metal doors hanging in space, attached to nothing, six hundred stories above Manhattan. "We're marooned" she said. "On our own" "Blah-ha-ha!" Grover bleated. "The connection between Olympus and America is dissolving. If it falls-" "The gods' wont move on to another country this time," Thalia said "This will be the end of Olympus. The final end" We ran through the streets. Mansions were burning. Statues had been hacked down. Trees in the parks were blasted to splinters. It looked someone had attacked the city with a giant weedwacker. "Kronos' scythe," I said We followed the winding path towards the palace of the gods. I didn't remember the road being so long. Maybe Kronos was slowing down the flow of time around us, or perhaps it was just slowing me down. The whole mountaintop was in ruins so many beautiful buildings and gardens were now gone. A few minor gods and nature spirits had tried to stop Kronos. What remained of them was strewn about the road: Shattered armour, ripped clothing, swords and spears broken in half. Somewhere ahead of us, Kronos roared: "Brick by Brick! That was my promise. Tear it down BRICK BY BRICK!" A white marble temple with a gold dome suddenly exploded. The dome shot up like the lid of steaming teapot and shattered into billions of pieces, raining rubble over the city. "That was the shrine of Artemis" Thalia grumbled. "He'll pay for that" We were running under the marble archway with the huge statues of Zeus and Hera when the entire mountain groaned, rocks sliding down like a boat in a storm. "Look out!" Grover yelped. The archway crumbled. I looked up in time to see twenty ton scowling Hera topples over on us. Annabeth and I would have been flattened, but Thalia shoved us from behind and we landed out of danger. "Thalia" Grover cried When the dust cleared and the mountain stopped rocking, we found her still alive, but her legs were pinned under the statue. We tried desperately to move it, but it would have taken several Cyclopes. When we tried to pull Thalia out from under it she yelled in pain. "I survived all those battles," She growled, "and I get defeated by a stupid chunk of rock!" "It's Hera" Annabeth said in outrage. "She's had it in for me all year" "Her statue would have killed me if you hadn't pushed us away" Thalia grimaced "Well, don't just stand there! I'll be fine. Go!" "We'll be back" I promised. "I'm not going anywhere" Thalia groaned. A fireball erupted on the side of the mountain, right near the gates of the palace. "We have got to run" I said." "I don't suppose you mean AWAY" Grover murmured hopefully I sprinted towards the palace, with Annabeth right behind me. "I was afraid of that" Grover sighed, and clip clopped after us. The doors of the palace were big enough to steer a cruise ship through, but they were ripped off their hinges and smashed like they weighed nothing. We had to climb over a huge pile of broken stone and twisted metal to get inside. Kronos stood in the middle of the throne room, his arms wide staring at the starry ceiling as if taking it all in. His laughter echoed even louder than it had from the pit of Tartarus. "Finally!" He bellowed. "The Olympian Council so proud and mighty. Which seat of power shall I destroy first?" Ethan Nakamura stood to one side, trying to stay out of the way of his master's scythe. The hearth was almost dead, just a few coals glowing deep in the ashes. Hestia was nowhere to be seen. Neither was Rachel. I hoped she was okay, but I'd seen so much destruction I was afraid to think about it. The Ophiotaurus swam in his water sphere in a far corner of the room wisely not making a sound, but it wouldn't be long before Kronos noticed him. Annabeth, Grover and I stepped forward into the torchlight. Ethan saw us first. "My Lord," he warned. Kronos turned and smiled through Luke's face. Except for the glowing molten gold eyes that were filled with malice, cruelty and the will to dominate all life, he looked the same as he had four year prior to today, when he had welcomed me into the Hermes cabin. Annabeth had a pained look on her face and emitted and a painful sound in the back of her throat, like someone had just sucker punched her. "Shall I destroy you first, Jackson?" Kronos asked. "Is that the choice you will make to fight me and die instead of bowing down? Prophecies never end well, you know" "Luke would fight me with swords" I said "But I suppose you don't have the skill" Kronos sneered. His scythe began to change, until he held Luke's old weapon, Backbiter, with it's half steel, half celestial bronze blade. Next to me Annabeth gasped like she suddenly had an idea. "Percy, the blade!" she unsheathed her dagger. " The hero's soul the cursed blade shall reap " I didn't understand why she was reminding me of that prophecy right now. It wasn't exactly a morale booster, but before I could say anything, Kronos raised his sword. "Wait!" Annabeth yelled. Kronos came at me like a whirlwind. I felt my instincts taking over. I dodged and slashed and rolled, but I felt as though I was fighting against multiple warriors at once, at the corner of my eye I saw Ethan attempting to sneak up behind me, but he was thwarted by Annabeth with her dagger, Grover meanwhile was playing a tune on his reed pipes. The sound of his tune filled me with warmth and courage. Kronos backed me up to the throne of Hephaestus, which was a huge mechanical la-Z-boy type of throne that was adorned with gears. Kronos slashed and I managed to jump straight up into the seat. The throne whirred and hummed with gears Defence mode, It rang, Defence mode I didn't want to find out what that mode was, so I jumped straight down over Kronos' head as the throne shot tendrils of electricity in all directions. One spark hit Kronos' face, arching down his body and up his sword. "ARG!" he crumpled to the ground dropping Backbiter. Annabeth saw this as a chance and kicked Ethan out of the way and charged at Kronos. "Luke, listen" I wanted to shout at her, to tell her she was crazy for trying to reason with Kronos, but there was no time. Kronos flicked his hand. Annabeth flew backwards, slamming into the throne of her mother and crumpling on the floor. "Annabeth" I screamed. I felt something in me rapture and it gave off a tingling sensation before it went away, so I thought. Ethan got to his feet. He now stood between Annabeth and me. I could afford to fight him without turning my back on Kronos. Grover's music took a more urgent tune. He moved toward Annabeth, but he couldn't go any faster and keep up the tune. Grass grew on the floor of the throne room. Tiny roots crept through the cracks on the floor. Kronos raised to his knee, his hair smouldered. His face contorted with undiluted rage and electrical burns. He reached for his sword, but this time it did not fly to him. "Nakamura" he groaned in pain from the electricity. "Time to prove yourself, you know where is my grandson's mortal point, kill him and you shall be rewarded" Ethan's eyes dropped to my midsection and I was sure he knew my mortal point. Even though we both know he doesn't have the power or skill to do it himself without stealth, but all he had to do was tell Kronos. There was no way I would be able to defend myself forever. "Look around Ethan" I said. "The end of the world will be you only reward, is it what you want? Everything will be laid to waste. Everything, he is not going to reward you with riches" "There is no throne to Nemesis," Ethan said "No throne to my mother" "That's right" Kronos tried to convince Ethan. "Strike them down! They must suffer" "You said your mom is the goddess of balance" I reminded him. "The minor god deserve better, Ethan, but total destruction is not balance, Kronos will destroy, not build" Ethan looked unsure for a moment before he charged at Kronos and hand his blade at the Titan's neck but the blade shattered on contact. Ethan fell backwards, grasping his stomach. A shard of the blade had pierced his armour. Kronos rose. "Treason" he snarled Ethan stared at me in pain. "They deserve better" Kronos stomped his feet and the ground beneath Ethan fell away and he fell through the crevice on the mountaintop. "Now for the rest of you" Kronos said picking up his sword. When my eyes landed on Annabeth that strange sensation returned, but this time it was stronger than before, it was as if every cell in my body was being plunged into the five river of the underworld and then being burnt and cooled at the same time. I felt an unknown power awaken in me, the power was so overwhelming it felt as if it had no end, but that feeling was washed over by the pain. I crumpled to the ground writhing in pain. Moments later my whole body laid slack, I was unable to move or even scream, the pain was so strong, I felt tears well up in my eyes, but I couldn't cry, I was frozen in my torment. I saw Kronos bellowing in laughter. "What happened grandson?" he asked, walking towards Annabeth and a frightened looking Grover and I was unable to move "Paralysed in fear are we" The pain was so intense that I began to pass out, but I was in too much pain to actually pass out, so I stayed awake and watched on hopelessly in horror. Suddenly the pain stopped and I felt myself grow a few inches taller, I felt my muscles increasing and then it came, I could feel my essence being connecting with the universe, I could feel the flow of water, I could feel as storms formed around the world, I felt the shifting and changing of the