The night is dark outside, no stars, no moon, just the cold winds pouring through the window he left open. Peeta wraps the blankets tighter around his body. It's still no defense against the freezing winter winds. Just like covering his ears does not stop any of the heated arguments between his parents from coming through the window. One of the many problems when your bedroom is right above your parents'. Peeta grumbles in the back of his throat. 'She just stopped by to apologize. There was nothing else going on.' His father's voice is low but cold. 'She said the girl is sick. She hoped we can forgive her.' 'Forgive? Your damned ex-girlfriend ordered? Are you out of your stupid mind?' The pitch of his mother's voice is rising. 'That bitch's daughter threatened to kill me in front of the entire Panem!' 'Why do you think she did it?' His father's voice is a little shaky, 'She thought you were going to hit the boy!' So he does know. And all these years he has never said a word. Peeta rolls the ice cold pillow around his head. It does no good in muffling out any of it. 'That dimwit should have died in the arena to save me all the disgrace!' His mother grates the words out between her teeth. 'He lets that crazy little bitch make such a damned fool out of us! On TV!' Peeta almost chuckled. It was their first day back in the district, and his mother asked him to help with the move. His new leg wasn't really working well and carrying a heavy cardboard box with both hands sent him slipping all over the place. He almost tripped. Katniss' family had fewer things to move, so her family and the Hawthorns were already settling around the kitchen table for dinner. So it really surprised him when she rushed out of her house waving a broom, sprinted across the lawn, broke down his door, kicked the boxes out of her way, and chased her mother around his new house while his completely stunned brothers and his father watching by. 'I did not risk my life to save him just for her to kill him again!' Katniss proudly told TV crew from the Capitol, who was busy capturing every second of it on film. Prim said that Katniss is suffering from something called PTSD. That's why she's always on the edge, why she behaves as if they had never left the arena. Cato and Clove were still out there to take their lives and the mutts were still coming, ready to tear their throats out and eat them alive. One of the experts interviewed by Caesar said that she must have mistaken his mother as one of the many enemies they had in the arena, and has become obsessed with it. To her, the games have never ended. They are still in the arena. Everything and everybody around them has set out to hurt Peeta, hurt them. Worst and foremost of them is his mother. But to most of the Capitol, Katniss is not this wounded little girl who is forever lost in the labyrinth of the arena. It's something else. Something simple and they can all relate to, something Caesar Flickerman called 'the most ancient never ending strife of human kind'-a classic fight between the mother and daughter in law. 'It is war.' Said the head gamemaker for their games, Seneca Crane. 'A serious one. The last battle our star crossed lovers have to fight to find their utmost happiness. Unfortunately, as we all know, it is the most difficult one.' He declared with a solemn face. 'So we the great people from the Capitol have to do whatever we can to help them. The games have not ended. I repeat. The games have not ended. The Games Central is still open for business and we are still accepting sponsorship and gifts. In fact, we will be holding a new sponsors party this weekend.' Caesar added, 'And it will be broadcast live. All the luminaries of the Capitol will be there, including our favorite victor, Finnick O'Dair.' He winked at the audience, 'and a very, very special guest bringing us some very juicy insider details all the way from District 12, Haymitch Abernathy!' The Capitol audience applauded and responded enthusiastically to Crane's call. They have been showering Katniss with all kinds of gifts-bows, arrows, all types of weapons and personal armors that are enough to equip a full platoon. Due to popular demand, Seneca Crane wanted to add automatic assault rifles, grenade rockets, armored vehicles, and tanks on the sponsor gift list, but was vetoed by President Snow for national security reasons. But he did manage to add professional reconnaissance equipment after the whole nation witnessed Katniss hiding like an ostrich in the brushes in front of his house to 'keeping watch'. When Peeta started to help out in the bakery again, they sponsored a 'watch tower' to be constructed up in the old apple tree in the backyard, fully equipped with all the luxuries the Capitol could think of. The funny thing is that this time Katniss is not the only one getting all the gifts. The good people of District 3 jumped in to send him specially designed wireless communication devices after seeing how he called Katniss down for lunch on TV—using both of his lungs as bullhorns. In a word, it has been a disaster since the day they disembarked the train. Peeta sighs as he pulls out of the bed inch by inch—no matter how cold it is, it's still way better than walking in the cold. He stumbles across the room towards the window, shivering, and looks out of the window. There is a thick layer of snow covering everything, the ground, the lawn, the bushes, and the roofs. The entire town is dark and quiet, deep in their sleep. Even the 'nest'—the mobile filming platform on the lawn—is empty. Three months after they came back from Capitol, the TV crew still haven't left. The Capitol audience love every minute of the footage they send back and keep on crying out for more. Peeta shakes his head and bites his teeth down to keep them from chattering as the shivering snaking down his spine vertebrate by vertebrate. It's almost completely dark outside. The only dim lights still blickering are the few porch lamps in the Victors village. His, Haymitch's, the TV crew's and Katniss'. He looks down the lawn at her house. It's all dark. Katniss' bedroom is also on the third floor, an insurmountable height for him to conquer even if he still had both of his legs whole. Peeta knocks on the window sill, wondering if Katniss is still keeping her watch with the high tech binocular sent to her by Beetee, a victor inventor from District 3. There is no response. It's late. She must have already snuggled down comfortably in her bed wrapped in all the fluffy cozy blankets. Besides there is no need to spy on her mother tonight—they could hear her yelling all the way from the ruins in District 13. He pushes the windows close. Peeta slumps back into the bed, staring at the ceiling, and pretends what he hears is the birds singing in the trees, as he has done since he was a little boy. It works. He drifts in and out of a dream... Clove waving her knives and charging down at Katniss… Cato has her neck locked within his elbow, ready for a twist… The green eyes of the mutt, cold, shining in the dark, staring at them… Peeta suddenly jerks out of the 'dream'. Something is staring at the back of his head. He's almost sure. He leans on his arms, slowly turns his head around toward the window. There they are, pressed flush against his window, just like the rest of the face, the nose, the cheeks, and the mouth. With the dim light from his porch, he can see that they are not green, but grey, the deep silvery hue of grey that haunts his dreams day and night. In the dark, he can tell that they are fixed on him, steady, as motionless as a pair of searching lights on their foci. 'Katniss!' Peeta almost falls out of the bed. He quickly scrambles up, rushes over, yanks the window open, pulls her inside and lifts her off the window sills. She's as cold as a block of ice. He carries her over and sets her down on his bed. What was she thinking? Her silk night gown is paper-thin and barely covers half of her body. It feels like an ice sheet in his hands when he pulls it off. 'What are you doing there?' 'Check…' Her teeth are chattering, 'traps…' Her shaking fingers point to his door. The traps. The compromise their respective parents and Katniss agreed upon after she insisted that she couldn't trust his mother, especially not when he is sleeping. It beats her keeping vigil in his room, all night, with her bow and arrow aiming at the door. Katniss takes the traps very seriously. She recruited the help of their instructors in the training center, talked for hours with Cinna and Beetee on the phone, but ironically, after all the trouble, she decided that the original designs contributed by Gale were still the best. It took her and Gale three weekends to have them fully set up, and they have been working on improvements every Sunday ever since, which has driven both of them crazy. For him, it's watching the girl he loves working side by side with her 'real boyfriend'. For Gale, it's spending every free minute he has working in the bedroom of his girl's 'pretended lover'. But Katniss just doesn't get it. She's obsessed with the traps. She comes in every morning before dawn to switch the traps off for the day, and comes in every night to reset them before they go to bed. He thought she would not come tonight-it was so cold and dark and his parents were still up, yelling at each other before he closed the windows. He swears that he will never ever do that again. 'Why didn't you call me?' Peeta points to the gold communication device with the mocking jay and crossing star engravings on the night stand. Katniss stares at him, as if her brain is too frozen for her to understand. After a couple of moments, her body starts to shiver under Peeta's constant rubs. 'You were sleeping…' She looks at him, still puzzled by his question. Peeta understands. Sleep has been scarce for both of them since they came back. Nightmares. They have become so familiar with each other's nighttime screams. He wraps his arms around her shivering body, lays her down gently and pulls up the blankets, 'Let's warm you up.' It's kind of hard to imagine that a person with feet as silent as a deer in the woods could be so loud and clumsy under other circumstances. But it is already too late when he is reminded for the three hundredth time of this side of Katniss. 'Peeta! What the hell are you doing up there?' His mother's high pitched screams pierce through layers of concrete, bricks and wood planks, and resonates between the walls. He should have known it! Peeta wants to pound his fist on the bed. He should have known that neither of his parents could go back to sleep after a fight that like. He grunts and shouts back, 'Nothing. I...I fell from the bed!' 'Are you OK?' This time it's his dad, 'Did you hurt yourself?'. 'No. I am absolutely fine!' He shouts back, 'I am going back to sleep!' 'I am coming up,' His father insists, 'I will keep you company for the night. The floor here is so damned cold and uncomfortable!' 'There's no