Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson, though I can always wish Takes place during the meeting after Percy defeated Kronos and he is telling his wish to the Gods in the throne room. "PERCY JACKSON!" Poseidon announced. My name echoed around the chamber. All talking died down. The room was silent except for the crackle of the hearth fire. Everyone's eyes were on me-all the gods, the demigods, the Cyclopes, the spirits. I walked into the middle of the throne room. Hestia smiled at me reassuringly. She was in the form of a girl now, and she seemed happy and content to be sitting by her fire again. Her smile gave me courage to keep walking. First I bowed to Zeus. Then I knelt at my father's feet. "Rise, my son," Poseidon said. I stood uneasily. "A great hero must be rewarded," Poseidon said. "Is there anyone here who would deny that my son is deserving?" I waited for someone to pipe up. The gods never agreed on anything, and many of them still didn't like me, but not a single one protested. "The Council agrees," Zeus said. "Percy Jackson, you will have one gift from the gods." I hesitated. "Any gift?" Zeus nodded grimly. "I know what you will ask. The greatest gift of all. Yes, if you want it, it shall be yours. The gods have not bestowed this gift on a mortal hero in many centuries, but, Perseus Jackson – if you wish it – you shall be made a god. Immortal. Undying. You shall serve as your father's lieutenant for all time." I stared at him, stunned. "Um . . . a god?" Zeus rolled his eyes. "A dimwitted god, apparently. But yes. With the consensus of the entire Council, I can make you immortal. Then I will have to put up with you forever." "Hmm," Ares mused. "That means I can smash him to a pulp as often as I want, and he'll just keep coming back for more. I like this idea." "I approve as well," Athena said, though she was looking at Annabeth. I glanced back. Annabeth was trying not to meet my eyes. Her face was pale. I flashed back to two years ago, when I'd thought she was going to take the pledge to Artemis and become a Hunter. I'd been on the edge of a panic attack, thinking that I'd lose her. Now, she looked pretty much the same way. I thought about the Three Fates, and the way I'd seen my life flash by. I could avoid all that. No aging, no death, no body in the grave. I could be a teenager forever, in top condition, powerful, and immortal, serving my father. I could have power and eternal life. Who could refuse that? Then I looked at Annabeth again. I thought about my friends from camp: Charles Beckendorf, Michael Yew, Silena Beauregard, so many others who were now dead. I thought about Ethan Nakamura and Luke. And I knew what to do. "No," I said. The Council was silent. The gods frowned at each other like they must have misheard. "No?" Zeus said. "You are . . . turning down our generous gift?" There was a dangerous edge to his voice, like a thunderstorm about to erupt. "I'm honored and everything," I said. "Don't get me wrong. It's just . . . I've got a lot of life left to live. I'd hate to peak in my sophomore year." The gods were glaring at me, but Annabeth had her hands over her mouth. Her eyes were shining. And that kind of made up for it. "I do want a gift, though," I said. "Do you promise to grant my wish?" Zeus thought about this. "If it is within our power." "It is," I said. "And it's not even difficult. But I need your promise on the River Styx." "Someone once told me," I said, looking at Hades, "you should always get a solemn oath." Hades shrugged. "Guilty." "Very well!" Zeus growled. "In the name of the Council, we swear by the River Styx to grant your reasonable request as long as it is within our power." The other gods muttered assent. Thunder boomed, shaking the throne room. The deal was made. "From now on, I want to you properly recognize the children of the gods," I said. "All the children . . . of all the gods." The Olympians shifted uncomfortably. "Percy," my father said, "what exactly do you mean?" "Kronos couldn't have risen if it hadn't been for a lot of demigods who felt abandoned by their parents," I said. "They felt angry, resentful, and unloved, and they had a good reason." Zeus's royal nostrils flared. "You dare accuse-" "No more undetermined children," I said. "I want you to promise to claim your children – all your demigod children – by the time they turn thirteen. They won't be left out in the world on their own at the mercy of monsters. I want them claimed and brought to camp so they can be trained right, and survive." "Now, wait just a moment," Apollo said, but I was on a roll. "And the minor gods," I said. "Nemesis, Hecate, Morpheus, Janus, Hebe-they all deserve a general amnesty and a place at Camp Half-Blood. Their children shouldn't be ignored. Calypso and the other peaceful Titan-kind should be pardoned too. And Hades-" "Are you calling me a minor god ?" Hades bellowed. "No, my lord," I said quickly. "But your children should not be left out. They should have a cabin at camp. Nico has proven that. No unclaimed demigods will be crammed into the Hermes cabin anymore, wondering who their parents are. They'll have their own cabins, for all the gods. And no more pact of the Big Three. That didn't work anyway. You've got to stop trying to get rid of powerful demigods. We're going to train them and accept them instead. All children of the gods will be welcome and treated with respect. That is my wish." Zeus snorted. "Is that all?" "Percy," Poseidon said, "you ask much. You presume much." "I hold you to your oath," I said. "All of you." I got a lot of steely looks. Strangely, it was Athena who spoke up: "The boy is correct. We have been unwise to ignore our children. It proved a strategic weakness in this war and almost caused our destruction. Percy Jackson, I have had my doubts about you, but perhaps"-she glanced at Annabeth, and then spoke as if the words had a sour taste-"perhaps I was mistaken. I move that we accept the boy's plan." "Humph," Zeus said. "Being told what to do by a mere child. But I suppose . . ." "All in favor," Hermes said. All the Gods raised their hands and a blinding light filled the throne room, causing everyone, even the Gods, to cover their eyes. When the light disappeared they noticed all the demigods besides Annabeth, Percy, Thalia, Nico, Grover and Tyson disappeared. While looking around in panic, they noticed a book sitting on the floor in between the Gods and Demigods. It was a fairly thick book with a sea green cover and silver writing that no one could make out. Hermes was the one to move first. He crossed the room and gently picked the book up, as if afraid it was about to bite him. His eyes widened upon reading the cover and he looked almost panicked. He stood staring at the book for a few minutes more until Zeus finally lost his patience. "Well Hermes?" He thundered. "What is the meaning of this?" Hermes looked up at all the worried and anxious faces and gulped. "It is a book." Zeus rolled his eyes. "Yes we can see that. But why does this book make you act like that?" Hermes gulped again and, with a panicked glance at Poseidon and Percy, said, "It says, The Son of Neptune milord." Everything stilled. Poseidon's eyes widened and Percy shared a glance with Annabeth. "What," Poseidon began slowly, "is a book about my son doing here?" Hermes opened the book and looked for some answers. He found them when he saw the publishing date. "This book is from the future!" Chaos began. Gods were yelling amongst themselves while the demigods began to fuss over Percy, though trying not to be obvious. "Guys!" Percy yelled at them. They stopped their badgering at once. "If that book is from the future, how would I know what is going to happen?" They all looked abashed. They admitted asking Percy what he did and if he was ok was stupid. After all, how was he to know the answer to that as well? Zeus, again, seemed to grow impatient. "Silence!" He boomed, ceasing all noise in the room. "Hermes," he continued in a controlled voice, obviously trying hard not to yell again, "is there anything in there that will tell us if the book is truly from the future or not?" Hermes looked some more and finally seemed to find a sticky note in the back of the book. He cleared his throat and began to read. Dear Gods and Demigods, I have seen the future and it is not something I wish would come about. So, to change it, for the better, I have sent you all a book from the future. This book takes place eight months from now and is very important. You cannot make any decisions until after you have finished the book. I shall also send some other people as well, from the future and the present. I am also the one responsible for your missing friends, but they were not needed for the reading. The people from the future may answer any questions you ask, but if they so choose they do not have to. They will arrive momentarily. Good luck, Chaos Silence descended the throne room once again. Everyone seemed to be in a type of shock. It was finally broken by Athena. "B-but that is impossible!" She spluttered. "Lord Chaos never takes action in the world." "As impossible as it seems," Hades grumbled, "it is undeniably true." Athena fell silent. Everyone was waiting, on edge, for the "guests" arrived. And arrive they did. Another brilliant light erupted out of nowhere, again causing people to shield their eyes. When it disappeared, everyone was staring in shock at the visitors. They could tell right away that there were only three people from their time with the group. They each looked as though they just came from war, which they did. Sally Jackson was looking around the room in awe, not yet realizing her son was standing across the room. Paul was gaping at the Gods in amazement, his mouth wide open, causing some amused looks. The third person from their time drew raised eyebrows. It was Rachel Elizabeth Dare. She was looking at everything with curiosity and awe. She looked as though she were itching to get her sketchbook and pencils and draw everything. The ones from the future were much more surprising. Thalia was standing in front of everyone else, wearing her famous death to Barbie t-shirt. She had a scowl on her face and seemed to have extreme sadness in her eyes. Nico was standing slightly behind Thalia and looked even more depressed than usual. (They are from before Nico finds Percy at camp Jupiter.) There were three demigods that no one recognized. There was a boy with blonde hair and had a scar on his face, with blue eyes. He held himself with more confidence than the other two. He had a look about him, as though he were missing something very important. The other boy seemed to have curly brown hair and elfish features. He was grinning broadly at everyone. The other was a beautiful girl. She had long brown locks and kaleidoscope eyes, she also had a dagger strapped to her