Hi! Yes I am back with another Rose/Scorpius story! After I finished It's Always an Uphill Battle , I honestly did not think I was going to write another fic. And yet, under a month later, I am back again starting a new story. I couldn't get this idea out of my head, and I already have the whole story mapped out and outlined. It's going to be 20 chapters, so not as long as It's Always an Uphill Battle. Also, just in case someone is wondering: THIS IS NOT AN It's Always an Uphill Battle SEQUEL. Yes it is Scorose, but they have a completely different history. Also, starting next chapter, flashbacks will be used throughout the story to provide little moments of Rose and Scorpius while they were dating at Hogwarts. So I hope you enjoy and PLEASE REVIEW! It makes me so happy and I want to know your thoughts! The cool breeze that entered Rose Weasley's window caused her to shiver, effectively waking her up. Although it was summertime, Rose was still wrapped up in blankets, creating a cocoon. She had the day off from her part time job at the Ministry, effectively guaranteeing she would stay in bed until past noon. Her newest book sat on her dresser which meant Rose would not go downstairs for sometime. Rose's mother and father also had the day off, while her brother was off in Romania working with their uncle Charlie at a dragon reserve. At age 21 Rose still lived at home, and yet she was not ashamed of it. She did not see the need to find her own place when she could live rent free without having to cook. Besides, her parents gave her relatively enough space, and it wasn't like she was bringing blokes home. That would create awkward situations Rose just knew to avoid. Finally admitting she was not going to fall back asleep, Rose sat up and grabbed her book. She opened to chapter three, "Everyday Charms for Your Average Witch," and began to read. Before she could get lost in the book, an owl started incessantly tapping on her window. Rose stood up, mildly cursing as she tripped on her shoes on the floor, gave the owl a treat and took the letter from its beak. Seeing the seal was from Hogwarts, she hurriedly ripped open the envelope. The letter fell out, and Rose read the parchment as fast as she possibly could. Dear Ms. Weasley , I am delighted to inform you that you have been offered the post as the new Charms professor at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry for the upcoming term. Your stellar NEWT scores and love for the subject made you the obvious choice. I am excited to see the impact you will make on your students and the touch you put on the Charms curriculum. You must come to Hogwarts by August 25, a week before the students will arrive. In addition, you will be provided living quarters, as requested, on the school grounds. I look forward to seeing you and wish you good luck with your first term as a professor! Best, Filius Flitwick Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Rose screamed once she had read the letter and started jumping up and down like a little girl. She could not believe that her childhood wish was coming true: she was going to be a professor at Hogwarts! Ever since her first year, she had fallen in love with the subject of charms and hoped to teach it one day. Professor Flitwick had been so instructive, and yet Rose hoped to put her own twist on the subject. So when Teddy, current Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, had notified her that Flitwick was set to take over as Headmaster, she applied for his old position. From the moment she arrived back at Hogwarts for her interview Rose knew that this was where she was meant to be. She was very nervous, but when she had finished speaking with Flitwick she had a good feeling about her prospects for the position. Charms always had been her best subject and she had been one of Flitwick's favorite students, after all. A few moments after Rose's outburst of excitement, her father ran into her room, wand in hand, worried that his daughter had been brutally attacked. "Bloody hell, Rosie, are you alright? I heard screaming," Ron muttered, relieved that his daughter seemed to be fine. "Oh, dad, you'll never believe it! I got the letter today that I got the job at Hogwarts! You are now looking at Professor Rose Weasley!" she screamed, her grin encapsulating her entire face. "Rosie, that's wonderful! Just wait until your mother hears about this," he said hugging his daughter and yelling downstairs for his wife. "Hermione! Come up here!" "Ronald what is it?" Hermione asked before seeing her daughter so happy and the letter she held in her hand. She immediately put the pieces together and tears formed in her eyes. "Rose this is amazing! You've always wanted to be a professor and you're going to be the best Hogwarts has ever seen and I'm so proud of you!" Rose thanked her parents and nudged them out of the room as her mother continued to talk about lesson plans and demonstrations she could do. Rose was still so shocked; she would be able to impart knowledge on the minds of the future. She was going back to Hogwarts, her true home. XXX A month later Rose stood in her living room, eying the large banner her father had put up that said: Congratulations Rose! She was all packed and set to leave for Hogwarts the next day and her parents had decided to throw her a going away party. Her mother, along with the help of Nana Weasley, had cooked enough food to feed all of the Wizengamot. Rose had told her parents that this party was unnecessary, but they had claimed that it would be a good chance for her large family to say goodbye. After some hesitation Rose acquiesced, knowing how much she would miss her cousins and this would be a good opportunity to spend one last time all together before Christmas. Soon, family started arriving and she hardly had a chance to breathe. Her brother, Hugo, had even taken a portkey back from Romania for the special day. She was being constantly hugged by aunts, uncles, and cousins while they continued to ask her questions such as "how much are you being paid?" to "how many detentions do you think you'll give this term?" Rose was at least thankful that all of her cousins had graduated from Hogwarts, so she would not be accused of favoritism. However, as it was her first year and she was somewhat nervous, she was glad that Teddy would be there to help her along the way. Besides him, her cousin, Victoire, and Teddy's wife of three years, also resided at Hogwarts. Vic was a columnist for the Daily Prophet, so she was able to work from any location. Before she had a moment to sample any of her nana's delicious food, she knew to avoid her mother's, she was dragged outside by her cousin, Albus. Rose pushed her busy red hair out of her face and huffed as Albus proceeded to talk to her. "Look, Al, I'll be fine. I mean, Teddy and Vic will be there so it's not like I'll be all by myself," she said, rolling her eyes. "I know, Rose. It's just you're going to be surrounded by teenagers, so it's not like you'll have a lot of people your age to spend your free time with." "Al, I didn't want to become a professor to boost my social life! Come on, you know I'll be fine and you can floo by and visit me whenever you want." While Rose was making this offer, she knew Albus would only be sparingly available to take her up on it. As a member of the Puddlemere quidditch team, he was often busy. Besides, Rose knew she would be fine. It was never like she was a social butterfly that went out to pubs every night anyway. When she met a friend, or even a guy, it was usually through family. But that came with dangerous territory because there was a lot of people who wanted to befriend Rose, or even date her, because her last name was Weasley. And, Merlin, she hated those people. "I'm not concerned about how many times you have friends over for tea," her cousin Lily interrupted, "I'm concerned about how you'll be able to meet guys at Hogwarts. You're stuck in the middle of nowhere and the only men you'll see that are under age 50 are Teddy and Uncle Neville!" Rose rolled her eyes. Her cousin was always involving herself in Rose's love life and she just wanted Lily to, well, fuck off. It was none of her business whether Rose regularly went on dates or not. And besides, all of the men Lily had set her up with had been duds. "Lil, I'll be fine. Seriously dating is the last of my concerns at the moment." "C'mon, Rosie, ever since Scor-" Rose's glare stopped Lily dead in her tracks. Lily had momentarily forgotten that they didn't mention him anymore. Lily seemed to gain her composure before continuing. "Fine. I hate to tell you, but you've better get a move on because you're not getting any younger." Albus pretended he had not heard that comment as he did not want to hear about his cousin's love life, while Rose stuck her tongue out at her younger cousin as she went back inside. Sometimes Rose wished she had a family that didn't meddle in all of her business. Granted, that would be a lot easier starting tomorrow when she was in another country. XXX Rose hugged her parents one last time before grabbing onto the portkey along with her belongings. Not wanting to apparate such a long distance, she held tightly onto the portkey while making sure not to drop her trunk. She would need to find a new wardrobe and collection of books if she dropped it now while high up in the air. She slightly stumbled but regained her balance as she landed and started to make her way towards the gate that guards the castle. Rose waved when she saw Flitwick on the other side of the gate, raising his wand to open it for her. "Rose, my dear, it is wonderful to see you!" He squeaked, giving her a brief hug. "You too! I know it had been announced last time we spoke, but let me offer you an official congratulations on becoming headmaster." "Thank you. It was so kind for Minerva to think of me when she retired. Alas, I don't know how long I will be at it though since I am aging quite a bit myself," he said as he headed back towards the castle and Rose followed. Rose nodded, silently agreeing. She had always liked Professor Flitwick, but she sometimes found him a little to sentimental for her tastes. Maybe it was the numerous generation gaps or just her upbringing, but Rose could never be as cheery or even emotional as he was. "Now I am still waiting on one more professor to arrive, so I must leave you here," Flitwick said once he and Rose had passed the Great Hall. "I trust that you can find your office and living quarters, both of which are attached to the charms classroom. Now I will see you at dinner. I hear the elves have prepared a marvelous feast for us!" Flitwick then vanished out of sight, leaving Rose to finish her walk alone. However, this did not bother Rose as she was free to truly take her time. It had only been four