Hey all, this is my first attempt at an M rated story. I've been on here a long time, and I made a new account for more mature stories. It was early December when I heard a cry from my father as he got up off the couch. I was twelve at the time, "Honey what's wrong?" asked my mom. "My shoulder again," he said, "I'm seeing the doctor tomorrow." "Did you pull it dad?" I asked him. "I think I did," he told me, "It hurts pretty bad." The next day when he came back from the doctor's office telling my mom that they wanted a blood test. [ "Why?" she asked him. "I'm not sure," he said, "It's probably nothing." He then smiled and our family went out to dinner. I loved getting dressed up and eating in fancy restaurants. A few days later, my dad got the call that changed everything. He had leukemia. I cried and cried, then held onto Prim and cried harder. Mother just sat in her chair for three days straight, only getting up to use the washroom. Father was the only one who tried to put a smile on our faces. However, that changed when he started doing chemo. He had to move into the hospital. He was usually throwing up, or sick with something. I don't remember much of that Just that mom became distant, Prim became very quiet, and I just went to see dad as much as possible. They soon told us that it was terminal. He fought hard, but by the beginning of summer he was dead. His loss was hard, however, I knew that he wouldn't want us to loose ourselves in grief so I threw myself into my school life the summer after it happened. I wanted to change everything that reminded me of my dad, so I died my hair blonde, started dating Gale, and became friends with Madge, Glimmer, and Marvel. I stopped signing and took up cheerleading, stopped dressing in my band Tees and boots and started to wear mini skirts, and tank tops. Anything to stop the memories. We even moved houses. The first year without my dad my mom didn't do anything. She was useless. Thankfully we had the money from my father's death so I went grocery shopping, and Gale's mom Hazel helped us out a lot. The second year she met a man named Thread. I knew money was getting tight, but I didn't think she'd marry him. Sixteen-year-old Katniss "Hi Katniss. I'm Thread," said the man as he smiled at me and shook my hand. "Hi," I said avoiding his eye contact. I hate him already. I mean who purposes to someone while on a business trip, and then convinces them to move to a sketch place like the Seam in California. He greeted my mom with a kiss, and then greeted Prim with a handshake. I surveyed the man while he was preoccupied with talking to my mom. His hair was shaved to nonexistence, and he was a big man. He led us over to his car, which was a beat up police car. He was in the police force I guess. What was doing on a business trip in LA? His house was right in the middle of town, an inner city home. To top it off, the home was on top of the pizza parlor. My old home in LA was on the beach. We had to walk up these sketchy metal stairs and then he unlocked the door leading into the home. It had a small kitchen, and a few beat up couches. There was one bathroom on this floor and a bedroom. "Where do the girls sleep?" my mom asked him clearly appalled. "They sleep up there," he said pointing to a ladder, "They have their own bathroom." Prim and I climbed up the ladder and into the attic. It had two double beds, and a window, but other than that that was it. "Ew," I said. "This is awful," whispered Prim, "He's dirt poor." That night Prim and I went to bed without dinner. Thread and my mom went out to explore the town. Prim and I were supposed to make something, but we weren't really hungry. "Katniss are you nervous about school tomorrow?" she asked me. "A little," I told her. Thread proposed to my mom in April. They then got married in the summer, and we were to move in the day before school starter. He took the liberty of getting us enrolled. "This town is scary," she said, "I mean I've heard all kinds of stories about the Seam from Rory." Rory is Gale's younger brother. The Hawthorne's are a great family. They grew up in the Seam too, and moved to LA when I was eleven and Prim was ten. Next door to us actually. They stuck out a school, because they had dark hair, unlike the majority of kids. Gale and Rory used to always tell us stories of the fights, and how many people owned guns, and how dangerous it was. The thought that I lived here now scared me a little. "It's okay," I told her, "I'm sure it won't be that bad." "I don't understand why mom would marry him," Prim whispered, "I know that she wasted most of dad's money, but why not marry a rich man." "I think Thread tricked her," I told Prim, "I mean you saw how shocked she was. I think she thought he was high up in the Police force or something. I mean remember meeting him. He looked so well put together in that fancy suit and watch." "If he tricked her then that's not a good sign," said Prim. "If she was able to be tricked that's not a good sign either," I reminded Prim. I'm pretty much fed up with mom. I mean the first year she just sat there being sad, then the second year she got a bunch of surgery done to look younger, and kept going on vacations. She's been an awful mother. It took Prim and I a while to decide what to wear the next day until I settled on a jean mini skirt, and a tank top with a cardigan, and Prim on a romper. Mom and Thread were still sleeping by the time we left. It was a short walk to the school. When we got to the school it was clear that everyone was dark skinned, or olive skin and dark hair. No one was Asian, and no one had blonde hair. Prim and I stuck out like a sore thumb. "I'm scared," Prim whispered. "Me too," I said as I reminded myself to breath. I turned to my left and saw that I fight had just broke out and everyone was running towards it. "I can't believe dad came from this place," I told Prim. "He did?" "Yeah, he worked incredibly hard to become a doctor. Then he met mom and married her. I look like some of these people," I told her. "How did you know that?" she asked me. "Father told me in the hospital… Okay look, if anything happens just run out of there okay? Don't fight." "Okay," she said, "Now I have to go to my locker, but good luck sis." "Thanks," she said before we parted ways. I pushed myself through the crowded hallways until I found my locker. Everyone turned to look at me as I passed them. I was appalled when people slapped my but, and yelled inappropriate things. There's a difference between being poor, and poorly raised. "You ain't from around here?" Came a voice. I turned towards it and saw a boy with brown hair and dark eyes, beside him was his opposite thick blond hair, and bright blue eyes. They were both muscular, obviously heavily into a sport. "No I'm not," I stated as I met his eyes. "Where you from?" he asked me. "LA," I told them, and then lost my train of thought when I saw the brunette taking a joint out of his pocket and lighting it in the middle of the school. "Damn, what are you doing in an inner city school in the Seam then?" asked the brunette, "This is were the poor people live." "Wait you're with Thread right?" asked the blonde, "He married your mom." "Yeah, how did you know?" I asked them. "Oh shit," said the brunette, "This is for medicinal purposes only." "I'm calling bull crap on that one," stated the blonde, "And everyone knows everything with Thread, because he's known for putting kids in jail. People spend their lives avoiding him here. I'm the only one out of the friend group that hasn't even been kept for one night." "He's the goody two shoes, I don't know why we bother hanging with him… he's kind of a nerd. You better not tell Thread," said the brunette in a threatening way. "Well now I am, cuz you just threatened me," I snapped. "Really?" asked the blonde, his eyes were wide in panic, "Please don't tell. He just can't get in trouble again. His parents will murder him." I sighed, 'God no. My mother doesn't even know him. She just married him, because…," Why am I even telling these people anything, "Never mind." "I'm Peeta and this is Cato. I'm the blondie on campus." "I'm Katniss Everdeen," I told them as I shook both of their hands, "I'm kind of a blondie too I guess." "Katniss Everdeen," said Peeta as a realization hit him, "OH my god. My dad used to run the bakery!" "No way, I remember you now… wow Peeta you look so different," I stated. "Yeah, so do you. I didn't recognize you at first, because of the hair, and outfit." I remember Peeta Mellark. Or Chubs as everyone used to call him. He was a fat kid. I remember his dad dying and then the family moving. Small world. After it gets a little awkward Cato says, "You know I haven't slept with anyone from LA yet." HE then touched my but. My reflexes kicked in and I grabbed his wrist. "Touch me again, and I'll snap your arm." "Damn you got a strong grip there," said Cato, "Must be from all of those hand jobs." "Cato!" yelled Peeta, whose cheeks were turning a bright shade of red. Mine were too, so I'm not judging. "I'm just messing with her. I can so tell she's a virgin," stated Cato. "OH my god, don't make her uncomfortable," said Peeta as he grabbed my arm and lead me away from him. "I am so sorry he's a great friend, but sometimes he's just down right inappropriate and an ass hole." "Peeta I heard there was some vanilla on campus," said a girl. Peeta and I both turned towards her. She had spiky hair and green eyes. "This is Katniss Everdeen," said Peeta, "The vanilla." "Just like you to be showing around the new girl on the first day," said Johanna and then narrowed her eyes at me, "Where are you from?" "LA." "Okay don't broadcast that," said Peeta, "You'll get picked on. Or people will try to rough you up." "I can handle a few bullied," I snapped. "Yeah, okay, it's different here. Just lay low," said Peeta. "Hey she's not hanging with us," said Johanna, "I don't want our crew to get victimized, just because we have LA Barbie with us. I mean look at the way she's dressed." "She's blonde like me, what's the problem," said Peeta. "That blonde hair is so fake, and that mini skirt is trampy, and those flats. No. If people find out that Barbie is hanging with us, they're going to talk, and we don't want people to talk about us." "She's living with Thread." "OH hell no. I ain't being friends with the cops daughter." "He's my step