Chapter One: Finding the Assassins "La mère de la révolution et de la criminalité est la pauvreté"* This was said by a son of Athena hundreds of years ago. It drives me to remember my purpose here. My destiny, if you will. It is all about revolution, the force that drives us forward to a better future. I have seen my fair share of crime and poverty. The surface world is infested with death and mourning. The gods have gone too far, they have exceeded their power and have become tyrannical towards those that are too weak to help themselves. There must be an end to this madness. In a way, I am the beginning of this end. Who am I, you may ask? I am Sebastian, son of Hades, and the one who will put Olympus through the guillotine to serve justice and to preserve sanity. "You wished to see me father?" I asked as I entered the throne room of the lord of the underworld. I grew up in this scorching domain and have been training my whole life for one purpose and one purpose alone. "It is time Sebastian," my father said simply as he stared at the hellfire blazing in the corner of the throne room. Clearly I inherited my tendency to brood from him because he was now contemplating something of importance as he stared deeply into the fireplace. "I understand, sir. If I may ask, what makes this the opportune time?" I was curious as to father's change in plans. I had been training for the past eighteen years in anticipation of the right moment, but I was not expecting it to happen this soon. "The country which Olympus has chosen to stay in is ripe with strife and bereavement. The minor gods are sick and tired of being treated like cattle, and the Olympians are living in luxury while all over the French countryside, the people starve. The commoners are almost at their wits end, and the northern wind gods are so upset that they have made this the coldest era in centuries. The air is rank with the aroma of rebellion. It is time for… revolution." Hades seemed to relish in the word as one might appreciate a fine wine. "What must I do then, my lord?" I said with a hint of respect. I still had my black haired head turned towards the floor, but my glacial blue eyes were gleaming with anticipation. Hades then turned away from the fireplace to face me. "You must do what every demigod seeking revolution would do… find the assassins." Two months later, 1777 in Bourges, France Third Person POV The moon had just started to rise over the town of Bourges. This small, poor town was infested with poverty, and the governor of the village refused to do anything. This governor had just left town in his carriage and was headed toward his estate outside the city. Governor Jacques Cujas was a pompous man who thought he was too intelligent to concern himself with those who were intellectually inferior. He didn't even bother to look outside his carriage window as he passed through the land that he was supposed to be in charge of. If he had looked outside, he may have noticed a slight figure dashing across the tree line, trying to keep up with the horses. He moved with such grace, that he looked like a shadow flitting through the night. The carriage finally made it back to the Cujas Estate and pulled through the courtyard and dropped the governor off at his estate's doors. Jacques Cujas was engrossed in his personal thoughts and was recalling bits of his journey through the town on Bourges. He snorted in disgust as he remembered the repulsive events on his somewhat pleasant journey. A tattered young boy had thrown himself against the side of one of his horses and tried to beg the governor for food. Jacques had then ordered his coachman to get rid of the filth and the boy had been whipped to the ground. Because of the way the boy fell, he landed right beneath the carriage and was immediately crushed beneath the wheels. The governor hadn't even stopped to hear the breaking of the boy's body or the wails of some grimy woman behind him. He was feeling regretful that his servants would have to clean up the mess later. The wheels may even have to be replaced because of the stains. The governor sneered in derision, such a waste of carefully crafted carriage wheels. As Governor Jacques Cujas entered his house, he turned to one of his bodyguards and said, "Tell my wife that I will be working in my study late tonight and she shouldn't wait for me." The guard then saluted to the governor in understanding. " Oui, monsieur ." The governor then turned towards his study, oblivious to a figure hiding in the shadows, following him. Jacques entered his elaborate study and stood by his personal desk. This study is not what a traditional study would look like. It was more of a large library that happened to have a desk in it. There were legal papers and record books strewn all across the desk and law manuals stacked in a corner. Every piece of material was obviously old, but it was taken care of meticulously. Jacques then sat down in his high backed leather chair and used his lantern to light a solitary candle that cast eerie shadows across the walls. It was not enough light to reveal the entire room, only enough for one to examine a document closely. Jacques then lifted his small spectacles to his pudgy face and commenced examining a report. His studies were interrupted by an unforeseen knife quickly pressed against his neck. Jacques was paralyzed in fear; his usually agile mind was crippled in terror, for he was not a man of action and preferred to order lesser men to fight for him. " Don't turn around if you value your life," hissed an obviously male voice. Jacques could tell it was most likely an adolescent by the tone of his voice. This fact confused him because he had no idea how an unskilled, young man could sneak around his estate and catch him unawares. "N-now don't be rash! I have money in my safe! I can show you wher-" " Don't turn around I said! The only reason why your despicable hide is still alive is not because of your money, I need information," the young man whispered. "I'll tell you anything you want!" the governor spluttered out in fear. "I know you Templar demigods are planning something. Tell me where the plans are and I may let you live," The governor seemed to doubt the truth in the young man's words, but his qualms were silenced when the intruder pressed the knife deeper into the governor's skin, causing a trickle of blood to run down his neck. "ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT! Just let me reach on to my desk and retrieve them!" The governor shouted in desperation. The intruder grunted his assent to the governors proposed action. As the governor reached toward his desk, he suddenly jammed his hand on a bell that was clearly an alarm. Before the young man had time to react, Governor Jacque's personal demigod bodyguards burst through the doors and surrounded the intruder. "Ha ha ha! Young assassin, did you really think I had no precautions set in place against such fools like yourself?" the governor laughed. His lark was less gleeful and more of a vindictive, sordid pleasure. He then lifted the hood off of his intruder to reveal a young man with blonde hair and gold eyes that were identical to the color of his hair. He was obviously a demigod, but his coloring was uncommon among sons and daughters of major gods. This young man was also clearly alone in his endeavors and the governor's stormy gray eyes gleamed with excitement at a new victim for him to belittle with his son of Athena intelligence. "You came in here against a dozen highly trained demigod guards, with no real plan, and no one to save you now!" "…That is not entirely true…" rasped out a deep voice that seemed to radiate from the very essence of the shadows. Then suddenly, the candle was put out with a whoosh and everyone was swallowed in darkness. One hour before Sebastian's POV It had taken me two whole months to find even a whisper of the assassins. I knew that they had been started by Nemesis, the goddess of revenge and balance, hundreds of years ago, but that was not much to go off of. I also knew that the order of assassins had the purpose to protect the people and the minor gods from tyranny. I had tracked down rumors all across the country, in search of any evidence that my father hadn't sent me on a fruitless endeavor. I finally heard gossip in Bourges that a mysterious hooded man had been seen in a tavern. The servant girl who had seen the assassin had been fairly pretty and when I had found her, she practically threw herself at me and told me everything she knew. I was not used to such treatment. I had heard that the assassin was staying in the inn in the middle of Bourges and I had set up watch across the street to see when he left for the night's activities. It was not until just after sundown that the young assassin left the inn. I followed him for quite a while until I saw a commotion on the outskirts of town. The assassin obviously heard it too, for he turned to see what the matter was. When we turned around the street, we could see a woman holding a young boy in her arms and wailing into the night calling, " Vous misérable sans cœur! Vous devrez payer pour la mort de mon fils précieux! Mon bébé! Non!"* This young boy was evidently her child. I felt the boy's soul leave his body while being clutched in his mother's arms. I was greatly saddened at the unnecessary loss of life. I then noticed that there were bloody carriage tracks leading away from the crumpled boy. Someone had run over this child and had left him to die. I felt a wave of rage course through me and saw the shadows around me pulse with my absolute anger. The one responsible for this would die… slowly. I would also ensure that his soul was sent to the fields of punishment in my father's domain. I then noticed that the young assassin's fists were also clenched in fury. He then picked up speed and followed the bloody tracks up the road leading away from the city. I followed him, keeping to the shadows. I kept up easily and stayed concealed in the darkness of the night. When we reached the final destination of the carriage, I watched as a fat man dressed in finery step out into the courtyard. He reminded me of a dressed up pig, but his steely gray eyes revealed malicious intelligence. So this was the man who was the target of the assassin and now my target as well. I melted into the shadows completely. There was only a crescent moon out, so there wasn't enough light for the guards to see me. I counted how many guards there were, and there appeared to be around a dozen of them. I noticed the aura of slight power coming from their souls, and I knew that they were demigods. I was especially careful sneaking around them, but because of my affinity for darkness, I easily went undetected. I followed the assassin as he entered into a room off of one of the ornate corridors. It apparently was a study, but it was more like a library.