Fix You I do not own Twilight, blah blah blah, i just use it for my own creative purposes : ) So before anyone says anything I am still writing Changeling, I've just been a bit slow on the update for it cause my dad's got divorce again uhhhh and I've had to move again uhhhh so I kinda haven't been in the mood to write the next chapter for Changeling and I didn't to give you something crappy but it will be updated soon don't you worry : ) So this just came to me while I was breaking some boxes apart to put in the recycling bin...yeah I know that's werid to have an idea suddenly hit you there of all places but oh well, it got me to write this! Now this can be taken as a one-shot or I can continue it and make it a story, the choice really is up to you readers, which one would you prefer? Let me make it clear right now there are mentions of alcohol abuse, vaguely and drug abuse, again vaguely not really a lot of detail goes into it, if I continue this as a story I might go into more detail but this is why the rating is M, that and a few other things but I just want to be on the safe side. Also Bella is more dark and also a little disturbed in this but hey I think it makes for acceptable reading : ) So this is obviously set after New Moon but before Eclipse, the Cullen's never moved back and Bella never became friends with Jacob or new about the shifters of La Push. Enjoy! I should kill her where she stands...all of them in fact but I can't, something is preventing me from even taking a step closer, something is holding me back...keeping me in the darkness that the shadows provide where I have dwelled for so long. There is this ache in my chest that seems to thunder though my body, it rushes down to the tips of my toes and trails up my spine before wrapping around my throat and I know at that point I am lucky I do not need to breathe because if I did my breath would have stopped halfway down to my lungs and made me choke. Twelve years. That's how long it's been and I still can't get them out of my head...her out of my head, it wasn't like I hadn't tried, oh believe me I have tried, I have tried every single scenario I could imagine, that anyone with a sick and twisted mind could imagine and yet nothing worked. For the first few years alcohol seemed to dull my mind, it made me remember less and less to the point of forgetting but never quite getting that far, like I was tinkering on the edge to the abyss of forgetting but it seemed the more I did it, as the days turned into months and the months turned into years, the more I could remember and before I knew it three years had went by...three years before I decided to try something new to try and forget the memories. I'll never forget my first time. She was a mysterious girl sitting at a bar I went to one night...that was what drew me to her in the first place...well that and the fact that she looked like a pixie...but never mind that. She was confident, flirty, and beautiful and supplied me with all the drinks I wanted that night which wasn't a lot before she took me back to her place. I remember the smirk that played across her lips as she undressed the both of us. I remember how she kissed me with a bruising passion that I had never felt before as her fingers almost scratched their way down my body until they were where she and I wanted them to be. I remember the words she whispered in my ear, "I do love virgins." Before she plunged three of her fingers into me. I remember the pain that suddenly seemed to shoot through my body; I remember the fire that seemed to pulse through me below my hips. I remember crying out in pain as hot, salty tears fell from my eyes and slid down my cheeks. I remember the woman held me tightly to her with one arm as her fingers continued to thrust into me at a hard and fast pace. I remember how she whispered soothing words into my ear, telling me how the pain would all be over soon. I remember that in that moment I forgot them...I forgot her. What I don't remember though is that girl's name. So many times after that night I tried to forget completely again and each and every time after that I failed. Both sexes I have been with and yet I could not tell you about any of my times with men but the women...I could tell you every single detail about my times with the women, right down to the type of perfume they were wearing that night...I could tell you everything, except their name...I never remembered their name. This only lasted a year but in that year there had been so many men and women. I soon went on to try the next thing to try and forget. I tried all the one's I could find; Heroin, Cocaine, Ketamine, Ecstasy, Weed, Poppers, you name it I had done it. Cocaine had the best effect, it didn't make me forget, none of them did but cocaine seemed to make me forget all the hurt and pain that I had been caused...it made the hole in my chest that had been there since I had turned eighteen vanish for a little while...it allowed me to breathe freely again. And yet after a while I became sick. I knew it would happen eventually, I wanted it to happen. The doctors told me I had months to live, something about cancer in my liver or something like that I don't really know I wasn't paying attention, to the doctor, I hated him, he reminded me too much of... They told me it was too late for treatment, I told them I didn't give a shit before walking out of the hospital, rushing home, grabbing my passport, a change of clothes and my bank card which had all my savings for the university that I never attended in it, I hadn't touched the account even with all my alcohol and drug usage, it paid to have a older friends who if you were nice to in certain ways paid generously. I left a note for anyone who cared and said I was leaving this shithole before I drove to the airport and took the closest flight out of the country...which as it turned out was Italy, on the outskirts of Volterra to be exact. And it was in that city where I became what I am and first drew myself into the darkness the shadows provided...where my solace is. It is a long story with boring details so I shall explain briefly and make it to the point. After a couple of weeks in Volterra I met this girl, literally bumped into her, I knew what she was right away...if it was the coldness of her body or how hard her body was or the pale skin or the enhanced beauty that gave her away it was the deep gleaming ruby red eyes that stood out even more because of her pale complexion and her light blonde hair. She seemed to study me for a moment before ghosting a hand down my face and I can tell you that I couldn't stop the moan that escaped my lips even if I wanted to. Hey! Give me a break! The girl may have been frozen in the body of the seventeen year old but she was hot! I am allowed to appreciate how hot she was thank you very much! I'd have gotten any in a few months so I was a little easily turned on. Anyways I could tell this shocked her and I could tell she was intrigued by me. I knew I was dying anyway and thought that she would end my waiting. "Vampire." I had whispered and watched as her eyes went wide before narrowing. I thought that was the end, I thought that I would die right then and there. Boy wasn't I wrong. She grabbed me and took me back to a castle, an underground one! I was taken in front of three guys sat on thrones, I recognised them straight away. To cut a long story short...err shorter, Aro was ecstatic to meet me, Marcus just nodded his head while Caius glared at me before smirking his approval when I glared right back...I wasn't afraid of him. I wasn't given a choice, especially when Aro touched my hand and couldn't read my thoughts. I was bit right there and then, the last thing I saw in my human life was the blonde haired girl picking me up in her arms as she looked down at me with a curious expression. It's been eight years since I was turned into a vampire. For eight years I have been dead, just not in the way I had hoped. For eight years I have been a part of the Volturi, I am actually Aro's most powerful guard...well ok maybe along with a couple of others but I am also Caius's favourite. I have quenched my thirst with the blood of humans for eight years. I have no trouble controlling myself among bleeding humans but that isn't to say I choose to control myself around them...they are my food...my prey...why should I control myself? When they do not control themselves in the killing of their animals for their source of food...they are my source of food so it's works exactly the same way. When I woke up as a vampire the blonde girl from before (Whose name I later found out is Jane) helped me through my newborn stage, although she said for a newborn I was pretty tame...when it came to blood that it, when it came to sex...well let's just say Jane loved that I wasn't tame in the sack. We've been fuck buddies since the day I had woke from the change...right after I had quenched my thirst of course and I can tell you the sex is still phenomenal...I don't think there's ever going to be a time when I'm not hungry for Jane, even when she finds her mate I will make sure I still get some from her...she's too good a fuck to let go...oh and too good a friend of course. I have a gift of course, two really but Aro just likes to say it's all rolled into one whereas I like to say two, one that I had when I was a human but was enhanced when I became a vampire and another that was the consequence of what I did for the last four years of my life before becoming a vampire, it's quite cool even if I do say so myself but let me tell you about my first gift. It is of course my shield...when he couldn't read my mind it was because I was a shield, not because I had a glitch in my brain like they summarised, no it was because I had a mind shield which protects me from mental attacks which is why, Aro, Jane, Alec, Chelsea and all the other guards with mental powers cannot use them on me but now my shield is so much more, it has been enhanced so it is physical not in the sense that I can create a wall in front of me and other people so no one can get through,