A/N - this was my entry to the Seven Sins twific competition, voted 1st place winner. Beta'd by Midnight Cougar. Pre-read by Sparrow, Gemma and Shelli. love you girls xox It seems like everybody is a prisoner in this town. Old Doc Cullen—tied to his house by memories and a sense of family loyalty; Mr Bertie—still teaching class in a town he thought he'd be passing through twenty years before. I, too, am shackled by love and responsibility. Convicted of a crime I didn't even realize I'd committed. I've been sentenced to life without parole. But my poor mother is the biggest prisoner of all. Held captive by her own body, in a room she hasn't left for nearly a decade. She lies on her back; her days one, long, cobbled road on the journey to oblivion. It isn't a pretty illness, either. Not one of those romantic-wasting diseases where you wear billowy, white dresses and are held by a handsome man who whispers sweet regrets in your ear. No, hers is a grotesque ailment. One that has turned her from overweight housewife into a sideshow freak. One that has caused her body to creep and grow until her bed can no longer sustain nor contain her. The last time they weighed her—using an industrial scale they rolled into our house—she topped off 972 lbs. I can remember feeling almost regretful she wasn't the heaviest woman in the world. Even drowned by flesh and fat that seems to undulate forever, she still wasn't anything special. Just my mom. The pale moon hangs low in the sky like an overripe fruit, slowly disappearing as the sun steals all his glory. As I lie in bed and watch the night fade into another steamy day, I feel like I'm disappearing right along with it. "Bella." I hear her call from her bedroom. Over the years her voice has thickened along with her body, turned deep and low. Doc Cullen says it's a side effect of all the pressure on her throat, constricting her larynx. "Bella?" "Coming, Mom." I climb out of bed and pull a hoodie over my head. My day starts just after five and ends sometime around midnight. Like the US Post, I make it through all weathers. So, I go to her room and clean her up, then begin the hour long job of moisturizing her body. I have to rub the thick, viscous cream into every inch of her skin. With her inability to even roll, she's at risk of her flesh drying out and dying. "The Doc says he'll come over and see you tonight," I tell her, my fingers rubbing circles against her flesh. "I think he may have a crush on you." Mom chuckles, and for a moment I can almost pretend I'm a child again. Back when she could stand, when she could walk, when we could have fun together. When I didn't feel so terribly alone. "Apparently, his son is coming home." I keep up a steady stream of one-sided conversation every morning. Part of it is guilt that I have to leave her alone for hours while I go to school. Some of it is relief I actually have somebody to talk to. I guess there's still a big chunk of me that craves the normalcy of a mother-daughter conversation. "He's recently gotten divorced. According to the Doc, he's coming back for some peace and quiet. He wants to write the 'Great American Novel'." By the time I make it past her shoulders, my fingers are aching from the pressure. My palms feel almost too smooth from all the cream. Sensitized and tingly. I have the softest hands of anybody I know. "Oh, and I've been offered an extra shift at the Thriftway. Saturdays, noon 'til close. What do you think?" I glance up and meet my mother's gaze. Her deep-blue eyes can't be hidden by the swollen skin around her face. They're still beautiful and expressive and make me feel a little soft inside. This is the part of her I love the most: her face, her lips, her eyes. This is the real her. The mom I picture when I fall asleep at night. The one I remember back when I was a toddler. The one I miss so much it hurts. "Sounds good." One of the best things about working at the Thriftway is the staff discount. Our weekly food bills are huge, and our income meager. Somehow we have to juggle things around until the dots all add up. I almost smile when I catch myself thinking "we." Because it isn't we. It's me. Seventeen-year-old Bella Swan. That's how it's been for the longest time. When I finish moisturizing her, I take her brush and run it through her thin, grey hair. She stopped dyeing it a few years ago. I guess when the only two people who see you are your kid and your doctor, the need to take care of your appearance lessens. A few hairs come loose and cling to the bristles, and I pull them off, throwing them in the trash can next to her bed. They rest on top of empty chip packets and screwed up wrappers. "How's school?" I'm almost shocked to hear her ask. We don't talk about it much; maybe because there's nothing to say. "School's fine." "And prom? Has anybody asked you?" I shake my head quickly and drop my gaze to the floor. A few times I've seen boys glance over and hoped they might be considering asking me. But now, with the dance only a few weeks away, I'm coming to the conclusion that nobody wants me. I'd be lying if I said it doesn't hurt. As if she understands, Mom gives me a sad smile and moves her fingers until they brush against my cheek. I close my eyes and let her caress me; let her be the mom, even if it's only for a moment. I wish she would do it more often. Smiling, I lean in and press my lips against her cheek, feeling her flesh dimple against my mouth, then I go to the kitchen and fix her first meal of the day. It's bigger than a three course dinner. Sometimes I feel like her enabler. Like a drug pusher, I feed her addiction; make sure she's still hooked to the very thing that's killing her. But when I suggested I should stop, Doc Cullen explained that the shock of withdrawing food could cause her body to shut down, or induce a heart attack. So, here I am, carrying a tray full of thick, juicy bacon and grits, with a big bottle of full-fat Coke, and the thick, meaty aroma twists at my stomach until it makes me want to gag. It's still cloying in my nostrils when I go to get dressed. I clean my teeth, staring at my pale reflection with wide eyes, and try to imagine a world where my mom is a mom, I am a kid, and every day is filled with roses and sunshine. Even at seventeen, I want to believe in fairy tales. *~ BB ~* School is neither a nightmare nor the best day of my life. It's just there, like a freckle on my hand or a scratch on the windshield. Sometimes it's annoying, other times it's almost a relief to see it. The familiarity both nurtures and suffocates me. In the last lesson of the day—AP English—I'm staring out the window, watching the juniors running around the track. My eyes sneak up to look at the sky, watching the way little wispy clouds snake through the blue. I've never been on an airplane, never left the state, but sometimes I dream of sitting in one of those bucket seats and smiling at the airline hostess as she pours me a cool glass of iced tea. I don't even know if they serve iced tea on airplanes, but they do in my imagination, and since the only flight I'm likely to take is one of fancy, I guess it will have to do. "...So, next week Mr. Cullen will be joining us." The familiar name jolts me out of my reverie. I glance around before resting my gaze on Mr. Bertie, wishing I'd been paying more attention. I start to wonder why the Doc will be coming into English class. Surely biology is more his thing? Jessica Stanley raises her hand. Mr. Bertie nods at her. "Yes, Miss Stanley?" "Is it true he's writing a book?" For a moment I'm confused. As clever as Doc Cullen is, he has no time or inclination to be a well-written man. He's practical, likes working with his hands. He's a healer, in the truest sense of the word. That's why it takes me so long to realize they're not talking about the Doc at all. It's his son who has caused all the excited whispers. The divorced academic, returning home to his boyhood town. I can't remember his name, even though the Doc talks about him enough. "Yes, Mr. Cullen will be talking about his book with you. He'll also be teaching you college level English. It's a real privilege to have him." Mr. Bertie takes off his wire rimmed glasses and stares at us. He does this quite often. It's supposed to signal his seriousness, but mostly it makes him squint. "I expect you all to behave when he's here. He is used to teaching college students, so no hijinks from any of you." A muffled laugh comes from the corner. I glance around to see the jocks acting like monkeys. They always sit at the back, a rowdy group who rock on their chairs and laugh a little too loud. Mike Newton—a linebacker who is clinging to this AP class with only the tips of his fingers—throws a ball at Jasper Whitlock. Jasper is slightly more intelligent, but not enough to ignore the ball. He leans to catch it and his movement tips his chair backward, where it teeters for a moment, before clattering onto the floor. Just like in a slapstick movie, his head hits the tiles with a satisfying thwack. I roll my eyes and turn away. If the two of them are anything to go by, it looks like next week is going to go swimmingly. The bus drops me home about four. I grab the letters from our mailbox—mostly junk—and pick up the newspaper from the middle of the driveway. The plastic bag is covered with tiny dead flies. I've tried to persuade Mom to cancel the deliveries, explaining we could read the headlines online, instead, but she refuses. She claims she likes the rustling sound it makes, and the smell of the printed paper. When I make it to her room, I see Doc Cullen sitting beside her, his reading glasses perched on the bridge of his nose. He reads to her out loud from the letter he has clutched in his wrinkled hands. The sound of my sneakers on the scratched, wooden floor causes him to look up, his watery-blue eyes peering over the rim of his glasses. The corners of his lips hook up into a smile. "Bella. How was school?" Everybody always asks that. I'm not sure they really want the true answer. "It was good." "Did I tell you Edward is going to be working there? He's doing it as a favor to the principal. Giving something back to his old school." Edward. That's his son's name. As soon as he says it I want to kick myself. Of course, it's Edward. I can hardly remember the Doc's only son. He left town when I was still a child, an intellectual prodigy who went to college when he was barely seventeen. Just a year after his mother died. The little I know about him comes from Doc Cullen's stories. "So we've been told." His beam grows