1967 Chapter 1 Summer stalked in like a lion that year: fierce, angry, and looking for something to eat. Our high school graduation had caused more than one student — and a lot of parents — to suffer heatstroke, overloading our already stretched town hospital to the point where they tried to call in reinforcements from San Francisco. The city was having none of it. They had their own problems, particularly in Haight-Ashbury, and were trying to bring in relief from local towns. One of them was my daddy, Chief of Police in Wentworth, CA. He would travel down to San Francisco for days, then return with a sad face and a shaking head, telling me on no account was I to go to the city that summer. Of course, that made me want to go even more. Angela and I spent our days hanging around the crowded, stagnant lake, fighting our way through the laid-out towels, trying to find the fastest route to the shore. We were desperate for some succor from the hot, dry air. She would bring drinks, and we'd find a spot in the sand to bury them to keep them cool. We'd lost more than one can that year, and we would laugh that in a thousand years, an archaeologist would dig them up and scratch his head, wondering what cultural significance a can of Tab could have on the world. When evening came, we would run back to Angela's house on Maple Street, giggling at the way the boys tried to push out their bare chests to impress us or at something one of the cheerleaders had said. We'd race to be the first to her garage, where she kept the turntable her mom had given her for her eighteenth birthday the previous month. We were always bickering about whose musical tastes were superior. Angela played a lot of Sergeant Pepper . Though I loved the Beatles, I wanted to throttle Mr. Kite and was weirded out by the haunting sitar that wound its way through the music. I'd run faster to get my own choice on the record player. Angela would try to keep up, complaining that my favorite disc, "Ode to Billy Joe," not only depressed her but actually made her want to throw herself off the Tallahatchie Bridge. We laughed a lot that summer. "It's not fair. You always were the faster runner," Angela complained when she finally caught up. I was standing inside the oven masquerading as a garage, lifting the gramophone needle gently and placing it on the vinyl, listening as the familiar guitar rhythm filled the room. I whipped around, grinning wildly at Angela and started to sing in time to Bobbie Gentry's mellifluous tones. " It was the third of June, another sleepy, dusty Delta day …" Angela shook her head, stuck out her tongue, and then threw her hands up in the air, opening her lips to join in the song. " I was out choppin' cotton, and my brother was balin' hay …" She lunged across the concrete floor of the garage and grabbed my waist, swinging me around much faster than the tempo of the record called for. My dark brown hair whipped around my face, tickling my nose, and the two of us collapsed in a heap, giggling, while Bobbie sang about Brother Taylor coming around. When the song finished and the needle was making scratchy noises against the vinyl, Angela looked up at me, her pale, even features drawn down into a frown. "That has to be the most depressing song I've ever heard. What's it all about, anyway?" We'd had this discussion before, but it never failed to entertain us. Why did Billy Joe McAllister throw himself off the Tallahatchie Bridge? "You know what I think?" I began, trying to fix my hair in the rusty, dusty mirror hanging at the end of the garage. "I reckon she had his baby, and that's what Brother Taylor saw being thrown in the river." Angela shook her head. "I think he was gay. Imagine the outcry if that got found out." "Nah, it was definitely a baby." I clipped my hair back, winding the final few tendrils behind my ears. "How come nobody knew she was pregnant, then?" Angela pushed me away from the mirror and touched up her lipstick. We'd both bought the palest we could find, not far off white, and spent a large part of our day reapplying. "Maybe she hid it well. I don't know." I shrugged. "Talking of hiding, did you hear about Jessica Stanley?" She turned to face me, a little 'I know something you don't know' smile on her face. I grabbed her hand and we walked out on to her driveway, dragging two metal garden chairs behind us. We liked to sit here in the evenings and watch the world go by. We spent our time giggling at the boys from our school and rolling our eyes at the moms calling in their children. "What about Jessica?" I asked, dropping down onto the warm, metal seat. I had never been a fan of Jessica Stanley — or rather she'd never been a fan of me — though we'd shared a lot of classes senior year. She was a cheerleader, a golden girl, who spent most of her time fogging up the glass in Mike Newton's brand new Ford Mustang. "Word has it she's having a baby." Angela's grin was big. She wasn't a fan, either. My eyebrows rose up into my hairline. This was news. "Really?" Angela nodded her head. "Uh huh. Funny how only a few weeks ago she was moaning about having to get a job after graduation. Seems like her career choice is set in stone." I grinned back. "Looks as though we'll be going to a summer wedding." "Let's hope Mike doesn't throw himself off the Tallahatchie Bridge." Angela wiggled her eyebrows. I kinda hoped he would. Mike had been the bane of my existence since I could remember; pulling my pigtails in grade school, tripping me over in junior high. By the time we reached senior year, he'd become a little crueler; planting a dead mouse in my locker and trying to make me kiss him under the bleachers after school. He'd made me cry that day. "I guess she'll be joining the Junior League and having lunch with all the ladies of the town." We both smiled. Angela and I had spent all year applying to colleges, stoking our dreams of escaping, of getting out of Wentworth. Angela, who had the superior intellect, had been accepted into Columbia, whereas I would be studying English at Berkeley. I was eager for September to arrive and frightened that it would be here too soon. We had less than two months to grow up. A station wagon slowly drove down Maple, swinging into the driveway opposite Angela's house. We watched as Mrs. Black unloaded her three children, shooing them up the driveway and shouting at the dog as he refused to leave the trunk of the car. "I'm going to San Francisco next week." Angela confided as the eldest son turned around and stuck his tongue out at us. "What? Why?" And the unspoken sentence: Can I come? "One of Martin Luther King's staff is coming to make a speech. I missed his visit in January. I'm sure as hell not going to miss this." Angela was the queen of politics at Wentworth High, and I was her willing aide. Together, we'd arranged demonstrations, written banned articles, and — our pièce de résistance — orchestrated a sit-in against the Vietnam War that lasted four days. The principal hadn't been pleased. "Plus, I seriously want to see the hippies in Haight-Ashbury. It's social history in the making. Are you coming?" "My dad will never let me go." I picked at the rust on the arm of the chair, letting the flakes fall to the ground. "So, don't ask him. Tell him you're sleeping over with me. My mom will back us up." Mrs. Weber was what my dad called "permissive." It wasn't a compliment. Rolling my bottom lip between my teeth, I scanned through my options. I could stay here while Angela went and had all the fun, getting to experience the excitement that was San Francisco. Or I could go with her, throw myself into the experience, and come back with a story I could tell my grandchildren one day. For most people, that wasn't much of a choice. But I was a good girl, always maintaining decent grades, always home before curfew. I was afraid of authority, particularly fearful of my dad, and this made me procrastinate for longer than I should. "Okay, I'll go." My stomach lurched at the thought. "Really?" Angela was as surprised as I was. I nodded, unable to speak, scared that the nausea rumbling at the pit of my stomach would rise up and make itself known. Angela grabbed my hand, her grin wide with excitement. "This is going to be so much fun, Bella. I'll give Ben a call and tell him he needs to make room for one more." Ben was Angela's on-again, off-again boyfriend. A college junior, she only saw him during school breaks, but the two of them shared a love of all things political. A debate between them was a sight to be seen. She confided that their battles followed them into the bedroom or the back seat of his car, an image that made me want to douse my brain with Lysol. "Sounds good," I replied, trying to return her smile. I spent the week on tenterhooks, trying to cajole my father's schedule from him, casually mentioning sleepovers and not being around. The evening before we were due to go, I was so fretful I could barely eat. My dad was scooping up his peas with his fork, his other hand holding the evening paper, occasionally tutting as he read the news. Eventually, with a rustle and a clang of metal on porcelain, he put down his paper and fork and stared over at me, drawing his eyebrows together. "So you want to sleep over at the Weber girl's?" His voice, as always, was low and gruff. He was feared by the community, as well as his daughter. I nodded. "Yes, sir. Her mother has agreed to it." He scrutinized me, running his eyes up and down my face. I could feel myself falling short of his expectations, whether he knew it or not. "Very well. I'm not a big fan of Mrs. Weber, but if you promise to be in bed by 10:00 p.m., then I'll let you go." "Of course." I was eager to acquiesce. "I'll be sure to do that." "Hmmm." He lifted the paper back up to his eyes, signaling the discussion was over. I pushed myself up to standing, taking his plate, balancing it on my own. I barely slept that night. I tried to work out what to wear — knowing my usual, Charlie-sanctioned, conservative dresses would make me stick out like a sore thumb. Eventually, I'd chosen a short, monochrome A-line dress that Angela had given me for my birthday. I'd hidden it at the back of my closet, not wanting to see my father's face if I wore it. It would be cool enough to keep my temperature under control, and maybe — just maybe — for once, I wouldn't stand out as different. I hated being different. I arrived at Angela's house at 6 a.m. We ran up to her room, grabbed her cosmetic bag, and proceeded to apply each other's makeup; painting on a base of pale foundation, followed by thick, dark kohl and a paler lipstick. When we were finished, we looked at our handiwork in her bedroom mirror and grinned. The excitement was bubbling in my stomach. We were really doing this. Travelling into the city of love