Disclaimer- I don't own Harry Potter. As my name isn't JK Rowling, you've probably already deduced that. I also make no money from this fic. This is just some fun. A/N- There are a great many 'Reunion' fics in the dramione category and within that trope is the sub-trope (is that a thing? If not, it is now) of Harry and/or Ron leave England post war only to come back and be stunned that Hermione is with Draco Malfoy and Ginny is with Blaise Zabini. But usually the author reaches for some sort of reason to bring the duo back to England. I decided that was too predictable and instead decided to send the boys to France for the World Cup. Also, no Blaise/Ginny. Because the pairings kind of flowed as I wrote. Harry Potter and his best mate Ron Weasley smiled at their tickets. England were in the final of the Quidditch World Cup and they had tickets. Neither one had been in England in the five years since the Final Battle; the day they were to start their auror training both boys had looked at each other and decided they wanted to put off growing up for a bit and travel. They had money from taking out the dark lord and they had written letters to friends and family before leaving for America. Then they went to Mexico, the Caribbean, South America, Asia, and before they knew it they'd been gone for five years. But the World Cup was being held in France and they had tickets courtesy of some connections they'd made in their travels. They only stayed in each place they visited a week at most before they were on their way but they'd still met people and built relationships. They'd be sitting in the Minister's box. "I wonder who's playing for England," Harry said. "Don't know but we've got to win it right?" The final was going to be Bulgaria vs England, and they knew Krum was still playing but neither one paid much attention to news about England. They were enjoying being free of the pressures of England and ultimately avoiding news was easier than facing their emotions. Keeping up with their home country would only have made them feel guilty about leaving their friends and family behind. They didn't want any guilt. "Krum is really good," Harry mused. "I could never beat him." "Yeah but the England side is full of professionals, not students," Ron said. "So we might not get the snitch but I bet we have loads of attacking power." "Yeah that's true," Harry nodded. "And Oliver is in goal probably so we have a world class keeper." They joined the queue to go to France. They were really excited. They might be watching England win the World Cup in two days. Blaise Zabini greeted the England team and their guests, "Welcome to my hotel. Okay so I have everything worked out. You guys are going to love this place. I just know it. We've got a pool and the restaurant is amazing and I have all your room keys," he grinned at the party. "Okay so Arthur and Molly, your room is opposite Narcissa and Andromeda's room," he handed Molly and Narcissa the room keys, "and I made sure your suite had a room for Teddy," he added to Narcissa. "Bill you have the family suite next to theirs," he handed the redhead a key, "Charlie and Percy you just wanted rooms, so that's what I gave you." "I like how he ignores the team members and focuses on family first," George said to snickers from the England squad and their partners. "I heard that Weasley," Blaise glared at him, "all the England squad gets suites. All been arranged." Oliver Wood was shocked, "How the devil do we get to shack up with our partners? Malfoy will never leave his room!" Draco Malfoy grinned at that. "Oliver you clearly don't know Hermione if you don't think she'll make sure he's where he needs to be," Angelina Weasley said. "Thank you Ang," Hermione smiled. "Nice to know someone has faith in me." Draco glared at Wood, " I am the captain, Wood. Don't tell me you've still got your knickers in a twist over that." Oliver rolled his eyes as everyone laughed. Oliver was a great keeper, but he was way too intense as captain at Hogwarts and as a result he'd refused every offer to be captain ever since. Draco kept a more level head and while he took his job seriously, he was happy to let the team loosen up so long as it didn't get in the way of their performances and Oliver had been quite open about saying that Draco was a better captain than he had been. That didn't stop the two from banter about Oliver encouraging mutiny or Draco being too lax though it was all lighthearted. Still laughing at Draco and Oliver's banter everyone took their room keys and went upstairs to check out their rooms. Once in their room Hermione pushed Draco against the door, "Now then, Mr. England Captain, what should I do with you?" "Shag me on every surface in this room?" Hermione rolled her eyes, "Once the cup is done we'll ramp things up. I'd hate for you to pull something before going toe-to-toe with Viktor." "The husband versus the ex-boyfriend," he mused. "I say I'll win." "Of course you will," she smiled. "You're the best English seeker ever, love." "You're so completely and utterly biased," Draco smirked. "If you win I have something packed for you to enjoy," she leaned close to him, "I think it's been a very long time since you've seen me in a Slytherin quidditch jersey with 'Malfoy' across the back, hasn't it?" Draco was instantly erect, "You…can I see it?" "Only after you win the game," she laughed. "But look on the bright side. Now you're highly motivated." "Very highly motivated," he mumbled. "We're shagging now." He lifted her up and carried her over to the bed, his wife's legs wrapped around his waist as their tongues battled for dominance. After the Final Battle the trials had occurred and Draco went from villain to victim during his. It was revealed that Voldemort had held his mother hostage, forcing Draco to take the mark and let Death Eaters into the school lest his mother be raped, tortured, and killed. Several people testified on his behalf, including Blaise Zabini and Theo Nott (the latter also being forced into becoming a Death Eater), his mother, and Hermione Granger. Harry had offered up his memories to Kingsley for the trials after the Final Battle before Harry and Ron had left England (though they left before the trials began). The memories were used during the trials and Moaning Myrtle even testified, though she'd only talk to Hermione. Hermione's memory of Myrtle's testimony sealed Draco's fate. He was a young man stuck between a rock and a hard place, with no way out and no one to turn to. He'd been found not guilty. His father had been thrown in Azkaban for life, which suited Draco just fine. He took hold of the Malfoy fortune as soon as he was cleared and had Malfoy Manor destroyed and rebuilt, in a not so dreary looking style. He'd returned to school, along with Hermione and many others, and what started as a friendship between the two of them swiftly became romance. Once the couple had sex the first time their friends learned to knock before entering either one's bedroom. They were almost always on one another, if not shagging then engaging in little displays of affection. Hermione had always been against public displays of affection but she found it impossible to keep her hands off of him and he was the same with her. By the time Hogwarts ended, Malfoy Manor had been completely rebuilt. They graduated their last year the top 2 students in their class and that evening at a party thrown at the newly rebuilt Malfoy Manor by his mother, his aunt Andromeda, and Molly Weasley, Draco had proposed. Hermione hadn't hesitated in saying yes. What to do after Hogwarts was the question but for Draco it was soon answered. His boyhood club, the Falmouth Falcons, wanted him as their seeker. Draco looked to his fiancée for her opinion and she'd asked him if he wanted to play quidditch professionally. He'd nodded that he did and she'd said that he got to do what he wanted and that was all that mattered. Too often in his life Lucius and then Voldemort told him what he wanted and what he was going to do and she wasn't letting anyone ever do that to him again. If Draco could have fallen in love with her even more, he did then. Hermione had followed her own advice to Draco and gone into potionmaking. She'd always loved potions class and with Draco vowing to help her set up her own business she began studying for her Potions Mastery. Slughorn mentored her and McGonagall arranged for her to floo between Malfoy Manor and Slughorn's office so that she could live with Draco rather than have to be apart from her fiancée. Andromeda lived in the manor along with Narcissa, the two sisters bonding again and Narcissa helping Andromeda with raising Teddy. Draco took being Teddy's male role model very seriously and always made time for the little boy. The Weasleys had come around on the Malfoys, or at least regarding Draco and Narcissa. Molly had invited them both to Christmas at the Burrow when Hermione had told them that she was dating Draco and loved him while they were still at Hogwarts. Narcissa had embraced Hermione dating Draco, and loved having her sister back, but she wasn't sure about the Weasleys. When Hermione explained that they were family to her and they wouldn't hold Lucius against her, Narcissa had agreed to go. She and Molly got on quite well after a tepid start and they had begun planning her and Draco's wedding as soon as he'd proposed. Draco wasn't the only one to go into quidditch. Ginny was drafted to the Holyhead Harpies. George joined up with Oliver Wood and Angelina Johnson at Puddlemere United as a beater, and Theo Nott and Greg Goyle joined Draco at the Falmouth Falcons as a chaser and beater respectively. Together they became the core of the England National Team over the next four years and they became close as well. Angelina and George got engaged a few months after Draco and Hermione, and got married at the end of the next Quidditch season. Hermione and Draco were engaged for two years before having a big wedding shortly after she achieved her mastery in potions. She opened up an apothecary with Padma Patil, who eventually became Mrs. Theo Nott. Luna married Greg Goyle and she went into magizoology. Ginny ended up marrying Dennis Creevey, who became a professional photographer. One of the most amusing pairings was Daphne Greengrass with Blaise Zabini, in Hermione's opinion. Daphne had loosened up after school and she and Hermione were very close, but Blaise made George look reserved. He was just an extra level of goofball and hilarity. Dinner at the Zabini house always ended in laughter. During the quidditch season he ran WWW for George along with Lee Jordan who was a professional quidditch commentator. During the off-season George took back control while Blaise tended to the hotels he owned and was building throughout Magical Europe. "Draco stop," Hermione laughed as they exited the bathroom two hours after their arrival, "we have to go down to dinner." "We can eat in bed," he argued as he put on his underwear and unzipped the bag which was holding his suit. Hermione slipped into her dress and turned, "Zip me up please?" "So that would be the opposite direction I usually move that zipper