Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any IP relating to it. I'm just borrowing the characters for my own enjoyment. A/N- This story wanted to be a oneshot but I left too much unsettled so I've got to make it a twoshot. I thought this would be a nice little nugget for folks to enjoy. Anyway, this is post-Hogwarts (obviously) and (again, obviously) AU. I say Epilogue? What Epilogue? I prefer to pretend that horrifying little bit never happened. Makes me feel better that way. Oh! And if you like Harry, well, you're not going to like him in this story (or at least this part as I have not written the second completely and so I can't comment as to whether he changes). I make no apologies. Things go as they go. Also- Fred, Tonks, Remus, and Snape are all alive. The next part comes...when I finish it, I'd say. Maybe posting this will motivate me to finally buckle down and finish it. -Five Years After the War- Harry Potter was sitting in the maternity ward of St. Mungo's, waiting with the rest of the Weasley family for Percy's wife Audrey to have their baby, when Draco Malfoy suddenly rushed into the room and ran to the mediwitches' desk, "My wife was brought in by my father. Where is she? Is she okay?" "Calm down Mr. Malfoy…" Malfoy's nostrils flared but a mediwitch stepped forward, "Mr. Malfoy, she's in Room 5 but you can't go in until you're calm. Take a deep breath." Harry stared as Malfoy obeyed the mediwitch. "Good, good. Now take another one." Malfoy obeyed and the mediwitch smiled, "She was in bad shape when she came in, I won't deny that. She was unconscious and unresponsive." From where Harry was sitting it looked like Malfoy was about to collapse at the news. "Looks like Karma's finally catching up to the bastard," Ron sneered from his seat next to Harry. Harry frowned, "He deserves worse than his wife having a miscarriage. Shouldn't even be allowed to have any family. If there was any justice, he'd be alone and sitting in a cell. Fortunes seized, properties taken." They were brought out of their conversation by Pansy Parkinson and Daphne Greengrass rushing into the ward, "Draco we just heard! Is she okay?" "They won't tell me anything," Malfoy said. "It's really serious is all I know." Harry and Ron were both surprised. They'd figured either witch was probably Malfoy's wife. Pansy was the one who snapped at the mediwitches, "Well what's wrong with you? Let him in there to see his wife." "He needs to calm down," the first witch said. "Well then get him in there with his wife. The only way Draco's calming down is if he sees her," Pansy countered. The second mediwitch nodded and escorted Malfoy back. Inside his wife's room Draco was at her side instantly while two healers were continuing to work on her, "What happened? What's wrong? Is she okay? What about the baby?" "Draco sit down," Lucius gently said from where he sat holding his daughter-in-law's hand. Draco sat down in the chair next to his father obediently, "I had some papers I needed you to sign so I dropped by the manor to drop them off and that's when I found her unconscious on the floor of the living room. I immediately tried to wake her up and when that didn't work I picked her up and flooed here." Draco looked worriedly at his pale wife who was unconscious and barely looked to be breathing, stroking her cheek with his finger gently. He looked at the healers, "What's wrong with Hermione?" One of the healers, who was writing in Hermione Malfoy's chart, answered him, "According to her charts she's been subjected to very long doses of the Cruciatus curse and it's still unknown what she was hit with in her fifth year of Hogwarts. It's likely the two weren't fully healed or left massive internal scarring that wasn't dealt with properly." "But she'll be okay, right? Hermione and the baby will be okay?" The healer frowned and Draco felt his heart shatter as the prospect of losing both his unborn child and his wife sunk in. The other healer, who was still working on her, looked at him, "Mr. Malfoy, I don't like to make promises. As we don't know what one curse even was, I can't tell you with certainty everything will be okay. But I can assure you Mrs. Malfoy will get the very best care and we will not give up trying to save them both until there's no other option." It took everything in him not to break down at the way neither healer would say Hermione was going to be okay. He felt the tears forming in his eyes as he gazed at her. He would never forgive himself if she died carrying his child. He felt his father's hand on his back. Draco swallowed thickly before asking, "Where is Mother?" "I sent word and she went to get the Grangers and bring them here. I'm not leaving Hermione's side until she's ready to leave," Lucius answered. "She'll be okay, son. She won't give in without a fight." Draco was amazed at the change in his father. Lucius had never been happy with Draco's choice in wife and he'd made that known from the start. Yet now he was showing visible concern for her. Even protectiveness as he clutched her hand in his. Draco stood. He didn't want to leave her side but he knew that Pansy and Daphne were worried and deserved to know at least a little. And given his father was much calmer than Draco presently felt, he knew that he would just get in the way of the healers, "I'll just tell Pansy and Daphne what's going on," he looked at the healers, "please, save her. Save them both. Money is no object. I don't care what it costs." The two healers didn't dare inform the man who looked 5 seconds from a nervous breakdown that his father had already made the same pleas when they'd begun their work. But both men could understand what he was going through and so the second healer added, "What I can tell you, Mr. Malfoy, is that we're trying to heal the damage but it's hard when we don't know what the curse was. Fortunately your father knows many dark curses. He's helping us narrow the list massively." Draco felt some relief. If anyone knew what Dolohov had done to Hermione, it would be Lucius Malfoy. "Thank you," he said before kissing his wife's forehead and whispering, "I love you Hermione. All I need is you." Outside the room Draco was immediately set upon by the two girls, "How is she?" "It's really serious," Draco swallowed, "Father's helping them. Hermione was hit by an unknown curse our fifth year by Dolohov and it was apparently never fully healed. They can heal the Cruciatus damage done to her but that one's harder." "If anyone can figure out the curse, it's Lucius," Pansy reassured her friend, hugging him. "They said we could lose both her and the baby if they don't," Draco said quietly. Daphne closed her eyes at the thought and rubbed his back. While she'd not been a fan of the muggleborn for most of their schooling, there was no disputing how happy she made Draco. And since Hermione and Draco became a couple, Pansy and Daphne had both become best friends with her. Take Hermione away from the idiotic Gryffindors that were her former-best friends and she was quite fun, actually. Daphne opened her eyes, "You should be in there with her. We'll tell everyone else when they come." "Daph what if I lose her?" Draco looked her in the eye and Daphne hoped Hermione pulled through. The man looked ready to crumble to pieces. Not even when Voldemort was threatening his mother had Draco looked so lost and ready to fall apart. She gripped his shoulders and spoke firmly, "You won't. She's strong Draco. Stronger than anyone could have expected. She went toe to toe with Bellatrix. Nothing will stop her from getting to you. From being with you." Draco processed her words. She was right. Hermione never let Voldemort or Bellatrix or anyone get between the two of them. They'd both been dragged through hell in the war and if they were going to be yanked apart, it was then. Not now. Now was the time for them to be happy, to be together. They were a love story, an example of how love could stop Voldemort. He wouldn't lose her. Filled with determination, Draco hugged both women and thanked them before returning to the room. Hermione had got him through his darkest times sixth year. He could get her through this. He would get her though this. They were going to get their happy ending. With a clear head and renewed focus, Draco rejoined his father, sitting next to him and gazing at his wife, "How far is the list narrowed?" "A decent amount but not enough," the second healer with the clipboard answered. "Hermione said the curse itself was purple flame and Madame Pomfrey reckoned that if Dolohov hadn't been muted when he cast it that Hermione would have been killed instantly," Draco said to his father. "Does that help?" "I couldn't remember the color….what else did she say about the treatment?" Lucius asked. "She had to take ten different potions daily," Draco said, "for two weeks, she said. It was all for internal damage though. It wasn't an external wound." "Dolohov created that curse specially. It's like the killing curse in that it shows no outer injury but it's different in that it does cause plenty of internal ones," Lucius said. "I'm afraid I don't know the name of it or the incantation." "Ten different potions?" The healer asked. "It's not in her chart for some reason. But there's only so many potions you use for internal injuries, especially since so many can't be used together. We should be able to make progress now." Draco sighed in relief. He just wanted her safe and healthy. Harry and Ron were still feeling rather satisfied that their school rival was obviously suffering when Blaise Zabini and Theo Nott rushed into the ward. The pair watched the Slytherins commiserating both feeling rather smug. It seemed cruel, wishing foul things on Malfoy's wife, but both men were adamant he deserved it. Malfoy was the reason that Hermione was gone. After the war, Hermione had told her friends that she was dating Malfoy. Naturally, Harry and Ron were aghast and disgusted and made it clear that they would never support such a union. The pair had informed her that it was Malfoy or them, and shockingly she'd chosen Malfoy. Of course, it hadn't been long before Malfoy dumped her. They'd seen the headline that Malfoy was engaged and both shared a smug smirk that they were right. Hermione had been fooling herself. Malfoy would never marry a muggleborn. Blood purity was all he cared about so of course he was never going to marry her. Not that Hermione came around to hear the 'I told you so' they were eager to dispense. The witch had vanished from Britain, too embarrassed by being used by Malfoy for so long. Harry and Ron hadn't spoken to Hermione since she'd chosen Malfoy and both men blamed the Slytherin for her leaving Britain in shame. They watched as Narcissa Malfoy came in with two strangers they didn't recognize. Immediately Parkinson and Greengrass were talking to the three upset people. Harry and Ron shared a smirk as they continued to watch the 'Malfoy Gets What He Deserves' show. When Hermione Malfoy opened her eyes she felt immense pain. She felt a firm hand holding hers but she knew it wasn't Draco's hand. "Relax dear, you're