Disclaimer- I solemnly swear that I do not own the characters, settings, or situations present in this story. I am just a fanfic author playing with JKR's toys. I promise to clean them up before I return them. A/N- Well. This is a rather long start to a new story on the grounds that I have 43+ pages already written and I couldn't find a good stopping point for the chapter. Expect a few more big updates this weekend before it tapers out to a new chap every 3-7 days (ideally because having said that at some point I'll have a week and a half without posting). Took a break because my birthday was in early May. This story begins in third year but at the end of the third year, so it moves into the fourth year after a summer. It goes without saying that this is not canon. And if the sequence of events for things like the 3rd year seem off it's because my HP books are still packed in storage so I'm going from memory in a mind that has head-canon and fanfic inside of it. I think I nailed Ron, personally. Happy reading! Putting himself between Lupin and Hermione had meant that he was in harm's way; not that that was anything new for Harry. Nor was him being injured for protecting her. What was new was that Harry was bitten. With Ron and Snape unconscious, Sirius chasing Remus off, and Pettigrew escaping Hermione was the only one to see the bite. Harry felt her latch onto him in a tight embrace, "It'll be okay Harry," she whispered. Harry could only trust her words. Hermione wasn't one to steer him wrong but being a werewolf was something they'd have to keep quiet. Hermione healed the bite herself to stop the bleeding. A bite from a werewolf left a scar even when magically healed. On the plus side it gave Harry the ability to lie about what the bite came from. In the chaos that followed they ran to a wounded Sirius who had run Lupin off into the forest but looked exhausted and collapsed. Harry and Hermione tried to pull him toward the school (Ron and Snape were already close to the entrance and still unconscious) only to find themselves surrounded by Dementors. "What do we do Harry?" He thought about Sirius' offer for him to live with him after he was cleared. Leaving the Dursleys sounded amazing. He focused on that as his happy memory and cast the spell, " Expecto Patronum !" But it was to no avail. No matter how many times he cast it Harry couldn't conjure more than little silvery wisps. Hermione moved against him and they wrapped their arms tightly around each other in a hug as they both closed their eyes, awaiting the inevitable. An ear-piercing shriek had Harry open his eyes to witness a humongous corporeal patronus wolf attacking the Dementors, thrashing them with its massive teeth while the Dementors screamed. The ones attacked turned to ash and the other hooded creatures fled for their lives. "Wow," Harry breathed, watching as the wolf chased off the few that remained. "Who did that?" Hermione asked. "I don't have a clue," Harry said. "That was amazing though." Hermione nodded her head and looked at Sirius. "He's still alive. We need to get him help." "Step away from that criminal," Snape's voice said. Harry looked to see the Potions Master raise his wand as he approached them and cast a spell on Sirius, binding him. "He's not a criminal! He's innocent!" "Confounded you no doubt," Snape said. "I'll make sure to inform the Minister of Magic about that," he sneered. Hermione glared at the man. "You're a very bitter, vindictive man Professor . Sirius Black is innocent. It was Peter Pettigrew who turned on the Potters." "He killed Pettigrew as well. Convenient to lay the blame at his feet. Thought you were smarter than that you arrogant little know-it-all." Harry was used to Snape bullying him but bullying Hermione was too much for the young man. Only Hermione grabbing his arm kept him from drawing his wand on the bastard. They were bound by Snape as well and Harry glared at the man all the way up to the castle. As Pomfrey looked them over Harry's only concern was Sirius. "He's innocent! He didn't do any of it! He was framed!" "Werewolves, Dementors, wanted murderers," Pomfrey shook her head, "What is Hogwarts becoming? Last year a basilisk, this year Dementors are targeting our students. I'll be writing the ministry about this." Harry gave up. No one was listening to him. Hermione was given a clean bill of health but Pomfrey paused upon seeing the bite on Harry's torso. "Mr. Potter is this a werewolf bite?" Harry looked down at the bite Hermione had healed so well that it looked like an old scar rather than a fresh wound. People really underestimated his pretty friend's brilliance. "No ma'am. A dog attacked me last summer and my aunt didn't want to take me to the doctor. Said it just needed a bandage." Pomfrey shook her head, muttering about idiotic muggles and poorly healed wounds. For Harry it was a sigh of relief. His focus might be on Sirius but he knew that being called a werewolf was not a good thing. He'd seen that in Ron's eyes when Hermione had said that Lupin was a werewolf. Ron's leg was broken and would need to be healed. While Pomfrey was doing that Albus Dumbledore found the pair. One cryptic message later and Harry was watching Hermione pull out a big hourglass from under her shirt that was on a chain around her neck. "Hermione what is that?" "A time-turner and now is not the time for questions irrelevant to our agenda," she said, slipping the chain around his neck too. Harry found himself again pressed against his pretty friend as they traveled back in time. He was really starting to enjoy this contact. Although not in the way he was probably supposed to, her being his best friend and all. "Dumbledore said we could save two lives tonight…but other than Sirius…" She and Harry solved that riddle at the same time, "Buckbeak!" "We can hide in the woods near Hagrid's house," Harry said. The pair carefully made their way there, hiding amongst the trees out of view of everyone in Hagrid's hut but not obscuring the two teens' view to see what was going on. Hermione worked out the plan, "We need the executioner and everyone to see Buckbeak before we free him and pull him back here with us." Harry nodded. "We can toss some of those dead ferrets Hagrid has for him to him to lure him away," he suggested. "Good idea Harry," she smiled at him. Hiding in the woods as they waited to put their hastily cobbled together plan into action Harry and Hermione sat, talking about the incident earlier in the evening. "Hermione, this is bad." "No it's not Harry. There's nothing particularly bad about werewolves." Harry just stared at her, stunned that after what had happened to them that evening her opinion would be what it was. Hermione took his hand, "Harry all werewolves aren't like Lupin. The ones that know their inner animal live very normal lives. The Wolfsbane is more of a poison than a potion. It's made of plants that are poisonous to wolves." "So the human doesn't have control, the wolf's just sick," Harry said. "Exactly," Hermione nodded. "Harry I'll help you deal with this. You're still you. You'll just get furry once a month," she smiled. He looked at her worriedly, "What if I attack you?" "I think every fiber of your being wants to protect me Harry," she answered. "You leapt on top of me without even thinking about it. That isn't accidental." She smiled and hugged him, "Harry you should believe in yourself more." "I'll work on it," he said. "But you need to not take so many classes Hermione. It's been wearing you out all year." "Next year I'll drop Muggle Studies. Without it and Divination I should have a normal schedule. But in exchange you need to drop Divination and take either Runes or Arithmancy. You have dark wizards after you Harry. You need to learn about how to protect yourself. If you studied this summer and I helped you you could take a placement exam and be in the same class as me fourth year." Harry was quick to agree to Hermione's conditions. If he was being honest Arithmancy had sounded really interesting to him when she talked about it. "Do you think we should tell Ron about me being a werewolf?" "Do you think he'll keep it a secret from his family or from the rest of the world?" Hermione asked. Ron wasn't someone she'd ever tell a secret to; he was quick to blab whether accidentally or on purpose. He was quite like Hagrid that way. Ron. So far he'd been able to ignore what he'd seen that evening but he couldn't any longer. Harry had seen the fear and disgust in Ron's eyes when Hermione had worked out that Lupin was a werewolf. Harry lowered his head in thought as a swirl of emotions overwhelmed him. Ron was his first friend his own age. But he'd already fallen out with Hermione twice this year because of the rat he hated and Harry's broomstick. He'd never apologized to Hermione for either situation and fully expected Hermione to apologize to him , even when it was established that Ron was both times in the wrong. Ron also wasn't known for keeping secrets. His mind turned to how Ron had got him to take the easy courses that year rather than the ones that would benefit him in the long run. "Why must my life always be so complicated and difficult?" Harry asked loudly, kicking a tree in frustration. Hermione, wanting to calm Harry down and also prevent him from accidentally blowing their cover, did the first thing she could think of to distract him and silence him. She kissed Harry. When they parted they were both red-faced. "Hermione…" he whispered. She rubbed her face in her hands, "Harry I just…forget about it. I'm sorry I shouldn't have…" Knowing how she'd work herself into a fit Harry pulled her back to him and they kissed again, "Don't be sorry," he whispered when they parted after a second, longer kiss. "I thought it was fantastic." "Harry," she breathed, gazing into his eyes. He gave her a genuine smile before he took a deep breath and asked, "What say you make part of my life easier and far better? Will you be my girlfriend Hermione?" "Yes," she answered, hugging him. The time soon came to free Buckbeak, and they did with Harry untying the hippogriff and Hermione tossing ferrets to Buckbeak from the bucket they'd found in Hagrid's shed. They made their way back to the forest, moving to a better vantage point. Hermione spoke, "Harry about that broom…" "I owe you an apology for that," he interrupted her, "I didn't handle that situation well. You were looking out for me because you care and I was just looking to play with my new toy." She smiled and kissed him, "You're forgiven Harry but I shouldn't have just done it behind your back. I should have sat down with you away from Ron and we could have had a rational conversation about it rather than Ron arguing that I was just out to destroy your fun." "Yeah Ron is always eager to fight with you isn't he," Harry mused. "Wonder why that is?" "I don't know. Sometimes it feels like I'm somehow competing with him for your attention; or at least, that's how he feels." Harry thought that made sense, though that also meant that Ron would freak out