This story was written as a side project mainly because since I read Hunger Games I can't stop thinking about it. Maybe if I write it out I can get started on the second part of my own work. If you like Peeta, don't bother reading it. Disclaimer: The Hunger Games is the sole intellectual and commercial property of Suzanna Collins and Scholastic Publishing. The use of which is done solely for enjoyment and no other purpose. The extra characters and changes in the story line are the sole intellectual property of Michael J. Flanders (me). This story is a cross over between The Hunger Games and my short story Free fall. Katniss and Gale have a third member of their hunting party that lives out in the woods outside District 12. He hunts, trades at the Hob and seems to get just about anything you might need. He's been their friend and business partner for the last year has been their friend. When Katniss takes her sister's place he volunteers to take Peeta's place and decides he must help Katniss win even if it costs him his life. Story contains sexual situations, harsh language and somewhat explicit violence Reaping Minus Two Days A young looking man, slowly, quietly, walked through the thick underbrush of the wooden area that was more or less his home. His well worn brown leather boots avoided stepping on anything that could give away his position. He senses aware of everything around him. The slightest movements, sounds or even smells acted alike alarms to him. He was trained for this sort of thing but for far different reasons than he was using them now. He paused for a second and looked up at the mid summer sun through the tree canopy, closed his eyes and smiled. He wiped the sweat from his brow not minding the intense summer's heat. He was happy here for many reasons chief of which was his friends. The fact of the matter was his two hunting partners had taught him to find joy in what many would consider simple things. They taught him how to be something he never remembered being; a kid. He let the summer sun warm his face and breathed the sweet smelling air. Everything here seemed better, purer than he ever remembered before. The air fresher, the water cleaner, the plants and game he cooked tasted incredible. Even Greasy Sae's concoctions she brews up in the Hob, the local black market, tasted good most of the time. A small brushing sound took him out of his trance. He looked towards the sound and saw the tail feathers of a wild turkey moving behind a group of pine trees. He crouched down behind a shrub, brought up the bow he barrowed and notched an arrow. He lost sight of his target but continued watching, his instincts told him there was more than one target out there even though he couldn't see it. Instincts he'd learned to trust implicitly without completely understanding why. He glanced over to the 18 year old young man about ten meters to his left. Gale Hawthorn was also crouched; his bow ready but apparently couldn't see the turkeys from his position. He lowered his bow, pointed at his eyes with two fingers, held three fingers up and then pointed at the trees. Even without seeing them he was certain there were at least three of them walking around. Those turkeys could be dinner for him and his friends family or he could sell them to associates at the Hob for money. Money he would share with his friends or simply use to get things they needed. They were his only friends and he'd do anything for them; even die if necessary. Gale nodded, looked over at the other in their little trio, a skinny 16 year old girl and simply nodded in the direction of their prey. Katniss Everdeen nodded back and moved silently a little farther ahead, her father's bow ready. The man smiled. He knew Gale and Katniss had been hunting together for more than four years. In that time they understood each other so well that they could communicate the same thing he did with his hand in a simple nod. He wondered if he'd been that close to anyone that they would understand what he was thinking with just a glance. Both his and Gale's eyes were on Katniss, waiting for her to get a clear shot. Dropping her target would flush the others into the clear and give the two boys clear shots as well. Katniss stopped moving forward and in one fluid motion stood up and shot. He didn't see where her arrow hit but then the other two started leaping away from the trees. Gale got his shot off skewering his in the center of its body. He also took his shot and buried his arrow in a nearby tree missing his intended target by inches. Katniss reloaded and shot again taking down the last bird. He closed his eyes and moaned softly knowing he'd just given his friends another reason to tease him about his lack of archery skills. He didn't mind looking like a fool in front of the others for a couple of reasons. First a bow was a new weapon for him and second it would make Katniss laugh. The girl laughed so rarely he made it a point to make her laugh at least once every time he saw her. He watched Gale and Katniss, or Kat, as he liked to call her, both because it was easier to say than Katniss and just to be somewhat irritating, recover their prizes while he had to use a rusty, thin bladed knife to pry the arrow out of the tree. Gale tucked his kill into his belt and yelled, "Saint John, how are you going to get that to the Hob?" The two long time hunting partners were looking at him smiling. And it begins, Saint John thought. He replied, "I got an axe somewhere. Maybe I can convince Sae its dog wood and she can throw it in the soup." Gale chuckled softly and said, "Might improve the taste." Katniss looked down trying to hide her smile. Saint John smiled. He liked seeing Katniss smile. He looked at the tree for a second like he was studying it, rubbed his chin and said, "Then again, if it was dog wood I'd have to tie a leash around it to keep it from chasing Kat up a different tree." She pulled her arrows out of the turkeys and held them up admiring the kills. He could tell she was trying to ignore him but could see the ends of her lips curl up slightly. Saint John smiled, looked over at Gale and decided to get some help. He said to Gale, "Must be proud of her work. She looks like the cat that swallowed the canary." She started smiling just a little wider but Gale finished what Saint John started by saying, "I think you have a little milk on your whiskers Catnip." That did it. Katniss started laughing and replied, "I don't have whiskers! My name is Katniss, not Cat, Kitten or Catnip, Katnisssssssss," and made the end of her name sound like a cat hissing at them. Saint John meowed at her. He knew she wasn't mad, they teased her all the time and usually she gave as good as she got. Although there were days when she wasn't in the mood to be teased. On those days Saint John would ask her questions about the woods, various plants or setting snares. It normally got her mind off whatever was bothering her and then he and Gale could start a line of stupid jokes or exaggerated stories that sooner or later would get her nearly on the ground laughing. She sat down on a downed tree and started cleaning her kill. Saint John sat down next to her, picked up the other turkey and cleaned it for her. She scowled at him for a second but didn't say anything. The first time he helped her clean a kill she grabbed it back telling him it was hers. He smiled and told her all he was trying to do was help. It took a while but eventually she let him do things for her. He finished with his bird, leaned back and said, "Well I guess if I plan on eating today I'd better go fishing." He then set the bow and quiver of arrows he barrowed by the game and said, "Here, it's pretty obvious if I have to rely on my aim to eat I'd starve." Katniss looked at him with just a hint of concern in her eyes and replied, "You're not that bad, only missed by an inch or two." "A close miss is still a miss." Gale looked over from the other side of Katniss and said, "You just need more practice." Saint John looked down at his feet smiling and said, "That's a switch; you two trying to cheer me up." There were times when he could hear both of them from a half a kilometer away talking about how unfair their government, namely the Capital, was towards the districts. Since reaping day was only a couple of days away Saint John thought they'd be even more angry about their situation. He knew on that day every child in all the districts would have to stand corralled like cattle and wait for their names to be called. The two chosen, one boy and one girl, would then be sent to the capital, made a ridiculous spectacle and then put in an area and made to fight to the death until only one remains. Both Gale and Katniss were eligible to be chosen to represent district 12; the one where Saint John had decided to make his home. For some reason they seemed oddly subdued about the whole thing. He wondered if it was because they were trying not to think about it or they didn't want to talk in front of him. Saint John told them he was 17 so he should be in the reaping. But since the Capital didn't know he was here his name would never make it into the reaping bowl. He looked over and wondered if may be they were jealous that it seemed he found a way to avoid what they must be fearing. Saint John wanted to help them but wasn't sure how to without making things worse or getting everyone killed. Gale looked over scowling and asked, "What are you trying to say? That we're not happy and overjoyed about being forced to forage and hunt for enough food to feed our families? That in a couple of days we get to wait and see if one of us gets to die for the Capital's entertainment? That even if we do make to adulthood the best we can hope for is to work in the same mine that killed our fathers? Why wouldn't we be happy about that?" Saint John cringed inside for getting his best friend in the world angry about life in district 12 again. It wasn't that hard to do; Gale went off on that topic quite easily. Externally he didn't let any reaction show. Instead he leaned back farther and said, "Not you, you're always happy." He then bumped his shoulder against Katniss's and said, "Now sour puss here…..," and that was all he got to say. He felt her leg move under his and didn't try to stop her from pushing him backwards off the log. His back slammed into hard packed dirt. He set out a small gasp and said, "Ow." He wasn't hurt but it seemed like the right thing to say. Gale looked at him chuckling again. Katniss picked up her turkeys and the other bow, stood up and