Chapter 1 Disclaimer – All publicly recognizable characters, settings etc., are the property of their respective owners. The original characters, ideas and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. I only do this for fun. Note – Bella let me help her on this one as well and I'm sorry that I am just now getting it placed. I am glad that you all have voted on my next writing by myself. But I want some more. I was also thinking that if I finished another one, hopefully one I'm working on with Bella, I'll place two more stories up instead of just one. Only time will tell also I have been working on helping getting everything unpacked and its hard so I am not be on until the late evenings. Also I would like to tell my readers and I am starting a real book and if I get it published I will let you all know what the title is that way you can go out and read it. I was thinking along the lines of Fictional and Supernatural. Til then keep reading my fan-fiction stories... (~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~) (Faith's POV) My name is Faith Didyme Swan and I am seventeen years old. Some people don't believe in the supernatural, but I do. You see, I have a vampire's spirit stuck in my head. If you are confused, don't worry. I will explain, but let's start at the beginning. My father named me Faith, because when I was born I looked like every other girl on my mother's side of the family with black hair and green eyes. He had always hoped that I would never turn out like them and to be honest, I would have preferred it if I was the same. You see, every girl starting with my great aunt Mary-Alice has been driven crazy by visions of the future. When my mom was pregnant with me she started having them as well and they drove her into madness. From what my dad has told me she couldn't tell the difference between her visions and what was really happening. By the time my due date was near she could hardly sleep at night because of them and when she finally went into labor she was too tired to push, so the doctors had to do a C-section to get me out. Once I was removed, she began losing a lot of blood and the doctors couldn't save her resulting in her bleeding to death. Dad could barely be in the same room as me for the first few years of my life, so I was left to be taken care of by our maid, Anita, until he was able to move on. During that time, I became best friends with her daughter, Desmaraya, and to this day the two of still tell each other nearly everything. When I turned 10 I asked my Dad why he never talked about my mom. He told me that it would all be explained when I turned 15 and on the day of my 15th birthday, he sat me down and explained to me how all the women on my mother's side of the family have seen visions of what was to come in their lives and anyone that they meet. Once he was done he handed me three leather bound books and a letter. He told me how mom wanted me to have them and that they will help me with what was to happen to me if I began to get visions. Later that night, I open the letter and it said how the books were journals written by the women on my mom's side that had gotten visions. One journal was my moms and the other two were my great Aunt Mary's and my Grandma's. They explained how they learned to deal with their visions and even had written some of them down that were of importance. The last thing the letter said was for me to not read my Grandma's and Aunt Mary's journals until I was positive that I was ready to see what they had to say. I read my Mom's journal first and the other two at a later date. I was shocked at what had happened to my Aunt Mary, and how my Grandma was too afraid to tell anyone about her visions for fear of being locked up as well. I read all of the journals several times over, until I nearly had them memorized word for word. As time went by I never started to get the visions that the rest of my family had. I started to get nervous thinking that any day it was going to happen, but after lots of thinking and panicking, I eventually relaxed, because I realized that if I was going to get visions than I would have already gotten them. But low and behold, on my 17th birthday I got my first vision and have been getting them ever since. Unfortunately, that wasn't even the half of it. Not only did I get visions of the future, but I started getting visions of the present and the past. Thankfully, I learned to control all of my visions and when I got them, but the ones that I couldn't control were ones that were of importance that drastically affected the me and the people I cared about. They came anyway if I was looking or not. That was the only positive thing about the whole bit. But sadly, that wasn't all. At night as I slept, I began to have the oddest dreams. At first they started with me watching a lady from hundreds of years ago that surprisingly looked a lot like me. But as time progressed, so did the dreams. It turns out that the woman was turned into a vampire by her brother that she thought was long since dead. The next two months, the dreams slowed to the point where I only had one or two of them a month, but in replace of the dreams, I started to hear a voice in my head. I ignored it for the first little while, but as time progressed I came to realize that the voice was the same as the lady's that I had been dreaming about. I thought I was going crazy for the longest time until my cousin Bella on my father's side started to date an amazingly hot guy that she fell in love with at first glance. I received so many visions that came of the two of them together that it felt as if I was right there watching their relationship develop. One day, i got a vision of them talking about him going hunting. I thought nothing of it at first until the voice I had begun to despise started to scream at me how he was a vampire and I had to watch her closely or he could kill her. She explained how she was his singer and how that meant that her blood was more potent to him than anyone else's. Worried about my cousin, I called her the next day and asked her about her new relationship that had developed since she had moved back to Forks. She wouldn't tell me much about him aside from the fact that he was adopted by Dr. Cullen and his wife and how he had four brothers and sisters. I would have started to worry about myself if I didn't know that Bella dated a vampire up until her birthday back in September. I saw how at her birthday party she had gotten a paper cut and Edward's amazingly handsome brother went after her, resulting in Edward packing up his family and moving them to Alaska. Once in a while, I would still receive visions of the two of them together, because of I knew that they would be together again in the future and my visions always came true. When January hit, I saw that Bella was only progressing to get worse in her depression that she was in, so I convinced my Dad to let me move in with Uncle Charlie. He was barely ever home, not to mention that we never really got close, so he was fine with me leaving. Uncle Charlie was only too grateful to have someone to help him with Bella, so he made me a bedroom in their guestroom and I quickly got settled in. It was not easy to get Bella to open back up and start talking and leaving the house again. I had to jump through several hoops and the first time that I finally got her out of the house with a friend of hers named Jessica, she hops on some stranger's bike and takes off. Jessica was freaking out, but I had already seen that she would be back in just a few minutes. From there, she decided that she wanted to build some motorcycles with a friend of ours that we've known since we were kids named Jacob Black. Bella and I put some money together and ended up buying three bikes, but they were in despite need of repairs, which was where Jacob came in. He was only too eager to accept and we got along great. But what no one knew was that the second I met Jake, I had a vision of him telling me that a few weeks from then that he was going to change into a shape shifter, or a spirit wolf, as the Quileute's called them. I kept it to myself, knowing that if I spoke up, then I would only be outed about my own ability. When the time came and he changed, he started avoiding Bella and she began to get really upset. I knew that she was upset, but I also saw that he would come around. It was after a confrontation between the two of them that caused Bella to take off to try to find the meadow that I used to see her and Edward sitting in. Knowing what was about to happen, I insisted that I go with her. I knew that I could always prevent her from going, but I knew that it was important that we go there and that nothing bad would happen and it would also cause Jake to come back around. At the meadow, a French vampire who Bella called Laurent showed up and spoke of his friend Victoria wanting to get revenge on Edward and the Cullens by killing Bella for her mate's death. He planned on killing the both of us instead, but before he could make his move, the wolves showed up and chased him away and I knew that Laurent wasn't going to make it. On our way back to the house, Bella tried to explain, but I knew that it was the time that I came clean with her as well. I told her all about the women on my mother's side and my gift of foresight. I told her everything, except about the voice in my head. I figured that that would put her over the edge and have her believe that I was nuts. She surprised me by telling me that Edward's sister, Alice, had a similar gift, but she could only see the future. She also promised that she would keep my gift a secret from everyone, especially Uncle Charlie. From then on, it was easier to be around Bella when I didn't have to hide how I knew so much from her anymore. We had gotten closer and she told me all about the Cullens and even though I knew a lot already, it was nice to learn the things that my visions never showed me. She always asked if I could see