Ch. One Disclaimer – All publicly recognizable characters, settings etc., are the property of their respective owners. The original characters, ideas and plot are the property of the creator. The director/author is in no way associated with the owners, creators or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. I only do this for fun. Author Note – A.N.M is the abbreviation of After New Moon. I have seen a couple of stories such as this, where Bella's bite mark causes her to change, but I cant seem to remember the name or the Author. Sighs... If anyone can remember, PLEASE TELL ME! LOL. Now, Yes this is after Edward left in New Moon but Alice doesn't come back because she stopped seeing Bella as soon as she cut her finger on her birthday and Jasper tried to 'attack' her. Also Alice and Edward arn't really evil, but they only care about themselves in this story thus the reason Edward left and well, you'll find out. I also want to say thanks to everyone who voted on the Poll on my profile. I also took into account those who voted via reviews. Unexpected Changes came in first with Deadly Allies coming in second. Hope you enjoy the winner. Winks. Now onto the first chapter. Winks! Other Notes: Personal Thoughts " Eavesdropping" (~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~) (Volterra, Italy – Throne Room – 12:00 PM) Aro, Caius and Marcus were sitting over to the side reading some older books in their collection when a knock came to the door. Aro called out for those who were on the other side to enter only to see that Jane escorted a flaming red haired female vampire with bright red eyes. Aro tilted his head to the side as he watched the female look from him to his brothers then back to him in no more then a few seconds. Marcus sat in the only chair with a bored look on his face as Caius stood on the other side of Aro. The red headed vampire just stared at Aro and Caius as if Marcus posed no threat. "What can we do for you, my dear?" Aro asked with a sweet smile on his face. The woman looked between the three brothers as her eyes grew darker. "I would like..." She closed her eyes holding out her hand for Aro to take. "Please." Aro nodded and was instantly in front of the vampire. He took a hold of her hand and closed his eyes to allow his mind to focus on what he was seeing. It was only when he spotted Carlisle and his coven that he tightened his grip. He watched as Carlisle's first fledgling pulled the venom from the young female when she begged to be changed. Only when he saw enough, did Aro release Victoria's hand. His eyes opened and he looked at the female before him. "I understand perfectly my dear." He whispered turning his back and clapping his hands. "Felix, Demetri." Aro called knowing they knew what to do. Victoria's eyes widen as her gift kicked in only to be a little to late as Demetri grabbed her arms and Felix ripped her head off. In an instant, Jane grabbed a torch and light the females body on fire. Aro turned only when the fire was going and frowned as he stared into the flames. "What did she show you brother?" Caius asked with one brow raised. Aro sighed as he turned to Caius. "It seems that the Cullen's have broken the rules once again." He held out his hand to each brother. "Allow me to show you." Marcus and Caius took Aro's hands, allowing their brother to force the images he saw into their own minds through his gift. Marcus nodded in understanding yet Caius hissed as he jerked his hand out of Aro's hand. His eyes pitch black as he started to pace. "You do know what will happen, don't you?" Caius' was extremely aggravated because it had been years since a human vampire hybrid had been created. "If others find out about her, more will be created." "Then we shall send Demetri, Jane and Felix to go and bring the girl back to us." Aro said as he looked at Marcus. "What do you believe brother?" Marcus thought for a moment. "Be careful, Aro." He stood and headed towards the back entrance/exit. "I believe this Isabella will change us all if brought here." "For the good?" Aro asked in a light tone. Marcus said nothing as he disappeared around the corner at human speed. Caius frowned as he turned to Aro. His mind whirling of the outcomes and consequences if this girl was allowed to stay where she was located. They all knew the changes that were to come and wondered if they had already happened since it had been little over 7 or 8 months since the bite happened and the girl saved from changing. While this young female wouldn't experience the pain as a vampire would during the change of her body, she would more then likely appear different each time she slept. They knew if they wanted to keep a lid on their secret they needed to act fast. "I say bring her and anyone else that may have saw her recently." Caius said as he stood at the end of the table. "It is the only way to be sure she is protected." Aro turned his eyes to Caius. "What about what Marcus said?" "Marcus sees relationships," Caius scoffed. "Not the future." He looked at Aro. "You know the last change for this girl is to be her diet. While she can consume human food she will also need fresh blood and not the animal blood that the Cullen's feed from." Aro sighed as he took up the seat Marcus vacated. "Do you think I do not know all this, brother?" He hated being king sometimes. "We are damned either way thus I say send them to retrieve her but only her and the people that live in the house. We don't know if anyone else has saw this girl recently and I wouldn't like to take more humans then necessary." His eyes narrowed. "We do not need to draw more attention then we can afford." "Fine." Caius growled as he turned his eyes to Felix. "You have your orders. Go and retrieve this girl." "Yes, Master." Felix nodded his head as him, Demetri and Jane left the room. Caius nodded as he turned his red eyes to Aro, who had a thoughtful look on his face. "Brother?" "I was just thinking that maybe we should check out this Isabella." Aro said with a frown. "When I looked at her through the eyes of Victoria, it seemed she looked like a vampire yet was human." Caius raised a brow. "Could she be like..." "Ah, that is what I wish to find out." Aro smiled with a nod. "It would be a miracle to find their blood line again. The only humans that were born to be vampires. How I missed Mr. Swianney when he left with his family." Caius scoffed as his eyes narrowed. "You should have brought him here." He hated that the Swianney family were able to get away. "If you had, we would have been able to keep an eye on their family." "He wished to live away from us vampires." Aro waved his hand as he grabbed his laptop. "Now, if I remember correctly. The girls last name is Swan." Caius rolled his eyes as he picked up the book he had layed down when Victoria arrived. He hated when his brother allowed the one family in the entire world to be born to be vampires leave the safety of Volterra and the ruling vampires. Although he had to admit he was shocked that the Swianney line was able to survive but then again humans were very willful creatures. (Forks, Washington – Quileute Reservation, Clinic – 11:00 AM) Bella sighed as she cut her eyes over at Charlie as he read the latest magazine that was lying on the table. She could hear whispers in the back of the clinic and couldn't help but wonder why it smelled like wet dog in here. It was rather thick but she couldn't understand because of the fact she didn't see any animals around. Her left hand absently rubbed the scar on her wrist where James had bitten her. Her eyes darted to her father again and wondered what was happening. She realized not long ago that she started to notice things changing. At first she began to realize she was no longer as clumsy as she had been. Bella thought it was just her growing up but when she started to smell things she shouldn't, like her fathers blood as well as other scents. She knew she needed to try and find the Cullen's only her search lead her to dead ends. No pun intended. It was then she decided to go for a short run one night. Bella ran a few minutes until she noticed that even with it dark, she could see a little better then before. To her it looked as though it was still dusk yet she could see the moon high in the sky. Bella had went back home only to realize just how far she ran in such a short time. She kept a journal and hide it very well that way Charlie wouldn't find it. In the back of her mind, Bella couldn't help but wonder if Edward didn't get all the venom out of her system since it seemed she was changing only without the extreme pain. Bella sighed as she pulled at her jacket sleeves. She had a bad feeling coming here because of the look Charlie had been giving her the past few days. She didn't know if it was her imagination or not but he seemed to be trying to figure something out. "Isabella Swan." Sue Clearwater called out for her. Bella smiled and stood along with Charlie. She sighed as she headed into the back with Charlie following rather close behind her. Sue lead her to a room that had a small table for her to sit on while there were two chairs along with a stool. The walls and furniture was white as she suspected. Charlie sat in one of the chairs as she hopped up on the table. Sue looked over the chart then walked over to her and blocked her from Charlie. She tilted her head as she locked eyes with Bella. "If you would, pull up your sleeves." Sue asked her with a serious tone. Bella swallowed and nodded, doing as she was asked. Sue looked at her left wrist then picked up her right one where James bite mark was. Her eyes went to Bella as she pulled the stethoscope from around her neck then placed it in her ears as she listened to Bella's heart beat. Bella kept her eyes on the wall as if interested in something until Sue pulled the cool piece of metal off her chest. When she did look at Sue, she noticed a stern look on her face. "I'll be right back." Sue said as she headed out of the room with her folder. Charlie frowned as he looked at Bella. "What did she check, Bells?" "Just my heart beat and breathing." Bella hoped that would pacify him for the time being because she couldn't help the bad feeling she was getting. Neither of them spoke as they sat there. Bella was listening to the foot steps that were going back and forth in front of the door. It was then she heard Sue on the phone with someone. She didn't understand what was going on until she heard something that caught her attention. " ...like a Cold Ones bite." Her voice was rather quiet yet Bella could hear