OKAY! So, I am the most terrible person on the planet and have decided to start ANOTHER story. But... this one will be easer to write because it doesn't follow a strict story line. I think that is what holds me back from updating my other stories. But this one will be different. I'll be able to make my OWN story line, and do what I want to do. No books that I have to follow, no canon, no nothing. It's all me. XD and I'm strangely excited! I'm not going to tell you what it's about, but I hope that you will enjoy it. XD XD Artemis knew she was screwed. Despite being daddy's little girl, she knew that she wouldn't be able to weasel her way out of this one. But, in perfect honesty, it wasn't her fault. It was all the male's fault for running near her without a shirt on. And how was she supposed to know that it was one of her father's demigod children? I mean, he didn't appear like a demigod. Despite the unnatural shade of blue that his eyes had been, and the fact that he bore a striking resemblance to her father and that he smelled slightly of storms. Despite all of that, he was just another disgusting male that took women whenever he wanted and had no restraints whatsoever. Right? Either way, as she walked towards the massive golden doors that lead to the throne room, she knew that she was dead. Taking a deep breath, she pushed the doors open and was met with the lone sight of her father silently sitting in his throne. Frick. Walking forward slowly, she bowed before her father and began to make her way to her throne, only to find that it wasn't there. Extra Frick. Turning towards her father, she asked, "Father... where is my throne?" Zeus's eye twitched as he responded, "Simple. As of right now, you don't have one." Gulping, she posed another question, "Where is it? And what do you mean ' I don't have one.'? " "It's exactly as I said Artemis. You. Don't. Have. One." he responded, lightning flashing dangerously in his eyes with every word. "If I may be so bold, might I ask why?" Zeus's anger was immediate. "YOU DARE ASK WHY! YOU KILLED ONE OF MY CHILDREN, YOUR OWN HALF BROTHER! AND FOR NO REASON WHATSOEVER TOO!" he bellowed, causing his usually proud daughter to cringe slightly in fear. Standing up straight once more, she quickly reorted, "In my defense father, he ran past me naked. He was a pig of a man, and the world is better off without him." Zeus's nostrils flared at this. "He was a pig of a man? He was a father, a husband, a school teacher, a warrior, my son, loyal to those he loved, and was NOT naked WHATSOEVER! Now, his wife and three children are left fatherless because of your stupid, thickheaded, biased, idiotic, cruel, and unfounded hatred towards men." Now it was Artemis's turn to get angry. "UNFOUNDED HATRED TOWARDS MEN?! FATHER DOZENS OF MY HUNTERS HAVE BEEN USED, RAPED, AND ABUSED BY MEN IN THEIR LIVES! I HAR-" she began, only for Zeus to cut her rant short. "A FEW!" he bellowed. "A FEW! A FEW of YOUR huntresses have been abused by a FEW MEN! Not ALL men on the planet have taken and had their way with one of your huntresses, Artemis. And yet your hatred towards them are all the same. No matter who they are, what they do, or who they love, all you see are a bunch of rapist pigs. And if the actions of a few men define all men, then all women are slutty, lust-filled, pole dancing whores who bang every single crotch they can lay their hands on." Artemis stared at her father in both shock and disgust. How dare he talk about the clearly significant and perfected race like that? "How dare yo-" "ENOUGH! I have frankly had enough of you feminist BS Artemis. If women are so perfect, then how come it was women who fell to temptation first and committed the first sin? How is it that women get drunk more easily then men, or that they are weaker physically and emotionally than men? They can't even define themselves, while most men know what they want and how they feel at all times." Zeus said, the dangerous edge leaving his voice as he lectured his daughter, leaving behind a serious undertone. The only thing Artemis could do was blink. She wanted to make a come back so bad, but she knew that her father was right, and that by denying what he had just said would be denying fate and fact itself. Instead she simply accepted the fact that she was going to receive some sort of punishment and asked, "What will be my punishment... father?" Zeus frowned at his daughter, disappointed and put out that she had cut to the chase and eliminated any chance of him being able to rant longer. "Your punishment is quite simple." He began, a slow smile forming on his face. "First and foremost, your status as an Olympian Goddess will be temporally revoked. You will become a full-fledged mortal and you will feel human emotions to their fullest. You will no longer lead your hunt. During this time, your hunters will follow Thalia as they had followed you and will be given assignments as I see fit." Artemis, despite the feelings of shock and anger that were coursing through her, nodded slowly. "Will that be all? If so, I must be off to tell my hunters the news and join the ranks with the younger girls." she asked, her body turned towards the door. Before she could take a step closer to said doors, they slammed shut and a gust of wind pushed her direction back towards her father. "No. That will not be all. And you will not be joining your hunter either... but, you will hunt. That much is correct." Artemis smiled slightly. If this was her punishment, it wasn't shaping out to be so bad. Sure, she wouldn't be an immortal goddess for an extended period of time and would have the burden of being a human to its fullest, but those were all things she could handle. "Anything else?" This is where Zeus smile when from slight to pure evil. "Yes. One more thing. You will not be hunting alone. And your hunting partner has already been picked for you." he said, the tone in his voice seemed too happy for the punishment that he was about to be giving. Artemis shrugged. "Alright. As long as she can shoot a bow, I'm sure we'll manage to get along just fine." Zeus's grin about broke his face then and there. "Oh. It isn't a she. It's a he." Artemis blanched. "Excuse me? Did you just say it was a he? As in... male? " "Yes I did. And it's not just any male either..." "Is it Apollo?" "No. "Hermes?" "Once again, no." "Perseus Jackson?" "Child. Stop guessing and think." Artemis tapped her foot for a moment and shrugged. "I'm lost father. I don't know who else you would put me with that I could tolerate." "Ahhh... but that's the thing daughter. This is a punishment, not a vacation. You will most certainly not be able to tolerate this male. And, just to top it off, if you hurt him in anyway that won't heal properly without medical help of any kind, I will turn you into a male; with the duration depending on the seriousness of the damage. And, if he should happen to die at your hand, or in anyway where you could be involved, even if its the slightest possibility, I will turn you into a male with your own female brain still intact, until I see fit to turn you back to normal." Zeus replied, the look on his face telling Artemis that he wasn't joking in the slightest. Artemis, needless to say, was completely horrified. This wasn't just a punishment. No, it was a personalized hell. Not only did she have to spend time with a male, if she was to hurt him in any way whatsoever, she would be turned into one. Hope of a pleasant punishment was quickly disappearing and being replaced with a massive black hole feed from despair, anger, anguish, and hopelessness. "As of now. Your punishment is in act." Zeus boomed. Waving his hand in front of Artemis, she could feel her domains and power leave her, leaving her feeling empty, only for them to be replaced with a bombardment of emotions that overwhelmed her and cause her to cry in despair. And just to top her craptastic day off, Artemis could feel her body changing, becoming bigger and heavier; her breast becoming fuller, waist becoming wider, hair growing in length, and her muscles growing in strength. It quickly dawned upon her that she had aged as well. Looking up upon her father, she suddenly felt very powerless and her tears began to flow with renewed vigor. Zeus, despite punishing her and being angry at her actions, shrunk down to human size and embraced his daughter in a hug. No words were exchanged as the father and daughter embraced. Standing back, Zeus wiped the tears off his daughters face and smiled. Kissing her forehead softly, he whispered, "I love you Artemis. But, even daddy's little girl has to be punished." She sniffled, but nodded nonetheless. Wiping the last bit of emotion from her face off with her arm, she stood firmly in front of her father and said, "I'm ready." Zeus nodded and picked up his daughter, his size once more that of a god. Snapping his fingers, Zeus watched as a small portal appeared in front of him, lightning cackling around it every so often. Holding his hand over the portal, he told Artemis that he loved her once more, and then dropped her through the portal. 'Be safe dearest. I love you more than you know.' Artemis found herself in a forest. Taking in her surroundings, she spotted a simple wooden bow and a quiver of arrows laying on the ground a few feet from her. Leaning over to grab them, Artemis frowned slightly when she felt something restricting her movements. Looking down, her gaze became flat and annoyed. Where her once manageable breasts had once been were now a pair of noticeable larger, heavier, and far more restricting breast. 'Great. Thanks Dad. You just had to give me big boobs. Love you too.' Grasping the bow firmly, she played with the string for a moment before slinging the quiver over her shoulder and notching an arrow. If she was going to be hunting, then she might as well be prepared. Standing up, she slowly began to walk around, her eyes scanning the forest consistently, ready to lose her arrow at the slightest movement. Turning left, Artemis came upon a sight that was... interesting to say the least. Standing in a small clearing was an Empousa wrapped around a boy, her lips furiously interlocked with his. Her hands wove themselves into the boys hair, quickly, but quietly, casting her spell upon him. Artemis rolled her eyes. ' Men. So weak.' Turning away, she began to walk away, only to stop when she heard a low moan, and it certainly wasn't masculine. Her curiosity piqued, she turned around and peaked from the side of the tree. To her surprise, the man wasn't on the ground dead yet. Most Empousa finished with their meals rather quickly. Instead, it seemed as if he was in control, wrapping his hands around her waist and slowly drawing them up her back until he reached her head. His hands interlocking behind her head, pulling her closer, causing her to melt into him. She moaned once more and began