Disclaimer : I don't own the Hunger Games franchise, unfortunately. Sass Says : I would love to thank my lovely, amazing beta: StayingAlive223. I would be totally...blah without her. 3 My eyes flutter between open and closed as my mother sits down on the corner of my mat. She moved the rags that were helping to cover up our makeshift window, causing the sunlight and all its irony to spill through onto my face. It shouldn't be so bright on a day like this. I groan and turn onto my side, pulling my thin sheet over my head to shield myself from the ever present day. "Rosalie," my mother says, placing her frail hand gently on my shoulder and pulling the blanket away from me once and for all. "Rosey, get up. I've let you sleep in too long." "Is Thatcher awake?" I grumble, not wanting to be the first one up on such a dreary day, despite the radiance of the sunlight refusing to remove itself from my warm skin. A deep laugh from the other side of our crowded room confirms my suspicions, "Yes." "I am too, so don't try to use me as an excuse, either." That would be Rosetta, although I don't know why she's even awake. Today, everyone has off from work and school. If I was her, I would have stayed in bed all day. Or, perhaps not. I don't know if I'd have been able to sleep when my two younger siblings were thrown into the Reaping. Either way, I don't want to get up. Not today. Any other day, I would have gotten up, albeit begrudgingly, to get ready for work. I've been working since the day I turned twelve, when I noticed I was being slowly weaned off of school so that our precious Capitol could eat. Now, while the Capitol lavishly devours our tedious labor, I receive only a mere hour of education from noon to one. Even so, I usually skip it to take an extra shift of work. Mother didn't like when I abandoned my books for the calluses and blisters on my scarred hands. But each passing hour presents to me a few more sad coins that are added to my family's small collection. I still work up in the trees with some of the younger children. If I don't get reaped this year, I'll be getting my own place in the fields or the factory with my mother and sister. Thatcher, my older brother, was moved to the farms when he was fourteen, where his tall, muscular build was much needed. He's eighteen this year, his last year to participate in the Reaping. If he doesn't get drawn, my parents have managed what few others have – two children safe; two children who weren't forced to compete in a killing competition for the entertainment of the Capitol. Then, they only have to wait three more years for their youngest to be safe, too. At only fifteen, I'm already counting down the days until my last Reaping; until I'll be safe for good. But, I don't have a good feeling about today. That's why I want to stay here; on my mat bought from the tessaraes that Rosetta, Thatcher, and I have taken. "I'm dressed, too, if you were wondering." Thatcher's laughing again. I open my eyes to peer at him through my dark lashes and see his cheeky grin. "And Rolex is waiting on us, so I'd hurry up if I were you." Rolex is our long-time neighbor and Thatcher's best friend. Lola, Rolex's sister, is a year older than I am, but we've been friends for years. She works in the fields already, and is part of the reason I want to head there as well. "Seriously, Rosalie. The Peacekeepers won't like us being late." I find it amusing that he tells me this because Thatcher is the one who's always at odds with the Peacekeepers. They don't like him because he's sullen around them, and he's always smarting off at them. He's been trying to tone it down—particularly because he knows what his public whippings to do mother—but he and Rolex hate them with a passion they sometimes can't seem to subdue. It's because of the Peacekeepers that neither Rolex nor Lola has parents, and it's because of them that we no longer have Aunt Rosemarie anymore. Aunt Rosemarie used to take care of us when we were younger. She was unable to work, so my parents left us with her while they went off—a babysitter, of sorts. She played games with Thatcher and me, but she was also the one who taught Rosetta how to read when the instructors called her incapable. She taught me how to sing and whistle so that, when I was put in the trees, I would be able to relay the message that work was done. Now, my sister works in packaging, my mother there alongside her. Mother's the one in charge of making sure that all the boxes are labeled properly so that we—the outer Districts-don't get more supplies than the Capitol. My father works out on the farms with Thatcher and Rolex. They do all the heavy lifting because the Capitol won't allow us to have machines after "The Incident" happened lo those years ago. "The Incident": A group of workers who ran the machines rebelled against the Peacekeepers after a young girl was executed. Using the equipment to their advantage, the workers managed to off three Peacekeepers before they were caught and executed themselves. No machines have been allowed since then, forcing back-breaking work upon the men in the District. I still hold my place in the trees, but everyone assumes that I'll end up working with the rest of my family in packing. I'd rather be out on the field with Lola and like Aunt Rosemarie, though. They get to work near the fields where my father and Thatcher labor, and I've decided that pulling and planting vegetables isn't too hard of a job. I would rather be outside letting the sun soak my skin than inside the factory with its white walls and artificial light. Inside, the temptation to give the Capitol spoiled goods is strong, and the temptation to give the outer Districts more food almost overpowering. It'd be better for both my family and me if I worked out in the fields. I usher Thatcher out of the room and slide into a worn, patchy green dress. It used to belong to my mother, but she passed it on to Rosetta, who passed it on to me, when she was free from the Reaping. My mother has altered it so that it doesn't fall off my skinny shoulders. Normally, I braid my hair out of the way for work, but, as today is special, I leave it loose. As I pull on my stockings, my mother brushed through my tangles until it falls in loose waves over my shoulders. I can feel her hands shaking as she works, causing the butterflies in my stomach to flutter yet more violently. We all leave our shack of a house and walk silently with Rolex and Lola. I can feel Lola's hand shaking in mine the closer we get to the center of the town. I squeeze it to let her know that everything's going to be okay, but Rolex has already beaten me to it. He throws his arm over her and smiles when Thatcher does the same to me. "You don't have that many tessarae yet, so don't worry, Rosey," Thatcher's just as tense as I am, even if he won't admit it to me or even himself. "What are the chances of either of us getting picked?" I almost snort. What are the chances? "Don't jinx yourself," Father snaps, but none of us read too much into it. My father has the tendency to worry, but he always calms down as soon as our names aren't drawn, still safe in the glass bowl with thousands of others. He has been worrying about his children getting reaped from the moment Rosetta turned eleven nine long years ago. It had been especially bad when all three of us were of age. "Wait until after the Reaping's over to joke around." He says things like that every year, but the truth is that no one jokes or celebrates after the Reaping because, inevitably, one boy and one girl are always chosen. The entire District mourns for them, and we all try to help the families for as long as we can, which isn't really saying much. The entire town seemed to die on the inside during the Second Quell four years ago. M y mother had been particularly on edge. Then, with forty-eight tributes, Rosetta and I both could have been drawn in for the girls, and Thatcher might have been picked for the boys. To our surprise and luck, none of us were chosen for what seemed like the bloodiest Games in history. No one got to watch much of those Games, though. The only broadcast happened to be in the square, where everyone was encouraged to watch, but few were so lucky. We all had jobs that needed to be done. They rigged it to where there were radios playing the voice-overs of the infamous announcers Claudius Templesmith and Caesar Flickerman. We got to hear Haymitch Abernathy crowned victor, but we didn't get to see how he won until much later. I remember the immense celebrations of the outer Districts. It's rare for us to win the Games. They say he turned to drinking, though, like Chaff had. And a shame, too. He was handsome for a sixteen year-old—dark curly hair that hung low over his steely grey eyes, lean and muscular with a mischievous smirk on his mouth. It's hard to think of him as an alcoholic, at only twenty years old. But that's what the pressures of the Games do to you, I suppose. "Good luck, darling. I love you." Mother hugged me first, whispering words of encouragement through my hair and into my ear, her breath warm on my neck. She turned to Lola next while father talked to Thatcher and Rolex. I wait until he's done before letting him pull me away to tell me the same. They both place a kiss on all of our anxious heads. None of us are the best off, but we have each other. My parents hadn't been legally allowed to take in the two orphans, but they basically live with us anyway, sharing what little they have with what little we have. It's a mutual agreement that seems set in stone after so many years. As we wait in line to have our fingers pricked, I can't resist the urge to turn towards my brother with an accusatory look crossing my face. "How many times?" He told my mother that he only took three tessarae over this past year, but even I knew that he was a liar and that it had been much more than that. Lola turned towards Rolex with the same look crossing over her features. "How many times is your name going to be put in that bowl?" Thatcher shared a glance with his best friend before they both shrugged their shoulders at us. I didn't have it in me to be too angry with either of them, especially because I know that both of us had lied to our mother. We're a poor District, and it is frightening to think about what would have happened if we didn't get what miniscule bit our family couldn't to provide for us. Rosetta had been somewhat of a miracle. Even my parents were shocked when she finally admitted to them how many times her name had been entered by her last year – 84. "I'm at 80, even," my brother finally answers when the Peacekeeper forcibly takes his hand