A/N:I should know better than to start a new ff right now. But I couldn't help it. Rockstar is almost doe, so posting this new story. Please leave me a line if you feel I should continue this one. Disclaimer: Stephanie M may own the characters but I own this version... The sun was rapidly approaching the horizon. The road stretched for endless miles ahead of her, skirting the rocky coastline. Ocean waves crashing in a deafening rhythm on the rocks hugging the tiny strip of asphalt. Late summer heat crashing down on her as she ran towards nothing. Music blared in her earphones. Keeping her in check. The beat of the drums keeping cadence for her stride. A few cars slowed down beside her, high school kids calling out things she couldn't make out, but then moved on towards their own journey. Other than that, she was solitary in her run. The day had been hectic. Moving boxes from the rental to the small cottage, driving the rental back to the city, coming back on the bus, cleaning, storing, fixing. She was tired even before the start of her run... but it was a necessity she couldn't let go of... running to reach a void inside her head... running to forget all the voices, to make sense of all the chaos... The robotic voice in her earbuds announced the halfway of her goal, so she turned around and ran with the sun setting beside her. The music mellowed down and she slowed her pace to a light jog. It was getting darker. The sky a beautiful mix of indigo, rose and orange. Soon she could make out the frame of the cabin. A small dark triangle against the shrubby mountain, in the distance she could see the small twinkly lights that indicated the small town ahead. A small sliver of doubt settled in her heart. Could she make it out here? She shook her head and focused on her stride. Too soon she was standing in her own porch, stretching away the stress in her body. Her clothes were soaked and she felt her own musky scent showcasing too many hours of housework and a long run. The house creaked as she sauntered up the steps to the bathroom... old houses, she smiled, they never seemed to stand still, to stand silent... always an opinion, a sound, a rustle... As she started the shower, the pipes hummed awake from their slumber. She removed her running shoes but stepped under the water still in her clothes. Old habits die hard. She waited until her clothes were soaking wet and then slowly began peeling away each layer. As her nurses had taught her, this trick minimised the itching from her wounds. The shower itself was a punishment, drops of water that felt like pins and needles against her skin. No bathtub meant she would have to endure it every day. A pang of sadness darkened her heart. Just for a second. She found herself missing her room in the hospital, then she shook her head to clear it. Pain. She could deal with physical pain, but hated herself for missing stupid crazy comforts. Like a warm, long bath, a comfortable bed, suitable wound dressings. After the shower began the nightly ordeal she knew all too well... Lotions and creams, dressings and bandages... Covering the skin on her back from her neck down... Sleeping gown she'd kept from the hospital. She found the generic fabric and oversized backless pattern, slightly comforting in all the chaos that her life had become. The house creaked and complained again as she ran downstairs to make sure all doors were locked, windows shut, alarm set. And then ran back up with her tea and sandwich to lock herself in the bedroom. Pain killers, sleeping pills. Tea. Half the sandwich. Hiding under the covers. Sleep finally claiming her before one terrifying last thought: would he find her out here? … Bella woke up just before dawn. The sky was still gray. She didn't feel rested. She felt every scar on her back, every wound on her chest and belly. Her leg hurt. Everything seemed to be spinning around her. She regretted her workout the day before. She pulled her weight off the bed and crawled into the bathroom. She emptied her stomach on the toilet. That immediately made her feel better, settled her spirit. So she brushed her teeth and pulled up her hair in a ponytail. Next she pulled on some old torn jeans, a white t-shirt and sneakers. Phone in one pocket, cash in the other, she stepped out into the cold wind. It was a long walk into town. She thought about buying a bicycle next time she went to the city but immediately gave up after wondering about bringing it on a bus. ... It was a small town. Its buildings gathered around an intersection of two regional roads near a tiny bay. No tourists ever stopped here. It was clear to her the town folk didn't take kindly to strangers. Most of the people in town either worked at the lumber mill or made a living fishing. A small dock stretched right by the bay. Most houses skirted the opposite hill. There were a couple of bars along the main street, a small clinic with a drugstore/post office next to it, the fire station, the police station, and a general store doubling as a gas station, in which she stood right then. She'd rented one of the few cottages belonging to the owner. Hers was the only one farther away from town. She was aware of other people staring at her as she wandered the aisles. She felt like a shiny doll on display. People were whispering. No doubt wondering about the faint scarring still visible on the back of her neck. "Ah! Ms. Swan, how's the cottage treating you?" Tanya, the owner, was at the check out. She was louder than usual as if addressing the whole store. As soon as she spoke, the other shoppers stopped staring. The large woman smiled at her brightly. She wasn't really friendly and genuinely concerned for her lodger. There was a story there, and Tanya wanted to get to the bottom of it. A young woman, alone, in this part of the world? The whole town was buzzing for gossip, and Tanya was intent on getting the story first, so she could make the appropriate changes if need be… "I'm still getting used to it." Bella's voice was quiet. She was afraid of this woman. She could sense about her what she had sensed about women in general: there was pettiness there. A burning envy. Sick competition for attention. "Let me know if you need to fix something up there... The pipes are ancient in that place..." Tanya registered Bella's items and placed them in two plastic bags. As Bella half lifted the heavy bags from the counter, Tanya dropped her smiling face just for a fraction, real concern creeping in around her eyes... Tanya might be a gossip, but the woman in front of her was clearly frail and Tanya was still a christian. Tanya scanned the store until she found who she was looking for. "Ah! Hey, Ed!" Tanya waved at someone behind Bella. By this point Bella's heart was racing... She didn't want anyone to make a fuss... And she didn't want anyone's attention. All she wanted was to start moving uphill and get home. She moved closer to the exit but Tanya grabbed one of her bags and smiled at her. Bella was aware of a tall muscular person moving behind her, and she turned around gently. Blood pooled into her cheeks as she realised there was a man in beige uniform behind her. "What can I do you for, Tanya?" The man had a gruff husky voice that matched his masculine exterior. Bella didn't dare look up to his face, her eyes carefully trained on his shirt's buttons. "Sheriff Cullen, would you please give my lodger a ride out to Tempest Point? I'm afraid she hasn't got a car, and I'm sure it's about to start to rain..." Tanya batted her eyes at the officer, she was happily married but Sheriff Cullen always made her feel flirty. He was the most eligible bachelor in town and all the women had tried unsuccessfully to catch his attention. He was handsome, tall and strong. But Tanya had never seen him with anyone from town. He was the youngest sheriff in the state. A kid from the city. The story was he'd been a rising star straight out of the police academy, had been quickly promoted though the ranks to homicide detective, and then his first case had somehow changed his ambitions. When old Sheriff Cooper retired, he invited Cullen to run for the post. He'd kept his post as Sheriff for the past four years and everyone respected him, even if they thought he might be secretly gay. Bella felt the heat burn her face, she didn't want a ride, she wanted to be left alone. She hated that Tanya had made the people in the store notice her. She didn't want to be a burden to this man, who clearly had more important things to do than give a stranger a ride home. "There's no need... I can walk home, there's no need to make a fuss..." She protested in a low whisper and tried to pull the bag away from Tanya's grasp, but the older woman's hand wouldn't budge. She watched as he leant over her slowly. From behind his mirrored sunglasses, the Sheriff smiled. It was a frank open smile even though she couldn't assess his eyes. She felt her heart move to her throat. He gently removed her other bag from her hand, as well as taking the one Tanya held. "Sure thing, I'll just pop these in my truck, while you grab me a cup of joe, Tanya!" He grinned at the large, blonde woman. He was angry. Bella knew he was angry even though he smiled at Tanya. His tone was sarcastic, but Tanya seemed oblivious to it. The woman beamed at him as he exited the store and placed the bags on the back seat of his pickup. Bella had a sudden urge to run out of the store and uphill towards the cabin, she almost made a move but then remembered she actually needed all the supplies in the sheriff's car. She sighed and hung her shoulders, Tanya grinned at her. "Now, now, Ms. Swan, you're in for a treat, our Sheriff is a true charmer." There was an actual twinkle in the woman's eye as she turned to pour some coffee into two styrofoam cups. It was a lie. The Sheriff's temper had a fame of it's own in town, Bella had been told that by the pharmacist the day before. She had imagined an old grumpy character, not a young man who looked handsome enough to be in the cover of a fitness magazine. Tanya handed her the cups. "Here you go! Now get a move on because he's a very busy man!" Tanya smirked as she almost shoved her tenant out the door. She needed to make her calls, get the rumours started. Share the news. And these kinds of news where like gold nuggets. She trembled in anticipation of the fun she would have at the expense of both of them. Bella looked on as the officer finished arranging some stuff on the back seat of his truck. He was tall, muscular but lean. His beige uniform was pressed hard against his body. His demeanour was rigid, formal. She couldn't make out the hue of his hair because it was hidden under his stetson. His eyes were also protected by his sunglasses. A hard jawline was traced under his stubble. It wasn't an actual beard, more like he'd foregone