I don't know how many people still care about my DNGG/TSNB!Peeta and Katniss, but I'm hoping that giving the question "did Katniss and Peeta adopt another baby?" an answer might help motivate me to start writing again. This takes place almost four years after the epilogue. As always, I own nothing. Notes will be at the bottom. Two ''It's that—the thought of the few, simple things we want and the knowledge that we're going to get them in spite of you know Who and His spites and tempers—that keeps us living I think.'' Dylan Thomas (1914-1953), Welsh poet. Letter, late 1936, to Caitlin, later Thomas's wife. The Collected Letters of Dylan Thomas (1985). The water crashes against the white sand in a rhythm as steady as the ticking of a clock. It crashes and then is swallowed back up by the current only to swirl and crash again. The ocean has fascinated me since the first time I saw it, when I went with my parents to move Leaven into his dorm at the University of Miami. I had grown up in a landlocked state and at that point I hadn't traveled much. The only time I'd ever gone out of state, and really out of Miner Falls, was when we moved Rye into his dorm at Virginia Tech, and Miami was an entirely different world than Blacksburg. At the same time as the ocean fascinates me it also terrifies me. It stretches out as far as the eye can see, into some sort of abyss, a meeting of the earth and sky. There is nothing scarier in life than the unknown and that is all the ocean is – the deep dark crevices we can't explore, the place where the sun disappears into the horizon. So my heart is beating out of control every second that Prim and Lucy spend at the edge of the shore. My daughter, as it would be, loves these moments our family spends at the beach. Every year, around the time school lets out for me, our clan sets out to spend a week relaxing and enjoying each other's company. We know that time is not our friend, so we plan all year just to take a few moments out of our busy schedules to be together. This year, Rory made all the reservations for a rental on Hilton Head Island and we've been on the water ever since we arrived. And, of course like every child does, Lucy seems dead set on giving me an aneurysm. She is having the time of her life stomping in the wet sand after a wave breaks, looking up at Prim after every jump and tugging on her aunt's hand to try and go just a little bit further. I haven't even cracked open the beer Haymitch handed me an hour ago just in case Lucy somehow breaks free from Prim's grasp and I have to take off after her before she gets swept away. It's ridiculous really. The water is shallow enough by the time it gets to Prim and Lucy that it just barely tickles their toes. Lucy is jumping in the sand more than she is the water. And, as hard as it is to realize, Prim is an adult and one who understands the workings of the water better than myself. But those types of thoughts are never far from my mind now and haven't been since we brought Lucy home almost four years ago now. It's such a cliché, but I never realized I could love someone in the way I love my daughter. Katniss stirs in the chair beside me. It has to be close to ninety out and she's covered head to toe with a big straw hat Hazelle found at a shop, a long-sleeved cover-up and the shade from a gigantic umbrella. I've asked her multiple times if she wanted to go back up to the rental, but the answer is always the same. Katniss loves being outside and no speaking to a dermatologist will get her to give it up. She'd rather sweat to death than miss the squeals Lucy lets out with Prim down by the water. "You too hot yet?" She lifts the rim of her hat and I use my finger to press lightly on her exposed calf. My thumb leaves a small light circle against her skin. "You're starting to burn." She shrugs and grabs a towel from the ground, placing it over her lower legs. "There." I give her a look. "I'm fine, trust me." There's a small part of me, deep down in my gut, which knows I'm going to outlive my wife. It's not that Katniss isn't healthy per say. She's been in remission for over a decade now and the doctors are confident that it won't be the leukemia that gets her in the end. It'll be complications, long term effects that no one really knows too much about. One of those long-term effects is that her body was pounded with radiation off and on for over a decade. As a result, her skin is as fragile as Lucy's, if not more so. Her olive skin, once so much like Haymitch's and the Hawthornes', just can't take the same beating as it could have if she had never been sick. She sits up in her chair and pulls her knees to her chest so she can rest her chin. "She's having such a blast." I look back down at Lucy. She has a piece of seaweed in her little fingers, waving it around as she clings to Prim with her other hand. Today is our last day at the beach and she is definitely going to be unhappy about leaving tomorrow, partially about the actual beach and mostly about Prim. After this week, Prim will head back to Boston and we'll go home and Lucy will have to wait until Thanksgiving before Prim comes back. The vacations we take together always fly by so quickly. It feels as if we've just arrived and in a few hours we'll be going our separate ways. We'll say goodbye to Rory and Prim at the airport. Prim still lives in Boston, still loves her job, and I don't know if she'll ever move back home. Rory's living in New Hampshire now and is working for the Department of Health and Human Services. The rest of us are headed home. Vick works for a company in Charleston now and it's hard to believe that Posy is almost twenty. She's going to be a sophomore at State this year. And, of course, it seems like just yesterday that we adopted Lucy and now she's almost four. "Yeah she is," I say. "I just wish she liked making sandcastles more." Katniss laughs. "You're such a dad." I'll take that as a compliment. When the latest wave crashes at her feet, Lucy spins around and sprints as fast as she can on her little legs back to our spot. Like a rocket, she launches herself on Katniss, wrapping her arms around her mother's neck. The brim of the hat is so large it covers them both. "Did you have fun, Lu-bear?" Katniss coos, her hands running through Lucy's soft honey curls. Lucy nods her head and yawns, the heat of the day catching up to her. "I think someone's ready for a nap." "No, Mama," she insists, her fingers clawing into Katniss's cotton cover up. "I'm not tired." People who don't know us often say that Lucy takes after me. It's something of a bittersweet moment that affected us more when she was an infant than it does now. But, on first glance, I can see how the paleness of our skin would act as a unifier for our family. Her personality though is so similar to Katniss's that our own friends and family sometimes forget that Lu isn't biologically ours. I stand from my chair and lift Lucy off Katniss and into the air. She squeals as her feet kick and her arms flail. "You're not tired?" I ask, trying my best to sound flabbergasted. "No!" she squeals. I pull her face down so our noses are practically touching. "Mama's a little tired though," I tell her. "Don't you want to go nap with her?" "Nap with Mama?" I nod. Lucy thinks for a moment and then breaks into a grin. She reaches out to pat my cheeks with her hands and I rub her nose with mine. Finally, she tells me okay and I hand her back to Katniss so I can get our things packed up. Just as I finish with folding one of the chairs, I can feel Katniss's lips on my ear. "You must think you're really sneaky." I turn and wink at her. It's not my fault that Lucy is in a phase where she'll do anything if Katniss is doing it too. If I can get Katniss inside and out of the sun and get Lucy to take a nap, I'm not going to waste an opportunity to kill two birds with one stone. Katniss adjusts Lucy on her hip and I kiss both of their cheeks. "I'll be up soon." She rolls her eyes but leaves nonetheless. Lucy continues to wave at me until Katniss turns out of sight. When I go back to our things, Prim is sitting in Katniss's chair ringing seawater out of her hair. She smirks and rolls her eyes, looking too much like her sister while she does it. "You two are sickeningly adorable," she says. Most of our party has left. Hazelle and Storm are wandering the shops while Rory and Vick are throwing a football around down the beach. Vick's wife is watching. Haymitch is snoring away in a chair next to us and Posy disappeared for fries a while ago. I stick my tongue out at her and she chuckles. I know she's joking. Prim might be our biggest fan and has held the position since she was twelve. "You're going to break my daughter's heart, you know," I say. "Maybe I'll just bring her home with me. She'll fit in my luggage, right?" I play along. "Sure, you just need to grab her bag and you're all set. We'll see the both of you at Thanksgiving." Prim laughs and I kneel down to pick up Lucy's sand toys. Once I have everything set, I trek back to our cottage. Katniss is sitting on the back porch, Lucy resting in her arms, and looking out at the water. I kiss the side of her head as I fall into one of the seats beside her. "She fell asleep as soon as we sat down." "Did you sing?" Katniss nods. Lucy, much like myself, can't contend with Katniss's voice. We're both goners when we hear it. We sit like this for a moment, with no noise but that of the beach just beyond us. I couldn't ask for a more peaceful few minutes. With the hand that's not rubbing Lucy's back, Katniss slides her fingers into mine and I squeeze her hand gently. She turns to look at me. "This might be the last time it's just the three of us," she says. We activated for a second adoption on Lucy's third birthday. It could be any day that we get a call and, I'll admit, I've had my phone on the loudest ring setting for the majority of this vacation. However, we do know that it might not be in the coming days or weeks or even months that we get notified. We may not get notified at all. As nerve-wracking as it is to wait and wait and wait, this time hasn't been so terrifying. Part of it is because we know we have Lucy and there is nothing that can take that away. If Lucy is what we get we are more than blessed. In fact, it was Katniss