Hi, everyone! The response was so wonderful for Do Not Go Gentle . I am so grateful for every review and every follow, rec, or favorite. You guys are the best. I know I said that I wouldn't be writing a sequel and, I suppose it's kind of bending the definition, but I don't count this as a sequel. I see Do Not Go Gentle as complete and does not need to have anything after it, however the response was so wonderful and I had so many dedicated readers ask for more, even weeks after the last chapter was updated, that I couldn't say no. So, this is a continuation for you guys. It doesn't need to be read as a sequel. Since Do Not Go Gentle paralleled the three books (three parts for three books), I guess this would technically be the unwritten pages between the last chapter of Mockingjay and the epilogue, where Katniss and Peeta grow back together. So, I feel like I'm writing a fanfic of my own fic, as weird as that sounds. So, I guess you could think about this as a post- Mockingjay parallel. This will also be split into parts, just like Do Not Go Gentle . Again, I struggled as to whether I should split them into chapters or just give them to you whole. I decided it flowed better whole. The parts will be around the same length those in Do Not Go Gentle , but there will be five parts instead of three, which will loosely follow the five milestones of adulthood - c ompleting school, leaving home, becoming financially independent, marrying, and starting a family. Since I'm at school, the updating will not be as frequent as it was when I was writing Do Not Go Gentle , but I hope to be as frequent as possible. Enjoy! This is for you guys. Disclaimer: I own nothing. They Shall Not Break Part I Here we are, now you're in my arms I never wanted anything so bad Here we are, for a brand new start Living the life that we could've had -Skillet, Lucy There's a tradition we do in Miner Falls. It's called a toasting. When two people get married, the reception is held at their home. Those invited – which, let's be honest, ends up being the entire town – bring various items to congratulate the couple. Practical gifts, like glassware or quilts, or food items for the potluck with a recipe guide for the couple to put in their books are the typical fares. Then, after the cake and some dancing and right before the first of the crowd head home for the night, the couple takes a loaf of bread and toasts it in the fire. They feed each other. I suppose it dates back generations. It signifies that the couple can sustain on each other. They don't need any outside influence. They have each other and their love and, according to legend, that's always enough. In today's modern capitalist society, our tradition is more fantasy than anything else. Rye's fiancée, or wife now I suppose, thought the tradition was darling . Her mother thought it was quaint . Her father looked at us all like we were uncivilized, as did the majority of her fancily dressed out-of-state guests, including her snotty sister Glimmer. Primrose Everdeen, on the other hand, thought it was the most romantic thing she's ever seen and, when Rye and Lux fed each other she just about died. Prim tugs on her sister's arm as Leaven shoots a cork out of a champagne bottle, my mother hissing behind him all the while. "Will you and Peeta do a toasting, please? It's so beautiful." Katniss blushes and it's so dark her face turns purple. In order to save her, I walk around and grab Prim by the waist, lifting up the fifteen-year-old and swinging her around. "Planning our wedding already?" I joke while she giggles. I set Prim back on the ground and she goes over to hug Katniss, telling her she was only kidding, but Katniss now looks thoroughly uncomfortable with her arms crossed over her body and her foot tapping the ground. It's not that Katniss doesn't love me. I know it's not that. It's that she never imagined being married. She never wanted it. And, on top of that, Katniss doesn't plan for anything. It goes against her views. After surviving a fierce battle for her life, a battle that can rage suddenly and without warning, talk about the future makes her uneasy. She knows more than anyone that plans can change at the drop of a hat. When Prim is whisked away by Rye, I walk up to Katniss and bring her close to me. She rests her head on my chest and my chin falls on her hair. "You okay?" I ask. She shrugs and adjusts the glasses on her face. Due to the total body irradiation she received prior to her stem cell transplant, she developed cataracts in both of her eyes. She just had surgery to remove the second cataract two weeks ago and her eyes are still healing. She absolutely hates wearing glasses and is hoping that it won't be a permanent feature. Her ophthalmologist, who specializes in cancer patients with drug-induced eye problems, is keeping her hopes cautiously high that she'll only need them for activities such as reading. For the past few weeks, Haymitch hasn't let her do much of anything. He's even waited on her hand and foot, thinking that if he doesn't let her move she won't do anything to her healing eyes to cause any complications. Today's the first day in weeks he's let her out of the house except to go to her appointments and I can tell she's exhausted. I find a seat against the wall and fall into it, bringing her with me. She curls into me, taking a much-needed load off her feet. Although she's no longer battling leukemia, there are daily reminders of her fight. Despite her physical therapy appointments with Finnick Odair, and the fact that she can run freely most days, there are moments when the nerves in her legs decide to malfunction. She developed chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy, which can leave her feet numb or cause fiery pains to shoot through her. That's rare though. Mostly it's in her physical appearance. Her hands will be scarred forever due to the graft-versus-host disease that took over her body after she received the stem cell transplant that put her into remission. The radiation to her lower abdomen and pelvis left her with digestive problems, so she has a nutritionist to ensure she gets the nutrients she needs and a dietician who works to keep her from becoming underweight. It takes more effort for her to learn something than it does for others, but her tutor Annie has worked with her tirelessly to ensure she's ready for college in September, the first time she'll be in a school setting since kindergarten. But she's strong. Nothing impresses me more than the fact that, despite everything she's been through, she can smile. And, let me tell you, it's a beautiful smile. While Katniss rests, I scan the room. There is such a clear divide between those from Miner Falls and those who came to see the bride. My mother, who I see cozying up to our new in-laws, couldn't be more thrilled with Rye's choice of spouse. I can see why he gave me Grandmother's pearl engagement ring. Although – having met Lux before – I know she would have loved the charm, her family would not have. Considering Glimmer's maid-of-honor dress cost upwards of a thousand dollars and the fancy plantation where the engagement party was held featured in The Notebook , I can only imagine what her parents would say to an old pearl engagement ring. Not that I'm complaining. I look down at Katniss's hand and trace the pearl with my thumb. I like being able to see Katniss wear it, more of a promise ring for us than the engagement ring our grandmother expected it to be when she left it to Rye in her will. My father sits with a few of the Miner Falls guys at a table, all of them tugging at the ties around their necks. Mr. Cartwright and my dad, who I don't think I've ever seen dress formally for anything, look completely out of place. My father couldn't care less about fancy parties and social functions. My mother, on the other hand, is thriving in this new development. Bonus points to Rye, the son who was already far and away her favorite, for picking a girl of status. He's got the degree and he's secured himself with a major corporation after an internship with the company's vice president his junior and senior years. They're even paying for his MBA. Leaven and I, we've got a lot of catching up to do. Although, I think I'm pretty much sunk in my mother's eyes. I heard her earlier tonight telling Lux's mother about my schooling. She hates that I go to State anyway, so for her to have someone to complain about it with, since my father doesn't care and most people in Miner Falls live and breathe for State football, is like a godsend. "What are you thinking?" I look back down to see that Katniss has lifted her head off my chest and is staring at me as I let my mind wander. She looks up at me through her glasses and any thoughts of my mother fly right out of my head. I lean down to kiss her forehead and grin. "You're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen," I say. Katniss is terrible with taking compliments. She ducks her head a little, blushing fiercely, but her lips creep upward. "I'm not supposed to upstage the bride," she says. I shrug and tighten my arms around her, pressing her toward me. Lux is beautiful. She's blonde, with the brightest green eyes and a nice smile, and I can see why Rye is attracted to her, but Katniss's beauty is both inside and out. Her perseverance is just as wonderful as her appearance. I'm hopeless and it's a lost cause. I've fallen into Katniss Everdeen's trap and have no desire to ever crawl out. Rye and Lux's living room, which is about the size of our house in Miner Falls, has been organized so there can be a food station and room to mingle. The door to the deck and yard is open. There had been a dance floor out there earlier, but now that the sun is beginning to go down and the late summer's night breeze is beginning to set in most of the guests have come inside. I can see Hersh on the deck with Prim, both of them sitting on the railing with sodas and Prim animatedly telling him something, her arms flailing wildly. Delly's out with them and she catches my eye through the open door. When her eyes flicker to Katniss, whose head is back resting on my chest, she smiles. "Hey," Rye says softly in my ear, coming over to rest his hands on my shoulders. He stands behind the chair and looks down at Katniss before ruffling my hair. "You can head out whenever, you know. The important stuff's done." I nod, realizing Rye is whispering because Katniss is asleep, despite the loud sounds of the room. It is a long drive over state lines to get Prim and Katniss home and then another forty-five minutes back to Miner Falls. Leaven is staying the night with his girlfriend, who lives closer to Rye and Lux than we do, and our parents have taken the luxury of renting a hotel room. I'm the only one heading out for the long journey home. It's weird to think of home without