A/N: Written for Prompts in Panem, The Language of Flowers, Day 7. Jonquil: "Desire" To wish for or want either a person or a thing, desire is described as the strong feeling associated with needs or longing. It may refer to a sexual yearning or a deep-seated ambition. Trigger Warning: Major Character Death When You Go Through The Valley My brother has spent the last four years of his life studying biology. He is the pride and joy of our town and of our family, especially now that he has been accepted to med school at Harvard. In May, he'll graduate undergrad and then in the fall he'll begin his training to become Dr. Mellark. One day he'll save lives. Too bad he can't save mine. The fact that I'm still alive right now is a miracle, one that my doctors repeatedly reminded my parents of when the time came to have the discussion about ending treatment. I found it fascinating to watch the differences in how my family showed their grief. Dad did what he did best and ignored the doctors. On the way out he even tried to make an appointment with the receptionist. My mother argued and then went home and I haven't seen her since. My brothers don't know yet. Dad doesn't want to tell them during their finals if he doesn't have to, nor does he want to ruin my brother's senior week festivities that will happen after. The doctors don't think I'll die until September, so he doesn't feel the urgency yet. To be honest, I don't think he'll admit it until they're lowering my casket. Johanna says it's morbid to talk like that. But it's the truth and I've been sugarcoating things for the last few years. I don't want to anymore. Finnick adjusts the baseball cap on my head and smirks. "You ready?" I nod and Jo gets up off my bed. "Then let's go." Johanna's older brother goes to school about a half-hour away from us at the state university and we've been allowed to attend one of his parties. The perks of dying. None of us have ever had alcohol before and we've decided that now is the time to do it – together. Blight drives us back with him and he and Johanna fight the entire way about which radio station we should pick. Finnick and I sit in the back. Finn rolls his eyes and then turns to look out the window. I do as well, leaning my head against the glass and looking up at the stars that are beginning to sprout in the sky. We zoom down the highway and I'm worried that the constant changing lanes will make me sick, but surprisingly I just feel calm. I want so much for my life. So many desires. I want to swim in the ocean. I want to fall in love. I want to watch the sun set with the love of my life and then watch it rise into the sky again the next morning. But, most of all, I want to spend every last moment I have alive and I have an indeterminate amount of time to do that. Tonight I am. When the doctors told me that the medicine wasn't working and I convinced my parents that I wanted to discontinue treatment, instead of mourning Finnick and Johanna helped me make a bucket list of things I wanted to do in the time that I have left. They told me that they could mourn me later, but not when I was still here. It's more than I can say for a few of my other friends, kids that started mourning me before I even started really dying. I always have it with me, the bucket list. It's only a piece of loose leaf, torn haphazardly out of Johanna's AP Biology notebook. But I've looked at it enough over the last few days to know what's on it without even looking at it. The paper is just a reminder, a keepsake. At the top of the list is number one. Fall in love. Finnick crossed that out and replaced it with: don't die a virgin. He said that it's hard enough to find love at our age without the time constraint. Jo said she didn't want me to get disappointed. The odds certainly aren't in my favor, but maybe. Once they left I re-added it at the bottom. Finnick touches my arm and I startle, opening my eyes. We're here. I hadn't even realized I'd fallen asleep. "You okay?" he asks. I nod. … The house that Blight lives in isn't too crowded when we arrive. Only his roommates are there, but the crowd is expected any time. He pours us all shots and we cheer. Jo takes hers first and nearly chokes on it. Finnick takes it like a champ but also drinks an entire can of Coke after it. I'm nervous as I tilt it down my throat. It burns and settles in a hot mass in my stomach. It doesn't keep me from taking another. Before I can even realizing it, Blight's place becomes packed and dark and sweaty. In the living room the furniture is all pushed to the side and people are dancing close together, some even attempting to dance in the same square of space. Everyone bumps together, jostled by those around them and swaying uncoordinatedly to the beat. I feel like I'm outside my body. It's an odd feeling of being grounded and heavy but at the same time as light as air. Finnick is off somewhere dancing with a petite brunette and Johanna is mastering the beer pong board with her brother. I stand near the stairs, trying to keep my balance. We don't sleep when the sun goes down We don't waste no precious time All my friends in the loop Making up for teenage crime… "Hey, cutie." The voice in my ear is loud and startles me so much that I jump. The blonde giggles, resting her hand on my arm and smirking. "Sorry, didn't mean to scare you," she screams. She has to for me to hear her over the noise. I shake my head and let my eyes fall over her. She has long luscious blonde hair and a great figure accentuated by the clothes that barely covers any of her skin. Just by looking at her, I know that she is one of those girls that knows that she's hot. And she's talking to me. Holy shit. "Dance with me." I'll do whatever she says. I'm not a very good dancer though. I was able to go to one Homecoming before my diagnosis and Finnick never stops reminding me that I am never going to be one of Beyoncé's dancers. I'm okay with that – no one in my family is really musically inclined and we all have two left feet. The blonde takes control though, pressing her back into my chest and her butt into my pelvis before beginning to sway. Holy cow. Rye would die if he saw me now. Maybe this is God's way of saying he's sorry for the shit storm that has been these last couple years. We dance through a few songs before the girl spins around and starts to push me toward the door. Once we're outside on the porch – I hadn't even realized there was a porch in the back – her lips are on mine. The last time I kissed anyone was Delly Cartwright after the movies on a date that went so horribly wrong the summer before freshman year. I don't have much to go on, but the girl doesn't seem to care. I pull back. "What's your name?" I ask. She rolls her eyes. "You can call me Glimmer." Glimmer. This blonde perfect college girl is Glimmer. I feel like I need to commit it to memory. I open my mouth to tell her my name but she starts kissing me again. Her hands are everywhere – on my face, on my jaw, in my hair. I keep mine at my side at first, unsure what to do, and then put them on her hips as she presses into me, her chest on mine. My brain feels like mush and I try to focus on what I'm supposed to be doing. I should have gotten a crash course in kissing before getting here. Finnick sure knows how and he could have given me a few pointers. Glimmer slides her arms around my neck and then lets her fingers glide over the top of my button down. Should I move my hands off her hips or– Her fingers brush my central line. "Ack!" Glimmer shrieks, pulling back and then literally jumping away from me. "What the hell is that?" Oh shit. I know she hasn't pulled on it or damaged it in a way that would hurt me, but it has clearly surprised her. My head is suddenly less of a fog as I lift my shirt enough to look down at my chest. Unfortunately, it moves enough for her to see the port. "It's–" "You freak!" she squeals, shaking her head and storming away. She yanks the door open and reenters the house, not even turning around. I lean against the railing, the cool air nipping at my skin and the buzz in my head still there. I can't tell if I can't focus because it's too dark or because of the alcohol. It doesn't really matter, I suppose. The music changes and everyone starts to cheer. The muffled song floats out onto the porch. I don't know where you're going, But do you got room for one more troubled soul I don't know where I'm going, But I don't think I'm coming home And I said, I'll check in tomorrow if I don't wake up dead This is the road to ruin and we're starting at the end… The stars have always comforted me. When I was younger, my dad really took to heart the idea that the stars are our loved ones telling us that they're okay. My mother called it a load of bull, but Dad clung to it like a lifeline. I suppose that might be why I believe in something else beyond this life. How can there be something as grand as the stars, these big bursts of gas so large that we can see them light years away, if there isn't something greater? Well, it's a comforting thought at least. I've always been hopeful. I'm not going to turn into a cynic now. So Glimmer won't help me with my list. She won't be the first and she certainly won't be the last. … The house is quiet when I walk in the next afternoon, my neck stiff from sleeping on the floor in Blight's living room. Dad left a note on the counter, saying he headed into the bakery to help train the new help and telling me to relax. He adds in no less than six exclamation points, as if me sleeping will help me in the long run. I roll my eyes and grab my jacket off the hook again. The bakery is only a few blocks away but it takes me longer than it should now to walk there. I have to stop every once and a while, sit on the curb of the sidewalk and catch my breath. Dad's right – I should probably sleep. I just don't want to. If it weren't for me, Dad wouldn't have to hire extra help. I'd be there, just like my brothers were before me. I wouldn't be told to sleep in the middle of the day. I can sleep when I'm dead. "Hey, you okay?" I look up and almost swallow my tongue. The girl on her bike, which is stopped right near me, is beautiful in a much different way