This story was written for my friend arollercoasterthatonlygoesup to celebrate her birthday and originally posted to my Tumblr page. She requested this prompt: Everlark meeting at a concert/having the same taste in music and bonding over it. The music is so loud that it floats in through my window like some sort of tease. It's too hot to close it, but I'm almost ready to sweat to death just so I don't have to listen. I should have insisted that Dad put my air conditioner in my window when he did Prim's yesterday, but it's only June and this heat wave will pass eventually. Just not tonight. I groan and roll over, covering my head with a pillow and trying to drown out the music. Of course, when I found out that Luke Bryan was coming to the state pier, I wanted to go. My parents, both born and raised here in the northeast, hate country music more than any other type of music and had zero idea of why I would ever want to do that. My dad even asked, as a joke, how I could be his daughter. When I asked Prim if she wanted to go, she stuck up her nose. If it's not Taylor Swift, she wants nothing to do with country. The only other person I would consider asking to go with me is Gale and he works on Thursday nights. Once I figured out that I'd be going by myself, spending the money on a ticket didn't seem like a practical idea. Or an entertaining one. Going to a concert by yourself? As much as I'm not a people person, even I know that doesn't sound like fun. Of course, that was before I realized the music would be so loud it would travel the two miles between the pier and my window. I flip over and lay on my back, staring up at my ceiling. I could go down there. I won't be able to actually get onto the pier, but I could hang out nearby. There's a decent park near the ferry terminal and there's always the parking garage. I could actually probably see the stage if I got up on the top of it. It's better than just sitting here in misery. I grab my phone and wallet, stuffing them both in the crossbody that Prim got me for my birthday. I told her I'd never use it. I'm not really a pocketbook kind of girl. But I figure why not? It'll make my mother happy – she wasn't exactly thrilled at my reaction when I opened the box. All of them are sitting in the living room, watching a baseball game. Dad's got the newspaper in his hands and Mom looks like she's watching the live feed from QVC on her laptop while occasionally looking toward game. Prim is in the corner of the room, her headphones in and her eyes glued to the screen of her phone. "Dad?" I ask. He looks up. "Will you drive me downtown?" He looks up from the paper and chuckles. "What are you going to do down there?" Mom gives me a look. "Are you really going down there? You won't be able to see." "I can hear," I tell her. Dad laughs. "Sure. I'll bring you down there," he says. He teases me the entire ride down and to mess with him I turn the country music station on his radio. Once we get there, he parks in one of the spots along the main street next to the harbor and asks if I want him to come with me. I know why he asks. It's after dark and, while the city is relatively safe, my parents aren't extraordinarily comfortable leaving me on my own. I shake my head and tell him that I'll call when it's over and I need him to come get me. He clearly wants to argue, but I'm eighteen now and in the fall I'll be off to college and on my own. That's my argument. Let me breathe while I'm in my own city. He tells me to call him when the show ends. If I thought it was loud at home, it's even louder down here. I've barely rounded the corner to the entrance to the pier and I feel like I could be right next to the stage. I walk up right close and see how far I can get before they have it gated off and I lean against the railing. The water laps below me and music swirls through the air. I shut my eyes for a moment and listen. I'm glad that I came. There are a lot more people than I figured would be here, many with the same idea as me. There are plenty of people who are clearly drunk and then others like me who aren't. There are some who come dressed to the nines in 'country' wear – they've got their cowboy boots and hats and everything. Then there are others who, like me, came in whatever they were wearing. I'm lucky I wasn't in my pajamas because I hadn't even thought to change. About ten yards away from me is a group of kids – or adults? They look like they could be college age. The two girls are passing a water bottle back and forth between them. There's a guy who, even in the darkness, I can tell is ridiculously attractive. There's another guy too, this one with very blond hair. So blond that it almost glows in the darkness. The non-blond guy has his phone out, trying to hold it up above his head to capture them all. I roll my eyes. That picture's not going to come out very good in the dark anyway but there's no way that can be a flattering angle in any light. The blond guy takes the phone and moves to take the picture of the girls and the other guy, but he gets told off for doing so it looks like. They're far enough away that I can't exactly hear over the music, but close enough that when the blond guy turns around we can make eye contact and he starts coming toward me. I turn back toward the water. Oh no. "Hey!" I turn back around from where I had decided to hide by looking down at the water again. The blond boy is now right in front of me and I can just make out his features in the moonlight. He has a strong jaw, pale skin that seems illuminated, and a head of what look to be soft bouncy curls. He's like a movie star and I know he must be older than me. None of the boys I just graduated with look nearly this put together. Everyone always jokes that Gale has looked like a man since he was fourteen, but this guy makes him look like a pimply teenager. This guy must be in college or even graduated. He's too old for me to even consider liking. Liking. I haven't even spoken to him. This is why I've never had a date. "Would you mind taking our picture?" he asks. His grin is crooked. I don't even speak. I just follow. I'm such a sucker. Within seconds I'm handed an iPhone and the four of them get into position. I take a few and each time the flash goes off I think I've blinded everyone within a five yard radius, but when the girls take a look they seem to like the photos. They thank me and I head back to my spot. Even though I couldn't really hear them before, now it seems like all I can hear. All of them are laughing, talking, enjoying themselves, and I look down at the water, trying to let the music drown out their voices. I've never really had a group of friends that I could do stuff like this with. I've never really had a group of friends. I have Gale, but he's my cousin. He kind of has to be my friend. And Madge but we're more companions than friends. We hung around at school but we've only seen each other outside of school a handful of times. I mostly just stick to myself, and I like that usually. But it's times like this that I wish I had at least someone. I feel a person come to stand beside me, but I don't look up from the water until he speaks. "Are you all by yourself?" It startles me a little and I try not to make that obvious. But the blond boy seems sincere. I'm surprised that he's talking to me and I'm not entirely sure what to do. This boy's smile is just as beautiful as the rest of him. Interacting with boys, especially attractive boys, has never really been my strong suit. Whereas most girls get all cute and giggly, I turn snarky and, at my worst, hostile. Gale always tells me that if I'm ever going to get married I need to lighten up and I always tell him I'm never getting married. I nod my head. That's all I dare to do. He grins and looks over his shoulder for a minute before turning back. "I kind of wish I had come alone," he says. "Those three know nothing about good music." "They don't like this?" He shakes his head. "They're here to appease me mostly," he says, but he doesn't look too upset about it. "And, considering this is one of my favorite songs of his, I figured I'd come stand by someone who enjoys it as much as I do." I hadn't even been paying attention to the music since he came over. I listen for a few seconds to figure out which song it is. I know all his songs. He's my favorite artist. It doesn't hurt that he's just as good looking as he is at singing. "... And we spent that week wide open, upside down beside the ocean. I didn't know where it was goin', just tryin' to keep my heart on the tracks ..." It's not one of his extremely popular songs, but I recognize it easily. The blond boy starts singing along softly. "... I should've known that kind of feelin' would have last longer than the week did. Blown away and barely breathin', Sunday came and it was over. Now she's got me twisted like an old beach roller coaster ..." We both sing along with the lyrics and when the song ends, the blond boy holds out his hand. "I'm Peeta, by the way." "Katniss." "Mind if I stand with you?" I shake my head. Normally, standing with a complete stranger would give me anxiety. I'd want to get away as fast as possible. But standing with Peeta doesn't feel like that. It's an odd feeling – like I've known him my entire life but I know next to nothing about him. I know what one of his favorite songs is and that his singing voice is pretty terrible, but nothing else and yet I don't want to move away and I don't want him to go back to his friends. He stays with me for the next hour, right up until the last song is played and people start to head out. And just when I think he's going to say goodbye and walk over to his friends – who are probably perturbed that he left them alone anyway – he nods his head toward them. "Do you want to come with us?" he asks. "We're going down to Middle Wharf." That's a bar and, not just any bar, it's the one my uncle owns. A lot of college kids like to go there. I bite my lip. And here is where the fairytale ends. "Oh, I can't," I say. "I'm not twenty-one." His face