Hi Everyone! I know this is probably the last thing anyone wants to see from me, but this story demanded to be written. I was hoping that getting this done and out of my hands would allow me to focus on the two stories that I really need to finish – Girls and Anywhere. What I really wanted to do with this was focus on Haymitch/Johanna/Finnick's pre-THG storylines with a modern day twist. I also really wanted a Grey's Anatomy inspired fic. Thus, this happened. Originally I wrote it as my submission to F4LLS; now it is reworked. If you read the original you'll see some overlap, but there are some major differences. It's not Everlark, I know. There's a moment or two in there if you squint, but this story really centers on Haymitch, Finnick, and Johanna. I hope some of you find it interesting, despite the fact that this isn't the popular story format. For those of you who watch Grey's, you'll see some parallels. So as not to ruin it, I'll put in quotes and scenes from the show at the bottom. Warnings: Major character death, references to alcoholism. I think that's all. Title comes from "Unarmed" sung by Mariah McManus. Enjoy. Much Too Far To Go Alone "There's a reason surgeons learn to wield scalpels. We like to pretend we're hard, cold scientists. We like to pretend we're fearless. But the truth is we become surgeons because somewhere deep down we think we can cut away that which haunts us. Weakness, frailty, death." -Dr. Meredith Grey, Grey's Anatomy (4x05, Haunt You Every Day) The rain in Seattle is almost unbearable. When he started, they all said he'd get used to it. You know , they had said, just like those winters were normal to you in Boston, the rain will seem natural. You won't even realize it's coming down. He had believed them, mostly as a survival mechanism. He had the next seven years as a resident to be stuck in the Seattle rain, but now after more than two decades to get used to it he knew better. He's fairly certain he would have taken the "Snowmageddon" over this crap. He hears from old classmates still in Boston that the absurd amount of snow that fell in February isn't gone months later. It's almost as if the sky opens up. The rain comes down in thick sheets where only fog once lingered and he can barely see despite his windshield wipers flying at max speed. He turns on his internal autopilot and tries not to think about how awful the rain makes him feel. There is a reason they choose rainy days as backdrops to sad scenes in film. It's depressing. Someone parked in his usual spot and he circles the lot for another vacant place semi-near the entrance. It's coming down so hard that he even runs like a fool to the doors – and he's still soaked. He goes in through Emergency, which is the closest door to the parking lot, and nods to the group of nurses at the station. He peeks his head into the bay to see if there's anything interesting and spots his fifth year resident almost instantly. Dr. Finnick Odair will make a fine neurosurgeon one day – but he has no plans to say that to his face any time soon. He walks up to him and snatches the notes out of Finnick's hand. His eyes skim the record and grunts. "Soccer practice? In this weather?" Finnick grabs it back and glares at him. "Indoor soccer." He begins walking toward curtain four. "Aren't you supposed to have the day off anyway, Haymitch?" Haymitch follows him over to the curtain and grunts again. "Update me on the patient." "A. I'm not your intern anymore," Finnick says. "You missed that boat by four years. B. You're supposed to be sitting on a couch with a rifle trying to scare the shit out of some teenage ball of hormones." Haymitch goes to open his mouth and Finnick cuts him off. "You told me, explicitly by the way, that if you were still at the hospital past noon today to personally find a replacement surgeon and to escort you out of the building, but if I'm being a hundred percent honest–" he smirks "–these scrubs are made of the highest quality cotton and I'm afraid to get them wet." "You're a cocky son-of-a-bitch, Odair," Haymitch says. "I learned from the best." Haymitch grabs the notes and pulls open the curtain. "Hello, I'm Dr. Abernathy and this is Dr. Odair. How are you doing, Maren?" The girl in the bed sucks in a breath through the oxygen mask. "Better, now that I can breathe." "Maren is allergic to bee stings and was stung today at practice," Finnick says. "She was treated for anaphylaxis, but she hit her head on the goal post during the event and says her head hurts at about a seven out of ten." "Stupid bee, it's an indoor league," the young girl says, her voice gravelly. Haymitch does a quick exam. He would usually have the residents, like Finnick, do any consults like this but today he needs to keep his mind occupied. "Schedule her for a head CT," he says to his mentee. "I want to rule out any bleeds." Finnick nods and follows orders, even though Haymitch effectively stole the patient right out from under him. Too bad , he decides. I need this today. He leaves the ER and takes the elevator to where the locker room is located. He takes his scrubs out and changes, attaches his badge, and pulls out his stethoscope. He even pulls on his white coat even though he doesn't really need it. His fingers glide over the embroidery above the left breast pocket – Haymitch Abernathy, MD . Beneath his name and credentials – Head – Division of Neurosurgery. This is where he thrives. How many people can say that they can cut open a person's head and save their life? He may not be the best person in the world – far from it – but at least he's a good surgeon. At least he has that going for him. In the back of his locker is a photograph, tucked into a cheap magnet frame. He quickly grabs his pager and slams the door shut before he can take in the smiling faces he knows are behind the plastic sleeve. He tucks his pager onto the waistband of his scrubs and marches out of the room, ready to see what craziness is on the surgical schedule today. He doesn't get too far though before he hears his name. Dr. Plutarch Heavensbee used to be his mentor when he was a resident, the only attending that Haymitch would listen to despite threats of losing his spot in the program. Now the neurosurgeon is Chief of Surgery – the busiest man in the Department of Surgical Medicine, the one who deals with all the paperwork, the one to make sure the unit is a well-oiled machine. "Haymitch, what the hell are you doing here?" "I'm sorry, I have a fifteen-year-old with a possible brain hemorrhage, no time to chit-chat." "You are scheduled for a day off, you don't have surgeries today," Plutarch says. Haymitch shakes his head. "I'm here and I'm rested. Put me on the schedule or I'll do it myself." Plutarch glares at him. "Do you enjoy making my life difficult?" "Every minute of every day." The chief rolls his eyes and falls into step with him so they walk down the hallway side-by-side. When Plutarch took over the chief position when Dr. Seneca Crane retired a few years back, he had been the one to insist to the board that Haymitch take his place as Head of the Division. It had been the moment that Haymitch had been waiting for since he was seven years old – and he had had to think about it. He never imagined himself to be the domestic type, but sometimes Fate is a fickle fiend. In the end, the longer hours and more responsibility be damned. This is who he is and he wasn't going to change for anyone. "You're going to regret this, you do know that right?" Haymitch stops midstep and points a finger in Plutarch's face. "I don't want any parenting advice from you right now. Clear?" Plutarch raises an eyebrow and Haymitch just shakes his head. "Believe me when I say she's much happier with me here. It's not like I'm her father." Then he takes a few quicker steps, forcing Plutarch to pick up the pace. It effectively changes the tone of the conversation, exactly what Haymitch intended to do. He doesn't want to think about what he's missing by being here – but then again, it's not like the girl actually wanted him around anyway. So he'll let Effie do her thing and eventually when she stops being furious with him for walking away, she'll send a picture. It'll be almost as if it all worked out like the perfect fantasy she had in mind. It's better this way. "Okay," Plutarch concedes. "You can have this one patient. If she needs surgery she's yours, but you take one of the juniors with you. And then I suppose you can stay here on standby in case we end up swamped. You probably have some paperwork to catch up on anyway." Haymitch grins. "You're a good man, Plutarch." "You didn't give me much of a choice." The two stop in front of the surgery schedule. It appears that many of the non-emergency surgeries have been delayed by at least an hour. Typical. And there are a few empty slots at the bottom. "Slow today?" Haymitch asks. Plutarch nods. "Empty board day," he says. "Never know what's going to happen on an empty board day." Haymitch thinks back to the last empty board day. It's always hit or miss what happens in the OR. One day they have surgeons fighting for space and the next it's a ghost town. Haymitch usually gets an OR when he wants one. His specialty is in trauma neurosurgery, so he typically sees the worst of the worst – the hardest to save and the most likely to die. But that's the population that keeps his blood running. The adrenaline kick he receives at the notice of an open head wound or intracranial pressure is enough to keep him going through the loss. The ability to try again, hope again, that he can save the next one. Hope. It's a funny thing. It's the only emotion that he's found to be stronger than fear. "Haymitch!" Both Plutarch and Haymitch turn around. Finnick has the scans in his hand and gives them to Haymitch. He puts them up to the light and swears. "This is why the girls never played sports," Haymitch says to Plutarch. "Look at the damage this girl got from a goal post." "Archery is a sport, Abernathy," Plutarch laughs. Haymitch glares at him. "Not one where she can slam her head into a goal post." He turns to Finnick. "Book an OR and have...who's the most junior on duty tonight? Have them prep the patient and scrub in." "Gloss Ritchson?" Finnick says. "You stole this patient from me and you're having Gloss Ritchson, the intern, scrub in." "You'll get the next one, Dr. Odair," Plutarch says. "In the mean time, page Ritchson and update him on the case." Finnick grumbles but doesn't make a scene in front of the chief. Haymitch can tell he's furious at him for what just went down, but Plutarch is right. He'll be in on the next surgery and he'll be able to put a scalpel to a brain rather than just watch. Haymitch needs this surgery entirely tonight to keep his mind focused. Gloss is in the watching and learning stage right now. "He's