In honor of my fiftieth story published on Fanfiction, I wanted to do something special. So, I decided to do something I've never done before – a modern day Hunger Games fic and an allegory. So, we end up with this: a modern day allegory to Katniss and Peeta's romance through the Hunger Games trilogy. I debated whether splitting the parts into chapters, but I thought it worked better all together. This is Part I of a three parter that I hope comes across as mildly familiar but completely different, if that makes sense. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I own nothing. Do Not Go Gentle Part I But try not to judge me 'Cause we've walked down different paths But it brought us here together So I won't take that back -Thompson Square, Glass Panem Children's Hospital is an architectural masterpiece. The brick building has no edges, is nearly a complete circle, and looks like an oversized tidal wave. The cement awning over the ambulance bay is a rainbow with clouds at each end. If someone had told me they had plucked it right off a Saturday morning cartoon and inserted it into it's current location, I would probably believe them. It makes me wonder how many parents take comfort in the exterior when they bring their children here for the first time or if their only concerns are the white-coated doctors and sweet smiling nurses that litter the hallways. I decide to finally walk inside and see if the outside is any indication of the interior decoration. I'm not disappointed when it looks like a crayon box exploded. While slathering my hands with sanitizer, my eyes fall on a thin blonde volunteer dragging a plastic wagon with a bald toddler inside. She's attached to an IV pole that drags alongside the wagon and the little girl claps happily. I know she's smiling even through her facemask and her parents, who are dutifully following, look thrilled. It makes me smile a little, knowing that the volunteer is making the girl giggle, but it doesn't replace the churning in my stomach, knowing exactly why the little one is here in the first place. I take a deep breath and try to take a step toward Information but my feet are stubbornly planted on the rainbow-tiled floors. One step. Two step. Three step. And finally I make it to the desk. The woman sitting there is just as colorful as the walls around her. Her suit is lime green. Her nails are the color of raspberries. Her nametag, which is twice the normal size, is bubblegum pink on the counter. Effie Trinket, receptionist. She sets the phone down and smiles up at me. "Yes?" "I'm here to volunteer?" Her eyes light up as if I've said the most exciting thing she's heard all day. Her hands fly up in the air and she goes to her computer, her long nails typing furiously away at her keyboard before looking back up at me. I think she'd be a beautiful woman, probably in her earlier thirties, if she didn't look so much like a clown. "Peeta Mellark?" she asks. I nod. That's me. Her fingers go back to typing furiously away at her keypad while the phone wails around her. She sighs heavily and holds the call, and then another, before going back to whatever she has to do to sign me in. I have to admit, her job seems terrible dealing with visitors left and right as well as a wailing telephone. She must be looking for a promotion. Or a raise. "Do you know where you'll be volunteering?" she asks, attempting to make small talk as she pages the volunteer coordinator to come get me. "They're just showing me around today." Effie nods and smiles at me. "Well, I would say neonatal, that's where everyone wants to go. I, in fact, would love to be the receptionist up there." I just smile. I tell her it sounds wonderful because it seems that Effie isn't one to argue with – she looks like she deals with crabby people too often. However, I don't think I'd do well with neonatal. I'm the youngest of three boys. Don't get me wrong, I love kids, but holding someone's newborn seems like a bad idea for someone who's never been around babies before. Then again, I've never really been around sick kids before either. "Peeta?" I turn as Effie's phone screams again. She picks it up with a plastered grin and the fakest cheery voice I've ever heard. The woman standing at the desk beside me is tall and beautiful. I'm not short but she towers over me in her black heels. She has creamy mocha skin and a smile that instantly warms her. Unlike Effie, she seems to love her job. "Hi, I'm Portia," she says, taking my outstretched hand in a shake before motioning me to follow her. "How are you?" We exchange pleasantries and talk about the weather. It's unseasonably warm for October. Once we're inside the elevator, Portia smiles again and tells me where we'll start the tour. The first place she shows me is the reading room. Inside there is a girl with blond hair in two braids reading a picture book to a group of little ones. Some look healthy and are dressed in street clothes, obviously siblings, and others have facemasks or IV poles and are in their pajamas. They are all sitting at her feet, mesmerized by her tale. She looks a bit young to be a volunteer – since the minimum age requirement is sixteen – so I wonder which one of the little kids is her sibling. After that, Portia guides me to a large rec room. At a long table, little kids are coloring with two girls – one with dark hair and skin, similar in age to the young blond girl, and one with red hair and foxlike features. A tall dark-skinned boy helps a preteen with no hair kick soccer ball shaped pillows into a net against the far wall. I can do the rec room. I can draw and I play soccer at school. This room seems like a win-win. Portia shows me a few more areas and then she guides me to her office to get the volunteer uniform, a simple navy collared shirt with the hospital logo on the left side. "So, why did you decide to volunteer?" My story is too long and drawn out to tell her. Parts of it are just plain stupid – like the part with my mother. Other parts are too personal – such as the picture of the bird I used to have hanging in my room. So, instead of divulging what could be hours of story onto the coordinator, whose desk clearly demonstrates that she has better things to do, I smile. I tell her honestly, "I want to make a difference in someone's life." Portia grins and hands me the shirt. "Good answer." The second week of kindergarten, one of my classmates stopped coming to school. I didn't really notice all too much because, at five, I was concerned with having the best spot at the coloring table and beating my new best friend Hersh Donner to the playground at recess. However, in music class, when our teacher called out attendance and Katniss Everdeen was absent, I wondered where she was. Delly Cartwright, who I had known since we were babies and hadn't realized was friendly with any of the girls in our class because she hung around Hersh and me, smiled up at our teacher. "She's sick today." It was two days later that our kindergarten teacher sat us down and told us that Katniss was very sick, so sick that she wasn't going to be in school for a very long time. Then, she handed out a letter for us to bring to our parents and stuck a jar on her desk. "This jar," she said, "is Katniss's Jar. We're going to collect any spare change and donate it to her family. So if you have any extra lunch money one day you can plop it right in this jar." "Maybe I'll get sick," Hersh whispered while our teacher continued passing out the letters. "I could buy a lot with everyone's extra lunch money." I laughed and thought about it as well. A day or two out of school and suddenly Katniss was getting money? It seemed like a great idea. Only, I realized that Katniss never seemed to come back. "Do you think what she has is catchy?" I asked Hersh and Delly while we played on the playground one day a month later at recess. Our teacher had told us to play extra hard because when we got back we were having art time in which we would be writing letters and making get well cards for Katniss. Now I didn't care about the money she was getting – I didn't want to be out of school for a month! Delly shrugged. "My momma said she's gonna lose all her hair." Hersh hesitantly raised his hand to his head. "I like my hair." My card featured a bird on the front. I figured if she was losing all her hair she wouldn't want a picture of a puppy or kitten, since they had hair, and a bird had feathers instead. I didn't finish my card and I asked our teacher if I could finish it at home that night and give it to her in the morning. She seemed thrilled that I was so eager to work on it. So, later that night, I sat at the decorator's table while my dad showed Rye how to ready the ovens at our family's bakery. He was nine turning ten and our mother thought it was high time he learned how to help. Of course, I noticed that my mother was nowhere to be found and was probably at home with her feet up watching the television but I didn't say anything. Dad had Leaven beating dough as he instructed Rye, and I sat at the table with my crayon box and Katniss's card. I didn't really know what to write in it though. "Papa, what should I write?" My father turned around for a split second so he could watch to ensure Rye didn't burn himself and at the same time address me. "What are you writing, little guy?" he asked. Rye's arm got a little too close to the side of the oven and Dad pulled him slightly toward him. "A letter to Katniss," I said. So far, the inside of my card was blank aside from Dear Katniss . Rye stopped moving and looked up at my dad while he ran a hand through his hair. He motioned for Rye to help Leaven and then sat down next to me. "What kind of letter are you writing?" "A get better card!" I exclaimed. "She's very sick and our teacher told us a card might make her happy. I hope my card will make her feel better." My dad nodded. "Why don't you just tell her that?" "That I hope my card makes her better?" My father nodded and I wrote that down. Then I glanced up at him. "It's been a long time. Why isn't she better already?" My father sighed and ruffled my hair. "The doctors are doing everything they can," he said. "Sometimes it takes a long time and sometimes there's nothing they can do." "Is she ever going to get better?" There was a silence that spread over the bakery. Even Rye and Leaven stopped pounding the dough to hear. My father sighed again. "Nobody knows yet, buddy," he said, almost too quiet for me to hear. "But I'm sure a nice card will do a world of good." In that moment, I decided I would write to Katniss every day. If she was that sick