A/N: I do not own Twilight. This is also my very first fanfiction so I hope it's okay. ~~~~ It had been 100 years since I last saw Edward Cullen and I had finally found out where he and his family had moved to. Some small ass town in Western NY that was so much like Forks, Washington that it wasn't even funny. I scowled as I looked over the directions given to me before I lifted my head and smirked. I was going to go and yell at the entire family, give them a piece of my mind because it was high time. I wasn't the same Isabella Marie Swan that they would remember and for that I was thankful. Hell when I had been bitten, just months after the giant fucking turd left me, I had decided to keep up pretenses that I was human and 4 years later, after graduating college, I lost Charlie. Of course I kept my secret, and if anyone found out I would dazzle them into forgetting me. I walked over to the Harley Davidson that I had bought and restored, hell I had the time I could do with it as I saw fit, and one thing I did was learn all about mechanic work. I still dressed like I had when I was human but, again, I was comfortable and why the fuck would I want to draw attention to myself, now that I am an insanely gorgeous vampire? I smirked as I drove my baby to the drive way leading to the house where I smelled 7 vampires residing and as I pulled up to the house and parked I couldn't help and mutter, "Jesus Christ... could they not think of something new? It's just like the crap ass town in forks." not caring if the 7 assholes in the house could hear me or smell me. They wouldn't be able to recognize my scent due to the fact that my power helped me with that. You see... I had always known I was special... but I didn't know just how special I really was until after I was changed by Victoria, a story I'll divulge later, and by special... I mean that I realized the reason why Assward could never read my mind, why I couldn't have my emotions felt by Jasper or why Alice had a hard ass time seeing my future. I have a mental and physical shield, something I've perfected over the years to the point where I could project, both, over a 400 mile radius to protect anyone I trusted... which was no one. How could I trust anyone when the people I called family had up and left me like punk bitches. Anyways, due to me perfecting my shield I was able to shield my scent and that always came in handy... especially if I was hunting. As I climbed off my motorcycle the 7 vampires I once called family stepped outside, each were staring at me confused but hey... that happens when one is wearing a helmet that isn't needed. Slowly I reached up and pulled it off, letting my curly, mahogany colored hair cascade down my back. Revealing the "perfection" that being a vampire caused and also... revealing the topaz eyes I had due to my diet of animal blood. Of course my choice of animal was grizzly, just like my lovable, asshole, big brother Emmett. I set my helmet on the motorcycle and than unzipped the jacket I wore and I placed it on the bike with the helmet. I could tell that none of them realized it was me... but hey if you were a forever 17 year old vampire litered with tattoos... you'd be unrecognizable to. I finally walked right up the steps and I said, "Hello." my voice was different to. My voice, almost, sounded like bells chiming and as much as I fucking hated it, my voice also helped me to make people forget about me. Each of the Cullens looked at me, trying to place where they had seen me and I, of course, rolled my eyes and said "Fuckin' really?" before my eyes moved to Esme and Carlisle, "So I'm your daughter huh? The mate you always wanted for Assward? Ha! Shows how much you two know." Upon me saying that they all looked at me in shock. "Close your mouths. Flies will land." I than drawled. "You gonna let me in or am I gonna have to have you seven stare at me like I'm a damn ghost?" "Language!" spoke Esme, trying to pull the mother card. Immediately I turned my attention to her and said, "Bitch you ain't my mama. I've been a fuckin' vampire for a 100 years now. If I was family, like you all claimed, none of you bitches would of let this fucker leave me IN THE WOODS STRANDED!" Once I said that I exhaled and said, "Sorry... still a sore subject apparently." I than watched as they, still shocked, walked in and I followed. Good, they were going to get an ear full and they better not interrupt. Who should I start with first? I knew I'd save Assward for last, he deserved everything I had to say. Once inside I shifted and said, "Now I've got some shit to say and before any of you interrupt I will say them. If, after I am done, y'all want to ask questions you may but until then keep your mouths shut." "Damn... What happened to you?" asked Emmett. I scoffed and said, "You'll find out." I looked at each of them than I, finally, looked at Carlisle and I said, "When I was a small girl I always wanted a family where I felt loved, wanted and special. I felt like a freak among freaks due to that. My father, Charlie, was an amazing dad and he loved me but he was never there for me the way I hoped. And my mother? God I hated her for what she did to my father. I was taken from Charlie as a baby because Renee couldn't handle being in Forks. She couldn't tough it out and although I understand her reasoning's.. well I still loathe her to this day. As a child I didn't have the luxery of being a child. Oh no I had to cook, pay the bills, and I had to make sure she got safely into bed after a long night of booze and drugs and CPS didn't do jack shit. All of this BEFORE I was 10 I might add. When I came to forks and I meant you and your family and when I did so I fell so in love with all of you, not just Assward, because I finally felt like I belonged. I felt like you cared, like you were the father I deserved. I almost called you dad several different times but I stopped myself, not knowing how you'd react. You lost my trust when you let this," I pointed to Edward, "little boy call the shots on everything." Edward went to say something but I said, "Nuh uh you immature brat I talk, you listen." I looked to Esme and I said, "And you... the mother I always wanted, always felt I deserved... it was all a lie. You never fucking cared. You're the fucking alpha of this clan whether any of you assholes realize it or not. YOU, and Carlisle, should make the decisions but you let Alice and him make the decisions because they can see the future and read minds. Fuckin' pussy ass vampires can't even do anything without those two calling the stupid ass shots." Rosalie hissed and I flipped her off before I said, "Bitch I've killed vampires scrawnier than you in the last 5 years. Don't fuck with me right now." I shifted and than crossed my arms before I added on, "Esme I understand Edward is your son. Hell I'd pick family over some girl I hardly knew because Edward wouldn't let the family get to know her unless he deemed it correctly but in the end... you could of, at least, told me good bye. And a letter does NOT constitute as saying a proper good bye." I could see both Carlisle and Esme taking everything I said into account and for that I was grateful. I hoped me talking and telling them how I felt, even now, made them realize how badly I'd been affected. I rounded on Rosalie and I said, "I have always known that you've been through some trauma and although I don't know what it is that is no way to make others around you feel like shit. Jesus Christ Rose... you've got a loving mate, great parents and goodish siblings who would do everything and anything for you. Yet you sit there and you judged me even before you knew me. Clearly you didn't like the fact that I was willing to give up having children and a human life for that fucktard," again I pointed to Edward, "But, again... I had to grow up before I was 10. I didn't want children, I never have and I'm so thankful for what has happened to me. Why the hell would I want to bring children into this god awful world where men could, potentially, hurt them or something else like that. I respected your opinion because I looked up to you as my big sister and, hell, I always will. At least you were honest about your feelings of hate towards me. So, thank you. But please... when I was human it was my life, my opinion and you shouldn't of tried to make me scared because I never was. Not of any of you." Rose blinked than got up and she hugged me tightly before she sat down next to her shocked mate and family. Hell, even I was shocked. What the hell had I said to make this chick suddenly like me? I shook my head then rounded on Alice. "Alice... you devilish fucking pixie bitch. No means NO! I never wanted a birthday party, I never liked make up, I never wanted to play, and I quote, Bella Barbie! Do you have ANY idea how much the shit you did to me made me feel even more like shit? I knew I was plain compared to everyone in this clan. I knew it and you used that against me and if I ever told you no you, like Edward, dazzled me to get your way. Boo fucking hoo you don't remember your human life... why the fuck did I have to make up for that? All I ever wanted was to spend time with you and get to know you outside of the future seeing, shopaholic vampire and you never let me. You were like a sister to me, I wanted you happy, but now... well... go to hell." Here Alice frowned and looked away, seeming to pout but I didn't care. I really didn't. Edward, as I said, would be last. Now onto Jasper. "Mister Jasper." I began before I shook my head and I said, "I never not once blamed you for trying to take a snap at me. Hell I would to if I had six other vampires feeling blood lust on top of my own." Here the others looked at Jasper shocked. "Once you realized that you weren't supposed to be doing that you let Emmett drag you out. I wanted to tell you that I didn't blame you but Assward never let me and I should of found you sooner and explained but... well... I was afraid I'd run into Edward and rip him to pieces and burn his ass up..." here I smirked. I than shifted and said, "You are my big brother. And nothing will change that and hey... now you don't gotta leave when