Stephanie Meyer Owns Twilight Hello all, welcome to my new written piece. This piece is set in the early 1900's, country England and it unfolds the story of a difficult relationship. Just before we start, I feel i should let those who are unsure know, that electricity has been invented by this time, so there are electric lights though that is pretty much all. Phones were invented a little later on, and I'm sure i will cover that in the story. Thank you to all who have chosen to read my story. I will ask you to also read my note at the end of this chapter. Enjoy I trudged along the dirt path, soft from the cold and damp air. The carriage driver had dropped me at a wrought iron gate; the beginning of the long and winding path. My shoes- now dirty, and the hem of my skirt – now adorned by a light shade of brown, scuffed along the ground. Holding my case in my right hand, now chilled to the bone despite my gloves, bore a weight it had not held before due to my length of walking. I was beginning to wonder if I were to ever make it to the Manor when I saw the beginning of a flower bed. I believed I was getting closer, since for at least a mile behind me was long grass and trees that seemed to seclude visitors from the vast landscape. I rounded the corner only to be met with a gorgeous garden of roses, pansies and wildflowers, bordered by a well trimmed hedge. In the centre of the garden lay a fountain. Ducks swam freely among the fish that surfaced and ducked quickly, their golden colours streaking through the murky green of the pond that was rippling with the steady stream of water pouring from a mermaid's shell. Gravel paths gave way to four sets of rose garden all square until met by a cut out of a quarter circle where the garden met the path around the fountain. I walked around the fountain admiring the detail and nearly walked straight into a elderly gentleman, sitting on the fountains edge, wiping his brow. "Oh!" I exclaimed stumbling backwards slightly. "I'm ever so sorry sir! I hadn't seen you there," I put my case on the ground beside me and held onto my hands awkwardly. He looked up at me and smiled, chuckling. "That's quite alright Miss…?" he seemed very friendly so I took the opportunity to introduce myself. "Isabella Swan, but please, call me Bella," I said smiling sweetly. He nodded his head. "So Bella, you must be the new maid," "Yes, I was very grateful for the opportunity, it was... time for a change from where I last worked." The pang of sadness overcame me; I felt my face fall and looked at the gentleman with withdrawn eyes. He saw my change in mood and frowned, looking genuinely concerned. "Might I ask why? If it isn't rude of me to do so," "Oh well, if you don't mind I'd rather not say, I'm sorry, you see it was... rather a tragic occurrence, and..." "No, no I completely understand Bella, there's no need to apologise," he said with a warm smile. He seemed very much like the comforting man that one would see like their grandfather. "Anyway, my name is Garrett, I'm the gardener here at Mason Manor and I live in that cottage over there," he pointed off to the distance where there was a simple stone cottage with gorgeous red roses climbing up the sides. "Now," he said with a huff, standing up and straightening his trousers and pulling his vest down slightly. He wasn't too much taller than me, but his slim body gave him an appearance of height. "I better get back to tending the garden; it was a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Miss Isabella Swan." He smiled, nodded and turned to walk away. I picked up my case and straightened my hat. I began walking along the gravel path up to Mason Manor, I walked through the door on the far right of the building that was encased by a hedge, indicating it was a servant's door. I strolled through the paved ground until I reached the back door. I took a deep breath to steady myself and knocked. One. Two. Three. It opened and there stood a woman, her hair neatly pinned in a bun on the crown of her head and she wore all black. This must be Mrs. Cope the head house keeper. "Hello Isabella Swan, my name is Mrs. Sue Cope, but as I'm sure you know you must call me Mrs. Cope, I will introduce you to the staff then you may put your things in your assigned room." So far she seemed very friendly, but she still had an heir of authority. She turned on her heel and motioned for me to follow her into the servant's hall. I picked up my case and swiftly followed her, closing the door behind me. I tailed her quickly and she motioned to rooms that belonged to her and the Butler, Mr. Aro Volturi. She walked into a large space with a dining table, a fire place and two rocking chairs in front of said fireplace. There were a few young maids and a middle aged woman sitting at the table with an open sewing box in front of her, and she was busy with a white blouse reattaching a button. There were two young footmen in the corner, both holding cups and saucers wearing matching livery and talking adamantly. When Mrs. Cope entered everyone who was sitting stood and the two footmen stopped talking and stood up straight, correcting their posture. "Everyone, this is Miss Isabella Swan, the new maid and Lady's maid to Lady Alice and Lady Denali when she occupies a room here at Mason Manor," there were a few whispers and for some reason I felt an uneasy feeling wave through the room. "Thank you! That will be all." Mrs. Cope said, with a stern look causing everyone to straighten up. She waved for me to follow her up stairs, to where she led me to a corridor of doors. "That was only a small portion of the staff, there are more which you will all meet tonight at dinner," she explained. We walked through a second door to what I assumed were the women's rooms and lead me down the end, where she opened a door to a large room that held a bed, a wooden dish holder for my bowl of water, a desk and a chest of drawers. "This is your room from now on, it is one of the biggest, for the Lady's maids generally get the largest rooms, however you are to be a Lady's maid and a house maid for the time being so I thought you should get the largest." She smiled at me. So far, I very much liked Mrs. Cope. "Thank you so very much Mrs. Cope," I said as I laid my case on my bed and opened it up, revealing my neat packing of clothes. "Now," she said as she was walking out, "you will start work tomorrow and you will meet Lady Alice and Lady Tanya Denali on Friday, three days from now, they are both out visiting relatives in London." I couldn't help but notice the slight scowl that crossed Mrs. Copes face as she mention Lady Denali. "I'll give you an hour to get settled in then I shall show you around the house." And with that she was gone, closing my door behind her. I walked over to the dresser and opened a draw, there were scented liners already in there, however they smelt like lavender- not my favourite flower. So, I pulled them out, rolled them up and set them under the dresser for the moment. I packed my clothes into the dresser after putting my freesia liners in the drawers and set up my desk with my writing stationary and perfume. I was very grateful that I was given such a large room, it made it feel like home. X~x~X~x~X~x~X~x~X Mrs. Cope knocked on my door and opened it slightly. "Isabella , I will show you around the house now," she said opening the door wider as I stood from my desk where my hat now lay and my coat on the chair. I smiled and followed her. "I must say Isabella , that frock is lovely, blue really is your colour. Might I ask where you bought it?" She said, motioning to my deep royal blue skirt attached to a white blouse to give the I'll Simon of a skirt as she showed me the door to enter into the main stairwell. "Thank you very much, my mother used to dress me a lot in royal blue and it was my favourite colour." I told her, she seemed interested and not only making conversation so I continued. "I actually made it," I smiled gently as she looked at me in disbelief. "It's gorgeous! Did you ever think about working in a clothing store? You could make wonderful clothes." I blushed at her compliment, I had thought about it, but at only seventeen it was hard to occupy a job for the clothing industry. Mrs. Cope showed me the library, the bedrooms on all three floors and the major living rooms that the family used. I learnt that Mason Manor was passed down from thirty generations of Mason's and was currently owned by Lord and Lady Carlisle Mason, while their cousins the Denali's stayed with them every now and then. We didn't see any of the family during my tour; she took me to all the rooms that the family wasn't in. For you see, most of the time, we are meant to be invisible unless during a function or we are summoned. Occasionally we are sent to work around the house but only during the day and never at night. We made our way down the grand staircase and Mrs. Cope was explaining my duties as a house maid when I heard the most beautiful piano echoing softly through the hall. I stopped in my tracks, mouth slightly agape and Mrs. Cope softly laughed. Her laugh was a musical and motherly sound that made my heart ache slightly for mother. "That, is the eldest son of Lord Mason; Master Edward. He plays three instruments; Piano, Violin and guitar. He also sings very well. He is the heir to the estate after his father dies." Mrs. Cope explained. Edward... I thought, his name sent a small shiver down my spine. Well, if he is as beautiful as his music and his name then I may be in trouble. We stopped at the foot of the stairs where there was a large walking space, to the left behind a column stood the door to the servant's stairwell, and all around there were columns filled with books, and walls plastered with gorgeous oil paintings. They all held a portrait of someone; along one wall were men; I assumed they were all the heirs and lords. They all had very similar features, sharp defined noses and cheekbones, some had blonde hair some had brown or brownie-red. On the other wall, there were women whom I once again assumed were the wives of the heirs and lords; they were all gorgeous, but in contrast to the men, they all had their own individual features. Mrs. Cope followed my gaze and slowly wandered over to the north wall which held the men. "Attractive aren't they, all 'first borns', all the straight bloodline never had to marry a cousin once." "Wow," I muttered, I'd never even heard of a family that was able to have all first born sons through even two generations but 15! She read the names of all the