Author's Notes This is my first published fanfic, so constructive criticism is welcome. I use some Elvish and a bit of Black Speech in this story, so I'll leave a key at the top for each chapter. Nervously awaiting a review (here's hoping there'll be one!), Shadowmere x DISCLAIMER: You know it. I know it. If you don't know it, what are you doing here? I don't own - though not for lack of trying! Sindarin/Grey Company Feril - Huntress Amin hiraetha - I'm sorry Nwalmaer - Tormented One Astalder - Valiant One Quel esta - Rest well Black speech Scara-Kal - Wolf-Horse Snaga - Slave My elvish sources were: http: / www . elffetish . com / SindaFrame1 . php http: / www . scribd . com / doc / 5758795 / JRR-Tolkien-Elven-Phrases I recommend these sites, but d on't forget to remove the spaces! 1. ...This'll be interesting. As I walked quietly beneath the trees, I listened. They were whispering to me, sending news of the Ranger known as Strider - whom I had met just once, almost 40 years ago. I'd saved his life, and he mine – and four strangers who travelled with him. An enemy, that even the trees dared not name, was following them, and had injured at least one of the four; the trees had heard the scream from Weathertop. The threat came from Mordor, if they were to be believed, and was apparently not an Orc or Goblin. A Wraith, then? One of the Nine? The air was growing noticeably colder, and I couldn't help but feel the very world warning me, carrying the cries in the air. ' Danger!' Every tree was screaming. The animals were fleeing, hiding wherever they could. The instincts of the multiple animals locked within my being were straining at their bars, trying to break free. ' The servants of Mordor are come!' My aid might well be needed, if the Nine were abroad in the land again, and for some reason hunting Strider's group. I didn't much care why, and I certainly didn't want to get caught up with the Nine again… so why , you might ask. Why did I want to help them? To tell the truth, I wasn't completely sure myself. However, with a new sense of urgency, I shifted mid-stride. My body was contorting, muscles growing, bones snapping and realigning themselves until I was no longer a two-leg, but an horse. The instincts that came with the new body were stronger than before, more easily unsettled and quicker to panic. I caught sight of my reflection in a small pond nearby, and took a moment to study my appearance – living in the Wild, it wasn't often I got to look at myself, and when I changed forms it was, understandably, a little disorientating; even after all this time, and I'd lived for just over four thousand years. The images on the still water always helped me to remind myself what I was; no matter what I happened to look like at the time. Being a shape-changer, it was easy to loose yourself. My coat was a dark dapple grey, my mane and tail the colour of iron. The grey on my body held the slightest hint of steely blue. I'd come to notice, on the rare occasion that I ventured out openly into Gondor, one of the realms of Man, in this form, that said Men thought I was a Rohirric horse. I'd never been to Rohan, but I gathered that meant they thought me superior to their horses, from the way they tried to catch me repeatedly. I did differ slightly from the ordinary horse –a feature that would have marked me as what I truly was – a Nightmaere – if anyone who knew the ancient legends happened to notice. That in itself would be a rare event. My eyes were not those of a horse, although I suppose they were similar. There was a thin black line at the edge of my iris, with no white, and silver –not grey- nearer the centre. Although it sounds very unusual, they'd only been noticed three times, and no one had actually made the leap from them to the long-forgotten tales of the fearsome Nightmaere. Around my left eye there were four scars - left from Saruman's hand - that I'd carried since being captured nearly a decade ago. I'd been dragged from Isengard to Mordor, and it had taken five years for me to put my escape plan into action. I still remembered the- I cut off that line of thought quickly, not willing to let my mind wander onto such dark topics when I was already on edge. Strider was one of the three who had noticed, incidentally, and although I'm sure he had his theories, I never revealed my true self to him. All he knew was that I was more than horse. Stories of Nightmaeres were sufficiently rare now that he could not make the jump from the clues to my true species. That was fine by me. As for the scars – I hadn't seen Strider in a little over four decades, so he had never seen them. If he had, and somehow guessed their origins… then that could have been very bad. Very, very bad. That would have meant difficult questions, such as; why would Saruman torture an ordinary horse? …and the answer, as it often was, was in the question. Was I an ordinary horse? Exposure, pure and simple. I was risking that now, though, wasn't I? Caught up in that worrying truth that for some reason failed to send me hurtling in the opposite direction like it probably should, I lost track of my surroundings for a moment. Mistake. A gasp nearby caught my attention, and I remembered that I was meant to be paying attention to my search for Strider. Suitably chagrined, I looked to where the noise had come from – and came face to face with one of the strangers. He had frozen where he crouched, seemingly to dig through the plants on the forest floor. His mouth was hanging open in shock, and I had a hard time suppressing a chuckle. Revealing I could talk in this form was not what I needed to do right now. It would bring up the awkward questions that I was –or should be- trying to avoid. Anyway. The person straightened, and I saw at once that it was a Halfling. I'd flown above the Shire many times in my hawk form, and always enjoyed the sight of the hobbits going about their everyday business. It was nice to know life was the same, somewhere. That Sauron hadn't yet touched the Shire, at least. He moved slowly, as though afraid of startling me. Again, I had to quash the urge to roll my eyes. Think horse, damn it! I practically growled at myself. It'd been too long since I was in this form – when I was wandering alone I preferred to use my true form, or that of a two-leg (A/N : She's not an human or an elf, so I don't think she cares which one it is. A two-leg is just a two-leg to her.) I was out of practice. At that second, I caught that scent. The unmistakable stench that accompanied the rotting flesh of Sauron's undead servants. Ring-wraiths. They were here. Suddenly, I was back in Isengard, being dragged towards the traitorous wizard. I was being whipped, and beaten. The very air seemed to close in around me, fighting to bring me down… and then Saruman's hand, bright with his twisted magic, gouging into my face when I tried to flee from his clutches… before being sent to his Master… I was being forced to bear that terrifying, cruel creature on my back... and I learnt the truth underneath their black cloaks. They were cursed… and so were any poor beasts they managed to get close to. My head shot up, I threw myself onto my hind legs in a rear, and I screamed in a strangled mixture of defiance and all-encompassing, mind-numbing fear . It was most definitely not a horse's scream, resembling more the shriek of the Nazgul - or the fell cry of a Nightmaere. Aw, crap . Me and my damn mouth. The hobbit fell back in fear, but I didn't see him – I only saw the Wraith behind him, evil blade held high. With that unnatural scream I'd practically stuck a sign on my forehead - "Runaway ex-slave Nightmaere, right here!" By the Valar, I would not go back to them. Exposure or enslavement…? Was there even a choice? I roared again, and leapt over his head – phasing as I did. My cloven hooves met the steel of his blade, and my fangs snapped at his face. I used my long snake-like tail and wide, bat-like wings to balance myself at my full height, holding the rear to better attack the vile creature. Somewhere behind me, I heard the Hobbit yelling for Strider, for anyone; that could be problematic. The wraith shrieked again, and with a sudden rush of strength flung me off-balance. I winced as my front-left hoof thudded onto the ground; something sharp had stabbed into the delicate skin between the claws. (A/N: Cloven hooves are split up the middle in two toes, like a deer or a goat. The toes are called claws, according to Wikipedia.) He used my momentary distraction to run from the clearing, leaving a stinking trail of his long-dead-and-rotten scent behind him. Wait, what? …Flee? I was a helpless target lying here on the floor, as was the dazed hobbit, sitting where he had fallen in his surprise, his back to me. Footsteps approaching set off alarm bells in my head, and with a great deal of self-control I shrank my wings back into my shoulders, and took on the appearance of a normal horse – just in time to see Strider emerge from the trees. "Sam, what-" He stopped to stare at me. "Impossible." He muttered, jaw practically hitting the floor. What? Had I not shifted back properly? Strider dropped to the floor beside me and the hobbit, whose expression was oddly blank. Shock, I expect it was. I blinked innocently at the stunned ranger, and moved to stand. He frowned as he took in the blood trickling from my foreleg where I held it off of the ground. Unfortunately for me, wounds didn't heal when I shifted. They just moved. An injury between the claws on my true form; to the frog on the base of my hoof. Did he recognize me? And in answer to my question, he murmured, "Feril?" Yeah. Yeah, he did. Well, that could be good or bad. Good, because I could express myself a little more, and bad, because he may demand an explanation as to why a horse he'd known forty years ago had suddenly turned up looking like she hadn't aged a day. Not to mention bearing horrific scars from the hand of the supposed-ally of the good, Saruman. Not that he'd actually recognize the symbolism implied – the sign of a white hand was Saruman's mark, and I had it permanently gouged into my face. I was branded. But truly, I hadn't aged – Nightmaeres were as immortal as the elves. Still, my species wasn't something I was keen to divulge to anyone without trusting him or her completely. I'd only revealed myself once, to a grey wizard by the name of Gandalf – and that was a matter of life or death. You belong to Mordor, Scara-kal… Snaga... A strange voice in my head hissed, from nowhere. I squealed in surprise, ducking away as Strider's hand reached my head, although there was no aggression in the action. At that second, there was a sharp snap from the forest, as though a branch or