The Traitor's Prophecy " Seven without a satyr, By vice and sin, called traitor, Cursed by boar, cursed by a dove, Trails of Psyche lead by love, Web of lies, kept by an oath. Growth by death and death by growth, Orpheus' head, won by heart's loss. Darkness' end: pax or chaos." One: Euna Security Systems Do Not Discourage Monsters Euna was fourteen when she was told her sister was going to die. At the time, they were still living in a two room apartment in Duluth, Georgia. Her friends from Hapkido were disappointed she'd be missing practice that night, but it was a special night for their family: the Spring Equinox. Every year, her father had them take the day off from school to help sow the fields at a local farm—or church—or anywhere that had a garden. Then she and Joey were allowed to pick out a plant that would be special to them throughout the year and add that to their growing collection of potted plants scattered about their kitchenette. "You guys don't need a pantry," her friends would tease, "your apartment is your pantry." That year was different. Joey got attacked by a dog. Everyone else said it was a stray dog, one that had been spotted begging by the H-Mart near Pleasant Hill Road, but Euna could see that wasn't what it was. She saw that it was huge and had disappeared into the shadow after the attack, like it was folding back into the pages of a popup book. Her father rushed Joey to the hospital. Euna was left at the apartment, alone except for the plants and the woman hiding among them. The woman didn't scare Euna. She wasn't supposed to be there, but Euna was top of her Hapkido class and didn't scare easily. Besides, the woman felt familiar. She was beautiful. She had blond hair, enlaced with tiny flowers that dropped petals every time she tilted her head and sky-blue eyes that observed their kitchenette garden with a solemn happiness. "Who are you?" Euna asked. "I am Persephone," said the woman. She touched one of the pots and the bud therein burst into full bloom. "And I have a message for you, but I don't have much time." This didn't surprise Euna: the insta-grow touch nor the friendly break-and-entry message, though she wanted to protest that a phone call would have been sufficient. As Euna liked to say, it didn't take an idiot to know she was special. Euna could do the same flower trick and saw things in the shadows that others couldn't. "You must remember," Persephone began. The smile on her face withered when she glanced up. "What happens to our little sister will not be your fault. When she comes to me for aid, I will do what I can, but neither you nor I can change her fate. A rising god will kill her." Euna had picked an apple tree the year she received her sister's death notice. When they moved to Virginia, the apple tree came with them. She planted it in their backyard—now picked dry from harvest—and watched it thrive for two years. When she went to Camp Half-Blood, she wondered if she would have to replant it there. Now, a month after she'd discovered she was a demigod, a hydra politely vetoed the idea by melting the tree with acid. The memory of Persphone flashed through Euna's head as she watched the bark disappear and felt the tree scream out at having its skin burned off. Sure, she had some bad memories associated with that tree, but not enough to wish an acid bath on its branches. That hydra was definitely going to die. But Euna zoned out for too long. One of the eight snake-like heads darted at her. A shotgun went off nearby. Half the hydra's head smattered into the one beside it. Euna figured the event must have been pretty traumatizing for the head being blasted with its companion's brain matter. Unfortunately, the splattered remains began to reform. Joey hopped off the back porch as she reaimed the DP-12 double barrel pump shotgun. When Joey heard the commotion in their backyard, she must have pulled the weapon from their dad's gun safe. She fired again before pausing to pump two new rounds into the chamber. "How do we kill it?!" Joey asked. Each time she fired, the hydra looked less like it was going to die and more like it was going to play pin the skewer in the half-blood. Euna still felt half-asleep. She'd woken from a nap and wanted a quick walk through the gardens to clear the nightmare from her head. Then she'd run into a hydra, a serpentine creature, about the size of a small elephant. This might also clear her head, but she was annoyed and skeptical at the prospect. Camp Half-Blood had loaned her a glaive—one she'd been keeping conveniently with their gardening supplies. So far though, all her strikes had done was sprout the creature an extra head. "I don't know!" Euna said. "I told you we should have stayed at camp!" Before her sister's shout had died into the twilight, a volley of arrows slammed into the monster. One of the arrows had a glass jar attached that shattered on impact; another, a fiery tip. The hydra roared as its body blazed into a conflagration. Silvery shapes darted out of the park beside their house. Euna didn't have time to focus on them. In its panic and pain, the hydra charged her and, by proxy, her house. She was not about to let a monster set the Song dwelling on fire. Euna could feel the root network under the yard. She felt a tug in her stomach as she found the roots of the closest oaks and pushed them up. The hydra stumbled when the ground erupted underneath its feet. By now, at least half its heads had gone limp from burning, but the other four still wriggled, twisting and snaking to spit acid at the roots. It was getting ready to charge again. Euna aimed her glaive at the hydra and braced for impact. She wished she had some seeds so she could burst a tree into its path, maybe make it impale itself. Beside her, she could hear Joey scream a taunt, firing again and again to no avail. If they had more time, they could command more roots closer— The hydra charged. A girl behind it let out a war cry. Lightning crackled. For a disorienting moment, everything went white. A clap shook the ground, then all Euna could hear was a loud ringing, like Zeus had decided to swirl his finger on the edge of the world's largest water glass. She expected to be slammed by several tons of flaming monster. Instead, when she managed to blink the dots out of her eyes, she found a girl with a silver parka standing over her. As the dust settled around their once-beautiful garden, Euna could see there were several girls in silver parkas, all between ages 9 and—maybe the oldest—around Euna's age. They all had their hands over their ears and were glaring at the girl in front of Euna. Her black hair was short and spiky, bracing a silver tiara. She had piercing blue eyes, ones that sparkled in the darkening sky. Her skin seemed to shimmer. Euna realized, as an afterthought, that she was beautiful. The girl said something that Euna couldn't make out in her deafened state, though from reading her lips, it was something like, "I'm the Leia." As in Princess Leia? From Star Wars? The girl made a face, apparently annoyed Euna didn't understand. She offered Euna a hand. Until then, Euna hadn't realized that she'd fallen over. The lightning blast must have knocked her down. That also meant she must have zoned out in the timeframe it took this girl to walk from the dusted monster over to her, which meant she'd likely been staring at her. This never bothered Euna, but tended to make others give her a wide berth. Euna was pleased this girl didn't care. As she took her hand, Euna could hear the muffled shout of another girl, "Thalia—you promised you'd announce before you beckon the sky!" Thalia rolled her eyes at the girl's comment. Once Euna was on her feet, she asked, "You okay?" Euna nodded, staring past her at the crater in her yard. "Daughter of Zeus?" Euna guessed, remembering the counselor of Cabin One could shoot lighting as well. Thalia nodded and jutted a thumb at the roots sticking out of the ground. "Daughter of Demeter?" "Yep," Euna said and patted her pockets, forgetting—again—she didn't have any seeds at the moment. "Demeter is my mom too," Joey added. She had stepped up beside Euna, shouldering her father's firearm. She held her chin high. Thalia's eyes examined the weapon in appreciation. "And what does your dad do?" "Garden," Euna said. Thalia raised an eyebrow. "With a shotgun?" Joey sighed dramatically, like the answer to Thalia's question had been obvious. "Oh," Euna said. "He likes to keep up with his military training. He has a license for it now." She glanced around, to where the other girls in parkas were examining the ground. One of them cursed in Ancient Greek at the ruined yard. "Uh… I'm Euna. Not that I'm not appreciative about the help but… who are you guys?" "And what are you doing in our backyard?" Joey asked. Thalia's eyes narrowed. "We're scouting ahead for Lady Artemis. Have either of you guys seen a fox? Maybe about.. smart car sized?" "We were a little distracted by the hydra," Joey muttered. "Also, JooYeon as an fyi." Euna swatted at her sister who scowled. "What's going on with the fox?" she asked once she was sure Joey wouldn't retaliate. Thalia's scowl deepened. "Someone had the audacity to tell Lady Artemis she couldn't… Argh!" She stamped her foot in frustration and cut herself off, like she was about to say something forbidden. "It's not important. We're just hunting a fox." That was enough of an explanation for Euna. She started to contemplate whether or not their house insurance would cover… could she call it a lighting strike? In the yard? And if she could use her powers to clean up the yard before her father came home from his business meeting. Thalia seemed, similarly, to be done with the conversation. Her eyes scanned over the other girls checking the ground for tracks and—wolves? Had the wolves always been prowling among them? Joey cleared her throat loudly, "Artemis? As in the goddess?" Thalia looked confused then glanced back over at Joey. Her eyes softened. "Yes. I'm sorry. It's been tense since we got the taunt—I'm forgetting my duty. I could see when I was approaching from the forest: you two fought well to defend your house. I'm sad Artemis couldn't have seen that herself. Here—" Thalia felt around the inside of her parka until she produced two brochures. "We're the Huntresses of Artemis, her troupe of immortal maidens." As soon as her finger made contact, Joey flipped the pamphlet open in excitement. "Immortal? That's awesome! How do you get her to grant that?" Euna took the brochure in one hand, but didn't open it. Realistically, it was going straight in the trash. Not that she wasn't interested in what the girl had to say, but she was way too lazy to read through all the material herself. Despite her prior irritation, Thalia grinned at Joey's enthusiasm. "You take an oath to go on the eternal hunt with Lady Artemis. Unless you fall in battle, you will spend forever running through the wilderness, enjoying the wild spots left in nature and attending to the goddess." The serenity in Thalia's voice made Euna desirous. Eternity hanging out with plants? She could get behind that. "It's a pretty sweet gig." Thalia continued. She shrugged.