One: Percy The Triumvirate of Awesome is Back in Action… to Climb Some Stairs. After climbing the 91st step of a Mesoamerican temple, Percy decided something: if the Mayans were so smart, they should have invented the elevator. He may have been a demigod with super strength and endurance, but he figured he deserved a lift after saving the world a couple dozen times. At least it was a beautiful day to die from exhaustion. There was a warm breeze drifting in from the San Francisco Bay, keeping the December air comfortable… unlike the freezing chill they left in his hometown, Manhattan. He had half a mind to travel to Canada to punch Boreas in the face and demand summer back. But the God of Winter probably wouldn't take kindly to some surprise sock 'em bop 'em from a rogue demigod. As they approached the boxlike top of the temple, Percy was impressed Annabeth wasn't winded, especially since she hadn't stopped talking since they got to Berkeley Hills. She was too giddy about the architecture. The mortals walking by on their lunch breaks must have thought she was crazy, gesturing towards a supposed warehouse and talking about Mayan stelea. However, it was California. They might have just thought she was an art student. Mortals had a hard time seeing through the Mist, a magical camouflage that kept them from panicking every time a wild minotaur grazed through their backyard. While those mortals might have thought his blonde, grey-eyed girlfriend was crazy, he thought she was wonderful. Annabeth kept a few paces ahead of him the whole time, going on about the nine tiers in the temple, the jaws of Xibalba, and something about corn. He wasn't sure he'd heard that last one right. As much as Percy hated climbing this temple, he had to give it a fair chance. Anything that made Annabeth smile like that and made the sunlight sparkle along the curls of her ponytail was worth giving a fair chance. Except homework. Especially when she tricked him into thinking they were doing something fun outside and "fun" really meant "study session." At the last tier of the temple, they were greeted with a familiar face. "You two are so slow," Grover said. He had his hands on his hips. He tried to smile about getting to the top first, but his lips twitched with worry. His horns—oh yea, Grover was a satyr and had horns—peeked out of his curly brown hair, casting shadows on his goatee. He wore a Rastafarian hat and a shirt that said Pick Flowers, Not Fights, though Percy was pretty sure the nymphs said that was the same thing. Annabeth gave Grover a half-grin. "We're not exactly built for climbing mountains like you are." "Not without proper snacks," Percy agreed. "Do you think you can magic us up some blueberries and a coke with your reed pipes?" Grover sighed and touched the instrument in his pocket. "I wish. A tin can does sound delicious right now. But we shouldn't relax here. That new grove is under our feet and Rosen was right—it feels weird ." Some of the nature spirits in the area—or traveling to the area in Rosen's case—had reported sensing a new grove. Normally, Percy might shrug it off, but he'd seen how dangerous trees could be. Both in the Battle of Manhattan and one of the times he ticked off a Camp Half-Blood nymph named Olive. She could throw a platter of brisket with precision. Along with his dislike of getting whacked in the head with dinner trays, the nature spirits said there was another reason to investigate this grove. They sensed it sprouted up overnight about three weeks ago. Around the same time the seven new members from Camp Half-Blood had gone missing. Chiron, their camp counselor, thought it must be connected. Plus, a friend of one of the missing campers, a child of Hephaestus named Mathias, put a tracker in their Donkeymobile—yea, Percy didn't ask about that part of the story—and the last coordinates before it broke were located here. Percy took a deep breath. He was going to have nightmares of climbing stairs for weeks. "Lead on Goat Boy." He motioned Grover towards a rectangular window in this tier. It must have been some kind of dome that dropped into the room below. "Ba!" Grover bleated. "I'm not going down first. What if there's another jaguar? That girl bullied me!" For being a Lord of the Wild, Grover was surprisingly startled by the animal they met by the caved-in front entrance. Percy thought he might have been acting overdramatic. Juana—the jaguar's name according to Grover—had only tried to rip out Percy's throat once before Grover gave her the satyrs sanctuary blessing and released her into Berkeley Hills. Don't worry. It wasn't the first time they'd released a wild animal into the city. Last time it was a lion in Las Vegas and that seemed to work out okay for the locals. Annabeth strode past Grover. She took off her backpack and fished a grappling hook out. After testing one of the rocks on the edge of the window, she hooked it on and tossed a rope into the opening. "Are you two coming along or are you going to have a picnic up here?" If Percy ever forgot he loved Annabeth—which he couldn't, even with godly intervention—he'd remember after seconds of watching her. She looked awesome while disappearing into the void. But after his moment of awe, he had a moment of panic. He scrambled to the edge to make sure her descent was steady, controlled, and had an end to it. Annabeth gripped the rope to pause, glanced up, and gave him a gentle smile. "It's okay, Seaweed Brain," she said shakily. He tapped his pen and nodded for her to continue. "Be safe, Wise Girl." They both hated falling now. Even the rock and lava wall at Camp Half-Blood sometimes made him hesitate, and he could forget any of Jason's "free fall" tricks that the son of Zeus occasionally did if the younger campers begged him long enough. That past summer, Percy and Annabeth had an unfortunate vacation to Tartarus, complete with complimentary monsters, a continental breakfast composed of fire river, and angry gods. The whole thing had started with a fall into darkness. Let's just say Percy was happy when he heard Annabeth's feet hit the floor below and he calculated it to be the specific distance of not-very-far. Percy slid down seconds after. Weird is the word all the nature spirits used. Creepy is what Percy would call this place. But at least it was no Tartarus. There wasn't any light in the room, only the dim rays that crept down from the rectangular ceiling dome. The temperature dropped at least twenty degrees, way colder than it should have been, even with those openings. Other than his feet brushing against the stone floor, the room was unearthly silent, like the descent had shifted them out of a busy metropolitan town and into the middle of the woods. As a New Yorker, he found it a crime against nature if he couldn't hear at least one car horn every ten minutes. They'd landed on a fallen tree. Percy had always found the California decoration style a little hippie, but he'd have to ask the Romans about fallen foliage decor. Annabeth had already stepped off the tree, narrowly avoiding some kind of pit buried underneath the rotting branches. There were a lot of other trees. Again with the new age décor. A dozen of them were clustered against the far wall, around a long oak table and a smaller one beside it. Those and the upturned chairs around them looked like they'd been abandoned for years, not weeks. The branches of the trees smashed up to the lower portion of the ceiling, seeming to support it more than the walls themselves. On the other side of the room, there was a throne made from bones. Percy wanted to groan. He hated thrones made from bones. They usually entailed some jerk who thought those kind of thrones were the best way to pick up ladies and henchmen. Percy really needed to ask his friend Piper, a daughter of Aphrodite, to give seminars on The Myths of Being a Villain to dispel such nonsense. Dust trickled through the little light they had. The corners were completely dark. He'd have to warn Grover that mean jaguars could be lurking anywhere. As Percy went to check out the throne and Annabeth went to investigate the tables, Grover crashed from the roof opening into the fallen tree. Hooves: great for climbing temples, not for scaling ropes. There was a single portrait on the wall to the side of the throne, in between some extinguished torches. Percy went to take a closer look as Grover clopped up behind him. "Oooh! Percy! This isn't good. These trees don't feel natural," he said. Percy had been trying to calculate exactly how long it took Grover to eat furniture when he got nervous. Now would be a good time to start counting. "Aren't all trees natural?" Annabeth mused. Grover whined, "You know what I mean!" Percy wanted to tease him, but he knew what Grover meant. Maybe it was their empathy link, but Percy could tell these trees were more the Die Intruder! type. Once Percy got close enough, he realized the picture on the wall was a family portrait: a father and five children. Percy couldn't imagine that big a family. He only had one infant sister and he was still trying to figure out the big brother thing. Although anyone forced into a photography studio had a right to look unhappy, these smiles looked particularly fake. There was something else a little weird about the photo. All the children seemed to be different ethnicities from the Hispanic father, except one: Ajax Pax. One of the campers who went missing. Percy had only seen the unclaimed kid a few times—mostly while Ajax… or did he go by Pax? But mostly while Pax was helping the Stoll brothers terrorize the Ares cabin. That earned him a gold star in Percy's book. Another missing camper was in the photo beside the Stoll minion: Axel Pax, Ajax's older half-brother. Annabeth and he suspected they were ex-members of Kronos's army. But their group had convened and decided: just because the Pax brothers tried to destroy all of Western culture, didn't mean they didn't deserve a second chance. Percy didn't recognize the other children or the father, but something felt off about the photo. "I found something!" Annabeth called. He and Grover stepped, and clopped (respectively,) back towards the oak table and whatever Annabeth had there. As they passed the fallen tree, Percy felt something crunch under his shoe. He withdrew his foot to find a human jaw bone. Great. Exactly what he needed. More bones. He'd stepped on bones before, but that didn't mean he was excited about it. "Di Immortalis!" Grover cried. "That looks like a satyr's jawbone!" Percy wanted to argue, but realized he didn't actually know the difference between satyr and human dentistry and didn't care to learn. After a quick scan of the room, he could tell there were bones littered around the grove, like the world's most unnerving fallen leaves. "Let's stay away from the man eating trees?" Percy suggested, giving this one a wide birth the rest of the way to Annabeth. Yea, they'd landed on it, but maybe that meant it would have a taste for some demigod milkshake and a satyr salad, since satyrs were probably on the healthier side of things for monsters trying to watch their figure. When Percy got to Annabeth's side, she was flipping through a notebook with one hand and holding her iPhone up with the other. There was another smartphone on the table, though that one was an older model. The screen was