Never, Always "You'll be alright, Prim, okay? You only have one slip," Katniss says to the trembling girl in front of her. The odds are in Prim's favor and she knows it, but what twelve year old isn't nervous on their first reaping? Katniss stoops down quickly to place a soft kiss on her forehead, and then takes hold of her hand and leads her to her designated section. On her way back to the sixteen year olds' section, she finds herself involuntarily scanning the crowds for Gale, catching his eye once she's standing with the other girls her age. He manages a small smile for her, and she returns it easily, even though her thoughts are heavy. In four years she has gone from only worrying about herself in the reaping to worrying about four people at once, because it's also Rory's first reaping today. the numbers fourty-two and twenty keep repeating themselves in her mind, and she can only do her best to ignore them as she waits for Effie Trinket to pull the names of this year's tributes. When the mandatory speeches are over and the tributes have been called and it's not them, it's not them , Katniss shifts her gaze automatically to Gale to see that he is already looking at her. Suppressed smiles appear on both of their faces simultaneously, and even though they're probably sick for being the slightest bit happy at a time like this, Gale's forty-two slips have evaded the Capitol's hands and Katniss is safe for one more measly year. They sit in the woods after they've stripped off their fancy clothes, sharing stale bread and and strawberries that taste a lot better than they should. "You know I'll have to start working in the mines," Gale says quietly, disrupting the comfortable silence. Katniss's heart clenches. "I know." Gale finishes chewing his last piece of bread and looks sideways at her. "If.. if anything happens, you'll take care of them, right?" "Gale." "But you will?" he says, unfaltering. Katniss shoots him a look and brushes the crumbs off her hands. "Always, Gale. You know that," she replies, pulling her knees up and folding her arms around them. Gale's gaze turns back to the horizon, eyebrows creased. Two days later Katniss stands on the Hawthornes' front step, because it's already nine in the morning and Gale still hadn't shown up to their meeting place, and she feels that something is wrong. That sense only heightens when her soft knocks are answered almost immediately, and the door swings open to reveal a stony Hazelle, her face drawn. "What happened?" Katniss asks straightaway. "There's been a shortage of miners because of the sickness that went around a few months ago. They pushed back the sign-ups deadline to today." "No," Katniss says, her eyes going wide. The deadline is officially supposed to be two months after the reaping. "He starts tomorrow," Hazelle replies. Katniss turns abruptly and takes off towards town. "So this is your last night of freedom," Katniss says, clenching the grass around her in her fist. The forest is tinted dark blue-black, last bits of sunlight filtering out and white smudges of stars taking its place. "We were never free, Catnip," Gale replies with a sigh. "I think the coal mines are as good a prison as any," she says, shifting to face him."Gale, you should've waited another year. We could've pulled through until then." "They'd start getting suspicious, if they aren't already." Katniss doesn't say anything, because it's a pointless argument and they're both well aware of that. "I'll be careful, Catnip. Don't worry," he says, reading her thoughts. On her way to the woods the next morning, Katniss catches Gale in his coal miner's uniform, the cloth too baggy on his lean frame. He stands tall and with a glimmer in his eyes that the others around him seem to have lost. Katniss looks at him from afar, catching his eye, and he gives her a pained little nod, that she returns with one herself. There's nothing to say. Katniss looks away quickly and runs the rest of the way to the fence before she catches up to him and drags him away from those damned mines. She can barely focus on locating any game, because the whole time she mentally charts Gale's progress towards the mines, and the thoughts eat up her mind. He's at the entrance now, waiting in line for the elevator. A squirrel flits in Katniss's periphery. He's probably stepping into the elevator. Her arrow flies. He's going down into the coal. She takes the arrow out of the animal's eye with unnecessary force. Dinner is even quieter than usual that night; Katniss's mother's eyes just a bit more lost and Prim looking solemn. Katniss knocks at the Hawthornes' door afterwards, and Hazelle lets her in, telling her that Gale's in the room and he's probably asleep. Katniss insists on coming in, because she just needs to see that he's still in one piece, and Hazelle understands some of this because she nods and gestures for her to go on. She finds him snoring loudly on the bed - dusty, but intact - and her lips quirk up just a bit as she shuts the door again. Wednesday and Thursday and Friday pass, Katniss checking up on Gale every night until some of the deeply ingrained fear in her lifts just a bit. Without the entirely too distracting fear, though, she finally notices just how eerily empty the woods seem without Gale at her back. She often turns around to find nowhere there, and opens her mouth several times just to clamp it shut again. As she checks the snare line, she comes across a few new snares hanging off of trees that Gale had been trying out in the past several weeks. After untangling the small birds caught in them (she notes with pride how Gale always knows exactly where to place his traps), she can't figure out how to reset them. She tries every technique she knows, and racks her brain for anything Gale told her in the past few weeks, but comes up with nothing. At the sixth one of these snares and her thirtieth attempt to reset it, Katniss ends up with a finger tightly wound in rope, and has to cut away at the tangled strands with her knife, ending up with a good two feet of spoiled rope and a shallow cut. For the first time in years, she feels vulnerable in the woods. She hates it. "Gale, you should really sleep," Katniss says, eyeing him as he drowsily redoes one of the complicated snares on the line. It's Sunday and it's his only day off, and even though Katniss insisted he didn't come with her, he fought back just as much and came along anyway. "I'm fine," he says, fighting back a yawn and blinking several times determinedly. "No, you're not," she insists. "Come on, Gale, go back and rest. You need it." There's deep dark circles under his eyes and coal dust already stuck in his fingernails. He wobbles slightly as he walks, as if fighting sleep with every step. "Catnip, really," he replies, looking up with drooping eyes. "I'm okay." Katniss lets out a frustrated sigh, saying nothing as she stands, watching him reset a few more snares. At the second-to-last one, his eyelids inch closer and closer together until he falls asleep, leaning lightly on Katniss's knee. She can't help but smile as she crouches down, taking off her hunting jacket and laying it under his head as a makeshift pillow. "Told you so," she whispers. He stirs, and she impulsively reaches out to touch his cheek, jerking her hand away at the last second. Wondering what came over her, she grabs her bow quickly and heads out to find game at a distance that she can keep an eye on him. "Why didn't you wake me up?" is the first thing that comes out of Gale's mouth two hours later, when Katniss's game bag is full and she decides it's time to go home. "I just did," she points out, knowing the answer will irritate him. " Before that," he says. "Well, I think your little nap did you good," she replies, and it's true. Gale actually looks alive now, his eyes alert and body supporting itself. "Still," he pushes on stubbornly, looking annoyed as they fall into a comfortable silence. "Hey, Katniss," someone says urgently. Katniss turns around, confused as she looks back at the rest of the school hallway. She sees the blond hair first, then the blue eyes and broad shoulders. Peeta Mellark. "Peeta?" she says, unable to hide her surprise at being approached. He doesn't look affected by her tone of voice. "Take this," he says, holding out a brown bag that she didn't notice before. The irresistible aroma of bakery bread wafts from it. Charity, she thinks bitterly. Doesn't she already owe this boy enough? "I can't," she snaps, the response coming out more biting than she intended. She softens her voice, "I can't take any more from you." A flash of remembrance passes through his eyes. "Think of this as a gift." The bag comes towards her once again. "I'm sorry," Katniss says, because she knows what lengths he probably had to go to to get this bread, with his witch of a mother, but her pride holds her back. He doesn't look too hurt as he nods tersely. He's probably come across his fair share of Seam pride as well. Katniss shifts her weight from foot to foot, waiting for the mayor's back door to open. Her game bag's filled to the brim with bright red berries and she's afraid they'll all tumble down the pretty steps if someone doesn't come soon. "Yes?" the mayor says, looking sleepy as he looks down at her. "Oh, hello Katniss." He promptly disappears back into the house and returns with a large plastic box. Katniss silently empties her bag into the container. "Here," the mayor says, dumping a few coins into her hand. "You brought extra this time." Katniss looks into her palm to see a gold coin and two silvers. She usually only gets half of that. "Thanks, but-" Katniss begins, because she's already fuming at this second act of charity but this is the mayor and- "Katniss, I'm not trying to donate anything to you," the mayor says, speaking carefully. "You brought nearly double the amount of strawberries, so your pay doubles too." "And the extra silver?" she says, trying to hand the coin back. "Buy something for Gale's younger sister with it." He closes the door gently then because a Peacekeeper is walking towards the house, and Katniss stalks off in the other direction before the uniformed man catches her. The silver coin feels heavy in her hand, so she goes directly to the Hob and buys a length of pink ribbon with it, surprising Posy with the little gift before school. She braids it into the little girl's hair upon request, her eyes trailing towards the direction of the coal mines. By the third week she finally gets used to the biting loneliness, all of her seeming just a bit colder with every day that passes. She doesn't know why this affects her so much, because she was just fine hutning without Gale for the first twelve years of her life, and now he's become an essential part of it. Stupid, she keeps telling herself. If she's honest, she doesn't know if it's actually the empty woods that's bothering her or just the prospect of seeing Gale only once a week. "Hope everything's going all right for you, girl," Sae says, pouring Katniss a bowl of who-knows-what. Katniss takes the battered thing that really shouldn't be called a bowl anymore, setting it down in front of her and watching the bobbing pieces of meat. "Good enough,"