Annabeth has a twin sister who's completely spoiled and rotten in every possible way you can possibly imagine. But what happens when she rises to fame and gets even more spoiled and rotten as the days go by? And how come she happens to steal away he very thing that Annabeth likes? Disclaimer: Rick Riordan's Characters, not mine. Today was the last day of school. Which both saddened me and made me extremely happy at the same time. Why? Because I have to see my stupid twin sister here every damn day. She's always hanging out with her self-absorbed friends and making sure she knows that I can see them with her. Like I really care. What bugs me the most is that: One: She knows it annoys me since I don't have a lot of friends myself. And two: I'm not popular by her standards whatsoever. So yeah, I'm basically jumping with joy just thinking about leaving this place and not seeing her face for the whole summer. On the other hand, school is basically everything that I loved. Minus the cliques and all the douchebags, I adore learning, and it saddens me that I have to leave such a nice place behind just to do nothing all summer. Yeah I have books that I have to read for English next year, but I'm definitely going to miss all my other classes that I have. Today I was emptying out my locker, with the empty plastic water bottles and scrap paper that I have in there, when my friend Piper Mclean suddenly showed up beside my locker. Along with her boyfriend Jason Grace who was trailing right behind her. "Hey Annabeth." She greeted. "Ready to do nothing but party all summer?" I groaned. "Really Piper? Do you really think were cool enough to go to a party?" She shook her head. "No, we aren't." She grabbed Jason's hand. "But he is." Now that I can believe. Jason was the epitome of every high-school jock. He plays football, has a nice social status, and even took some AP classes. He's everything a suburban family would want for their daughter. With his good looks and flawless blond hair, nobody could say no to him. Jason was nice enough I guess, but he was more for Piper than anyone else. The two of those went together like Peanut butter and jelly. Piper was gorgeous and Jason was undoubtedly hot, and everybody knew these two. They were the it couple at Goode High School. Piper and I just finished up our junior year here, and were pretty much planning out where we would go to college. It seemed like such a sudden thing for the both of us, but me and Piper were best friends. We've been planning to do everything together just until that time comes where we would have to split. And that's what I was afraid of. Splitting up with my best friend. Jason's already graduated his senior year and was going to Stanford University with a full scholarship for football. I have to admit, I was jealous. Jealous that he was able to get out of this dungeon faster than me. "I can get you into some rad party's." Jason said. He looked down at Piper and his intertwined hands. "You might have to talk to people though Annabeth, I'm not sure how you could handle it." "Hey! I talk." I exclaimed. I shut my locker, slinging my bag over my shoulder. "I talk all the time!" Piper cocked her head. "Really? Anything other than facts?" She looked at Jason. "Have you ever heard her speak about anything other than facts?" Jason shook his head. "Never. I'm surprised that people don't run away from you." Piper giggled. "They do! Do you remember Michael Yew? He made up that lame excuse that his mom was driving him to the dentist! You're driving boys away like mad Annabeth!" I wanted to be made at them, I really did, but it was true. I couldn't hold a normal teenage conversation with anyone besides Jason and Piper for more than thirty seconds. By the time I stumbled upon my name, I was in the danger zone. What else can I talk about besides the weather and meaningless facts? It was so embarrassing. "I don't want to go to parties." I told Piper. Jason raised an eyebrow. "Well I don't! And do you know why?" Both of them smirked at me, I ignored them. "I've never done drugs or gotten drunk or done any of that!" I exclaimed in a low whisper. "Do you know how embarrassing that is for me?" Piper put a hand on my shoulder. If the touch was supposed to be comforting, it wasn't. "It's okay Annabeth." She told me. "Everybody feels that way at some point in their life. Even-." "Yeah." Jason butted in. "Were not pressuring you into doing anything Annabeth. We just want you to know what a party is like." "Did someone say party?" If this wasn't a public place, I would've decked my sister right here. She came around from behind Jason and Piper, all pouty lips and elegant pose. I hated her every time I looked at her. Unfortunately, we were both identical, so I had to deal with being mistaken as her on a daily bases. Except now that she was a big star, people know not to call me Molly. Both of us had blonde and curly hair, although she liked to change her's up from time to time. Today it was straight and was dancing right off her school uniform that somehow managed to look better on her than the rest of the school's population. Her gray eyes, like mine, stared deep into the three of us. She had a seductive look on her face and was leering at Jason. That tramp. I swear, if she wasn't famous, I would already be throttling at her throat. It all started in March, before our mother's birthday. We all knew that Molly had special talent. She could sing and act, and she didn't disappoint in school plays either. I just hoped that she would twist an ankle on stage or something. Molly was the better twin though. She was five minutes older than me, and was way prettier than me by every extent. When we were younger, it was hard to tell us apart, but now it was clear: She had a winning smile and perfect hair, while I had neither of those things. Anyway, Molly auditioned for a huge movie that was coming out next year, Alice in Wonderland . Which I guess was a cheap knockoff of the 1951 animated movie. Being blonde, she got the part, but needed to work on her British accent. Thank god she couldn't pronounce a single word though. That's definitely something she wasn't good at. It doesn't end there though, along with a movie deal, she signed a huge contract to make a record deal. Just my luck. Should I be happy for her? I guess. If she wasn't such a giant bitch all the time, I could've been more enthusiastic about it. As far as my relationship goes with my sister, it's pretty lousy. She puts on a fake smile around me and tries to be nice, but I could see right threw her. She isn't fooling me. She's fooling loads of other people though. "So a party!" Molly chirped. She looked at her two best friends standing by her side. I think they're more like her puppets though. "Isn't that just great Silena? Lacey, what do you think? Should we go to this "party?" The smaller blonde girl next to her squeaked a small, "yes Molly" before shrinking a little smaller behind Molly. I probably should feel bad, but it's her fault she's friends with my sister. Molly flipped her blonde hair and gave Jason another seductive look. He gawked at her for only a second, but he quickly cleared his throat and looked away. That's exactly what I'm talking about when I say Molly is a bitch. She has a reputation of stealing other people's boyfriends just to make herself look good, and then ditches them the second she's done with them. I just hopes that Jason wouldn't be stupid enough to fall into one of her traps. "Where's the party at?" Molly asked Jason, the seductive smile still on her face. "Uh." Jason stared at the floor. I could see him tightening his around Piper's hand. He was clearly uncomfortable. "We were just talking about partying over the summer." Molly did a little high-pitched girlish laugh. Oh how I hated that laugh. "I'm sure you two can enjoy your little "partying" this summer." She used her fingers to make quotations in the air. Could I just rip her fingers off right now? "What do you mean the two of us?" Piper asked with and eyebrow raised. She wasn't as fazed with being around Molly like Jason was. One of the reasons she's my best friend. Molly rolled her eyes. "Annabeth can't party with you!" She puckered her lips and gave me a dissolving look. "Mom didn't tell you? You're coming to LA with me this summer! Annabeth?" My eyes widened. Spend the whole summer with... Molly? Oh hell no! This wasn't even as planned! My mom told me I was staying with her and my two brothers the whole summer in San Diego while Molly flies up to LA with my dad! Unless Molly was lying, but I couldn't believe that she wanted me to come with her. I know what she thought on me. I think I stood there in shock for about two minutes before Molly snapped her fingers in front of my face. Oh... God! No! This wasn't happening! I thought I would get a free pass this summer. A summer free of Molly! I'd have to beg to my mom that I didn't want anything to do with Molly and her career. It would be tricky though, my mom was strict. I knew her response already. It was a no. It was a no because she knew I hated Molly, and she wanted for me to like her. I couldn't do that. It was impossible. I couldn't even look at her, let alone spend three months with her. I took a deep breath. I could do this. Couldn't I? I was tuff, I could take a beating. The kids bake in middle school used to love pounding my face in, how could three months with Molly be any different? I would have to keep a safe distance from her at all time. But what if I'm wrong? What if I can't handle her? I stared at Molly. She smiled. No, I can't do this. "Annabeth?" Molly waved her hand in front of my face. "Earth to Annabeth. What are you? Deaf and blind? Annabeth!" "Yeah." I whipped me head back to look at Jason and Piper, who were both giving me looks of sympathy. I guess partying wasn't on the list this summer. "I'll text you guys." I told the both of them. I turned around and tried not to look back. I hated Molly. I hated her for everything she was. As I walked into the cafeteria to return my textbook I felt like crying. How come nothing every goes my way? I couldn't believe that I just ditched my friends because my evil twin sister embarrassed me. Not publicly, but I feel like she shed something inside me. My dignity. I but my textbook in the cardboard box. I wasn't going to let my mom take over my life like this. ~~~ My mom left the oven on. As soon as I stepped threw the door of my house, I could smell something burning, and I was surprised that the fire alarm didn't go off. There was black smoke literally coming from the kitchen. I