Home is Behind, the World Ahead The Tale of Adamanta Bolo, who travels on Many Adventures with Several Hobbits, a Ranger, an Elf, Men, and a Wizard Of My Childhood And Journey to Hobbiton, in Which I Did not Plan to Go It's a dangerous business, going outside your door. If you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you'll be swept off to. -Bilbo Baggins 12 July, 2981, of the Third Age 19 Afterlithe, 1381 Shire-Reckoning Time… " Adamanta!" Mother whispered. 7 and-a-half years old, I tottered to her, holding my hands behind my back. She was dying, and I knew it. I was too small to understand, though, and too young for the memories to stay planted firmly in my head. All the memories from my childhood, with her, were uprooted by the wind and tossed away, leaving specks of dirt and seeds for my future. Tears crept down my hot cheeks as she took me into her arms one last time, and Father cried violently in the next room. The room spun as the screams shattered my sense of safety, and I crawled into bed with Mother, holding her close. Her breath left her, and I stuck my thumb in my mouth, too numb to move. 22 September, 2901, of the Third Age 1 Winterfilth, 1301, Shire-Reckoning Time... My back broken with sweat, I raked a hoe across a stretch of dirt that seemed too stubborn to want to crumble. Father called to me, as he took off for the Green Dragon. "I want that done before I get home, hear? Then get into a clean dress cus it's Bilbo Baggins' 9o th Birthday party!" He hollered, holding his tankard in the air. I wiped sweat off my brow and put my hands on my hips, frowning at the stubborn dirt. I kicked the hoe and was about to turn to go inside. Wouldn't matter if the job was done or not. Then again, I wanted to have a good present for my 10 th birthday...I pulled the hoe once more, and the dirt's hard surface finally gave in a little. I smiled. Something at last was going right, and that gave me such a clear burst of hope, that I even planned on having a jolly time at the party. Once the hard dirt was cracked I was able to plow the rest of the garden over, and stacked bags of seeds nearby for tomorrow. For now, well it was Bilbo Baggins' grand birthday party. I wiped my hands on my apron and walked round to the front of my home, the hobbit hole I adored more than anything else. It was dug into the side of a hill by my father's ancestors, and every Bolo there ever was lived there since. Primroses littered the hillside and grew over the hole, and the round door was painted a sharp yellow, every spring, by Father and me. I set a pot of water boiling, on the stone hearth, and sat in Father's easy chair, pretending to puff his pipe, so that I could have warm water in my bath. On the bed I set out a pink flowery dress and some hair ribbons for my reddish-brownish curls, dreaming of what could happen... As I crept along with Father, I ran into several other young girls about my age. Lily Boffin was 9 and Poppy Bracegirdle was 12. It was very exciting, to meet some friends at last! Father smiled when Lily invited me to sleep-over, since now he didn't have to find chores and things for me to do! I also met Rose Cotton, and the Cotton family who Father has known for years. Rosie is 18 already but she is still very nice, as are the Gamgees and the Baggins. In fact, every family is very kind. At last, some comfort and fun for me! 30 August, 2903, of the Third Age 8 Halimath, 1303, Shire-Reckoning Time... The warm afternoon urged us to go out, so Lily pushed back my bangs with a headband and I let my curly auburn hair fall to my waist (In the summertime, though, my hair really lightens to copper). In my favorite green dress I skipped along the road to Rosie Cotton's hobbit hole, with Lily and Poppy at my side, being extra cautious to stay under the trees so the sweat wouldn't wreck our prettying-up. I turned to whisper to Lily when she suddenly cried, "Watch out!" I turned at the last second and felt something hit me so hard the breath left my body with an "Oomph!" I landed on my rump and glared when I saw it was only some hobbit boys, three to be exact. They were wearing jumpers and their undershirts, which must have been white at some time, were smeared with dirt. One of the boys had fair curly hair and dark eyes, one had dark curly hair and bright blue eyes, and the third had light brown hair and green eyes. I kicked myself away from them and tried to get to my feet but the fair-haired boy shoved me to the ground again. "Hey!" I cried, but he took my arm and roughly pulled me to him. "You're hostage!" He sneered. "You wanna get away, you gotta go steal me some mushrooms from Farmer Maggot!" I was so scared, I could feel my heart pulsing and pounding against the breast of my dress. "Let her go!" I heard Lily cry, and one of the other young boys matched her cry. I looked up through tear-stained cheeks. My arm hurt, and I could hear the third boy laughing at the whole thing. The fair-haired boy gave me a grin after his friend told him to let go of me, and touched my curls. "Pretty ribbons," he said, before yanking them out and dashing them to the dirt path and stepping on them. He pushed me to the ground again and took off running with his friend, but the kind boy stayed behind and bent down as I tried to get up. " Sorry," he said, brushing the dirt away from my dress, arms, and cheeks. His eyes were big and blue, his hands were so soft, and he was so nice. I felt myself blushing as he leaned to tap some dirt off my nose, and put his hand down on mine by accident. "What's your name?" He asked me. "Adamanta... Bolo, of Bolo Gorge," I stammered, using the formal name of my hobbit hole. "What's yours?" The boy held his chin a little higher. "I'm Frodo Baggins of Bag End, Miss," he said. I could see, out of the corner of my eye, Lily frowning. Poppy stared at the ground and didn't say a thing. " Wanna play?" Frodo asked hopefully, looking from me to Lily, but suddenly with a burst of speed the other boys were back. The one who'd pushed me to the ground sneered at me. "C'mon, Frodo," he called. "I bet she doesn't run or fight or tussle..." Grasping Frodo's arm, he pulled him to his feet and they scampered off, with Frodo wildly waving at us. When we finally got to the Gamgees we silently sat over tea, partly because of our experience with the boys (Poppy and Lily were whispering among themselves behind my back) and partly because two other girls were there; Estella Bolger and Diamond of Long Cleeve. Rosie knew something was wrong, and came to talk to us when I told my story and how upset I was. "Merry Brandybuck and Pippin Took?" She asked. "They don't mean anything. They're just silly boys." I frowned. "Frodo's not," I said, and she smiled and poured more tea. "No, Frodo's a different kind. Just like Samwise Gamgee." I was troubled by that for awhile. 22 September 2905, of the Third Age 1 Winterfilth 1305, Shire-Reckoning Time... Estella and Diamond and I ran along the road, hoping to catch sight of Gandalf's fireworks. They were big and bright, like hundreds of fireflies changing into glittering colors in the night air...of course they were just a lot louder. The sun was setting and Father was off getting himself drunk again with the other hobbits, but Estella and Diamond and I skipped, holding hands, between the red, blue, gold, purple, and green colored tents, only stopping when someone pet our heads and admired our silky ribbons and bouncy, curly hair. "Such lovely girls," Someone said, and I curtsied at them, feeling the soft warm moss between my toes. I bared a cheeky grin, introducing strangers to the fact that I had been extra-careful in avoiding freckles. I had worn caps and big hats all spring to ensure the fact, and was extremely proud of myself. Rosie was serving ale, just barely old enough to, in fact. "Want some help, Rosie?" I asked her. "No, thanks," she grinned, her gold curly hair shining in the lights of the party tree. I sat near her anyway, positioning myself just so. Finally, Rosie sat down with me, blushing and smiling and waving. I bent my head. "Who's that?" I mouthed. A fair-haired hobbit lad shuffled his feet, trying to hide his embarrassment. His face was round and sweet, and his hazel eyes darted this way and that occasionally stopping to rest on Miss Rosie. " That's Sam," Rosie said quietly. "He's Frodo's neighbor. You know the Gamgees, don't you? On Bagshot Row?" I stretched my head again. Someone tapped my shoulder and I whirled around, startling myself when I stared into a pair of bright blue eyes. I would know that face anywhere... " Hi," Frodo said. "Wanna dance?" The music seemed to whistle my invitation and I yearned to stretch out a hand and take him to the dance floor. But then he was jostled by some of his friends, including Merry and Pippin, who laughed loudly at him and me. While he was blushing and snapping back at them I picked up my skirts and ran clear around the setup of tents, ducking under cake platters and trays of ale, and dodging dancing, drunken hobbits until I got back to Rosie. "What was that?" She giggled. "You ran like your skirts were aflame." I wrinkled my nose so I could see the unfashionable freckles in the corners of my eyes, ones I had missed. I hadn't been as careful as I thought. " Dancing with boys is gross," I said, and we both laughed. Then, Rosie started staring off again, probably at that Samwise. "Would you give me a message to take to him?" I asked her. She smiled and bent down to whisper in my ear, and I took off running again. 23 February 2907, of the Third Age 3 Rethe, 1307, Shire-Reckoning Time... For weeks, the hobbits of the Shire anticipated snow. The trees had lost their leaves, the farming season was done, and it was frightfully cold even though the Brandywine didn't freeze over like in the old stories. Even still, we girls shook with excitement at the prospect of meeting the wolves we'd heard so much about, that lived on the other side of the Brandywine and could cross it if it was stiff enough. The weather became a routine discussion at the Green Dragon as Father, his friends, my friends, and I walked the frozen paths to the pub, wrapped in cloaks and breathing white clouds. The skies were bright and gray, and everywhere children waited for the first snowfall, one that would bring blankets and happiness after Yuletide. I was too excited, even to sleep the night of the big storm; it had finally come! I cuddled up in Bolo Gorge, just me and my father, he smoking a pipe and drinking ale and telling me stories that made me giggle. The wind howled and I snuggled deep into my winter nightgown and blankets which, though I was toasty enough, kept me