Disclaimer (for the whole story): This story is based on characters and situations created and owned by JK Rowling, various publishers including but not limited to Bloomsbury Books, Scholastic Books and Raincoast Books, and Warner Bros., Inc. No money is being made and no copyright or trademark infringement is intended. Summary: "The one with the power to assure our Lord's reign approaches ... born to those who have thrice stood with him, born as the seventh month dies ... and our Lord will make him his equal," What if this prophesy made Lord Slytherin, adored ruler of Magical Britain, want to marry Harry Potter? A TMR/HP Tragedy AU, Dark. Please mind the warnings! Pairings: Tom/Harry, other side pairings like Draco/Astoria, Lucius/Narcissa, James/Lily, Sirius/Remus Rating: NC-17 Warnings: This is placed in the category Tragedy for a reason! It includes dark themes, AU, some OOC because of the AU, self-harm, m-preg, arrange marriage and temporary Character Deathafter suicide. The reason for the last warning is that the first plot arc (tragedy) will not have a HEA(Happily-ever-after), though the second arc (romance) will have a HEA-ending as a 'What if'-sequel. So, if you can live with a temporary character death before the HEA this is your story. There's also villain Dumbledore and good Tom, but read for yourself. Also English isn't my native language. Guide: "Speech", Thoughts, ~letters and other written things , " Parseltongue " Beta: cuter-than-a-guinea-pig. All remaining errors are my own. AN: A warm welcome to my new readers. Hello again to my old readers. This story (especially the last third) will be much, much darker than my previous ones. Still, I hope that you'll enjoy reading this story. -~-~- Verbuar* -~-~- -~-~-by Still waters are deep-~-~- -~-~- Prologue -~-~- My name is Harry James Riddle, nee Potter, former consort of Lord Slytherin and this is the story of my short life. One could say that my life already headed downhill―or as the Seers like Sybill Trelawney loved to call it, was fated to be doomed―six months before I was born. -~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-Verbuar―Blinded-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~- It was a snowy night in the beginning of February of nineteen-eighty when a chain of unfortunate events built the basis for my condemned life. It all began as Severus Snape, who at the young age of twenty was already Lord Slytherin's most trusted and talented Potions master and would become one of my future godfathers, entered the Hog's Head to meet with Mundungus Fletcher. While Severus had no love left for Fletcher, he was in a desperate need of chimaera eggshells for his latest potion and the dubious black market dealer had promised to deliver the as Non-Tradeable Substance classified Potions ingredient today at seven. As Severus was ascending the stairs to room number three where he would meet with Fletcher, he noticed that the door to room one was halfway opened. And just as he was about to walk pass the door, he heard a husky trance-like voice begin to speak. Intrigued, he stopped to listen to the voice. And what he heard was beyond anything he had hoped to gain from meeting Mundungus Fletcher at the Hog's Head. "The one with the power to assure our Lord's reign approaches ... born to those who have thrice stood with him, born as the seventh month dies ... and our Lord will make him his equal," Sybill Trelawney spoke in her Seer-trance, her voice being carried from Room One out into the hallway where Severus was standing. Unfortunately, this was all Severus heard of the prophesy made by the young Trelawney before the soft and husky voice of the great-great-granddaughter of the famous Seer Cassandra Trelawney was drowned out by the loud yell of Aberforth Dumbledore―the owner of the Hog's Head. "How many more times do I have to tell you that you're band from this establishment," Aberforth angrily screamed up the stairs as he saw Mundungus Fletcher already halfway up the landing. "Come on you rat, out with you!" Aberforth said, as he grabbed Fletcher by his dirty robes and dragged him towards the door. By the time the noise level subdued, Trelawney had already come out of her trance and stopped speaking. Why did the dunderhead asked me to meet him in the Hog's head when he's banned from it? Severus asked himself, annoyed with the black market dealer. Contemplating whether he should get a hold of Fletcher or the Seer first, he decided that whoever was in room one would still be there in five minutes, while Fletcher most likely would run off in some moments. So, he turned on his heals to go after Aberforth, who was currently busy shoving Mundungus out of the pub's door, hoping to catch Fletcher before he could Apparate away with his chimaera eggshells. -~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-Verbuar―Blinded-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~- With a purposeful stride and chimaera eggshells in his inner robes pocket, Severus re-entered the pub and walked to the room where he had heard the prophesy being spoken from. When he discovered that the only occupant of the room was a young woman with wild brown hair, sitting in an uncomfortable chair with her back facing the entrance, he walked straight up to her. "Tell me, woman, what else did you say after 'our Lord will make him his equal'!" the dark-haired Potions master demanded in a no nonsense voice as soon as he was standing in front of the chair the young brunette was occupying. "Me?" Trelawney squished out, intimidated by Severus' threatening stance in front of her. "Yes, you!" Snape barked out, needing to know what else the prophesy said. "I didn't say anything after I entered this room," the frightened woman finally stammered out after some moments, wondering if she may have talked while she had dozed off for a minute. As the Potions master's face obviously became even angrier at her words, she hastily continued speaking. "I was just sitting here by myself, waiting for Headmaster Dumbledore's arrival. He is in the dire need of a new Divinations teacher and I've applied for this important position," Trelawney explained, hoping that the mentioning of the well respected headmaster of Hogwarts would be enough to save her from the Potions master's fury. But in the end, it wasn't Dumbledore's name but his appearance in the room which saved her from any further harm Severus might have inflicted on her to hear the rest of the prophesy. "Ah, Severus, my boy, what a nice surprise. What brings you here?" Albus Dumbledore asked his former student as joyful as ever. "I was just asking this woman to tell me the second half of the prophesy she made minutes ago," he informed the headmaster. Maybe she will tell the whole prophesy to her future employer, especially since she said she is applying for the Divinations post, Severus thought as he―contrary to his better judgement―told Dumbledore of the existence of the prophesy. "And here I thought you wanted to offer to take over teaching Potions from Horace," Dumbledore said, saddened. He would have loved to have Severus as the new Potions master of Hogwarts, but it seemed like he would need to find someone else for the post before the next school year started. Remembering why the young Potions master was here, he asked, "If my memory serves me correctly, you never took Divinations at Hogwarts, did you?" "No," Severus answered, wondering where this talk was headed as he was only interested in the rest of the prophesy. "Then, my boy, you most likely don't know that a Seer is in a trance when they make their prophesies and can't remember their words when they come out of the trance. So, I fear, Severus, that we will never know the rest," Albus explained to his former student. Wonderful, Severus thought, sarcastically. Why couldn't the idiot Fletcher decide to arrive five minutes later? Out loud he said, "Then I've no further business here and will take my leave so that you can begin with your job interview." And with that, he left the room in a whirlwind of his black robes. Once outside the Hog's Head Snape Apparated back towards his Lord's Manor in England. Lord Slytherin surely will be very interested to hear about the prophesy, even if Severus could only provide him with half of it. Meanwhile, Albus Dumbledore was very happy that he could cut the interview short. While he would have liked to discontinue Divinations being taught at Hogwarts, he at least believed that Severus wouldn't lie about having heard a prophesy being made by Trelawney. Therefore, for all intents and purposes Sybill Trelawney qualified to teach Divinations. And while he pretended to listen to Sybill talking about her great-great-grandmother's gift, he wondered what the prophesy Severus Snape had heard was about. It surely would have to be something very important if Severus was so interested to hear the second half, Dumbledore mused. But as Severus regrettably is loyal to Lord Slytherin, he won't tell me the contents on his own accord. Maybe I could try to... , Dumbledore began to plot. -~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-Verbuar―Blinded-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~- When Severus arrived at the driveway to Slytherin Manor, which was located at the outskirts of Northallerton* , he walked straight to Lord Slytherin's study on the second floor. "Enter," Tom Marvolo Riddle, the current Lord Slytherin and ruler of Magical Britain, called from behind the closed ebony door after Severus knocked on it twice. Opening the door, Snape walked towards the pear wood desk situated near the big window overlooking the garden, behind which Lord Slytherin sat. While Lord Slytherin was already fifty-three years old, he still looked like the handsome pale twenty-one year old wizard with dark wavy hair and black eyes he had been at the day of his crowning. And while he had been very young at that time, the wizards and witches of Britain soon loved him. Not because of his beauty, but because he was a fair and highly intelligent ruler. Many of the history books even went so far as to say that Tom Marvolo Riddle becoming Lord Slytherin was the best thing that happened to Britain since the construction of Hogwarts. Though, this mostly had to do with how Tom came into power. While Tom's grandfather, Marvolo Gaunt, had been a good ruler, his son and heir Morfin had been ruthless and cruel. So, everyone was relieved when Morfin died not even three years after becoming Lord Slytherin. As Morfin Gaunt didn't leave behind any children the title went to his only sibling, his sister Merope Riddle, nee Gaunt. But because the laws say that only a male could claim the Slytherin title, it was her twenty-one year old son, Tom, who became Lord Slytherin. While some of the pure-bloods at the beginning were sceptical if the son of the Muggle-born Tom Riddle Sr., and therefore a half-blood, would be able to handle the role which had always been played by a pure-blood descendant of the great Salazar Slytherin himself, Tom soon showed that he was more than qualified for the job of the ruler of Magical Britain. The only thing speaking against him was that he still was without a spouse and more importantly an heir, even if many women had tried and were still trying to gain their Lord's attention. Bellatrix Black, a famous healer, was currently the one woman most desperate to become Mrs Riddle as her parents had informed her that she would have to marry Rodolphus Lestrange if she was unsuccessful in her attempt to catch Lord Slytherin's heart. "Ah, Severus," Tom said, when he saw who had sought him out tonight. "What brings you here tonight?" he asked, offering the Potions master a seat. "My Lord," Severus greeted, sitting down in the comfortable green leather chair. "I come because I've important news," he began. "And what may they be?" Riddle asked, knowing that Severus would never come to him after dinner time if it wasn't important. After all, it was well known that he