LEYNA: Leo Valdez you are my hero LEYNA What a great day it was for Reyna who was in unusually high spirits for today at the next senate meeting she along with her friend Leo Valdez, who is ambassador of new Rome, outside of the new Rome in the forest, together they discovered evidence that Octavian, augur to Rome, had been passing information to Gea`s during the second giant war which they could you to kick him out of camp Jupiter but it had to be presented at today senate meeting or he would get away Scott free! " Well, well, well look at whose so happy," Leo grinned " Smiling, whistling, happiness no madder where you go I don`t think I have ever seen you so happy Reyna!" Reyna notices Leo and grins " Why should I not be happy we finally get rid of that poor excuse for a roman augur, much less a proper roman solider!" she gives Leo a stare of absolute happiness and all he could think about was that how much more beautiful she look when she was at ease and not trying to kill someone. Leo just can`t stop himself so he finally goes to Reyna to ask her " Reyna how would you like to go out with me sometime?" she then turns a dark shade of red she can`t say she has never thought about it because he secretly found him quite cute and funny ever since they made friends in-between there camps and saw that she could never have Jason or Percy she had been feeling so alone until Leo had found her in her favorite café he began to cheer her up and every time she talked to him, By Venus, she found herself falling a little bit more in love with him. "Leo..." was all she could say before he pushed her to the ground, then she sits up looks in Leo`s direction " LEO, WHAT THE PLUTO!" in state of absolute rage but that quickly ended when she saw him get rammed over by a hellhound and he got up and burst into flames from the waist up and she began to she he was in a losing battle against both a hellhound, about the size of Mrs. O Leary, and a rare nemean lion then regaining herself she pulls out her dagger and runs to help the guy she likes. trying to entertain the hellhound so Leo has one less enemy to worry about she slashes of its tale to hear it give the loudest howl she ever heard it turns toward her and snaps at her with its butcher knife size teeth she gracefully maneuvers out of its reach and then it had the same idea to ram her over just like it did to Leo and as it gets closers she does a somersault on the back of the hellhound and that's when it noticed her presence on its back it try's desperately to shake her off but no luck reyna finally gets steady enough then she japes her dagger into the neck of the hellhound with all her force that it simply disinagrates on the spot making reyna fall hard on her but. Then as she was getting up she heard Leo gave a sickening scream, "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH," she turns around and saw something that made her want to collapse on the spot, she sees that the nemean lion had Leo pinned to ground and, Dear Gods, in the lions mouth was Leo`s entire left arm it was horrifying to see as the arm was still dripping blood, as well as blood gushing out of Leo like a torrent she can hear Leo screaming in so much pain that he wanted die I was quickly snapped out of this state as I saw the lion was about to go for another blow she then threw her dagger at the beast to get it`s attention, and sure enough it got it`s attention, she went to go draw her sword but it wasn`t there because the blade got damaged in combat training so she had to leave it with the smiths at camp she cursed herself silently she then realized that the lion was to close to think of another plan or try to get away. the nemean lion took its front right paw swiped it at her with such force that it she slammed straight through a tree and then you could hear Leo scream "RRRREEEEEYYYYYYNNNNNNNAAAAAAAA!" Leo felt such excruciating pain in where his left arm used to be but he had to be strong and get both him and reyna out of here. He saw Reyna's dagger he picked it up and threw it at the great beast like reyna just did then the lion had turned a round and roared Leo took advantage at this point he sent the hottest column of fire he could possibly muster with his last remaining arm straight into the lions mouth and it look at him with pure hatred and exploded then the golden dust flew everywhere on everything and everyone in the area (Which had only been themselves pity) Leo had done it he defeated it but his victory was short lived when he thought on how he was going to get back to camp Jupiter with her then he decided he had no other choice since she could not get up to even walk so he to drape her left arm on his one remaining shoulder and tried to carry her into camp Reyna said to him "Thank you Leo..." she kisses him on the cheek and fell unconscious and Leo knew he had to get themselves up to the mess hall cause reyna told him after he became the ambassador that the mess hall was where the camp would meet up if something were to go wrong and he knew they would meet up because they were hours late for the senate meeting and Jason surly would get them into high gear looking for them. he hoped. Back at Camp Jason, the second praetor to new Rome, had whipped up the entire camp into a frenzy looking for his friends Leo and Reyna but was not having much luck, "None of you from any of the cohorts have any leads on where they might be, none," then every soldier, camper, and faun(or Styr) shook their head no and Jason slumped back into the chair and pinched his eyebrows together and looked worried then said, " well I only have a couple of options left one of them is Iris messaging camp half blood to ask Chiron if they have found out anything new or helpful," then someone from the first cohort takes spray bottle and sprays a thin mist into the air, then Jason fishes out a golden drachma out of his pants pocket and starts to say the incantation, " O Iris Goddess of The Rainbow Show Me Chiron at Camp Half-Blood," the mist quickly changes into a picture showing the unmistakable picture of Chiron the centaur ," Hey Chiron its me Jason have you found them or anything useful that might lead to where they were?" but the old centaur just looks grim and says ,"I am sorry Jason but there is no trace of them what's so ever over here but if we hear anything we will let you know straight away." " thank you Chiron for your help." Jason says as he waves his hand threw the mist disconnecting the message looking even more distraught then before then he stood up to speak," well everyone that leaves me with my last option I will set out for new York so I might speak with the gods on mount Olympus." "Well there isn`t no need to go there now." everyone turned to see Leo speak as he poked his head through the door, " Leo, Reyna your o...LEO!" he said gasping as well as everyone else in there that saw him with one of his arms was completely gone and blood was gushing from it and he was trying to use his last arm to support and hold up an unconscious Reyna, " I..I A...A..Am G..g..Glad I..I G..G..Got H...Her b...b..back Safe." he said with his sarcastic and goofy smile and then collapsed to the floor with Reyna on his back everyone gasps then Jason hollers, "EVERYBODY STAND BACK, I NEED MEDICS IN HERE NOW!" and at that command everyone got at a safe distance especially since now that there praetor was starting to spark electricity at the site of his friends and now that the medics were there they were trying to get Leo and Reyna out of there so that they could get proper treatment and they got there after Jason had yelled, "SILENCE" after that they all quieted down and let them get threw as they carried both Leo and Reyna and got them to the medic building they sat the unconscious bodies of Leo and Reyna on beds next to each other then Jason got in front of them and iris messaged Chiron to tell him, and saw him, "CHIRON!" he turned around to see Jason yelling his name, " hey Jason have you had any progress in finding them?" he said as he could tell I was freaking out, "Yes I have found them both I want you to pull Annabeth, Percy, Piper, Hazel, and Frank out of what ever there doing and to get aboard the Argo II and get here as quickly as possible and bring both the Hephaestus and Hecate cabins along with them this is an emergency!" " Whoa Jason com down now tell me..." he saw what Jason meant as he moved aside and saw Leo with one of his arms missing and reyna was unconscious , "so I see but what would good would it do by bringing those two cabins there?" "I have a plan that maybe if I could get Greek and roman sides together that maybe they could make an metal arm to fit on Leo`s side that he can use as a full working arm so he don`t have to go the rest of his life with just one arm." Jason pleaded, Chiron nods " Aw I see but I hate me to tell you this but no camper is skilled enough to do it the two gods themselves would have to do it." Jason looked liked he got shot through the heart then Chiron added, " But I have been summoned to a council meeting in there thrown room and I will try to ask for there help if I can play my cards right it can be done!" Jason grins " then just send Annabeth, Percy, Piper, Hazel, and frank they will want to see this but do not tell them let them they need to see for there selves." the centaur nods then he disconnects the message and leaving Jason with a heavy Heart. On the Argo II Percy, Annabeth, Piper, Hazel, and Frank were all pacing the deck of the Argo II along with Chiron being on Board with the lot but he was not answering any questions and not giving any answers except one, " Chiron why did you pull all of us out of camp and stick us on this boat," annabeth desperately trying to get an answer out of the centaur but he keeps replying, " I sorry child but I can not say more then there was an emergency, we will be arriving at there any moment and Jason will explain everything," then piper gets into the conversation, "wait a minute only Jason then that means that, OH GODS, Leo and Reyna got hurt Didn`t They?" Chiron looks down, " Well..." "DIDN`T THEY?!" piper demanded " yes, yes they did but I can not tell you the state of there injuries you must find out on there on your