This is a little story that I started to write a few years ago. I lost my confidence and stopped posting due to some nasty comments on another story, but I carried on writing because I just love doing it. This is technically unbeta'd (so please excuse any errors) but Eternally Cullen did pre read for me, thanks lovely. As always, you all rock. I still do not own Twilight or any of the characters. One hour, that's how long Bella Swan has been at work and she's already completed all of her paperwork for the day. She grins to herself and fist pumps at her excellence but it doesn't take long for the realisation to hit her that, yet again, she has nothing to do for the rest of the day. She slumps forward onto her desk, with her arms hanging limply by her sides and groans loudly into the empty office. She's sat like that for at least five minutes, until she hears someone move at the door. As soon as the soft sigh escapes his lips, a grin automatically spreads across her face. "Now this is what I look forward to all weekend, seeing my employees working hard." His deep voice dances with good humour. Bella peeks up through her hair so she can catch a glimpse of her handsome boss. She internally moans at the glorious sight of him. He's casually leaning against the doorframe with his arms crossed, wearing a light blue button down, a pair of black suit pants and very boyish grin, complete with dimples. She can't help but notice how his clothes cling to his gorgeous, muscular body in all the right places. Bella sits up and peels the stray post-it note off her forehead, her face still split into a huge grin. "Oh, Mr Cullen. I'm so sorry, I've actually done all the work and I..." He cuts her off by putting his finger against his full lips and he makes a shushing noise. She attempts an apology once-more. "I just..." He stops her again by shushing louder, his eyes twinkle mischievously. Bella feels her mouth snap shut at his request, she'd never push him too far. His whole demeanour exudes dominance, yet his benevolent nature and his gentle manner ensures respect and love from everyone who has the pleasure to work for him or meet him. "Oh Bella, Bella, Bella." Her name slides from his tongue like honey and it sends pleasant tingles through her body. She drags her errant thoughts, that had been undressing him, to heel and tries to listen. She does a swift and inconspicuous drool check with her forefinger and then pouts at him. Her eyes try to wander back to that shirt and the way his muscles are almost visible through it, but she manages to control herself. He looks questioningly at her plump bottom lip, which is now jutting out. She tries to muster some fake tears, angling for the dramatic approach. "Please tell me that there's some more work for me to do?" He laughs loudly and in that moment, she can't imagine a more, perfect specimen of a man. In her humble opinion, he's not only the hottest man alive but he's also the classic knight in shining armour that most women yearn for. He always ensures that everyone is well looked after and he really does let kindness be his driving force. She can imagine that the girl who ends up catching Emmett Cullen's eye will be the luckiest person alive. He stops laughing, a smile still kisses his lips as they twitch in humour. "I've actually come to ask you a big favour. A huge favour, in fact." She nods for him to continue. "We're overstaffed in this section, as you know." He gently waves his large hand around the office as he strides into the small space, towards her desk. "So, I was wondering, as you really are the best, if you'd go and help..." He pauses for too long and Bella's bottom jaw drops to the desk, he sighs in resignation at her expression. "I need you to go and help out my brother for a while." His eyes hold hers in a steady stare, it's obvious that he was expecting this reaction. "Really?" Her voice comes out as a small squeak. She clears her throat and tries again. "Really?" She says it half-heartedly and her eyebrows move down into a little frown. She knows that he means it and also knows that she does not like it, not even a tiny bit. She's aware that he wouldn't ask this of anyone, unless it really was an emergency. "Edward." His voice cuts across her meandering thoughts. Just as the first syllable leaves his perfect mouth, Bella's head collides with her desk, more forcibly than last time. It hurts her and she mumbles muffled profanities to herself. She's well aware that 'Mr Hotty Pants,' as she likes to refer to him, is still in her office. "He really isn't that bad. Please stop banging your head against the desk. Like I've already said, you are the best I've got and he needs someone reliable and competent to help him while Angela is on maternity leave. He's going through assistants at an alarming rate." She peeks up at him through her hair and watches as he shakes his head, his eyes downcast. He turns to leave, but stops before he gets to the door. "The amount of crying women that have run out of this building recently is ridiculous, he's tempestuous at best but I know you can handle him. You can go on up, when you're ready. I've told him to expect you." Emmett watches as the petite brunette in front of him hides beneath her hair, he can see her big brown eyes peeking out at him. He really does hate that he has to do this to Bella, but he also knows that Edward can't fire her, not unless he wants to deal with their father's wrath. He's well aware that Bella is far too good to be doing what she is at the moment and he's hoping that this challenge will open her eyes to her own potential. He also knows that she has a huge heart and is a very selfless person, this is why he thinks that she'll be good for Edward. He just wishes his brother would soften up a little, Edward never used to be like this. It may be a good learning curve for them both. After a quick and fond smile aimed at Bella, he turns and heads back to his own office, a hopeful spring in his step. Bella feels numb as she watches him leave. She'll always do anything for Emmett Cullen, but this is taking the biscuit and the cake. Rosalie Hale sweeps into their shared office, looking stunning, as she always does. She glances at Bella who still has her head on her desk, her shiny, mahogany hair splayed out around her. Bella lifts her head and mumbles incoherently at her. making Rose spin back round on the balls of her feet to look at her again, closely. "Late night?" Rose winks at her and grins her perfect smile. Bella gives her the evil eye in response. "Nope." She pouts dramatically."You know I didn't leave the couch all night." Bella had spent the evening watching her Angel box set, in her mind, David Boreanez is a bit like Chicken soup, he's good for your soul. Plus that cute British Wesley is an added bonus. Rose shrugs in apparent indifference and flicks her long blonde hair over her shoulder. "I went to bed early so for all I know you could've had a hot date with a Vodka bottle or snuck out to some mad party." She winks again but Bella doesn't respond with a witty come-back like she would normally, she still has her head propped up on her hands and is staring blankly into space. Rose feels that familiar guilt well up inside of her again, as she looks at her beautiful friend, because Bella has truly given up so much for her. Rose really hates seeing her upset, she would move mountains for her if she could. She purses her glossed lips and narrows her eyes. "Bella? What the hell is up with you? It looks like you've lost a diamond and found some dog poop." She tries to push down that sadness she feels as she snorts at her own statement and plops a fresh coffee down onto Bella's desk. Rose stands with one hand on her shapely hip, she sips from her tea as she watches Bella pick up her coffee and nurses it in her hands. She has absolutely no intention of dropping this until she finds out what's wrong. "Emmett has just transferred me to his brother's department. Angela's old job." Bella's eyes flicker up in time to see Rose splutter her tea everywhere. She pushes a handful of tissues across her desk, towards her. She's staring at Bella with her mouth agape, as still as a statue. Bella sighs, spins on her chair to face her computer and loads a new game of solitaire. Just as she clicks the last card and they scatter across her screen, Rose finally speaks. Her voice is quiet and it makes Bella turn to listen. "You can't work with him. I'll go and speak to Emmett." "No Rose, please just leave it. Emmett knows what he's doing and if I don't go then someone might lose their job. We're just too over staffed and I can't see that happen. Its only until Angela gets back, anyway." Bella shrugs her shoulders, as though it really isn't a big deal. Inside she's screaming and pounding her fists in annoyance and fear. Rose flops into her seat, faces her best friend and seems to think about it for a moment. "Hold up Swan. No. Just no. He is a. Cold. Fucking. Ass. I'll do it. You can't. Emmett would never let anyone lose their job here." Rose stands with a renewed purpose, making Bella jump out of her seat too. Edward is renowned for being a hard boss to work for and that's putting it mildly, he fired one poor girl for forgetting to top up his candy supply. Apparently he has an unhealthy obsession with lollipops, among other things. These ridiculous rumours spread quicker than wild fire and both Rose and Bella have heard all kinds of things about the other half of this building and never anything pleasant. "Rose, cut it out. You have Riley to think about and it's getting ridiculous here, I'm now a pro at solitaire and I'm more than a little addicted to social media, in any form. I'm bored and I'm running out of things to tweet about." Bella leans her head to the side and watches her friend carefully, incase she makes a move towards the door. Rose has been Bella's best friend since high school. Rose fell pregnant at eighteen and now has Riley who's a healthy and happy three year old. Her parents and her boyfriend, Royce, disowned her shortly after she told them about her surprise pregnancy. Royce has always denied that the baby is his, apparently he really is the jerk that Bella always feared he was. Bella's dad, Charlie, took Rose in without question and supported her. When Carlisle Cullen; Charlie's best friend, heard about the situation, he offered to secure both girls a job at his company in Seattle and helped them to get an apartment. He even helped them financially so they could set up their home for the new baby. Bella would never have left Rose and Riley on their own and Charlie knows that. She is, after all, just like him. At first Bella went to college and worked part time as well as helping with Riley, while Rose