*Sings* Happy birthday to youuuuu Michelle! So this is a little story I've written for Mi, she pre reads all of my ramblings and is always there for me. She makes me laugh when I don't feel like it and she's just as crazy and filthy as I am. Not a day goes by without her pestering me... So I kinda figured that I owed her. She's bugged and annoyed me for ages about doing this and I just couldn't get rid of her. I did try. So, alas, I have given in and here it is... Angry, passionate, virgin, clichéd library stuffs. That was literally what she asked for, so I tried my best... Hope it's okay! It is just a one shot... No more chapters. *glares* And after reading this AN, she can't even punch me because she lives in America *insert evil laugh here* I don't own Twilight. Not pre read or beta'd. Side note: 16 is the legal age in England.. No moaning. Leave me love down below... (If your mind just hit the gutter, give me a fist bump.) Today is Bella Swan's seventeenth birthday, she hasn't acknowledged it all day and now she's spending time after school tidying up the local library. She's been coming here to tidy and lock up for the last couple of years and she manages to earn some money whilst being surrounded by her most favourite thing; books. She isn't supposed to be working tonight but Mrs Cope didn't mind, she's always happy to finish early. Bella just found the thought of going home to an empty house a bit too depressing. Charlie is working a late shift, so he won't miss her cooking. He gave her his gift this morning and she loves her new iPad that him, Renee and Phil all bought between them. She's just doesn't feel like celebrating this year, again. Bella slots the last returned book back into its place and swipes at some hair that's worked its way loose from her ponytail. She checks her cart for any stow always and content that she's done her job, she pushes it back towards the desk. Just as she walks passed the adult romance novels she notices some out of place, so she walks over with purpose and starts to put them back. She smiles to herself because she knows who's left these particular books in a mess. The same woman comes in, as soon as her lunch break starts and is slowly working her way through the romance novels. Bella's often wondered why she doesn't just check them out. She blushes slightly as she eyes the cover of one, it's one of her ultimate favourites. She wouldn't ever admit to it to too many people, but she loves a good heated romance. She pushes up her glasses, that have fallen down her nose and carries on putting the books back in order. "Bella." The whispered voice makes her jump with fright before it quickly turns into embarrassment. The butterflies in her stomach beat their wings furiously as she recognises the deep voice and she peers through the books at Edward Cullen. His perfectly handsome face looks marked with anger and annoyance. She frowns at his expression. "Hey, Edward." "No one calls me that anymore. Jeez Bella." Bella hangs her head, his harsh tone sends sharp pains through her chest. She still feels honoured by his attention, despite the venom in his voice, which she feels utterly pathetic about. She offers a mumbled apology and lowers her wandering eyes. "Oh, sorry." "Fucking hell Bella, don't make me feel like shit. I've just come here to tell you that I know." She peers through the books at him again, his beautiful bright green eyes seem to sparkle in the light. She feels her cheeks flush and she nervously wrings her hands together, terrified about the direction this conversation is going. "What are you talking about?" "Come on, you know exactly what I'm talking about. It's been going on for a long time and it's got to stop." She's been dreaming about him acknowledging her for more than just a nod of his head for a long time but this isn't what she imagined. He may be the most popular guy in school, but to her he was just Edward. "I seriously have no idea what you are talking about, you've barely spoken to me for nearly two years." "You've got to stop this ridiculous crush that you have on me." His words cut her deeply and that ever present hole in her chest begins to ache. "What? I have no idea what you." She doesn't get to finish before his raised voice silences her. "Don't, just don't. Why do you think I stopped hanging out with you? It's embarrassing, everyone knows." Edward walks round the aisle and nervously glances around, his eyes searching every corner of the deserted library. He stops in front of Bella, his arms crossed against his chest. Bella lets her eyes wander over him, the old familiarity in every inch pulls at her emotions. She drinks him in, wishing that she could cross the small distance between them, because it almost feels like they are standing on different continents. The cold and angry stare that is focused on her, both hurts and confuses her. It never used to be this way, their fathers have been friends since school and always spend a lot of time together, as a result Bella and Edward grew up being very close. They were completely inseparable, until that day. The day when everything changed. After that day, which was simultaneously her most perfect and her utter worse, Edward stopped talking to her. He's a year older than her and she put it down to him getting a girlfriend and spending more time with his guy friends. She still mourns the loss of her best friend everyday and she can admit to loving him and she's pretty sure that she always has. "I don't understand what you want me to do Edward. I never speak to you anymore, not after you asked me not to, because of Jessica." "I've not been with Jessica for over a year, and I'm not talking about that." He reaches around her and roughly pulls off her backpack, his hands brush against her bare arms as he pulls the straps down. She seems stunned for a second, until she realises what's going on. She tries to stop him but he pushes her off. "What are you doing, get off!" She glares at him in defiance. He pulls the zipper apart and it breaks with the effort. Bella tries to snatch at it again but he holds her off with one of his hands. He's become really strong, his then lanky body has bulked up and she feels the, almost terrifying, strength in his not so gentle touch. She looks down at his large hand as it lays against her, just under her breasts. She relishes his touch for a moment. But the anger and embarrassment bubble up inside of her and she yanks at his hand, trying to pull him off of her. She can't even move him an inch, she's not even sure that he even feels her. He's got the bag dangling from his other hand, he keeps shaking it, peering inside for something. She beats her fists against his arm. She yells at him, letting that anger take precedence over her embarrassment. Her red cheeks are the only tell tale sign. "Give it back to me." He lets go of her and pulls out her diary. He stands and stares at it for a moment, looking at the doodles of his initials, covered in hearts. A satisfied look on his face as he holds it up for her to see. Bella feels the angry and embarrassed tears that streak down her face as she lunges at him. He holds her tightly against his body, in an attempt to stop her, but she doesn't stop. Bella carries on struggling against him, thumping her fists, half heartedly against his chest. "Stop it!" His shout echoes around the library. Bella is still determined to reclaim her diary and she carries on trying to grab it, he doesn't seem fazed as he holds it out of her reach, his other arm clamped firmly round her. He suddenly drops the book onto the backpack and grabs her shoulders roughly, his fingers grip tightly, imprisoning her. He shakes her and she's sure she feels her teeth rattle. "Stop it. Why won't you get it into your fucking head? I don't want you, I was happy with being friends until you tried to make it into something else. Fucking hell." Bella feels the sobs as they shake inside her chest. She feels her heart break all over again as she stares at his face through her tears, trying to commit every part to memory. She squeezes her eyes shut, his hard stare too intense for her. She thinks back to a happier time. "Edward!" She runs to him and flings herself into his arms, he laughs and holds her close. "I was only gone for three days, munchkin." Edward has been on a camping trip with his Dad as an extra treat for his sixteenth birthday. She's missed her best friend so much and he's missed her too. He places her back on her feet, before prodding her in her arm. "Catch me and you can have the present that I made you." He grins at her before turning and running off on his long legs. Bella laughs happily as she tries to catch him. He runs into the house and up the stairs and when she finally gets to her room, he's laying on her bed casually with his legs crossed. Her latest book is clutched in his hands. "What the hell is this Bells?" "You just cursed!" She pretends to be shocked and claps her hand over her mouth to hide her smile. "Shut up! But seriously, what is this?" He laughs and waves the book at her. Bella's cheeks redden under his quizzical stare, she shrugs her shoulders. "It's just a book." "Really Sherlock? Is that what it is? I thought it was a sandwich." He holds it like a sub, opens his mouth and pretends to try and bite it. She giggles and then plonks down next to his long body. She takes the book out of his hands and puts it on her side table. She picks up a CD and hands it to him instead. "Phil sent me a CD, it's a new band and they're great, you can borrow it if you like." "You are amazing, thanks. I need something new to listen to." "So how was camping?" She lays down next to him and he slides his arm under her and holds her close as he closes his eyes. "It was great but I didn't get much sleep. S'mores galore though, I think I put on a few pounds." He smiles and rubs his stomach with his other hand. She laughs and rubs his stomach too. "Oh yeah, you're more squidgy for sure." He pats her hand away in mock irritation, then grabs it back and stretches it around him. They lay together like this, like they have for years. Bella knows that recently it's felt different, but she likes it. She suddenly remembers his promise. "Where's my present?" "Ah." He shifts about against her and pulls out a little wooden carved mountain lion from his back pocket. "I made that myself." He grins at her as she strokes the smooth surface. "I love it." She smiles, before turning and hugging him. "What's your book about?" His question takes her by surprise and her cheeks heat up. She sits back up slowly. "It's a love story." "Really? Why are you reading stuff like that for?" He pretends to be