April 24, 2014 When I was 16 years old I was walking home from school when suddenly I was grabbed from behind and pulled into a van. The person tapped my mouth and tied my wrists and ankles together. Then the person on my left took out a needle and stuck into my left arm. The last thing I remember was being taken out of the van. When I wake up all I could see was darkens and I could feel something in my mouth meaning I was gagged and blindfolded. I tried to move but my arms and legs where still tied together the only difference was they were spread apart into an X. After a few minutes I heard the sound of a door open and close. Then the blindfold was removed and I blinked a few times to clear my vision but still I couldn't see that well without my glasses but I could make out that there were 2 man talking quietly After a few minutes they walked toward me "She is beautiful especially her eyes the master will be very pleased" The man on my right said "Yes he will" The man on left said It's been 3 weeks since I was kidnapped by Cassile Elnar who has been raping me since the first night I was kidnapped trying to get me pregnant. For the next few months Cassile would rape me another month has passed and about 2 weeks ago I found out I was pregnant. 6 months has passed and the pregnancy is going great the baby is growing. One night while I was trying to sleep but the baby kept kicking after a few minutes I deiced to get up and walk around the room. After about 30 minutes a bright white/blue light blinded me and it got harder to breath after a few seconds I passed out. Middle-Earth in Rivendell with Erestor and Elrond It is a beautiful day in Rivendell the sun was shining in the clear blue sky. Lord Elrond and Lord Erestor were talking quietly while they were walking around the garden. They turned a corner and suddenly they were blinded by a bright blue/white light they covered their eyes after a few seconds they heard a thud after the light faded they uncovered their eyes which widen when they saw a young woman in front of them. They looked at each other after a few minutes Erestor walked toward the young woman but stopped when she started to move. I blinked a few times to clear my vision and then the baby started to kick again sitting up slowly I looked around and gasped when I saw 2 men looking at me I got to my feet but a wave of dizziness came over me and I sat down. " Erestor go get some water" Elrond said Erestor frowned slightly but nodded his head "Yes my lord" Erestor said before he walked away. I frowned slightly not knowing what they were saying but it sounds familiar like I heard before but I can't remember. I started to rub my stomach trying to calm the baby who was kicking like crazy. After a few minutes the man came back with a cup he handed it to me. I looked inside to see water in it I took a drink. "Thank you, I'm Bridgette Hare" I said "I'm Lord Elrond and this is my chief advisor Erestor." Lord Elrond said Then I told them that I was 6 months pregnant and how I was raped by Cassile. "I'm sorry you had to go through that at such a young age" Erestor said I smiled slightly but it faded when the kicked again. "Is something wrong?" Elrond asked "No, the baby loves to kick. Here give me your hand" I said holding out my hand after a few seconds he gave me his hand and putt it on my stomach right where the baby was kicking. I smiled when Elrond's face lit up when the baby kicked his palm. "When are you do" Erestor asked "September 19 or at the end of the month" I said "Would you like feel the baby kick?" I asked "Umm…" Erestor said I laughed lightly as I took his hand and placed it on my stomach when the other foot was kicking. It's been 2 months since I found out I was in Middle-Earth and found out I was in Rivendell one of the last Elven kingdoms. I have met a lot of the elves that live in Rivendell as well as Lord Elrond's twin sons, daughter and foster son. Everyone is very nice and kind to me. Erestor is even teaching me how to speak elvish. Another month has passed and I have gone into labor right before the evening meal. There was a knock on my door "Come in" I said wincing as a contraction started. The door opened and Erestor walked into the room "What is wrong?" Erestor asked placing his hand on my shoulder. "My water broke…a few minutes ago" I said I laughed when Erestor's gave me a confused look. "It means the baby is coming" I said wincing as another contraction went through me. "Please sit down and I'll go get Lord Elrond" Erestor said before he ran out of the room. After a few minutes Erestor come back with Lord Elrond, Elladan, Elrohir, Estel and Arwen as well as a few other female elves come into the room. "If all of the men will leave the room please" Miraear said After all the men left the room Miraear closed the door. I was in labor for 12 hours before the baby was born. "It's a girl" Tathar said I smiled but it faded when I felt another contraction. "Wait there is another baby" Miraear said "What!" I said "Push Lady Haleth" Miraear said after a few more minutes the second baby was born. "It's a boy" Miraear said "You did great Lady Haleth" Arwen said smiling I smiled back before I passed out exhausted. After they cleaned the room then they walked over to the door and opened it. "Lady Haleth is resting now. She gave birth to twins a boy and girl" Miraear said A week has passed since I gave birth to twins I deiced to name them Phil and Rowen. They have grown a lot over the past week. I smiled as put the twins down for their nap. I quietly walked out of my room and headed toward the garden to relax. I sighed as I sat down on the grass next to one of the rivers that flows through the valley. After a few minutes I started to fall asleep. I blinked a few times but my eyes would not stay open and soon I fell asleep. I woke up an hour later feeling my shoulder being shaken lightly. I opened my eyes to see Estel smiling at me I smiled back. "You should not be sleeping out here you will get sick" Estel said I laughed lightly as I sat up "I know, was there something you needed?" I asked Estel scratched the back of his head for a few minutes before he spoke. "Well…I was wondering if you could tell me about your era?" Estel asked My smile brightened "Sure, what would you like to know there is a lot I can tell you" I asked "Hmm… how about you start with the history" Estel said for the next 2 hours I told Estel about the history from my era. Then I went back to my room to check on the twins who had just woken up when I opened my door. 4 years has passed and the twins have just turned 4 years old they have grown a lot over the 4 years. They have started their lessons with Lord Erestor and once their older they will learn how to fight. I'm even teaching them how to cook some of my favorite recipes from when I was younger. I deiced to make cinnamon buns to go with evening meal I walked toward the kitchen. "Hello Lady Haleth, is there something I can get you?" Mireth said I smiled at her "I was hoping I could make cinnamon buns to go with tonight's meal" I said Mireth laughed "Of course would you like some help" Mireth asked "Sure" I said for next few hours we made a lot of cinnamon buns ""You should go get changed the evening meal is about to start" Mireth said "Ok" I said placing the last of the cinnamon buns on the table so they can get the last of the icing on them. I walked back to my room and opened my door to see the twins there covered in mud. I shook my head "Come on let's get you cleaned up" I said leading them toward the bathroom. After I cleaned the twins up and helped them with their clothes it was time for the evening meal I quickly changed and took the twins hands before we walked out of my room. "How did you get full of mud?" I asked "We were playing outside when Phil tripped and pulled us both into a puddle of mud then we had a mud fight it was fun" Rowen said grinning just like her twin. I laughed "Sound's like you had fun today" I said as we walked into the dining hall where I saw a lot of different races there from Dwarves to blonde haired elves and few men from Gondor and 5 Hobbits. "Good evening Lady Haleth" Erestor said "Good evening Lord Erestor" I said "Hello Lord Restor" Phil and Rowen said at some time Erestor smiled "Hello Phil and Rowen how are you this evening" Erestor asked "We are good" Phil said and before Erestor could ask another question the Twins ran off to hug Estel who had just walked into the dining hall making him lose his balance when they both jumped up on him. I covered my mouth so I would not laugh but it came out. "If you'll excuse me Lord Erestor" I said before walked away to help Estel who was trying to get twins off of him but they would not move. "Phil and Rowen get off of Estel right now" I said frowning at them "Yes mother" They both said as they got off of Estel. "I'm sorry Estel" I said helping him up he smiled "It is alright they remind me of me when I was their age" Estel said as he ruffled their hair. We talked while we walked toward the table I helped Rowen with her chair while Estel helped Phil. As the night wear on I noticed the twins where off talking to one of the blonde elves with Estel. I smiled as I watched them laugh and talk. After an hour the desserts come out. Then the twins came back to the table. I laughed as they tried to get into their chairs but after a few seconds they sat down. "Yum mother made her cinnamon buns" Phil said as he took one and started to eat it. I smiled as I took one after a while I deiced to take the twins to bed. "Come on Phil Rowen it's time for bed" I said taking their hands "But mother we went to go to the hall of fire to hear more stories" they both said pouting I chuckled "How about I tell you a story from when I was younger" I said They both lit up tagging on my hands and leading me out of the dining hall and toward their room making me laugh. After I helped them with pjs and tucked them in before I told them a story. "Good night Phil" I said kissing him on the forehead "Good night Rowen" I said kissing her forehead "Good