Oh dear, it seems I've stumbled out of my fandom! Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games. No, I says in my head and it feel like a hundred thousand eyes is starin' straight through me. I feel like somebody put me in a glass box and people is lookin' at me like I'm somethin' they don't sees everyday when they walk by my house. They lookin' at me like I'm new to them, and I ain't. I ain't new. The lady up on the stage, dressed in fine clothes that I ain't never felt before, calls my name again and somebody gives me a shove in her direction. I walks just fine, normally, but my feet. My feet felt like they had been glued right to the ground and I can't walk. I can't move. Somebody pushes me again and my feet get unstuck. I take a tinny step forward, like I'm a little baby learnin' to walk for the first time. I keep my ears perked up, like somebody goin' come up and say somethin'. Maybe they gonna say, "I volunteer as tribute," or something nice and noble along them lines. But don't nobody come up to take my place. They stands there like they feet been glued to the ground like mines had been, and everybody lips been glued shut all o' a sudden. I'm this year's female tribute in the Hunger Games. When I was littler, I thought it was a eatin' contest and I thought that I could win. But when I turned twelve last year, my momma sat me down and explained it all. This ain't no eatin' contest, I remember how she said it, this be a killin' contest. Nobody ever really win. I don't know much about the Hunger Games, except it's been goin' on for forty somethin' years. I don't know anybody who's forty somethin', at least not personally. One of them Peacekeepers pushes me up on the stage next to the lady with the fine clothes and I smooths down my dress. Momma had washed it 'til her hands was raw and ironed it, 'cause it was the best dress I had. She made it herself. "Now for the male tribute!" The lady says and I think she talks right nicely, 'cause she rich. She probably got lots of books and tapes, and electronic things where she lives at. I look at the container she holds as she sticks her whole hand in it, moving it around. I wonder what she would do it I went and kicked that bowl out her hand. She pulls a piece of paper out and unfolds it right slowly, right calmly. "This year's male tribute is…Skylar Herriot!" She says like she knows him personally and like she's happy for him, and I wonder how she don't stain her teeth with all that lipstick she got smattered on. Skylar Herriot is older than me. I think he's seventeen, because he's tall and heavyset. He's got thick, straight black hair and them kind of blue eyes that makes you feel like he lookin' at all your deepest, darkest secrets. He pushes his way through the crowd, his jaw set and steps onto the stage to stand beside me. He stands over me, my head not even at his shoulder. I feel little next to him and I look up at him and he looks down at me. He nods once and says, "Good luck, kid," and that's the end of it. Two people come out onto the stage, both men. They were victors from our district in the earlier Hunger Games. I don't know how they won, but they did and now they're rich. They stay in nice houses and gets lots of food. I bet they got lots of books, too. Harrion Balantynin won the Hunger Games four years ago. He don't look that old, maybe about twenty-two. People used to whisper that he won from pure luck alone, that during his time as a tribute, all he did was steal and manipulate. He look like that type, too. Jachariah won twelve years ago. I don't know how he won, but he built like a oak tree, so I'm guessin' it won't from bein' sneaky. He and Harrion were goin' to be our mentors, to help us win. Or at least one of us, 'cause one big rule about the Hunger Games is that only one can win. That means that either me or Skylar is goin' to die. "I'm going to mentor this one," Harrion says and puts his hand on my shoulder. He leans down real close to my ear and he whispers, "Are you strong?" I shakes my head hard. "No," I says, "I ain't that strong." He straightens back up and pats my shoulder. "That's alright," he says, "I think we can work on that." That night, when everybody else is eatin' dinner at the table and probably talkin' about me and Skylar, I hug my momma. She cries and cries, 'cause I'm her only baby and she thought that I was lucky. I was her bright child, her light, and now I'm goin' to die. Somebody I don't even know is goin' to kill me. "Here," Momma says and walks into the back room of our little house. I follow her and I see that she's kneelin' down, pullin' up one of the floorboards. I sees that she's pulling out a strip of cloth and when she unravels it, she reveals it to be a rock. It's a stone that fits right into the palm of my hand and it's round and smooth, and cold. "It's goin' be your keepsake. Remember where you come from." "Yes, Momma," I says and I touches the stone with my finger. "What type of stone is it?" "It's Tiger's Eye. It'll protect you," she says, "if you let it. If you let it, it'll bring you home." She pulls me into her chest again and runs her hands down my hair, "I love you. You're going to come home," she says, "I know it." I can barely sleep that night and when I wakes up for real, it's because Peacekeepers are knockin' on the door. Behind them is Harrion Balantynin, who looks like he's got a lot to say, and the escort lady, lookin' clean and rich. I remember that I ain't ever comin' back again, not here, unless Momma's magic stone works. "We're leaving today," the escort lady says and I can't remember her name. "We're going to the Capitol! I hope you have everything you need." I got the clothes on my back and my momma's stone. I see Skylar and his mentor, Jachariah, and Harrion tells me that we're getting' on a train that goes straight to the Capitol. I reach into my pocket and hold Momma's stone. I don't want to get on no train. I ain't never been on a train. What if it breaks down and kills us all? Well, then there would be no tributes from our district. The train looks fancy, like somethin' rich, Capitol people would ride. The doors slide open by theyself and I see a big room with furniture and tables, and a huge window. It's like a house inside a train. "Have a seat," The escort lady says to us and gestures to the table that's across the room. I slide in the seat that is closest to the window, so I can turn around and look back, and Skylar sits down beside me. He hasn't said anything since yesterday, and I can't strike up a good conversation. Harrion and Jachariah sit down across from us. Both of them are silent for a while, lookin' at us. Finally, Jachariah says, "Only one of you can win." He looks at me and then he looks at Skylar. "Both of you are going to make our district proud, but only one will win. That is, if you aren't killed. There are slim odds of either of you winning, being where you're from, but we're going to ensure you have the best chances possible." "You two are going to be a team. Up until the time both of you die, you're going to work together." Harrion clears his throat, "Our tributes last year both died in the first two days because they didn't work together. But if you support each other, you have a fighting chance." "But what if we gets to be the last two alive?" I asks. "Only one of us can win. Do that mean one of us is gonna have to kill ourself?" Skylar glances at me. Harrion nods. "In the Capitol, people love dramatics. If the two of you are lucky enough to be the last two tributes alive in the arena, then you're going to have to play it up. If this does happen," he says, "who do you want to win?" "Skylar," I says. "Myself." He says. At least he was honest. I think I just said I was okay with dyin', at least if it was for a good cause. Jachariah snaps his fingers. "I'd die for you!" He shouts and we all look at him. "That's it," he says, "That's our theme. Friendship that knows no boundaries." He slams his hands down on the table, "The only way any of you are going to get far is if you make the people of the Capitol like you. They're going to sponsor your success." So people are goin' to pay for us to win. Harrion clears his throat. "I want you two to discuss this while Jachariah and I get things ready. We're going to be in the Capitol in only a few hours, and then you're going to meet your preparation teams. Everything you do from now on will be critical." Both he and Jachariah leave through a door and I look at Skylar. "Look," he says, "Just because I want to win doesn't mean I'm going to kill you the first chance I get. If we are the last two, we're going to be fair and honorable, alright. We're all going to be strong, but only the strongest win. If you turn out to be the strongest, then it was meant to be. It's natural, only the strongest win." It's natural. "I want you to win," I says. "I want you to win. I mean, I wants to win really bad, but in the end we all lose. If I was to win, I would regret killin' you or anybody else. And I ain't good at nothin'. I don't even know how you use a knife. Can you?" Skylar nods, "I can use a knife and I can throw it, too. I have good aim." He extends his hand and grabs my fingers, "If I do win, I'm going to honor you. You're too young for this. How old are you?' "Thirteen," I says. "We're all too young for this." It's evening time when we get to the Capitol. I know because it's bright and glowin', like a festival and it's the brightest, boldest thing I've ever seen. I see strange buildings as the train pulls up and I wonder how people sleep with lights so bright. When the train stops, I sees a lake on one side and a street on the other. I see people dressed in clothes that they can barely walk in and are bright enough to blind someone if they look too hard. I sees people with tails and even the animals are different colors. "Welcome to the Capitol!" The escort lady says- Harrion told me her name was Caraphina. "Your preparation teams are waiting for you the moment you get off the train. Please, watch your step!" Caraphina gets off first and then our mentors. Harrion grabs my hand and helps me onto the ramp that connects the train to the platform. Below the platform is the street,