First off, would be better if you read my first story, Who You Are, which has the same OC but takes place during the Fellowship of the Ring. Enjoy this one. xXx I felt my throat close quickly and I dry gagged for what seemed to be the sixth time that day. I wasn't sure what had brought on this onslaught, perhaps it was the smell of the Urak-hai that I was currently tied to the back to, maybe it was the lack of food for the past three days. Perhaps it was from the good amount of blood I had lost in the process of being dragged away from protection. Or it could be the fact that I had the sense that other than the two hobbits being carried next to me, the rest of our comrades were most likely dead. Our current group had not stopped running for days, and the few minutes my captor took to run smoother than usual I would shut my eyes and try to imagine I was back somewhere safe, like Rivendell. Sometimes if I was lucky my mind would shut down briefly and rest, and I could honestly see myself standing back on my balcony looking at the beauty around me. Of course when I would wake up I would realize it was a dream, yet I would still think about Rivendell and Elrond and mentally I would blame the elf king over and over again. Whenever Saruman was done with me and had me killed, I was going to haunt Elrond as long as he lived. I guessed by the landscape around me that we were in Rohan, and I briefly wondered how my life would have been different if my family and our group had made it to Rohan instead of the death and destruction I had learned to expect. I heard Pippin starting to call out for Merry, and I turned my head as much as I could without touching my nose to the Urak-hai carrying me, they really did make me just want to vomit. My eyes caught the hobbits, who were a little bit ahead of me. Merry was not responding to Pippin, he seemed to be completely out of it, the wound on his head surely not helping. I flinched as I glanced the wound again, remembering how he was trying to defend Pippin when he received that, which led to me attacking our captors and the leader I'm pretty sure had cracked a rib or two. My trouble breathing tipped me off to that one. Our company suddenly slowed down and stopped, and I craned my head as the three of us were carried closer to the front of the pack. Our group had been joined by a smaller group, but any more enemies when I had left my sword and bow back at the battle site was not a good thing. "You're late, our master grows impatient." The leader of the smaller group initiated the conversation, but I was too tired and worried about more damage to my body that I kept quiet and just watched the exchange break down. "Merry!" Pippin was still trying to wake up his friend, but Merry's head remained lolled back, his mouth hanging open. For one moment I wished I could join him in whatever oblivion illness and or pain had taken him to, I would rather be unconscious than awake for our current predicament. "My friend is sick! Please help!" Pippin started pleading with our captors, and I was startled to see that they actually turned to listen, but the unsettled feeling in the pit of my stomach as I watched the look they were giving the small hobbit. "He needs water!" Pippin continued as they circled around him. "Sick is he?" I already heard laughter rumbling throughout the orcs, and so I tried to maneuver myself enough to keep in sight of the hobbits. "Let's give him some medicine boys!" With that the orc started to pour a reddish brown liquid down his throat. Merry took it alright at first but then woke up and started gagging harder and harder against the liquid. "Stop it! Leave him alone!" Pippin started shouting again in Merry's defense, but the orcs just laughed at Merry's inability to take the "draught" and threatened Pippin with some if he wasn't quiet. I would like to look back and think that I had done the right thing, that I had fought for the little hobbits, provide them a little security or faith of good in the world, but instead I merely watched the events unfold, the knowledge that there was no hope weighing hard on me. As the two orc groups went back to talking, Merry came to and looked between Pippin and myself. "Merry are you alright?" Pippin asked. "Hello Pip." Merry was clearly still not completely with us. It warmed my heart slightly to see the two companions talking back and forth, and even with his large injury, Merry was still trying to keep Pippin calm and protect him. He spun a quick tale of how this was all an act and how he was fine, just a superb actor to have fooled Pippin as well. Once all was said Merry drifted off again, and I worried about if Merry would indeed make it to Isengard if there was not a break for sleep soon. I turned my attention back to the front of the group where there was now loud growling sounds coming from our leaders and scouts. I found myself praying it was not more orcs coming to join our company, at least the ones that had attacked us I knew I could trust to do us no harm until we reached Isengard. I found myself almost wishing they would do us harm, save us for the fate that was in our futures. Our leader focused in on one of our larger scouts. "What is it? What do you smell?" I started counting off the things I would rather have to deal with than more orcs. "Man-flesh." The scout responded. Well if I had been standing up you could have knocked me over with a light breeze at the moment. Were there possibly men around who could fight and save us from our fate. "Aragorn!" Pippin nodded toward me, and I startled him with my own startled look. Could he possibly be right? I hadn't even considered this option, but the hope in Pippin's voice had me possibly feeling hope again. I heard the leaders up front shout that someone had picked up our trail. My God, they were alive, Aragorn and Legolas and Gimli had survived, of course this would have been after, I'm sure, they had properly sent off- No, I wasn't going to think of that, I wasn't going to deal with those last images of the man I had cared for so deeply. Pippin reached with his teeth and pulled off the elven clasp from his cloak and spit it on the ground. I craned my head enough to watch it hit before being trampled into the grass by our followers as our company took off at a quick sprint again. xXx We had been running for days, and I was ready to pass out as soon as I found a surface that wasn't moving. The only good thing that had appeared out of the long trek was that Merry had miraculously gotten slightly better, and by that I meant he was managing to stay awake most of the time now. I had just managed to nod off against my carrier captor, the smell no longer bothered me I was so used to it, when I was woken by being thrown onto the hard cold ground. My eyes shot open and I sat up, trying to take in my surroundings. Our captors seemed to be ignoring us for now, Merry and Pippin lay next to me discussing something about trees. I stood up, thinking to myself that if they wanted to kill me they would have done it already, and so I started maneuvering myself amongst the orcs. It seemed they had stopped to take a break, which I had to say I was thanking them for, but now I desperately needed to find food and water for the hobbits and myself. As I stumbled through the group, my hands still tied, I came upon the leader of the group that had been with us for the whole time, and I decided to try my chances with him. "We need food and water." I stood beside him as he was sharpening his weapon, and I briefly thought about whether or not this was truly a good idea. He grunted at me but did not look my way. "This is not a silly request, we will die soon without food or water, and I don't mean maggot filled bread and whatever that draught was." He growled and stood up and I forgot how much he towered over me. "You will take what we give you, or you will just die!" He turned to walk away but I wasn't done with him yet. "Saruman would not like it much if we appeared in his presence dead." The Uruk-hai turned back to face me, and got so close I could feel his breath against my cheeks. He held up a piece of said bread to my face. "I'm starving," he said, crushing the bread in front of my face. "We ain't had nothing but maggoty bread for three stinking days." "Well that's not my fault, now is it?" I breathed back at him. Unfortunately his statement had caught the attention of the group around us and now everyone was complaining. The loudest voice was a nasally sounding orc who I had hated since the start. He spoke up about wanting meat, and while others agreed with him I saw his eyes trail until they landed on Merry and Pippin, and he commented on the hobbits freshness. The leader pushed me to the side and I landed with an oof on the ground. I pushed myself back a little bit, bound to get to the outside of the ring we had formed so I could get to Merry and Pippin quicker and hopefully without being seen too easily. Luckily while I was pushing myself back I saw the lead Uruk-hai coming to the hobbit's defense, and I knew what I said was true, we were not to be harmed or too badly treated, by orders of Saruman. I wasn't sure how, but somehow during my maneuvering the circle had shifted, so I found myself back by Merry and Pippin, who were actually close to the outside of the circle. I must have missed some insane words because one minute I had slid up next to Merry and Pippin who looked terrified, to suddenly having an orc's head fall from the sky and fall between my legs and his body fell down by my feet. I was at least pleased to see it was nasal voice orc. The leader made a joke about how meat was back on the menu, and that's when all hell broke loose. The group attacked the orcs body, and I was about to roll away when I saw a loose sword lying on the ground. I risked my limbs and stuck my leg in, but I was rewarded when I felt the sword drag out with my foot. I grasped it in my hands and started rolling til I was on the outside again. Luckily the group had been too busy with the food to notice by quick escape. I sat on the grass as I held the sword between my legs against the ground and ran the bindings against the blade until the ropes snapped. I sighed with relief as blood rushed back into my hands, but the feeling was short lived as