Learning to Love Chapter 1: Farewells Okay first and foremost, I do not own Lord of the Rings story or any of the characters, that all goes to the perspective owners. However my own adaptations such as OC/her family/homeland/and background are mine and mine alone. Secondly I did not read any of the LOTR books and am basing a lot of info off of web reading and the movies (I have a short attention span okay? I tried several times to read them) Thirdly I know Tauriel does not make an appearance in LOTR because she never existed, I put her in this story because I needed Legolas to confide in someone (other than Aragon –at the moment-), and I feel that Thranduil isn't the chatty kind of guy despite being Legolas's father. The story takes place just before LOTR settings and spans throughout the war time and afterwards. LASTLY, this is a love story and if it's not something you are into or are not looking for in a story do no read. I will not change the plot. It's about two people leaping boundries and differences to find love where it seemingly did not exsist. It is a slow (not super slow or anything) build up romance story. My OC does not tag along with the fellowship. With that in mind I hope you enjoy the story. Feedback is GREATLY appreciated and wanted. There had been much aversion to her arranged marriage. She disliked the idea of being part of a political barter. However, at twenty-one and the only daughter of her father, an Emperor from a neighboring land of Middle Earth, she could not afford to disobey her father's wishes. No sooner had her engagement been announced had her father placed her abroad one of his magnificent vessels and she was sent sailing away to meet her betrothed. All she knew was that he was a prince. Her father had not explained much more other than that her marriage would open up a new world of trade and possible alliance. "Silks for the mothers, jewels for the daughters. The price: destiny of unknown solitude." The princess murmured as the far away land became a speck on the horizon. Being told that all would be provided for her from her husband's family, Hama, the young bride's handmaid since her birth had been forbidden to journey with her, much to the girl's despair. Hama was like her second mother, best friend, teacher, and her greatest confidant. Not having her in the midst of a foreign land was so agonizing that the princess found herself weeping regularly. But she did her best to stay strong and conceal her truest feelings. She was determined to stay positive, Hama would want her to. The sun was just brushing over Middle Earth and the elves who had traveled a great distance to the shorelines waited for the anticipated Princess Kahea, daughter of Emperor Paz from the land of Opren. Among the elves was the regal King Thranduil and his son, Legolas. There was a serene silence over the fair folk when the king glanced at his resigned son. "Do not brood so." The King said, his face set in beautiful stone. "The thing about humans, they do not live long." Legolas cast his father an exasperated look, his mouth thinning. "I brood because you insist in choosing my future for me, not because she is human." The King had seemingly not heard Legolas, (much to the prince's irritation) as he turned gracefully to stride towards the towering ship of red and gold. From here, Legolas could see a figure, garnished in a strange gown of vibrant pink, gold, and splashes of turquoise. Her hair, as dark as night, was adorned with a gold headdress that held a shawl in place. The shawl was long, cascading to the floor but was by no means heavy, instead was as light as air. Her eyes, lined in a black substance which she quickly explained was kohl, a thing women of her homeland wore made her eyes enchanting, exotic even. Her lips were stained red like cherries, Something Legolas had never seen before. He could see that the girl was indeed beautiful but frowned at how young she was. To him, she appeared to have just reached adulthood. Princess Kahea was astounded to discover that her husband to be was not a human, but an elf! Granted they were a far cry to the ones whom resided in the mountains of Opren she felt a tinge of anger towards her father. Had he disliked her so much to marry her off to one who was not even human? She prayed to Genshi that they were not as ruthless and barbaric as the Mountain Elves. They at least, were nowhere near as ugly. These elves were beautiful. Her fiancé especially was nice to look at. King Thranduil who was indifferent to the girl's astonishment motioned to his son. "I present to you my heir and only son, Legolas, your betrothed." Kahea's head was swimming, her legs as heavy as lead. Slowly she brought herself to a bow. "I am honored to meet you your highness." The politeness was strained, not out of hate but fear. Reality had truly set in and she was not sure of the customs practiced here, and was very afraid to offend. Legolas tilted his head, greeting her in the elven way but not uttering much to her after that. He could sense the urgency in her nerves, the panic wafting off her flower scented skin, her displeasure at him being an elf. He thought that perhaps it was best to let her be. Kahea was lead to the shore where she saw a strange but magnificent beast. She wasn't sure how to describe it, the head was narrow with small perched ears that had soft looking hair flowing down it's powerful neck. She cocked her head to the side staring at it with wonder. "Have you not seen a horse before?" Thranduil asked, his voice tinged with sarcasm and was taken aback when the princess shook her head. "No. We do not have horses in Opren." Thranduil raised his brows, vivd blue eyes looking amused. "Oh? How peculiar. What do you do have?" Kahea motioned with her hands, towering it above herself as high as she could. "Jungle cats. They are very big and fierce creatures, the fastest in all the land. We ride them leisurely as well as to war—" Thranduil had already turned away. Kahea wasn't sure if she liked her father-in-law much. In fact she wasn't sure she liked her fiancé much either. As beautiful as he was she found that he was disinterested in her and was mounted on his horse, ready to leave. 'Genshi guide me.' She thought solemnly as she was helped upon the grey horse. After the week long journey Kahea felt she could exhale and feel at ease. It had not been an enjoyable journey mostly due to how lonely she was. A few times she had wanted to speak to Legolas, to learn more about him, but was afraid to go near him. His eyes were a sharp vivid crystal blue, that she felt could pierce her soul and made his angular face more intimidating. When he looked at her it was a hard stare. Kahea wasn't sure he liked her at all and kept to herself most of the journey. She was excited when a guard explained to her that her King's dominion resided in a forest and anticipated the arrival happily, but once they came to the outskirts of Mirkwood, her spirit dampened. It was an ancient and evil feeling forest, even with the elves magic she felt as if she were not safe. The guards were on edge, their sharp almond shaped eyes scanning the gnarled trees for a possible threat. Now, as she sat alone in her chambers Kahea felt comfortable enough to allow her true emotions to break free of confinement, crying as she sprawled on the floor. She missed her homeland, the blooming flowers of vast color, size, and shape, the tiny monkeys that played in her window in the early morning, the gleaming pools of crisp water, and her family especially. She missed her brothers and their constant competitive nature, and all of their wives and children, she missed Kati and the way she would brush her hair and the two would chat all night with Hama, a pang of sadness struck Kahea. Hama, she missed her so much. Kahea felt empty without the quirky old woman. Kahea wanted to miss her father, but truth be told she knew very little of him. He had never been unkind or cruel to her, simply not very present with little to no interaction when it came to Kahea. While he had never said so, Kahea suspected it was because Sari, (her biological mother) died giving birth. Perhaps seeing Kahea pained the old king, reminding him of his beloved but lost wife. Even though Kati explained otherwise. There was a small tap at the door, bringing Kahea out of her thoughts and as she looked up from the floor an elven maid came in, startled at Kahea's state. "M'lady, are you all right?" She asked her voice like a chorus of bells. Kahea rubbed foolishly at her face, smudging the kohl around her eyes. "I am fine." She clipped, trying to be presentable. "What do you need?" The maid could take a hint, proceeding with caution. "King Thraduil has asked me to prepare you for your wedding." Kahea resisted the urge to sigh. Did the elves not have long days of celebration before the wedding? Or did that come after? She wasn't sure and didn't feel like asking. Instead she nodded numbly, motioning the maids in. Legolas strummed his fingers, from the balcony he could see Kahea being accompanied by the maids. She wore a flowing gown of elven fashion and looked very beautiful. Many times he wished to approach her during their travels but found that every time he looked at her she turned away. Did his being an elf displease her so much? Did they have elves where she was from? He wished to be able to look at her more often to become used to her beauty, so he could break the uncanny habit of staring. He realized he was staring so hard that it was probably the reason she was afraid of him. As Kahea got closer she felt her face heat up, he was very handsome dressed in his tunic and breeches, his head was adorned with what looked like a crown. She felt naked without her eyes rimmed with kohl or her veil, and was afraid she'd trip over the dress. Standing in front of Legolas she blushed, heart hammering in her chest. Other than having children this was the biggest moment of her life and had always imagined what her wedding would be like. She fidgeted nervously, her small hands in his sweating, making her embarrassed even more. She resisted the urge to pull away and wipe them. Legolas liked Kahea without her 'makeup', she was much more beautiful that way. He enjoyed the pinkness of her lips where he could truly appreciate the fullness of them. And her eyes he discovered, were a warm and soft brown, something he did not realize before. The kohl had made them harder and more rigid. He wondered if it would be appropriate to ask her to wear it less often. She reminded Legolas of a flower, not just because she smelled like one but because she was as delicate looking as one. She shifted underneath him, she was nervous. He wanted to settle her uneasiness. He opened his mouth to speak, but of course that was when the ceremony would start and the Prince was forced to bite back his words and hide his agitation.