Disclaimer: I do not own any characters, objects, words, or anything else that comes from J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series as well as anything from the Star Wars franchise now owned by Disney. Warning: This story will contain scenes of violence, bad language, and maybe other themes that some audiences may find unsuitable. You have been advised. 'Mind Link Language' "Regular Language" "Communication Through the Mind, Communicator, or Parseltongue/Draconian" ' Thought or Spell' The Grey Army "Tonight, the Grey Assassins must die. It is a new age and we must shed not just our new ways but also our names. Tonight, everything changes. We become not just shadows creeping in the night, but actually be full-fledged warriors who do not have to hide. This is now our time to strike and we will. No longer are we just Assassins; we are now more. Our Assassin past, including how it defines us, will always be a part of us, but it is no longer adequate enough to completely be us as far as our occupation goes. We fight in the day, the night, and everything in between. We fight not just in the mist, fog, shade, tempests, hurricanes, tornadoes, snow, sleet, hail, and torrential downpours. We fight in broad daylight now and let others see us. We are no longer inhibited by our secrecy, but we are now freed with our openness. No longer are we the Grey Assassins! That incarnation of the Order will die once the first bit of blood is drawn, once the first sword falls from us, once we kill our first of many tonight! Do not fall; give it your all! Give your all not for me, not for our cause, but for yourselves! Fight until you are no longer able and still push onward! Do not even let yourself stop fighting as you die! As you fall on the ground, already growing cold, kill at least another! Take one last soldier with you! It is only right for our power, our strength! Give yourself that rare satisfaction and prove yourself to yourself! Prove your name! Our name is no longer the Grey Assassins! We are no longer Grey Assassins! We are the Grey Army of the Grey Order! We are the Grey Warriors!" -Chapter Twenty-Four, The Grey Assassins Chapter One Harry's sword carried through its path, decapitating the man and ending centuries of tradition amongst not just the Grey Order but also any believer in grey magic. The man's body fell flat to the ground, spurting blood from the broken neck. After disembodying the head from the body, Harry kept up the sword's momentum and spun around before slicing the three closest aurors to him. Another managed to raise his wand at him, but Harry used the killing curse on him, sending the spell from his stump of a hand. So the battle raged on. The group of teenagers turned warriors continued with their dance of death, summoning the elements, casting magic, and using weapons upon their foe. Soon, the aurors began to retreat from the small but devastating attack while their brethren began trying to assault the castle from other sides. More were dispersed into the Dark Forest, but none would ever manage to make it through. Some could be seen trying to cross the quidditch pitch and some others were either crossing the lake or flying by broomstick towards the castle. The defenses installed in the castle, however, sniped the flying aurors off of their brooms or forced the brooms to crash, dropping them from varying high altitudes, guaranteeing their deaths as well. The sniper teams, meanwhile, had eliminated those crossing the quidditch pitch. Those who faced the most horrific deaths by taking alternative routes to Hogwarts were sailing the Black Lake. While they had been facing snipers and soldiers shooting them down in their boats, they were making quite a bit of progress. Suddenly, however, Deus and Basiliscum both propelled out of the water, crushing or eating many of the aurors before submerging once more. After reemerging and sinking twice more, though, they disappeared, heading for the main auror force. "Oh, thank Merlin." One of the many surviving aurors sighed. Many boats still were sailing for the castle. Just as the survivors regained hope, though, huge tentacles emerged out of the water and began dragging boats filled with aurors into the depths of the lake. When the Giant Squid's assault was over, only driftwood remained atop the surface, the only evidence of the aurors' attempt at the ancient castle. The aurors seemed convinced that an air assault would lead to triumph over the occupiers of the castle if they attacked in greater numbers. Due to this thinking, swarms of aurors began attacking on broomsticks. The snipers began joining the castle's automated defenses in attacking the attackers. Despite this gain in numbers focused on the enemy, however, Rex, Regina, Jericho, and Acquilina were required in combating them as well. The Gryffindor and Ravenclaw familiars descended from above the clouds forcing the aurors to descend, but the two dragons in turn trapped them by rising from below the swarm. Between the four was a sarcophagus of death; brooms turned into splinters, fiery crisps, or frozen sticks. The aurors fared no better as they too were transformed much like their brooms were or, for a minority of them, were knocked off their brooms to their deaths. The two basilisks joined by Meles had begun tearing apart the aurors ranks as well, fueling the overall terror and chaos of the battle. Even centaurs had begun pouring out of the Dark Forest with soldiers amongst them, and at the same time the soldiers defending the main entrance of the castle began going on the offensive, charging and joining the fray. Meanwhile, however, the heart of the battle was still centered with the Grey Warriors. They still were performing their intricate exchange of moves defending and saving one another with the entire goal of eliminating their enemy. They were not holding back much either, using their shadow and apparation abilities with ease amongst their other moves as if the entire fight was rehearsed until remembered by heart. While one killed an auror, another Warrior was in place to save him or her by killing another Ministry member. Every Warrior's hands were adorned with their favorite weapons, and each weapon showed the evolution of weaponry as well as its cultural differences, as arms from every era and every part of the world could be seen in the hands of the Orderians, who each preferred a different set of weapons. Finally, the constant pressure and failures on the Ministry's side broke the aurors' will and forced them to retreat. Fudge had already been evacuated shortly after the Grey Warriors appeared. Now, however, there was a mass panic as the aurors literally ran away. Many were still cut down as they fled by the castle's defenses, but the actual living beings defending the castle paused and watched as the enemy fled. As the last aurors passed through the gate, one looked back at the carnage and piles of corpses with a look of horror before trying to apparate. Instead of apparation, however, death and a 7.62 x 54mmR greeted him out of Harry's Mosin Nagant. Harry absorbed the rifle into his ring and activated his gauntlet's communication feature. " Hogwarts is secured. I repeat: Hogwarts has been secured!" All over the world and especially at the olden castle, cheers rose from the Order and its allies. Some couldn't contain their excitement and joy and quickly quieted themselves for fear of being caught while others forwent their stoic appearances and celebrated. " Harry, support troops should be arriving any minute." Victor informed over the communicator. " Thank you. We will begin reinforcing our position here as well. Everyone I would recommend doing the same. As of tonight, The Grey Army has risen and is at war with magical England." Harry couldn't help but let a cocky joy seep into his voice. Encouragement resounded back at his words. " Grey Alpha One, out." Looking up from his gauntlet, Harry saw his comrades and allies starting to clean up the dead bodies scattered around the castle by pushing them into huge boxes that would later be sent out. "Seamus! Twins!" The teenager turned man called. "Sir?" The three asked after apparating right in front of him. "Stock up our munitions and check our defenses. I want this base to continue to grow in might. Who knows when the Ministry will try another assault." "No counterattack for tonight?" Seamus asked. "I'm afraid not. I'd rather have us be set up for success rather than rush it. Now, get to work. We will celebrate over breakfast later." The three grinned and nodded before disappearing into the darkness of the night. " Hannah?" "What do you need?" The former Hufflepuff asked. "I need you to round up some healers and try to help the injured on our side." "Of course. I'd be happy to." Hannah left without another word. Shaking his head at the affectivity of his troops, Harry ensured that quarters were made for the Americans that would be stationed at the castle and asked for a report on the casualties from both sides of the battle while also attending to other requirements created after a battle. Among these were resetting the defenses, healing the wounded, rounding up the dead, repairing any structural then cosmetic damage, and strengthening their fortifications. According to Neville, the Orderians, centaurs, soldiers, and house elves had suffered no deaths with only minimal injuries that only required bandages. After returning from wrapping those who were hurt, Hannah came up to Harry expectantly. "Hannah, there's no time. I still have much to do, and…" Harry drifted off as Daphne appeared and glared him down into a wooden chair she created behind him. The former Hufflepuff reached out her left hand and Harry gave her his right arm. Hannah then pulled out her right wand and began casting a silent spell all around the stump, green and yellow streaks streaming down out of her wand. Finally she pushed the glowing tip onto the tip, sending out a final burst of twinkling lime in a vertical circle where the wand and limb met. Quickly, Hannah withdrew the wand and watched the spell take effect. The fake hand burst off, as the skin that had been cauterized broke free and began growing into a hand. It lay suspended in the air for a second, looking like a deflated balloon but shaped like a hand. Then the bones grew in, providing some structure until the muscle filled in, then the nerves, and finally the nails. Harry stretched the new hand and his eyebrows furrowed. Hannah saw this look and explained, "It will never be like the old one completely. It's a bit weaker than before but will get back to as great as your left one, and your brain will never fully recognize this hand as its hand. You have full control, but mentally, you will become left-handed probably. I'd suggest getting used to using your left more than your right." Harry nodded solemnly while Daphne frowned at the news. "Okay. I will. Thank you, Hannah." Harry started to get up and gloved his new right hand. Daphne banished the chair, and Hannah merely nodded as well and left, going to report in at the Great Hall. The couple exchanged a sad look before kissing and walking their separate ways. Daphne went to get an ETA on the arrival of the reinforcements while Harry helped move some of the large boxes filled with the deceased into the hangars. "Sir, what are we doing with them?" A corporal asked. "We will return them back to their side." Harry began walking away before pausing and answering the question. "Why, sir? There's barely anything left. Besides, would they give us that honor?" Harry turned around and glared at the man.