This is a story purely for personal enjoyment. I own nothing but Danielle Barr, the character I'm introducing. I am making no money from this adventure in writing. Awakening Danielle sighed heavily as she finished saving the template. Glancing at the time at the bottom right of her screen, irritation flashed through her. She'd been held up 45 minutes past her scheduled shift on her last customer service call. At least I'll get paid overtime for this, she thought glumly. Quickly saving her work and logging off the computer, she stood up and gathered her purse and coat. Her desk was locked and everything that needed to be filed had been. May was just beginning and it was unusually cold outside. It didn't bode well for the planned camping trip with her parents. Leaving the building, she waved to Robert, the elderly security guard on shift. He gave her a toothy grin and waved back. He was a sweet man, always greeting her with a huge smile. The drive home was uneventful, only a small accident delaying her. Danielle carefully walked up the steps to her apartment. She couldn't afford to slip on the ice again. She couldn't afford to be out of work for a week to heal. She was still getting muscle aches from her fall last year and she still hadn't lost the weight the doctor had demanded from then. Unlocking the door to her apartment, she grinned at the smell of chili cooking in the crock pot. Danielle dumped her purse and coat on the couch before breezing over to the source of the smell. A quick assessment told her that the meal was more than ready. Turning the dial to the warm setting, she walked over to the bathroom and peeled off her clothes to take a shower. Stepping under the hot spray, she enjoyed the feeling of the tea tree shampoo and conditioner she so loved. Her hair was a light brown, now nearly black from the water. It reached just below her shoulder blades. She was trying so hard to grow it out but having thick, curly hair was always a challenge to take care of. She squeezed a generous amount of her conditioner into her hand and worked it into her hair before using her hairbrush to work out any tangles that had developed over the day. The second round of conditioning always made her hair extremely soft. Her eyes were hazel or brown, depending on the light and her mood. She had a slightly upturned nose and pale, full lips that were only slightly more rosy than her pale cheeks. Once the last of the conditioner had been rinsed from her hair, she turned off the water and toweled off. She glared at the scale that mocked her from its place next to the counter as she picked up the dirty clothes and tossed them in the hamper. It was an evil glass thing that had told her that she was still 237 lbs. She could hardly believe that she hadn't made any progress. For the last three months, she'd been going to the gym and had been building up her stamina on the treadmill and had been doing weight training. She'd been going slowly to start. She'd lost 15 lbs in the first couple of months and then nothing. Her trainer said she'd just built muscle but she wasn't sure that was the case. Dressing in her favorite sweats, she served up a bowl of the chili. It was made to be heart healthy and for her weight management. It was made with turkey instead of beef. There were lots of fresh bell peppers and onions. She carefully measured the number of crackers and the amount of cheese that she placed on her serving. Measuring cups and spoons were abundant in her kitchen. Everything was precisely measured out. She was dedicated to losing weight. She wanted to lose at least 60 lbs. Her doctor had recommended 100 lbs. It made sense for her 5'4" frame. The meal was delicious and though she wanted seconds, she took a deep breath and dished out the rest of the pot into pre-portioned meals for the next week. She didn't put them into the fridge, opting to keep the meal as fresh as possible by placing it into the freezer. She'd defrost a couple of them when she got back from the camping trip. Danielle felt the eagerness she always felt when going camping rise up inside. This was a longer weekend than usual for her office. Because there was some kind of event for the company going on, they were getting Monday and Tuesday off, too. The plan was that she'd meet her parents at a favored camping ground and they'd spend the weekend reconnecting with nature. She had been ready to go since Tuesday. Thank god it was Friday. Danielle took inventory of her supplies one more time. She had her solar phone charger and phone in the waterproof plastic baggy, three changes of clothes that included three pairs of jeans, two tank tops, a pair of shorts and sleeping pants and two t-shirts. She had extra panties and bras. There were several granola bars and about a dozen packages of ramen. A flint and knife, a lighter, a tin cup and two water bottles were also in the bag. There was a small pot for boiling water and a small grill to suspend it over a fire. There was a brand-new sleeping bag and extra blanket that she secured to the top of the pack where she hid her socks, all four pairs. Checking the rest of her supplies, she felt satisfied that she was prepared. Her parents would be meeting her on Saturday but she was going out tonight to get to the camp grounds and find a good spot. Grabbing her significantly thicker wilderness coat, she put on a pair of thick socks and boots. The tent was already in her trunk. It didn't take her long to load up the car and drive out to the location. The sun was setting by the time she reached the campgrounds and it was empty. Apparently, no one else wanted to be out in the cold. Danielle didn't mind. She liked the challenge. Her hike to the location they would use took her about thirty minutes. She had just finished setting up the tent in the light of her small lantern when it began to rain. Cursing her bad luck, she shoved her pack into the tent and began to unfurl her sleeping bag. It would be a colder night than she had anticipated but since she was wearing her sweats, she had confidence that she'd be okay. Settling in for the night, she fell asleep faster than she expected to. When she woke to the sounds of rain and the skies darker than she would have liked, Danielle groaned. The weather forecast had been wrong again. It was supposed to be sunny and warming up to a balmy 57 degrees, not raining and cold. Glad for having a weather resistant coat, she slipped it on and ran to the spot she'd designated the night before as her latrine. She did her business quickly and then returned to the tent with a shiver. Her boots squished in the muddy ground. It was going to get too wet to stay at this location. I'll go to the spot that's a little further in. I'll leave them a note on the tree, she thought as she began to change into the jeans and t-shirt before packing up her stuff. She hadn't pulled too much out just yet, so there wasn't much to do aside from packing up the tent and her sleeping bag. Water began to pour into the tent after a few moments. The rain was coming down in torrents and Danielle began to realize that this camping trip had been a very bad idea. Freak storm, she thought. That's what this must have been. She'd checked the weather multiple times before leaving home. There was no other explanation. Quickly snatching her blanket off the ground and shoving it in her pack, she bemoaned the soaking wet sleeping bag. Camping trip's postponed, she thought glumly as she dismantled the tent and emptied it of water. She sloshed to her car with the soaking gear. The water was already to her knees. She had carried the sopping sleeping bag under one arm and the tent in the other. They went into the trunk of her car with a resounding wet slap of fabric on fabric. Danielle had just turned to remove her pack when a strong torrent of water knocked her off her feet. She yelped as her arm hit the side of her blue 2005 Chevy Malibu and the current dragged her away from the car. She watched in a strange sort of horror as the car disappeared from her view. Vaguely, she realized that the river a mile to the east must have flooded from the rain. She flopped against trees and rocks as she was carried away by the deepening waters. Danielle knew that she was likely being swept out to another river nearby, one that was much more unforgiving than the one that had flooded. The Ardent was known for the sharp rocks and swirling rapids. She wouldn't stand a chance. Desperation filled the 26 year old as she pulled at the clips and clasps that held her pack to her body. It was already dragging her down below the surface of the water. A cry of pain escaped her lips as she hit a tree branch and felt it snap under her weight, the jagged edges creating a gash on her shoulder that bled into the water. Ahead, as her grip slipped on the clasps and clips, she could hear the mighty roar of the Ardent getting closer. Deciding that she would have to take her chances with the pack, she abandoned her attempts at dislodging it from her body and began to grasp at trees and rocks. She was so concentrated on grabbing one particular branch that was about to pass her by that she completely missed the one behind it and hit it with enough force to push all the air from her lungs. Tumbling in the water, she didn't have time to right herself before her head struck a thicker branch and her world went dark. 0o0o0o0 She was shivering from the cold and her clothes were soaked. That was the first thing she noticed when she woke up. The next thing was when she moved to sit up, her head ached and she was hit with a wave of nausea. Without a thought, she leaned to her side and threw up. Water, brown and horrible tasting, bubbled out of her body like a geyser. It took a little while, her body rejecting tons of the disgusting fluid every few minutes like Old Faithful before she felt like she could move without feeling sick. Her head still ached terribly. Placing a hand on her temple, she winced when she pulled it back and saw warm, sticky blood on her palm. As she tried to sit up she felt the weight of her pack drag her back a little. Snapping off the clasps, she released her burden and groaned. Standing up was a chore because there were dozens of bruises on her legs that she could feel having already formed or were still blooming beneath her jeans. Shrugging off her coat, she examined the skin on her shoulder where the tree branch had cut her. There was a hole in the left shoulder of her coat and the jagged wound on her arm looked superficial but was still painful. Danielle clenched her teeth as she pulled the coat off completely and looked around. She was on the bank of a river that was flowing much more