Hey guys, welcome to the party~ Now, before we start, fret not, Consuming Shadows is still at the forefront of my mind, and there is absolutely no way I'll be putting that on hold for now. This is just a little something that's been creeping into my mind for the past month or so, and I just had to get the blasted thing out. So, as the summary states, this is a time travel story (I'm a sucker for these things, and figured I might as well try my hand at it haha), as well as a body swap. I'll be honest, I've never particularly liked body swap stories purely because I haven't really found any seriously written ones/ones with intriguing plots. But oh my lord, recently I stumbled across an AMAZING webcomic by Haribo called "At the End of the Road" - and guys, I can't praise it enough. It has completely destroyed my soul. The characters, the plot, just everything makes me melt. If you haven't read it, I highly recommend :) This story does take some inspiration from that webcomic, because it is awesome and all throughout reading it was I was like "It is Harry, and it is Tom, my god, I need to do a thing" and ideas just exploded in my head. So bless Haribo for giving us that gem. Thanks to everyone who's giving this a read (defs check out that webcomic), and let's give this a go. WARNING: The beginning of this chapter deals with the aftermath of the rape of a minor, and the attempted suicide of the same minor. If that bothers anyone, please, please, please, either don't read, or skip the italised section in the beginning. They left, one by one, cruel laughter echoing back to him as they returned to the main alley just a few metres away from where he lay. No one had come when he had screamed, when he had cried and pleaded. No one had cared. Here, in the bowel of darkness, everyone minded their own business. He stayed where he had been thrown, body trembling more from the cold night air that was seeping into him than from how violated he felt. He had stopped reacting to this torture. He just…did not care anymore. It was better that way, to just block it all out. His clothes were torn open, and he could still feel the ghosts of their hands running along his chest, over his neck, down his thighs – nothing more than mocking caresses until they turned harsh and bruising. Their horrible words still swirled in his ears, terrible whispers that permeated the quiet of his mind and kept him from falling into the peaceful embrace of unconsciousness. He reached up slowly and wiped at the tears that painted his cheeks, smearing the dirt and grime onto his pale skin. With aching care, he pushed himself up into a sitting position, staring with blank eyes at the mess they had left him in. His stomach rolled, but there was nothing for him to throw up. He forced his clumsy fingers to pull his pants back up his legs, to redo the buttons of his shirt, and to try and fix his jumbled hair. He ignored the sticky wetness clinging to his body as he tucked his shirt in and pulled his belt tight, two notches more than he usually did. That done, he stood shakily, leaning heavily on the disgusting wall next to him as he waited for his legs to regain their strength. As he stood there, his head rolled listlessly to the side-alley opening. His dark eyes watched emotionlessly as countless figures moved back and forth, black cloaks hiding even blacker hearts. No one so much as glanced in his direction, though more than one had to have heard or known what had happened. He wanted to feel hate. He wanted to burn them all for their selfishness. But he was exhausted, and could not bring himself to waste what little energy he had left on the likes of them. Tilting his head back, he stared up at the night sky. His fingers brushed blindly over the wall behind him, feeling the numerous grooves and cracks between the stones. The wall stretched high above him, towering into the night sky, looming. And suddenly, he knew what he had to do. He turned, and without even a second to reconsider, he began to climb. The rough stones cut into his soft hands, leaving bloody marks wherever he scrabbled for a grip. His nails were shredded from where he scraped them, and his body was quickly becoming numb as the autumn night air brushed against him – more insistently the higher he went. He lost his hold only once or twice, his hands too slippery to get a good grip. But he was determined to get to the top. He had to do this right. What was a little more pain when he was so close to the end anyway? When his hands finally curled around the lip of the roof he almost sobbed with relief, hauling himself up and over with his trembling arms, and collapsing against the freezing tiles. He rolled onto his back and closed his eyes while he regained his breath. From here, he could see the entirety of Knockturn Alley, the twisted dark buildings and small blobs of witches and wizards scurrying along. And in the distance, the bright, cheery lights of its twin, illuminating the dark sky. His family would be down there somewhere, soaking in the atmosphere and enjoying the acts and festivities of Samhain, as they did every year. They would not even think to start looking for him for another couple of hours at least. They were so used to him wandering off on his own, so used to him sneaking off to read or lose himself in an interesting store. His chest hurt suddenly. He never should have left their side tonight. He never should have strayed too close to Knockturn Alley's entrance. He had known of the dangers. He should have taken the precautions. But he had just wanted to get away from it all, for even a little while. He needed to get away from the relentless jeers of his classmates, the snide rumours and unforgiving stares that tormented him every day at school. He could not stand to be with his happy, happy family when he felt so tainted, like he was somehow too wrong to be in their presence. Unworthy, somehow. It would be better this way. He stood, moving to the very edge of the roof so the tips of his shoes were overhanging the night sky. This was it. Finally. He wondered if they would miss him, if they would even care. It did not matter. He took one last moment to gaze over at the beautiful, twisted world, before tipping forward. He wanted to die. Harry shot up, wrestling with his sheets and gasping for breath as the image of the ground rushing to meet him melted into that of his dimly lit bedroom. Bile rose in his throat, and he barely made it to the bathroom in time to empty his stomach in the toilet. He coughed, spitting the last of the foul, burning liquid from his mouth, and wiped at his lips. He stayed there for a full minute, waiting for his stomach to settle, before standing and flushing. One hand reached up and fisted in his thick hair. He tried to slow his breathing as his vision swan with the change in position. "Harry?" He was covered in sweat, his shirt was sticking to him uncomfortably, and his hair was plastered to his neck and forehead. He quickly yanked the night shirt off and tossed it to the side, leaning over the sink and staring at the white bowl intently. Just what the hell was that? "…Harry?" "In here." He called, knowing she would find him eventually and there was no point trying to pretend nothing had happened. She had likely heard him throwing up. "Harry, are you alright?" He looked up into the mirror to see Ginny in the doorway. She was wrapped in her gorgeous black lace sleeping gown, the same one he had delighted in taking her out of last night. Her hair was messily up in a bun, and her face was freshly washed, meaning she had been up for some time already. "Yeah," he croaked, then immediately cleared his throat to get rid of the grit in his voice. "Yeah, just a…really weird dream." "What kind of dream?" She asked as she glided towards him, coming to a stop just behind him. Her hands, calloused and warm and familiar, landed gently on his back, rubbing the tense muscles there absently. "The war?" He shook his head. "Voldemort?" "No," he swallowed, grimacing at the lingering burn. "I don't know…it was kind of like the visions, but not, at the same time." She perched her chin on his shoulder, arms snaking around his waist. He stared at the appendages to give his mind something to focus on. The difference between her fair skin and his own darker shade was stark. She raised an eyebrow, probing but not demanding. Ginny always knew exactly how to handle him. "I don't know." He repeated. "It was just really vivid." She hummed softly, "What was it about?" "A kid," he said slowly, trying to recall the details from his jumbled emotions. "he'd been attacked and assaulted." He closed his eyes, feeling despair well in him even though it was just a dream. "He climbed a building in Knockturn Alley and jumped." Her fingers, which had been tracing nonsense on his abdomen, stuttered to a stop. "Oh." She murmured. "How old was he?" And this was why he loved her so, so much. Others might brush it off as just an intense nightmare. But Ginny treated it like it was real, because she knew he needed to get this stuff off his chest otherwise it would fester. "About fourteen? I think. It was hard to tell." Harry sighed deeply, turning in her hold and wrapping his arms around her. "I'm sorry, it's nothing. This case is probably just getting to me." She patted his chest, tucking her head into his shoulder and sighing softly. "Are you any closer to getting him?" He pressed a firm kiss to her head, just in front of her bun. "Maybe, Kingsley asked for Ron and me to head in early today to talk the case over. Hopefully we'll finally catch him." "Good," she said, slightly vicious. "that bastard deserves to be thrown in Azkaban to rot." Harry sighed, "He'll get a trial first Gin. No more Sirius'." "You already know he's guilty Harry. You have so much evidence." "Which, hopefully, means this trial will go quickly and he'll get what he deserves." She smiled up at him, stretching for a brief kiss. "Alright, you have a shower, and I'll finish up breakfast. We don't want you to be late." "Sounds good." He kissed her one last time, watching with a small smile as she slipped back into the bedroom. His smile disappeared as he glanced back to the mirror, replaced by a light frown. Whatever that had been, it had not felt like a dream. It had been so long since he had had one of the intensity, and he was honestly thrown. Just what was he doing, dreaming about something like that? Yes, the case he and Ron were on was…confronting, but Harry had never been particularly bothered by most of the other crimes that came across their desks. Enduring a war, and sharing a mind with a Dark Lord for most of your life had the annoying habit of exposing you to the sickest and most disgusting acts imaginable. He had always been a rather unflappable person, and had suffered through a number of atrocities