Hey guys - this story is already up on AO3, but I've always had a fondness for this site, so I figured, meh why not post on both. Thanks for taking the time to read this, and just letting you know that the relationship between Harry and Tom will be a pretty slow one. So don't expect there to be a lot of stuff early on, I have to build up to all the glorious bits. Anywho, the full summary for this story is actually this: On the night of the attack, Lily managed to escape with her infant son, but at the cost of her husband's life. Distraught and distrusting of her friends, she fled to France with Harry, to raise him away from the corruption in Britain and the rising influence of the Dark Lord. She trains him to the best of her abilities, shaping him into a dangerous, intelligent and powerful wizard. But when Britain re-establishes the Triwizard Tournament, and Harry is forced to return to his once-home, he finds himself questioning whether he really wants to kill the Dark Lord. Voldemort finds an unexpected challenge in the child, and as his intrigue and amusement grows, so too does the desire to possess the spark in those defiant green eyes. Hope you guys enjoy :) OoO He had always found solace in the library; the comforting silence, the scent of age-old parchment, and the intoxicating awareness of the sheer knowledge at his fingertips. His mother had always encouraged his thirst to learn, pushed tomes and books and scrolls into his hands and watched as he consumed the information with sad, yet proud eyes. His year mates never did understand his drive, how he could prefer the looming shelves of the school library to the beautiful gardens and crystal statues. They did not understand why he immersed himself so thoroughly in faded, fragmented texts that held – what some may consider – unnecessary knowledge. A sardonic smile always pulled at the side of his mouth at their ignorance. They did not understand that one day, a scrape of obscure information may just save his life from the shadow that lurked, always, over him. But he knew all too well the importance of his study. He had known since he was six what was expected of him. With a soft sigh, Hadrian took a seat at a polished table and plucked his book from his satchel. Magick Moste Evile was an unattractive book, but Hadrian knew the information in it was quite valuable. His mother requested he re-read it, and practice a small list of spells she had prepared that the book covered in extensive detail. Some were Light, most, however, were firmly considered Dark. This year, his mother insisted he expand his experience with the Dark Arts. They both believed that to face his opponents, Hadrian needed intimate knowledge of their methods. Of course, they never spoke of how Hadrian was naturally gifted with the Dark Arts, or how he rarely felt the effects of using the tempestuous branch. His mother, as a Light witch, did not necessarily like the idea of her son being predisposed to Dark magic, but she knew that to survive he had to use whatever power he had at his disposal. And she valued his life far too much to try and hinder his growth. Hadrian allowed himself to sink into the book with a single-mindedness he rarely permitted. He had been taught to always keep his attention on his surroundings, to never let himself be truly relaxed, not even at home. But every once in a while, he lowered his guard just slightly, just enough to release some of the tension that coiled within his body at the constant paranoia he maintained. Beauxbatons was far away from most of the political strife in Britain, and none of his classmates knew who he really was. To them, he was Hadrian Evans – a particularly handsome, talented and charming student who had few close friends. Everyone recognised him, and many respected him, but his aloof attitude prevented most from getting close to him. He was the type of person that, when he wished, could command people's absolute attention, but could just as easily slip into the background and move unseen. But none knew who he really was. His classmates and instructors did not know the name he guarded jealously, or that he and his mother were marked people. They did not know what had happened to his father, or why they had never met his mother. They did not see how Hadrian always listened for news on Britain, or how his eyes darkened at any mention of the Dark Lord. They did not understand , no matter how much he wished they could. Because they were children. Yes, they were exceptionally intelligent, powerful and occasionally dangerous in their ruthlessness – but they were children nonetheless. Hadrian had long since lost the naïveté his classmates still had. He was a soldier, a survivor, and he was preparing for a war. "Hadrian!" The call startled him, and he looked over his shoulder to see Claire approaching with a smile. With faux-casualness he shut his book and slid it back into his bag, not willing to let the girl know too much. He was considered a Light wizard by most after all, and did not need anything risking the image he had striven to maintain just yet. "Claire," he greeted politely, allowing a gentle smile to tug the corner of his mouth. The part-veela settled down next to him, chin propped gently on the back of her hand as she gazed at him with stern blue eyes. "do you need something?" Her lips thinned at his blunt attitude, but she did not rebuke him for it. "You weren't in the gardens for lunch, Jacob asked me to come fetch you." Her nose wrinkled slightly at the smell of the library. Hadrian felt a flicker of amusement rise in his chest, and he grinned at the slightly older witch. "Are you Jacob's owl now, Claire? I knew you fancied him, but being reduced to a messenger is a little too desperate, don't you think?" His teasing was in good nature, and Claire responded by swatting his upper arm in a manner that was still oddly refined despite its puerility. The part-veela sniffed and pointedly looked away from him. "I don't know where you get those ridiculous notions from Hadrian, Jacob is hardly an acceptable match for me." Jacob Korin was in their year, and was a pureblood, universally respected in the school, and regarded with affection. He was also one of the few people Hadrian ever felt truly comfortable around. Claire had fancied him since fourth year, and Hadrian immensely enjoyed provoking the girl whenever he had the chance. "Come now darling, Jacob is intelligent, powerful, a pureblood, handsome…surely you could do worse?" A glint came to Claire's eyes, "Perhaps you should court him then, if you are so knowledgeable of his personality." She was hoping to fluster him, but Hadrian merely grinned wolfishly as he stood and leaned to whisper in her ear. "Who said anything about courting?" he stepped back and winked as he tugged his bag onto his shoulder, "I've already had my fun with him." She gasped, eyes alight with interest as her quick mind rushed to put together what he truly meant. "Did you actually...?" She seemed hesitant to voice her conclusion though, and Hadrian used her minor distraction to begin walking away. Let her assume what she liked. Claire would never spread any rumour pertaining to him, and certainly not Jacob when she desired him. He heard her sharply call after him, no doubt annoyed at him for dropping such a claim and then leaving her unsatisfied with no answers. Claire caught up with him easily and Hadrian momentarily cursed the fact that her legs were longer. "I don't believe it. You and Jacob would never do that. You respect each other too much." She was like a dog with a bone, he mused quietly. Or, more accurately, a shark that scented blood. "Hadrian!" she whined when he refused to acknowledge her. "Let it die, Claire. I'm too tired to play today." "You little liar!" she laughed, slapping his shoulder again. "I hate it when you play mind games with me, I can never tell when you are joking or not." "You're just mad that you can't spot my lies anymore , Claire. You used to revel in the fact that I was a hopeless little boy." She smiled gently at him, and looped her arm through his. Hadrian allowed it and did not resist when she subtly took control of their direction. "I remember when we were eight," she chuckled in amusement, "I had never seen such a scrawny boy before, and I thought 'He'll never last here, he's too soft' , and now look at you." Hadrian rolled his eyes, "Top of our year, stunningly gorgeous, and entirely too aware of my own skill." She huffed, "Stop right there Hadrian, or your ego won't fit through the doorway." "Ego is intangible sweetheart, and besides, magic remember ?" "You're intolerable," she groaned, brushing some of her fringe from her eyes as they exited the marvellous front door of Beauxbatons and down the marble steps to the lush gardens. Hadrian laughed at her annoyed expression, genuinely amused at their conversation. At the sound Claire felt a small smile kick at the edges of her mouth. It was indeed rare to see Hadrian laugh like this, head thrown back and green, green eyes alight with warmth. He was so serious most of the time, or at least more refined than others in behaviour. Those who spent time with him regularly got a taste of his wicked sense of humour and sharp tongue; but only those who he was comfortable with got to see what a wonderful person he truly was underneath it all. He was, honestly, one of the most intriguing individuals she had ever met. So many layers and secrets wrapped up in a beautiful face and strong body. There had been a time, when she first saw Hadrian with the new students, that she had scorned the young boy. The son of a squib that thought he had the right to enter such a prestigious school. Claire felt her lips curl in a tight, self-depriving way. When Hadrian had excelled in his classwork and showed how much better than the rest of them he was…it had been a bitter pill to swallow for her. That a boy with no noteworthy family history had been so much stronger than her had broken some of her confidence. But now she could think of none more worthy than him to hold such power, no one who could be such a figure of importance and still so generous, as Hadrian was. Unbidden, her arm tightened around his. She cared about Hadrian – deeply. Far more than she should, and most certainly more than was smart. Hadrian, for all his kindness, was dangerous. He was a wild card, and his power made him all the more unstable. Unlike a majority of their year mates who were already fixed on their future paths, Hadrian had not once revealed where he would go. She, Jacob and a fair amount of the school, believed him to be headed towards politics. With his grades, natural charisma and easy-going personality he could quite successfully gain himself a position in the French Ministry and with time, climb the ladder – possibly even secure Minister. He was young after all, and had begun to make more significant appearances at various ministry-organised events that were breeding grounds for upcoming witches and wizards looking to make a splash. Claire hoped that was the route Hadrian took. The boy was a bit radical in his ideas, and often reacted unexpectedly – but it was his unpredictability