In The Darkest Grays [The sun bursts, clouds break.] Nico di Angelo loves in color. This is something that Will Solace has always known, something he finds obvious, despite his siblings' insistence on comparing the boy to the shadows that have almost swallowed him. Nico is not black and white. He is not shades of gray. He is not death. i. Brown They haven't even met, but Nico is already all he can focus. The brown of his skin catches the light while he walks with Grover, white teeth flashing in the sun as he talks and talks, questioning every aspect of camp that his mind can grasp. Will is practicing archery at the range. His fingers fumble with the arrow and he can actually see Michael suppress a groan at his inability. His brother has wide shoulders, firm hands and dark hair, and they are nothing alike, but this is the norm in Camp Half-Blood, so Will never really felt bad about it. From where he's shooting, Will sees Grover hand Nico off to the Stolls. It's not that he finds anything especially striking about the boy. Nico is short, probably around his age and he is responding pretty well to the fact that one of his parents is actually a divine entity from times past. Still, it's not every day that Apollo himself descends from the sky with a van full of demigods. So, yeah, Will is intrigued. The Stolls seem to be up to no good, as always, because a deck of cards has appeared on their hands and Connor is unable to disguise the mischief in his grin. Travis talks, then frowns, then pouts. Nico is much more interested in the group of girls that has just arrived than he is in the two boys. Will knows next to nothing about the Hunters. He knows they travel with Artemis, who is kind of his aunt, but every god is somehow related, so he usually doesn't pay that much thought. He knows they are a mixture of demigods and mortals-turned-immortals. He knows they don't really like boys. Which is why the image of Nico crossing the range to them seems so strange. By the time the dark-haired boy manages to sneak into the group and to grab hold of one of the girls, Will has dropped his bow to the floor and even Michael is staring. Bianca di Angelo seems different from what his siblings described. Her hair is dark and braided, and he can see her face clearly. In the silvery glow of the Hunters, surrounded by permanently young girls, she looks nothing like her brother. Yet, Nico takes her hand quietly, before anyone notices his presence, and there is something in that grip that states what they truly are to each other. The other Hunters aren't pleased with the intrusion, but Bianca smiles down at the boy and pulls him a bit closer. By the surprise that appears on his face, Will assumes they haven't talked since her pledge. It's oddly touching to see how the excitement on Nico's face melts to something softer, between admiration and contentment, as Bianca puts her arm over his shoulders. They talk, with Nico throwing his hand around and pointing at certain parts of camp. The girl chuckles at all the right moments, she nods and asks questions to encourage him. She does it with practiced ease and maybe a hint of tiredness, but the elation in her smile is true. It's nearly bronze, the way they love each other, like the undertone of their skins. It's a connection that he doesn't have – will never have – with Michael or Lee or Kayla or Austin. This sort of familiarity stems from being there since the beginning, from coming from the same place and going through the same things. In spite of whatever changes may come, their love is sincere. When one of the other girls – the disgruntled one, with the circlet – calls, Bianca grimaces and Nico frowns. She says something that seems to upset him further, but the girl still leans down to kiss his forehead. The irritation in the boy's expression doesn't disappear, deepening when she leaves, but there is a kindness in the light brown of her freckles that is mimicked in the dark brown of Nico's eyes. Michael is back to explaining how to work the bow, and Will pretends to listen. He's thinking of the little girl that his mother gave birth to just before he left home. He wonders if she could love him like blue eyes, or tanned skin, or yellow hair. ii. Blue The top of the Empire State has turned blue. For some reason, that seems to make the woman by his side relax. As Will finishes wrapping the ankle of yet another wounded camper, he tries very hard not to think about Michael Yew. The others have finally found him and, in their sorrow, they've all turned to him for guidance. The mere notion is ridiculous. He is just a healer. How is he supposed to be their Counsellor? So, it's with a little shame that he completely ignores the despair in his siblings' faces and starts going around to check on the survivors. Demigods are scattered everywhere. Some are celebrating, some are in hysterics and some are simply catatonic. There are more than Will had expected, but that does very little to quell his grief and his guilt. He couldn't shoot to save his life, but he'd thought – he'd hoped – that he would have mustered the strength to save others. Yet, here is the truth: he could never bring himself to kill. This had never felt like a weakness, but it does now. Sally Jackson hands him another suture kit and his hands are steady as he stitches the sword wound on Drew's leg. The girl has finally calmed down after the situation with Silena, so they all pretend not to see the tear stains on her cheeks. Will knows that he's in shock, but the nothingness is easier than the desolation he felt earlier. Sally and her husband are a solid presence by his side. They seem to sense where they are needed most, and it's probably this that keeps his misery at bay. They are adults and – as absurd as it may seem to think so when they are standing on a battlefield – these are kids . On moments like this, Will thinks he understands why there were so many that joined Kronos. The immortals fight; their children suffer. Sally continues to run her fingers through Drew's hair, but her eyes shift upwards every few seconds, as if hoping to catch a glimpse of Percy through the clouds. "I can't believe I'm alive," she mutters after a beat, when he is no longer busy with the stitches. "I can't believe he is alive." For reasons he refuses to acknowledge, the image of a boy in dark armor is the first to cross his mind. He's being idiotic, because Will knows the woman is talking about her son, but he can't stop himself. Will remembers the terror he felt back in the battle of the Labyrinth, when he realized who Nico's father really was. He hadn't seen the boy in a long time, but he'd recognized him immediately, and it hadn't taken more than an instant for Will to grasp that Nico was another child of the big three, a candidate for the prophecy. He looks at Sally and tries to imagine how frightened she must have been. "You were the one who saved Annabeth," she continues, fixing him with eyes that are too caring. Will wants to talk about all the demigods that have died, the ones who are missing and the ones whose heartbeats he felt fade beneath his frantic touches. "Nico told us while we fought. Paul and I, we wouldn't be alive if it weren't for him." Will doesn't know how Nico found out about what he did for Annabeth, but the fact that the son of Hades had been talking about him sends a wave of warmth through his limbs. It feels like being a little less dead. "Nico is very brave." The look Sally gives him reminds Will of his own mother, of how she would study his face when she was sure he was hiding something, but didn't want to pressure him into telling her. It fills him with such nostalgia that he doesn't even have to worry about what else the woman might see in his expression. "I can't say I understand him," she sighs, "but I am happy that Nico seems to care about Percy. If it wasn't for him, I don't think my son would be alive, either." The statement isn't cryptic in itself, but her gaze falls to the floor, making her look almost pained, and it all just gives Will the impression that there is more to this story. Still, he can't say he disagrees. Percy Jackson has a way to captivate people that Will has always envied. He doesn't resent the guy or anything, but it's easy to find himself wishing to be a better fighter and a better leader, especially when around the son of Poseidon. He had never added Nico di Angelo to that equation, but it makes sense. Percy is one of the very few people he's ever seen interact with Nico. If Will is correct in his assessment of Sally's words and the boy's involvement in today's battle is bigger than it seems, then it's not that strange to think that Nico too has been affected by Percy's charms. Will wishes it to be true, because he doesn't want Nico to be alone. The husband – Paul – approaches them and takes Sally's hand just as they fall into silence. Will follows her eyes to the Empire State Building and they both stare at it thoughtfully. The blue brings a smile to his lips, but it also makes his heart clench. iii. Green Will can't really tell if the reason he is staring is because it's Nico – of course he's staring, it's Nico – or because those sweaters are so ridiculous that the second-hand embarrassment has permanently frozen him to his spot. Well, that's not completely true. The sweaters are kind of cool, in that manner that only Nico and Hazel can really pull off. They are funny in a dry sort of way and maybe a bit offensive, but also endearing in how they match. [How eloquent of him, this description. It's almost as if he is a freaking son of Apollo .] Hazel Levesque has a lime green sweater with the words ¡Viva la Pluto! written across it in dark green and a drawing of the planet with a bright red Christmas hat right on the center of it. Nico dons a similar piece, but the color scheme is inverted and the words in his read Fuck you . It's an eyesore in the cutest way possible. From where he sits with his siblings, Will fidgets. He itches to join the two at their table, if only because he wants to get there before Jason takes the vacant place next to Nico. The jealousy is unneeded and bothersome, but it's there nonetheless. Will understands that he has no right to feel like this; his relationship with the boy is friendly, at best. They have spent mornings working in the infirmary and afternoons by the beach, and Nico has even joined him in his studies of medicine, but there is no indication of deeper feelings. Whatever flirtation might exist, it goes right over Nico's head. That boy is as dense as they come. Christmas' Eve has caught them all by surprise. The past few months have included more work and reconstruction than ever. There are new shrines being built, cabins being expanded and several plans regarding diplomatic relations being developed. Will has