The Golden Fleece A sequel to Daughter of Wisdom . Full Summary: Annabeth Chase returns to Camp Half-Blood to find the safety of her home shattered: Thalia's tree has been poisoned, destroying the magic barriers protecting the camp, and Chiron is blamed. Only one thing can save the camp, and it's up to Annabeth and her best friend Percy to find it. The problem is, they set off with a monster in tow. Once again, the quest and the surprises it has in store is about to change everything she thinks she knows. An alternate PoV retelling of Percy Jackson and the Sea of Monsters . OoOoOoOoO Chapter 1: My Best Friend Has A Dangerous Classmate OoOoOoOoO My knife was taunting me. It glowed faintly on my nightstand, where I'd left it unsheathed. Its blade was made of celestial bronze, so it gave off its own dim light in the dark. Usually, this was a comfort. Although I wasn't afraid of the dark any more (well, mostly) as I had been when I lived here as a child, it was still nice to have a nightlight. Besides, it did a good job of keeping spiders away. Monsters are wary of celestial bronze. I know technically, not all spiders are monsters (when I say 'monsters', I mean it in the mythological sense: ancient Greek creatures who hunt demigods like me) but when you're a daughter of Athena, they may as well be. My mother made the first spider from an arrogant girl who had the gall to challenge her at a weaving contest, and the little beast have been out for her blood—and to terrorise all her descendants—since then. When I was seven, the last time I'd lived properly at home, they'd come to my room in the dark of night and torment me. Back then, I didn't have any weapon against them. Driven to desperation by how indifferent my father and stepmother seemed to my plight, I'd run away. That was when I'd met my friends Luke and Thalia, who had promised me they would be my new family. It had worked out, for a time. We'd move around to different safe houses they'd built around the east coast and I'd learned to fight off monsters like them. We'd travelled north, looking for a camp in New York that trained kids like us—half human, half god. Camp Half-Blood had sent us a satyr protector, Grover, to guide us there. But then, after a few wrong turns (including one nearly down the gullet of a Cyclops), the monsters had caught up to us on the doorstep of the camp. Long story short: Thalia faced down the monsters to give us a chance to run. The monsters almost killed her. Thalia's father Zeus turned her into a pine tree in tribute to her courage. She still stands on Half-Blood Hill now, her tree spirit creating a magical barrier that monsters can no longer cross. For the last five years, I'd lived at Camp Half-Blood. It was only last summer that I'd finally agreed to spend the school year with my father and my stepfamily. The last time I'd tried it, when I was ten, I'd been so miserable that I'd returned to camp before I even got to winter break, vowing never to return. Last year, though, my friend Percy had convinced me to give it another try. He'd been right (although I'd never admit it to him). This year hadn't been too bad. I'd gone to school like a normal kid, and my dad had taken some time out of his busy schedule as a professor at West Point to spend with me. He'd taken all of us to Washington over spring break and we'd gone to see the Lincoln Memorial, just the two of us, while my stepmother and stepbrothers relaxed at the hotel. While monsters still attacked from time to time, I wasn't helpless against them any more. I'd learned loads at camp about fighting them, plus I had some practical experience from a quest I'd undertaken with Percy and Grover last summer. I'd gotten pretty good at using my knife. All this should have made its soft glow all the more reassuring, but the knife still gave me mixed feelings. It was a dagger with a long, slightly curved blade of celestial bronze—deadly to monsters. I'd carried it with me for five years and it was definitely my most trusty weapon: the first one I'd ever had, given to me by Luke the night we met. And that was the problem. It was a gift from a traitor. It hadn't started out that way, of course. I used to think Luke was perfect. He was a lot older than me, but he'd taken me under his wing from the start, promising we'd be family. He was an amazing sword-fighter, but he'd shown me how, given my smaller size, I could wield a knife more effectively. He'd been incredible to watch in battle; I still remembered how he'd taken out a dragon that had burned down one of our safe houses. After we'd lost Thalia at Camp Half-Blood, he'd been all I had left. We'd been placed in different cabins at camp, according to our godly parentage—he as a son of Hermes had been in cabin eleven, while I was in cabin six with the other children of Athena—but we'd still hung out together. Then three years later, Luke had gotten a quest, which he'd failed to complete, and he'd become increasingly bitter with the gods until last summer, he'd masterminded a plot to overthrow Olympus and raise the evil Titan Lord Kronos from the depths of the prison Tartarus. Percy, Grover, and I had nearly been killed (or captured; I'm not sure which would have been the result if we'd been delivered to Tartarus as Luke's plan had intended) in the process. We'd escaped, barely, but Luke had left camp after making another failed attempt on Percy's life. He was out in the world now, too, only he probably wasn't trying to have a normal school year like us. He was serving Kronos, working to help him reform and rise out of Tartarus. I knew all this, but it was still hard for me to square in my head. Luke had been my hero. The part of me that still clung to my memories of our time together couldn't stop thinking of him as the person I trusted most in the world. I hated feeling like I'd been mistaken. My bronze dagger was now, sadly, a reminder of how Luke had betrayed us. Its soft light was a comfort but at the same time, a reproach. I couldn't really get rid of it—not only was it my only celestial bronze weapon, I'd also had it so long, I could wield it like an extension of my arm, which is really important in a fight. On sleepless nights like this, though, it was more of a consternation. I looked away from its chiding glow. My room was still an quiet. It hadn't changed much in the five years I'd been away. My old stuffed animals still decorated the shelves and the pastel pink wallpaper featured winged ponies and rainbows. At least the cobwebs were gone. Someone—most likely my stepmother, although I found it hard to believe—had swept and cleaned meticulously before I came home this time. I'd also acquired a desk with a couple of shelves for my books. The children's books that I'd used to own I'd passed along to my stepbrothers. I didn't care much for fiction. Reading was hard enough for me as a dyslexic with ADHD, so I only liked to do it for specific purposes. My books were mainly on Greek mythology (important for my survival) and architecture (my favourite subject), though I didn't mind reading other things too as long as they had good practical knowledge. Getting the chance to go to school had been good this year. I wasn't too keen on the summer reading homework my English teacher had announced, though—all of it was fiction and he refused to allow me to pick something historical or factual instead. Next to the new desk, my school uniform—a checkered vest pinafore that ended in a navy skirt, and a white blouse to be worn underneath—hung off the handle of my closet, ready for my last week of school. At the foot of the closet was a half-filled duffel bag that I'd started to pack. When school let out next week, I would be returning to camp for the summer session. I couldn't wait. Much as I'd enjoyed school and getting to know my father over the year, Camp Half-Blood still felt more like home to me. I missed the cabin with the neat rows of bunk beds and orderly desks with endless drawers and shelves for us to keep whatever we needed for our various projects: charts, maps, blueprints, the works. I missed the golden pavilion where we had our meals served by nymphs, and the bronze brazier where we made our offerings to our godly parents before every meal. I'd managed to scrape portions of my food into the kitchen stove when I ate at home (unfortunately there wasn't really a good way at school) and while this got me odd looks from my stepmother, she refrained from commenting, though she sounded a little put out when she scolded my stepbrothers for trying to copy me. I missed our daily training sessions—sword-fighting, Pegasi-riding, crafts and metalwork; even the lava-spewing climbing wall, which was one of my least favourite activities. I missed the regular capture the flag games where I could pit my battle strategies against the opposing team and put my fighting training to use. (My team usually won—Athena is the goddess of strategic warfare, after all.) I missed Chiron, our activities director, who oversaw the day-to-day running of the camp and the training of all heroes. He'd mentored me for years, ever since I'd first arrived at Camp Half-Blood. Sometimes I felt (a little guiltily) like he was more of my father than my actual dad. Most of all, I missed my friend Percy. It was hard to believe I'd only met him last summer. We'd grown close over the course of the quest we'd been on, to retrieve Zeus's lightning bolt (long story). It was that same quest that Luke had sabotaged. I guess I'd probably call Percy my best friend now, seeing as of my other best friends, Luke had betrayed us and Thalia was a tree. Percy was home for the school year, too, though he lived in Manhattan with his mom. (His dad is Poseidon, making his parentage really rare since the three oldest brothers of the gods—Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades—technically made a pact not to have any more demigod children because of a prophecy that one of said children would have the power to destroy Olympus. Obviously, two of the brothers hadn't kept their word.) In a week's time, when the school term let out, Percy would be returning to camp as well. Next to my knife on my nightstand, illuminated by its light, was a slightly lopsided silver model of the Parthenon. Percy had made it for me for my birthday last year. Below it was a letter he'd written me a month ago. We'd tried to keep in touch over the year, but it wasn't easy. Writing letters didn't come easily to a pair of dyslexic demigods. This particular letter was full of crossed-out misspellings (and plenty more that weren't crossed-out) and I knew he must have taken a while to cover the page in his wide scrawl. At the top right-hand corner was the only bit that wasn't riddled with errors: his address. I could sympathise. I was better at writing than Percy, but it took me a fair bit of time, too. So I definitely appreciated every letter I got, infrequent as