Daughter of Wisdom Summary: What Annabeth Chase wants most is to undertake a quest, and when that chance comes, she's taking it—even if that means teaming up with the son of her mother's biggest rival. she thinks she's prepared for everything that could happen, but right from the start, nothing goes to plan. And everything she thinks she knows about the quest, her life, and her family, may just be turned on its head. An alternate PoV retelling of Percy Jackson and the Lightning Thief . OoOoOoOoO Chapter 1: The God of Sleep Gives a Concert I stared up at the towering building in front of me. The last thing I wanted was to gape like a country girl who'd barely seen the city in five years, but I couldn't tear my eyes away. Here was one of the triumphs of architecture, rising high about the other buildings (and in a city of skyscrapers like New York, that was saying something) with a delicate needle spire piercing the clouds. Even if I didn't know that the Empire State Building was the gateway to the home of the gods, it would still be an impressive sight in itself. And I was about to enter it and take an elevator all the way to Mount Olympus. I wondered if I'd finally get the chance to meet my mother. Okay, you're probably confused at this point: what do you mean, meet your mother? Well, you see, my mom is a Greek goddess. I should probably introduce myself. My name is Annabeth Chase, and I'm a twelve-year-old demigod. Like most half-bloods (half-human, half-god), I've never met my godly parent, let alone visited their holy domain. My mother deposited me on my father's doorstep in a golden cradle as a baby, which kind of turned his world upside down. The less said about that, the better. I didn't live with my dad any more. For the last five years, I'd been a resident at Camp Half-Blood, the only safe place for young demigods. Outside of camp, without proper training, it's hard for us to defend ourselves against the ancient Greek monsters that are attracted to us like bees to honey. Most campers just spent summers there, but I was one of the handful that stayed all year round. I didn't exactly have a home I wanted to return to, and living on my own in the outside world … well, I'd already tried that and it hadn't ended to well. The less said about that, the better, too. As a year-rounder at Camp Half-Blood, I usually got to do one or two field trips during term time, but a chance to actually visit Mount Olympus, home of the gods themselves, was incredibly rare. They only gave permission every other decade or so. I could still barely believe I'd been picked as one of the lucky six to go on this trip. Since our activity director, Chiron, had announced it, I'd spent all my time reading up. I was especially interested to see which of the ancient monuments might have migrated west, and whether they'd look anything like the originals. 'Jeez, Annabeth.' Clarisse, my fellow camper, pinched my arm. 'Are you just gonna stand out here staring at it?' She sounded edgy, like she was preparing for an attack. She generally did—as a daughter of the war god Ares, Clarisse was always spoiling for a fight. I couldn't blame her in this instance, though. Six half-bloods in the middle of New York City were bound to attract monster attention sooner or later. 'Come on, guys,' Luke said. He was the oldest member of our group, and officially our chaperone, though he acted pretty cool about stuff like that. Luke treated everyone like they were on the same level. He was probably the kindest person I knew. I don't generally put a lot of faith in people, but Luke was one of the few friends I had that I actually felt I could trust. (That list wasn't long.) I blushed as Luke put an arm around me to steer me after the rest of the group, through the door. My heart, already bursting with anticipated excitement, did a flip-flop. I told myself it probably didn't mean anything. I'd known Luke for five years—practically forever for a half-blood—and I used to think of him as an awesome big brother. But since he got back from a quest two years ago, things had changed. He'd come back more rugged, more grown-up, like he'd crossed the line into a different world. He'd become head counsellor for his camp cabin and although he didn't exactly treat me like I was a little kid, we didn't really hang out any more. I missed the old Luke, but there was something alluring about this new, handsome version, too. I'd started to wish … well, I didn't know what exactly, but sometimes I got butterflies on the inside when I was around him. The guard at the front desk of the Empire State Building looked bored. He was lounging in his chair with his feet on the desk. I was vaguely sure this wasn't entirely in keeping with his job description, but perhaps the Mist, which obscures magic from regular mortals, kept it unnoticeable. Certainly none of the other tourists milling around seemed to notice. 'How are we getting there?' Connor Stoll asked. He obviously hadn't done his background reading. To be fair, most of us didn't read very often. It isn't an easy task for half-bloods, nor one that really holds our attention well. Even I only struggled through it when I decided that the knowledge I could get outweighed the effort it took. 'The elevator,' Luke said. He addressed the bored-looking guard. 'Are they ready for us, Mike?' 'You'll be Chiron's group, then? Yeah, go on up. Six hundredth floor.' He handed a key card to Luke. 'Put that in the security slot. Make sure you're alone.' 'Six hundredth …' Charles Beckendorf gulped. He was one of the god Hephaestus's kids, muscular and sturdily built, but he looked a little green at the idea of being that high. Then again, there were phobias that got passed down godly lines. It wasn't like I was without them myself. Hephaestus had been flung from a mountain as a baby. An inherited fear of heights seemed pretty reasonable given those circumstances. No one else seemed to notice Beckendorf's hesitance. Luke bundled us all into an empty elevator. Once the doors shut behind us, he stuck the key card in a slot at the bottom of the console. A glowing red button appeared at the top, above the other floor buttons, flashing the number '600' at us. Luke pressed it, and the elevator started to rise, accompanied by warbling strains of Frank Sinatra. I wondered if was the actual elevator music for all tourists, or special for Olympus visitors. Up we went … and up … and up … It took a while. At the back of the elevator, Clarisse hummed impatiently and tapped her foot. 'Excited, Annabeth?' Luke said. 'Um,' I said, suddenly tongue-tied. 'Yeah, I mean, yeah, it's nice.' Gods, my mother was the goddess of wisdom, and here I was, sounding like a brainless bimbo. I cleared my throat and tried again. 'It'll be so interesting, won't it? To see—um, to watch the god's council? That's not something you see everyday.' A shadow crossed Luke's face briefly. 'No, it isn't,' he agreed. 'I thought you'd be more interested in the buildings, though,' he continued. 'Aren't you into all that stuff?' He's noticed , I thought. My face broke into a giddy smile. 'Oh, I am!' I said. 'I bet it's more glorious in real life than the pictures in the books—' The lift shuddered to a stop, cutting me off. The doors opened with a soft ding , and my jaw dropped. Mount Olympus lay before us, a mountain peak in all its heavenly glory. The sprawling ancient city hovered above Manhattan as though floating on clouds, giving it a fragile, ethereal feel. A narrow stone path led from the elevator, reaching across a gap below which the city of New York lay like a Polly Pocket village. Beckendorf swallowed hard and grabbed my arm tightly. I winced, but patted his hand reassuringly. The path wound up the mountainside through the little villages of minor gods and goddesses and other immortals like nature spirits, all going about their regular business. Some stopped to gawk at us, others hailed us, hawking their wares. 'Concert tickets, special Friday rates!' a wood nymph shouted. 'Euterpe's first solo tour—you can't miss it!' 'Hand of glory, going cheap!' a man offered, with a dazzling grin. 'Best friend to thieves and plunderers … special offer, only five drachmas!' Travis Stoll stopped, looking longingly at the hand, but Luke pushed him along. 'We've got a schedule to keep, bro.' He kept us moving up toward the top of the mountain, where the great palace of Olympia stood. Around it, I could see the various temples and dwellings of the Olympians springing off the mountainside. Each one had its own mount, cushioned by fluffy clouds. Every structure was unique in its intricate design. A temple of pillars and straight lines representing strength perched next to a watery-looking pagoda that was almost alive in its fluidity. Columns of pristine, sculptured eagles so life-like I thought they might take flight faced sensuous statues of barefooted maidens whose marble bodies beckoned to us mischievously. It was all breathtakingly gorgeous. But it was also a bit … haphazard. If I planned it, I thought, I'd make it fit together better. I'd design everything as a whole, not just the individual structures. I blinked, a little stunned at my own audacity in critiquing Olympus itself. The stubborn little voice in my head refused to back down, though. It's true. It's amazing, but it could still be better. We hiked up to the palace, which was guarded by a massive bronze archway. Through it, the palace itself was forged in white and silver. I'd change the colour scheme, I thought. I liked the open-air concept, though. It was like the mess hall at Camp Half-Blood, natural and airy. Something like that would never be practical in the real world, but who worried about being rained on when you could control the weather? The throne room, where the gods held their council, was through the courtyard. It had an actual ceiling, but I assumed it was more for decoration than necessity. Golden constellations winked at me from the dome: Andromeda, the Pleiades, Orion with his blinding belt. Below, amidst the gigantic columns that held up the ceiling, thirteen massive thrones were arranged in an omega-shape around a glowing central hearth, rather like the way the cabins were laid out at Camp Half-Blood. Except … thirteen ? I felt a moment's confusion, then I realised the last throne was a bit smaller, less ornately-designed than the other twelve, and it was out of alignment from the others. At the feet of its occupant lay a metal helmet, which seemed to radiate intimidation. Of course. They would have to have a temporary seat for the Lord of the Underworld's winter solstice visits. 'What is the meaning of this interruption?' a booming voice said. Even if it hadn't come from the platinum throne right at the end, in the same spot that cabin one occupied in the camp arrangements, it was impossible to not recognise the rolling rumble of thunder in that voice. The fire in the hearth crackled and rose to the height of a small waterfall. It burned so brightly that it obscured the faces of all the gods surrounding it. All six of us dropped quickly to our knees. 'We thank you for your generosity in allowing this visit, Lord Zeus,' Luke said hastily. I marvelled at his bravery in addressing the King of the Gods directly. 'When