I was doing some clean up in my email and discovered over 700 unread emails in my FF folder - emails regarding new chapter alerts, favorite authors, reviews, etc. I went through them and was overwhelmed by the amount of support and love I was given during my time as writer. While I pretty much had put my pen away after Clementines was finished, a few years ago, I was approached by a wonderful woman - Betti - who asked me to contribute to a compilation fundraiser for a dear friend of hers who was dying of cancer called "Stand Up for Katalina." How could I say no? The one-shots were of a various pairings and many of them had a dance theme as Katalina herself was a dancer. I submitted this fic and vowed never to look back, but after seeing all the reviews that I never replied to and all the love I never returned, I thought this might be a good way to give a little something back. Sadly, Katalina succumbed to cancer, so this is also a good way to remember her. That said, I want to thank Bettigefect for cashing in a favor and to bornonhalloween for beta'ing this story. I dedicate this fic to everyone who beat cancer, like my mother, and to all those who lost their fight, like my father. I hope you enjoy it. DISCLAIMER: I don't own Twilight or any of it's charcters. Never have never will. I gently rolled my head from side to side and gingerly massaged the back of my neck with the tips of my fingers. "What time do we have be here tomorrow night?" I asked my stand partner, Garrett, who was sitting next to me, shaking out his hands. "I think call is at 7:30, if curtain's at 8:00," he answered. I closed my eyes and stifled a massive yawn. "It's gonna be a looooong night," I groaned, catching my clarinet just before it slid off my lap. This wasn't really my kind of thing - playing in a pit orchestra for the ballet of Romeo & Juliet . I was a lowly tenth-grade English teacher, not a professional musician. Sure, I enjoyed playing the clarinet and was blessed to be pretty darn good at it, but to be honest, performances always made me nervous. I was only doing this as a favor to my friend Angela. I was her alternate for the Pacific Northwest Symphony Orchestra, and considering she had just given birth to a healthy baby boy only three weeks ago, I couldn't say no. "I hear that," Garrett nodded as he adjusted his reed slightly. "But luckily we're due for a decent break here soon - these five minute ones are bullshit. I can't go outside, smoke a cigarette, and be back in five minutes!" "I'm surprised some of the dancers haven't staged a coup yet," I giggled. Garrett snorted. "I guess there must be enough Diet Coke backstage to tide them over until then. If there's enough time, wanna run with me to Big Mike's to get a bite?" "Thanks, but no thanks. Ever since they slashed the music budget, I'm a brown-bag-it kind of girl. I brought a sandwich." "Awww. But what if it was my treat?" "That's sweet of you, but really, it's okay - I don't want my sandwich to get stale." "Oh come on, how long has it been since a man took you out to dinner?" he teased. I squinted one eye and tapped my chin with my index finger a few times. "Hmmm...I broke off my engagement with Edward how long ago?" "Jake never took you out for dinner?" "Only if you count ordering pizza while I watched him work on his motorcycle in his garage as 'dinner.'" Just then, Dr. Jones, the conductor, rapped his baton on the music stand. He nodded to the stage manager, and she called out for the dancers to take their places. As the dancers hurried onto the stage, I straightened up in my seat, gave my reed a few licks for good measure, and prayed that I'd be home in time to watch Conan. xXxXx After what felt like hours, we finally got our much-needed extended break. I had to laugh as Garrett took off like his ass was on fire to go smoke and drive to Big Mike's. Thank God he was here-I don't know how I would survive the rest of the evening without him. Sometimes musicians can be so pretentious. The early fall weather had been gorgeous so far, so I thought it would be nice to eat my sandwich out by the giant white rocks just north of the performance center. It would be quiet there, and I'd be free from interruptions. I made my way out of the pit and decided to swing by the dressing rooms to snag a Dasani from the machine. I was annoyed to see the line for the soda machine was a good fifteen or so dancers deep. Reluctantly, I took my place behind the last person and hoped there'd be something left that I'd be able to drink. Eating a sandwich before playing an instrument was bad enough in the first place, but there was no way in hell I was going let something like that sickly sweet orange Fanta get inside my baby. I glanced down at my watch and sighed-only fifty-two minutes left. But then, I caught something out of the corner of my eye. Clad in form-fitting black dance...pants?...tights?...well, whatever they called them...was quite possibly the tightest, most beautiful ass I had ever seen. The fabric all but disappeared between his cheeks to highlight two perfectly round hemispheres, except for slight indentations that appeared on either side when he shifted his weight from one leg to other-muscular, yet impossibly soft-looking at the same time. This was the kind of ass women dreamed about-the one they only wished their husband or boyfriend had. My ex-fiance, Edward, had had a pretty darn good derriere, or so I had thought. But it was nothing compared to the glorious, end all-be all of asses standing in front of me. I groaned internally - it had been so long since I'd had any kind of sexual encounter that I'd almost forgotten what it was like to instantly desire someone. Instinctually clenching my hands into fists, I fought the urge to reach out and run my hands over the smooth, pale skin covering the muscles of his perfectly V-shaped back. I didn't even care what the man's face looked like - he could be Abe Vigoda's twin brother for all I knew. But when my eyes traveled down to that taut little tushie, my lady bits woke up from their hibernation, and apparently they were starving! My curiosity was finally sated when one of the other dancers asked him a question, and he turned enough for me to see his face - the dude was handsome. More than handsome actually, he was probably the most beautiful man I'd ever seen: dirty blond hair, grayish blue eyes, and a killer smile to boot - holy cow, was that a British accent? This had to be the guy playing Romeo. He just had to be. I was well aware that I was staring, maybe even drooling as I admired it, but who cared? Romeo's ass was the sun, and I was a sunflower - destined to follow it all day, every day for the rest of my life. I mean, weren't ballet dancers used to people looking at their butts all the time anyway? Kind of like how a woman with breast implants will always elicit a certain amount of ogling from men...and women, too, I guess. I felt like whimpering when Romeo finally reached the front of the line and bought himself, of course, a Diet Coke-it had been a lovely show. Craning my neck as I watched him take his asset away, I dropped my quarters into the slot. If only they sold caffeinated water in our vending machines-I could really use the juice to get through the rest of the evening. By the time I was done, that beautiful bum had disappeared into a sea of other slightly less perfect bums. Bummer. I quickly flitted down the cold, gray corridor and pushed the heavy back door open before making sure to wedge a small rock between it and the frame so as to avoid the long walk back to the front of the building. The sun had been setting earlier and earlier every day, and I could just make out a faint orangish-pink streak it had left behind. The fresh air felt good against my skin, a little chilly, but I didn't mind-my light jacket was more than enough to keep me warm. I made my way in the semi-darkness toward the square-cut rocks as the damp grass tickled my exposed toes through my sandals. As I neared my destination, I noticed a hooded figure perched on of the larger horizontal-lying ones. "Fuck," I cursed under my breath. I hesitated, not sure who would be sitting out there-a college kid perhaps? A homeless person? Psychotic killer? Just as I started to turn back, the figure spoke. "Sorry! If you want to hang out here, that's cool. I can go somewhere else until rehearsal starts again." The voice was male and somewhat familiar, and it very obviously belonged to someone involved in the production, so I could probably at least rule out that the person was homeless. Psychotic killer though...that was a different story. "That's okay; you were here first," I called over my shoulder. "There are some benches just on the other side of the building." "Are you sure?" he called back. "I don't mind sharing-unless you want to be alone." I had to pause and think to myself for a moment. I didn't have a husband, didn't have a boyfriend, didn't have a roommate, didn't have a pet-not even a stupid fish. So did I really find it necessary to be alone for the next forty-seven minutes? Wasn't I alone enough already? Besides, I needed something to take my mind off of Handsome Hot Ass for a while and this guy sounded nice enough...and was probably gay, so I what did I have to lose? I put on a polite smile and turned back toward the rocks. "You sure? Maybe YOU want to be alone." He chuckled softly before sliding off of the rock and closing the distance between us. "No, that's not it at all. I just saw this spot from the bus as we arrived, and it looked like a good place to kill some time. Hey, aren't you the clarinetist?" I stumbled as he came into the light, and drew a sharp breath inward. Holy shit, it was Romeo - Mr. Handsome Hot Ass himself! Granted, he was now wearing an oversized, worn-out hoodie, but it was him. This was too much of a coincidence-someone had to be playing a prank on me, right? No way he was standing in front of me right now, smiling and expecting me to answer his question. I prayed to God that it was dark enough outside so that he couldn't see the flush of crimson that was most definitely taking over my face. "I'm, I'm sorry, what?" I manage to sputter. "You play the clarinet, right? Didn't I see you with a clarinet earlier?" "Oh, yes! Right - that's me," I exclaimed way too loudly. "And you must be Romeo." "Romeo?" he repeated, throwing his head back and let out a laugh. "Hardly! I'm Paris, well, my name's Carlisle, actually. But I'm dancing the part of Paris. You know-the guy who never gets the girl." "Ahhh, yes - Paris, I am familiar." Before I could stop myself, I clutched my hands over my heart and took a few staggering steps. "'O! I am slain-If thou be merciful,