I don't own any of the characters or songs apart from the ones I created :) Clove I jumped out of bed sweat dripping down my face. Panting I looked around searching my room checking it was safe. Noticing my clock I groaned as I realised what time it was. It was half past four in the morning. I wasn't meant to getting up for another hour for my run. Collapsing back on my bed I picked up my phone and checked through the messages. My boyfriend Gloss had sent me several texts telling me goodnight and that he loved me. I smiled then went through the rest. Glimmer had sent me a text asking why I wasn't at school yesterday. Throwing my phone across my bed I stood up and stretched then walked over to my wardrobe. Quickly pulling out my gym shorts and shirt I carefully plodded downstairs trying not to wake my step dad up. Making my way out into the dark I started running my usual path around the estate as normal until I noticed something. A light was on in a window and a boy was staring out of it watching me. He looked at me sleepily then turned off his light. It was only two weeks into the first term at my new high school so I had not seen many peoples faces. I had moved here from a different school because of things that had happened at my old school and was in my ninth year at school. Shaking my head I carried on running until I reached my point then ran back. As I opened the door I realised a light was on and I sighed. "Clove?" my dad called from the living room and I walked in to find him sitting on his chair in the corner of the room. "What are you doing up dad?" I asked looking up at the clock. It was only six thirty and usually it was later than this I would get him up. "Clove you need to start getting more sleep sweetheart. I know its hard for you but you can't keep doing this," he said and I shifted on my feet. "I know I'm sorry I'll just take sometime to get used to this house," I told him hugging him. "Good girl now go get ready for school," he said and I nodded heading up the stairs. Quickly I pulled on my clothes then ran downstairs. I grabbed a granola bar and ran out the door after shouting bye to my dad. I started making my way down the road towards my school. It was only seven but it was a forty five minute walk and I had to find Katniss. Suddenly a car ran past me and music was blasting from it. I ignored it as people started shouting at me from it. "Hey sweetheart come on you know you wanna come with us!" One shouted at me and I turned the corner disgusted. As they zoomed past I put my earphones in. Lady Gaga blasted out my earphones and I smiled. She was one of my favourite artists. "I'm gonna marry the night. Not gonna give up on my life. I'm a warrior queen with passion and freedom tonight!" I sung quietly when suddenly my phone rang. "Hey," I said quietly. "Hey babe," Gloss said into the phone and I smiled. "Hey how are you?" I asked smiling. "I'm good. Hey would you like to come to mine tomorrow?" "Of course I'm sure my dad will be fine with it," I said and then another call came through. "I have to go love you," I said. "Awww love you too," he said before hanging up. Answering Katniss's call I smiled as I heard her voice. "Hey Kat!" I said and I smiled as I heated her rushed reply. "Hey Clove! Guess who I've just seen? It was Peeta and he smiled at me! Can you believe that Clove?" "That's great! You should just go talk to him already. You both obviously want to know each other," I said and she sighed. "Fine ill try today promise," she sighed and I laughed. "Good!" I said and she laughed again. "So how about you and Gloss? When are you gonna become more older Clove and wear clothes that aren't tomboyish and more girly? You've got to realise we're not in juniors any more. We're in year ten now you need to wear skirts and act like you are," she said and I sighed. "This is just who I am Katniss," I said sighing. The truth was I didn't want to grow up. I wanted to hold on to my old self and try to stay like this forever. Katniss carried on for at least half an hour about it before I got to school. "Kat I'm going now," I said and I heard her sigh. "Fine ill see you in tutor," she said. Hanging up I walked into school towards my hiding spot... I sat through Spanish doodling in the back of my book. As the bell rang I walked out of class down the corridor when suddenly I heard singing. Turning the corner I looked through the door to find five students. One was a small petite girl with sake skin and I smiled at her small form whizzing round dancing. Next to her was a red headed girl dancing holding hands with a tall boy with sandy hair. Next to them was a large boy with dark skin and restless eyes. Finally there was a tall brown haired boy with dark coloured hair and broad shoulders. "That was great guys now were gonna go down to the hall so you can audition," he said leading them out another entrance. Cautiously I followed until we ended up at the school hall which had a desk and a chair as well as a stage at the far end. I hovered by the door as they made there way down and the teacher sat on the chair with the rest behind him on stools. "So this is glee club and you signed up to audition. We will be going to competitions all around the world and having fun. So we will start with Rue Smaulding," he said and the small girl stood up and walked up to the stage. "I will be singing the first eight lines of castle on a cloud from Les Miserables," she said before standing in the middle of the stage. I sat upright as I heard this as it was my favourite musical. "There is a castle on a cloud. I like to go there in my sleep. Aren't any floors for me to sweep. Not in my castle on a cloud. There is a lady all in white holds me and sings a lullaby. She's nice to see. And she's soft to touch. She says Corsete I love you very much," Rue sang softly her voice sweet and high. She did a walk and run of the stage over to sit next to the dark skinned boy who ruffled her hair. "That was amazing rue. Okay now we have Finch and Peeta" he said and the boy and girl walked up to the stage. "We will be singing the elephant love melody from moulin rouge," the boy said smiling. "I was made for loving you baby you were made for loving me." "The only way of loving me baby is to pay a lovely fee," Finch sung her voice sharp. "Give me one night. Just one night," he sung taking her hand. "There's no way because you can't pay," she sung softly taking her hand away from his. "In the name of love! One night in the name of love," he said lifting her in the air. "You crazy fool. I won't give into you." "Don't leave me this way. I can't survive without your sweet love oh baby don't leave me this way," he said grabbing her arm softly as she attempted to walk away. "You would've thought that people would've had enough of silly love songs," she sung putting her hands on his chest. "I look around me and think it isn't true." "Some people wanna fill the world with silly love songs." "We'll what's wrong with that? I'd like to know. Because here I go again! Love lifts us up where we belong!" He shouted jumping off the stage. "Love makes us act like we are fools," Finch finished softly while jumping into his arms. "That was amazing you two! So I'm guessing you go out?" He said looking down at his sheet. "Erm no just best friends," Peeta said smiling at him. I was shocked. The way they were acting made me feel like they were going out. It seamed real. "Okay Thresh and Gale have already auditioned so I guess that's it! We're going to have to get more people to join though because there's not a lot of you," he said turning to them all. They all smiled and followed him out the hall chatting between themselves. As soon as they had gone I walked slowly down the hall until I reached the stage. Sitting down at the piano that was at the side I let my fingers slide over them before starting to play. "I always needed time on my own I never thought I'd need you there when I cry And the days feel like years when I'm alone And the bed where you lie Is made up on your side," tears were falling softly down my face now, "When you walk away I count the steps that you take. Do you see how much I need you right now? .When you're gone. The pieces of my heart are missing you. When you're gone. The face I came to know is missing too. When you're gone. The words I need to hear to always get me through the day. And make it OK. I miss you." Suddenly I noticed there was a boy stood in the corner of the stage watching me wide eyed. Quickly I got up from the piano. "I'm sorry I know I'm bad," I said turning away from him. "No wait!" He shouted and I spun round, "That was amazing. You have a great voice." He was walking towards me and sudden I realised it was the boy from a few of my classes. His had dark blonde hair and blue eyes that reminded me of my real mums eyes. "I'm Cato," he said holding out his hand. "Im Clove," I said taking it. "Do you sing anything else?" He asked and I nodded. "Do you sing?" I asked and he laughed. "In the shower occasionally," he said smiling. "You wanna try?" I asked and he laughed. "Sure Ill try," he said and I laughed. "Do you know any good ones?" He asked and I smiled. "What about I've had the time of my life?" I asked him and his face lot up. "That's an amazing song!" He said and I laughed. "You ever seen dirty dancing Cato?" I asked and he looked confused. "What's that?" "It doesn't matter your ready?" I asked and he nodded. "Now I've had the time of my life. And I never felt this way before and I swear its the truth and I owe it all to you," he said holding my hand and spinning me round. I laughed, "cause I had the time of my life and I owe it all to you." "I've been waiting for so long. Now I've finally found someone to stand by me," he said dancing slowly. "We saw the writing on the wall. And we felt this magical fantasy," I sung and he pulled me towards him then away again. "Now with passion in our eyes. There's no way we could disguise it secretly. So we take each others hand. 'Cause we seem