It had been over a decade since the dark lord Sauron was finally defeated, and the one ring was throne into the fire of Mount Doom. The world of men struggled to rebuild their lives and cope with the loss from war. Many no longer had a family that they could go to with their anguish. Friends became almost as vital as breath to the survivors of the last great war. In the White City of Gondor, Aragorn, Son of Arathorn, sat upon the throne once again. His wife, Arwen, sat beside him and together, they made sure that their city thrived. Children took to playing in the streets, and this small action, gave everyone in the city hope. The children were what secured their future now. Those who fought, and won the war for the freedom of men, did it for their future generations. And that is where our story begins, with the lives of the children. Near the front gates, upon the white steps, sat a child. A beautiful, young girl, who could have been no more than five years old. Her long, golden hair was braided down her back. Her skin was fair and her eyes were as blue as the ocean. She wore a blue dress, which was uncommon for peasant children. She did not look as though she was a child who had to play in the streets, or even be in them at all. She was a rather devious child, always getting into trouble and creating a real mess of things. The air was hot, and the sun was at its peak in the sky. There were very few people out in the street. If they could escape the sun, they would. Only those who were working remained in the hot sun, them, and the little girl. In truth, the girl was doing her best to stay out of her home. Her brother was being strained in the watch tower, and she had nothing to do. The woman who took care of her since her mothers death was not a very kind woman. She took care of the children well enough, true. Always made sure they were clean, clothed and fed, but she did not play with them or let them have any fun. If they were not reading books, they were being made to clean their home. This is why her brother willingly volunteered to learn to help outside of their home, to escape the terrible woman there. Suddenly, the whole kingdom seemed to be whipped into a frenzy. There were horns to be heard from above and the small child looked up, not knowing what that meant. She knew nothing of war in her short lifetime and had never heard the horns being blown before. She stood up quickly and hurried into a small alley, peaking around timidly as she watched the large gates. There were soldiers standing all around, with armor on and weapons drawn. The girl did not understand why how they all got ready so fast. Aragorn walked passed her then, followed by Arwen, and the Steward of Gondor, Faramir. They all walked with quick strides, walking towards the large gates. They all stopped at the bottom of the steps, standing tall and proud. Aragorn had his hand upon the hilt of his sword, but was not holding onto it. He looked at the guards in control of the gate and nodded his head, letting them know it was alright for them to open the doors. All at once, the men began to move, opening the doors and preparing for battle. They all had their hands on their weapons, ready for anything that may walk through that door. The small girl still watched, wondering why they would open the doors if they believed these people were dangerous. The doors creaked and cracked, groaning in protest as they were slowly slid open. A strong breeze blew through the door, causing everyones hair to whip into a frenzy. The king did not move, only watched the doors as people came into view. The people were peasants, mostly women and children. Wearing plain clothing, dirty, tattered and torn. It was easy to see how exhausted these people were. They looked as though they had been traveling for days. All of the horses they had were not being ridden, but instead, had carts of supplies and belongings that they pulled. As the crowd drew nearer to them, the guards and the king seemed to be more rigid. They were bracing themselves for anything that these people may do. A young woman stepped forth then, with desperation clearly expressed on her dirty face. Her eyes shone like emeralds through the darkness on her skin. She bowed her head politely to Aragorn before looking up at him. Her black hair was knotted and covered with clumps of mud. There were a few twigs sticking out here and there as well. "Why have you come?" Aragorn asked with a stern, but gentle tone. He was simply trying to show that he was not easily persuaded, but that he was still open to listen to what they had to say none the less. "My king, I come to you in great need." She said quietly as she hugged a small bundle, wrapped in blankets, tight against her chest. "We have suffered a great drought. We have been traveling for almost a month." She said softly, tears threatening to choke out her voice. "We are seeking shelter, and a new place to rebuild our lives. I offer you this, as payment." She said quietly as she held out the bundle in her arms. She was not looking at him Aragorn, she wasn't really looking at anyone. She just held out her arms, trembling as she looked off to the side. Aragorn watched her skeptically before stepping forward and taking the package from her arms. He slowly opened it and let out a deep sigh as he looked down at the small bundle of jewelry and gold that he now held in his arms. "I can not accept this from you." He said softly before wrapping them up and placing them back within her arms. "You and your kin may stay here." He said, patting her hands gently. "Thank you, my king. You are very kind." She whispered quietly as a tear slid down her cheek. She nervously pulled the bundle back to her chest and began to hug it to herself again. She still was not looking at anyone in particular. Arwen had been studying the girls eyes and looked at her husband when she figured it out. She was not going to say anything now, for fear of embarrassing the young woman. Arwen could tell that this girl was blind, or at least, almost blind. Her sight was not very good, despite her young age. The woman turned and walked back to her own people, holding an arm out in front of herself as she walked. She announced the good news to them and they flooded into the city around her. Everyone was extremely careful not to walk into her, or bump her. It was like water parting around a large stone as they went passed her. Even the smallest of children were completely respectful of this young woman who lead them. "Aragorn…" Arwen whispered quietly as she grabbed her husbands arm. He looked down at her with a small smile, but then she continued speaking. "I believe that the young woman is blinded, or very close to it." She said quietly. "I did notice that something seemed off…"He replied quietly before nodding his head. "She appears to be the person leading her people. If she was not more qualified than others, they would not allow her to keep that position." He pointed out gently. "I believe that these people are true to their word. I will allow them to stay here as long as they do not prove me wrong." "Why is there no man leading them, or even in sight?" Arwen asked quietly. She had noticed that all of those walking passed her were women, and children. There were no men, except for those who were still children or were very elderly. "I think that perhaps we should invite her to have dinner with us tonight, to get some more explanation to all of this." He said gently. Arwen nodded and released his arm then, satisfied with his answer. The girl who had lead her people to Gondor walked in last, flinching slightly when the gates closed behind her. She whipped around and stared up at the wall, as if trying to figure out why it would make such a loud noise. "What is your name?" Aragorn called over the noise of everyone else's talking. "Polenia." She answered in a strong tone before she turned around to face him again. "My name is Polenia." "Well, Polenia, welcome to Gondor." He said with a tender smile before he looked at her. "My men will help your people find places to settle in." He said gently before looking at Faramir. "You have a special task." He said quietly. "Yes, My Lord?" Faramir asked as he stepped forward. Aragorn leaned forward and whispered his words to Faramir, so that the young woman would not hear. "I want you to help her. I believe that her sight has left her. Be as patient as you can." "I will do my best." Faramir said with a small nod before he turned and walked towards the young woman. She seemed to know exactly where he was and she looked up at his face. This was the closest to eye contact she had made with anyone since she had arrived here. "I have been given the honor of helping you settle in here." He said gently as he offered her a hand. "Would you like to come with me?" "He told you to help me, because I can not see, didn't he?" She asked with a small whisper. A smile crossed her lips as she reached out and grabbed his hand, squeezing tenderly before she released it. "I appreciate your willingness to help me, but I do not need it." She said with a small smile before she turned away and looked up at the stairs. "I do not see as others do, but do not mistake me for someone who is completely blinded." Faramir watched her walk away from him and could not help but laugh quietly to himself. It had been a long time since he had seen such a strong, bull-headed woman. It actually pained his heart to think of her in such a way. It had been six years since he lost his wife. He had always done a flawless job of hiding his feelings of pain, for fear of upsetting his children. Elboron would understand it, but Finduilas would not. The last thing he wanted was to have to explain to his daughter that she was the reason her mother was no longer alive. There was nothing anyone could have done to save her, but that did not make the pain any less real. He turned away form her then and walked up the stairs, following Aragorn and Arwen back to the throne room, where they were likely to discuss how they were going to handle all of these new people within their walls. The small girl who had hidden from the vast group of people slowly revealed herself from within her hiding spot. Polenia seemed to notice her almost instantly and she looked over at her. The girl flinched and slid back into her hiding spot, not wanting to be caught out in the city. Her father would be furious if he leaned she had snuck out of her house again. Polenia took a few steps forward and almost fell on her face, tripping over the first of the stairs. She nervously lifted her skirt slightly,