A/N: Hello fanfiction readers, this is my first attempt at this sort of thing, so any feedback would be very welcome. This is set during Catching Fire in the time between the end of the Victory Tour and Katniss and Peeta's re-entry into The Games. I love that Suzanne Collins left Madge and Gale's story to the imagination, and some truly fantastic writing posted on this site has explored their dynamics. This is my ode to said stories, and of course, SC's wonderful characters. I'm mainly posting this first chapter as an experiment, so if you guys like it I will either jump back to The Hunger Games and tell the story running up to this chapter OR just continue from here. I might even alternate between past and present. It would be great to know whether people feel the rest of this story should be told! Hope you enjoy, thanks for reading. Disclaimer: I own nothing you recognise from The Hunger Games trilogy, I'm borrowing these lovely characters from Suzanne Collins. Chapter 1: Heart Is Hard To Find Gale's P.O.V. As I approach the tiny cabin we like to call Headquarters I pause to take in my surroundings. My hunter's senses pick up on no unusual sounds and movements until a beautiful noise pierces the silence, drifting from Headquarters and startling me from my surveillance of the quiet woods. Madge. I'd recognise that sound anywhere. She's laughing. Probably letting tears leak from her crinkled eyes. Scrunching her nose and biting her lower lip in an attempt to hold in the mirth that lights her face and warms me to my core. I rock back on my heels, thoroughly enjoying a sound that has been absent from my life for too long. Allowing myself a grin whilst no one is around to see, I bathe in her image until an abrupt thought enters my head, rudely interrupting my daydream. Who was responsible for the lovely sound? She didn't laugh like that for just anyone. I remember the swell of pride on those long days in the cabin when I would inadvertently make a comment, pull a face or tell a story that would merit such a sound. Only I'm not with her now, and whoever is has earned an emotion from her I have long buried with my pride and doubt. I scowl as the shame washes over me, stealing all the warmth I'd drawn from the woman I now knew I loved. Then a new, more familiar emotion turned my vision red... anger . Storming down the rest of the pathway I threw open the door ready to jealously order Katniss and Peeta to leave and stop allowing the sound of Madge's happiness to torture me, when my eyes fell on a scene worse than the one I'd imagined... Madge's P.O.V. "You want me to stop teasing you Ms Undersee?" " Yes Darius, I'm trying to work!" I sigh, exasperated. "Well well well, someone's taking herself seriously today." He huffs, a smirk ruining his attempt at looking wounded. I raise an eyebrow, setting down my pen and the newspaper I had been searching for any scrap of news that would help Peeta and Katniss. "Don't give me that. You know we're running out of time until they have to leave for the Games, I'm just trying to stay focused." "You better watch out Undersee, or I might just need to persuade you to ease up a little" he insinuates boldly, scooting across the bench until his eyes are even with mine, his broad frame blocking the light from the window. I swallow, blushing as his fingers pull gently on a lock of my hair escaping from my messy ponytail. "I don't know what you're babbling about, but whatever it is, you wouldn't dare" I sniff. "Oh really?" He raises his hands, grinning cheekily. Just as I was planning my escape route from his lips, his hands grab me pulling me onto his lap and he tickles me like an unruly child. Shocked , I begin to laugh uncontrollably (partly from relief) as Darius pinches my sides and pokes my stomach. I'm horrified by the girlish squeals escaping from my lips and echoing round the room. Suddenly the door flies open and Darius freezes, scowling when he sees that the intrusion into his latest unwanted yet undeniably persistent advances turns out to be an inexplicably furious Gale. I'm still frozen in shock at the wild look in his eyes when Darius loops his arms around my waist as if I was perched on his knee by choice. The livid flash of Gale's steel grey eyes shocks me to my senses and I jump up swatting at Darius' arms. "It's not what it looks like!" I blurt out before I can stop myself. A muscle twitches in Gale's jaw as he folds his arms across his chest, stretching the fabric of his grey t-shirt across his impossibly broad shoulders. He says nothing so I continue. "Darius was just acting like a complete idiot as usual." I shoot a venomous glance at the face framed by a shock of red hair that now really does look wounded. I regret my sharp tone for a moment until Darius speaks up, standing to glower at his former friend and (currently reluctant) ally. "Just having a bit of fun Gale, enjoying each other's company. What's with the daggers?" Gale splutters and flexes his long muscular fingers (never a good sign) throws down his pack with a loud thwack and strides forward to glare the few inches down to Darius. "While you two are ' having a bit of fun' and 'enjoying each other's company' I'm risking my life in the mines to gather information. Peeta and Katniss are training for hours on end to fight to the death". His voice climbs enough decibels to make me cower slightly. "Even that waste of space Haymitch is working on his Capitol contacts to try to keep them alive in there for as long as possible! While you two are drooling all over each other, you could be finding information that could bring one of them home. Bring Katniss home Madge!" He turns his obsidian glare to target me. I stare at him, shocked. Hurt bubbling through my veins. Katniss. That's what he's so mad about. He thinks I'm dooming his one true love by allowing myself to forget for ten minutes how hard everything's been these last few months. Why shouldn't I take a minute out of my day of illegal activity (unwillingly I might add) to act like the teenager I am and not feel heartbroken by the fact that my best friend is likely to die in a few weeks? Why shouldn't I stop agonising for one moment over the fact that there is nothing I can do to about it except scour old newspapers for clues about the arena that will haunt her nightmares for years to come - assuming she even survives it? After he forged our strange but powerful connection then snatched it away along with all of the kindness and warmth between us who is he to judge me? "That's not fair" I say quietly, my even tone surprising both men. Gale opens his mouth to spout another volley of biting words when I continue, cutting him off. "You know I love Katniss and Peeta, and that I would do, no have done anything in my power to help them through this. That's why I'm here. That's why we're all here". I motion to Darius who seems content to let me defend myself, which I appreciate. "How dare you accuse us of not doing enough when we practically live here in the woods, where we'd be killed if the Peacekeepers find us? I know you're worried about her, but you have no right to storm in on an innocent moment of silliness and start yelling!" I blush as I realise the hypocrisy of me yelling this last admonishment. Gale looks slightly stunned, but still angry. Darius is now smirking again, an inexplicable glint of grim realisation in his eyes. Gale finds his voice. "Maybe if you two didn't waste your time fondling each other I wouldn't need to yell." That is the last straw. What right does he have to accuse me of having something going on with Darius? What is this? If Gale doesn't want Madge then no one else can even glance in her general direction? "Gale Hawthorne, you are a complete ass!" I choke, silently berating the angry tears spilling from my treacherous eyes. His eyes widen momentarily when I curse but his mouth stays in a firm line as I stomp out wiping my eyes furiously. Gale's P.O.V I completely lost it. A roaring fire seared the space behind my eyes and ice clenched in my fists when I saw her in his arms. Darius . That idiot was who she was choosing to let make her beautiful face scrunch with such decadent laughter. I want to break the pale District 2 hands grabbing at her waist, Snap the lanky legs she's sitting on and wipe that petulant sappy grin off his face. The one he gained from watching her squirm. I was cruel. I know I was cruel to play on her guilt. But how can you explain what even you yourself don't understand? How can you tell the woman you don't even deserve to breathe the same air as that despite all the times you hurt her, it kills you to hear her laugh with someone else? My confusion makes me bitter and I accuse her of flirting with Darius. I panic for a moment, thinking I've let slip why I'm really shouting in her face but she doesn't notice. She just curses at me and then breaks my heart by bursting into angry tears and storming out the same way I stormed in. From the smirk on that Peacekeeper jerk's face I can tell my real motives are not lost on his shrewd little brain. When the door slams behind her I fight with myself for a moment, itching with every fibre of my being to run after her, pull her into my arms and crush my lips to hers, all whilst using my hands to make sure she forgets this loser ever touched her. To curb this almost unbearable urge feels ridiculously foreign and I slam my fist into the wall, welcoming the pain as it calms my racing mind. Darius actually has the gall to laugh. I spin round as he claps slowly. "Lovely. Very nice performance there Hawthorne, I almost believed you weren't jealous of me. You've put on a very good show of being all googly eyed over Katniss but the question is...Why? When you and I both know the sight of Madge and I makes you want to snap me in half." He smirks. "You don't know what you're talking about!" I snarl, grabbing the front of his stupid white uniform. "Touch her again and you'll wish I'd snapped you in half". He smiles serenely shoving me off him. I let him go, knowing that I would look like the bad guy to Madge if I gave him the black eye he so richly deserves. "You know Hawthorne, before your little display I thought I had no chance with her." "You don't!" I snort. He looks nothing short of elated. "Madge deserves someone who'll fight for her. Someone solid, not some blind idiot confused by feelings for someone he never had. She deserves someone who can look after her and give her everything she wants, everything she deserves. You mess her around, yell and make her cry and I stayed out of it because we were friends and to be honest, I thought you'd be good for each other. Now I realise that you're just a coward." He shoves me backwards and I grab his shirt front again, fuming.