The nightmares were back again. Annie wrestled against the invisible demons of tributes long dead. She howled bone—chilling shrieks into the night, her sweaty body tangled beneath the sheets. Two pair of surprisingly strong arms grabbed her hands to prevent her from harming herself, but inside her head, they were the arms of someone who was trying to kill her. She let out a piercing scream that echoed in every wall of the old beach house and finally woke up. —¿Finnick?—she gasped, trying to focus her hazel eyes on the face hovering over her. As her sight cleared she realised it was a much feminine, aged face, smiling comfortingly at her while white locks fell around her. Of course, Mags. Finnick's in the Capitol. He won't be back for a long time. Gasping for breath the tiny brunette attached herself to the elder woman, seeking solace with desperation. Mags held her tight, rocking her back and forth and humming and old fisher lullaby. As comforting as it could be…it wasn't the same as being held by Finnick. Mags was a dear old woman. But Finnick was Annie's hero. By morning, Annie couldn't remember what had haunted her dreams at night, but she was thankful for it. Every time away from the strange fits that harassed her mind without warning was a victory for her, bigger than winning the Hunger Games. She couldn't be left alone though. Because they were still there. Since she had no family, no friends, no mental stability, Mags and Finnick had taken her in. They were alone in the world too, and lived together in what could be described like a grandmother—grandson relationship. The first time she had had a panic attack back at the Capitol, Finnick had locked her in a hug not even President Snow would've been able to penetrate or brake, looked up at Mags and said with the most determinate tone he'd ever used on someone: "She'd coming with us. Im not leaving her". Annie was embarrassed to be taken cared of like a helpless child. If only she could find a way to get a grip on her mind by her own means. At least, today promised to be nice, despite her usual loneliness. Not because it was Valentine's Day; that meant little to Annie, who's one true valentine was far away from her reach, not only physically, but mentally. But the weather was promising. As she climbed up the rocks of the beach, her wild hair played with the salty breeze. Annie stuck out her tongue to taste the sea in the air. Laughing like a child, she leaped over a rock and bended over to see a couple of sea otters playing lazily on the surface of the water, cracking oysters over their bellies. Otters didn't need Valentine's, they loved each other with the same intensity ever day of the year. Sometimes, Annie wondered if things between her and Finnick would've been different, hadn't she been reaped for the Hunger Games. If something hadn't snapped inside her head, could it be possible he'd be able to see her as something else than a broken puppy he had to take care off? A broken toy kept for pity? Annie wasn't sure if it was true, but in the Capitol they'd said she was pretty. Maybe not as pretty as the exuberant women hanging from Finnick's arm every different hour there; but pretty like a little mermaid. " Stupid girl. He would've never laid eyes upon you if you hadn't been reaped". Annie sighted. Ever since the Games, very obvious details seemed to slip away from her. It made her feel stupid. Dim—witted. It hadn't been like that before. She'd been shy, but clever. They told her she still was, but Annie doubted their words. Lately, everyone in the district eyed her with pity and shame. Everything they said felt empty. She laughed when one of the otters sank the other playfully. She saw them dance beneath the surface of the water, circling round and round with no signs of getting bored. They came out for air and played cheerfully with their paws, patting each other's noses. She giggled when one of them sneezed. The mate licked the other's face. Annie sighted and smiled. Sea otters were heads—down her favourite animals. She heard a tingling noise at her back and then a rope closed around her throat. She gasped and turned, trying to defend herself as best as she could. But there was no attacker nor rope to be tied around to choke her. Instead, she crashed against those most beautiful sea green eyes she always found peace in. —Finnick!—she cried out in delight and surprise as the man sat beside her. He smirked at her tenderly. —Hello, Annie—he greeted her with that joking formal tone that made her smile every time. —I thought you were staying at the Capitol! What about all of your admirers?—she blinked, blushing with joy. Finnick flashed the million—dollar smile that made everyone swoon in the Capitol, but with her, the smile was actually a real one. —Nah. I'd rather spend Valentine's with my favourite girl—he leaned over and placed a sweet kiss on her cheek, wich turned an even darker shade of pink. Finnick always said those kinds of things to her, and although he was clearly joking, Annie couldn't help the fact that her heart wished to leap out of her chest. She forced it to calm down. Finnick cared for her more than anyone else had ever done in her entire life, but she still was poor Annie—gone—mad . It wasn't that she victimized herself, but it was quite improbable Finnick would actually consider a half—crazy girl as something different from a little sister, or an innocent friend. Sometimes that idea pained Annie, but she would rather have Finnick's friendship, or whatever it was, than nothing of him at all. If it wasn't for him, she'd never felt away from the arena at all. Pulling a lose strand of her messy hair blown by the wind behind her ear, she smiled transparently at him and then pointed to the water beneath them. —Look! The otters are back! Remember how we hadn't sighted them for days before you left?—. Finnick's eyes moved just an instance to the otters before focusing back on Annie's sweet featured profile. —Ha! I suspected it. It's why I knew I'd found you here—his tone was gentle, loving. It made Annie feel at peace. She wiggled her toes inside the water. —How I wish I could be one of them—she muttered longingly. Finnick understood what she meant. Capitol—free, Games—free, just floating on the water beneath the sun…it did sound like quite a life. He slipped a taunted arm around the girl's skinny shoulders and pulled her to his side before she went down the dark path again. —Hey—he said cheerfully—How do you like the necklace I got for you?—. Annie blinked and only then did she remember the rope around her neck. Actually, it was a beautiful hand—made necklace of small white sea—shells. She pulled it in her hand to get a better look and smiled widely. No one would expect a man so deadly could actually made things so beautiful with the same hand he used to wield his trident. There was a lot more to Finnick Odair that only she and Mags could fully comprehend. It was another of the things about the copper—haired victor that made Annie feel special. —It's beautiful, Finnick—she breathed sincerely, smiling struck by sudden shyness—Thank you—. Her feelings for him confused her. Sometimes she thought she loved him. Others, she wasn't sure what the funny tingling in her fingers and toes whenever he was near meant. It was hard to determinate if it was really love or just simple adoration. It was hard for her to think hard on the limits. She guessed it was because of her "mentally disorientated" diagnosis (according to the Capitol experts, of course). Annie sighted internally. Valentine's Day was making her think particular hard on those ideas lately. It only made her get frustrated with herself for not been able to sort out anything inside her head. —I knew you'd like it—the man stood up and offered her a big hand she gladly accepted. Once she was on her feet, Finnick began climbing away from the rocks, and she followed him curiously. —Where are we going? What are we doing?—. He smirked over his shoulder. —Ever gone surfing, Annie?—. Surfing turned out not to be one of Annie's strengths. She spent more time falling off the board than gliding with it, but she didn't mind, because she spent even more time laughing while she choked with salty water. They'd been trying all day and Finnick wouldn't stop commenting how he'd never met someone as unbalanced at her, but every time he did so, he was smiling sweetly and helping her on the board again. This time, she flinched when she felt his warm body at her back. The board sank slightly with his weight. —We'll try this way—Finnick's voice whispered close to her ear. He had a wonderful voice that somehow managed to sooth and thrill Annie at the same time. Like hearing the ocean through a sea—shell. Finnick looked over his shoulder—Okay, listen. Here's comes a good one. Let's start paddling. Stan up when I tell you—. —But I'll just fall all over again—. Finnick smirked, the sinking sunshine made the drops of his face glimmer like diamonds and his hair shine like polished copper—Trust me. I won't let that happen—. The girl breathed in deeply, leaned over the board and started paddling with her hands. Finnick imitated her with perfect synchronization. Her eyes where fixed in the shoreline with concentration. She tried not to panic when the water started rising on the building wave behind them. —ANNIE!—Finnick shouted to make himself heard over the roaring of the wave closing over them—STAND UP!—. —BUT— —TRUST ME!—. The man's hands closed around Annie's wrists and pulled her up slowly. Annie's knees quivered so bad they were about to snap against each other. She tried to keep her feet firm over the slippery surface of the board. Finnick's fingers locked around hers and he helped her straighten up from her half—bend position. —It's okay, Annie—his breath tickled her ear lobe—I've got you. Look. You're surfing—. Annie dared to look away from her feet and blinked to shake off the droplets caught in her eyelashes. She felt breathless. They were soaring across the water, gliding over the wave like a king and queen. She could feel the immense power of the sea beneath the board. The idea of being somewhat in control of such force made her scream in delight. She even dared to let go of one of Finnick's hands and through a punch in the air, claiming her victory. —WOOOOOHOOO!—. Finnick joined her cheering, holding her tightly; not letting her fall. They could the foam from the crest of the wave out of the corner of their eyes now. A blue ceiling of roaring water shadowed over them. They were inside the tube of the wave, isolated from the rest world. It was cold. It was loud. It was amazing . Gently, Finnick outstretched one of their intertwined hands and sank the tips of their fingers inside the wall to their left. Their fingers left a slim, foamy trail in the water. The gravity of the wave made Annie's finger tingle. The warmth of Finnick's palm against the back of her hand did so too. When they came out of the water tunnel, they jumped into the water just before the wave crashed between them, plunging into the sea with shouts of joy. Annie opened her eyes, surrounded by blue, and smiled at Finnick in front of her, a trail of silvery bubbles escaping her lips. Her eyes glimmered, and despite the blurry vision under water, Finnick managed