Pain...blinding pain was all I could feel at the moment. I glanced around me to see two big figures holding down a third smaller figure. I tried to stand to aid the younger lad when a heavy fist made contact with the back of my head and I dropped like a stone. black dots danced infront of my vision as I hit my knees, another blow followed the first, and another after that one. right when I thought I thought I was about to lose consciousness the blows stopped landing and I heard a soft thud. I held my breath and glanced over my shoulder in fear to find my attacker but I was met with a welcome sight, a soldier wearing the crest of the royal army standing over the fallen form of a man in a black cloak. before I could ask the man anything he dashed over me and engaged the two men over the other boy i saw earlier. the two men pulled short daggers from their cloaks and lunged at the soldier but he made short work of them, a few swings later and the two were late for this world. the soldier ran his blade over one of the mens cloak and cleaned most of the blood of the blade then sheathed his sword. he shook the boy on the ground and whispered to him but the boy remained motionless. now that my attacker was no problem I actually got a good look where I was. I was in a pitch black cobblestone alley. I jumped to my feet and walked over to my saviour and the downed boy. I could hear the man whispering in the childs ear but I could only make out snippets of what he was actually saying. I didnt catch a few words that put me on edge "Get Up...Mi'Lord...escape...not safe...city" my mind reeled when i heard the mans words, why would they need to escaped the city? surely the man was so over exaggerating the situation a little. i glanced at the man, he was a tall man and quite large to, with dark hair and blue eyes. "Sir, if you don't mind me asking...whats going on?" I asked. the man just sighed loudly and continued shaking the boy on the ground. "An army of bandits have raided the city, and the castle has been compromised" i couldn't breath at the news, the city had been breached and there where bandits roaming the streets. suddenly i remembered how i got here in the first place. i was walking down the street, i had just come back from my friends house who lived up the street from me, and i was looking at the moon because it was a full and bright in the night sky when i heard a scream down an alley to my left. i sprinted down the alley to see what was wrong when i saw a boy my age being mugged by two strange men in cloaks. i turned to go get help when a man hit me in the back and i fell over. the man just gave up on shaking the boy and smacked him across the face. the boy shot awake sputtering and shouting. the man covered the boys mouth in haste as so we weren't heard by anyone in the streets. "quite your Majesty or you will attract unwanted attention" warned the soldier "oh thank the gods, Reece i thought those men were going to gut me" cried the boy "your lucky i managed to find you in time after you ran away from your guard like that" "where is Andrew?" questioned the lad "cut down by these bastards" raged the Reece "they attacked us in a swarm and Drew didn't make it out" "have they reached the castle yet?" asked the boy in fear "when i last saw the castle they were swarming it like flies to shit Mi'Lord" gravely said Reece the young noble broke down in tears as Reece seemed to finally remember they weren't alone in the alley. he grabbed the crying boy by his arm and pulled him to his feet. they marched over to me and ill admit it, i was scared shitless. "you better run boy, this city will be nothing but destruction soon" barked out Reece "Reece we must take this young fellow with us" commanded the young noble "we cannot, I was issued by the king himself to keep you safe and never let harm befall you" said Reece "this youngster will be nothing but dead weight in our escape" "when he heard these men attacking me, he ran down to help me." he boy motioned to me "he tried to help me of his own accord and ill be damned if we leave him to crows when he needs it" "fine, he can come with us but, if he slows us down" he looked at me hard "he won't be with us for long" I debated if I should go with them and then my thoughts ran to my father, the only family I had left yet was still in the city. "I'm sorry but I must go find my father, I cant leave him!" the young boy looked at me in sadness and he turned to have a word with Reece "Reece, we are going to help the boy find his father, and then we are getting out of here together" a single tear fell from the boy's eye "I lost my family, but we can still save his" Reece looked at me with nothing but distaste "let's go, QUCIK! if we cant find him soon we are leaving this place without him" Reece redrew his sword and started walking down the alley, i walked up to the prince "Hi, nice to actually talk to you. I'm Percy." I offered him my hand. he shook my hand and smiled at me "hey Percy, my name is Edward." I sputtered for a second. "do you mean...?" I could only stare at Edward "yes, I am who you think I am" he said with a sigh as he looked at the stars. this was officially the weirdest day of my life, first i met my friend to roam around the city and have fun, and then I find out that my home is being raided by bandits, and finally I was just casually talking to the heir to the throne of Tiyms Prince Edward the III. the conversation pretty much stopped after that as we followed behind Reece. he stopped and turned back to me "where is your father at?" he asked me while looking around for any enemies. "we live in the poor districts, he should be home from work by now" I informed the man "ok lads I want you to take these just in case, you shouldn't have to use these but anything could happen" Reece pulled a dagger and a short sword from his sheaths. he took a look at both of us, I looked considerably stronger than the prince so he handed me the sword and the dagger to Edward. I lifted the sword in front of my body and admired the blade, it was about 2 feet long and was made of what looked like steel. the sword had to outstanding feature, it just looked like a simple blade. we all ran down the street until we could see a bunch of houses, all looked to be close to falling down. shoddy made and barely livable, but it's all the poor of the city of Tiyms had to call home. as we were running by some of the houses all that could be heard was screaming and fighting. I tensed up and got an intense feeling of hatred for the bandits this district might not be much to most people, but to me...it's all I've ever known. I was looking at the houses we were passing looking for my house. we were running for several minutes but eventually, we found it , the roof was patchy and the place was falling apart but it was home. "there" I pointed at the house "he should be in there" Edward raised an eyebrow "this is where you live" his attitude pissed me off a little "yeah it is, we can't all live in huge castles" he looked down ashamed a little. "ok let's go try and find your father boy" spoke Reece for the first time in what felt like forever. As we approached the house i already had a bad feeling, there was no noise coming from my house...dead silence. Reece motions us to stay behind him and he walked towards the door, sword at the ready. he pushed open the door with his left hand and entered the house, us a few seconds behind him. when we walked into my home it was just like i remembered it, aside from the fact that everything was destroyed. the walls were covered in gashes and all the furniture was broken and lay in peices across the floor. it hurt to look at my home for all 10 years of my life. everything was broken. its was a relativly small house, it was two rooms big, with brown walls and hard wood floor. the door to the bedroom was kicked in and...i couldnt move. i was paralysed in fear, the door was covered in blood. Reece slowly continoued forward into the bedroom and he stopped in the doorway. he turned back to us and his face was grave. started walking back towards the front door or what was left of it. i stopped him and we just made eye contact for what felt like years but in reality was only a few seconds. "Come child, we must leave" he muttered and attempted to push me towards the door "no...what was in that room? he just looked at me "what was the room Reece" spoke Edward. Reece just let loose a long sigh. "Your father didnt make it Son" Reece wouldn't make eye contact "we need to leave while we can" "i have to see...i have to be sure Reece" he looked defeated when we waved me off "we will be outside...Percy, be ready to leave in a few minutes" i watched him drag Edward outside as i just looked at the door on the other side of the room. i wanted to go into the bedroom, but i just couldnt make my feet move. i was so scared at what i would find. i muscled up all my strength and started walking. i made it into the room and surveyed the scene, leaning against the far wall was my father, his kind eyes wide open and a thin trail of blood leaking out of his mouth. a wound split his chest from peck to hip, he was still and unmoving. bodies littered the room, four in total all with fatal wounds. tears started streaming down my face as it hit me like a sledgehammer. he was gone... the man that had made my whole life bearable, the man who always worked himself to the bone to make sure they could pay for their peice of shit house, the man who was lost after his mom died giving birth to him, the man who always smiled no matter how things where, the man who was his bestfriend, and was always there...would never be there again. i walked out of the room numb, i met Reece and Edward on the bckstreet near the entrance to my home. "Percy...i want you to know something, your father was a hero." he grabbed my shoulder and looked into my eyes "he fought four men on his own and slew them. i know how you feel right now, i lost my father at the age of thirteen, he fell in the wars with Pelon and I felt i couldnt go on anymore, but Percy...your