22 / 7 /16 ~ In which Legolas encounters a small, barb-tonged, insolent, green-eyed monster in a dress. Disclaimer: "The Lord of the Rings" is the property of J. R. R. Tolkien. I only claim ownership over Eleanor Dace, Rávamë (aka. "Tink"), and the subsequent plot of their story. A/N: Ok, I won't lie, I've been dying to write this scene from Prince Charming's POV for ages now. A ton of people have been asking me what he thinks of Ellie when they first meet, and why he acts the way he does, so maybe this will give you a little bit of insight. ;) Enjoy! A Green Eyed Monster Book 1 : Chapter 8.1 Legolas Thranduilion wanted nothing more than to develop sudden, spontaneous, and irreversible deafness. Indeed, crude as it sounded, he wondered briefly what is must be like to be an old mortal man, blessed with the ability to convincingly feign a lack of hearing to avoid irritating conversations. Or, perhaps, what it would be like to be void of the perception of sound all together, relieving any of the ability to even try and talk to him. Bliss, he thought grimly. It would be sheer, glorious bliss. "I must say, your highness," he heard for what had to have been the hundredth time in less than an hour, this time from a droning Lorien elf ambassador sitting on his left. "It is very much a surprise to see you here. I would have thought Lord Thranduil would not have wished to send an emissary of such importance to him as, ah, his only son. " Legolas tried very hard not to grit his teeth. Though at the rate he was going, the other Elves present might actually be in danger of hearing his jaw bones creaking together. Truly, if he had an acorn for every time he had heard those words since arriving in Lord Elrond's house but a few hours ago, he could have re-planted Mirkwood thrice over. However, instead of scowling and rolling his eyes skyward like an irritated elfling — much as he wished he could still get away with it — he smiled politely at the simpering emissary from Lothlórien sitting beside him. "Is the matter of one of the Enemy's greatest weapons resurfacing not dire enough to merit my father's personal interest in the issue?" he asked simply, with barely contained annoyance. The Lórien emissary looked momentarily baffled by the question, but had the decency to turn a bit pink and mutter out an acceptance of the point. Legolas turned away, silently praying to any of the Valar who would listen for the other Elf not to try and converse with him again. Instead he chose to focus his attention on the whole reason they were all there to begin with, Elves, Dwarves, and Men alike. Well, just one of the many reasons, truthfully. Every race of the free realms had heard through their various channels that a great weapon of the Enemy — potentially the greatest of any discovered — had been unearthed at last, and by a Halfling, no less. The dark-haired Hobbit in question was perched on the edge of a seat just three chairs to Legolas' right, the small figure's large, hair-covered feet dangling high off the floor. He was glancing nervously around the crowded, open-air Council hall like a spooked hare with wide, sky coloured eyes, looking very uncertain about how exactly he had got there. The more he looked at the twitchy looking Hobbit, the more Legolas struggled to believe that such a powerful weapon could have fallen so easily into the hands of such a small and helpless looking person. Then again, he knew from experience that the most dangerous of things often came in small and unimposing wrappings. Beside the Hobbit sat a face Legolas was a little more familiar with, though only from several decades prior; back when he had gotten a company of Dwarves into rather a lot of trouble with his father, Thranduil, the Men of the now destroyed Laketown, and a particularly gold-hungry dragon sleeping under a mountain. Gandalf the Grey — or as the Elves more commonly referred to him, Mithrandir * — was conversing quietly with Lord Elrond, who, in turn, was beginning to look steadily more impatient as the minutes ticked by. The meeting should have begun at least fifteen minutes ago, and the pressure building in the hall was only growing with every passing second. Whomever Lord Elrond was insisting they all wait upon, besides his own absentee apprentice, it seemed their presence was going to be of at least some significance. If only they would actually deign to show up, Legolas thought irritably, still attempting to avoid eye contact with any of his talkative kin. On the opposing side of the semicircle of chairs in the open air Council hall, seated with the emissaries of Men, Aragorn was leaned forwards his elbows resting on his knees, looking lost somewhere in the maze of his own thoughts. He appeared more stoic and troubled than ever before — which was something of an achievement considering how long he and Legolas had had to learn to each other's most minute expressions. Given any other occasion, Legolas and he would have likely gone to sit together, and the Elf would have already been asking the nagging question of what it was that troubled his friend so much. Alas, as an emissary of Mirkwood, it was his duty to sit amongst his own kin. And in turn, suffer the endless diplomatic small talk that came with them while they waited. One of the taller Elves, who had been standing and conversing with the other emissaries, suddenly swept towards him in a blur of golden hair, dropping elegantly into the chair on his right. "Legolas," the familiar, somewhat regal voice of Glorfindel jarred him rudely out of his brooding. "I was unaware it was you who would be here as the representative. It had been too long since I last had cause to visit the Woodland realm. How fares your father?" Stars, that question was truly getting tiresome. What Legolas would have given right then to have someone — anyone — to speak with who neither knew, nor cared, who he really was. "The same as he has ever been," Legolas answered with just enough of a false smile to pass as polite. His face was starting to ache from wearing it so much, but for Glorfindel, he would endure it. "He has become even more troubled lately. The current dangers continue to grow with each passing month, even within our own borders." Glorfindel gave him a prying look that said he knew Legolas was avoiding the point, golden eyebrows pinched over sharp, icy blue eyes. "Yet he chose to send his own heir as emissary in the stead of a messenger, despite the danger?" he asked, the tiniest dash of patronising scepticism leaking into his tone. Legolas decided that his temper could only stretch so far, and that it was probably safer for everyone in the room to pretend the insultingly probing question was rhetorical. Age-long friend of his family or not, he had absolutely no desire or patience left to tell Glorfindel that it had not been his father's decision at all for him to travel to Imladris. Or explain the particulars of why he, the King's only son, had pushed so hard to come as a representative instead of a court appointed ambassador. Glorfindel had just opened his mouth to continue talking when, at long last, the last two figures they had all been waiting on entered the Council hall. Immediately, everyone's attention was drawn to the pair, and Legolas had to suppress a sigh of relief to find he'd been spared from the other Elf lord's polite probing. When he, too, turned to look at the two figures who had just entered, however, he could do nothing but blink at what he saw. Lord Elrond's new apprentice — who they had all heard of before arriving — was not at all what he had been expecting. She was small, and surprisingly delicate looking, especially for an adult Elleth. A mere slip of a thing, barely visible beside the human warrior whom she entered with, his considerably larger frame obscuring much of hers from view. Legolas didn't think anyone in the room would have quite believed this to be the Master of Imladris' infamous new student until he addressed her as such after greeting the man at her side, a faint note of disapproval at their lateness. The mortal man — Lord Boromir of Gondor, as it turned out — looked just as surprised by the revelation, allowing the first proper view of her to the room as he turned to give her a look of genuine shock. Barely tall enough to be recognisable as an adult she-Elf, she had wide, fern green eyes, fair skin, and an upturned nose. Her wispy, chestnut hair seemed intent on catching the mild breeze even though it was mostly tied back in a loose braid, and she had an insolent little quirk to her lip that dimpled her left cheek. She was not exactly beautiful, at least not in the same way that Lady Arwen was, who was already seated to the right of her father. Even so, there was still something strangely pleasing about the shape of her face, and the tilt of her intelligent green eyes. She gave the man beside her a sheepish little rise and fall of a shoulder, along with a knowing smile, and it instantly transformed her face from merely pleasant to lovely. Beside him, Glorfindel had begun sending her what Legolas could only describe as a look of extreme disapproval since the moment she had entered the room, eyes narrowed and lips thinned. The apprentice caught the Elf lord's unfriendly stare after a second, and her small smile vanished. Her warm expression replaced itself with carful neutrality, and she quickly looked away, but Legolas saw the wary dislike there before she could mask it. Strange, he thought, glancing between her and his family's oldest friend. Avoiding the eyes of everyone else present — especially Glorfindel's — she took her seat to the left of her master, and Legolas momentarily wondered whether her legs were long enough to reach the floor beneath her long blue dress. "Strangers from distant lands, friends of old, you've been summoned here to answer the threat of Mordor," Lord Elrond's stern, commanding voice echoed through the room as they all fell silent. "Middle Earth stands upon the brink of destruction, none can escape it. You will unite or you will fall. Each race here is bound to this fate, this one doom." Lord Elrond, along with every other face else in the room, turned to gaze at the Hobbit, who was perched on his seat beside Gandalf and still looking more than a little uneasy about being there. "Bring forth the Ring, Frodo." For a brief moment, Legolas was a little concerned the Hafling was going to trip over his own large feet as he reluctantly slid from the chair and walked nervously up to the small stone plinth that had been erected in the centre of the room. He took something small and gold out of the pocket of his waistcoat and gingerly set it in the centre of the surface, before stepping hesitantly back towards his place beside the Wizard. All eyes fell upon the tiny glinting object he had left displayed before them all. A single, harmless-looking, gold ring. "So it is true," Boromir murmured near-silently as everyone in the room fell into hushed mutters at the sight of the little trinket. It really did look innocent enough — a simple, unadorned gold band, rather small in size for a man, but a little too large for a woman's hand. Except it wasn't innocent or harmless