Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Note: So how about that new Sam Claflin photoshoot? Lol. This though, uh, just randomly appeared. Something I have always been interested in is some family relationships outside of the Everdeens. Enjoy. OCEANIC ECHO Father I will always be That same boy that stood by the sea. "Can I come out on the boat today?" "I think you're old enough now. Hop on." I can't help but feel excited. My Dad's Captain of a fishing ship known as the Avid Angler. There's a lot of other fishing ships, but Mum always said that Dad catches the best fish. I'm yet to see the people down at the markets dispute this claim. He trades them down at the market, you see. Sometimes for oysters, other times for other rarer foods. I see the things he catches. They're always big and healthy, and people always smile when they see that they're good. Dad's even caught marlins before. I remember the first time he came back to the harbour with one. I was really young. The ship soon leaves. The smell of the sea is strong and almost overwhelming, even for me. The people are busy wandering about, checking nets – I like nets - and moving things. Some are asking Dad questions. The ship is busy, alive. There are even seagulls perched on the highest reaches of Avid Angler, waiting for the catches, waiting for the chance to steal to survive. Their shrieks reverberate in the wind. The boat rocks on the ocean. A wide smile blooms on my face. This is where I always want to be. Here, on a boat, with my Dad. Far away from Panem and on the ocean. Dad soon points to one of his crewmen, who is lifting a box and trying to multitask, "Go take that off his hands, would you?" I do, and the box is heavier than I expected, but nothing that I can't manage. The man thanks me and asks me to move some other things for him while he adjusts other mechanisms. When he comes back he asks, "Your name is going in for the Hunger Games this year, right kid? Are you prepared?" "I've trained a little." But only because it's sort of expected of me, living in a Career district. The man huffs something before wandering off again. I flock back to my Dad, watching him bark out orders and look out to the great sea. When everyone quietens down and as the boat slows, Dad hands me a harpoon and holds one for himself. He's trained me a little in how to use one, for fishing and for combat. My older brothers are much better at it than me, but I think with time I'll be alright at it. I like the nets and knots more, because it improves my chances by restricting the opponent. Dad takes me through a few standard strikes, the usual warm up. Disarming blows and finishing touches to animals and humans. He always says that he wants to make sure I know how to survive. "Remember, think of it as extensions of your arm. Always think about your moves. Don't ever let your guard down. You must survive," Dad says. I watch him as he flawlessly circles the harpoon above his head with a single hand. I try to do it myself with both my hands, but I fumble a few times; still, he seems pleased. The harpoon is heavy. "Sir," a man shouts, "We've found a large school of tuna." Dad puts the harpoon back down on the ground, but I hold onto the one he gave me. He tells me to practice a little more, to be careful and to watch what the men do, seeing as this is the first time I've been on the boat. I smile, running my fingers over the same metal spot of the harpoon in my hands, "I'll help where I can." "I hope your name never gets called for the Games, Finnick," Dad says softly, thereafter turning away. No matter how many times I remember Dad saying he hopes I never get called up two years ago... No matter how hard I wished that this was a dream, I still got called up. I've still had to do terrible things that will haunt me for the rest of my life, but entertain Capitol citizens for merely a year. It's become almost too easy to numb myself now towards the end of my Games. I've taken out more tributes than I care to admit, but I know I'll always remember the look on their faces before I tore their life from them. My mentor, a wonderful elderly lady named Mags, mentioned to me once that she still knows the last words of every tribute she killed. I wonder if I will too. It's easier to kill if I think about my family. That's all I want – I want to go back to my family. I want to go back on the boats with Dad. I want to remember the life I once had, not the one that I'm in now or will have to face if I leave this arena. I've seen some of the other victor's faces. Sunken, weary and drained. And I know that's my future now, if I'm fortunate enough to get out. When I drive the trident – a beautiful gift from sponsors in the Capitol – through the torso of a much older girl, I think about my future self. Will he be trying to relive the 'glory days' of his Games? Will he fight tooth and nail to stay in the spotlight, to milk the Games for all they're worth? Or will he crumble, with or without a crutch? Maybe he will grow a spine and learn to fight against this cruelty. Maybe it'll a combination of things. Maybe I will be manipulating them like they have manipulated an entire nation for sixty-five years. An echo of a wrongdoing. As the cannon sounds off and the sound of metal being pulled from flesh fills my ears, I know at least one thing that will happen to me once I am out of this stupid arena. I will surround myself with good people. So that I can at least spend the remainder of my days trying to make them happy, and their smiles will at least dull the ache in my chest. I will survive. I will survive for them. All I have to do now is wait for the other two tributes. Or wait for the Gamemakers to push us together or kill us themselves. Whichever comes first. All I know is, I'm ready. All I know is, I'm not going down without a fight. I want to see my family. I want to go back on the boats with Dad. I need the ocean. And I will hold onto those memories of sea salt spray and slightly burnt fish. I will hold onto them until my dying breath, or the relieved one comes. I know it'll be a long time before I remember how to breathe. Somewhere in the distance, I hear another cannon go off. Now there's just me and someone else. Someone else who will have to die so I can taste that sea salt and that slightly burnt fish again. Someone else who will have to die so I'll remember how to breathe. Soon. Dad, I'm coming home. Surround myself with good people, I said. Remember the sea salt spray, I said. It doesn't feel familiar to me anymore. The way Mum would slightly burn the fish, I said. It tastes strange now. The way that Dad's boat would rock because of the water and the joy that I used to feel when I'd be on it. At least that's sort of the same. Remember everything that was good, so I could go back to it when I got out. I still have nightmares, even though my Games were two years ago. I guess there was a part of me that expected that they would go away, to survive and recover completely. What a dumb thing to think. Mags has been a real help. She often hobbles to my house in the Victor's Village with a warm tea in the morning. But it's not that sort of thing that's disturbing me. This, this is new. This thing that President Snow makes me do because I'm so popular. These... pent up feelings that these Capitol people have for me, that I never noticed when I was younger... is new. Of course no one I care about knows. No one in my family, and not Mags. Because this is just one of those dirty little Capitol things that needs to be kept under the rug. Dad worries about me. There are marks, red lines sliding down my skin. Some of them are marks I've made to try and relieve the new itch that's presented itself. To try and get rid of the dirt that I swear I've removed ten times already. Their voices reverberate on my skin. And others are from... other people who tell me I'm handsome. Who tell me I'm special and that they love me. But people who love someone don't do things like this. "Finnick?" It's an effort to tear my head away from the waves. The wood grinds a little underneath my feet as I look to my Dad, who is standing there beside Mags. Mags raises her arm a little and gives a slight wave. They approach slowly, as though they're scared I'll jump off or flee. I admit I've considered running away, but where to? And how long for? At what cost? Everyone knows my face. Everyone knows my stupid goddamn face. Soon they are beside me. Mags finds my hand and grips it. Dad puts his hand on my shoulder. I look up at him and see nothing but concern. Maybe because I'm changing. Maybe because I've been forced to change. Because I sure don't feel like the Finnick that left District Four two years ago to become a murderer. "Everything alright, son?" I feel Mags squeeze my hand in an attempt to try and convince me to say something. But I don't. My lips are sealed shut. I won't risk my family because of sick desires that I have to endure. I'll be okay. I'll survive, because I survived the Games. Because I survived a hard enough life before hand. Because I can still survive my nightmares. "Still adjusting. Still surviving," I say, because it's all I can say. The words echo in my skull. They sound wrong. They feel wrong. But my whole life has been so very wrong from the moment I was Reaped. I can't bear to look at their faces. I feel Mags release my hand and her dejected and weary sigh cuts me deeply. I hear Dad mutter something unintelligible before they both walk away. I don't know I manage to stand there with my head held high. I don't know how I managed to not scratch my arms in their presence. Surround myself with good people so I have to deal with their disappointment. The water slowly rocks against the pier. I still remember the sound of disappointment in Dad's and Mags' voices. The way that I felt like I was suffocating because I couldn't say a thing, that it was a struggle to breathe and survive as it was. Because no one could truly help me. But it is worse now, much worse because people know. They don't know specifics, but they know now for sure that it's part of my job requirement, and has been for the past two years, that I'm to entertain and please whoever I'm told to. And I'm told to like it. The rumours have spread to every district, and no matter how hard I tried to push them out