Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Note: This was supposed to be a small oneshot. A SMALL. ONESHOT. AND THEN IT GREW INTO THIS. PSYCHOGENIC "I don't know you. I don't know you." When Finnick looks to the girl in the middle of her home, he furrows his eyebrows. How can she not know him? So he tries again, taking small steps towards her as she sits in the middle of the room, "Of course you know me. Don't be silly. Remember the rehearsals and the training? The Reaping? Sometimes I give you some of my catches..." She manages to throw a vase at him. It soars strongly through the air, but the aim is terribly off. It shatters against the wall behind him in an explosion of white. He gets the message, though, and stops where he is. She shouts at him again to get out and leave her alone, but he can't do that. Her voice has gotten Mags' attention from across the Victor's Village. She hobbles into the room, her cane in hand, and observes the situation. Finnick looks to her for support. She gingerly points at the poor girl and then out the door; so he speaks again, "Annie, come on now –" "Annie?" she sobs, curling up, " Who's Annie? Why are you both here? Get out!" "It's the day of the Victory Tour. Your stylists will be here soon and so will the cameras. You gotta be prepared." Annie does stand, but she starts screaming at them both. She finds enough hidden strength within herself to push Finnick away repeatedly, even though he'd made no further advances. Mags mumbles something, surprised, and manages to inch back out the front door and to the side as Finnick is pushed again. Annie is hysterical. Some of the other victors even briefly look out from their windows. They're different – they were volunteers, happy . The things she screams make them both frown. Questions, mainly, like who's Annie, why is she here, what is this place, who are they and why are they here; and of course I don't know you. The same phrases over and over until the medics come from the main town. Finnick tries again to calm her down, but she punches him in the jaw instead. The medics rush by him and grab Annie. He can tell that her arms will be bruised. She continues to scream and even manages to push a few of them off her before she runs back into her home. Finnick and Mags helplessly enter again, feeling their insides turn. One man finally has her on the ground. He has a needle and is trying to get it into her neck. He knows it's a sedative – he can tell by the colour in the glass casing that it's different to the stronger morphling, as he's seen it before during the Games. On victors, on tributes, only to relax , not knock out. It's not uncommon, but what is different is the sheer fight he sees in Annie. Finnick shouts, "Don't hurt her!" They don't. The needle sinks into her skin, and the effect is almost instant. Her voice rings clear just before she unexpectedly slips into unconsciousness. " I don't know you! " "It's not... unheard of for Victors to suffer from amnesia," one doctor says. Mags, alive with anger, somehow manages to gather up enough strength in her voice to speak clearly, though quietly, "And all of you never do anything about it." They have been in the Capitol for a few days. The Capitol can't have their most recent Victor being so sick on the Victory Tour. It's been postponed, and there are revisions for tighter control and restrictions on where she goes, what she says and what she does. Finnick hears a lot of what the people around him are saying, but all he can do is look at her lying there on a bed, metres away. It's been five years since his Hunger Games. He's lost every single tribute – his own, or ones he tried to befriend that belonged to others, like Mags' - that walked through those doors except for Annie Cresta. He'd felt a sense of pride when he watched her not kill a single tribute; but he'd also felt fear because no one cared for a bloodless tribute. She's only here because she was lucky. She only survived to this point because he'd begged sponsors for their help. Anything. Anything. Anything, to the Capitol, meant him. And as he'd done for the past few years to protect those he loved, he conceded, being used and held for a night just so Annie would receive a jacket or some food. As he watches Annie stir slightly, he wonders what else he has to do to stop her from suffering like others did. To stop her from being unable to concentrate on anything, like Woof from District Eight. To keep her away from morphling addiction, like the pair from District Six; and away from alcohol, like Chaff from Eleven and Haymitch from Twelve. It's not that Annie is special. He's sure that she is in some way, but he can't see it because he doesn't really know her. All he sees is another human being who was unfortunate enough to become a tribute. She didn't volunteer, and no one wanted to take her place. And at this point, he couldn't stand watching people he knew die anymore, even if he wasn't their mentor. It'd been too late to save the boy – he'd been beheaded within hours after leaving the Cornucopia with Annie. He just wants to help. Annie bolts upright, shrieking. Finnick crosses the distance just as she covers her ears and rocks back and forth slightly. She even drags her nails down her face, leaving red marks. He grips her wrists and tries to pull them away, but she doesn't budge. He eventually thinks that she must be in the arena again, in her mind. The doctor comes, scribbling down notes onto his paper and ready to sedate her, but Finnick tells him to leave it. Sedating can't be the answer to everything. The doctor scoffs at him but backs off anyhow, intrigued to see how the events pan out from here. In the end Finnick's right, because she stops rocking, places her hands in her lap, and looks up at him as calmly as the day he met her, "Hello Finnick." "Are you alright?" he asks. "Why am I in the Capitol?" He hesitates, "You don't remember anything?" Annie says the last thing she remembers is getting out of bed to get ready for the Victory Tour. She tries to recall anything after putting her clothes on, but nothing comes to mind. She furrows her eyebrows, confused, and looks down to her hands, "It's a big blank. I'm sorry." Mags is beside him now, reaching out to clasp both of Annie's hands with one of her own. She squeezes them tightly and offers her a sympathetic smile. Mags then looks at Finnick, who puts his own hand atop the growing pile. They'll get through this. The pain, the memories and what's to come. Finnick keeps a much closer eye on Annie during her Victory Tour. She seems okay in Twelve and Eleven. In District Ten, she only just manages to get out the rest of her dull speech before she begins to stare into space. Never at the dead tributes' families, and not even at the crowd. Just in the air, as though she's trying to take herself away from where she is or bring something back. Finnick has to walk out onto the stage and lead her away by her arm, back into District Ten's Justice Building. Her team fusses over her appearance again, commenting on how her hair just won't sit still and that they'd need some kind of spray to make sure it doesn't move again. Annie's escort starts to berate her for this sudden mental shutdown, but when she realises that Annie's not even listening, she leaves. Mags just looks at her, clearly concerned that she'll suddenly forget who they are once more. But Annie does come back, bright-eyed and confused as she looks around. She's about to turn and go back outside before Finnick catches her arm. Mags shakes her head, and Annie seems to understand a little better then, "I'm done with my speech?" A nod, "Okay... Okay." Districts Nine, Eight and Seven don't care for what she has to say, and it's understandable. No one wants to hear what a Victor has to say because it's been said before. Thank you for your tributes. The Capitol is grand. How lucky it feels to be alive and the pride it brings. It never sits right with the people, but it's something that can't be avoided. In Six she phases out again, but it's for a much shorter period of time. Finnick smirks when she disguises it as a pause for the dead. When they're back inside, he's pulled aside to receive some information on a particular client he's to see when he returns to the Capitol; and when he looks back at Annie, he sees the morphlings approaching. They look worse every time he sees them. Their faces are sunken and their teeth are yellowing. He pities them because they're almost like they are forgotten Victors; but he feels anger thrum through his veins when he sees the male offer Annie some morphling. Something she should never have like they do. "It helps to numb the pain," he says, gingerly placing it in Annie's small hands. His eyes are kind and he means well, but Finnick is ready to march over there and knock the vial and needle to the ground. He doesn't have to, though, because Mags, who has a deep frown on her face, beats him to it. The items shatter as they hit the tiles, snapping him back into a sense of place. "The Minister of Education has requested your services after the Capitol party stop," the man growls, stuffing a small card into his hands, "It's advised that you're on time. She's a hard woman to please." Finnick merely nods. The messenger leaves, and he returns to Mags and Annie. They're all ushered away to another dinner. As they approach District Five, Finnick notes again that Annie's covering her ears and is rocking back and forth a little. Mags has put both her hands on Annie's shoulders, trying to shake her out of it, trying to stop her. Her escort keeps proclaiming that it's an act before muttering about something else. Annie's stylist is yelling that they need to get a move on, and it's that that makes Finnick snap, saying, "You don't have anything to worry about except making sure she looks good. You don't have to relive your bad dreams. How about you go and plan her outfits for the coming districts instead of making things worse?" "Who are you?" Finnick's blood runs cold. He turns and finds Annie openly staring at Mags. She then jumps from her seat and looks around, spotting him, "You again? I thought I told you I don't know you." "Annie, Annie, please," Mags begs softly. Unlike last time, she doesn't explode. She looks back to Mags and frowns, confused, "I don't know who I am. Am I Annie? Is that my name?" Mags nods and places her hand over Annie's chest, "Annie." Then the usual questions come – where, why, and so on. Finnick knows that it's an effort for Mags' to speak, and she's never been very loud, but he watches as she manages to explain to Annie what's happening around her. Annie vehemently states that she can't remember anything, but Mags mentions that that's okay. She doesn't have to. "When this train stops, all you have to do is go outside and read from some cards that'll be given