AN: This story is inspired by and based on Autumn of the Witch by Anne Mather. Disclaimer: I neither own Twilight nor Autumn of the Witch. No infringement intended. Chapter One Edward Cullen was a ruthless business man who knew what he wanted and was not afraid to get it no matter the cost. At forty he stood at six feet five inches and had a commanding presence about him, he could always turn heads just by entering a room. He had gorgeous green eyes on a well defined handsome face, his untamable bronze hair and tall muscular built completed his gorgeous physique and he had a face and body that made men jealous and women drool, with desire and lust. His good looks, devilish charm and immense wealth made him the object of many fantasies. Edward had always known the effect he had on others especially those of the fairer sex, and had been using it to his advantage all his life. When he was a teenager he used his looks and charms to woo the girls in his school and sometimes even the divorced mothers or wives of husbands who were too busy to satisfy their wives. Later in life he used his charm and influence to dominate in business and rose to the top, where he very much intended to remain. Walking into his home office he saw his right hand man and long time friend Peter Marshall sitting there waiting for him. After greeting his employee, Edward never one to beat about the bush got right down to business. "So Peter tell me, how are things going with the SWA deal?" "Straight to the point as usual I see." Peter said as he leaned back in the chair he was sitting in. "I've never seen the need for beating about the bush; my time is very much too precious to waste." "Well I was able to make offers to Mrs. Swan and Mrs. Evans. – Swans wife and his sister, both women were open to selling their shares and are willing to work on a deal with you." Peter informed his boss. "That's wonderful. You did great as always Peter. I always knew I could count on you. I hope you didn't find it too hard to do." Edward said as he took a cigar from his drawer and offered one to Peter. "Edward you know I take no pleasure in this kind of business." Peter said as he took the offered cigar and lit it. "Did you find out anything useful?" "Mrs. Swan is drowning in debts and is likely to accept anything we offers, she seems to have little to no loyalty to her husband and his business. Swan's sister – Julia Evans has had a tense relationship with her brother for years, apparently they had never been very close but they got even worse when Swan married his new bride within months of the death of his late wife. Apparently the first Mrs. Swan was best friends with Julia, and Julia was actually the one who introduced them to each other. The siblings had a big falling out, as she thought he remarried too soon and she did not and still does not like Renee – the new wife. So of course she will take a good offer for her shares especially if it means going against her brother who if fighting dearly to hang onto the company." Peter informed Edward of his findings. "Ah, a little family drama I see, well all the better for me. Have you gone over the contract?" Edward asked as he pulled on his cigar before puffing out the smoke. "I have and I have to say it doesn't look good for Charlie Swan, the poor man stands to be kicked completely out of his company." Peter said feeling bad for the poor unfortunate man. "He made his bed now he has to lie in it. He is the only one responsible for this; I wanted to have a nice clean merger right from the start. But he thought he could be smart and tried to under hand me and this is what happens to him as a result. I make no apologies for the actions I was forced to take. Swan has no one but himself to blame for his foolish business decisions." Peter had to admit that Edward was right, Swan Western Airlines had been slowly declining in business and profits had increasingly dropped over the last four years. Unfortunately for Swan he was about to find out the kind of man he tried to trick. Edward was not a man to be messed with, he could break a man before he even knew what hit him and as such was not someone to be messed with. People quickly learned that when Edward wanted something nothing and no one could stand in his way, he was definitely a force to be reckoned with. "Peter I can tell that you have no interest in this kind of business and take no pleasure in carrying it out, so I will take care of it from here on out." Edward offered. "I can do it." Peter said not wanting to be perceived as weak. "I don't doubt you capabilities Peter. But I need someone who is not afraid to make the tough call." "I assure you Edward I can handle it." "I am aware, but I will still be taking over. You will of course be accompanying me, the next time we meet with them." Edward said. "What exactly are your intentions Edward?" Peter asked his boss, he knew that whenever Edward was this intent on getting something he always had a reason that was not always obvious. "I want certain connections that will be given to me with access to SWA. However I have no intention of letting Swan become aware of this. That way we can afford to be blasé about the whole deal, no pressure on our side." "I'm confused, what do you plan on doing?" Peter asked, lost as to what his boss was playing at. "I intent to stretch out the deal, have a little fun." Edward answered nonchalantly. "Don't tell me you plan to bankrupt the man?" Peter asked, fearing the answer. "Goodness no, even I'm not that ruthless and heartless. I just plan to play with him a little; scare him. He has given me enough trouble already as it is. I think it's time we give him a little trouble see how he handles it." Edward said a mischievous smirk spreading across his face. Peter knew that look all too well it meant that Edward Cullen was up to no good. He pitied the poor fool who Edward intended to mess with in this and case that poor fool happened to be Charlie Swan. "Edward surely it is enough that you plan to take over the man's company whether he likes it or not." "This is nothing but a game of business Peter, Charlie Swan needs to learn that he is playing with the big boys now. He needs to learn that I could crush him if I wanted without as much as a second thought. But, I'd like to believe I am above that. So we will not cheat him out of his company, what we are offering them is more that generous." "I guess you have a point." Peter conceded. "Come now enough with all this business talk, I can see that it is wearing you down. Let's go visit Lizzie I am sure she will be delighted to see you." Standing up from his chair Peter looked to his boss smiling for the first time since they began their discussion. "It never ceases to amaze me how you can go from talking about bringing down your competitors one minute to suddenly being Lizzie's doting father the next. You give me whiplash with the sudden change." Laughing at the comment Edward turned to his friend and employee. "I don't intend to have Swan waste my money or my time Peter. But do tell, is it the captivating Mrs. Swan that has you hesitating to pull the punches Peter, I have never know you to be so conscionable about a business deal before." Edward teased. "I barely know the woman, I am sure you have a more extensive knowledge of her than I do." Peter said as a deep blush spread across his face. "I guess I may, but we can both admit that she is significantly younger than that husband of hers. So it is not hard to imagine that she may need someone to give her a little excitement. I doubt Swan can handle woman like her." Edward said with a mischievous glint in his eyes and a grin on his face. "I am sure she realized how much older than her he was when she married him. After all she is not his first wife; he had already been married before with a daughter." Peter said, blushing even more at what Edward was not so subtly implying. "Well then if it was not Renee Swan that caught your eyes maybe it was Isabella Swan, the daughter of Charlie Swan that has caught your interest…." "I am not interested in Swan, his wife or daughter. So please let's change the subject. I thought we were going to visit Lizzie. That is a much more enjoyable way to spend my time than gossiping with you." Edward decided to drop the subject for now, as he led the way out of his study and towards Lizzie's nursery. Elizabeth Cullen was an enchanting child. At three years of age she was small and slender and extremely feminine. This was all thanks to her grandmother – Esme Cullen who made sure that even though she lived in another continent and without a mother she never lacked a female influence in her life, especially with all the shopping they get done whenever she visits her granddaughter, who was living too far away in her opinion. Elizabeth's complexion matched that of her father's, just as her long silky hair had the same bronze color as her Father and grandmother. Her green eyes were big and bright in her small face and her features, bearing a striking but feminine resemblance to her father, charm and all. She was all Edward, there were very little signs of her mother in her; something her father was thankful for everyday. Lizzie was the only person in Edward's eyes who could do no wrong, his entire world revolved around her, and yet she was not a spoilt child. Lizzie was in the nursery with her nanny, Emily West, and when her father opened the door her enormous green eyes lit up with happiness as they darted to his matching green eyes with great excitement. Then she left what she was doing forgotten as she ran to fling herself across the room and into his arms. Edward caught her up in his strong arms, swinging her high into the air before allowing her to fall against his chest where she wound her arms around his neck and hugged him. "Hey Lizzie bear," he exclaimed, "Peter is here. Are you going to greet him?" Lizzie lifted her head from her father's shoulder her eyes twinkled at Peter as she saw him for the first time since they entered the room. "Hello, Uncle Peter," she said smiling. "Have you come to stay with us?" She asked her pseudo uncle. Peter glanced down at Edward who was now bending down to Lizzie's height. "For a little while," he replied gently. "But you are looking particularly lovely today, Liz. Is that a new dress?" Lizzie glanced down at the daisy covered sundress she wore. "Grandma bought it for me." She said a big smile gracing her beautiful face. "Do you like it?" She asked as she gave a little twirl. "I do, it's