Hey I have decided that Ii am going to do a new story. It's called Camp Reactions so the description basically describes what it will be about. This first chapter is going to be Katie Gardner's POV-ish on the end of the Titan War. I worked really hard on this (four hours to write) so I hope you enjoy it! ;) Disclaimer~ I do not own the Percy Jackson Series. It all happened so fast. Kronos marched up to the Empire State Building, there was barely enough demigods to hold him a small horde of monsters, let alone the entire army. Chiron stood between the campers and the killers. Katie held her breath as he charged and almost sobbed as he was kicked back against the wall with it crumbling all around him leaving him buried. Annabeth then let out a yell of fury and the freezing charm broke. While Kronos was busy Katie and the Stoll's ran to the side a building and grabbed as much minimally injured demigods as they could. Thirteen. There were only seventeen campers and hunters out of the eighty that started. Seventeen. Quickly shuffling down a ambrosia square and running back to the battle only to find Percy holding Annabeth back from Lu-Kronos. Kronos. "I HATE you!" If she was talking to Luke or Percy Katie had no clue. The daughter of Demeter always felt bad for Annabeth, by demigod standard she had it bad. She didn't know much but from what she did know was that her mortal life was so bad that she ran away at seven years old. Then she found Luke and Thalia, to which Thalia got turned into a tree (which she was saved from five years later to only leave a few months later to join the hunt) and Luke later betrayed the only place she considered a home. He betrayed her. But then Percy came around. When the two were not on quests they were sneaking off to go on one. They snuck off to the sea of monsters, (crazy in her opinion), Percy snuck off to save her, and then on her quest everyone thought he was dead. And now the great prophecy is unraveling, and it looks like Percy isn't going to survive it. So yeah, Katie feels bad for Annabeth. While thinking all the of a sudden Nico shows up. Riding a hellhound. With Hades. And Persephone. And Demeter. That is when, quite literally, all Hades breaks loose. The Morpheus spell was broken off except for around the base of the building. The final battle had begun and one way or another the prophecy would come to an end. Katie and her fellow demigods got to work slicing monsters with the help of Nico, the three gods, and the army of the dead. Kronos and a demigod entered the Empire State Building, entered Olympus. Percy, Annabeth, Thalia, and Grover quickly followed. But Katie couldn't concentrate on that, only on the tasks ahead. Keep her friends and family alive and kick Kronos army's butt. The battle momentarily stopped for a split second to look up to see chucks of walkway falling and dissolving from Olympus. One thing was for sure the four demigods will be getting no help from anyone soon. The enemy army cheered before a new found anger took over everyone demigod and god. They were not going to watch as Olympus slowly crumped. They were going to kill as much monsters as they could as long as they could. All the demigods let out a cheer to rival the enemy's, actually even more impressive with the three gods joining in as well. And soon Katie was whirling around slicing everything she could. In the distance she could hear "BRICK BY BRICK!" being bellowed but she didn't care. She just cared about slicing, turning, jabbing, blocking, whirling, and stabbing. The monsters numbers were still endless by the time the body fell through the sky. It was small a frail as it fell weightlessly through the sky. A sobb almost escaped her mouth as she watched it break against the hard ground a block away. Please not one of my friends! She prayed, I've lost to many already. Mother please tell me it's not Percy, Annabeth, Grover, or Thalia. A sudden pathy cleared giving her a full view of her Mother waving her hand and turning a small horde of monsters into dandelions. Her mother made sudden eye contact before shaking her head slightly then returning to battle. It wasn't one of them! Oh thank the gods! She was about to cry out in relief when gold dust exploded, caking her in monster dust. She turned around to find a middle age woman with brown hair, greying slightly, and lively blue eyes. "Watch it dear. That one almost got you." "Thank you." She quickly said while stabbing another monster, back to back with stranger. "No problem dear. You seem to be a daughter of Demeter so why don't you quickly try turning the weapons around us into a flower, then we can take the monsters out easier." OH MY GODS! She completely forgot about her powers. Quickly closing her eyes and feeling a deep feeling in her guts, and then she suddenly was looking at about fifty monster holding daffodils. She and the lady quickly eliminated the confused monsters. The suddenly the lights were getting dimmer as a vast figure approached the Hudson River. Typhoon. They were screwed , she thought. Even though she couldn't see him clearly she knew she didn't want to. Curling around him she could see the occasional chariot breaking out of the clouds surrounding him. Everyone, Olympic and Kronos army alike, stood there dumbfounded for a few moments until a blast lit up the world. The few centaurs that returned to battle turned and fled, along with a few dozen monsters. The fight continued and Katie caught a glints of Typhoon stepping into the river, barley sinking to mid calf, when something new temporary stopped the battle once again. A couch horn went off. The call of Poseidon. The demigods cheered before going back into battle mode but also watching as a giant wave swept out of the river encasing the giant. Even from a distance Katie could see Poseidon riding the wave in a chariot pulled by a giant Hippocampus. "NOW MY BRETHREN! STRIKE FOR OLYMPUS!" Was heard all the way across town. More giant cyclopes burst out of the water throwing things at Typhoon. Soon Typhoon was sinking lower and lower until he disappeared. All Olympus allies cheered loudly while most of the remaining enemy turned and fled while the rest were striked down. As the last monster was turned into a pile of smoke the remaining demigods and hunters turned and watched as Olympus shook violently, the three gods then transported themselves to Olympus, probably to join the others. Everyone started to resort the injured as the remaining Apollo cabin members started to fix them the best they could. Everyone kept looking up to Olympus for a sign, any sign on what was happening up there. It was almost an hour before they got anything. Most injured camper and hunters were bandaged up when the top of the Empire State Building light up blue. Katie didn't understand what it meant until someone cried out. She turned to find the woman she battled with crying hugging another man. Katie usually would have minding her own business but she was confused at to why the top of the building being blue would make someone cry out in joy. She walked over to the woman join in on the group walking over there, consisting of Clarisse, Will, Jake, Travis, Connor, Malcolm, Nico, Pollux, and Chris. "What it it Sally?" Nico asked concerned. Oh so this is the famous Sally , she thought. She knew everything about Sally, mainly because Percy never shuts up about her. "P-P-Percy's a-a-live!" She sobbed out before burying her head into the man's shoulder again. All the demigods cried out in relief. Katie immediately started crying. Travis hugs her and soon everyone's joining in on their group hug. Everyone crying in joy and celebrating, at the same time as crying in despair and grieving over the deaths of so many. A small cough breaks them apart. They all turn to look at Hermes, He is smiling but it looks worn and almost fake. They scramble into a bow to which Hermes lets out a small laugh. "No need to be so formal, I'm just here to let you know they want all war heroes in the throne room immediately." With that Katie and the others look away as Hermes revealed his true self and toke the fast way to his throne. "Was that a god?" The man Sally was still hugging asked her. "Yes Paul that was Hermes-" Katie didn't really hear the rest of the conversation as the campers and hunters rushed to the elevators. As quickly as they possibly can they stuff all 25 campers, 12 hunters, and a handful of nature spirits and satyrs into a single elevator ride. Once they reach Olympus they all but charge into the throne room. Upon entering Katie immediately sees a mop of black hair talking to his father, the daughter of the sky on crutches, Tyson and Grover standing to the side watching Percy. When she doesn't see Annabeth Katie's heart clenches tightly. Please no. Not Annabeth, she deserved a good life. She suddenly broken out of her trance when Thalia hoppels over. Immediately she is bombarded by questions, mainly what happened. "Kronos is gone. L-Luke sacrificed himself for us. He died a hero. Ethan, a son of Nemesis, was the one who fell through the hole. He also died a hero by trying to kill Kronos." Everyone stood there shocked for a moment. Luke sacrificed himself in the end. It was too much to process. The gods started to walk to their thrones so Katie quickly blurted out a question she needed to know. "Where's Annabeth?" She asked worriedly. "She fine." All the demigods let out a huge breath of air, "I wasn't in the room when this all went down but from what I know she just passed out after from her injuries. But she fine, Apollo helped her." She added in afterthought to the campers horrified expressions. "POSEIDON!" Zeus suddenly yelled making everyone jump. "Well Poseidon?" Zeus grumbled, "Are you too proud too join us in the council, my brother?" Surprisingly the sea god did not get mad, only winked at Percy and said "I would be honored, Lord Zeus." Once Poseidon sat down Zeus started a speech about the bravery of the gods Annabeth walked in and Katie sighed in relief seeing her walking and getting a stern look from Hera. Normal Annabeth things. Zeus quickly, and painfully by the looks of it, thanked his brothers for their help then started to thank us demigods. First he called his daughter and promised to help fill her ranks. She quickly bowed after and limped over to stand by Lady Artemis. Next was Tyson, he was appointed the General of the Cyclopes Army and granted a new stick. Grover came forward next. Once hearing he had became a member of Council of Cloven Elders from Mr. D he passed. When being carried away it was also announced he would become the Lord of the Wild. After was Annabeth. When Athena called out her name she went to bow at her mother's throne. Once rising again she was announced Official Architecture of Olympus. Katie and the other campers all shared a knowing smile. Everyone knew Annabeth wanted to become a architecture, and now she was, for Olympus no less. She walked back to Percy as if by a trance. She slowly started speaking to him, shock still apparent in her eyes, when Poseidon bellowed out, "PERCY JACKSON!" His name echoing around the chamber. The