Summary: Ever hear the saying everything's perfect until it's not? Well that implies to Percy, Annabeth and Grover's life right now. Every since a son a Demeter entered the picture. Now they watch as everyone in camp turns their back on them and they are sucked into world. As they struggle to make their life's up again back home struggle even more under a unseen theat. Classification: Chaos story Parings: Percabeth Rating: T Ever hear that saying everything's perfect until it's not? Yeah well as demigods that basically is our life's motto, the moment everything seems peaceful or survivable the Fates throw a wrench in your plans. Weather it's a God, Titan or, in my case, a certain son of Demeter. When George first stepped over the boarded I thought nothing of it. He was sixteen (a year younger than me) he had raven black hair and earth brown eyes. He was extremely handsome with his sharp jaw and hot six pack (or so the Aphrodite girls say) but I couldn't see past his ugly attitude. He was a complete asshole. He was cocky, bitichy, selfish and arrogant. So basically he was nothing compared to my seaweed brain. But he didn't show he true colours until a few weeks later. On the tour of camp he seemed nice enough, I guess he was still adjusting. The only thing that threw me off was him saying that always knew he was special. But I didn't think about it much, I mean who doesn't think they are special. One week later Percy came back from visiting New Rome. All of his friends and a few people that heard of him, that included George, ran up the hill to greet him. As soon as he saw me he dropped his bag and ran over to give me a big kiss. Everyone cat called and whistled while me and Percy waved them off on perfect sync. After a good five minutes we broke apart and Percy contiuned to greet everyone. Percy greeted George lastly the briefly shook hands, Percy smiling widely and George scowling. "So you're the great Percy Jackson. I expect... more." Percy smile dropped for a few second before he shrugged and walked back to me and Grover. "What was that about?" Grover questioned. Percy glanced over his should at the son of Demeter, who was talking to everyone else, and shrugged. About a week Percy, Grover, and I were walking along the beach, and Percy was smiling like an idiot. Finally I couldn't take it anymore and asked him why. His reply was simply, "I've been at camp a whole week and not one girl has flirted with me, they are all over the new kid." He said happily. I thought for a second and realized he was right. Both mine and Grovers eyebrows shoot up in surprise. "That's the first time in over..." "A year." He finished for me proudly. We all laughed loudly before continuing our walk. The very next day the comments started. George keep making snarky comments here and there about Percy. Percy just shrugged them off, he's gone through the routine before (or so he tells me), but I couldn't. What was he up too? About a week later when the comments weren't enough the rumours started. A bunch of rumours were spreading around camp about Percy. And let me tell you they were not nice. Some where that Percy hated teaching people beneath his level in sparring, that they were a waste of time. Or that he thought that he was the best and everyone else just followed him along like lost puppies. The first to turn on him were everyone who didn't know Percy well. They started to despise him. It got to the point that they hated him so much that they would refuse to let him teach them swordplay. They wanted George instead, even though he was a beginner too. Percy immediately stopped, not wanted to upset them even more. Even though he never said it I knew it was upsetting him, he loved teaching. About a three weeks after George came to camp him and Percy were sent on a quest together to retrieve a demigod. Later that night the son of Demeter walked across the border carrying a seven year demigod and dragging Percy, who was passed out. Immediately he claimed "Percy was so scared he fell and knocked himself out and I had to take down the Minotaur with my bare hands." That night as Grover and I sat in the infirmary with a unconscious Percy everyone else celebrated 'heroic George'. Percy woke up the next day with a slight concussion. When we asked him about what happened he claimed that there was a hellhound following the three and the little seven year old and George got scared and ran behind a tree. He quickly killed it before getting whacked in the back of the head and blacking out. I glance at Grover for a second before he nodded, indicating Percy was telling the truth. Percy noticed the exchange and we explained what George had said. "I thought he was lying last night." Grover claimed after I finished my story. "But why would he?" I asked. "I don't think he likes me much." Percy stated. "Do you think it's because everyone respects Percy so much? Because he's so well liked?" Grover question. "I honestly have no idea." Things sort of quieted down after the quest. I mean yes rumors were going around like wildfire and yes all the newbie hated Percy guts, but he still had all his friends and he was fine. I don't think George liked that. After three days of semi-peace things turned around and took a nosedive. Slowly one by one by one our friends broke off. First it was Jason after Percy said 'that Rome was lucky that Jason left and he took over' and more. Soon that relationship fizzed out. Next was Piper. After Percy made a comment on how Piper and Jason relationship was doomed from the beginning (which it really was, they moved too fast because of the war and once everything settled down they found out they really didn't like each other and had a terrible break up.) and that Jason was lucky to be out. Leo left when a comment on how his moms death was his fault floated around. Katie, Travis, Connor, Will, Jake, Hazel, and Frank all broke off within a week. So Percy was left with Clarisse (shocker I know), Chris, Thalia, Rachel, Nico, Malcolm, Grover, and I. Then came the rumour spread about Rachel. It's too bad, I can't even say it. And let's say from there the right of us were down to seven. When slams went out about Chris him and Clarisse left. Then Nico left after Percy apparently said Bianca's death was all because of her brother. That along with another gossip story about her and Luke turned Thalia against him after getting kicked out of the hunters. And so he was left with three others. But then the worst of all came out. Percy was spotted cheating on me, apparently him and Chelsea (an annoying daughter of Hecate) were caught making out in the woods by several people. After that I lost faith. What if everyone else was right and I was just blind, I thought. In losing me Percy also lost Malcolm. The only he was still friends with Percy was because he trusted me. After Percy cheated all respect went out the window. Percy tried talking to me many times but I ignored him. "If you want me to talk to you next time don't cheat!" "But Annabeth I didn't!" "BULLSHIT!" After that I pretty much stormed away. About a week after that incident I was sitting in the meadow of the Council of Cloven Elders when George came at sat by me. "Are you okay?" He asked sweetly. When I didn't answer, or even look for the matter, he sighed. "You know I was dating Chelsea, right? She cheated on me too, you're not alone in this." That caught my attention. Finally I looked over my eyes burning slightly. "I know a way to get them back." He said starting to lean in. I heard a twig snap in the background but I was to occupied to notice. Right before his lips touched mine I pulled back. "I-I'm sorry. B-but I have to go." I rushed out before sprinting back to my cabin. I layed in my bed for half and hour just thinking about everything. Grover walked in without me even noticing. For a half goat he can sure be stealthy. "You know he would never cheat on you right?" He said startling me out of my thoughts. I burst into laughter, "Yeah right. Listen I know you're his best friend but you can't even ignore the fact that five people saw him." I say quietly at the end. "Do you really think I would still be friends with Percy if he was lying? There's a reason why I'm staying by his side, even though everyone hates him, even though Juniper broke up with me because I was friends with him, even though Chiron is now starting in dislike him. The only reason why I stick by him," His voice dropped to just a whisper now. "is because I can read emotions, and I know how to sense someone is telling the truth." I was quiet for a bit trying to let the information sink in. I was such an idiot but still, "What about Cara, Mark, Sky, Tiffany, and Rob? They all saw him." "Percy's not the only one with black hair." And with that he left. I say the for who knows how long. I finally snapped out of my thought when Malcolm shook my shoulder. "Hey you should get some rest, were all going to bed now." "I can't, I have the find Percy!" "Annabeth no. You don't have to listen to a word that filthy cheating-" I didn't hear the rest cause I was running out the door toward cabin three. Without even knocking in barged in startling Percy. His eyes widened at the sight of me, I mean I have been either avoiding or yelling at him for the past week. His hair was in knots, he had dark bags under his eyes, and he looked as if he hadn't eaten in a week. Before he could say anything I surged forwards and kissed him square on the lips. He was too shocked to even kiss back. But after about minute the shock wears off and he finally kissed back. "Annabeth.." He said pulling back while holding my cheek. "Sh... I'm so sorry I should have known you would never cheat. I-I don't know.." "Annabeth it's okay. If the tables were turned I would have reacted the same way. But what's with the sudden change of heart?" "Grover." "Ahh..." He stretched out playing with one of her curls. Suddenly he stopped and dropped his hand the fidget with the helm of his shirt, a sign that he's upset. "I-I just want to say that whatever happened when.. um... you know... I don't care about. All that I care about is that I love you." He said not meeting my eyes. All of a sudden it hit me what he was talking about. "You were in the woods today." He nodded. "I saw you and George kissing, but I want you to know that I don't care, I-" "I didn't kiss him. He tried to kiss me but I couldn't." Finally Percy looked up. "Why?" He question completely shocked. "I could do that to you. Even though I thought you cheated on me I still couldn't bring myself to do it." "Why?" He repeated. "As much as I wanted to hurt you I knew George was not the way. If I started dating