The family had been hunting the first time it happened, or more appropriately, the family had been hunting the first time they had given in. Travelling to the forests of West Virginia, far from home so Carlisle could take Esme to one of the sites she had wanted to see along their trip, the name eluded him, and he honestly didn't care enough to try and recall such an insignificant detail. And of course, with the red head scouring every shadow, Victoria and the Volturi waiting for their Bella to be left unprotected, someone had to stay behind and guard her beating heart. Emmett had been all too happy to take the task, he cared for Bella, and the task of protecting her wasn't really that much of a task and more of an opportunity to spend time with her. But he usually hunted with Rosalie, and saying no this time caused unneeded suspicion in the ranks of the Cullen household. He should've complained, refused, and avoided the trouble. Rosalie and Edward had certainly wanted him too, and Emmett suspected that his spouse and sibling hoped he would pass the task to someone else, not comfortable with the increasing closeness of him and Bella over the past few months. He couldn't really blame them, he knew his inappropriate thoughts and cravings were wrong, shameful and a huge betrayal to the trust his brother and mate had for him. He should've known that staying alone with her would only end in trouble. As the sky had began to grow dim on the first day of his task, the alabaster clouds turning dreary as the sun set behind emerald and oak trees. He found himself standing loyally in front of Bella's house, crouched low on one of the branches of the trees surrounding the building. Clad in a black T-shirt which fit loose on his body and a pair of torn Jeans. It sat comfortably over his limbs, making his task exceedingly easier as he found a seat where he could safely watch for danger. It was mere coincidence that his perch also gave him a perfect view of her room, and in doing so, a perfect view of its contents. A breath choked in his throat as his amber eyes widened in shock, being subject to the front seat view as Bella pulled her top off, the thin material hanging from her finger before fluttering to the ground suggestively. What was she doing? He did tell her that he was coming tonight, didn't he? Didn't she remember? He could just imagine Edward's reaction if he knew what his brother was seeing, the rage and jealousy, knowing he had seen Bella naked before his priest of a brother, he would probably attempt to suffocate Emmett, then he would give Bella a speech on morals and etiquette, tell her how it wasn't appropriate to show her skin whilst the public eye could see, that her window should never stay open for the world to see the amazing sight of her naked form! Dear God, she had an amazing back, curved, with small freckles littering the skin, it wasn't anything like Rosalie, although he had to admit his judgement was flawed, him and Rose hadn't fucked for years, his memory of what she looked like was growing less and less appealing the more time he endured her verbal abuse. Bella's skin was flawed, but not in a bad way, more like a clay master's sculpture, if you gazed close enough you would see the grooved and lines which webbed the skin together, the freckles and bumps which only she possessed, it was what made her unique, and in turn more beautiful than anyone he could try and compare her too. He wished he could reach out and run his hand over the soft flesh of her forearms, feel the slight teasing swell of her breasts, feel her shudder at the temperature of his body, the tell tale flush of her cheeks, he wondered where else her beautiful blush was privy too. He would wrap is fingers around round hips and draw in the unbearable softness and warmth she possessed in both flesh and spirit. The branch cracked under Emmett's stiff grasp, his fingers snapping the bark, feeling it splinter and crumble under his hands. The sound echoing loudly and alerting Bella's attention. She moved warily to the window and he quickly jumped down, backing into the darkness as she approached, her arm covering her naked breasts, but not enough to shield his wandering vision from the fullness of the two mounds, as the pillowy muscle pressed and moulded to the shape of her arm, emphasizing the soft fullness of the skin. He released a soft groan as his jeans grew tight, body beginning to stir in interest, pressing against the rough material of his trousers. He leaned against the tree to stop himself from crumbling under the unnerving desire to enter her room and take what his brother had so foolishly denied for so long. She turned away again, not bothering to close the curtains and Emmett really wished she would, for the sake of her virtue and his weakened conscience. He breathed in deep, trying to get the predicament between his legs to settle down, and wasn't much successful when his eyes kept flickering to her window, catching glimpses of bare skin. He discovered that she apparently slept naked, although when this became a thing he didn't know, Edward had revealed to never seeing her naked, so obviously this new change was only recent, he wondered what had caused it to occur. But there was no point wandering, so he settled for a night of discomfort, finding a thicker branch, and sitting, facing away from the window stubbornly. Finally, the lights flickered out, casting the golden glow of the room into deep, blue darkness, and he thought his torture was over, if he couldn't see her, he wouldn't have to struggle for control. He settled down, his eyes closing as he began his wait for the morning sun to arrive. An hour passed, and all that could be heard was the continuous thrum of nature around him, the brush of leaves, and the chatter of ground animals as they scavenged food for themselves, the hoot of an owl, followed by the cry of a mouse. He tried to hear the settle of Bella's heart, the slowing of her breath, anything to show her descent into the land of the dreaming; but nothing could be heard, her heart continued the aware beat, and her breathing didn't slow, he could only imagine her bright, doe eyes in the darkness, listening to the heavy silence of night. But the peace was soon shattered. It was soft, and high-pitched, and could've been a small animal. But he knew enough about the female anatomy, to recognize a sound like that. A whimper. He had first assumed it was a ghost on the wind, and ignored it, but it repeated, louder, deeper, breaking into a cry as it reached its peak. A moan. His eyes flickered open, and he sat rock still, waiting for it to repeat. It did; a soft reverberation amongst the peace, not discernible to the human ear, but loud and clear to a male vampire. He nearly fell from his branch, his muscles tense at how wanton the sound was, how it caused his body to shudder in desperation, and it was clear where it had come from, what had caused it. He glanced at Bella's window, his fists tightening as he waited anxiously to see if the reason for the sound was as he expected. He couldn't really see her bed from this angle of the branch, both a blessing and a curse, so he landed on the ground, inching closer to the wall, his body swallowed in the darkness. He pulled himself up onto the window-sill, praying to God that it wouldn't break or creak under his weight, the last thing he needed was too be caught. At first the room was silent, and completely still. He considered his idea stupid, Edward's sweet innocent Bella would never do such a thing, she wouldn't touch herself, she seemed too naive for that, she would probably touch herself then die from too much blood rushing to her brain, but then again, this wasn't Edward's Bella. Edward's Bella wouldn't dress in front of an open window, knowing full well that a male Vampire was outside watching her. But that thought scattered as another moan filled the air, and the body on the bed squirmed, the sheets moving down to reveal flushed skin and taut muscles which tensed under pleasure. He should've left, it was private, none of his business, he had no right watching her in such a vulnerable and intimate position. She was probably thinking of Edward, it would screw things up if his brother knew he had seen his fiancé touch herself. Emmett didn't need to hear her moan his brother's name, not when he wished so desperately she would say his instead. But he was entranced. The image of her hand rubbing desperately between her thighs, fingers dipping into dark curls, rubbing small circles into the wet skin. It seemed so adoringly funny, because it was so unexpected while still beautiful at the same time. Her legs were bent and spread wide, anxious for a body to fit between them, a puzzle piece without a mate. Emmett growled at the sight, his fingers curling an indentation into the brickwork as he clenched his eyes shut, His body pulsing painfully in reaction as he fought the urge to go forward and dip his head between her thighs. After knowing her for two years, it had become easy to ignore the scent of her blood, she still smelled delicious, but he'd rather have her than her blood. Her head was flung back, dark hair spread chaotically over the white pillows, surrounding her flushed face. Her sheets were thrown away and hanging on each side of her body, exposing her breasts to the night air. She looked beautiful, chest heaving, the air filled with small moans and unintelligible whimpers. It sent need deep into his bloodstream, straight between his legs, his body quickly becoming a live-wire, his jeans not having much chance of lasting against the pressure that continued to build. He imagined slipping inside, his body fitted between those thighs, his hands taking over her ministrations, drawing each wanton sound from her lips till she didn't want anything other than him. His breathing picked up, as she gave a high-pitched cry, her body rocking as she peaked. The smell of her sex filled the air, drowning him in musk. But that wasn't what caused him to give into his desires, his control snapping and shattering to small unfixable pieces. The uneven peace he had established of watching at a distance, not touching, it all quickly came undone. He had been around her long enough to learn self-restraint; the sight wasn't what caused his control to snap. In the silence, as he watched her reach her release, her other hand coming between her legs and inserting too fingers into her body. He gasped as her mouth fell open, her hips rolling against her hand. "E-Emmett!" The sound echoed in the room, as she came. "God, Please!" His body crouched frozen, his breathing layered. That was far from his brother's name, he hadn't heard her wrong. His shoulders tensed as a low hum built in his chest, as every sane thought in his head vanished. The night fell into a dead silence, nothing but the sound of her ragged breaths filling the void. He could feel all rational thought sinking, instinct taking over. He didn't know what brought it on, didn't know he was capable of relying so heavily on his base desires without killing. But as he saw her legs spread, his name falling from her