BPOV It's another dreary morning in Seattle, and I'm on my way into work for the early shift. Rose always worries when I have to go in early, so lately she's been driving- totally unnecessary. But who am I to argue? She says the only people out before dawn are vampires and thugs. Okay, vampires are a bit far fetched, but metaphorically speaking, vampires are probably a good description of what roams the streets during the night and early morning hours. Rose is my roommate, and one of Seattle's finest. If you saw her, you'd think she was a freaking model, not a police officer. But it makes me feel safe having her close by. "Bella, why is it always you that has to go in at this ungodly hour?" she asks, as we walk downstairs together. "Because I'm trustworthy, and Garrett knows I'll be there," I say with a shrug. "Yeah, I think it's because he knows you're single and not getting any, and that you won't give him a hassle about the time." "You're probably right. Did I tell you that I appreciate you taking me to work on mornings like these?" I ask. We get in her car and I make sure to put my seatbelt on, as she gets in on her side. "Yes, you have. You're my best friend, and Emmett's cousin. He'd kick my ass if I let you walk alone at this hour. Besides, we wouldn'tget to talk as much if I didn't. How is that EMT that you have your eye on?" "Good. He comes in every morning, orders the same thing, and never notices me. I wish, just once, that I could make him feel me." "Bella...you need to make your presence known if you have any interest in him. I see too many people with regrets on a daily basis; if you're presented with a chance, take it. What is the worst thing that could happen?" she asks. "He could say he's not interested, and I'd be crushed." I hear her let out a sigh of frustration. "Just remember, you only get one ride in this world, and the worst thing to live with is regret. Think about that the next time he comes in for coffee." "I guess...he'll be here about 7:30," I say softly. "Have his order ready when he comes in, since you say he gets the same thing every time. Address him by his name, stand tall, stick your boobs out, and smile. Own the moment, B." We pull up to the coffee shop, and I pull the keys out of my pocket as I look over at her. "I'm not sure I can do it," I say quietly, getting out of the car. "Get your ass in there, and get ready to rock his world, " she tells me, before pulling away. I go inside and start turning on the coffee makers, and taking out the pastries, all the while listening to my favorite song on the sound system. I love coming in before everyone else, because I canturn up the music and sing along. Not many people knew that I could sing. My favorite song comes on; it reminds me of Edward every time I hear it. When the rain is blowing in your face, And the whole world is on your case, I could offer you a warm embrace To make you feel my love. I sing and sway to the music as I set out the coffee cakes. When the evening shadows and the stars appear, And there is no one there to dry your tears, I could hold you for a million years To make you feel my love. I'd love to be thereto dry his tears, I think to myself. I know you haven't made your mind up yet, But I would never do you wrong. I've known it from the moment that we met, No doubt in my mind where you belong. I'd go hungry; I'd go black and blue, I'd go crawling down the avenue. No, there's nothing that I wouldn't do To make you feel my love. I sing that last line and picture Edward's face. I hope that Rose is right, and that I won't get my heart crushed. I look over at the clock and see it's time to open for business. I turn the sound system down and open the doors. Jessica and Eric come in just as I turn on the outside lights. "Damn girl, you set my whole station up," Eric says. "Sorry, I just got on a roll," I say with a smirk. "Seems like you're a bit perky for today, Bella. Any reason for that?" Jessica snarks. "I have some motivation to make the most of today," I tell her. "Whatever Bella. Is this from another one of those self help books you read?" she asks. "No, I'm just going to go after what I want. " I reply. "What, my job?" she asks, looking at me with disgust. "I wouldn't want your job, I have bigger things I want," I say, as the bell above the door dings. I check the clock, and it isn't his time yet. I fulfil order after order as the time clicks closer to his normal time, and my nerves build up inside me to the point of nearly making myself sick. I look at the clock and it says 7:27, and he hasn't shown up yet. Thankfully, I'm able to focus on the music in the background. I can't give up the resolve I've been building up today. Deep breaths, Bella. I think about the warm smile that he gives me everyday when I hand him his coffee. I look up when I hear the bell ding, and I see he's walking inside. His hair is it's normal chaos, sticking up everywhere, and just simply him. His uniform is so crisp, and it fits him perfectly. I quickly pour his coffee, and add the right amount of sugar and cream. I have his piece of coffee cake all set on a plate as he steps to the counter. "You always make my morning brighter, Bella," he says to me, with a devastating smile. "Thank you." His fingers brush over mine softly, and I treasure that deeply. Rose's words ring through my mind as he turns to go have a seat. "Um, wait one second," I ask him. He sets his plate down before walking back to the counter; I can feel something indescribable in his gaze. "Do you think you would mind helping me move a table outside?" I ask. "Sure," he says, as I point to the table next to him. I move from behind the counter...he is so tall next to me, and his arms are well defined. My confidence wanes as I look at him. "Where do you need it, Bella?" God, my name sounds like heaven from his lips. "Bella?" "Umm...yeah, just put it outside the door. I'm sorry, I really shouldn't have asked you to do it," I say softly, as I feel my cheeks heating up. "It isn't a problem. You do so much for me anyway, so why shouldn't I help you?" he asks me, with a heart rending smile. I can feel my heart beating faster as he looks right into my eyes. He steps closer to me, and I'm certain this will be the moment I can ask him if we could go on a date. The sound of Jessica's annoying voice rings all too clearly from inside. "Bella...I need some help making more coffee." "I...I guess I'd better go help her," I say softly. "Let me walk you back inside," he tells me, and I could have sworn he let his hand brush over my lower back. "Thank you for your help." We exchange glances once more, before I slip behind the counter to get back to work. Is it possible that he has some semblance of feelings for me? "Hey, Edward, I'll bring you another cup of coffee, since I know that one is probably cold by now." He nods as he walks back to his table, and I busy myself with the coffee maker. I look up for a brief moment, to see what the noise is from the back office. Suddenly, I feel this horrible pain coming from my hand, and I let out a scream. I watch as he sprints behind the counter, and is by my side in a heartbeat. The look of concern on his face speaks to my heart. He grabs a towel with and puts some ice in it, and applies it to my hand. His fingers are gentle as he runs them over my overheated skin. "You need to keep ice on this for several minutes, Bella. If it begins to get worse, you need to see a doctor," he says. "Okay," I say softly. It is damn near impossible for me to think around him. He is still holding onto my hand when his phone vibrates, and I pull back so he can talk to whoever wants to speak with him. A few minutes later, he walks back over to the table, grabs his coffee, and heads to the door. I try to turn my attention back to my work, but our eyes meet, just as he walks out the door. The morning turns into another afternoon; all of my thoughts are about Edward...his gentle touch when he took care of my burn...the look on his face when he left. Even though I'm off work tomorrow, I will miss the little bit of interaction we have each morning. Rose calls me when I'm walking out of the coffee shop to tell me that she is coming to get me, so we can go out for Karaoke night. Yeah, she knows that I love to sing, and despite how shy I am, when I'm on stage, I'm a different woman. When the music comes on, my fears fall to the wayside in a heartbeat. As I wait for her to pull up to the sidewalk, I think about how much I want to sing to him one day. "How did it go today? Did you grab the bull by the horns, so to speak?" she asks, as I get into the squad car. "I made...progress with him. He took care of my hand when I burned it this morning with coffee." "Hmmm, " she begins. "You made some headway, but don't let him slip out of your hands. We can work on building up your confidence this weekend. Now, let's go out tonight and have a few drinks. I want to hear you sing on stage." "Is Emmett going to be there tonight?" I ask. "Yeah, he says he's going to bring some of the new guys down to the bar. " A short time later, she pulls into the driveway, going on about how I should dress tonight. "What should I wear?" I ask. "Since you are going to be on stage, you need to wear the red sweater, Bella. It will bring out the highlights in your hair. And you need the boots to give you some height." "Heels? Seriously? Rose, I will fall on my ass if I take more than three steps in them," I say, as we go inside. "You'll do fine. Just sing a song that you don't move around much to." "Which one is that?" I follow her back to the bedroom, as she hums a tune I recognize immediately. "I'm not good with titles, sweetie, but that's the damn song you're always singing." "I can't sing that. I think of him when I sing that." Rose turns on her heels to face me. "You can, and you will. Tonight is going to be the most awesome night of your life. I can feel it." I let out a sigh as I take off my work clothes,