Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns all characters. A/N- Here is the first chapter to the sequel of Across the Lines. We hope you enjoy it. Chapter 1 EPOV I couldn't sleep anymore as I rolled over and looked at my beautiful sleeping wife. She looked like an angel as she laid on her pillow. We've been at the cabin in Oregon for a few days and it has been really relaxing. I've enjoyed having the freedom to take walks with my family and not have to worry about anything. We had Santiago and Seth with us, and Felix was back home keeping watch on stuff there. He would get ahold of me if anything important happened. I turned my eyes back to Bella, as she rolled over on her back. The sheet was slipping down her body, as it revealed her breasts to me. Her nipples were getting hard from the cool early morning breeze that blew through the window. I loved watching the skin pucker around them and I longed to take them between my lips. I sighed deeply, not really wanting to wake her up and got out of bed to go check on our children. I slipped on my sleep pants as my feet padded across the floor, I quietly opened their door and stepped inside. Grayson was curled up laying on his stomach, sucking on his fingers. He was such a beautiful child, so sweet and loving. He looked more like Bella to me, even though she'll argue that both our kids looked like me. Bailey was laying on her back, her hair was across her pillow as she clutched her little teddy bear that Aro gave her when she was a baby. It went with her everywhere, even more now. One night shortly after Aro was killed, I was tucking her into her bed and she looked up at me and told me Unca Aro watch over me now, while she pointed at the bear. She was such an intelligent child, so much like Bella in the way she expressed herself. I lovingly caressed her cheek as her eyes fluttered open. "I didn't mean to wake you, princess," I said as I rubbed her cheek. "Da-da up," she said reaching her arms up to me. I lifted her to me and she wrapped her arms around my neck, cuddling into me. "Out," she pointed. I quickly changed her diaper and then stepped out on the deck with her. I sat down in a chair and snuggled with my girl. She liked watching the deers walk across the lawn in the early morning, such a peaceful thing to do. The first morning we were out here she scared them away with her squeal, so much like Alice. But then I told her she had to be quiet or they would run away, she remained quiet in my lap and they returned. The smile on her face was priceless. As I sat there today with her in my lap, I felt so much older than my years. Things were going to change once we got home, kind of makes you not want to go back to reality. But being the head of the largest organizations on the west coast had its responsibilities. I just hoped that I could do as good of job as my uncle did, and I hoped that I could balance it all with my family. I never want to lose what Bella and I have together, without her I would be nothing. Bella will be turning twenty-one in September and I know she hates parties, but I will plan her party this year since Alice will still be away. Jasper said she is making some progress, but she doesn't want to leave the rehab center until she is completely well. So Bella will have a party, not as elaborate as an Alice party, which may be a good thing. I looked up to see Bella standing in the doorway with a sheet wrapped around her. "She's asleep," she said softly as she brushed her fingers through my hair. "I didn't notice," I said looking down at her. "You were lost in thought, you've been doing that a lot lately." "Sorry, I have a lot on my mind." "I know. Things are changing and it will be different for you, for us." I just looked at her, she basically said the same thing that I was already thinking. "You amaze me, Bella?" "Why?" she asked kneeling down next to my chair. "Well for one, you just said almost exactly what I've been thinking about and second ago, you're so understanding of everything. I don't know what I would do without you." "I'll always be with you. I told you after Aro's funeral that we're in this together. Whatever the future throws at us, we'll face it together." "I know you did." The early morning sun was shining down on her dark hair, reflecting the red and gold tones that are naturally in her hair. "Let's put Bailey back in her bed and then get back in our bed," she said. "What are your plans, Mrs. Cullen?" "You'll see," she said with a smirk. I laid Bailey down in her bed and ran my fingers through her hair, smoothing it down, as she started sucking her fingers. I turned around to go to our room and I saw that Bella was laying on it, minus the sheet. Her sensuous body was on display for me. "Mmm...love, you look so delicious laying spread out for me," I said as I crawled onto the bed. "Lay on your back, baby. I want to make love to you." She straddled my legs and positioned herself over me, her eyes never leaving mine. I loved seeing her on top of me. She was so much more confident now. She slid herself slowly down over my length, making us both moan. "Bella, my beautiful wife, you look so amazing on me." She rocked forward on me, forcing me deeper inside her. She moaned as I thrusted up into her. I let my hands come to her hips and felt them roll gently under my hands. It feels like home being inside her - I never want to lose this. "Mmm...you feel so good inside me, it feels like home," she said as she rocked forward. "How do you always know exactly what I'm thinking," I asked. "I know how you think." "I swear you can read me like a book," I told her as our bodies moved as one. "Oooh, yes deeper, Edward," she murmured above me. I pulled her harder down onto me, making her bounce on me. I loved seeing her breasts bounce with the force of my thrusts. They were almost hypnotic and I needed them in my mouth. I sat up and attached my mouth to one of her heavenly nipples. She slipped her fingers into my hair securing me to her breast, as I licked and sucked at it. "Yes Edward, fuck so good," she panted as she continued to rock over me. I kissed my way over to her other breast and sucked it deep into my mouth. "Yes Edward! Harder, please harder." I moved her off of my lap and laid her down on her back as I pushed her legs way up by her chest and then I pushed my cock deep inside her. "Yes," she screamed out. I brought my mouth down to hers, kissing her deeply - I wanted her to feel how much I always needed her...wanted her. She moaned long and low into my mouth - I can feel it through my whole body. I moved my hands to hers and I intertwined them as I began thrusting harder into her. "Yes, Edward, just like that," she moaned as she pulled her hand away from mine and brought it to her breast to twist her nipple. I loved seeing her touch herself, it was such a turn on for me. She let her hand snake down her body till it came between us and pressed a finger to her clit. "Fuck I love to see you touch yourself baby," I said, thrusting harder. I propped myself higher so I could look down between us and watch as her finger circled her clit as I continued to pump into her. "So close, Edward, so close," she groaned out, writhing beneath me. I moved one of my hands to join hers and we moved our fingers together over her clit, making her walls clamp hard onto me. "Ohh...yes, Edward, yes," she panted. Her pussy gripped me tight as I thrusted a few more times before spilled inside her with a roar. "Fuck, Bella, fuck, you feel so good baby." "Mmm...so do you, I love when you fuck me." "I love it too baby - never get enough." "I hope no one heard us, you were pretty loud." "Mmmm, I don't know that I care that much right now." "You're so bad," she said with a laugh. "I am and you love it." "I do and I love you so much." "I love you, baby." "Are you hungry? I could make us breakfast." "That sounds wonderful." She sat up and looked down at me, "Go for a swim and I'll come get you when I have breakfast ready." "Are you sure?" I asked as I sat up and wrapped my arm around her waist." "Yes, go relax, I'll get you in a few." I got up from the bed and kissed her forehead as I grabbed my swimming trunks. It would feel nice to swim, the only thing better would be to swim naked with my beautiful wife. "I'll be waiting for you," I said as I slipped them on and went out the door. I dived into the water and felt exhilarated as I swam the length of the pool. It was relaxing to feel the water rushing over my body, and feel my muscles loosening up. I looked down toward the end of the pool and Bella was standing there holding a towel out for me. I quickly swam the length of the pool and slipped out of the water gladly accepting the towel but not before giving her a kiss. "Edward," she whined when she pulled away. "What I just needed a little kiss, baby." "But now I'm all wet." "Mmmm, just how I like you." "You're so bad, Mr. Cullen," she said as she walked into the house. I followed her into the kitchen where my lovely children were sitting. Bailey had her puff cereal and Grayson was in his swing. "Da-da," Bailey cooed. "Hey my sweet girl," I said leaning down and kissing her cheek. She giggled as water trickled down her face from my hair. "Da-da wet," she said. "Alright you, stop making a mess," Bella said as she dried Bailey and pointed me to a chair. She served up fat slices of French toast with powdered sugar sprinkled on them and nice crisp bacon. My wife definitely knew how to spoil me. "Baby, this looks great and smells delicious." "I'm glad." I watched as she sat down and cut up some french toast for Bailey and gave her some banana. She was always so attentive to everyone around her, that she often forgot to take care of herself. "Baby, sit down and eat - you need to take care of you too." "I do," she said as she sat down for a second, only to jump back up again, "I forgot the juice." "Baby, sit, I'll get the juice." I grabbed the juice and two glasses as well as Bailey's sippy cup. "See, I can do things too - it doesn't always have to be you." "I know you can, I just like to feel like I'm doing something, contributing to us. I don't do much else," she said taking a bite of her french