"Is everyone ready?" Raina said, resting one hand on her round belly as she watched her sister round the corner that blocked her view of home while on her way to taking the children to their riding lesson. She had been planning this for weeks, waiting for the opportune moment to spring her plan into motion. Well, it wasn't her plan precisely but the actual mastermind would rather let himself be in the background and that was all right. The seed had been planted in her mind, and the seed grew swiftly into fruition. "Yes, and you're going to sit down while we move the furniture." Elladan said with uncharacteristic sternness, "You are not doing any heavy lifting." It was in those moments the twin reminded her of his father, at once demanding and well-meaning if a bit heavier handed than she liked. The fact was, she couldn't, after all she counted it a miracle if her shoes matched as she hadn't seen her feet in a month. "Fine," She grumbled as a pair of hands steered her toward one of the chairs, strategically placed where the view of the room was unobstructed. In the span of thirty minutes the furniture had been rearranged, to accommodate the largest part of the project – the five foot tall spruce tree that was going in the corner safely away from the fireplace. It had taken a fair amount of convincing for the gardeners to come on board, but when they realized that Raina wanted a potted tree that wasn't in the ground they had relented. The pot was painted a beautiful series of green, gold, white and red with a strip of purple at the top and black at the bottom, and around it went a heavy duty woven rug. Hands were stringing garland across the room from one corner to the next, while others were arranging vibrantly colored candles in the windows and replacing Nikki's used ones with similar but dyed ones. Frugal Nikki had only the ordinary unscented ones, and these were replaced with ones that smelled of different holiday scents handpicked by Raina. Red ones were either cranberry or cinnamon, white was vanilla, and green was a crisp woodsy scent. Flowers were replaced with vibrant red and green ones, and the expert, swift hands were draping delicate but beautiful glass ornaments along the tree. On the top sat a gilded stained-glass star with their names etched into each pane. This, Raina alone knew was the personal gift from Erestor, who had sworn her to secrecy when he had been caught putting it into the supplies for the project. Why he hadn't wanted it known, she didn't know, but when Erestor closed down on something even she knew to back away. Even the simple mantle had been transformed into something festive, Raina watched as Elladan and Elrohir draped a long swatch of green velvet over the simple wooden mantelpiece and then strung a line of holly across it before attaching hooks with a bell along the edge to hang stockings from. These were for each of the three, and spaced so that it looked full, though privately each of them paused, knowing it should have been four. Looking around, Raina nodded a bright shine in her eyes telling the three elves what they had done was exactly right. "Everything is ready, let's get out of here and let them enjoy the surprise." She said leaving a card, written by one of the bards so that even handwriting wouldn't give away the culprits, on the mantle in plain sight. "Mama, look!" Mandy cried out running ahead of her mother and little brother, her attention caught by the large wreath decorating the front door to their house. "What in the world?" Nikki called after her, delayed by the pause to pick up Cayden and hurried to see what Mandy was shouting about. Sure enough, there was something to shout about. "I don't know!" Mandy bounced in place excitedly in a way that Nikki hadn't seen her behave since before the death of her father several months before. "But look!" She was nearly shouting at this point as the wreath was plainly visible, and the glimpse of color in the window that she could see excited her. Uncertainty struck Nikki, so swiftly and painfully that she turned to look at the gate and saw that it was, indeed her fence making it her little house. "I see, let's go in." Nikki said reaching for the door while balancing Cayden to avoid dropping him. "Oh my gosh!" Mandy stopped short looking around the living room, wide eyed and completely taken by surprise. "It's like magic! Auntie was right – this place really is full of magic!" This is unbelievable. Nikki thought to herself as she bent to set down the squirming boy as she spotted the card on the mantle, and read aloud to the two of them through tearing eyes, "Kindle the flame, dance the dance and revel in the light of memory but never forget that tomorrow comes with a new sun and moon." "Mama!" the insistent howl of Cayden as the sun streamed into the window and set the stained glass on the top of the tree to glimmering light, "Mama!" the insistent wail grew louder as Nikki turned to look up at the top of the tree. The star looked as if someone had lit it from within and tears streamed as she could read by then each of their names in the star spokes, one for each of them. "Want up – See!" He howled at her as Nikki stood in utter shock. "Cade, give Mama a minute." Mandy said coming over to her brother and took his hands and pointed at a random brightly colored decoration, "Oooh!" It took several hours to get the children to stop bouncing around the living room, let alone get settled enough to eat without being distracted by the light bouncing off of something new in the living room. By the end of the day, as she snuggled with Cayden while Mandy bathed she had time to wonder who had been behind the whole scheme – and more how they had done it without her ever having a clue. "Love Mama." Cayden's sleepy murmur warmed her heart, almost as much as the cocoa she was sipping comforted her soul. Her children had always been the best part of her life, teaching them, spending time with them and getting to see the world through their eyes. Someone, or more likely several someones had gone to great lengths to restore the faith of one little girl's heart in the good in people. It still shocked her that her living room looked like it did, a nagging worrying part of her mind worried what it would cost her, the candles alone were more than she spent in a quarter-year on candles. "Love you too little man." She whispered leaning to kiss her son's forehead, as Mandy came out of the bathroom dressed for bed. "Can I sit too?" Mandy said as Nikki moved the blanket to let her in, looking up at her mother after a few moments said at a whisper, "I miss Daddy." "I know, me too." Nikki admitted softly, reaching to run her fingers over Mandy's dark curls, "But there's nothing we can do." "Erestor said something to me, not long after he died," Mandy's eyes swam with tears even if more out of missing her father than upset, "That the elves believe starlight is memories, and that as long as I can see the stars I'll never forget him." Nikki stared at her for a for moment, and she smiled as that sounded very much like Erestor, both reserved and yet comforting despite the ice that seemed to always wrap around him like a shroud. Part of her warmed to the frosty, rigid elf, after hearing from Mandy the little bit of kindness shown to a broken-hearted child. "I think he's right." She said at last as Mandy curled in to the two of them. "Me too, Mama. Me too. Do you think it'll snow for the celebration? Or that the baby will come before?" Mandy was full of innocent questions and Nikki's sad smile warmed at the familiarity and comfort of hearing the rapid-fire barrage coming at her. "I don't know on those things Mandy-bug." Nikki said pulling her close so that they could snuggle into the blanket Cayden and herself. "Only time will show that answer, but I bet your auntie would like it." "Mandy, stay still." Nikki laughed as Mandy squirmed for the third time in her excitement pulling her curls out of her mother's hands dancing in the new dress Nikki had scraped enough to get in addition to the modest pile of presents in the closet in her room. It wasn't near enough to her standards, but the three of them had each other, and their extended family. It was a beautiful child sized dress modeled after the one she planned to wear, but instead of the rich plum she planned to wear, Mandy's was a brilliant cardinal red. "I'm sorry Mommy, I'm just so excited." She laughed as Nikki scooped her riot of curls into her fingers again and settled on arranging the front and sides back from her face and left the rest loose in a riot of curls and waves. And that was true, Mandy had been over-the-moon excited to be invited for the whole afternoon up to the main house as she thought of the sprawling building her sister called home. The fact that an official messenger had come to the door not for just Nikki but had in hand an invitation for each of the three of them had delighted Mandy to no end. Nikki had suspicions her sister was behind that bit of mischief but she couldn't be sure, as Raina tended to be more direct when she wanted something from her. "I know you are," Nikki laughed because seeing Mandy happy brought her joy deeper than anything else in the world. Mandy had grown too serious; too grownup since losing her father, and seeing a glimmer of the upbeat, cheerful girl in the youngster was something Nikki cherished. Mandy had a lifetime to be serious and grim, the early years in a safe place – no place safer than Rivendell – was a time to be merry and joyous. "Do you have the presents ready to go?" She asked knowing that Mandy had spent an entire day as the potter's assistant to pay for the ornaments she had made as part of the deal for her aunts. "They're all ready to go and even in a big basket to carry." Mandy said proudly, "All that's left is getting squirmy boy in his clothes." She giggled as Cayden had already begun the process of stripping off his new clothes. "Oh no you don't you little monkey," Nikki chuckled and began setting the boy's clothes right again. "Come on, before your aunt sends someone to find out what's taking us so long." "You can always tell her that Cayden didn't want to wear pants today even though its so cold!" Mandy giggled as Nikki held out her cloak. "Your aunt would find that hysterical." Nikki agreed, knowing very well that Raina's wicked sense of humor would indeed find the fight over pants funny. "Yes, I know." Mandy giggled as they left the house together. It was still a clear sky overhead though it had become increasingly grey, and as children do, Mandy held out the secret hope for snow on the day or at least before bed. "Mommy look!" Mandy's reverent whisper warmed Nikki's heart further, the awestruck look on the girls' face was enough to convince her to look around with unjaded eyes. The elves had outdone themselves, Nikki decided looking around the path, which was lit by torches that illuminated