This oneshot's a prize for Izzy2257 for being my 350th reviewer of Of Snakes and Lions (which I'm hoping to update in summer once my exams are over- sorry for the wait!). Here's the prompt she gave me: Hermione and Severus are both secret animagus (you pick the animals) they meet in animal form and become friends... I really enjoy when Draco and Hermione are friends, maybe he knows about both animal forms and intervenes in setting them up for more than friendship as animals. Maybes: hide and go seek in the forest, Draco is an animagus also, pre war or post war, you chose. "... If that's all, then I'll call this week's staff meeting to a-" "Not quite, Headmistress," Professor Severus Snape interrupted, seemingly oblivious to the sleepy yet hostile glares his colleagues were throwing his way, not least of which from the headmistress herself, Minerva McGonagall. Minerva exhaled heavily and took a vicious swig of her tea. "Severus, it's eight o'clock in the bloody morning. It's a Sunday. This meeting has dragged on for nearly an hour and a half now: be quick." The Potions professor's lip twitched upwards slightly at her scowl, but he soon regained his typically impassive expression. "Certainly, Headmistress," he said with such obvious mockery that Minerva snorted at his impertinence. "I refer, of course, to the Gryffindors' blatant disregard for school rules, yet again-" Severus paused as an angered huff came from his right side. Turning, he ignored the paling visage of Professor Draco Malfoy, his gaze alighting with delight upon a familiar dark brown glare. "Professor Granger... something you'd like to add? It is your house that is besmirching the noble name of Godric Gryffindor, after all." The Arithmancy professor tossed her hair at that, ignoring Draco's warning touch on her arm. "I beg your pardon?" Severus smiled widely at her. "Come now, Professor Granger, you can't pretend to be ignorant of your House's penchant for parties and slipping out to the kitchens after curfew?" Hermione glowered. "Of course not, but I hardly see why this is a matter for a staff meeting. I am the primary disciplinary for Gryffindor house so-" "And what an excellent job you're making of disciplining your little hellcats," Severus purred. "Remind me how many points Gryffindor have lost being out of their beds after curfew?" "Remind me how many of those points were taken by you?" Hermione snarled. They were in each others' faces now, leaning over Draco as he sat poker-still, gazing beseechingly at the rest of the staff to rescue him. No one did. They all knew what happened if you got in the middle of one of the Potions and Arithmancy professors' fights: nothing good. . There was a lull as the two professors simply stared at each other, black eyes sparking on brown, brown sparking on black. Minerva had almost relaxed into her normal posture when Hermione asked conversationally, "Shall we discuss your Slytherins' evident indifference to school rules on attacking other students, Professor Snape?" Draco closed his eyes and attempted to sink even lower in his seat as Severus' magic crackled in the air around them. "Excuse me?" "I refer to Misters Boyle and Crewe cursing Miss Oliver whilst her back was turned for being a, quote, 'Mudlood slut'," Hermione elaborated, her smile challenging. Severus stiffened. "I was unaware-" . "Thank you, Professors," Minerva interrupted quickly, before the row could worsen again. "That's all for this week... Draco? A word?" The Charms professor's pointed face and white blond hair came into view as Professors Snape and Granger slowly moved back and away from each other. "See you later, Draco." "Good bye, Draco." No farewell for each other. Draco nodded awkwardly at both, and rose to follow the Headmistress. She didn't greet him personally, and barely waited until they were alone to say, "We've got to do something." "Yes," Draco agreed fervently. "I'm rather tired of being in the middle of them sparring." Minerva continued as though he hadn't spoken. "I mean, they nearly tear each others' faces off every staff meeting; they don't talk to each other at dinner or in the staffroom; they don't even use each other's given names..." "Well, they were teacher and student, perhaps they find it hard?" Draco suggested weakly. She gave him a withering look. "He was your teacher too." "Yes, but I'm his godson," Draco pointed out. At her glower his smugness faded and his face paled. "But good point!" She huffed, now almost stomping into her office. She gestured for him to take a seat with forced manners, and then continued her rant, pacing her office and ignoring the obviously eavesdropping portraits of her predecessors. "I just don't see the issue! I mean you and Hermione hated each other in school, and now you're best friends! I know you did your apprenticeships at the same time, but even so! You both made an effort to put the past behind you- why can't Hermione and Severus? It's been seven years since the War! They seem to enjoy putting each other down- they hate each other-" "Er, no, they don't." The Headmistress came to an abrupt halt at his words, gaping unattractively at her youngest member of staff. Draco was grinning. "Are you kidding? They're head over heels for each other," he snorted. "It's obvious- for those of us that appreciate subtlety, i.e. not Gryffindors," he jibed. Minerva stared at him and flumped down into her seat. "Are you mad?" Draco smiled widely. "No. Watch them. Seriously. You'll just want to bang their heads together. There's so much sexual tension there, I'm amazed they haven't combusted." And with that, he was gone, leaving Minerva McGonagall speechless for perhaps the first time in her life. Curiosity killed the cat, but I hope it won't kill me, Minerva thought grimly as she stode into the staff room several hours later. Using her marking as an excuse (she was one of very few Heads of school to continue teaching, since she had yet to find a replacement Transfiguration professor), she plonked herself down in a cosy armchair in the corner of the room and waited. She didn't have to wait long. As was routine, Hermione arrived in the room at one o'clock with a dozen rolls of parchment- her lesson plans for the next week. She greeted her old Head of House with a smile, and settled down in her usual place by the fire to review her plans and draft exercises for her students to complete in class. . Scarcely ten minutes later, a swirl of black robes settled in the leather armchair opposite the door, and swiftly disappeared behind a mountain of essays. Minerva listened to the snarled scratching of feedback that would surely bring more than one first year to tears in the following week. After a while, she slyly cast a glance over her own pile of marking, expecting to see nothing but two hard working professors. The next minute she was stifling a gasp. She gawped. . Severus Snape, feared Dungeon Bat and general git, was watching Hermione Granger with the softest eyes she had ever seen on a man. Minerva had never seen such warm intensity; it was as though Severus was drinking in the soft brown curled hair and furrowed brow, the slim fingers guiding the quill, the delicate curve of Hermione's jaw. She was almost envious. Imagine having such love directed at you, and to be unaware of it!- But was Hermione unaware of it? she thought abruptly, turning her concentration to the young witch. Yes, she concluded, saddening on Severus' behalf—but what was this? Hermione's dark eyes were peeking up from her lesson plan, shyly observing the wizard in her line of sight. Severus had turned back to his papers, snarling at some inane comment scrawled by a student, unaware that he was the focus of someone's attention. Minerva watched as Hermione's gaze followed the movement of Severus' pale wrist, curving a hanging strand of dark hair behind his ear. Hermione was blushing, Minerva realised with fascination, watching the witch's keen eyes skating over the harsh nose and cheekbones of the man with whom she had rowed with publically just hours ago. Watching Hermione watching Severus, Minerva could almost find him attractive herself. It was like a light had turned on in Minerva's head. Now she had seen proof that her sparring professors were, as Draco had said, head over heels for each other, it was impossible to unsee it. How had she not seen it before? How could none of the other members of staff see it? "Why are they always spatting?" she burst out. Draco eyed her apprehensively, halfway into her office. "Is this what you wanted to talk to me about?" "Yes, no, maybe. I don't know. Sit." He sat, accepting a steaming mug of tea and exhaling heavily. It was the following Sunday and they had just witnessed Severus and Hermione's most furious row. All over who was to chaperone the dreaded Valentine's Day Hogsmeade visit (the pair of them, as punishment, Minerva had decreed, much to the amusement of the rest of their colleagues). "That," Minerva said, "was ridiculous." Draco couldn't disagree. It had been like watching two teenagers arguing, but Severus and Hermione weren't teenagers. They were adults; teachers; respected individuals in the wizarding community; veterans of the Second Wizarding War; they had Order of Merlins. Minerva was right: their behaviour was absurd. There was a pause. "I can't say I'm not delighted at having the Valentine's Hogsmeade weekend sorted before we've even left for Christmas, but even so... Ridiculous." Minerva shook her head. "I'm think you're right that they've got the hots for each other." Draco choked on a scalding mouthful of tea. "I- I don't believe I phrased it like that." Minerva waved a dismissive hand, continuing irately, "I just don't understand why they're always. Sodding. Rowing." She took a large swig of tea. "The sexual tension's too much," Draco said, raising his eyebrows innocently when she spluttered and nearly spat out her drink. "Did it go down the wrong hole?" Minerva cleared her throat and glared with watery eyes. "Behave." Draco smiled unrepentantly. "I was only half joking. I bet you any money you like they don't think their... feelings are returned and are bitter about it. Plus, they're both stubborn know-it-alls, so they'd probably spat anyway." "Probably," Minerva agreed wryly, then seriously, "You have to sort this out, Draco." He stared. "Why me?" "Because you're Hermione's friend. And Severus'. Can't you talk to them?" He eyed her incredulously. "You must be joking. Do you think I have a death wish?" Dropping any act, Minerva offered him a sweet smile. "If you don't, the sexual tension might get too much and seeing as you're usually sat in between them whenever they're together... I think you've got a reasonable incentive to sort things out before then." Draco gaped, slamming his teacup into its saucer in shock. "That was the most Slytherin thing I ever heard." Impressed though he was with the Headmistress' snake-like manipulation of him, Draco spent the next few days sulking over his impossible task. Minerva's logic was infalliable: there was no way he wanted to be anywhere near Hermione and Severus when the tension eventually became too much. Even so, he thought she could at least offer to help him. Matchmaking was not his forte. . On Wednesday, Draco looked at his staff planner and realised with horror that it was three days until the next staff meeting, and that unless he wanted to risk being in the middle of another row... or worse, he'd better figure something out- quickly. "Walk, Hermione?" He asked pleasantly, as they finished up their dinners on Thursday. She turned her gaze distractedly from Severus and smiled. "That'd be nice, let me grab my cloak." He waited with a thudding heart in the Entrance Hall, and, when she arrived (wrapped up in