Royally Loved up EPOV The time has finally arrived. It started early this morning while we were asleep at home , or as most people call it Kensington Palace, causing Bella to wake me up. " Edward, Edward! Wake up Honey" Bella whispered, rousing me for my sleep. " What is it sweetheart?" I said, gruffly. " It's time." " It's time?" I replied franticly, definitely awake now as I jump up from the bed. She smiled up at me softly, looking a vision of calm and beauty as she sat up in her pyjamas. " Yes. I've had a few contractions now, but I wanted to make sure it was actually time before I said anything," she told me. " Alright then, let's get dressed, I'll send for the car and then I'll have to call everyone… " I rattled off as I started looking for clothes to put on. " Edward! Calm down, we can do this." Bella said as she approached me, before gripping my face gently between her hands, "We can do this, it's just me and you, don't worry about everything else." " Okay" " Okay… and Edward, I love you." She whispered, leaning up to peck me on the lips. " I love you too." " Good, now get me the car!" she breathed, holding her child swollen stomach. That was at five o'clock this morning. It's now six thirty and I'm currently pacing up and down the corridor outside of my wife's delivery room, as the doctor checks that her and the baby are doing okay so far. I needed a minute to myself, to let myself think, before everything starts happening. After all, the whole worlds press are just a few short metres outside, waiting for the news, the news that the third in line to the throne, has been born. That's right, My son or daughter will be third in line to the throne, after me, Edward, Duke of Cambridge, and my father, Carlisle, Prince of Wales, who would be King after my Grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II. We don't know if we are having a boy or a girl, as we decided it was for the best because if we didn't know, then there was no way for the press to find out. Plus, Bella wanted it to be a surprise. I, honestly, didn't mind, just as long as the baby and Bella are both healthy then I'm happy. Bella is my rock, my best friend and my true love, all in one beautiful package and she has helped me, like I have her, through these last few years, making us as strong as ever. We met at St Andrews University in Scotland and I can remember the day like it was yesterday. I could feel everyone's eyes on me, as I walk to my first Art History lecture. I'm used to people looking at me, after all I am Prince Edward, but I just hope the fascination about the fact that a Prince is going to the same university as them would die down soon enough. I keep my head down as I walked across the grounds hoping to blend in, but knowing I wouldn't with my two guards following close behind me. I wasn't paying too much attention to where I was going as I walked and I soon bumped into someone hard, as I strode through campus quickly. I turned back to apologise and that's when I saw her, sprawled on the floor with books surrounding her. My heart started to pound against my chest loudly, as soon as my eyes landing on her. She was gorgeous. She was shorter than me at about 5"4, compared to my 6"2, but slim with curves in all the right places. Her black jeans clung to her shapely legs and her pale ivory skin looked delicate like tissue paper against her blue shirt and thick cream jumper. She had curly dark brown hair pulled to one side and tied with a ribbon, as wisps of hair framing her heart shaped face. " Oh my goodness, I'm so sorry." The beautiful girl spoke softly, "I swear, I should come with a warning! I'm always falling over my own feet and walking into people. You'd think I'd be better after all these years, but no, still a walking disaster," she rambled, lifting her head so I could see her face for the first time and taking my breath away. Her pink lips looked soft and had a slight pout to them that made you just want to reach out and kiss her. And her cheeks were covered with a light blush, which I just wanted to trace with my fingertips. But it was her eyes which really got my attention; they were big, bright, doe brown eyes that sparkled in the sun and showed so much emotion that I could tell at that moment she was embarrassed and shocked. She stared at me for a few seconds, with her mouth slightly ajar as she realised just who she had bumped into. " Oh gosh! I'm Sorry…" " No, No, not at all, it's fine. If anything, it's my fault; I wasn't looking where I was going" I say, bending down to pick up her books before offering her a hand to help her up. She glances warily at my offered hand, not sure of what to do, as her eyes flicker to meet mine and then back to my hand. When she finally takes it, and her skins touches mine, a warm feeling spreads up my arm and through my entire body making me smile widely at her. It's as if it belonged there… forever. " I'm Edward by the way…" " I… I know," she said, ducking her head as a blush covers her cheeks once again, "I'm Bella." " Ah… a Beautiful name, for a beautiful girl." I replied, earning another blush. " Thank you…" she whispered, glancing around, "You do realise we have an audience," she finished, looking down at the ground. It was only then that I realised that we were being watched by a small crowd of people who had just stopped to get a good stare at the Prince at university. " Yeah, that sort of comes with the job… and the name" I joke, giving her a slight smirk. " That's got to be hard," Bella answered softly, giving me a small smile. " It can be," I tell her honestly, feeling completely at ease telling her anything. I look at my watch, realising I would be late if I kept talking to Bella, but I didn't want to stop and walk away from her. " I… actually have to go…" I start softly, resenting the words as soon as they left my mouth. " Oh, right… me too, I have to get to my lecture." She responded. " Which way are you walking?" I ask, hoping it's the same way I have to go, so we don't have to part just yet. " That way," she pointed towards the building I was heading to. " Me too," I say smiling widely, as we start to walk. " What subject are you studying?" " Art History" " Me too…" she replied, giving me a beautiful smile, which I knew I wanted to see more often. And ever since then it has been me and Bella, in love since we ran into each other that cold September day and always together. Without Bella I would be where I was today. Being a part of the royal family was hard on me when I was a child. The press always wanting to know what we were doing and being picked on through all my school years made me almost resent being the second in line to the throne. I was the first child of my parent, Princess Esme and Prince Carlisle of Wales, so from the moment I was born I was a future King, much like my child will be. I was loved and cherished when I was little along with my younger brother, Emmett, or as he calls himself, 'the spare heir.' We both went to the best schools in England and were taught by our parents how fortunate we were, always making us get involved and show our support for charities and foundations around the world. When Emmett was old enough, he chose to serve our country, in a very different way to how I will be, and joined the army. I was very proud when he made the decision but I couldn't help but be a bit jealous. While he gets to fight for our country in Afghanistan, I will have to attend events and start taking on more royal duties while attending university, as a war zone is not the place for a future King. Not my first choice, of course, but I knew it was my duty. I had chosen to go to St Andrews university to study Art History and my grandmother, Queen Elizabeth, had managed to issue a mutual agreement with the media, that meant I was to be left alone while at university, so I could have a normal experience while there. And as much as my first year of uni was normal, it wasn't what I expected, and by the end of the year was seriously considering leaving. That's where Bella came in. She was the one, who convinced me not to leave university. She was the one, who told me to think about what I've always wanted to do, and find a way to make it happen. That's when I first told her about my dream to fly. And she's the reason I made it happen. So after telling my family about what I wanted to do, I changed my degree subject to Geography, as I have always loved traveling and the cultures of other countries, and after earning my degree, I joined the British Military. I completed my training as an officer and was soon commissioned as a Lieutenant in the Blues and Royals, before training to be a pilot and earning my wings at the Royal Air Force College Cranwell. With Bella by my side, I decided to train in helicopter flying in order to become a full-time pilot with the Search and Rescue Force, where I got to work for the military and help people, without the heir to the throne being in too much danger. With my RAF training I took a job in Anglesey, to work with the No. 22 squadron at RAF Valley as the pilot of a Sea King. Bella and I lived together in Wales happily, and enjoying our marriage without the media following our every move, up until recently, when we moved back to London to live in Kensington Palace before the baby arrived. Somebody clears their throat near me, helping to bring me back to the reality that I was waiting for our baby to arrive now, here in St Mary's hospital in London. "Your Royal Highness?" A voice says from behind me, making me whirl round face a nurse. "Yes" "You can come in now and join your wife." "Thank you," I reply, following her into the room so I can see Bella. BPOV Edward closely followed the nurse back into the delivery room, his eyes meeting mine immediately. "Are you okay?" he asked, making his way to my side and stroking my hair. "I'm fine Edward, calm down" I giggle at my husband's anxiousness. "Your Royal Highness, I can assure you the Duchess and the baby are both perfectly healthy. But you do have some time to wait, as the contractions have only just started," My doctor, Marcus Setchell, explains to Edward, who takes a seat by my side, keeping hold of my hand. "Thank you, doctor," I say, before he swiftly exits, leaving Edward and I alone. Edward's hands soon find my swollen belly,