Shadow in the North: Tel'nim Part I: A Nameless Terror Of the Great War of the Ring, many songs had been sung and many tales told. The names Gandalf the Grey, Aragorn the King, and Frodo the ring-bearer are greatly revered. And rightly so… Yet Sauron's shadow stretched beyond the lands of Gondor and Rohan alone, and his forces would once have done great evil in the Northern lands of Middle-Earth, had a handful of heroes not shone their light upon this path. Their stories, too, deserve to be told. An ancient evil has arisen from the shadows. Sauron's evil has gathered, its malice inflaming all those who follow his ill-gotten cause. In the north, he sends Agandaûr, the cruel master of dark sorceries, who would crush all those who dare oppose him. Though against this rising shadow stand those who do not seek glory, nor power, but those who would stand to fight the onslaught, to protect their people and their lands, before all of Middle-Earth fades into blackness. Pay heed now to one such tale that begins in the town of Bree, just a few short days before the arrival of four young Halfings. Beyond the comfort of the inn, a storm waged upon the folk of Bree-Town. The rain fell against the pavement with force, and high winds howled harsh as they blew in from the North. The otherwise bustling town was now silent, the darkness of the night silencing all who dwelled there. Life came only from within the scattered buildings, and it was in the Prancing Pony that most men found their amusement this night. Amusement, however, was not all that awaited. In the corner waited a hooded figure, the red ashes within his pipe illuminating his jaw as he inhaled the tobacco. He was not unmissed by many the men in Bree, for to them he was Strider, a ranger. They thought him no more than a troublemaker perhaps, one that was followed by ill company of which no welcome would be offered to in Bree. But, Barliman Butterbur would offer little complaints on the matter. After all, this Strider was a paying customer, and times were not as prosperous as they had once been at a time long ago. Strider was not, at that night, the only odd folk to find themselves in the Prancing Pony. A company of three too found themselves at the doors of the inn, being waited on by the ranger. They too were clad in cloaks, though not even the drunken fools that sat around them missed the fact that it offered little anonymity, for the grace that touched their lives was too obvious. Elves they were, First Born of Ilúvatar and the fairest beings to wander through the lands of Middle Earth. They ignored the glances the men bared, for their mission was one of both haste and secrecy, and no time could be wasted on those in various states of inebriation. The three walked towards the corner inhabited by Strider, and the cloaked ranger brought a hand to his heart in greeting. He looked towards the other inhabitants of the inn before speaking, making sure that no unfriendly ears were listening. Nonetheless, he spoke in hushed whispers, speaking to the elven kind in their own language. "Elladan and Elrohir, sons of Elrond! I am glad to meet you here this night. And in the company of Andriel, of Imladris no less!" He nodded his head towards the she-elf, a courtesy returned by the elf. "I need not tell you of the dark times we are in, for I can sense you know it well, and bring with you news that pertains to the Chieftain of the Dunedain. Last I knew you were in Sarn Ford, what tidings does Halbarad send me?" The twin sons of Elrond did not answer immediately, instead looking to their companion. Through words unspoken, she turned towards the men and watched intently- a precaution. Speaking now, Elladan began. "What news we have for you, Estel, is grim indeed." Elladan sat across from the ranger, sighing after speaking. "I feared it would be so," he sighed, "Speak low now, and quickly! For the ears of the enemy may be even here." The she-elf with the brothers turned now, looking towards Aragorn as she spoke. "Three days past the guard at Sarn Ford was attacked by nine black riders. You know of whom I speak." Andriel looked grim as she joined the others in sitting, the flickering light showing grief in her eyes. "Your men fought well- and brave. But the fear of the nine strikes even the bravest of hearts. We were overwhelmed and the enemy passed into the Shire." "This news, however, is worse than I had imagined. From Mordor they ride, and with them an aura of unnatural dread. Our folk could not hope to stand against them together! How bad were our losses?" "Many fell in the battle." Elrohir spoke, leaning closer to the two others that sat now at the table. "The loss would have been greater perhaps, but your Halbarad had the good will to fall back. We saved what men we could, and the injured now are being cared for." Aragorn sat silent as they informed him of the tragedies that befell his men, the grief in his eyes unhidden. He did not speak, in face, until Elrohir expressed his regret that the three Elves had not come to their aid sooner. "Your presence may have made a difference, but that difference is one which we will never know." He smiled softly towards his foster brother. "Do not despair, Elrohir Star-rider, over that which we cannot change." "There is more you must know. After the rout I returned in secret, and thus I witnessed the Nazgûl meeting with an ally- one of great power and malice." Andriel spoke, speaking softer now and casting a glance towards the inn. "They called him Agandaûr. He spoke of their master, and that he has stirred up orcs in the mountains as he had wished it so. They spoke of a force in the ruins of Fornost, and that there would be need of them soon." "Agandaûr," said Aragorn again, yet no trace of recollection could be found in his mind. "That is not all," said Elladan, gesturing for Andriel to continue. "This Agandaûr spoke of the Dark Lord, and that all this peril would be in the name of his wrath. If this Agandaûr indeed has a number of enemies in Fornost then our position grows all the more desperate." She shook her head in despair, leaning back slightly with a sigh. "I do not understand this. Why such hostility towards the peaceful Halflings? They are of little to no threat, I am sure of it." "I will say only this," said Strider, "There is a Hobbit of The Shire who comes this way now, and with him a… a great burden. Should it fall in the hands of the enemy it will mean doom for us all. This Halfling is adrift with enemies all around, and I must reach him before they do. You have many questions, of this I am certain, but I would not say another word on this subject. You have done much already, it is with regret that I should ask more of you." "We are all apart of this now, Estel. How might we aid you?" "Ride once more to Halbarad, to Sarn Ford. The threat of Fornost lays uneasily in my mind, and the Rangers of the North must be warned of this growing force. When once more our men are able to fight, they may be of service to our cause. The eye of the enemy must be kept away from The Shire at all costs! Help him, for I could think of no better allies than in the sons of Elrond Halfelven, and the Lady of Imladris." "Should we ride steadily through the night we will reach the Ford by first light," Elrohir spoke to the two with him as he saddled his horse, "The horses are rested, and the stars bright. Our travels shall be that of haste, if nature be all that would stand to delay us." The son of Elrond grunted softly, mounting his horse. He would have set off in that instance, perhaps, were it not for the realisation that he alone was mounted. "You seem restless, brother." Elladan let out a small laugh, caressing the mane of his own horse. "We shall make it to Sarn Ford before first light indeed," he explained, now walking towards Elrohir's steed, "Though, you would not." Before Elrohir had the chance to reply, his brother unravelled the rope that secured the horse to the wooden hitch. "How far were you expecting to travel whilst tied to a wooden hitch, brother?" Elladan laughed as his brother stammered, though he shortly stopped when Elrohir reared on his horse, causing his twin brother to fall back into the muddy land. It was Elrohir who laughed now, and Elladan swore beneath his breath. "I would find more maturity among children," spoke Andriel, coming forth from the stables with her riding gear on. The she-elf however could not help but smile at her second cousins, for light times as such were sure to be fewer now as darkness crept over the lands. "Come now, lest Elladan wish to have a bath, I see no reason why we should delay any further!" And so the three riders rode swift through the night, travelling the path of Greenway with mind not to stray too near to the Barrow-Downs; for within the ruins of Tyrn Gorthad was a strange and mysterious power. In years long since forgotten, the low hills were home to men of the kingdom of Arnor. Yet following the split of Arnor and the fall of Rheudar to Angmar, the region fell. In defence of the land he had stolen, the Witch King sent upon the lands evil spirits, where still the barrow-wights dwell with means to destroy the living. The camp at Sarn's Ford had been not long ago a sight full of honourable warriors and their steeds, the Dúnedain rangers training and laughing together in mutual glee. But such a sight of honourable and humble warriors was no more, for now the men of the west were stricken with sorrow and fear; the sickness of the nine, no doubt. No longer were the green hills bright either, for even the eye of men could see in the distance an unnatural mist, which could only offer more gloom to the beaten rangers of the north. Halbarad stood at a wooden, makeshift table, his eyes fixed with a determined gaze upon the ragged map. The Ranger stood taller than most his kin, with sharp features and cold eyes that saw more than a common man could ever hope to see. Yet, for all his features, Halbarad was a humble soul that cared greatly for the lands of Arnor and the will of his chieftain. "Halbarad, friend!" Greeted Elrohir as the three walked towards the ranger. When he looked up it could be seen immediately the exhaustion in his eyes, and more than that; sadness. Around him were tents full of his injured brethren and on his shoulders was a burden of fear that some may not recover. There was a sense of shame within Halbarad, and overall despair caused from the events of late. "Have you fared well since we left?" Andriel asked next. She had felt uneasiness within him, something that caused further grief than the previous fighting. "All has been quiet," said he with an amount of hesitation. "For what reason has Aragorn sent you back to me? It is most welcome, I will assure you, I would have thought your presence would be needed elsewhere." "We have returned to offer you what help we may," said Elladan, looking around the camp. "How