A/N #1: Jenny: One long-ass author's note coming up... Can you believe it's been four years (& a month!) since we posted the first chapter of Coming Home ? And here we are again, on our FIFTH story together. What kind of craziness is that? Deb: Really crazy, 'cause I forgot how to do everything as a team… Jenny: I don't think it took us long to get back in the swing of things…although you had to kick my muse a few times. She's a sleepy bitch nowadays! LMAO Deb: *pours coffee* LOL We found the rhythm again. Jenny: So the idea for this one… Wasn't it mine? I wanted one with different powers. You took that idea and ran with it, and voila! Six was born. Deb: I couldn't help it. I'm a sci-fi geek/action junkie! ;) So yeah… Twilight meets X-men meets my crazy mind, I guess. LOL Jenny: When we started teasing it, someone asked if we were going to make them cry. I said maybe a little bit at the beginning. But really, this is much more action-oriented coupled with a sweet Edward/Bella relationship. There is drama, but not between our lovebirds. Right? Deb: No, not really. This took a different spin, I think. Supernatural, action, romance, with some suspense thrown in occasionally. We won't keep you guys. And we won't always have a lengthy A/N. Most of them will be at the end. Jenny: Just FYI, we start off with Edward alone this chapter, so it's all Deb. Next chapter will be both Edward and Bella, and from there, it's a mix. Sometimes the characters were wordy buggers. When that happens, they got a full chapter to themselves. We'll post at least once a week, on Sundays, with a surprise chapter during the week every so often. As we finish up writing it, chapters will probably come twice a week. But for now, I'll turn this over to Deb to introduce Edward! Deb: My fierce little 11-year-old Edward. I love him so… ~oOo~ Six – Chapter 1 EDWARD Chicago – Ten years ago Thump…thump – thump… Thump…thump – thump… The sound of the soft rubber ball had a rhythm I liked as it hit the concrete deck, the building's wall, and then back to my hand. It drowned out the noise in my head. There was always noise in my head. Dreams, curiosities, wishes, needs, wants, fears – they all echoed around in my brain, which hurt most days. Kids like me, whose parents got into trouble and we had no choice. And there were kids whose parents tucked them away like an ugly secret, like they'd just drop off a stray dog to the pound – we all had wants and needs. We wanted out of this institution. We needed a home, not a hospital. Well, a few of us didn't need this stupid hospital… Not all of us were crazy. With a grunt, I threw the ball harder. It hit the concrete and then the block wall, shooting way over my head. I glanced around me, tilting my head a bit before reaching out with my mind to stop the ball from going over the fence. If it went over the fence, there was no getting it back. Mrs. Cope wouldn't let us outside the gate – ball or no ball. I smiled when it halted midair, falling to my feet with a soft thump. I bent down to pick it up, rolling my eyes at Newton's attempt to sneak up on me. When I stood up, I turned around to glare at him eye-to-eye. Mike Newton was crazy; he'd set his own bedroom on fire just to see his brother scream. His brother had screamed and then died. And that's why he was locked up in here. His stay was court ordered. Mine was because my parents were deemed unfit. "Evil Eddie," he said with a grin, and his voice was raspy – the only result of the fire he'd set to his house – making him sound like he was going through puberty when he was only eleven. "Get away from me, matchstick." I went to push past him. I wasn't scared of the crazy kid. We were the same age, and even though he was bigger than me, there wasn't much I wouldn't see coming. His thoughts were usually right there before he acted on them. Today, he wanted a fight. He was feeling edgy and twitchy from seeing his parents and the fact that he wasn't allowed anywhere near matches, lighters, or anything that could start a fire. He thought of fire like a friend, and he missed it. Honestly, I just wanted to be alone. Alone was quieter. But with Mike usually came a group of boys that followed him around. And that meant loud, angry thoughts. My temples throbbed with it all. Wonder if Masen can really move stuff without touching it. I hope Masen swings on Mike; they'll put him in solitary for a few days. I bet he's just as crazy as Matchstick Mike. Hearing voices is schizophrenia. I heard the nurses talking… I rubbed my face, pressing the heels of my hands into my eyes to ease the pounding. I knew better than to answer any of those questions or show what I could do. I was a freak, according to my father, and a demon from hell according to my grandparents. Apparently, telepathy and telekinesis were evil or don't exist at all, and I knew better than to do anything in front of people. Usually, I could control it unless I got mad, which made me grimace, because that was what brought me here in the first place – losing control. Starting for the back door of the building, I considered seeking out Alice. The tiny thing had arrived at Brookside Psychiatric Hospital the same day as me, six months ago. She was only nine – two years younger than I was – and she was blind. But her thoughts were what I loved and what I kept secret. Alice could see visions of the future. Mike grabbed the sleeve of my shirt. "Gimme the ball, Masen." "No." I shrugged out of his grip and started for the door again, rolling my eyes when I heard his mind…and his footsteps. I ducked when he tried to tackle me, which sent him sprawling across the concrete of the back deck. As he started to stand, I contemplated mentally tripping him, but my head spun toward the playground area. Edward! "Shit," I hissed, throwing the ball in my hand at Newton's face and breaking out into a run toward the sound of laughter and tears. My temper exploded. Tiny Alice was in the center of a large group of kids – some of the more normal ones who were allowed to go outside. They'd taken her red-and-white cane from her and were moving the chairs so that she kept running into them. From behind her sunglasses, tears were streaking down her face. Edward, don't! Don't do it! You'll get into so much trouble! she warned me. Alice could keep secrets, too. She'd seen me and what I could do before she'd even come to Brookside. I couldn't stop, though. I hated this place, these kids, and everything around me. If I could, I'd take Alice away from here. My head throbbed with the thoughts of the circle of kids. They wanted to watch her fall, stumble, cry. They wanted her glasses to come off so that they could see her eyes, which were almost white. As I ran, my mind shot out of control and started to push and shove. I needed to get to Alice before she fell over the chair that was just a step or two in front of her, but as the crowd fell sprawling in several directions, so did some chairs and tables, and I was pretty sure the shrubs edging the deck ripped up from the ground. But I didn't get the chair in time, and little Alice stumbled, falling onto her butt, scraping her elbow. "Aw, Alice," I said, falling down next to her on my knees. "Why didn't you call for me sooner?" I whispered, picking up her elbow to see it bleeding a little. She shook her head and sniffled. Her dark hair was in her face, sticking to the tears. "Close your eyes," I told her, ignoring the idiots around me who were trying to figure out why they were several feet away from where they'd been standing just seconds before. I took her sunglasses off and wiped away her tears and hair as best I could before putting her glasses back on. I knew what her eyes looked like, but I wouldn't let these jerks win. One more glance around, I found her cane had skidded across the grass. I opened my hand for it, and it snapped to my grip. "Here," I said softly, putting the handle into her grasp. "Okay, you're good. Let's go see the nurse." Alice's little hand reached for me. "Someone's coming!" she hissed. Glancing around again, I looked for one of the nurses or even one of the security guys, but I didn't see anyone. Not yet, anyway, but it was really only a matter of time. Someone would squeal soon enough. "No, no… Someone's coming for us, Edward." Her visions were always so interesting. She hadn't been born blind, so her colors were right, but faces weren't always clear. However, she'd lost her sight when she'd had her first true vision – the car wreck that took her parents. It had scared her so badly that her eyes had burst just about all the blood vessels in them. She lost her sight and her parents but gained her ability to see the future. What she was seeing right then was a tall man, blond hair, cool blue eyes, and a woman with hair the color of honey. Alice had no fear of them, and I'd never seen them before, but for some reason they gave off a sense of hope and freedom. "Who is that?" "I don't know, but…they're here." "Whatever. Nurse first, Alice. You're bleedin'." She nodded, letting me stand up and then pull her up from the ground. When we started for the door to go inside, Mrs. Cope loomed in front of us. "What happened out here?!" she yelled, her round face turning red with her anger. "She fell. Someone took her cane," I said, smirking at how dumb she was, because her thoughts were so easy to manipulate. "Mike did it." Alice giggled softly from my side but said nothing out loud. "I'm taking her to the nurse. Mike's over there," I told her, and she locked her beady eyes on to Newton. "Michael Newton!" she yelled and started for him, and before she could change her mind, I guided Alice inside. The hallways were long and echoed with Alice's tapping cane, but she kept her hand in mine. We found the first-aid room and went inside. I expected one of the usual nurses but stopped cold when the man with the blond hair from Alice's vision was right in front of me. "Um…" I swallowed nervously. "She fell down," I finally sputtered out. The man's smile was small but warm and kind. "Well, then… Let's take a look, shall we?" He looked to Alice. "What's your name?" "Alice. And that's Edward. Don't make him leave." "I wouldn't dare dream of it," he said with a grin and a wink my way. "Edward." He nodded. "My name is Dr. Carlisle Cullen." "Sir," I whispered, sitting on the chair in the corner as he led Alice to the table, where he sat her down and began to pull out supplies to clean her elbow. "Quite the feat you pulled off out there," he pointed out, jerking his chin toward the window. My eyes widened,