Renesmee's: Midnight Noon Disclaimer: BTW twilight isn't owned by me, all rights go to the exceptional Stephenie Meyer A/N: The sequel for New Dawn has been finally published, and I'm happy to say, this will be one interesting story, filled with lots of drama of course and unexpected turns of events, new minor Characters will be introduced, I'll be posting as many chapters as I can because this will be a busy year :). New threats of course, just a quick heads up, if you haven't read New Dawn then I suggest you do that Lol. But I'm currently editing it so yeah… First Chapter is Renesmee's POV and then requests will be altered after Reviewing! Chapter 1: New Beginnings It's been almost one and a half years since the Volturi were destroyed and life as we know it has just began, no more fear of what the unknown will come to be, no more ha tred towards our enemies, no more long suffering and pain that we had to over come. I know this because it's no more, nothing is going to hurt our family again, nothing in this world could come between the people I love dearly, but because I couldn't lie convincingly even to myself, we all needed to be cautious because there is danger in the unknown world, so I can't bring myself to the conclusion our lives are going to be perfect now, but all I needed to worry about was that I have my family now and focus on the present not the future. The Volturi are no more and ever since then our family has gotten closer than ever, the three years have been a rollercoaster experience, we've had new additions to the family, and new relation ships being built, and I couldn't ask for anything more, than my large family. It's been An incredible journey so far and it's only just the beginning, a new beginning, I'm so grateful I have these people in my life, my parents, uncles, aunt, grandpa rents, brother, best friends and of course my loving, caring and my soul mate, Ja cob who I love more than anything in this world, and no one's going to come be tween us. I never thought I'd be with Jacob from the moment he told me he imprinted on me. I mean my entire life he was there. He even gave me freaking bubble baths and changed my diaper as a child so clearly I wouldn't imagine us together. But when the feelings towards him contracted in me, I couldn't help but feel completely drawn to him in a way I could never explain. I loved Jacob Black. He was my light, my soul, my air, ugh! He was my rock! Jacob and I were sitting in the living room me sprawled across his lap and him tracing soothing circles around my leg and fiddling with a stand of my hair as we began ranting about school next week and being excited for Senior year well mostly Jacob. "Gosh still can't believe its senior year!" I said unbelievably, Jacob smiled and nodded and bent down to lay his head on my chest. "Yeah just yesterday we were walking down the corridor halls. It's even hard to believe I look like a 27 year old and still in high school." He said. I smiled and I played around with his cropped jet black hair, we were interrupted by a dis tinct voice of someone, laughing. I titled my head to see who it was and saw Carmen ap proaching the room fiddling with her phone, she sat on the nearest couch and just carried on laughing, I chuckled at her. Carmen has grown like a weed these past months but that's what being a hybrid does to you, she physically looks 12 and growing every day, Carlisle predicts her growth rate will slow down to an almost normal rate by next year and she'll be skipping two grades and attending Forks high. "Well hello to you too." I said, she didn't answer. I started flicking my fingers to get her attention "Oh earth to Carmen!" I said she looked at me. "Hmm?" she said I raised my eyebrow at her "Oh sorry hey, just laughing at the most hilarious thing" she giggled, I smiled. "Well why don't you elaborate me this 'So called' hilarious thing?" I asked emphasizing so called. "Oh you wouldn't get it" She got a text. "Oh have to go see Brody bye guys" she said running up the stairs. Brody was Carmen's friend from school who she's got ten really close to for the past months, they seem to be more than just friends due to the multiples of times they see each other, but she'll always assure me that they're just close friends, but I don't believe her. I'd always tease her about it as suming she'd get angry or deny it but she always blushes afterwards. I frowned at her and turned to Jacob. "What was that about?" I asked he shrugged and kissed my collarbone "Am I getting old Jacob" I asked him, he chuckled. "You'll never grow old love" he said, I sighed, he smiled and kissed me gently on the lips, it soon became urgent until someone interrupted us. Diego was standing there looking awkward. "Hey um Jake, would you like to play Video games with me? Jasper got me a new one however I can't play it with him because his in the room with Alice." he said looking awkwardly, Jake chuckled. "Yeah sure kid will be up in a few," he said, getting a huge grin from Diego, then we saw Carmen leaving the house, Diego frowned. "Where is she off to?" He asked us, I smiled, Diego has grown quite fond of Carmen and always smiles when he sees her, and is always protective of her I have a slight feeling he might have a crush on her or something. They've been really close from day one since they're the youngest ones in the house. Diego has also grown unprecedentedly fast since he moved in with us and growing everyday he now physically looks 10-11 years old, not too far from Carmen's age. "Oh she's going to see Brody" I said, he's small smirk fell from his face and nodded. He doesn't really like Brody that much oh what the heck I think he might as well hate him because his always spending time with Carmen. Well at least that's what I thought. "Oh…" was all he said, his sparkling blue eyes welling up. I looked at him sympathetically. God, he was so cute when he looked sad. "Don't worry she'll be back in no time." I assured him he just nodded and left the room. "Cute hey" I said to Jacob, he sniggered and kissed me on the lips. "Yeah" I said, then he looked at me in the eyes with an evil grin and I frowned in confusion until it got to me, he began kissing my neck sucking it, which let me give a soft low moan, and him nibbling on my collarbone, I gasped lowly and threaded my hands through his hair "Jacob…" I breathed trying to get his attention but he carried on kissing my earlobe and not answering "Jake…" I called out again but he still ignored me only one way to get his attention. "Jake how do you picture our kids?" I asked, he came to a complete stop and looked into my eyes and frowned in thought. "Um well I always pictured them to have your chocolate brown eyes, your beauti ful face, your pink cheeks, your bronze hair, your perfect pale skin that glowed in the sunlight, and your gorgeous smile that I love" he said kissing my eyes, my forehead, my cheeks, my hair, my skin and my lips in a gentle kiss, I chuckled. "So in other words you want mini me's" I asked him with a slight giggle. "Maybe" he smiled and kissed me strongly as he stood up, I wrapped my legs around his waist and kissed him strongly and passionate with an equal amount of love, he sat me down and I furrowed my eyebrows. "I've got a kid waiting for me remember?" he asked, I smiled and nodded, he pecked me again before heading up the stairs. "Oh I'm going with Laura today to get some lunch, want anything?" I asked. He looked in thought. "Surprise me." was all he said, I nodded and took my phone out of my pocket and checked my contact list and landed on Laura, I dialed her number and she answered on the first ring. Laura moved back to her house she lived in with her parents because they moved back here like two weeks ago, so we didn't get that much time to spend time together. Her parents moved back because since it's her last year in high school they don't want to miss any events happening in her life, from prom to graduation and beginning accepted to Oxford University. "Hey Nessie Wessy" she joked using her nickname she gave me. I rolled my eyes even though it's annoying it's still cute. "Hey Laurie, so you still up for today" I asked her. "Yeah I'm on my way, be there in a few" she said to me, I smiled. "Great oh and if you come before hand, oh who am I kidding of course you will because my brothers here, and I bet we won't leave just yet" I said jokingly, I could literally hair here roll her eyes. Laura and Jason have been extremely serious and I wouldn't be surprised if they come home engaged or even eloped, but I'm sure Alice will have something to say to that. "Bye Nessie" she said, I chuckled and hung up and went straight to my room to get ready for the day when I was done I passed Diego's room and saw Jacob and him playing a game I'm not sure off and after Diego won a match he jumped up. "Wahoo" He screamed in overjoyed "I beat you, and you didn't even try" he said and sang victory, I laughed at his enthusiasm, he then bowed down "Thank you, Thank you" I giggled then Jacob started tackling him and messing up his hair. "Oh you're getting it son" he said and Diego just screamed for help, Jacob started throwing him in the air and Diego squealed. "Ok ok I give up, please put me down" he said and Jacob sat him down and patted his head, I smiled at the scene almost had tears threatening to fall at how good Jacob was to kids. I always wondered how he'd be with our kids. He caught me staring and smiled. "Hey," he said, and Diego looked at me with a smile. "I'm off now just wanted to let you know" I told them and they nodded, Diego smiled. "Please May you get me pizza that food is diverting?" he asked, for a hybrid he was really smart. I mean I know that's one of the characteristics but at that age I was more of a minor. "Yeah of course" he smiled and carried on with the game, Jacob walked up to me and held both my hands. "Need a ride" he asked, I shook my head. "No I'm going with Laura because she had to insist" I said, he smiled and kissed my forehead "I'm going to miss you" I told him. "I'll miss you too Ness" he said as he pulled me into a long hug, I heard someone laugh from behind. "It's like you guys aren't going to see each other for months, instead of 2 hours" Jason joked, and I rolled my eyes and turned to see Laura and Jason smiling at us. "Come on we're imprints what do you expect" I said and he