Wal-Mart Fun! Zaylin Black "Do you actually think we can pull this off?" I asked Jace as we stopped and stared at the store. I heard him sigh… "Ah…Wal-Mart…what a beauty," Jace said as he stopped his bike. I rolled my eyes. Oh yeah, Jace…My arch nemesis – and some of the time –my own personal troublesome of a best friend. We've known each other ever since my family and I moved to California about seven years ago since my parents are these 'it' celebrity, with my mom being a misunderstood -popular professional fashion designing, sketching dresses for top designers from Betsey Johnson, Fernando Sanchez –I'm surprised I even know these names – and our very own Alice Cullen. I said she was misunderstood because she wasn't really so much in the public eye, because she didn't like that kind of attention very much so she usually worked at home and sent her designs over e-mail. And not to mention the fact that she opened her own dance studio not so long after the twins were born and uses it for children with dreams of becoming dancers one day. Whilst for my dad, he's in the public eye…a lot. He owns an Auto Repair shop that I usually work at afterschool, which makes him quite the business man. Every celebrity goes to his workshop even the publicist of Calvin Klein saw my father's 'underwear built' body and organized something for him to model for their line. My father was a little hesitant at first because he wasn't exactly in love with the idea of modeling in front of the entire USA…wait let me rephrase that. The entire world! But my mom thought it was a good idea and scarred –may I say my dear 11 year old life – by saying he'd look even more 'sexier' to her and you don't want to know what happens next… Anyway, long story short. His pictures sold and the entire world wanted more of the infamous Jacob Black and he became a regular model for the line for 4 years. I guess that explains how we're thrown into the mix. "I don't like this idea." I told him as I saw the sign of Domino's Pizza. That was my favorite pizza restaurant and the thought of not returning there because of this incident then I wasn't all for it! "Hey dude, don't be such a whimper-y-pussy, we can do this! And it'll be epic!" He said. I sighed. I really didn't like this idea. "I'll race ya. Right on three. One…two…" Then he began sprinting towards the back of the store with his BMX. I sighed. It wouldn't hurt to have fun on my last night of my Summer Break. It was mischief day anyway. I then suddenly climbed onto my BMX and began riding along. I found Jace waiting for me at the open back, putting his helmet on. "As a wise-man one said, safety first." "I think a wise- women came up with that phrase." I reminded him. He rolled his eyes as he and I fixed our knee and arm pads. When we entered the store we got off our BMX's and began straining them along like we owned the place and was just feeling the bikes out. It was good that we came in to the biker's collection. "Hey!" The security called out as he came up to us. I shut my eyes closed. "It was nice knowing you dude," I said to Jace. He just scoffed. "What are you doing?" The big bald security asked curiously as he had his hands on either side of his belt which he carried a stick and pepper-spray, and no gun…? How lame can Wal-Mart be? Jace and I began to panic. "The entrances are that way kids." He said giving us a chuckle. I laughed along and when he was gone Jace and I made sure to squirm away from any kind of trouble. Not that we aren't already going to be in trouble… Jace then suddenly jumped on his BMX and began showing off his tricks in front of the open area. All the little children began grouping themselves around him watching him do forward flips, a pop shove it and some other tricks. "Whoa!" "I want to BMX like that some day!" "Come on dude; let's show these punks a show!" Jace called out. I chuckled and joined in the center. I began showing off my tricks and tried my 50/50 rail where the carts were. I then did a front-side 360, landing perfectly on the ground. The kids cheered. Jace then maneuvered himself so he was on the cashier banks. "Hey get off there!" And old cashier lady called him out then grabbed her phone and called the security. I shot my eyes wide open when I saw the security walking up to us like some kind of SWAT team. "Uh dude! I think we need to get outta here!" I told my friend. "Wait, I'm just about to do an Olli…" He told me. The security began sauntering faster towards us and I began riding over to Jace. I patted his back and signaled to the huge gang behind us. He widened his eyes. "What are standing here for?" He called out then began riding away. I followed his trail. "Hey you twerps, hold it!" The security man called out. Jace and I rode faster through all the compartments. "Dude this is wicked!" "I'd say so!" I screamed back at him. "I've never been in this awesome situation-" He began but cut himself when we rode by two hot girls. "Hey ladies, you wish you were me now?" He asked, flashing them his signature wink and they blushed and squirmed away. "Now's not the time!" I said to him as I turned my back to see the security running extremely fast. One was about to grab my shirt but I made a quick turn with Jace right behind me. "Zay look out!" Jace called out at me. I looked forward to see I was about to crash into an old ladies cart. She screamed in her old lady voice. I was lucky to have made a quick turn but found myself crashing into one of the shelves which caused the rest that followed to collapse as well. If it couldn't have gotten any worse, Jace ran into me as well and we found ourselves in a pile of toilet paper and washing powder. The securities reached us and crossed their arms disapprovingly. Holy shit! "I can't believe this Zaylin Black. This is a big low for you and especially you Jace!" My wonderful mother said disappointedly as she crossed her arms on her chest and shaking her head disapprovingly. I lowered my head to the ground trying not to meet her chocolate brown eyes that were filled with hurt. To be honest, I hate disappointing my mother because I when I do, I have this stir in me and picture how my mother died. I didn't want that to happen to Nessie. "Jacob please just say something about all of this. Tell our son that what he did was completely irresponsible even at his age!" Renesmee said to my amused father standing beside her. I knew he was just pretending to be stern. "Mom, I'm only 18-!" I began to protest but then my mother just had to interrupt. "Exactly!" she exclaimed. "And that's exactly why you have to set an example to your younger siblings." I nodded in understanding. My mother was right, what I did was utterly immature for my age. I had to change and fast. "To be fair, he's probably influenced by Jace-a-lot here!" My sister ejected as she pointed to Jace. He just gave her a dirty look. "Jace-a-lot!" he mocked her. She glared at him. "Hey that's actually a good nickname. Jace-a-lot… Ya know, Rosie, you're very useful sometimes, underneath that thick obnoxious skull of yours filled with fro-" He provoked her. Rosie growled and clenched her fists together taking a step forward. "You better finish that second or I'll rip-" "Hey!" Jake called them out. They stopped to look at him. My father had this tone to his voice when he was angry, you had to obey him. "Enough, you too," He said firmly. They both nodded feeling a little ashamed as they stared at the ground. Jace slowly lifted his middle finger and sent it to Rosie when my parents weren't looking. I guffawed lowly. My father took a deep breath after my mother whispered something into his ear. "Look son, I know you were having pure fun but what you did out there almost got you into jail and I'm pretty sure you're mother and I will be getting a huge bill for the shop because of broken equipment." "Yeah dad, I get it." I said with a nod. "You see babe, he gets it." My father said to my mom who just rolled her eyes and nudged for him to continue. He sighed. "Pulling a prank like this is one thing but doing it at a local store is insane! If I were four years younger…I'd-I'd punch you!" He said with the best amount of anger he could pull off to satisfy my mother. I frowned. "What? Dad that doesn't even make sense," I said to him. He just shrugged. "Well it does to me." He shouted. "Now you're grounded for a week." He said. My eyes widened. "But dad, my first championship practice for the season is tomorrow afterschool! I cannot miss it!" "I've got a solution. You're not going to the basketball championships." My mother said. I widened my eyes even wider. "But mom-" "Ah ah, we're making it a deal." "But come on honey, the kid learnt his lesson. He's been dreaming of about championship day since he was a kid, could you at least give him two weeks of grounding?" My father backed me up. He and I always played basketball in our backyard and he was a coach once so he knew how important it was to me. "Thank you! Wait what?" I asked realizing he added another week to it. Jace and Rosie chuckled lowly. "No…" Renesmee said firmly. I sighed knowing I lost the battle. "Now clean up!" She ordered and then walked out of the room with Rosie right behind her. I'm sure she was going to convince my mom that Jace had everything to do with all of this. God those two fucking hate each other! I wouldn't call it hate but more of a…constant never-ending dislike for each other. Like Rosie would always say. My father just stared at me and shrugged, I just nodded. "Sorry buddy. But that's mom's orders." He told me. I sighed. "Yeah, I knew it was a long shot anyway. But thanks for the effort dad." I said patting his shoulder. He smiled back. "You know that whole act I pulled was just for effect hey. I'm not pissed at you whatsoever because that stunt you pulled was sick!" He said patting both Jace and I's arms. We laughed and we rubbed our arms at how hard my dad hit us even though he didn't mean for us to be pained. He was just naturally strong. "Yeah, I think we figured." I laughed. "You probably shouldn't tell your mom this because you know she gets a little crazy," He said with a chuckle. I smiled and Jace chuckled. "Anyway, I'm so excited to see you guys play at UC next year!" My dad said proudly as he smiled at me. My life's dream was to become a professional basketball player. I mean from the beginning, I've dreamt of playing in the Yankee team for baseball but that kinda shifted away from my mind when I saw my first NBA match with my father one day and I just fell in love with