This is the sequel to my 'Midnight Moon' and the finale installment to my series, where it follows mostly where the Cullen's are in adulthood. We'll be seeing more of Carmen, Diego and Cathy. Things have changed in Forks Washington … Quick Recap! Laura is a vampire married to Jason and they share a child together Jacob and Nessie are proud parents Cathy's heading to senior year Carmen's having mixed feelings Diego's becoming a man Leela is opening up to her newly profound family The first chapter of a story is usually the greatest I guess that's why they call it a pilot in a series so I hope this isn't so bad…anyway, I was really pumped in writing this story from day one and it'll be more of a 'good' story, a few threats here and there but nothing major. I try my best to update chapters but I'm not particularly an anti-social person I do have a purpose in life so I'll update less this year (sorry) There will be spoilers of course but I promise not to continue, at least not until I'm done with New Dawn and Midnight Moon. I won't be revealing too much because well, I don't want to be hated so yeah. New start… First Chapter of Blissful Nights here you go… Blissful Nights Chapter 1: A New Chapter Renesmee Black "Adam stop doing that" I scowled my five month old son as he grabbed hold of my hair as I tried changing his diaper. He just giggled and brought my hair to his mouth "Now now Adam, you can't eat mommy's hair" I muttered to him. He his dark chocolate brown eyes furrowed in confusion. "Scolding our son won't make him understand babe" The husky voice of my loving husband chimed from behind me. I sighed as he wrapped his arms around me a kissed the base of my neck. It was a Tuesday early morning, 2:00am, and Adam woke us up for his hourly diaper change. I let out a light yawn as I carried on with his diaper "Come on love, let me take over…it's my turn anyway. Go sleep love" Jacob insisted as he saw my struggle. I smiled and nodded before turning back to my son and stroking his forehead and moving a strand of his hair. Adam purred at my touch, I moved so Jake could take over. "Hey there big boy" Jake whispered as he smiled widely at his child. Adam lit up in happiness as he saw his father's face. I'd be lying if I said Adam wasn't a Daddy's boy, doesn't mean he doesn't love me any less. I watched as my two boy's interacted "There, all done" Jake said proudly as he lifted Adam up and smiled. Much to his disappointment as the diaper fell right off and Adam urinated all over Jakes face. I tried my darn hardest to hold back a laugh but I sadly couldn't. Both Dam and I were giggling uncontrollably, luckily Jake found this amusing as well. "Now this is why I should be taking diaper control" I laughed as I took Adam from his arms. Jacob groaned as he wiped his self. "Fair enough, now he's definitely my son" Jacob scoffed. I nudged his shoulder as I scowled him "Just saying" He shrugged. I rolled my eyes "Seems like somebody needs a bath" I muttered to using a cute baby voice. Jacob agreed. "I'm talking to you daddy" I said narrowing my eyes at him. He just rolled his eyes and I giggled. "I'll be back" He muttered in a terminator voice. I chuckled and two minutes later I heard the water of the shower running. By that time I was about done with Adam and rocked him back to bed. "Did the little man sleep all right?" Jake asked as he came out of our bathroom with nothing but a towel wrapped around his waist. I bit my lip lightly at the sight. "Yeah, he's sleeping like an angel" I answered as I skipped through pages in the book 'What to expect when you've expected'. He smiled and nodded before pulling his boxer briefs on and lying on the bed beside me. He grinned mischievously and I knew what was coming. "Our four months are up" He said wriggling his eyebrows. I rolled my eyes "Come on love, it's been four months without sex…that's not healthy" he pleaded. Ever since Adam our schedules were entirely busy, Jake was busy with his Mechanic Company and I was too busy taking care of Adam so we hadn't really had time for 'us' time. "Um…" I contemplated. "I'm not really in the mood tonight" I told him. He pretended to look hurt and I couldn't help melting at his puppy dog eyes, which makes sense because he is one. "Are you sure?" He asked seductively as his warm hand trailed up under my camisole before slipping underneath my bra and fiddling with the lace (Oh, he was going to be the death of me). I moaned lowly as he trailed kisses on my neck and down my collarbone. I then brought his face to mine in a strong sensual kiss filled with lust. He moaned as our tongues met with each other, he placed his hot hands on the side of my hips and pulled me up so I was straddling him. We both carried on attacking each other with kisses. "So how is our day looking like?" Jake asked between kisses. He gripped my behind and did a little squeeze as I moaned. "I was thinking we'd take Adam on a play date with Laurine" I replied as I began unbuttoning my shirt. I felt his erection under me and I smirked slightly. Someone's excited. "I guess we have the whole place to ourselves then" He muttered as he began to suckle on my neck. He then traced his tongue down my chest as he continued unbuttoning my shirt. I gasped as I gripped a fist full of his hair in pleasure. He flipped me over so he was on top of me but not with his entire body weight. He leaned in to kiss me strongly and passionately. My right hand was on the waistband of his boxers whilst his hands roamed up and down my thighs. He then unclasped my bra and smiled excitedly. Our lips never departed from each other until he moved them so he landed on the base of my breast. I moaned suddenly. "Jacob…" I moaned. I could literally hear his smile on my skin as he continued kissing me. "Yes love?" He whispered. "I need-" I gasped but was cut off by a beeping noise. Jacob's head shot right up as he heard the distinct cry of our little bundle of joy. Jake groaned in frustration and lay on his side of the bed. "Parent duty calls" I joked as I buttoned up my shirt "Someone must be hungry" I laughed. "That makes both of us" Jacob mumbled disappointedly. I gave him one sympathetic look before getting out of bed and grabbing my robe… Jacob Black One of the advantageous of having a 5 month old son only a door away from us and having a baby monitor on the nightstand of our bed…is I never get any. "Parent duty calls, someone must be hungry" My wife said as she buttoned up her shirt. I let out a small groan. "That makes both of us" I muttered. She looked at me sympathetically before hovering on top of me. I grunted as she sat on me. Renesmee had an effect on me that I couldn't explain. Ever since we had sex on our honeymoon night, I couldn't keep my hands off of her. "Hey I'll make it up to you okay?" She assured me. I just smiled and pecked her lips. The monitor beeped even louder "May you get the milk bottle downstairs" she asked as she walked out of the room and into Adam's nursery. I flocked downstairs and opened the refrigerator to see five baby bottles filled with breast milk. I took the one that was labeled on 'Tuesday' and warmed it up. As I waited for the microwave to heat, I had an itch feeling on trying something new. I took one of the bottles and began sucking it. I let the sensation of the warm fluid dance on my tongue and my eyes widened…it was surprisingly good. "Jake?" I heard Renesmee voice as she stood on the door frame cradling our son in her arms. She frowned as she saw my tongue on the bottle. My cheeks instantly turned deep red. "Uh…just making sure it's not off…I g-guess it's not" I stuttered embarrassedly. She giggled uncontrollably. "Trying new things I see" she sniggered lowly as she feed our son. "Seems like daddy wants to share your food" Nessie cooed. My cheeks were literally on fire as my Nessie teased me. "It wasn't what it-" I tried to argue but she cut me off by shushing me and getting on her tiptoes and kissing my lips. "I get it, you like trying new things" She teased. I rolled my eyes and she just laughed lowly "We'll be in the room" she confirmed and began ascending the staircase. I'd usually be the one to protest and insist on taking the child up but she seemed fully capable of doing so. My cheeks were still bright as I lay back the other bottle into the fridge and making sure all the doors were secured before following back to our bedroom. Renesmee and Adam were perfectly perched on our bed as my wife's beautiful voice lullabies our son into deep unconsciousness into pure serenity. She sang gracefully as Adam yawned. " These dreams under my pillow, in the twilight of these white lights, these dreams under my pillow, in the bright lights of these white nights, of these white nights…" I closed my eyes as I listened to my wife sing. "He loves your voice" I blurted out. Renesmee spun around with an alert look but let out a smile and smiled adoringly at Adam. "You think so?" she asked. "Definitely, what child wouldn't like the sound of their beautiful mother's voice?" I said as if it were obvious as I lay besides them. Renesmee just smiled in response. "Looks like someone's full" she declared and if on cue, Adam let out a small little burp and a light sneeze. Nessie and I giggled at how cute it was "Okay I'll be back" she said as she laid Adam flat on my stomach and heading out of the room. "Well I guess it's just you and me son" I said to my little man as he tried crawling up my chest. "Your mother says you love her more but I frankly disagree, who doesn't wuv their daddy?" I said bringing his small hand in a kiss "You do love me more right?" I asked nonchalantly. He just made a cute baby look before he lightly puked milk on me. I laughed and smiled. "That's my boy" I kissed his head before he drifted off to sleep. Renesmee came not long after with baby wipes –thankfully – and laughed as she saw the small puddle of puke on my chest. "I asked him to." I whispered proudly but with a hint of embarrassment. Renesmee rolled her eyes. "Sure you did hon." She said before taking Adam lightly off my chest and handing me the wipes. I watched as she laid our son in his other crib we kept in our room whenever we needed his company. I got up to see he slept soundly asleep in his crib with his stuffed wolfie by his side. "He's so precious." Renesmee said in utter awe. I wrapped my arms around her waist staring down at our son. "He sure is, just like his mother," I