Gifts, Carols, Family forever Disclaimer : I unfortunately do not own Twilight all rights go to SM Authors note : This is a one-shot story which takes place 14 years after my series and 18 for BD. Where we go through the lives of the Cullen Children with their off-springs… This is a Christmas special and isn't what I envisioned for a future spinoff/canon to my stories so don't get your knickers in a twist and think I'm coping any of my fellow FF friends but the characters I've chosen are exactly what I wanted. I just thought it'll be fun for me to post these Festive seasons :) You might find a little spoilers but everything else is purely mind made Just wanted to clarify on the readers who are wondering what Purple Dusk will be, well it's going to be explained during the story so watch out for spoilers. Acknowledgments of this goes to my dear FF friends in no particular TrueTigress (Toni), KleoRose (Samy), Sibuna826Twihard (Kate), BellaNessieCullen (Nikki), MsRenesmeeCarlie (Alex) etc. and PeetaAndHerondales (Cathy) for inspirations for future Hunger Games FF's Thanks to all the readers who follow, favorite or even read my stories, I'll be forever grateful This takes place on the 24 th December 2026… Don't want to stir up confusion so I'll be introducing the kids for all the Cullen kids… Jacob/Renesmee Blacks (4 kids) Adam Joseph William- 13 April 2015 (11) Camilla Elizabeth Sarabelle- 8 November 2016 (10) Kevin Billy- 16 June 2019 (7) Kailey Isabelle - 16 June 2019 (7) Jason/Laura Cullen Laurine Esbella Christina- 4 July 2015(11(17) Andrew Jacob- 12 August 2022 (4(13) Seth/Cathy Clearwater Roben Harry Clearwater-19 September 2017 (9) Brandon Emmett Clearwater-21 January 2019 (7) Derek/Leah Parker Vanessa Sarah Talia- 23 August 2017 (9) Maya Helen- 6 September 2025(1) Don't worry I haven't forgotten Carmen and Diego because I put a little twist to it ;) " The Love of a Family is Life's Greatest Blessing. Family first, family forever " -Michael J. Fox 24 December 2026 Renesmee Black It was a very cold December day. The snow was sticking on the ground as snowflakes ceased from up in the heavens. The winter's day wasn't the only site I was interested in. The sight of my husband chopping down a tree in our huge backyard for the Christmas tree with his shirt off as his muscles flexed through the rhythm of the Axe. Jacob and I have been married for 12 years now and I could honestly say everytime I'm with him I fall in love all over again. That might be the imprint talking but I can say we couldn't be happier. We had a great life. No troubles. Great Marriage, Extraordinary house and… "Mommy, Kevin stole my spy collection"….and our beautiful kids. My fourth daughter Kailey moaned as she came to my side with her arms crossed with a pouty face. I smiled at how cute she looked. "I did not!" my son Kevin protested also entering the room. "Kailey is framing me" he mumbled also throwing a pouty look. "No, there's wonly one person that could've stolen it" Kailey argued as she glared at her twin brother. I watched as my kids bicker before I stepped in. "Okay sweeties," I began going on 'mommy mode' as I bent down to their length "Start from the beginning, how did you know your spy collection went missing?" I asked my daughter "Well when I checked my dresser today I found it missing. I thought I might've misplaced it but I'm not fibbing mommy" she said as a silent tear fell from her cheeks. I wiped it away instantly. Her spy collection - that she loves all so dearly- consists of spy gears (kid friendly of course). "I know baby I know" I muttered titling my head to catch Kevin looking kind of ashamed with slight amusement "What's going on here?" I heard Jacobs voice chime from the door. I turned my head to see him taking his shoes off and using a towel to wipe all his perspired sweat whilst my eldest son, Adam did the same thing. I was surprised at how he hardly looked like an 11 year old anymore, Carlisle estimated that his werewolf genes might be kicking in and he'll probably phase in the next year or two. " Your two children here are arguing about who stole and didn't steal Kailey's spy collection" I explained to my husband. He smiled slightly "It was Kevin I know it was!" Kailey exclaimed in obviousness. I held my face in my hands as the twins continued to bicker again "Would you guys please stop it, you're giving mom a headache" My eldest daughter Camilla came into the room. I smiled at her slightly "And you arguing ain't helping much now is it?" Adam added. Jacob ruffled our son's hair in thankfulness. "But Kev stole it I know it!" Kailey whined some more "I did not touch your …baby toys!" Kevin protested as both of the twins glared at each other. "Come on guys, tomorrows Christmas, wouldn't want Santa to ride you out for being naughty" Jacob joked as he eyed Kevin who shied away from his gaze. "Give her back her gadgets, now!" Jacob demanded calmly. Kevin then ran to his room and came back with the collection. "Now apologize…" Jake said with a smile which apparently made Kevin more nervous. "I-I'm sorry Kailey, he-here's your 'Totally Spies' kit" He muttered nervously as he handed it back to her. Her beautiful green eyes widened who she inherited from my father "Thank you, Thank you" she said pulling Kev into a hug before skipping up the stairs to her room like nothing happened. "Now was that hard huh Kev?" Jacob asked our son who lightly groaned but half smiled back before heading back to his room. I turned my body towards Jacob and sighed "Are you okay sweetheart?" He smiled stroking my cheek "These are your kids Jacob" I glared up at him. He just chuckled "No seriously, I have no idea how and what we gotten ourselves into" I sighed "Don't worry babe, before we know it they'll be out of the house and out of our hands" He said kissing my forehead. My eyes widened in dreadfulness. "That's what I'm dreading Jake, what if I can't let go of these rascals" I laughed. Jake rolled his eyes as he pulled me by the waist "Um, mom and dad…Is it okay if Callie comes over today?" Camilla asked innocently as her glistening hazel-brown eyes bored into mine. "Of course she can sweetie" I answered her. She beamed up a huge grin. Callie was my cousins' child "But we'll need to ask her parents' first" I reminded my daughter as Jacob kissed the side of my face with his hands cradling my stomach "She's asking them now!" Cami squealed so loud that I had to literally cover ears. Callie and Camilla were best friends ever since Cal was born and now since they caught up in age, they can now finally act normally without age difference getting in the way. She skipped happily back to her room and I smiled at her. "How are you feeling?' Jacob asked facing me. "Still a little nauseous but it's rounding it down to just exhaustion" I smiled. Jake chuckled and nodded "How's the shop?" I asked. Jacob opened his on auto repair shop downtown not so long after Adam was born and I can honestly say the business is booming. He hardly went the whole entire week because there was really no work for him to do. He anointed employees to do the job; his job is practically only signing papers for the owners which he also hardly does because of his assistant. "It's going great, we got two more customers today, but I don't need to go anymore for the next coming months" He told me. "Wait what?" I asked. "I thought maybe I need to be around to help you with everything I can" He smiled his usual Jake smile that made my heart skip a beat. "Jake, you don't have to…" I began but he cut me off "I want to, I miss being with you and the kids. And I don't think I could have that with the business and patrolling" He answered. I nodded sufficiently "and besides, let's think of this as a…maternity leave" He said. I giggled and rolled my eyes. "Oh Jacob…" "Dang it, die aqua-man die!" We heard our son Adam groan as he murdered on his gaming console. "Adam" Jacob warned. "Didn't I tell you not to use that word again?" "Sorry dad" Adam called back after all, this was a big house. I giggled and walked back into the kitchen with Jacob on my tail. "What are you cooking today love?" Jacob asked in interest. I smiled "The famous Black buffet" I replied "I was thinking because we're heading to the Cullen house tomorrow morning then we'd have the buffet today" "That's why I love you" Jacob said in adoration "I thought you loved me because I gave you kids" I said raising my eyebrow. "That too" He said walking up towards me. I was currently by the stove cooking up a storm when I felt his arms wrap around me with his lips right behind my earlobe "Did I ever tell you how radiant you look now?" He whispered as he bit me lightly. I giggled. "Yes like a thousand times Jake" I let out an eye roll. I could feel the smile spread across his face. "So what are our plans for today?" Jacob asked as I began breakfast. "Well I was thinking I'd fetch Callie for the play date with Cami today and quickly go for some last minute Christmas errands" I replied. Jacob just smiled as he kissed my shoulder with his arms still wrapped around my stomach. "Can you believe Kai wants a puppy for Christmas?" I guffawed. "But she has her daddy" Jacob said looking all so offended which wasn't doing any justice to his alter ego. I rolled my eyes. "Yeah but you're one big scary dog" I said with a soft voice as I turned to see him staring down at me with an absolutely gorgeous grin. "Hmm…big scary dog huh" He said picking me swiftly off the ground and onto the counter with my legs wrapped around his waist. "Doesn't she mean a big bad wolf ?" He asked raising his eyebrow. I smiled while wrapping my arms around his neck and shrugged. "Essentially" I simply said and immediately crushed my lips onto his in a hot fiery sensual kiss with such passion as I threaded my hands through his silky hair. His hands roamed all over me and I mean all over. His warm delicate touches were the most amazing sensation I felt all my life, where he'd move his hand in a sensual movement against my thighs up to my… "You guys are one of the top 5 most disgusting couples in the Cullen family" I heard my sister's sweet voice echo into the room as she came from the back door. Jacob laughed and I blushed in embarrassment. Leela is awesome. She's my twin sister whom I never knew about after 8 years. It all began the day I was born, my mom carried for about a month and everyone assumed that I was the only child. But what they didn't know was that there was a powerful being that could do abilities anyone could imagine. We found out about Leela's existence by my childhood friend Derek Parker, a Blueblood better known as Child of the Moon. He was in alliance with the Creseens when he found out about Leela. He informed us that they froze her and kept her hostage in a freezer cell as a child after they turned her into a crazed newborn, time flew