Hi, guys! Back with another story! Hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoy writing :D Disclaimer: I don't own HP characters or story plot. Just my own creations. Harry Potter - The Marauders Era "The Princess Marauder" First Year - September, 1971 I didn't know whether to be more scared or excited about my first year at Hogwarts. My parents had filled my childhood with tales of their years as students, colouring my bedtime with countless stories of their adventures and funny mishaps. My favourite was the story of how the two of them had met and how fate had worked its tricky, wonderful magic into bringing them together despite everything separating them. They had made love blossom in what everyone saw as a barren place. Hogwarts was more than a school for young witches and wizards. For me, it meant the beginning of a journey. Don't ask me how but I just knew it. I could feel it in the depths of my soul, in my very bones. It was a feeling as much thrilling as it was frightening. As my mother swivelled through the crowd of students and parents, dragging me along by the hand across the platform, I made an effort to control my racing heart from trying to burst out of my ribcage. There were so many people. Children of my age, who seemed just as nervous and who stayed close to their parents, and older students, running around to meet their friends and housemates. The loud churning of the train mixed with the sound of laughter and crying, and the cooing of the animals in their cages. White smoke poured from the long vehicle, creeping into my nostrils, tickling the insides of my nose. In my young eleven years old, I was incredibly overwhelmed by everything. "Ahh, there he is! Brennus!" My mother waved a hand in the air when she spotted my father. He swiftly made his way to us, grinning so widely that the corners of his bright grey eyes crinkled. "Did you take care of her bags? And her books? What about the cauldron? And the–" "Yes, my love," my father promptly interrupted her. He kissed her to be more effective in shutting her up and because he could never let an opportunity to kiss the woman he loved pass. I rolled my eyes; they were so mushy. "I've taken care of everything so quit fussing." "I do not fuss!" mom mumbled with flaming cheeks. I snorted at the blatant lie; she was certainly the most fussy and worrisome witch in the world. Realizing my father wasn't carrying my cage anymore, I scanned him up and down in panic. "Where's my kitty, Da?! You didn't lock him in the train, did you?!" I asked frantically. Dad pretended to think about it for a second, tapping a finger to his dimpled chin in a way it made me squirm in place. When he finally decided to end my suffering, he brought a hand to the pocket inside his tawny cloak, pulling out a small black cat, who struggled stubbornly against his holder. He had quite the temper for a two month ball of fur and whiskers. " Nicodemus !" I hugged the little cat to my chest and he immediately ceased his kicking, rubbing his head against the fabric of my orange knitted sweater, purring loudly. "That fellow's quite a sprite, dandelion, you should've gotten that yellow one instead," dad said as he showed me a bloodied scratch. I shook my head vehemently, hugging Nicodemus even tighter and petting his silky fur. "He's not a sprite, Da, he just likes me the most." "He only likes you, dandelion." "Which is why I love him so much!" My parents exchanged amused smiles, watching me brush my nose against Nicodemus ' head. He was so cute. We had found him in a shop at Diagon Alley and it was love at first sight for me. I just loved his fiery personality. "Now listen, missy," mom started in a stern voice that demanded attention, "I don't want to receive any letters about you misbehaving, alright? So you better ease off on that prankster streak of yours and focus on your studies." My father rolled his eyes. "Pay no care to your mother, dandelion, you mustn't ease off on anything. Just be yourself!" he objected, ignoring his wife's glare. "Honestly, Bren... if she behaves anything like she does at home with her brother, the castle will be turned inside out in less than a month!" "I know! Wouldn't that be fun?" He flashed me a cheeky wink, making me giggle. "Don't worry, Ma, I promise I'll try to keep the castle intact." "I do not believe you the slightest, Aurora," she replied with a look of both mirth and exasperation. Laughing, I hugged her by the waist, burying my face into the soft fabric of her dress. Her flowery perfume was too strong and it made my nose itch, but I loved it. God, I was going to miss them terribly. This was the first time I would be on my own, away from both of my parents... and it was absolutely terrifying. "I'm so nervous! What if I end up placed in a house where I don't belong and I can't make any friends?" I asked worriedly. "Nonsense, Aurora!" Dad lowered himself to my height, piercing me with fathomless grey eyes. I had those too, I had his eyes. It was perhaps our only connection to a family which was once ours before he was shunned for marrying my mother. "The Sorting Hat has never made a mistake before, dandelion, but it doesn't matter which house it places you into as long as you don't let it define who you really are," he said with a smile. "If you ever find yourself doubting the Hat's choice, just think of me. I am your best example of how truly possible it is to break free from a prejudiced stereotype." I grinned at those words. That was so true. "Now, come on; get that lovely bum on that train." Mom's warm voice was playful as she pulled me into another bone-crushing hug. "The beginning of your journey awaits!" After biding goodbye to them, I happily skipped aboard the Hogwarts Express to search for an empty compartment. Not long, the train whistled and left the station. I could feel the wheels reeling underneath my feet and the walls all around vibrating, forcing me to take shorter and more careful strides as I walked along the corridors. It was quite strange, I'd never been on a train before. Most of the compartments had already been taken, which only aggravated me more. I was anxious enough on my own, I didn't want to intrude on anyone. Although by the time I opened a seventh door and found it also occupied, I figured there really was no other option. With a sigh, I went for an eight attempt. I would take that one whether it was occupied or not. I stood in the doorway, frozen with surprise when one of the two occupants looked up at me with a familiar pair of eyes. Well what do you figure . We both blinked before breaking into matching grins. "Aurora!" "Sirius!" My cousin sprung from his seat and swooped me in his arms, laughing boisterously. "I knew I would see you sooner or later." I drew back, giggling. "Of course you would, there's only one Hogwarts school!" "Well yes," he said, rolling his eyes, "but you could've gone to some other magic school in Ireland or something like that." "I wouldn't even if I got into one. Hogwarts meant a lot to my parents, there's no other place I would choose," I replied with a smile. The other boy in the compartment stood up and poked his head around Sirius. He had brown eyes behind round spectacles and brown hair, from which a few rebel pieces fell into his friendly-looking face before he smoothly pushed them back. His grin was so arrogant that I could only assume he was probably spoiled as well, though he reminded me a little of Sirius in that particular way. "Hi!" "Hello," I drawled with a short wave. He stuck his hand out, grinning wider. "I'm James. James Potter." "Nice to meet you, James. I'm Aurora Rosier," I chuckled, gladly accepting his hand. He turned it around to gallivantly place a kiss on my knuckles, which only added to my amusement. "Hey!" Sirius snatched my hand away, glaring. "Hands off my cousin, Potter!" James shrugged and crossed arms behind his head, completely unbothered by Sirius' comment. "I'm pretty sure she's capable of deciding whether or not she wants my hands on her or not, Black." "Lovely," I muttered dryly. "Is he your friend, Sirius?" "Oh I wouldn't call him a friend exactly... we just met," he answered, still glaring at the arrogant boy. "Then it's not too late for us to switch compartments, is it?" I asked in a not so secretive whisper. "I see the comedian blood runs in the family." James plopped back on his seat by the window. "Although I can't say the same about good looks. Aurora is a far more wonderful sight for the eyes than you, Black." "Aww, you know what? I think I might like him after all," I joked, sitting next to him. My cousin shot me a playful glare before copying me and sitting in front of us. The rest of the train ride went by eventfully while the three of us became acquainted. James and Sirius spent the entire trip bickering like a married couple. I didn't think I had ever laughed so hard in such short period of time. Like I figured, arrogant or not, James was just as bad as my cousin. Sirius and I weren't exactly close cousins. My father's sister was married to his mother's brother so it was probably safe to assume we didn't exactly share the same blood, but it was possible some of our oldest ancestors might have. All Pureblood families seemed to be related in some way, and it would've certainly explained the colour of our eyes being passed down generation after generation. We met when we were about six years old when dad took me to Sirius' uncle, Alphard, birthday party. He was pretty much the only remaining member of my father's family with whom he still kept contact with. Even if uncle Alphard was just my father's brother-in-law's brother, he had stood up and supported dad's decision to marry my muggle-born mom when no one else did, and for that he would always be dear to our family. Alphard's unprejudiced and good nature was Sirius' blessing and it was to his house he always ran to when his parents' wickedness became too much to handle. Lucky for him, after we found each other and became good friends, he had my house to run to as well. My parents absolutely adored Sirius. Although he did make my mother insane sometimes with his pranks. When the train arrived at Hogsmead station, the biggest man I had ever seen called all the first years to follow him. I rolled my eyes at Sirius and James who were making fun of the poor man as they trailed after me. Yep , I thought, they were definitely a match. The giant man, Hagrid he said his name was, led us down a narrow path which ended right on the edge of a wide lake. As we climbed into the small wooden boats, like we were told to, I stared in awe at the tall castle perched on top of the mountain on the other side. Wow. The tallest of the towers almost seemed to touch the stars in the midnight blue sky. Suddenly, I was overwhelmed by a sudden rush of excitement. I was finally there. I was finally at Hogwarts. Our