Hi, guys! So, just to provide some background on this story, I would like you to know I'm changing the plot quite a lot! As the moves forward, I will be explaining beforehand what I changed exactly and why. For now I just want to let you know Dumbledore didn't die during Harry's sixth year and there was no Death Eaters barging into Hogwarts and taking over, so everyone will be going back for their last year. And yes, this includes our beloved Professor Lupin, who will be given his job back. Also, my OC - Izzie - is, as you may have guessed, Dumbledore's granddaughter. Shocking I know, but it will all come together eventually, I promise, so stick with it okay guys? Now, on with the story! Disclaimer: I don't own the universe of HP, nor anything related to it. I only claim the rights to my OC's. Chapter 1: New Beginnings & Old Jobs " Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, But anyone can start today and make a new ending." – Mary Robinson The old clock in the living room struck midnight, the deep strokes filling the silent manor plunged into the darkness of the night. The wind was whipping against the closed windows. Rain pouring on the rooftop with a hard tap tap . Paws moving from empty room to empty room, the scraping of claws very soft. So soft, she could barely hear it before disappearing. Then there it was again. Such quietness was asphyxiating for the young woman pacing back and forth in her room. She felt trapped by invisible gelid chains, the silence clenching her throat, clawing at her chest and broken heart. Her torment was a reflection of the storm raging outside, and she felt the tears threatening to burst from her eyes at any minute. Not even her little baby, so warm in his peaceful sleep, cuddling in her arms, soothed her agony. Isobelle felt more alone than she had ever felt. Her loneliness was consuming, and she was drowning in heartache inside her grandfather's big and terribly empty house. Her tired eyes begged for sleep but she couldn't find peace, and sleep would not come to her as easily as perhaps it should for someone who was as tired as she was. Her grandfather hadn't come home yet, even after being gone for three days, and she was worried. The howling of a thunder startled her. The baby moved in her arms, making soft loving noises, but still fast asleep. She rocked him a bit longer, then she settled him in the old wooden cradle, carefully tucking him into the soft covers. With a short wave of her hand, she switched on the baby mobile hovering above him between the lacy curtains. The music, a beautiful Celtic lullaby, filled her with an even greater sadness, flooding her mind with bittersweet memories. Her legs suddenly gave in underneath her and she quickly had to lower herself to the nearest window seat. Isobelle touched her forehead, assaulted by waves of dizziness. Maybe I should try and eat something , she thought. But her stomach didn't seem to agree with her as it suddenly chugged, shrivelling into a tight knot. She was washed over with relief when she finally saw the world straightening once more. Another booming thunder shook her. She stared at the dark clouds as they flashed white. Wherever her grandfather was she just hoped he was sheltered from that dreadful weather. Remus woke up with the first early rays of sunlight peeking through the holes in the ratty curtains of his room. He stretched his arms over his head until all of his overused bones cracked. Then he jumped out of bed, tuning out the little voice inside his head complaining about the sudden lack of warmth, and hopped into the old rusty cabinet for a long and cold shower. When he first realized his occasional jobs wouldn't provide enough money to make up for gas expenses, at least not if he wished to have enough food for the whole month, showering had been a bummer. Now however, he barely even flinched at the first gush of water. After a couple minutes, it was actually refreshing. His muscles didn't agree with him, though. Remus made his way to the kitchen after getting into a pair of brown khakis and shoving an old red knitted sweater over his head. It had hole in the right elbow but it was pleasantly warm. He searched through the cabinets for some breakfast, settling for a piece of cereal bread with a smear of jam and a nice sizzling cup of earl grey tea. He had just sat down and opened the Daily Mail on the crosswords section when the annoyingly high-pitched bell rang. Remus sighed dejectedly as he begrudgingly moved to answer the door. "Albus!" Standing in his front porch, Hogwarts' headmaster looked as if he had aged half a century as he leaned the weight of his body into an ivory cane. His grizzled frizzy hair was drenched, soaking through his grey robes. Remus shivered under the harsh dark blue of his bloodshot eyes. He had deep dark circles underneath them too. "I apologize for the early inconvenience, Remus. I hope I didn't rob you out of bed," he said. His voice was horse, raspy. "Oh no, not at all! Come in, please. You are always more than welcome here, Albus." Remus waved off his apologies as he stepped aside to allow him in. They moved into the kitchen where he guided Albus into an old chair, which he graciously accepted. "Can I offer you some tea? Or perhaps a strong cup of coffee would be better…" Albus arched a bushy eyebrow. "Do I look that bad?" Remus gave him a sheepish half-smile confessing, "Don't take me wrong but yes, you do look awful. What on earth happened?" "I believe I will take that cup of coffee after all, maybe a little bit of brandy as well if you have any." Remus complied. Albus ignored the coffee and took a large sip from the cheap brandy he had poured on a chipped glass. That bottle was a gift from Arthur and it had been under the sink for almost a year since Remus wasn't much of a drinker to have opened it for himself on his own. "My son's home was attacked last Monday, by Death Eaters. My son was murdered…" said Albus after Remus sat down in front of him. The hands he had around a porcelain teacup quivered and Remus accidentally spilled a few drops before setting it safely on the table. He stared at the older man for several moments, his exceptionally sharp mind struggling to grasp such painful news. "How, uh…" Remus choked on the words. It took him several breaths to finally croak out, "H-how did it happen… exactly?" "They were after something precious - something very precious." Remus' eyes widened with realization. "Isobelle." "Yes. They were looking Isobelle." "Did they catch her? Or is she-" "My granddaughter is safe, thankfully. She's currently staying at my place in Godric's Hallow," Albus cut him off before he could fear the worst. "It was a miracle she didn't happen to be home when they attacked. Or perhaps sheer luck." He nodded, clearly relieved. "What of the attackers?" "Two of them fled. Moody caught the third, the one who killed Angus," he said. The blue of his eyes darkened, his jaw twitching. Remus could almost see the air around him snap with smouldering power and he knew, especially because he shared those same feelings, if the opportunity to make justice by his own hands was to arise, Albus wouldn't hesitate to seize it. "It was Lucius." Remus tightened his fists. He should've seen that one coming. From the time they went to Hogwarts, Lucius had always spited Angus, and the feeling was openly mutual. Their hatred towards each other only grew further after he joined the Marauders and went around pulling pranks on the Slytherins. They never stopped despising each other. "I hope they lock him in Azkaban for the rest of his wretched life," Remus spat through gritted teeth with an undisguised rage. "Unfortunately, it's highly unlikely. Lucius has built quite the resourceful list of acquaintances with his political influence at the ministry, but mark my words, Remus: this will not end here. I will bring down that murderer even if I must stain my own wand with blood." Remus shuddered with the icy coldness dripping from his voice. Albus shook his head, as if to clear off the red cloud of bloodthirst, changing the subject, "On another note… I was hoping you would've had enough time to consider the proposal I made you a while ago. Now might not be the most appropriate time for this, but I'm afraid I need an answer today. My staffing positions must be filled by the end of this month." "Right, about that…" Remus sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. "I don't know, Albus… after what happened four years ago I have serious doubts about being welcomed back with open arms at Hogwarts…" "Nonsense. You were the best professor those students ever had, Harry insists on reminding everyone of that." "Harry's opinion, despite very flattering, is also partially biased when it comes to me." "I'm obliged to disagree," Albus replied. His scolding tone made Remus squirm uncomfortably in his chair, briefly throwing him back to a time when he was only a student being lectured by his teacher. "Do stop trying to find excuses for not to be doing what you should've always been doing. It's as simple as this: would you rather go back to teaching, which you love more than anything, or would you rather continue to make due with the little income you're making and which barely gets you through the end of the month? The choice is yours alone, Remus." Even if it was, Remus knew deep down there was no choice to be made at all. Albus had hit the nail on the coffin - Remus loved to teach, it was his passion. "Alright, fine. I will go back to Hogwarts." Isobelle and Millie, the family house-elf, were just about done with lunch when her grandfather finally walked into the kitchen. She scrunched her forehead as she scrutinized him. She didn't fancy his weakened appearance, nor the unhealthy thinness of his face, even if she was likely to look fairly similar. He was wearing the same clothes from when he left, three days ago (maybe four, she wasn't quite so sure anymore), and they were dirty, yellow stained. The faint smell of alcohol was seeping from his dishevelled grizzly hair, from his long unruly beard. All of the courage she had been building up to face him slipped away. It took only an aching look from her grandfather and she couldn't pretend to be strong anymore. "We weren't expecting you so soon," she pointed out shortly, her German accent barely noticeable, as she turned her back to him. She tried to keep her shaky hands occupied with the stove and the cooking pots. Albus didn't answer immediately. He took some time, watching her move along the counter, keenly noticing she was thinner than her usual already slim figure and her legs were unsteady in their strides. Her hair was weaker too, her eyes swollen and red, her lips chapped from where she bit hard on them. A habit, he realized, she had inherited from her father when troubled with stress. "I shouldn't have stormed out like that on the other day. I'm very sorry, Izzie…" he said gently. When she gave him nothing more than a shrug of her shoulders, Albus sighed. "How is everything around here?" "Unchanged. Nate is still sleeping. I couldn't put him to bed until well past midnight last night so I hardly think he'll be waking up anytime