Percy stood in front of the mirror and tried not to fidget like a little kid. He was wearing a suit. A very nice, very expensive, very uncomfortable suit. He hated suits. On top of that his hair looked like his mom had done it this morning (which may or may not be true) and he generally looked like a dork. It took every once of willpower he had not to mess it up. Instead he paced around the very small room, his mind going a mile a minute. He kept thinking 'It's happening. Oh my god, it's really happening.' over and over again. "You're not getting cold feet are yah?" said a familiar voice from the doorway. Ripping Percy violently from his thoughts. (Well, thought) His face broke into a grin, he went to hug his friend "Luke." he said "We were worried you weren't gonna make it." "You look like a loser." Luke replied "Here." he ran his fingers through Percy's hair and adjusted his shirt a bit. When Percy checked the mirror again, he still looked way to formal for his liking, and the pants still itched in all the wrong places. But at least he looked something more like himself. "You didn't think I'd miss this, did you?" "What time'd you get in?" Percy replied "Uh, just now, actually. I had to take a cab and there was traffic on-" "You took a cab from Washington D.C.? The fare must've been insane." "Well does that mean I can get out of getting you guys a present?" Luke suggested Percy laughed "Not a chance. Did you visit your mom like you planned?" Luke's face fell. "I take that as a yes then." Percy supplied "She's not getting better. If anything she's getting worse. It was like she was looking right though me." "Ah, man, I'm sorry. I should've mentioned it." "Don't worry about it." Luke said. But for a moment he didn't say anything and Percy could tell there was a lot weighing on him. Not just his mom, either, Percy wondered if things had gone alright on his trip to Washington. Then Luke clapped his hands and put on a smile again like he didn't have a care in the world. "But enough about that. You little runts are finally tying the knot. Let's talk about that." "Oh, actually, could you do me a favor?" Percy asked, picking up a small boy from the table "For obvious reasons, I've been locked out of Annabeth's dressing room. Would you mind running this over to her? It's her, uh, something new." He handed the box to Luke. "Sure, no problem." he turned to go "Oh, and Percy? Don't play with the bowtie. If that comes out it'll take forever to get right again." "You're telling me." Luke went down the hall and found Annabeth in a very different state then Percy. He had been pacing around, trying not to freak out or do something stupid, Annabeth was standing almost too still in front of the mirror, admiring her wedding dress and lost in thought. she almost didn't notice when he came in. Then she smiled and hugged him, just like Percy had. Annabeth looked beautiful in her wedding dress. Her golden curls were pinned back in some fancy up-do. She wore a diamond pendent and a bracelet with a blue stone on a black cord, but otherwise no jewelry. Even though he knew she hated make-up she was wearing a modest amount, just enough to bring out her best features. "How'd things go in Washington?" She immediately asked "What did the Senate say?" His expression must've given it away because then she said "Oh, not good huh?" "Kinda the opposite of good. But let's not worry about that right now." Luke said "Well . . . what did they say? I mean, we can't just expect them to jump on the mutant bandwagon right away but . . ." Luke sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. Couldn't these two just babble about what flavor cake they were serving? "Well, it might've gone alright but then this one Senator, Senator Octavian I think, he made this big speech about how dangerous mutants are. He turned everyone against me. He said mutants should be registered. That way if a mutant went to apply for a job, say, the boss would know they were a mutant." "And have total right to not give them a job on that fact alone." Annabeth concluded "It was open to the press. I froze. I . . . I messed up. And now a bunch of mutants are gonna pay the price for it." Annabeth took his hand in hers "Well, we just have to look at this as one bump in the road. Going public was going to have negative consequences. We knew that. But the masses would've put it together eventually anyway. At least we went to them on our own terms. It'll work itself out. It just has to." Luke smiled. He'd been expecting her to take this a lot worse. Maybe there was an upside to telling her on her wedding day. "Oh, hey." he held out the box Percy had given him "I just saw Percy. He wanted me to give this to you. He said it was your something new." "Oh, God, he's kidding." she said when she opened the box. She showed it to him and inside were two silver owl earrings. Luke laughed. "How tacky can you get for a wedding?" she remarked "Well, at least you don't have to worry about your something blue." Luke commented "Oh, God. Don't get me started." she said. The whole reception hall, Luke had glanced at in on his way in, was decked out in various shades of blue with just a few splashes of white here and there to break it up because Annabeth had insisted on it. "You know, I let Seaweed Brain put together the sound track, for the reception. He wanted it to be a surprise or something. And if it never once plays 'Under the Sea' I'm going to be extremely surprised." "You let Percy put together the whole sound track?" "Well I had Rachel look it over and make sure there wasn't anything too appalling on there." She said "Oh, and look at this." she held out her wrist with the bracelet on it. "Sally was just I here and said it could be my something old and something borrowed. She said Percy's father had given it to her when they were on that beach. You know she really is a sweet lady I'm glad she's going to be part of my family." "Yeah, she is." Luke agreed "You're folks come in last weekend right?" "Yeah." was all Annabeth said. Her relationship with her father and stepmother was . . . complicated. But Luke knew she'd be upset if they weren't there. "Oh, hey." Annabeth said suddenly, she went to a coat that was hanging on the door behind him, fished something out of the pocket, and handed it to him. "Could you give this to Percy? I have no idea if it'll fit but it's worth a shot." "Am I basically going to be a delivery boy between you two all day?" Luke commented "Oh, not all day. Just for, like, the next hour." Annabeth replied "Now c'mon. Get out of my room." she pushed him through the door. Once Luke was gone and Annabeth was by herself she took a deep breath. 'It's happening. It's really happening.' She thought She went back to looking at herself in the mirror. Her dress was lacey and showed maybe a bit too much cleavage. It had selves and fit tight in the tummy. She could never believe how much of a fuss everyone made about impractical things like her make up and jewelry. It was just a wedding. Not like she was being crowned Queen of England. But for some goddamn reason, now that the day was actually here, she felt it impossible to tear herself away from the mirror and looking over every stupid dental of her face for the millionth time. She picked up the owl earrings Luke had brought over and sighed "Aw, hell." she said and put them in. That was when she heard the gunshots. They were followed by screaming and sounds of panic. Annabeth immediately ran out of her room to see what was going on. She looked up and down the hall frantically, her heart pounding in her chest. She ran for the reception hall because it sounded like that's where the shots had come from. When she got there she didn't feel any better. The whole wedding party and all the guests had been corralled together by about a dozen masked people with machine guns. Annabeth spotted bullet holes in the ceiling, apparently to scar them since Annabeth didn't see anyone dead or injured yet. Percy was in the front of the crowd, trying to ask them why they were here, what they wanted. But they didn't seem to be listening. "You abominations think you can do whatever you want. This wedding is an outrage! We will nip your kind in the bud, not wait around for you to reproduce and come at the humans!" one of them snarled Annabeth felt like she'd had the wind knocked out of her. These people didn't want anything, they just wanted to kill mutants. Her mind started racing. No one had noticed her yet, there were only seven of them in headcount, maybe she could sneak up on them. If she could get one of those guns for herself, or at least make a diversion . . . Then Percy caught her eye. He didn't look as scared as the rest of them, and he gave her the tiniest shake of the head. No. Don't do anything stupid. Just get yourself out of here before they see you. He seemed to be saying But Annabeth couldn't just sit by. Who knows what these monsters would do. But then it was too late, one of the monsters looked behind themselves and noticed her standing dumbstruck in the doorway. Why hadn't she moved? She was out in the open, of course they'd see her. Stupid. She put her hands up and cooperated as they put a gun to her back. She thought they'd lead her to the rest of the crowd but them one of them said "I guess it's a safe bet this one's the bride. Least that's one we don't have to weed out." "You're right." said the one with a gun to here "On your knees." Annabeth didn't say anything and knelt. The gun remover itself from her back but she knew it was still trained on her. That, and at least, three others if she tried anything. "Witness the first of the Cleansing." one of the monsters said Then all then there was a rattling sound from above and the fire sprinklers exploded. This distracted the monsters enough that they didn't notice when it happened again from below the piping burst and nailed two of them in the face. Annabeth took her chance and bolted for Percy. "Grover, Rachel, get everyone out of here!" He was yelling "Luke, take Annabeth to safety!" "What? No! I'm not leaving!" "Annabeth please! I'll handle these losers! Just go." he shoved her into Luke who rushed her out of the hall just as the toilets exploded. Annabeth kicked and screamed as Luke carried her back to her dressing room. Then Luke stood between her and the door and wouldn't budge to let her through. She was crying and pounding on his chest. "Please stop it, Annabeth." he said softly. This was the first time she noticed he was crying "I don't like it either, but we owe Percy this. You know he couldn't stand it if you got hurt. My