As I stared looking at my reflection in the mirror a smile crept to my face. My long blonde hair was usually frizzy and unmanageable but, for the moment anyway, it was staying in place. My face painted perfectly thanks to a few You Tube videos. I was no Marilyn Monroe but I thought I did a pretty good job! As I investigated my work a little closer I noticed a few new wrinkles across my forehead that I had never noticed before. Doesn't surprise me a bit. I am only 32 but I've had enough drama in my life to last a lifetime. Looking back on this past year I'm surprised I don't look 80. I stepped back to get a full body look. I grabbed the hem of my dress and pulled it down as much as possible. Maybe this was a bad choice. Not that I have the time to change now but this dress could seriously give the wrong impression. My short pink tunic seemed to be even shorter on my 5'10" frame, which combined with my prom ready hair and rouge I looked like I was on a mission for some action. My smile soon turned downward. Tonight is just a small gathering for the new employees of R & M Investments. It is a night to celebrate the completion of our 8 weeks of intense training as well as the grand opening which is scheduled for tomorrow. Why shouldn't I look good tonight? After everything that's happened I deserve a break. A chance to let loose. This past year has been hell. It is time to move forward. Without another glance I grabbed my sandals and walked away. No more second guessing, no more doubts. "Mommy! Mommy! We're ready to go play with Brooks." My focus turned to the two sandy haired boys that just barged into my room. Jaxon, who was 7, and Manning, who just turned 2, stood before me in shock. "Mommy you look like Abby Cadabby, but where's your magic wand?" spouted Manning. Giving him a small smile I replied, "I don't know baby. I must have left it on Sesame Street." His large blue eyes, identical to mine, stared back at me. He was clearly in deep thought trying to process my statement. "We have to go find it before Elmo does! He will get it and go 'poof'." I could no longer contain my laughter. "Manning you have quite the imagination! Come on kiddos, let's grab your bags and go." These boys are my world and despite the challenges we've faced, I am determined to make their childhoods as pleasant as possible. We live in an apartment complex in a small town outside Mobile, Alabama. It's nothing fancy by any means but it's comfortable for us. Two doors down from us is the ever amusing Liam, my full-time baby sitter and forever sister-in-law. Liam is a few years older than me and has her own rowdy toddler by the name of Brooks. He is a year older than Jaxon but about a foot shorter. Both Liam and her soon to be ex-husband missed the height gene and it would appear Brooks was shorted as well. All 3 boys played well together and since Brooks would be occupied for hours, Liam never had a problem keeping Jaxon and Manning. "I shouldn't be out late," I told her, "I've spent the past 2 months with these people, not really anticipating a fun-filled evening with them. I imagine it will just be my co-workers standing around discussing tomorrow's events, gossiping about anything they can make up and, I'm sure, drinking entirely too much! I heard earlier today that the company's owner might finally decide to make an appearance tonight but I'm doubting it. He was scheduled for several seminars throughout our training but always had an excuse for cancelling on us. I could really care less. I'm only going because I heard it was an open bar and I figured I would have a drink or 7." Liam responded with a chuckle, "Girl don't I know! I've been wanting to go to that new Mexican restaurant in town. I'm wanting a margarita badly. This divorce is wearing on my nerves. I swear if I have to sit through one more mediation with him and his new 'partner' I'm going to castrate the man myself!" Liam comes from money and I don't think she has worked a day in her life. Dale, her soon to be ex, decided that after 8 years of marriage that he was done with women. He left her for a man and is now expecting Liam to finance his new lifestyle. "I will have my cell on me if you need me for anything" I said to Liam before directing my attention to my little ones. "Please be on your best behavior. Love you boys and have fun." "Love you too" mumbled my two as they followed the vertically challenged Brooks out of the room. I slid into my car and glanced in the mirror. Reality struck me like a freight train. How did I get here? My life has changed so much in the past year. We were a perfectly happy family of 4. Comfortable. Content. That all changed with a phone call. An earth-shattering call that caused my perfect world to come crashing down. Tears welled in my eyes as I struggled to repress the emotions and the memories. I shuddered attempting to block it out, at least for the time being. They will return like they do every night while I sleep. Glancing in my rearview one last time, I wiped the tears away. I worked too hard on this face to ruin it. Time to go and have fun for a change. Let's do this! The location of our gathering was Steele Creek Reserves and it was brilliantly beautiful. The massive rustic cabin was located in a heavily wooded area right outside the city limits of Satsuma, Alabama. The stone path leading up the entrance of the cabin was lined with fragrant pink and yellow begonias which accented the rust colored timbers that covered the structure. I was greeted at the door with champagne and escorted to a large, open sitting area that was three times the size of my small apartment. The dark leather furniture and Arcadian décor centered around the enormous river rock fireplace that stretched the length of room. Floor to ceiling windows wrapped around the back side of the cabin creating the perfect picture frame for the creek flowing beyond the house. Several R&M employees were mingling and had clearly already had too much champagne. They were buzzing around talking entirely too much, entirely too loudly. It was overwhelming. I glanced over to see the French doors that lead to my escape, my refuge. I quickly exited the bustling room seeking solitude. The back deck had a breathtaking view. I stood soaking up the landscape before me when I was pulled out of the moment by a small voice beside me. "Excuse me, could you help me get a piece of cake?" Standing next to me was an adorable little girl with big beautiful green eyes and long auburn hair. She had to be around the same age as my Jaxon and I wondered who she belonged to. I knew none of my coworkers had children this age so I was slightly baffled as I searched around looking for her owners. I knew I couldn't just leave her alone so I obliged. I knelt down to her eye level and smiled, "I will be glad to help you but you have to guide me in the right direction." Her eyes lit up and she wrapped her tiny fingers around my hand tugging me back into the noisy room then into another open area. The room was filled with numerous large round tables and chairs that filled most of the expansive space. Along 3 of the 4 walls of the rectangular room were long tables overflowing with a variety of foods. Did they really expect us to eat all of this? I counted 7 tables in total, the last two featuring desserts. "Over there, over there. The yellow cake, please please please." I smiled down at the little girl and teasingly said "now I'm not going to get into trouble for doing this am I? By the way, what's your name?" "I'm Ebie…like the letters E and B…and I'm 7," she proudly boasted. "Well it is very nice to meet you Ebie. I'm Amelia." "A-m-e-l-i-a" she enunciated each letter looking confused, "how do you spell it?" "I-T" a sultry voice I'd never heard before replied. She and I quickly snapped around as the unfamiliar voice spoke out again, "Ebie what's going on here?" Standing before me was the most beautiful man I had ever seen in my life. A perfectly smooth hairless head, bright sapphire blue eyes, and lips, oh my gosh, those perfect pouty lips. He stood several inches taller than me and his flawless tan skin made me think of him spending a great deal of time on a beach somewhere…stretched out across the sand…his skin glistening from the salty water. I involuntarily shook my head trying to remove the inappropriate thoughts that were surfacing. I had to forcefully stop myself from staring or from drooling for that matter. He was a mix of Vin Diesel, Ian Somerhalder and Channing Tatum all rolled into one beautifully delicious package. The small voice beside me spoke up drawing me out of my inappropriate thoughts. "Dad you told me I could have some cake so I was getting some cake!" He never took his eyes off of me as he responded to his child. "Yes I did tell you that but aren't you forgetting that I also told you that dinner came before cake? They are about to start serving so you can wait." He extended his muscular arm out to greet me, "hi I'm Max." I was in awe at the magnificent creature standing before me. "I…I'm….I'm Am…" Ebie spoke up assisting me with my rambling, "this is Amelia, Dad. She was helping me get that cake you promised I could have." I felt flushed, quickly apologizing for my lack of parental judgment, "I'm sorry. I didn't realize she wasn't supposed to be having any yet. I should have known better! I have a 7 year old myself. I know how their minds work. Must be the champagne clouding my judgement or something." Max let out a small laugh and began to speak "well hopefully that won't continue." He paused, the corners of his lips curling upwards into a smoldering smile. "I would love to sit down with you after dinner and discuss R&M and how things are going there." I stood confused by his statement unable to determine if there was a hidden meaning behind it. Ebie tugged on my hand, "come sit with us Amelia." "Ms. Amelia" Max interjected. "Sorry! Ms. Amelia please come sit with us. We are right over here." Her big green puppy eyes stared up at me and I couldn't refuse. Situated at our table of 7 was Max and Ebie, Clark, who was my boss, his wife Victoria and a guy who looked to be in his late twenties or early thirties by the name of Eddie. I was unsure of his affiliation with R&M but assumed he held some kind of title since he was joining in the festivities of the night. Small talk was made throughout our elaborate dinner, all of which revolved around the investment firm and its Grand Opening tomorrow. Max spoke about the company and its business affairs and, while it was never stated, his vast knowledge made me assume he was in a managerial position, and had been there quite some time, starting from the bottom working his way to the top. I spent most of the