The music was loud. "Alright there, mate?!" Sweat dripped down slick skin. "Do you want another drink?" There were so many thrumming bodies surging around them it was hard to see where one male ended and another began. "I said do you want another drink!" And, much to Harry Potter's displeasure, his friends had dragged him out with one specific goal in mind. "What about that guy, Harry?" To find him a date for Valentine's Day. Harry swung his gaze in the direction that Hermione was pointing and felt his mouth twist into a grimace. He shook his head rather adamantly at her, only slightly put-out when she pouted. "Come on, Harry, you're not even trying!" Ron said accusingly. "Don't make me have Charlie drag you over to some random guy—you know I will!" He groaned. Charlie had acquired a personal interest in making sure Harry was… well looked after… come Valentine's Day. The bloody tenacious red-head was so damned determined to hook Harry up that he'd willingly left his dragons for an entire week in order to be the ultimate wing-man. "It's what you do for an adopted brother," Charlie had said with a smirk. "You're the only one left without a partner." " You're still single too, you know." "Yeah but I'm not looking." Charlie's smirk had grown wider. "Perks of being ace, my friend. Besides, you're getting on in years, you know?" "I'm only twenty-five!" And now they were here, two days before the fourteenth of February, in a popular wizarding gay club and rifling through every single male who just happened to be present. "Is there anyone here that is catching your eye?" Hermione asked, swirling her drink absentmindedly. "Not really," Harry replied honestly. "Well… why don't you join Charlie on the dance floor?" Harry gave her a bland look. "Mione, you know I don't dance." "Yeah, but—" "Two words, Hermione, Yule Ball ," Ron remarked with a cheeky grin. "Harry has no coordination whatsoever—aside from quidditch that is." "Exactly," Harry agreed, nodding. "With little-to-no coordination I'm obviously terrible at sex; it's probably the reason I keep having so many flings." "Probably just a flail of limbs." "No rhythm to speak of." "Sloppy kisser too, no doubt." "Not to mention my atrocious memory when it comes to remembering names." "Maybe you should start making them wear nametags?" "Why not number them while I'm at it." Harry and Ron guffawed with laughter much to Hermione's displeasure. " Honestly, Harry, it's no wonder you can't find a date if you're not even going to be serious about this!" Smiling patiently, Harry downed a mouthful of his obscenely fruity cocktail Charlie had insisted on getting him. "Mione, we're in the one place where finding a 'Mr Right' is far and few between. Guys come here for anonymous sex and one-night stands. I should know, I'm practically a veteran." "You won't know until you try," the female replied persistently. "Ooh, looks like Charlie may have found someone." Harry swung his head around. Truth enough Charlie Weasley, with his arm slung comfortably around the shoulders of a young male with chestnut coloured hair, was crossing the dance floor towards them and gesturing madly at their table. The brunet couldn't help but brace himself warily. "Harry," Charlie beamed, "meet Eli." " Wow ," Eli breathed, eyes wide as they flicked up to his forehead. "Harry Potter!" Harry groaned inwardly. Another starry-eyed fan… Charlie seemed to miss the unimpressed look on Harry's face because he was quick to push the young man he'd brought over closer to him, smiling charmingly. To Harry's utter horror, Eli sidled nice and close to his side, staring up at him with astonished blue eyes. "I've always wanted to meet you, Harry," Eli said earnestly. A smug smile had appeared on Charlie's face. "You know…" he began innocently enough, "it's a tad loud in here, hardly the place to really get to know one another…" Eli immediately brightened. "Why don't the two of you head off somewhere quieter? Like the Black Stump? You like that place don't you, Harry?" The Black Stump was one of Harry's favourite wizarding bars. It wasn't like the club—not at all. It was small, intimate, and best of all, quiet. He frequented it at least once a week, enjoying a drink or two with a friend to help him wind down from the stresses of work and his, typically, inconsistently erratic love life. "Oh, can we, Harry?" Eli begged, biting his lip endearingly. "I'd love to get to know you." Hermione and Ron were both nodding vigorously behind Eli's back, staring at Harry with identical threatening expressions. Harry suppressed a sigh. It wouldn't hurt to give it a go… "Yeah, alright," he said finally, offering a small smile. He felt a little better about the situation with the prospect of going to the Black Stump, it didn't seem as daunting if they went to place he was happy and familiar with. "I'll go grab my cloak!" Eli said excitedly. "I'll meet you at the entrance?" "Sure." The young man bounded away from a grin, leaving Harry to three impudent smirks. "Don't even," he interjected quickly, pointing at each of them in turn. "This means nothing. I promised you I'd give it a go and I am." "Of course, Harry," Hermione replied, her smirk morphing into a gentle smile. "I hope, for your sake, that everything works out." Charlie winked at him. "And if it doesn't, no harm done. We'll simply… have to try again." Harry snorted. "You're never allowed to set me up with someone ever again." The red-head chuckled, eyeing him with deviously. "We'll see." A quick side-along apparition later found Harry and Eli in the shadows of an alleyway a few doors down from the bar. Despite the unknown aspects surrounding his newfound date, Harry was glad to be out of the club. As much fun as it had been back in the day when he hadn't cared much, he couldn't help but feel detached from the thrumming atmosphere he had, once upon a time, thrust himself into. Everything the club represented was so artificial ; so impersonal . A constant flow of anonymous sex. And Harry was so tired. He was tired of the flings, of the one-night stands that did nothing but further his desire for something more. He wanted to wake up to the same face every morning, share a sleepy kiss, make a ridiculous mess in the kitchen as they attempted pancakes. Hell, Harry would even settle for a cheesy date full of beach walks and photo-booth pictures if it meant that the guy he was with didn't become just another face in the crowd. Maybe Eli could be that guy. The young man was currently vibrating with excitement as they stepped down the snow-covered pavement. His blue eyes were often on Harry's face, staring at him in wonder as if he really couldn't believe Harry-Fucking-Potter was taking him on an impromptu date. I'm sure he'll calm down once we get talking… Harry thought, trying desperately to make light of the situation. He reached out for the door and pushed it open, a wondrous warmth greeting them as they stepped inside the Black Stump. Almost instantly, Harry could feel the tension draining out of his muscles; the familiar scent of fine spirits and cedar wood drew him in with a welcoming embrace. The two of them removed their cloaks and Harry did his customary sweep of the patrons inside. And did a double-take. Despite the shadows that cloaked the room in a welcoming allure of mystery, it certainly did not hide the unique shine of platinum hair that instantly captured Harry's attention. Draco Malfoy. The male was reclining elegantly in one of the booths, long legs crossed at the knee, with a pleasant smile directed to the female sitting opposite him. Pansy Parkinson. Harry found himself staring—he couldn't help it. Malfoy looked ridiculously alluring, dressed as he was in black pressed pants, navy button up shirt with his sleeves rolled to the elbow, and a black waist coat with a dark-grey tie. Fucking hell… It wasn't uncommon for he and Malfoy to bump into one another during day-to-day life. After Harry had spoken on Malfoy and his mother's behalf during the trials after the war, the two of them had decided on a tentative truce and parted ways. Ever since, whenever they were within social distance, pleasantries were exchanged and simple, meticulous conversations were sometimes had. Nothing more had happened between them, despite how much Harry secretly wished it would. The bastard was gorgeous after all. Swallowing a sigh, Harry forced his gaze away from the delectable blond and gestured for Eli to follow him. He did not lead Eli to his usual spot but instead acquired two stools near the bar, thinking that perhaps if the night was a bust, he could get stinking drunk instead. As they draped their cloaks over the back of their stools, he signalled the bartender who practically sped to take his order and Harry turned to his… date. God, even in his mind the word sounded cumbersome. "What would you like to drink, Eli?" "Whatever you're drinking, Harry," he replied immediately. A faint frown appeared on Harry's brow. "Firewhiskey?" Eli drew his bottom lip into his mouth but nodded anyway, eager to please. "Er—alright then." Harry turned back to the bartender with whom he shared a similar look and lifted two fingers. "Two firewhiskeys it is then," the dark man replied, flicking his wrist elegantly. Two tumblers landed on the wooden benchtop and skidded to a halt before them. A healthy amount of firewhiskey was poured into each. "Thank you, Khari." Harry placed an abundance of coins into the bartender's hand and took their drinks, passing one to Eli. "Enjoy your evening, Mr Potter," Khari said with a gentle smile. Eli gaped. "I bet you get recognised everywhere ," he exclaimed in an almost-whisper. Harry uttered a noncommittal noise. "I suppose." "I want you to tell me everything about you, Harry, about everything that happened," Eli begged earnestly. "I've read it all, of course, but I want to hear you say it." Harry stifled a groan and downed a mouthful of his firewhiskey. "I'd rather not," he replied, keeping his tone as light as he could make it. "Why don't you tell me about you?" "Oh, my life is boring," Eli remarked. He had yet to even look down at his drink let alone take a sip. He insisted on holding it tightly within his palms. "Not like yours I bet." "My life isn't as glamorous as the Daily Prophet makes it out to be, you know." "I find that hard to believe." I bet you do… Harry thought tiredly. They'd only been here for ten minutes and Eli was already doing his head in with the hero worship. I'm beginning to feel that this was a mistake… Perhaps, if he indulged Eli a little, it would make him more comfortable to speak with Harry on a more personal level? It was either that or call an end to their date which, as much as Harry was keen on that idea, having Malfoy witness the entire ordeal made it less appealing. He risked a quick glance in the blond's direction as Eli stared in disdain at his drink, stiffing at the contents tentatively. Malfoy was alone for time being, taking a sip from a clear goblet that looked to hold red wine. Harry wondered where Parkinson had gone—probably the bathroom or something. What I wouldn't give to walk over there right now and ravish Malfoy to a point that he forgets his own name… "What was You-Know-Who like?" Harry's head snapped around, green eyes filled with surprise. "Excuse me?" "You-Know-Who, Harry," Eli pressed. "What was he like? Fearsome of course, but to have such power—" "Voldemort was a ruthless, murdering tyrant," Harry grunted sharply, ignoring Eli's wince. "I'd rather not