Author's Note: Greetings & happy holidays, beautifuls! I am just bringing you a quick little oneshot that I wrote for Prompts in Panem over on Tumblr. If you're looking for some holiday Everlark I recommend you run, not walk, over there right now. And never fear, Lone Star State of Mine is going to be updated soon, but the deadline for this challenge ended today so I wanted to get it out into the world. Quick Disclaimer: This is an AU and slight role reversal is involved. I also did not want to bother my wonderful beta with this, so I went ahead a beta-ed on my own. I know, I know. Be very afraid! I apologize for all mistakes, I did try my very best. Which is still kind of pathetic. And be warned: this is an emotional mess. Apparently I am not cut out for a life of one-shots. I try to squeeze too much into them. Summary: First Lieutenant Peeta Mellark is home for the holidays. Mellark's Frosty Forest December 2005 The crease down the middle of the photo is more prominent than the faded colors at this point, but the memory that comes along with the frozen moment is still just as vibrant as it was the night it was taken. Her hair is unusually flying free in the cold, New York wind and her mouth is open with laughter. His arms are wrapped tightly around her middle and the joy across his features mirror hers. The snow falling around them is light, so from the amounts sitting atop his wet curls it's obvious she had something to do with it. And she must have ran right after she did because the picture is of him just catching up with her and lifting her in the air. Not a lot, just enough that she wraps one arm around his neck and holds him tight. Neither of them are looking at the camera because neither of them seem to notice anyone — or anything — else but each other. His time in the desert has caused his memory of the harsh winters New York has to offer to fade considerably into new complaints of temperatures hot enough to melt. The delicious smells of the holiday season have dulled and been replaced with valiant efforts from those volunteering their abilities across seas. The traditional over-the-top decorations have lost their glimmer to be taken over by Christmas lights around military barracks. And time with blood family seems like another lifetime ago while celebrating with his brothers and sisters in arms hangs fresh in his mind. He's forgotten a lot about home, but he still remembers every detail about her. How she preferred cereal in the morning to a hot breakfast. The way her hair fell from her braid when she released the elastic. Her cynical sarcasm and how she always seemed to be the last one in on the joke. The few freckles that graced the right side of her neck and how ticklish she got whenever he'd tried to count them with his lips. How his name fell from her lips as she gripped him tight in ecstasy. Her protective nature over her little sister and all those she cared for. How stubborn she became at any sort of question in her ability. The smell of lavender and vanilla that always seemed to linger on his pillow long after she had left. How she preferred her boots and worn jeans over anything remotely elegant. How perfect they fit in every way. It had been nearly four years, two back-to-back tours, and a quiet leave that Peeta spent away from his hometown because he wasn't sure he'd be able to leave it once he did. She deserved better. She deserved more than countless short letters and broken phone calls. "She's beautiful," The elderly woman next to him smiles over his shoulder as she speaks, interrupting his thoughts. "And how young you both look! So lucky to find love so soon." He glances in her direction and gives a warm smile. He knows she means well, but that doesn't stop the twinge of pain that shoots through him at her words. Love. Love, like the rest of life, used to be so easy but September 11th made all of that seem like a different lifetime. Now the only love he worked off of was for his country, his brothers and sisters in arms, and those who fell on that tragic day. Those like his oldest brother, Clement. On September 10th, 2001 Peeta Mellark was a senior at Centennial High School. He had dreams of going to college with his girlfriend coming with. He was going to study art; something Katniss had encouraged him to do. And it was only her bravery that allowed him to check that box on the college application several months prior. Peeta Mellark was just like any other high student in small-town New York. Well, if every other high school student's parents owned a Christmas tree farm. And thought it was excellent marketing to call it Mellark's Frosty Forest. The old wooden sign that stood proudly outside their farm was an excellent depiction of their name; snow covered Christmas trees all around with Frosty himself standing in front of them all to welcome guests. He hadn't seen the sign for years, but he could still invision the paint chipping and obvious touch ups that appeared across the old canvas; he and his brothers had supposedly painted the sign. But Peeta knew he'd really been the only one doing the work back then. He was the one with the artistic touch, after all. At least that's what Clement would say as he silently excused himself out of the barn, not wanting to have any part of this mundane task. Before September 11th, Peeta would have said his life was going perfectly. He planned to take the road less traveled with his life after college, as long as Katniss was there next to him. His brothers had decided on the corporate route; Reese was a real estate broker around their average sized town and Clement was worked in investments in New York City. In Tower Two. At 8:00 a.m. on September 11th, Peeta was walking into his high school with a rather bright outlook on life. By 11:00 a.m. on September 11th, Peeta was sitting at home with his family, still frantically dialing his brother's phone number. And every time the line went straight to voicemail his stomach would drop even farther. By the end of the night, Clement had not returned home from his 30-minute commute out of the city and the numbers of those lost had practically doubled. Peeta's father had driven into the city to check the hospitals while the rest of his family sat around the television. After that day, love and the rest of life, didn't come so easy to Peeta anymore. "Thank you," He returns her smile, but it doesn't reach his eyes. Because Peeta's not sure he's truly smiled since that day. "She must be so proud of her hero." The elderly woman continues reaching out to pat his arm just as the stewardess comes over the intercom to signal they'll be landing soon. He's grateful for the distraction and the elderly woman next to him seems to move her focus to buckling her seatbelt and forgets about the faded picture in his hand. Peeta folds the picture by the familiar cress already created and places it back into his pocket. He glances out the small window and sees the city he loves, the city he went to war for, coming into view. His stomach goes into knots and he suddenly feels as though the plane cannot land soon enough. He doesn't cry, he hasn't cried since that day. But seeing his dad and brother amidst the crowd of others there to welcome them home makes his chest tight. The patriotism mixed with holiday spirit among the families waiting is a sight in itself. American flags and Santa hats fill the little terminal exit. Mothers, fathers, daughters, sons, and friends alike all wait with baited anticipation. Their emotions are already riding high and by the time they finally spot their loved one the tears are streaming. It's a holiday homecoming and Peeta feels extremely fortunate. He knows others he fought with aren't as lucky. Reese's embrace his tight around him and he knows his older brother is fighting back the very emotions he is. Peeta returns the hug after dropping his bag. He has missed his family, but all along he has felt guilty for doing so. The very reason he even enlisted to be in that desert was because of those who woke up on a normal workday and never got home. Never even had the chance to miss their loved ones. Once his older brother finally releases him, Peeta turns to look at his father, the man who holds the very strength that Peeta tried to embrace across seas. The strength that got him through numerous family-less holidays. The strength that pulled him through on their more dangerous missions. This man is Peeta's hero and he's standing there with tears streaming down his cheeks. "I am so proud of you, Peeta." Hershel openly says as he takes his youngest son into his arms. "I have always been so proud of you." The tears brim around his eyes, but he quickly blinks them away as he holds tightly to his father. And he suddenly can't believe he's home. That he's spent the last several years almost avoiding this very moment. He couldn't imagine walking back into his regular life without Clement there with him. But how selfish that thought process seemed now, because Peeta knows he's not the only one who felt the loss of Clement that day. "It's good to finally have you home," His father says, as he pulls away from the emotional greeting. He smiles at his two sons and Peeta tries not to think about how it should be three. How they shouldn't even be there right now. How they should all be dealing with the crowds at their farm, racing to see who could be the fastest to cut down the customer's choice. "Mom's making meatloaf tonight," Reese comments, leaning down to pick up Peeta's bag. "And it better still be your favorite because I'm pretty sure she's told every customer the menu for tonight for the past three weeks. I'm surprised she hasn't put an ad out in the newspaper." "Don't speak too soon, Reese." Hershel follows behind, his arm still wrapped around Peeta's shoulder as they walk. "I haven't gotten the paper out of the box yet today, we could very well see Peeta's ugly mug on the front page." Peeta grins, but stays quiet. So this is what he's been missing; their healing. Most probably wouldn't even know they'd lost someone important to them. But Peeta sees the cracks that still exist, that will probably always exist. His father's smile isn't near as bright and Reese's comedic relief comes slowly, if at all. But they're healing and Peeta is almost jealous because he feels as though he's been running from his grief for the last four years. He's spent his time bent on revenge, which some would argue is not an honorable pursuit, but he never cared. It was the path he needed to take. For selfish reasons, perhaps, but it still needed to be taken. Clement had been his idol growing up and even through they were polar opposites in interests and attitude, Peeta still felt Clement was what he wanted to be when he grew up. And to have him taken away, Peeta felt cheated by the world. He instantly felt like the only victim, the only person who lost anyone. And he knows he became unbearable because of it: to his family, friends, and even to Katniss. The one