Author's Note: This is my entry for PromptsinPanem over on Tumblr, definitely check it out. There are so many ah-mazing entries. Never fear, I have a chapter for Lone Star in the works — eight pages down at this very moment. So terribly sorry it's been so long since most of you have heard from me. If you follow me on Tumblr( fourfinick ) you kind of know what's been happening in my life. But besides being busy I've just had a really hard time as of late, but I'm hoping this story has kind of gotten be out of my funk. *fingers crossed* Also, please PLEASE note that I did my best to beta my own writing this time (because I procrastinate as a sport and didn't have time to get it to anyone else) so all mistakes are mine . Please forgive me. Summary: Katniss gets her first tattoo and a lot more than she bargained for. Inked "Why can't you just get drunk and lose your virginity like most high school students do on the night of their graduation?" As soon as the question is out of my mouth I instantly regret it and I can feel two very shocked pair of eyes looking in my direction. My stomach is in knots and my anxiety level is through the roof of my old Chevy Lumina, I really shouldn't be held responsible for the words that come out of my mouth right now. "I retract my last question." I mumble, chewing at the already abused nail beds of my left hand. "She could always elope, I hear that's a new trend in newly graduated students." Johanna grins, glancing in the back seat to where my little sister sits. "Please don't encourage her with bad ideas." I glare over in the passenger seat to my best friend. "Yes, because getting drunk and fucking for the first time to celebrate the next step of her life is a really great idea." "We're getting tattoos, Katniss." Prim finally speaks up from the backseat. "I'm not getting drunk, married, or sexually active — tonight — I'm getting a tattoo with my big sister." "Fine." I fold, glancing into the rearview mirror of the car. "And don't think I didn't notice the sexually active thing." The remainder of the short drive to the tattoo parlor Johanna recommends is easy enough. Johanna and Prim continue their tattoo conversation. Prim asks Johanna how much it's going to hurt and Johanna looks over Prim's preselected design. They're both really excited about this upcoming event and I'd rather eat rocks. "Here, park here." Johanna points to a nearby parking spot on the side of the street. "It's just a couple blocks from here." I silently park the car and kill the engine. My two companions get out instantly while I'm just praying my legs actually work when I go to climb out of my vehicle. "They're open until 4 a.m., Katniss." Johanna comments, leaning down to look at me through the driver side window. "Prim and I can run and grab a bite if you want to have a breakdown in private." My middle finger responds against the glass while my free hand pushes the door open. I sling my satchel-style purse over my shoulder and glare at the older girl standing on the curb. "Why were you invited again?" I ask. "Reinforcement." Johanna wraps her arm around my neck as we start walking down the sidewalk. "There's no way in hell Prim can hold you down by herself." Prim giggles beside Johanna and I grimace at both of them. It's moments like these I really know how much I love my baby sister. I'd do anything for Prim; even face my unbelievably strong fear of needles. I had agreed to this rather easily nearly five months ago. I honestly thought by the time her high school graduation came to be she would have decided she'd rather follow her friends' ideas and have a lavish type of party to celebrate the occasion. Of course, hers wouldn't be all that lavish with our limited funds, but I'd do everything in my power to make it memorable. Nope, that change of mind never came. Even weeks before I'd try to pry confirmation out of her about a party and every time she'd simply correct me on my information. She wasn't having a party. She was getting a tattoo with me. Her decision never wavered and my regret about promising her such a thing only grew stronger. But I knew my fate; my sister deserved a promise to be kept in her life. She'd had enough heartache and my fear of needles wasn't going to be another to add to her list. And then we're here standing in front of a brick storefront that has been entirely transformed into what looks like a masterpiece of a painting. The old brink has been partially painted to look as though it is falling away to reveal a rather futuristic, harsh looking building. The walls are painted to look like steel panels bolted together. Purposeful graffiti has also been added to the design reading the parlor's name. "The Capitol's Canvas?" I read aloud, only partially trying to hide my awe at the beautiful work done to this once worn down building. "Pretty wicked, right?" Johanna elbows me before reaching forward and grabbed the front door that has been painted to match the rest of the design by looking as though it has heavy-duty chains blocking any intruder's way. "Pretty intimidating." I correct as I follow behind Prim to enter the establishment. The inside of the shop isn't as I expected it to be. Although most of my expectations come from various television shows and movies so I wouldn't go as far as to say I'm an expert on the subject. It's obvious the futuristic steel vision from the outside has transferred into the actual shop. The furniture has harsh edges and anything with a cushioned top is made of worn black leather. The reception-like counter when we first walk in is covered in steel panels that shine enough to look like blurred mirrors. The countertop is polished cement that matches the floors. The art on the walls isn't the premade stereotypical designs for tattoos I've seen in my limited cinematic experience. Instead there are various size canvases spread throughout the red painted walls. Artwork done by the different tattoo artists that work in the shop, I presume. Some are oriental inspired while others take on a more modern, cartoon style. There are a few random landscape pieces. Some I recognize as actual locations within Panem and others look to be more exotic. My body has started to follow my eyes and before long I've moved away from the entrance of the large, open parlor to stand near the walls. I'm slowly walking my way through as my eyes go into some kind of trance staring at the beautiful pieces of artwork. I have never been a very artistic person myself so whenever I'm surrounded by those who are I feel slightly in awe. And its obvious that whoever the owners of these pieces are have talent practically oozing from their very being. And then I'm struck still by a particularly small piece on the corner of a wall. The canvas itself can be no larger than a sheet of printer paper, but the inhabitant of the surface is captivating and I find myself being drawn in by all the details. The dandelion in the center of the canvas looks as though the wind has just caught it with a particularly strong gust. It's delicate stem angles to the left as the seeds begin to take flight in the same direction. My eyes move quickly over the 'PM' signed at the corner of the canvas as I continue to look over the details. I want to memorize this particular piece and the sudden emotions I feel as I study it. What draws me in the most is the fact that the usually whimsical looking subject isn't gentle in the slightest. The wind that's pushing the seedlings off their rightful perch is a harsh wind causing the stem to bend instead of lean. And the right side of the canvas, where the imaginary gust is coming, is dark and harsh. It only lightens as it moves toward the left side of the artwork. The dandelion is not surrounded by other pieces of nature, but instead stands alone as some kind of beacon or symbol. At least that's how I see it and I strangely find myself wishing I could relate more to the left side of the canvas. Because all I've ever seen in myself is the darkness and dangers that lurk on the right side. And I know that same darkness lurks inside of me. I wished I could move toward the hope I sense in the painting. I need that hope. "Fuck me, Johanna Mason —" My attention is drawn away from the painting at the unfamiliar male voice, but my eyes take a bit longer to pull away as I finally turn around to where Prim, Johanna, and now a rather attractive male stand at the center of the shop. "Hawthorne." She corrects quickly and steps up to the counter to lean against it. Her eyes a twinkle of mischievous that I notice every so often when she feels like she's met someone who she sees as an even match. Very few people can go toe-to-toe with Johanna. And even fewer live to tell about it. "Aw babe, you wound me." The blonde laughs from behind the counter and grabs his chest dramatically. "I was hoping you were going to tell me you finally sent Gale packing and were back to claim what is rightfully yours." "Funny." Johanna deadpans, her fingers tapping against the cement countertop. "I'll tell him you send your love. How's Annie?" "Perfect." To my surprise the man's demeanor completely changes. His playful features turn almost doe-like as he's obviously approaching a topic he cares greatly for. I'm envious of the person who can create that look. Not that I wish that look from him came because of me, but because the emotion behind such an expression must be deep and passionate. Passion is something I know very little about. Being out of my one and only relationship for nearly four months now means doing a lot of replaying and realizing. And what I thought was a caring and meaningful relationship really was nothing but a relationship built on comfort and habit. Sure it might have started differently, but by the end of the three years it wasn't much more than two people hanging around each other like two co-workers working with each other. But at nineteen, I thought he was the end all, be all of men. I had just finished high school a year prior and was still dealing with the aftershock of losing my father two years before that. My life had become one self-sacrificing routine. He had been the one thing I did for myself. His presence in my life benefited no one but me and for that I was kind of excited. Such emotions really are not what relationships should be built on, but I was naïve and flattered at the attention he gave me. The situation as a whole really was not traumatically horrific and even the break up was mellow, but the aftermath shook me harder than I liked to admit. I don't do well with change and unfortunately a break up after three years led to quite a bit of change. With that being said, I truly don't miss him. A fact I readily admitted to Johanna and myself one night only a few weeks after the end. It surprised the hell out of me, but Johanna seemed to already be in on that small bit of information because she simply