You know the greatest heroes of the Hunger Games – Katniss, Peeta, Finnick, and more. What about the others, however – the tributes and victors who fought, died, and scored the pain of victory in the Games before the rebellion? Six years before Katniss Everdeen spoke to Peeta Mellark – six years before she was tossed into the games – a young man from District 10 would carve the beginnings of his own destiny – one to change the very picture of Panem. He will be met not with providence, but with blood. District 10 Year of the 68 th Hunger Games Summer's hot here in District 10. It's impossible to avoid the beating heat of the sun on the parched landscape; to escape the cracked, dry ground of the district's town square. Even the swaying grasses of the surrounding prairie aren't enough to make one forget about the heat – the sun overhead its own form of Peacekeeper, constantly keeping watch on you no matter where you go. Not like that's the only Peacekeeper in District 10, however. We have plenty more of the human variety; the type I wouldn't mind pitching into the sun. The Peacekeepers are even worse on a day like today – Reaping Day; the selection of two unfortunate kids like me to battle to the death in the 68th Hunger Games. And death it will almost certainly be – here in District 10, we seldom have winners. But the Reaping isn't until high noon. Now, at 7 a.m. in the morning, I'm still trying to get back to sleep in my spartan bedroom as my dad bangs on my door. "Lee," he grunts, his voice telling of his own sleepiness. "Go wake Killeen up. I have to go to the barns until noon." I moan out a disgruntled response and roll out of bed, landing with a thud on the creaky wooden floor of my room. Certainly not a good way to start Reaping Day…not at all. My father works as a ranch hand for the few wealthy landowners in District 10 – those who have been elected by the Capitol to keep control over our district's herds of livestock. While my family's not them, we're still better off than most people here. Those who work in the dairy plants or the breeding barns – or even worse, the slaughterhouses and meatpacking factories – live hellish lives. Ironically, they make up the majority of the district; no District 1 or 2 are we. I stumble out of my bedroom, pausing just long enough to get a look in the dirty, cracked mirror on my wall. Hostile brown, almost black, eyes stare back at me from deep-set sockets; short-cropped brown hair on my square-jawed head gives me the appearance of an angry beast. That's not entirely a bad description, given the Peacekeepers I can already hear marching up and down the street in their pristine white uniforms. Wonderful. They'll probably tax us for the cleaning after the dust settles in. I cough a lung full of dust up myself, hacking a glob of black mucus into my hand as I slam my palm into my cousin Killeen's door. "Wake up," I bray in the loudest voice I can muster at this godforsaken hour. "Do it." Killeen responds with an unkind answer, but I don't mind. She's one of my last living family members left: Naturally my grandparents are dead, given District 10's relatively short average lifespan. My mother and little sister were killed in a barn fire years ago; Killeen's parents, my uncle and aunt, were killed by a stampede. We should consider ourselves lucky, considering the propensity for bad luck that seems to love our rapidly-shrinking family. Now, the three of us living under one beaten-down wooden hovel's roof make do. Since we don't have running water, I stumble into the gadfly-infested closet we call a bathroom and fill a large wooden barrel with water from a hand-pump. It'll be cold, but it's the only means I have of looking presentable. Five minutes of soaking myself with bone-chilling water later, I quickly dry off with my dirty old brown shirt and toss the clothing aside. I'll put it back on when the Reaping's over – hopefully it'll be dry by then. It's not like we can afford towels, even with the income my father's ranch hand occupation brings in. Hell, half of the slaughterhouse workers use the district's roaming stray dogs as towels. Whatever works… A knock on the front door drags me from my thoughts. The hell is trying to come in now? I throw my brown shirt – sopping and all – back over my head and scramble for the door. I nearly trip over an old wooden chair in our poor excuse for a living room (and dining room, and greeting room, and kitchen…) and manage to stub my toe on a pot of stewed street rat in my voyage to the front door. I'm not having a great start to my day, and when I see just who has come to pay a visit, I'm even more incensed. "Saw your dad leave," a squat, round male face appraises me, licking his lips as he speaks. "Mind if I come in?" "Yes," I grunt. "It's early." "Nice," the boy comments, ignoring me and stepping over the threshold. Houston, the boy who has just made himself at home in my home, is my "best friend." He's really my only friend, as I'm not exactly a sociable person; my angry demeanor tends to ward off most other seventeen year-olds in District 10. Houston's family is far, far poorer than mine – his mother is a drunk; his older sister is a prostitute at the young age of nineteen, and his father makes a scant living as a dairy worker. It's thus remarkable that he's one of the smartest people in the district – and completely unsurprising that, like me, he gets along with very few others. Besides that, Houston and I are nearly polar opposites. He's highly intelligent, with a brain that could probably take down the Capitol. He's also ridiculously thin and malnourished, with a frame that would probably last ten seconds in the Hunger Games. His sandy blonde hair camouflages him into the dust of District 10 – but with few prospects in this backwater, his prodigious brainpower will probably go to waste. Me? I'm kind of a simpleton – Killeen likes to call me "selfish." I'm stocky enough to hold my own, but I'm not exactly that bright. I just make sure people stay out of my way – and I stay out of theirs. "Killeen up?" Houston asks, his gray eyes wide and lusting. "No," I mutter, keenly aware of his interest in my cousin. "You're not getting with her. Especially not on Reaping Day." "Damn shame," he comments. "You know, I'm willing to believe there's a connection between attractive women and intelligent men…" "Why are you even here?" I cut him off. "We have…five? Hours until the Reaping. Go do something productive." "Not a lot of that happening," he frets. "Mom's sleeping with Ajax." I wince. Ajax is a monster of a man – our Head Peacekeeper in District 10, the type of person I wouldn't dare mess with. "Alright, reasonable," I acquiesce. "We don't really have much, 'cept for the rat leftovers…big'uns; caught 'em myself two nights ago. One was the size of a small dog." "They're gonna eat us all one day," Houston laughs wryly. "Alright, I'll eat it. Do my part for the district's sanitation." "I gotta go change," I mutter. "Look good for the Capitol and whatnot…" "Ah, yes!" Houston laughs as I turn my back. "Happy Death Games!" I ignore his sarcasm, slinking back to my room and tearing off my wet shirt. In its place goes a button-down of synthetic crimson – about the best someone like me can do here in District 10. It was my uncle's some time ago, and remarkably, it's survived to this day. I throw on a pair of brown pants (perfect to match the dust everywhere!) before running a hand through my short brown hair. It won't do anything to make it nicer, but hell. Why not. Killeen's moseyed out of bed by the time I get back downstairs – and already has changed into a lavender blouse and boring powder blue skirt. She's doing her best to ignore Houston's pathetic attempts at conversation, and I give her just the diversion she needs. "You look terrible, Lee," she remarks. "You look horrific every day," I retort, as if that were a commonly-known fact. In truth, my fifteen year-old cousin's quite attractive; there's a reason Houston thinks she's attractive. Her brown hair and brown eyes match in ways mine never could; her high cheek bones and short chin lacks all the carnal aggression of my rough face. I have no problem making fun of her, however – it's not like I have a sister any more, after all. Killeen's all that's left. "Is he coming with us?" she groans and nods towards Houston, whose eyes are fixated on her hair. "He's creepy." "You two make quite a pair, then," I continue. "I foresee many ugly babies." "Ohhhh," Houston licks his lips. "Physical appearance is only one part of the equation." "You would know," Killeen appraises him with something between apathy and loathing. I ignore the two, taking a look out the lone, dirty window in our house. Two Peacekeepers strut down our dusty street, their faces shining with sweat despite their over-exaggerated gait. District 2 scum… it's no secret here that most Peacekeepers come from the Capitol's box of guinea pigs. "District 2" might as well be a curse word. "Look at them," I snarl to no one in particular. "So full of themselves; waltzing down the streets like they own the place. How many d'you think the Capitol shipped in just last night?" "Probably about 1,000," Houston smartly answers. "Given how large our district is…" "That was rhetorical," I growl in response. "Peacekeepers. Psh. Great job keeping the peace." "Can't argue they do a good job," Houston shrugs. "Ya know…kill some dissidents, keep the peace…all in a day's work; before screwing my mother, that is." Killeen huffs and crosses her arms, but I snicker. Houston's self-deprecating humor is part of what made me like him in the first place. Too many kids my age in District 10 act like the world's better than it is. They don't even bother to open their eyes to the dump we live in. Sometimes, the Hunger Games almost seem like an escape from this melancholy life. Four hours later, it's time – the Reaping. I grab Killeen, and Houston follows after us into the dusty streets. Peacekeepers aren't the only people wandering about now: Hundreds of other children flood the brown, soot-covered avenues. District 10 is a large district, and only us kids will fit into the town square before the Justice Hall. Everyone else – including my father – will spread out on the side streets, watching from the television screens already erected on buildings for this very purpose. I can see other things from here – cameras sending footage to the Capitol; Peacekeeper snipers sitting on rooftops. Such pleasantries for a fun little game of death. "If we were smart," Houston comments, pulling me away from my angry thoughts. "We'd set up a betting pool. 10:1 an eighteen year-old is picked, maybe…15:1 it's a seventeen year-old, like us? Make some real money from the ranchers who have cash to blow." "That shit already happens," I reply, keeping an arm on Killeen's shoulder as she tries to shrug me off. "Peacekeepers have generally ignored it. Supposedly, nobody really wins – even the bookies." "Shame," Houston whistles. "We need some real entrepreneurs around here." "Like you would do it," Killeen mutters. "Of course," Houston smiles, missing her intent. "I'm more