A/N: This is a sequel to Three Years Later ! If you would like to read this story, you will need to go read Three Years Later before, or this might be a bit confusing! :) Thanks to the lovely hela0023 for suggesting the name Many Years Later ! You're a lifesaver! Disclaimer: All characters belong to J.K. Rowling. I own nothing of hers! Here we go... Chapter 1 Ron shifted his pillows to prop himself more upright to gain a better view of his wife. Wife. Merlin, he wasn't sure he would ever get tired of saying such a thing. Hermione Granger, well, Hermione Granger- Weasley now, professionally at least, had married him. The know-it-all from when he was an immature child. The strongest woman he knew, agreed to marry the likes of him . He shook his head in amazement. He could hardly believe he was actually awake. She laid peacefully on her back, the sheer white sheet pulled across her chest, just barely covering her breasts; giving him an immaculate view of her perfect body. Her hair and been released from its confinement and now tumbled across the pillow in wild knots. She looked, he had to admit, rather well shagged. A proud grin spread across his lips, as he was the one to complete that task, gladly . He sighed again, thrilled to know he would wake up to her, just as this, for the rest of their lives. Hermione sighed in her slumber, and shifted; her arm moving up by her face, turning slightly on that shoulder. Ron's eyes were drawn to the movement, his smile fading fast from his face. He noticed the vulgar word on her forearm, still rather red and inflamed; like it was carved a few weeks ago, not years. His face contorted in disgust. Ron thought back hard, and knew he hadn't seen it since she had been back, and couldn't recall seeing it after the war either. Then again, he had other urgencies that shifted to the front of his mind at that time. His stomach twisted; he loathed that he thought of that evil woman while he was lying in bed so intimately with his wife. Hermione inhaled deeply, and turned her head toward him, peeking open her eyes. She closed them quickly and grinned at her husband in her sleepy state. She reopened her lids, yet, when she saw Ron's face, her brows furrowed in confusion, following his eyesight, still staring at her forearm. She sucked in her breath when she saw it. "Damn," she quickly snatched her arm away to hide it, as she turned toward the side table, fumbling to find her wand in the near darkness. Ron saw her struggle, and sat up slowly. He carefully reached over to take her arm in his hand. Hermione stilled her actions and watched as Ron gently brought her arm back to him. She looked flustered, her eyes shimmering and wide. Nibbling on her lip, she watched as Ron beheld at the scar that he remembered so vividly being created. "I-I forgot to cast the concealment charm last night. It must have worn off… while I slept…" Hermione swallowed and glanced at the redhead who had seemed to be analyzing the mark for several minutes, leaving Hermione plenty of time to grow self-conscious. "I-I'm sorry. J-just let me-" The witch was cut off by Ron, looking up at her with the hard stare he had been using on the scar. "What?" Ron asked, his voice deep and firm. "I- I should have r-remembered to cast it before we came. I-" Hermione silenced herself with a gasp, as Ron's lips pressed against that horrid scar. She sucked in a breath as he rested his lips on her skin. After a moment, he removed them and gazed at her; the hard stare gone, and replaced with love for her, clear in his eyes. "It's not that you didn't conceal it… I… I just hate what that wicked woman did. Loathe that I thought about her when we're together like this," he gestured to their naked forms in bed; his eyes looking hungrily over hers. Hermione blushed, and covered herself with the white sheet. "It's hard to find anything good about it…" Ron's eyes dropped back to her forearm, still resting in his large, freckled, hand. He brushed his thumb over the burning reminder of that day, "But, it reminds me of how strong you are. Of how close I came to losing you that day…" Ron's eyes rose to focus on her shoulder, his vision becoming blurry with tears. Hermione reached up and cupped his cheek, bringing his eyes back to hers. "You didn't lose me Ron. You saved me that day…" She swallowed and felt the pressure of tears push in her eyes, "It was horrid. The pain was excruciating … I wanted to give in so badly, Ron." A tear splashed onto her cheek as she remembered that day. The witch brushed her thumb against Ron's cheek, still gazing into his eyes; his too shining with unshed tears. "The only reason I made it through that day was because of you. I heard you screaming for me…" She lowered her hand to his neck, still brushing her thumb against his skin; feeling the prickly ginger stubble just above his Adam's apple. She returned her eyes to his face, feeling her tears pour down her own. Over the past three years, she had worked hard not to think about that horrid night. Knowing that when she did, nightmares awaited her sleeping state. She just couldn't afford to have her daughter wake to her mother screaming in her sleep. "You are the only reason I made it out of the manner alive, Ron. Every time I heard your voice, it made me want to fight… for our future… whatever it may be." She sniffed, and glanced at the tears running down Ron's face. "Even at Shell Cottage, I know I wasn't coherent or verbal, but, you were there. When you read to me… I-I kept telling myself to fight for our future… I let myself imagine that you were reading to our own ginger haired child… and you pulled me out of it, Ron." A smile graced her lips. "You're the reason I am here. I will always be right here with you." Ron buried his head into the crook of Hermione's shoulder and neck. Her arm wrapped around his neck, holding him to her. His slid around her waist, clutching her tightly. Hermione wasn't sure how long they held each other, nothing but the bedsheet between their middles and having his warm, moist tears drip down her shoulder. But, she used the time to realize that they had never spoken about the day at the manner. Every word she said was the truth, and she truly hoped that Ron understood just how deep her love for him went. Hermione felt his lips on her throat. Giving wet kisses up, reaching her own in a thrilling embrace. She pushed her own tongue in, deepening the kiss, and causing her new husband to groan. She felt Ron folding her body to lay beneath his. The kisses continued and Hermione couldn't believe how many emotions were coursing through her as Ron melted her body with his love. He hitched up her knees, causing her ankles to rest on his shoulders; the sudden movement made the witch gasp, and open her eyes to see the flames within his. The azure staring intensely into mahogany. "I love you Hermione Weasley." He huskily whispered. A shiver ran through Hermione as his words washed over her. She knew what was coming, and she eagerly awaited it. "I love you Ron." … The second time she awoke that morning, the sun's rays were drifting into the room. Unlike the first, it was finally a proper time to wake for the day. She turned over, ready to give her Ron a kiss to wake him, when she found herself alone in their large bed. Her and her husband's bed. Hermione giggled; uncharacteristic for her. She rolled so she laid on her back and stared at the ceiling, remembering how blissful the last few hours had been. Their beautiful wedding. Coming together as man and wife. Their incredible wedding night, something she had been waiting for ages now. When they arrived, it had been rushed; just needing to be intimate again. It had been over three years since they had last been with each other -been with anyone intimately- it was blissful, nevertheless. But, the second time, after they had talked about their time at Malfoy Manner, they had made love . Sure, they both felt like their first time, years ago, when they created Rose, was making love. Yet, this time was so much more emotional. With everything they've been through, Hermione felt Ron's love in every movement, every caress, every touch. It was so much more serious than when they were just teenagers in his childhood bedroom. They had gone through many more trials since then; so, when Ron lavished her body and drew out every ounce of pleasure she thought she could ever feel; the witch knew that making love was exactly what they had done. A smile remained on her lips as she decided to go find her husband, perhaps making the tall ginger something to eat to satisfy this appetite, for actual food. She pushed her legs off the bed, raising her arms above her bushy locks to stretch. She was rather sore from romping with her husband; but, she could not have been more pleased with why her muscles were aching. Wrangling a yawn, she looked at the deep hardwood viewing the clothing scattered across the room. Her dress laid in a pool of white fabric, just where they had left it the night before. His trousers sat halfheartedly thrown onto the padded bench at the foot of their bed. Her lacy knickers graced the foot of the bed. Hermione gathered her gown and draped it carefully over the armchair by the fire. She slipped on her knickers from the night before, and wandered to the armoire in search of something to wear when her eyes danced over Ron's dress shirt. An idea pulled a smile across her face as she paced over and dressed in the white material. She folded the sleeves that flopped over her hands. The witch glanced in the mirror to see what Ron would when she found him. The shirt was long, and brushed her thighs, fitting her more like a dress than a proper shirt. She clasped a few buttons, still leaving a fair amount of skin showing. She was on her honeymoon, after all. She ran her hands through her hair, making sure all of it was out of the collar, and exited the bedroom. As she descended the stairs, she heard her husband instantly. Warming her heart to hear him whistling a chipper tune, as she inhaled the delightful smells coming from the kitchen. She rounded the corner to the entrance, where her redhead stood in front of the stove. She noticed he was wearing the apron she had given him for Christmas; only the apron she had given him for Christmas. Her eyes lustfully took in his broad, bare shoulders, muscular arms entwined with scars, trailing down to his pert bum, stark naked for her to see. A blush rose on her skin to think they were being this open with their bodies in a room other than the bedroom. The whistling was cut off when Ron cursed. " Shit ! Bloody buggar!" He groaned, bringing the thumb he had burned to his lips. Hermione paced toward him to wrap her arms around his middle, pressing her lips against his pale, freckled back. Ron hummed, craning his neck to view a mess of wild curls resting on his skin. Hermione kissed up his