Tolkien's characters, not mine, sadly. Please read and review. The room was brightening with the gray glow of morrowdim. The light crept softly across the floor to where Sam was sitting, motionless as a stone, in his great cushioned chair. He had sat a silent watch throughout the night, keeping vigil outside of Rosie's door, listening to the quiet murmurs within. The doctor's arrival in the afternoon before had brought a bustle of activity to Bag End, such as hadn't been seen since the last child had scampered across the doorstep for the last time, on their way out into the wide world. Visitors had scuttled up and down the lane, bearing flowers and meals and blankets and condolences and remembrances. Sam was glad to see the dusk come and drive the last of the well-wishers away. The doctor had secreted himself in Rosie's room, insisting upon peace and solitude for his patient, so all visitors had to be dealt with by Sam, and his patience had waned as the day grew late. He gusted a sigh of relief when the last hobbit crossed the threshold into the night. Sam's patient ears caught the scuff of the doctor's steps at the door, and he labored to his feet. The door creaked open just enough for Poncho Sandhill to squeeze his girth out of the bedroom. The old hobbit set his bags next to the great green door of the hill, and rubbed at a jowl with his hand. He collected his cloak silently, his eyes shadowed with age, puffy with weariness. "Well, Mister Mayor," he said quietly, stooping to retrieve his satchels. "I'm sorry to say that I've done all that I can, and there is naught left to be done. She rests easy, and shan't feel any more pain ere the end." Sam dropped his eyes and breathed deeply for a moment, then grasped Poncho's hand in his own. "Thank you, Mister Sandhill, for spending this time. I know you did all you were able." Poncho clenched Sam's hand tightly, trying to relay strength and peace in his grip. "Pass my regards on to the Missus..." Sam choked a bit on the words, but didn't look up. Poncho smiled sadly, patted Sam on the shoulder and stepped into the night. Sam leaned heavily against the door, his hand absently rubbing the worn, soft wood of the jamb. His aged face was lined deep with years and sorrow, yet behind the mask of time there lingered still the light in his eyes, the light that had gleamed in Moria and in Ithillian and in Mordor. It was the light of hope, and it shone still as he stood outside of his dying wife's door. Hope had carried him to the end of the earth and back again. Hope could surely cure his one love. Steeling his will, Sam went to the kitchen and fetched a tea tray, filling the teapot with water that had been simmering over the smoldering fire. He cut a few slices of soft bread and spread them with clover honey, Rosie's favorite. Hitching a deep breath, he stepped to her door and pushed it gently open. Rosie, his own love, lay quietly beneath a mound of quilts, quilts made with her own hands over the long years. Her face, too, was cleft with age, but she was lovely still to Sam's eyes. Her hair had faded to silver, but Sam still saw the bonny blond curls in his mind's eye. As he shuffled toward the bed, the teacups clattered a bit on the tray, and Rosie's eyes flickered open. She turned her face toward him, a curl slipping to caress her cheek. Her cloudy eyes, dulled by age, sought Sam out, and brightened a bit as they found him. Sam smiled, set the tray upon her bedside table and sat carefully on the edge of the bed. "How are you feeling, love?" he asked quietly, and gently stroked her cheek. "Tired," replied Rosie, lifting a tremulous hand to cover Sam's fingers with her own. "I'm so very tired, Sam." "I know you are. And you should rest. Don't you worry yourself about anything. Primrose is coming round to care for the house, and young Sancho Roper is caring for the garden. All you need do is lay here and get well." Sam freed his hand and lifted a teacup to Rosie's lips. She accepted a sip, but a bit dribbled down her chin as well. Sam softly wiped it away with his thumb and offered the bread up to Rosie, but she turned her face away from it, uttering a sigh of weariness. "Sam...My Sam," she whispered. "I'm afraid I shan't get well, my love." "Now don't you go saying that, Rose. This is naught but a spell of the winter sickness is all. You just need rest and a few of Poncho Sandhill's tonics to set everything to rights." Sam dropped the point of bread back upon the tray and grasped Rosie's hand. "No, Sam," said Rosie quietly. "No. You have to understand. This time I shan't get well. I am old, and tired, and weak. I do not wish to go on in this way. I am so weary, my dearest Sam." Her eyes were sad, resigned. "No," whispered Sam, his chin puckering a bit as he fought off tears. "Please, Sam. Please let me go. I am ready." Rosie shook her head on the pillow. "I cannot live forever Sam, and I don't want to. You have the chance to go on, to see Frodo again, to see a new world. I want that for you, my love. I don't want you to miss that because of me." "No, Rose. I shan't leave you...but Rosie, don't you leave me..." Rosie's eyes filled with tears and she pressed Sam's hand to her lips. "My love...my brave Sam." Sam's composure broke and he choked on a sob. "You must be brave again, love. You must let me go. I cannot continue forever..." "Please," whispered Sam, tears now edging freely down his cheek. "Please Rose...I can't go on without you." "But you must...you must..." Rosie summoned her remaining strength and pulled Sam down to lie next to her upon the bed. Together they lay entwined, weeping, gently touching one another's faces. Slowly, softly, they drifted to sleep in one another's arms. As dawn rose, tinting the bedroom in a glow of gold and red, Sam's eyes flickered open. His head ached in the light, and he squinted, passing his hand across his forehead. His hand brushed Rosie's cheek, and his blood ran chill. "No..." he faltered, laying his cheek to Rosie's mouth, feeling for the soft warmth of her breath. There was none. Her lips were cold, her chest still. Beneath the fringe of her golden eyelashes he could see the deep blue of her eyes, but they were dull, naked, dry. "No," he said again aloud, grasping Rosie's shoulders and shaking her gently, but he knew it was for naught. His Rose, his only love and comfort, had left him. Tears welled thick and heavy, dropping from his lids to Rosie's face, where they softly traced through her wrinkles, shining like dew in the dawn light. Sam buried his face in the hollow of Rosie's throat, and loosed a bellowing sob. His frail body convulsed as sorrow wracked through him, and the dim thought passed through his tear-clouded mind that he would now pass too, succumbing to grief at his beloved's side. But as the thought occurred to him, he was swept with a wave of rage. He grasped at the bedclothes and rent them with another sob. He stood and thrust his hands against the wardrobe, slapping at the doors with his palms, letting the sting crawl up his arms. He shoved the wardrobe with all his might, sending to rocking onto two legs and crashing against the wall. Heaving and weeping, he flung the tea tray at the door, sending shards of china showering like icicles through the room. He kicked the bedstead, and then he dropped like a brick to the floor. His breath came in ragged gasps, brutal and painful. He knew not how long he sat there, crumpled against the side of the bed, his face in his hands. The sun rose higher, sending a sunbeam traveling slowly across the floor, inching ever nearer to his wilted, broken form. As it found his face, warming him, heating his cheek, he opened his eyes and squinted in the light. He lowered his chin to his chest and took a long, broken breath, then struggled to his feet. His knees felt weak beneath him, and his hands were shaking. He forced himself on reluctant feet to the bedside. He knelt and took Rosie's cold hand in his own, kissing it gently. "Farewell, my love, Rose," he whispered, eyes brimming. "May your journey be swift..." His voice broke, and he kissed her hand again, then stood shakily and stumbled out of the room. In the hallway, he dashed his hands over his eyes, his chin quivering, and took a deep, shuddering breath. A clattering in the kitchen startled him, and he drew himself to his full height, tugging at his waistcoat. He walked silently to the kitchen, where he found Primrose bent at the fireplace, stoking the embers. Sam stood in the doorway, watching her as she bustled about, cracking eggs into a bowl and expertly whisking them to a light froth. She tipped them into a sizzling pan of bacon and sausages, then snatched several slices of bread, speared them on a fork and set them to toast upon the fire. As Sam watched her move about the kitchen, with such ease and assurance, tears once again filled his eyes, for she reminded him so of her mother. He cleared his throat and Primrose turned to look at him, a wisp of hair tumbling across her eyes. She blew a puff of air upward to shift it. "Good morning, da. I've made you some breakfast." She caught his eye, and she faltered. "Oh, da, oh no..." She dashed across the kitchen and flung herself upon Sam's chest, crushing him tight. "My poor da," she whispered in his ear, her own tears hot upon Sam's cheek. Sam buried his face against her shoulder, taking in her scent. He could not weep any more, he felt, for he had wept himself dry. He felt only empty now, worn out and withered and barren. Primrose pressed a kiss against his neck and wiped at her face with her apron. "Sit down, dad, and rest yourself." She guided him to the table and installed him in a chair, then set a mug of toddy at his elbow. "I'll send Falco Twofoot down the lane to retrieve the others, and to fetch Mr. Sandhill to begin arrangements." She faltered on the word, and hurriedly turned to the stove, dishing up a mountainous plate of eggs, bacon, sausage and toast. She set the plate before Sam and swept her hand across her eyes. "I'll see to mum...just rest you quiet until the others arrive." Primrose gathered clean linens from the cupboard and poured hot water from the kettle into a basin. She took a steeling breath and went to prepare Rose for her final journey. Sam sat alone before the fire, still as stone. The scent of the eggs and meat drifted up, warm and comforting, but he barely noted it. He stared unseeing at the fire, wondering at the journey that had led him to this moment, this moment of complete and total solitude. The biggest pieces of his soul had now flown from him, leaving him now more alone than when he had stood abandoned at the gates of Cirith Ungol. He felt a passing pain for his children, but they had grown, had left his house to homes of their own, to lives of their