Disclaimer: All characters belong to Rick Riordan, I'm just playing with them. Summary: The war against Kronos ended and now it's Christmas Eve. The heroine of Olympus and her godly best friend spend all day in the company of one another. In the end, it turns out to be the best Christmas Eve Apollo ever had, even when things didn't exactly go as planned. (Set in the same universe as The darkness within the sea. It is actually a small "prequel" of Apollo and Percy's first Christmas together.) Happy Holidays! ... A magical Christmas (One-Shot) For once in her life, Persephone Jackson was happy to be alone in her house on Christmas Eve. She adored her parents and loved to be around them, but for her special mission that day, she needed to be completely alone. How else was she supposed to sing along to " Santa Clause is Coming to Town " in her pajamas while mixing ingredients for several batches of cookies? She was happy. Happy enough to be singing " All I want for Christmas" at the top of her lungs with Apollo, who changed the lyrics so instead of being a love song, it was now a song about food and how much he wanted to have homemade cookies. She did say that she was alone, but it was because, technically, no one knew that Apollo was there; he wasn't supposed to visit Percy when she was home alone. Poseidon's rules. But who cared? Percy certainly didn't. And neither did Apollo. She had woken up to find him knocking restlessly at her door, wanting to show her that the streets were covered in a thick cape of snow. A white Christmas, the thing she loved the most in the whole world. So, after her parents left to buy some last-minute presents, Percy headed with Apollo towards the kitchen to prepare the most delicious cookies the whole world would ever taste. Now, truth be told, she had never baked before. And neither had Apollo, who Percy was sure had never done as much as boiling water. But how hard could it be? ... As time passed, she realized that it was actually very hard. "All I wanted for Christmas were good, homemade cookies," Apollo lamented, looking down at the blackened thing his favorite demigoddess dared to call a chocolate chip cookie. He arched an eyebrow and Percy grimaced, her cheeks reddening with embarrassment. Apollo's cookie wasn't the only burnt one, the other eleven cookies close to them in the counter were also startlingly alike rocks and not very easy to swallow. "I think that, as talented as I am," Percy cleared her throat. "Maybe, just maybe, cooking isn't for me. Think your godly powers might've helped with the others?" Both looked over at the oven, hoping that the other handful of cookies they made weren't as awful as the first ones. "Well," Apollo said as he peeked at them through the glass. "So far they look good." "Baking cookies from scratch was harder than I expected," Percy grumbled, pouting a little. "I should've just brought them from the store." Apollo smiled and straightened, his eyes locking on something close to the oven. He beckoned Percy to come forwards, and she obliged. "Perhaps..." He started to say. "But then I would've missed the chance to do this -" And then he blew the remaining flour on the cabinet over Percy. "You're in for it, Apollo." But, surprised as she was, Percy couldn't help but laugh. "You're all bark and no bite," He mocked her as she blinked furiously, clearing her eyes from the white powder there. She lunged for him, he moved away. "Oh, yeah? We'll see about that, Phoebus ." They started to dance around the kitchen, she moving towards him and he evading her attempts at attacking him. He laughed joyfully, feeling like a human rather than a god as he then made a run towards the kitchen island, making that a barrier between them both. "Coward," Percy laughed, then moved to the left, watching as he moved towards the right. "Ouch," Apollo said sarcastically, though his eyes scanned her face for any sign of her attempting to jump over the island and into him. He looked briefly to the counter in the middle of them, and saw a bag of flour, one he planned to throw at her. "Are we comfortable enough to be calling names at each other, Persephone?" Percy took advantage of his distraction, and, having the same idea as him but being quicker, grabbed the bag of flour and threw it at the god, who was too slow to duck. When he blinked down at her, his eyelashes were dusted with white, same as his hair, face and shirt. He looked like a walking bag of flour, one that would probably taste sour and bitter. "You tell me," Percy laughed. "Mr. I'm-better-than-everyone-but-apparently-cannot-duck." He moved his fingers through his eyes, blinking furiously in an attempt at cleaning them. Then he coughed, causing a cloud of flour to hit her friend on the face. Percy giggled despite herself. She thought she was lucky, not everyone was blessed enough to see a powerful Greek god bathed in cooking dust and looking shaken because of that. How silly they both must look; the savior of Olympus and one of the most powerful Olympian gods, laughing like silly humans because they dusted each other with flour. "Oh," Apollo sighed once he stopped laughing. "You asked for it, Ms. I-can-save-everyone-but-not-my-cookies." He jumped at her, making her squeal and start running. They chased each other as Christmas songs blasted through the whole house. No matter how far they moved from the small radio, the whole house seemed to sing along and help them listen. "For starters, it is not my fault the cookies we baked burned!" Percy giggled, dodging the paper towel he threw at her. "You were the one that wanted to dance and sing along to Christmas songs instead of making sure they would not burn!" "But they do taste horrible," Apollo called from behind her. "And if I recall correctly, it was you who prepared them." They were now on the living room, where it was harder to hide from each other. The Jackson's apartment was very small, and their living room barely had enough space for the three of them on a familiar night; it was quite amusing when they had another visitor and didn't know where to sit them. Usually, when that happened, Percy just excused herself and went to her own room, politely letting their visitor sit with her parents. "Stop!" Percy laughed when he backed her into a corner, close to a small love-seat. "Stop, stop..." Apollo smirked. He meant to look threatening and smug, but it was hard to when he could barely see through the flour on his eyes and face. Besides, he knew Percy would never find him threatening. If anything, she would probably find him pathetic. A pathetic excuse of a god, of a friend, of a lover. So pathetic that he wouldn't even bring himself to tell her he loved her. So pathetic that he could not stop himself from fearing her rejection. Gods were self-absorbed, self-assured and arrogant, conceited even. But when it came to her, he couldn't bring himself to put that facade on. He had supposed at first that his feelings for her were just the typical case of desiring something he could never have. But as time passed and they grew closer, he came to realize that it was impossible for anyone to know Percy- truly know her- and not love her. "Do you surrender?" Apollo shook himself off his thoughts and forced another smirk to his face. "Never-" Percy started, then was forced to close her mouth as Apollo shook himself like a dog, making all the flour on his hair fall into the shorter girl, who yelped. "Apollo!" "What about now, do you surrender and swear loyalty to the handsomest god in all the worlds?" Percy tilted her head to the side. "Who? Hermes? But he's not here-" Then she laughed when he lunged at her, offended by her words. Acting on an impulsive decision, she jumped on the couch and then at Apollo, landing on his back. "Holy gods, Percy!" Apollo gasped, stumbling a little at her unexpected move. Percy laughed and leaned her mouth close to his ear, "Do you surrender, Lord Apollo?" Apollo shuddered, as he always did when she dared to call him Lord with that rebellious little tone of voice, like she didn't care at all about his title as a god. Unknown to her, when she called him that in that way, he hoped that it meant that she didn't see him as a god. He knew her enough to know that she had the belief that most of the gods only thought about mortal girls as sexual toys. And Apollo never wanted Percy to believe that of him. She was his sun, his inspiration, his heart. She was not, and would never be, just a piece of meat to feast upon. "Do you surrender?" Percy repeated, shaking him off his thoughts. His long hair was pulled up in a man-bun, and Percy rested her right cheek against it, patiently waiting for him to answer. "Depends," Apollo mused, moving his hands to rest atop Percy's legs -which were wrapped around his waist- securing her so she would not fall. It was stupid, because Percy was agile enough not to fall off his back, but the thought of her harming herself in any way made his protective side emerge. "On what?" "On what you could offer me to consider surrendering. But be smart, my girl. Gods like me don't surrender that easily." "You want me to tempt you?" Apollo was extremely tempted to tell her that her whole existence was one big temptation to him, that he wanted to be around her all the time, that she was the only person in the whole world that never left his mind. That her smile tempted him to write the prettiest verses, and that her laugh made him want to sing and paint and play music. But he couldn't. He shook his head. Percy flushed in shame and disappointment. She didn't know why the disappointment, because she had gotten over the fact that someone like Apollo could never see in her anything more than a friend. It still hurt, however, to receive an answer like that. And still frozen and full of shame, she jumped off his back. "Percy?" Apollo started, surprise filing him at the way she had reacted. A small speck of hope made its way through his body, but he dared not think much of it. "Sweetheart-" But Percy had her back to him, staring straight ahead as she slowly moved towards the kitchen. "I better start cleaning the mess we made, or I'd be grounded until New Year's Eve." Clearing his throat a little, Apollo followed her to the kitchen. "That would be a shame." "Most certainly." Apollo smiled a little, hoping that her coldness towards him after that was for the reason he thought it was, and not because he had offended her somehow. "Do you know why that would be a shame?" Percy breathed deeply, trying not to snap at him. It was her defense mechanism, and he knew it. She tended to snap when overwhelmed with an emotion; this time, it was embarrassment which made her snap. "Because I'd be grounded?" He shook his head, "Because tomorrow I wanted to take you to Olympus with me, and I can't do so if you're grounded. Sally might hurt me if I do." Percy perked up, her curiosity overcoming her shame. She turned to face him and he smiled a little, knowing he had caught her interest. "What for?" The daughter of Poseidon raised her eyebrows. "Tomorrow's Christmas. Family day, and as much