BOWER BIRDS by Maloreiy Today was the day. Neville Longbottom took one last glance around his modest home. He'd spent the last four weeks rushing around trying to make it look presentable. His normal tendency was to leave things lying around untended, just this side of 'forgotten' if the truth be told. Since it was just him living in the cozy cottage, having left his grandmother's home soon after graduating from Hogwarts, he didn't often worry about what others might think of his living space. Occasionally he had friends come over, but as the least important and least impressive of all of his friends, his home was rarely the center of attention. The big flashy parties were always held at Malfoy Manor, and it never failed to surprise him when he stepped over the threshold that Hermione had managed to make it be almost as welcoming as it was imposing. The casual cozy get-togethers were always held at the Potters' house with the kids running around underfoot. And of course, there were the frequent invitations to the Burrow, where the whole extended-gang tended to gather at least once a month. Neville didn't fool himself into thinking he was really part of that elevated circle. He was welcomed, and with affection, but the Golden Trio and their respective spouses all shined a bit too brightly for him. He was just quiet, clumsy Neville Longbottom, Herbologist. His actions in the war reminded everyone that he was sorted into Gryffindor House for a reason, and though memories of that time always made him queasy, he took a quiet pride in how he had held fast during that dark time at Hogwarts, and he had certainly come through in the end. But now he was content to live quietly in his country cottage, tend his plants, and sometimes socialize with his friends. The last few weeks, though, his beloved plants had almost been neglected, as for the first time since he'd set up home, he systematically began cleaning and clearing and repairing and remodeling everything that needed attention. The outside of the house had a fresh magical tinting, with colorful window boxes filled with bright, cheery flowers. The fireplace had been carefully cleared, and any tiny residents had been expelled, along with the one very large bat that had chased Neville around the house until he'd finally gotten one of the doors open and used his wand to conjure a wind to whoosh the squatter out. The kitchen was sparkling clean; the floor was freshly mopped. The missing pieces of china and silverware had been replaced so he had full sets of everything. Of course, they didn't exactly match, but he thought the patterns were charming in the way they were all different. Along with that theme, the dining table had been fixed so it didn't wobble, and the broken chair had finally been repaired. Such simple things that Neville could have done a long time ago with a few waves of his wand, but he simply hadn't noticed until he'd received the missive by owl that had caused him to look on his surroundings with a fresh eye. As he turned to leave, he tried not to look down the hall into the room that had the door open. His bedroom had undergone the most change. He knew that what he would see was a brand new quilt, hand-pieced by his grandmother, on top of the bed that was twice as big as the small one he'd been used to sleeping on. The curtains over the windows were clean and new, a cheery bright blue that made him think of the sky, where he'd simply hung a blanket over a rod before. He was actually beginning to like the ease with which he could open and close the curtains to let in the morning sunlight. The room was more than big enough for the changes. Besides the larger bed, it also had to accommodate an extra night stand and an extra dresser. His dresser was an antique, an heirloom of the Longbottom family. He'd never wondered if there were matching pieces, but when he'd haltingly asked Gran if there was any of the furniture he could use to prepare his room, she'd taken him into the magical attic and unerringly found the drawers set that matched his own. In addition, there was a lovely white vanity table with a matching mirror that Neville was particularly struck by and he insisted on bringing it home where it fit perfectly in the corner nearest the window. Over the last few weeks, it had pleased him to look around his room and wonder. Wonder what his life would be like, how it would change…who would share it with him. He shivered a bit at that thought, as he always did when he stopped to think on the future. Well, the future was here. Today was the day. The last thing he did before leaving was he carefully scooped up the little potted Arnica. He'd been meticulously cultivating it for the last several weeks. It was a rare strain with a two-tone flower, somehow both delicate and bold. He was pleased to see that it had its first bloom just in time for him to present it to his bride-to-be. Once he found out who she was, of course. ~~~ooo~~~ The waiting room at the Ministry was a bit stuffy and oppressive. There were other blokes sitting around looking anxious, though no one Neville recognized. There were a couple of wizards who actually looked incredibly angry and more than once Neville's wand arm twitched towards his wand, wondering if he would be needed if violence broke out. He found it curious that there were no witches there. Perhaps they were being kept elsewhere. Or perhaps they would be meeting their wizards in another location. When Neville had first received the letter in the post detailing the Ministry's plans for the Marriage Law and his expected participation, he had felt the same initial dismay that the rest of the participants had no doubt felt. No one likes to think of the Wizarding World being at risk because of low population. But almost as soon as that thought had receded, he was filled with a profound sense of relief. The Ministry, through a complex procedure involving Arithmancy, the Sorting Hat, and some powerful charms, was going to choose a wife for him. Instead of going on a hundred dates where he felt awkward and foolish and went home quietly miserable—trying unsuccessfully to find someone with whom he could start a lasting relationship—there would be only one woman. One witch who was pre-determined to be his wife, who was chosen by the best experts the Wizarding World had to offer as being a match for him. At a dinner soon after he'd received the letter, his friends scoffed about the Marriage Law and the unfairness which required wizards and witches of a certain age to be forced into marriage. Hermione was particularly incensed, though the others all convinced her that it wasn't a terribly unusual situation as arranged marriages used to be quite common in the Wizarding World. The fact that purebloods had the option to be matched with other purebloods first, sent Hermione into another rant about prejudiced, outdated social structures. Sometimes Neville thought Draco brought these subjects up on purpose because he liked to get his wife riled up, and the highly amused smirk that adorned his pale, pointy face seemed to confirm that idea. Neville himself had said very little, shrugging off most of the questions that were posed to him. They were all married already, and so happy being in love that he didn't think they would understand that he was actually looking forward to having this question about his future laid to rest. They thought it was ripping away his opportunity to fall madly, passionately in love. He saw it as an opportunity to quietly and gently descend into love. Looking around the waiting area again, he noticed that he was the only one who seemed to be carrying a gift. The Arnica with its scarlet ribbon wrapped around the pot sat on Neville's lap and stood out starkly against the atmosphere that seemed both heavy and empty. He ought to put it on the floor, but after so much time he'd spent trying to get the rare plant to thrive in the pot, he was afraid to set it down and risk traumatizing it by exposure to one of the other occupants of the room. A man nearby began muttering under his breath, his hand covering his eyes and pinching at the bridge of his nose like he was staving off a headache. Neville tried not looking around at all of the others. The more he looked at the unhappiness around him, the more the worry and dread started to gnaw at his gut. There were a few voices from his childhood that he had never quite managed to silence. They told him that he was a disappointment, that he was embarrassing, that he was a poor excuse for a wizard. Most of the time he could ignore them. He'd grown up and achieved quite a bit in his field, and almost no one ever remembered him as that awkward Gryffindor who messed up every spell he tried. Even Gran was proud of him, and Merlin knew he'd once despaired of ever earning her approval. But sometimes, like now, when suddenly his future was looming huge in front of him, he felt a sickness in the pit of his stomach at the thought that maybe he really was just the same Neville Longbottom that spent his first ride on the Hogwarts Express looking for his toad, and then forgot to wear his robes on a school day. He shook his head to clear it. He wouldn't think that way. It seemed that most of the wizards who had been in the room when he arrived had already been called in while he had sat brooding. He didn't mind waiting; had expected it, actually, considering he'd come in ridiculously early. Better to be waiting here than sitting at home agitatedly tapping his fingers on his dining room table trying not to muss up anything in his house. It occurred to him suddenly that none of the blokes ever came back out. He let out a sharp bark of laughter at that, ludicrous images of the Ministry offing this generation's bachelors dancing around in his head. Obviously, they must be going out through another door. The Ministry probably didn't want any of the distraught couples to exit back into the waiting area, cluttering up everyone's hopes with their crying and their screams of defiance. He wondered, for the thousandth time, what kind of a witch they could possibly have paired him up with. And for the thousandth time, he failed to picture anything, completely unable to guess what a woman for Neville Longbottom might be like. Perhaps that's why he'd struggled so much in the dating scene. Women had seen him as cute and cuddly, sometimes a little needy. They'd wanted sophisticated and clever, but all he had was kindness and courage that came in 30-second spurts. He hadn't known what he was looking for, only that he hadn't found it. Or perhaps she hadn't found him. He rather thought he'd be content with a woman who was simple and easy to be around. He didn't much care if she had a career or wanted to stay and care for the home, or both at the same time. But he liked thinking that at the end of the day, they'd both be in the same place. And he wouldn't be alone. And neither would she. Maybe she would gasp with anxiety when he told her stories about the war. Maybe she would shed tears of compassion when he told her about his parents. He hoped she