Disclaimer: The world of Harry Potter belongs to J.K. Rowling and her publishers, and I do not own anything you might recognize. This is a work of fanfiction, and I do not make any money off of this story. A/N: This story was written for the H&V If the Prompt Fits Fest. The prompt I chose was: Draco and Hermione sitting in a tree. Thanks to scarlettcat for the lovely prompt! I really enjoyed writing this story, and I just love it. I will give you fair warning, though, that it's not usually what is expected of a Veela story, but I wanted to tell a lovely little K-rated romance. So enjoy this Hogwarts 7th year, Voldemort-free, Alternate Universe Veela story for what it is, and if you liked it, please drop me a line and let me know! Part 1 Draco Malfoy had thought that his entire life had been written out before him. The son of a prominent Wizarding family, he would receive high honors at Hogwarts, bringing glory to the House of Slytherin. Whether that glory came in the form of the House Cup, regularly beating the Gryffindors at Quidditch, or scoring exceptionally high on all his NEWTs, he would allow room for a little adjustment as to the details the story would take. But after Hogwarts he would marry a pureblood witch—beautiful, graceful, intelligent—from this there could be no deviation. He would have a child—one remarkable male heir, or possibly even two, even though no Malfoy had produced more than one child in over four hundred years. The next chapter would involve increasing the Malfoy fortune by taking his rightful place as the head of the family company. After his father had died in the Wizarding War when Draco was just an infant, that position had been held in trust for him and temporarily exercised by his mother, Narcissa. Draco was convinced that he would do his father's memory proud. He would run the various family companies and their administrators with efficiency. He would take his place as a leader in Wizarding Society. He wouldn't be a well-liked wizard, because rarely do people like those who are superior to them, but he would be well-respected. An invitation to a party at his home, Malfoy Manor, would be highly coveted among all of his business acquaintances. His name would be whispered in the streets of Diagon Alley as others casually moved out of his way when he walked by. Even the Wizengamot would speak his name in hushed tones as they assembled together, knowing that the House of Malfoy was one to be reckoned with in all things. And of course, all of this he would pass on to his son, at the appropriate time, as had happened for centuries before, generation after generation. He even rather thought he'd already picked out his son's name, according to the traditions of the also highly esteemed House of Black, which was his mother's family. Yes, Draco Malfoy had seen his future stretching out clearly before him. *-M-* He should have known there was something unusual about the way his mother constantly asked him about the girls at school. From the very first owl he'd written home, she had always responded with careful inquiries about every witch that he met. Sometimes she'd asked about one by name, while other times she'd asked for an overview of all of the girls at school. At home, she'd make comments about each of the girls, things she'd gleaned from conversation with their mothers or things she'd observed herself. "Isn't she lovely?" "What wonderful manners she has! But her family has always had impeccable breeding." "And how is dear Pansy doing?" Pansy was a particular favorite of Draco's mother. The Parkinson family had been very close to the Malfoy family. Both heads of the house were currently widows who had lost their husbands in the Wizarding War, and so Draco and Pansy had grown up closely together. Draco didn't quite have the heart to reveal to his mother that Pansy was becoming more and more intolerable every year. Her possessive attitude grated his nerves, her lack of attention to her own schoolwork irritated him, and, he was sorry to agree with the prevailing opinion, but her face really did resemble a pug. But whenever his mother asked, he always told her that Pansy was doing well in school, she was well-regarded, and she was growing lovelier every day. It was only the slightest stretch of the truth, and Slytherins had no compunction about sometimes slightly stretching the truth. His mother asked about the girls he liked, and the ones he didn't like. She didn't particularly seem interested in the girls whose names he couldn't remember. If there was one topic his mother absolutely hated, though, it was the subject of Hermione Granger, the Muggle-born best friend of Harry Potter. Draco had thought at first that he and Harry Potter ought to be the best of friends. After all, both of them had lost parents during the defeat of the Dark Lord. Being as how Potter was also distantly related to the House of Black, Draco had considered that they would get on quite famously. But instead Potter had taken up with the insufferable Weasley family—pureblood but poor, and completely unacceptable as appropriate companionship. Then to make it worse, he'd befriended the Muggle-born, and Draco had been glad that they were not friends after all. She was irritating, Granger was; she thought she knew everything, and her not even coming from a respectable Wizarding family! Seeing her hand shooting up in the air to answer every question, and seeing her bushy hair bouncing as she nodded rapidly along to everything the professor said, only served to irritate him past all his patience. Whenever he mentioned to his mother about what she had done, or more to the point, what he and his cronies had done to her and her friends, she always changed the subject rapidly. The first few times he told her about his latest prank, he was surprised that she offered no censure, such as she usually would when he regaled her with stories of how they had brought low some student or other. She was Slytherin enough to appreciate the tactics, but motherly enough to remind her son of appropriate behavior. But when Draco did something to Granger, like when he switched her pot of ink with combustible jelly and everything she wrote on her parchment smoked and sparked, his mother simply switched topics. Not a single word would she comment about the Muggle-born, as if Draco hadn't even spoken. And she invariably turned the topic to a different girl. "How are Daphne's grades?" "I saw Milicent's mother while shopping last week." And of course, "How is dear Pansy doing?" Draco had simply always thought that his mother was doing what every pureblood mother was doing: vetting the current generation for a future bride for his son. The day he found out the truth about his mother's topics of conversation was the day he felt his future being unwritten. *-M-* It was the summer before his 7th year, his trunk was already packed, and he was preparing to embark on his final year at Hogwarts. His usually very composed mother was looking flustered, nervous even, like she was slightly afraid. In all their years together she'd never displayed those traits and Draco was concerned. With a halting voice, and using slow, deliberate sentences, she revealed a secret that had been hidden within the House of Black: A Veela had once married into the Black family, her heritage hushed up to protect their status as pureblood. There were some who would consider the magical being to be equally as pure of magical blood, but there were some who would view the marriage as a stain on the family's reputation. So over the generations since then, there were witches born—particularly strong in magic—who would manifest Veela traits. A Veela mother always knew when she had given birth to a Veela daughter. Narcissa alone of her sisters was Veela, a secret kept and hidden despite the animosity between herself and her sisters. In fact, after finding her mate in Lucius Malfoy and living a relatively quiet life, it was entirely possible most of the family had forgotten about this lingering aspect of their bloodline. She hoped so, as no one would ever expect that the Malfoy family, who traditionally only bred one single male, would produce a Veela child. She had certainly never expected it herself. But a Veela mother always knows. To say Draco was surprised was an understatement. Distressed, he listened as she explained his hidden heritage and that having reached his majority he would begin to sense stirrings inside himself that were the presence of his mate. To say Draco was angry was an overstatement. He'd always assumed that he would choose a wife, or have one pre-chosen for him, based on an inflexible set of criteria. He had known the choices would be slim for the wife of a Malfoy, but he hadn't known that his life and future happiness would depend on choosing precisely the one witch who was the mate of his Veela…and ensuring that she accepted. Narcissa cautioned him that should he find his mate, he must not reveal to her the knowledge of what she was to him. In time, his Veela heritage may become obvious, especially while he was not yet bonded, but it was imperative that the Veela mate not feel pressured or obligated to bond with her Veela. The choice must be freely made, the heart freely given. More than a little dazed, he left for Hogwarts the next morning. He spent the entire train ride wondering if each girl he saw was the one, and waiting to hear from his inner Veela who was supposed to be just waking up. After a month, with no discernible changes within himself, he'd begun to believe that perhaps his mother was wrong. Perhaps he wasn't Veela. After all, a male Veela was highly unusual. Or, without discounting his mother's Veela intuition, perhaps his mate simply wasn't at Hogwarts and he had at least another year before he had to worry about finding her. He settled routinely into his schoolwork. As a Prefect he had authority and a certain amount of freedom, but without the heavy responsibilities of the Head Boy. That title went to Michael Corner, Ravenclaw, and of course his female counterpart was the Muggle-born Who Shall Not Be Named in His Mother's Presence. He understood now that as Granger was not a viable option for the wife of a Malfoy that his mother had wanted to hear as little about her as possible, instead concentrating on the witches who would be potential candidates for being his Veela mate. He captained his Quidditch team, and though he didn't win as many matches as he'd once originally thought he would, he rather thought he found a measure of glory in the famous rivalry between him and the Gryffindor captain. If he didn't catch the snitch but ran Potter into the ground a time or two, he considered his playing to be quite successful. Most of the team felt the same. Gryffindor team always took a heavy beating whenever they played Slytherin. Once, incensed at one of his team's carefully strategized maneuvers to unseat Potter, the Head Girl herself had marched over and threatened to take so many points from the Slytherins that their house cup would have to invent a token for negative points. They'd laughed at her, knowing she'd never have enough grounds to take points from a match where referees had already made rulings. And she'd marched away, curly head bobbing a counterpoint to her angry steps. Draco also wrote home, dutifully as always, this time being more detailed about the girls in school—save one of course—and repeatedly telling his mother that there were