A/N: I don't own Twilight or its characters; they belong to Stephanie Meyer. This is just what they got up to in my mind I tapped on my truck's steering wheel in time to the tune bellowing out of the stereo and took a deep breath in preparation for belting out the chorus. Shit! What? Why was my truck slowing down? I forgot all about the song as I floored the gas pedal, but still she slowed. I glanced into my rear view mirror and was relieved to see that no one was behind me. I pushed further on the gas pedal even though I knew it wouldn't do any good. All sorts of lights were now flashing on my truck's dashboard and every few seconds there was a loud beep that couldn't mean anything good. And even worse than all that, the air conditioning stopped. Today was so hot I felt like my skin was melting, so the absence of cool air had an immediate effect. My truck's engine groaned and then, sure enough, she spluttered, choked and finally lurched to a rather undignified stop. Damn. I hit the steering wheel repeatedly with both my palms and used swear words I usually reserved for assholes who really pissed me off. I turned the ignition key back and forth trying to coax my poor truck back to life. "Come on, please. Oh God, Charlie's going to kill me...if oncoming traffic doesn't first." I checked my mirrors again and instead of feeling relief that I wasn't about to be flattened by passing traffic, I realized the road was quiet, really quiet, which meant I didn't stand much of a chance of flagging down a passing motorist for help. "I can't believe this," I muttered to myself as I flicked on my hazard lights and tried to remember what to do first. Should I leave the vehicle or stay with it? My dad is a mechanic. I should know this. My brother is also a mechanic. I should definitely know this. I took a deep breath and reasoned that I was safer out of the vehicle. As I'd managed to steer the truck close to an upcoming grassy lay-by I grabbed my handbag, checked that my cell was inside it and left the truck, slamming its rusty old door in annoyance. Once I was stood a few meters from my useless truck I prayed to the cell phone reception gods as I unlocked my phone's screen. The sun was beating down on me, making me overly hot and irritable, despite the fact I was only wearing a strappy white top and tiny denim shorts. The exact shorts Mike had told me were too short and I should change before our date. There had been no date then. I mean, they're called shorts for a reason, besides, no guy tells me what to wear. Ever. I paced back and forth as my cell connected and I heard the very welcome ringing of the phone on the other end. "Em? Oh thank god!" "Bells, what's up?" I could hear clunking and shuffling as well as music in the background, so I knew Emmett was at work at the garage he ran with our dad. "My truck, I think she's finally died," I informed him, placing my hand on my heart. I'd miss my little truck. "What? Where are you? What's happened?" The clunking stopped and I knew I had his full attention now. "I'm out by old Mr. Copeland's farm, she just died, Em. One minute I was driving along, having a sing-along and the next minute she just slowed and stopped and now she won't start at all." Emmett chuckled at me. Very helpful. "This isn't funny, Em," I protested as he tried to hide his mirth at my situation. "Bells, it sounds like you just ran out of gas." "No way," I told him. "I'm not that stupid. I filled her up yesterday." "Oh." He was suddenly more serious. "Yeah, unless there's a gas leak, that isn't the problem." "Okay, dad and I are tied up here but we'll get to you as soon as we can. Stay out of the truck okay? And don't let some guy passing by try and help you, just...behave until one of us gets there." "Behave? What else am I gonna do, Em? I'm stuck in a lay-by on the hottest day of the year with nothing but my handbag." "Give me better directions, it won't take long to reach you," my brother soothed as I described more accurately exactly where I was. "Okay, stay close to the car and don't go crushing any candy on your cell, save the battery," he told me before we hung up, and I sighed. I paced up and down a little before spotting a raised flat stone and perched my little butt on that. I texted Jess, there was no way I was going to make our girls' lunch, now. She texted back with lurid comments about how she'd break down any day if it meant Emmett would come to her rescue. Eww. However, twenty minutes later, it wasn't Emmett who came to my rescue. I recognized the tow truck when I saw it approaching from some distance away on the long, flat road that stretched far into the horizon. It had our family business logo pasted over it but the person who got out of it was not family. I saw his copper hair first, glinting in the sun as he swung his legs out of the raised truck and his well-worn work boots crunched on the loose dirt and gravel in the lay-by. Edward Cullen. I scowled at him and he scowled right back, his height dominating mine as he neared me, making me wish I was wearing my trusty heels. "You could look a little bit more grateful," he greeted me when he walked closer still. I stood taller and deepened my scowl. He merely threw his keys in the air and caught them with an arrogance that drove me mad. Ten seconds together and I already wanted to wipe that damn expression off his smug face. "Am I meant to be grateful that I'm stuck here...with you?" I said, jutting my chin out. I wouldn't be bossed around by him. "You're meant to be grateful that I'm here to help you," he replied, pushing his shirtsleeves up further, which helped to showcase his tan bare forearms. Not that I was noticing. "You're only here because my dad or brother sent you." "Do you want my help or not?" he asked with raised eyebrows. "Not really." My mouth spoke before I could think through my answer. "Fine." Edward turned and started to walk back to the cab of his truck, covering an alarmingly long distance with only two large strides. I tried really hard not to look at his ass but it was right there, looking firm in his pale denim ripped jeans. Why was he wearing jeans in this heat? He must have been hot because he'd rolled up the sleeves of his checked shirt to just above his elbows, and the top few buttons of his shirt were open. I definitely wasn't looking at his chest or his arms, though. Nope. Not at all. The sight of Edward turning and starting to swing his body up into the cab of his truck had me realizing the seriousness of my situation. "Don't..." I paused. He turned and looked at me, a look of triumph on his face. "Don't…" He prompted. Damn. I hated the smirk that was now the only feature on his face, somehow even his eyes were smirking at me. "Don't leave me here. Were you really just going to leave me here?" I asked in disbelief. Edward dropped his smirk and looked defeated. "No. We both know your brother and dad would fight over who gets to kill me if I left you stranded here," he grumbled. "I'm not stranded," I protested as he scoffed. "Really? You usually hang out on the side of the road, do you?" "No, I'm not a prostitute!" I glared at him. "You're the one getting paid to be here, not me!" "You know that's not what I meant." He sounded repentant. "You're probably just saying that so I don't tell my dad, your boss , that you just accused his daughter of being a prostitute. Don't worry, I won't tell him," I added as he started to protest. "He wouldn't care anyway, he clearly doesn't care enough to come and help me himself," I grumbled. Edward rolled his eyes at my comment. "You're such a spoiled brat." He delivered his opinion with a small amount of humor but it was clear that he wasn't afraid of angering me. Funnily enough, I couldn't argue with him. Emmett was six years older than me and had always been an overprotective brother. He said it was because he knew what older men were thinking, but I was pretty sure he and dad just wanted to keep me a single spinster for as long as possible. If only they knew. "You know your dad and Emmett would do anything for you." "Except turn up here and help," I grumbled under my breath, earning a sigh from Edward. "I was with Em when he got your call. He has a big finance meeting today, with your dad and the bank manager, so I said I'd come." "Okay. Fine. Well, can you fix my truck?" "I don't know what's wrong with it yet," he spoke with the tone an adult uses when explaining something complicated to a child. "It won't start, that's what's wrong," I grumbled. He always saw me as a kid. I was his best friend's little sister. I was his boss' daughter. Never Bella. Never nineteen-year-old Bella who had grown up considerably since the days he and Emmett would hang at the house with their gaggle of giggling girls, repeatedly shooing me out of the way so they could do things with those girls that no thirteen-year-old should ever see. Edward merely rolled his eyes at me and I could tell he was biting his tongue. I knew I was exhausting him with my petulant attitude but I was pissed off. I didn't want him rolling up here like some superhero sent to save me. In his eyes, I'm sure I was always the kid who messed up. I was the nine-year-old who fell out of the tree he and Emmett had dared me to climb. I was the ten-year-old who burned pizza on the night he was sleeping over. And I was the seventeen-year-old who he had caught making out with Ben at the movies when he'd heard me telling Dad I was staying over at Jessica's. And now I was the screw up who was stuck in the middle of nowhere, too stupid to fix my own truck and forced to accept his help. I don't know what it was about Edward Cullen, but he rubbed me up the wrong way, always had. It was a shame really, because he was so hot that I'm sure if he ever rubbed me up the right way it would be fucking amazing. Edward took a deep breath and rolled his shoulders. "We need to move the truck further over here to the shoulder of the road so I can look at it safely. Can you get in, release the handbrake and steer?" I looked at him dumbly. "Really. That's all you've got?" "Do you have a better idea?" He raised one eyebrow at me as I remained silent. "I thought not." His smug grin was back. Again. "So you're going to push my truck?" "Yes." "Alone?" "Yes." He rather obviously rolled his eyes at me. "With me inside?" "Yes." Another eye roll. "But you have the tow truck." "We can't fit both vehicles in this lay-by. Trust me, I