Chapter 1: Dreamed a Dream Katniss stood awkwardly on the outskirts of the large ballroom, her weight shifting from one foot to the other as she twiddled with the pendant on her necklace. Her nerves were getting the best of her; nerves that arose from a number of things. First was her general discomfort of having to be in a room full of strangers. Katniss didn't really know how to act around a large crowd, especially when wearing a dress and heels. The one person in the room she knew was her faculty mentor, Professor Abernathy, but he seemed too preoccupied at the punch bowl, which was most likely spiked by some prankster undergrad. Second was the anxiety that always followed her whenever her boyfriend Cato wasn't around. He was a jealous and controlling man and she hadn't told him about the banquet tonight; probably because he would have forbade her to go, and partly because she didn't want to get her hopes up. To call him her boyfriend would be too kind a word; more like her captor, but if the rest of the night went in her favor, maybe his hold on her would loosen and she could be free. The final contributing factor to her nerves was the small pit of excitement she had tried to keep at bay since she had gotten that letter six weeks ago. She had read it so many times to remind herself that it was real. Dear Miss Everdeen, We are pleased to inform you that you have been chosen as a finalist for the Presidential Endowed Graduate Scholarship. You are cordially invited to join your fellow finalists, faculty mentors and board members at a banquet held in your honor, where the final winner will be announced. Attire is formal... Katniss took a deep breath; her life had been filled with disappointment and she wasn't ready for another one. As much as she wanted to feel excited about the opportunity, she refused herself the luxury. Katniss knew what winning would mean. It would pay for her student loans, would help pay for Prim's college tuition, and she could quit her job and be free from Cato. Despite having to provide for both herself and Prim ever since their father died before Katniss's freshman year in college, Katniss refused to settle on a mediocre life for herself, and especially for Prim. Their mother had fallen into such a deep depression after their father's death that Katniss was forced to pick up the pieces and do what she could to provide the best for Prim. She knew that her own schooling would be important in the bigger scheme of things in order to provide Prim with the life she deserved, but Katniss could only take out so many loans and eventually had to seek out more gainful means of employment. Prim was going to start college in a few months and Katniss wasn't proud of the things she had to do to keep their finances afloat. Winning the scholarship tonight could change things. Katniss refused to let the optimism get the best of her and anchored herself once more by twirling her pendant around her fingers. "That's a really nice necklace." The voice shook her from her thoughts and she jumped at the sudden intrusion. Only then did she realize that directly in front of her was a man's broad chest, dressed in a black suit and forest green tie. She thanked him, and brought her eyes up to meet his. They were the bluest pair of eyes she had ever seen. Katniss was not a woman of many words, but had she looked up into those eyes five seconds earlier, she doubt her brain could have even managed the pathetic, "Thanks," she had muttered in return. As she tried not to gawk at her new blonde haired, blue-eyed acquaintance, her ears managed hear him ask her to dance. The most she could muster was an affirmative nod and she composed herself enough to place her hand in his when he offered it to her. Peeta was not thrilled about representing his family at the scholarship banquet. The Mellarks were generous donors to the University of Panem and his mother would not allow an invitation to a formal function thrown by the University to go unattended. She cared too much about the family's reputation, but apparently the scholarship banquet was not important enough for the matriarch of the family to attend herself. Peeta ended up with the "honor". Peeta surveyed the room and found that many female eyes were watching him. Whether it was his handsome appearance, or his reputation as the heir to a rather large family fortune that drew the looks and suggestive smirks from the women around him, he didn't know or care. He had learned his lesson having dealt with his fair share of gold diggers and high maintenance co-eds during his time attending the University of Panem. He had graduated only two years before, but the girls hadn't change. They were all the same, superficial girls he had casually dated during his time as a student. He continued to skim the room, biding his time until the winning announcement was made and he could slip away from the rest of the banquet unnoticed. The color of her dress was what caught his eye, first. It was a deep orange color, his favorite, and it reminded him of the summer sunsets he used to watch on the beach during Mellark family vacations. Peeta noticed the fabric of the skirt swaying back and forth and saw the owner of the dress rocking nervously on her feet. He finally looked up at her face and saw a distant look in her eyes, and watched as she restlessly played with her necklace. He could tell by her expression that her mind was in a million places at once, and he found himself relieved that she was one of a handful of women in the room that wasn't staring at him. It was endearing that she seemed to wear her emotions on her face, and he felt oddly compelled to go talk to her and hopefully quell some of the nervousness that spilled over into her every action and expression. His feet found his way over to her and resisted the urge to chuckle as he stood in front of her for a good minute without her realizing his presence. As he led her to the dance floor and placed a hand on her waist, Katniss still couldn't believe she had said yes. Well, more like gestured "yes" since her brain and mouth had seemed to disconnect the moment she saw those blue eyes. There were so many reasons she should have turned him down. First and foremost was Cato. If Cato knew she was at this banquet, she knew he would be upset, but if he found out she danced with another man, especially one this attractive, he would go ballistic. Katniss should know better than to get on Cato's bad side. Second was her aversion to the male species in general. In her current line of work, most of the men she encountered were disrespectful pigs and her "boyfriend" could be considered to be the biggest pig of all. Typically, the line "That's a really nice necklace" meant that they were looking at something entirely different than her jewelry; more likely the part of her body that it rested on. Yet here she was, dancing with this tall, blonde, handsome man after he used that exact line. She slowly brought her eyes up to meet his and realized she couldn't have turned down those blue eyes, even if her brain could have remembered all the reasons to say "no". He continued to lead her as they floated along the dance floor, effortlessly maneuvering around the other dancing couples. Katniss suddenly became aware of the searing looks burning into her back from pretty much every female in attendance. She couldn't blame them. Her mystery man was gorgeous and she was nothing special. "What is your name?" he asked. "Katniss. Katniss Everdeen," she replied. "What's yours?" She tried to ignore the look of confusion on his face when she finished her question. She felt insecure enough being so close to him and didn't need any more reasons to feel inadequate. "Peeta. Peeta Mellark," he responded. Katniss tried to place the name; she knew she had heard it before. Perhaps he was a fellow scholarship finalist, yet the tailored suit he wore and the way he carried himself made her question that assumption. Somebody like him probably never needed a scholarship. She continued to wrack her brain to find the connection with the name. He must have realized that her mind was some place else, and that she was uncomfortably filling the silence between them with the thoughts that raced in her head. His voice brought her back again. "You're a very graceful dancer," Peeta complimented. "Very light on your feet." She knew she should be flattered by his words, but instead she tried to hold in a smirk. If he only knew... Peeta was uncomfortable around a woman for the first time in his life. Usually he was charming and the women would melt at his words, turning into giggling, flirty airheads. This girl Katniss Everdeen was proving to be a challenge. But Peeta was never one to shy away from a challenge. He was intrigued by how different she was from any other woman he had interacted with. Her face gave her away and she often found herself lost in her thoughts. He found it adorable when she furrowed her brow in concentration after he told her his name. That was probably what shocked Peeta the most: the fact that she seemed to genuinely not know who he was. He wanted to get to know this girl. The song finished and he hesitated for a moment before letting go of her waist and hand. The second his hands left her, she immediately reached for the pendant around her neck like it was a security blanket. He glanced at the pendant again and noticed that it was a bird flapping its wings, with an arrow between its talons. He was about to open his mouth to ask her about it when he was interrupted by a cheery female voice on the microphone. "Welcome, welcome everybody to the Presidential Endowed Graduate Scholarship banquet! My name is Effie Trinket and I am the head of the University of Panem Scholarship Committee". Katniss had become familiar with Miss Trinket throughout the application process. The woman had a bubbly personality, almost to the point that it irritated Katniss, but she couldn't deny that Miss Trinket was a tremendous help throughout the past few months while Katniss compiled her credentials and applied for the scholarship. Miss Trinket continued to speak, informing the audience about the history of the scholarship. It was awarded to one graduating senior and would pay off all the student loans they had accrued during their four years at the university. Katniss realized she was holding her breath. Then she remembered that she was still standing next to Peeta Mellark. The name was so familiar to her but she still couldn't seem to place it. Her thought process was again broken as Miss Trinket invited all the finalists to the stage. She turned to Peeta and thanked him for the dance and flashed him a small smile. The smile he returned made her heart jump. She made her way to the stage and was joined by the other five finalists. As part of the program, the finalists were to present their senior projects to the crowd. The scholarship winner had already been decided behind closed doors, so the presentations tonight did not effect the final outcome. The program was more of a way to showcase the university's diverse talent and encourage attendants to donate money