Title: Slow Dancing Fandom: The Hunger Games Summary: Peeta settles down to relax with a few friends at his favorite watering hole, not suspecting that a certain someone will come walking back into his life. Genre: Romance/Drama Rating: M for language, alcohol use, and sexual content in later chapters. Spoilers/Warnings: Modern AU. Characters and themes from multiple THG books. Author Note: This story was inspired by the song Slow Dancing by Lucero. This fic was intended as a one shot, but I do have plans to continue the story if there is interest. Aside from a few mini-fics that I have written for friends, this is my first attempt at writing for the HG fandom. Feedback and comments are greatly appreciated. Music by various artists is mentioned regularly in this fic. I created a YouTube playlist if you would like to listen to any songs that you might not be familiar with. The playlist can be found at: youtube /playlist?list=PLZ1jKRA1QZgCnBs7Tx-f-rMDH4qfjB7kE&feature=mh_lolz "Six months. Six months to the day." Peeta said to no one as he idly rocked himself on his front porch swing, listening to a beat up little radio play old country songs. He took a long, deep drag from his cigarette. Despite the cool autumn air, Peeta wasn't wearing a shirt. The cool breeze bringing goose bumps to his flesh helped to remind him that he was still alive, this wasn't a dream, and that everything he was experiencing was real. He blew out the smoke clouding his lungs. Coughing slightly, Peeta brought his right hand to his chest, over the mockingjay he had tattooed there about a month before he and Katniss broke up. Peeta had brushed off his brother's advice to never get a tattoo that reminded him of someone that wasn't family. "Girls come and go, bro. Tats are for life." Peeta snorted at the memory and then took another pull from his cigarette. Peeta never regretted getting the tattoo. He wanted Katniss in his life, for the rest of his life. She was everything to him. He was hurt beyond words when he found out that Katniss and Gale had kissed. Peeta tried to understand, be patient, knowing she and Gale had a history together, that he was practically family to the Everdeen clan. He was even willing to work through her feelings for Gale, hoping it was just a momentary lapse in judgment. Katniss felt that maybe they should take a break so she could figure things out. Katniss "figuring things out" involved not returning phone calls and cancelling plans. When it became clear that she was spending a lot more time with Gale, Peeta decided to back off completely, hoping that maybe she would eventually come to him. Peeta found himself humming to the song playing on the radio, Garth Brooks' More Than A Memory. He loved the song, but right now it hit a little too close to home. Peeta sat up, flicked his cigarette off into the grass, and then reached over to the radio, switching it off. Getting up to stand, Peeta winced as his left knee cracked and popped. It still hadn't healed completely from the motorcycle accident he had on the night they had broken up. Peeta thanked whatever angel might have been watching over him that he had remembered to wear his helmet that night. If he hadn't he might have been in worse shape than a hyper-extended knee, a concussion and a nasty case of road rash. He wished his Triumph Bonneville had fared as well as he had. It had been trashed, but not totaled. The perks of family owning a motor sport performance shop meant parts for cost, and access to all of the equipment he needed to do repairs. While his job happened to be bodywork and painting customer vehicles, Peeta had become handy with a wrench over the years. The majority of his weekends since the accident were spent repairing and improving the Triumph. Peeta had finished the repairs to the bike last week and the new paint job on the bike today. It was a two-toned black and scorched orange paint job that he had designed himself with great pride. Now that he had his own blood, sweat and tears in the Triumph, he truly felt like it was a part of him and better than new. Sitting around on a Saturday night, listening to old sad songs on the radio isn't going to help , he thought to himself. He walked inside, and grabbed his white t-shirt off the back of a chair. It had a small amount of brake fluid on it, but doubted that anyone would notice if he tucked it in. A quick trip to the bathroom to clean up, and then he was out the door, helmet and jacket in hand. The Triumph roared down the highway, it was the first time Peeta had gotten a chance to really open up his bike and get a measure of the improvements he had made. At some point he could have sworn that he saw blue lights behind him, but the cop had either given up or was going after someone else. Twisting the throttle a little more, he made his way in to town. The parking lot outside of Haymitch's bar was packed, with a line forming at the door. Despite the fact that from the outside the place looked like your generic, dingy hole in the wall bar, the inside was fairly respectable. It was well lit, clean, had comfortable bar stools, and a very nice selection of beer and liquor at reasonable prices. The pool tables were in good shape, and the jukebox was never so loud that you had to shout in order to have a conversation. The only thing that seemed to match with the outside of the building was the small, scuffed up dance floor with a tiny disco ball overhead. Peeta waited in the queue, chatting with the various people in line to kill time. Once he made it to the front of the line, he saw that it was Johanna Mason working the door. "Hey there, stranger." She said in greeting. "ID, please." "Hi yourself, Johanna. Also, you know for a fact that I'm 25." Peeta said grinningly, as he reached for his wallet. "Oh, really? It must be that sweet little baby face of yours." she quipped, grabbing his ID with one hand and ruffling his hair with the other. Peeta groaned in protest, as he smoothed his hair back down. "Trust me, Helmet Hair. It's an improvement." Johanna handed Peeta's ID back to him, and with a flourish, waved her hand towards the door. The smell of tobacco, warm bodies, along with a variety of perfumes and body sprays greeted Peeta as he crossed the threshold to the building. The jukebox was cranking out the chorus to Def Leppard's Pour Some Sugar On Me , which the majority of the bar was belting out, off key. Peeta walked up to Haymitch who was working behind the bar. "Hey, Haymitch. Three shots of Jack, and a Coke, please." Peeta requested. Haymitch raised an eyebrow at Peeta. "Good to see you. You look like you're doing better since I saw you last, but if that's how you're starting off the night, you might as well go ahead and hand me your keys." Peeta didn't protest as he placed his keys on the bar. Haymitch quickly scooped them up, putting them in his pocket as he turned around to grab a bottle of Jack Daniels. "So, what brings you to my fine establishment this evening? It has been a while," Haymitch said over his shoulder. "I had to get out of the house. I was starting to get kinda down, it's been six months today since Katn…" Peeta trailed off. Haymitch nodded, and gestured in a manner that suggested he skip that part. Peeta shook his head briefly, and continued. "Uh, anyway. I finally finished all of the repairs to my bike, so I thought I'd take her out for a spin, and then I came here. I was hoping I'd run into some friendly faces," Peeta said, as he glanced around the bar. Haymitch placed four shots and Peeta's Coke on the bar. "I'm not much for friendly faces, but you're always welcome here," Haymitch said as he clapped Peeta on the shoulder. Grabbing one of the shots, Haymitch tipped the glass slightly towards Peeta. Peeta grabbed one of the shot glasses before him, and clinked it against Haymitch's. "Cheers," they both said, as they tossed the shots into the back of their throats. Peeta picked up the remaining two shots and his Coke, and then sat down at one of the booths. The jukebox was now playing some pop song from the 90's. Peeta watched as a group of girls gathered on the dance floor, leaving their dates standing awkwardly at the bar, trying not to mumble the lyrics under their breath. Peeta sipped on his Coke and enjoyed the spectacle off the girls singing and dancing. "I'll tell you what I want, what I really, really want." Peeta jumped slightly and looked towards the female voice that called his attention. As he turned, he realized his face was exactly at chest level of the girl before him. He stopped himself short to avoid a collision. How did she get so close without me noticing? Peeta pushed himself back in the booth a little to give himself some space. The girl standing before him was tall, had long blonde hair, and was wearing a sheer golden dress. The way the light overhead was shining around the booth Peeta realized the dress was not her only article of clothing that was somewhat see-through. Eyes, eyes, eyes, eyes , Peeta thought for the heartbeat it took to compose himself. Looking up into her emerald green eyes, Peeta smiled as he replied, "Well, Glimmer, I take it that you really, really, really want to zigazig ah." Glimmer took his reply as an invitation to slide into the booth next to him. "Ten points for you," Glimmer said as she placed her margarita on table. "I haven't seen you in here for quite a while. How have you been?" "I keep hearing that. I guess I should get out more." Peeta paused to gather his thoughts. His brothers would have told him to not to mope about a girl, especially to another girl when it looks like she might have plans for you later. Peeta wasn't particularly interested in whatever plans Glimmer might have for him, but decided at the very least that the not moping part was decent advice. He was trying to get his mind off of Katniss, not talk about her. Glimmer nodded, waiting for Peeta to continue. "Well, I've been okay, I guess. It took me a while to heal up from the accident a few months ago. With my bike wrecked, I haven't had much of a chance to get down town without going with one of my brothers. I finally finished repairing my bike last week and I finished with the paint today. It's a nice night, and I didn't feel like sitting around the house by myself. I thought I'd take the bike out and come down here. I was hoping I'd run into some people I knew, and we could find something to do." Glimmer pressed in close to Peeta, sliding her right arm behind his shoulders. With her other hand, she grabbed one of Peeta's shots sitting on the table, quickly knocking it back. She brought her lips next to Peeta's ear. "If you want to go back to my place, I'm sure we could find something to do," she then leaned back with a seductive smile on her face. Her hand slid back from behind Peeta, running down the length of his arm, and down to his hand, where she slowly stroked his