Deanie's POV #1 The water brushed against my knees as the waves grew higher as I walked deeper in the ocean. Although I was wearing a full body swimsuit, I could still feel the coldness of the water. What little difference this body suit did in the spring. Its freezing in the water this time of year. Being as the water just melted the last of the ice from the toughest winter, the water needs time to warm up. I don't have the time for the water to warm up, actually I'm always fishing all year round. I mean my district is the fishing district, district 4. Seeing as that I'm homeless it doesn't surprise any workers that I'm taking part of their haul. They let me take as much as I want anyways. They are the only people that actually care for my well being thats why they leave me alone, while others get me in trouble. I could hear people whispering my name in disgust right now. 'Deanie is such a mistake to this district.' It didn't bother me, because today is the day of the reaping and everyone is now spending time with their loved ones. Mourning for their children that have already gone or spending time with their children while they can. I'm glad I don't have a family to care for, or disappoint. With the suns rays beaming off the water like a magnifying glass, it was hard to focus on the fish beneath the water. I had to try anyways. Although I didn't have the sunglasses like the other fishermen had, I didn't need them to block out the sun. I had my other senses. I raise the trident in my right hand ready for a fish to be nabbed. The trident is easily carried in my muscular arms, but today they feel weak. They always do on the day of the reaping. My thoughts trail away from the fish as I think about the Reaping. I hope my name gets called today. Since I am 16 my name is put in five times. I can put extra in, but I don't need to if I've got fish to hunt and berries to pick. Although I want my name put in more. It would be a way out for me, either win and be set for the rest of my life or die and be out of this shit place. I haven't decided yet. I find my self looking into the distance of the ocean. Watching the gaurd sharks do their job. You can't see them unless the sun hits their scales at the right angle. My eyes are blinded for a second. Then memory floods back towards me like a tidal wave. I run with my mother holding her hand. I was ten and she was still holding my hand I never liked it, but now I find it comforting because she is crying and is in fear. My father waits at our door in the distance and my mother runs faster. I tumble over my feet but my mom just roughly tugs me up. There is a look in my fathers face that I've never seen before. Fear? Terorror? I don't know but I'm scared. "What happened?" He grabs my mothers shoulders and pulls me beside him. "The peacekeepers-" Her sobs stop her. "I was at the docks with Deanie when," she looks behind her. "They were linning people on the ground with the guns ready." She clears her throat. "I went up to one and smacked the gun out of their hand." She escapes my fathers grasp. "He looked at me as if he was happy I'd done it, then they all trained their guns on them and shot them." Her head shakes and searches some more. "I just grabbed D and ran. I lost them after a couple minutes but," Her head darts all around us. "We need to leave." My dad looks at my mother with thoughtful eyes, after a minute he speaks coarsly. "Remember our plan?" "Yes, but what about Deanie?" I look up at her. "She's not a strong swimmer." She grabs my shoulders close to her. "We can't leave her in this hell hole." She waves her hands in the daylight. "Not in this disaster." "Yes we can." He looks deep in her eyes. "We leave her in our house and once they barge in they will find only her and swipe her memory and take her to Panam." He looks down at me. "Hopefully turn her into an Avox." "Then she will become one of them." She has hatred in her eyes. "It will be better than dead." He spits at her. "Come on we're wasting time." He grabs me by the hand and shoves me into the house and kisses my cheek and runs off with my mother trailing behind. I jump off the bed and follow my parents out of our sad excuse for a house and follow behind them. I hear a gunfire in the distance and my parents begin to sprint faster. I can't keep up. They reach the dock and dive straight into the water. They don't seem to care that its shallow. I sit on the edge of the dock waiting to see my parents leave me. The waves seem calm today and the sun seems less bright against the water. I watch the sun rays bounce off the water more than I watch my fleeding parents. The water is calming me though, it seems to be drying away my tears that have been planted on my face since my mom smacked the gun out of the peacekeepers hand. My parents are way past boarders now. I follow the suns path with its usual hit of the water, when I see an unusual reflection in the water. Its a shark. Only ten feet away from my parents and its coming close to them. They can't see it. I want to scream, but my throat is caught. Whats wrong with you Deanie? Use your voice. As I open my mouth to let them know about the dangeer, the water is filled with red. The water is splashed and thrashed in a feeble attempt to escape. They're gone now. My parents are gone. I'm alone. I have no family or friends. Only myself. A hand claspes on my shoulder as I stand looking at the remains of my parents. "You should go home." I look up at a peacekeeper. "Before anyone see's you." He walks away from me. I stand alone for a minute until more peacekeepers come. Then a run to my home. My only possesion. The reflection bounces at my eyes and I snap back to realality. Stupid sharks. Stupid world. I hold the trident in front of me. I caught enough fish today I'm good for now. I'll do some fishing tomorrow. I have to get ready for the reaping in a couple hours anyways. Everyone has to show up to the reaping, unless you are deathly ill. If you don't its punishable by death. Maybe I should do that instead of wasting everyones time. I shake the thought, then people will just think I'm a coward. I sling my trident over my shoulder and walk out of the water towards my shack. I made my home in one of the many abandoned fishing sheds. Sometimes I think the fishermen just kept it up so that I can sleep somewhere that isn't on the street. I honestly think they just kept it up because they didn't want to waste their time on something that small. I like the first one better. My shack is small but it is my only home. I ran away from my original home that night, thinking that the peacekeepers would burn it down. All they did was board it up and left it for nature. I could live there, but its too close to other people in this district and it homes to many memories for me. I like this place though. Its free and its not too big. I have enough room in the corner for a cot and I have a laundry basket that I found litering the water, that holds my clothes. I don't have many clothes but I have nice ones for the reaping and my everyday clothes. Of course I have my school clothes, but I don't go to school much. I mean I don't need it I can just fish. I riffle through the basket and find my mothers dress. Its blue like the colour of the ocean, and it has tints of silver in it that sparkles at certain angles, like the skin of the shark. I drop the clothes on the cot and strip from my whole body swim suit. I quickly slip the dress on my chubby belly and straighten it out. I don't understand how my belly is big but everything else about me is thin. I have long legs and long arms. Although they are muscular. I grab the brush and begin brushing my hair and leave my hair down and wavy. My mother always told me that my brown hair had the waves of the ocean. Then she told me that my light green eyes were the seaweed underneath the waves. I don't look at myself in the mirror, I just storm off to the main square to get this over with. I walk up the main street to get to the square. I'm happy because nobody is looking at me and nobody is talking or whispering about me. Today everyone is an outcast. Today everyone is talked about. Today everyone is quiet. "Hey!" My thought is caught short by the tall muscular blonde. "Hey De." I know who it is without seeing him. I turn around grudgingly. His short blonde hair matches his tan muscular body. My lips are straight. "Hi Finnick." I hate this man sometimes. Or should I say child. "Whoa." He puts his hand on his chest. "Your welcoming commity is too much for me to take." His smile is so cocky that I want to punch him. I hold my hands. "What do you want?" I look at him cold. "Your first time here in months and you want to speak to me." "Yea." He wraps his arm around my shoulder and lays a kiss on my head of waves. "You are the only person I can tollerate in this place." "Still," I say walking without moving his arm from my shoulder. I did miss him, I have to admit. I haven't really seen much of him since he one the games four years ago. He was only 14 at the time. He's 18 now and has completley filled into his looks. "I haven't spoken to you one on one since I was 12." "Well I want to fix that." I still wonder at his height. I'm five foot ten and he still has another foot and a half on me. "I mean I do miss hanging out with you." He stops and faces me and becomes serious. "Sure we spoke before I left for the games, but we didn't hang out much after your parents." He pauses. "You know." "Yes I do know." I slap his arm away from my shoulder and look him in his eyes. "I just don't think we should do that." I don't want to build a relationship with someone, that I know is just going to leave me once the reapings are over. "I have to go." before he can say anything. I storm off to the square. It takes me five minutes to reach the square and it takes another ten minutes to get registered. I am told to line up with a row of other 16 year olds. Every kid that I walk past ignores me and continues looking forward with red puffy eyes. I bet they want