The first time Eleanor Castlewood and James Sirius Potter met, she punched him. BAM. Straight in the face. Quite memorable if you asked him. Nothing but routine if you asked her. James Sirius Potter had the pleasure of having no cousins, siblings, or close family acquaintances in his year. He had a clean slate to start off his years at Hogwarts, and he certainly intended to take advantage of that to meet some awesome people and pull awesome pranks and show them that if he was the son of Harry Potter, he was James Sirius Unique Potter… Eleanor Castlewood was scared of nothing, be it bullies and fistfights or tea parties amongst fancy pantsy ladies. Nothing at all. But receiving a letter by owl saying she was a witch and that she was expected to attend a boarding school for seven years was certainly unusual. Her troubles began with the incredible salamander she convinced her father to buy her, and her mother fretting over the plain and rather inelegant school unifo… Erm robes. Eleanor left her parents outside of platform 9 ¾ as they were unable to cross the barrier, and walked confidently across the barrier as if she had already done so a thousand times. On the other side, the red steam engine transported her a couple centuries in the past, further even than when she went to visit her grandmother (she was a really narrow minded and half dement lady whom Eleanor never particularly enjoyed spending time with). But back to the the matter at hand. James had spotted Eleanor the very moment she had crossed the brick wall. Confident people have that strange way of attracting the observer's eye, don't they? Several people on the platform had turned to look at this girl pushing her trolley with the most poise and elegance James had ever seen in someone his age, casually letting people's eyes rest on her so in a way that was not cocky nor self-centered, simply unaware that her presence had such an effect on the world around her. James decided to look for friends his age on the train, and left the rest of his family in the last compartment of the train, furthest away from the Prefects' carriage, and began walking through the carriages, peeking discretely inside the compartments in search for fellow first years. "Oh my, you're James Potter, aren't you?" Someone screeched behind him. "Huh?" James turned around and saw a group of girls coming out of the bathroom. "Wait, can I get an autograph?" "An autograph?" James repeated stupidly, then ran as fast as he could away from the groupies that had begun giggling like creeps, and screeching his name through the halls. James zigzaged through the crowded corridors of the carriages, avoiding bags and elbows as best he could. He had managed to cross two carriages already when he spotted the food trolley up ahead. 'Oh no….' He thought, 'I am doomed.' He picked up the pace and tried to squeeze his way between the wall and the trolley. He closed his eyes and heard the unmistakable sound of plastic and aluminum wrappings falling to the floor, of coins clinking together as they rolled away. He didn't stop, eager to find a hiding spot. he was really starting to hate this whole fame thing. "Hey, you!" He heard a girl call. He stopped, and turned around. The fancy and noble looking girl from the platform was pointing a finger at him. "What?" He replied angrily. "Apologize." She said sternly, stepping towards him. "What?" "Apologize!" She was now standing only a few inches from him, tall and confident. "I don't know what you're talking about." "I saw you, idiot." "I don't know what you're talking about." He repeated stubbornly. Then he felt a sharp pain in his nose. "What the hell?" He shouted, grabbing his nose. He felt the warm thickness of blood through his fingers. "Apologize." The girl said again, unclenching her fist. "And help the lady pick the candy up." James nodded, then cautiously walked around the girl and bent down to help the trolley lady pick up her merchandise. "Sorry ma'am." He whispered. "Oh, dear, let me fix that nose. Episkey." She pointed her wand at him. "There." "Thank you ma'am." "Mr. Potter, I heard from Prof. Longbottom that you were thinking of becoming a healer." "I am, Sir." "You see… Your marks in my class are lacking, and I'm not sure you will be able to take NEWT level classes, not because you don't have the capacities, but because you lack basics, as I remember it took you three years to actually start working." Fifth year James Potter flinched at the words from his Potions teacher. It was true… He had not touched a single book before his fourth year, when he had discovered a skill for healing, when he'd fixed beautifully one of his Quidditch team mates arm after she was hit by a nasty Bludger. He'd really improved, reaching the level of the top three students of his year, but this was a bit unexpected. "What can I do, Professor?" "I've asked my best student if she would mind tutoring you, and she accepted." James raised an eyebrow. "Ms. Castlewood is the best potioneer I have ever encountered, I believe she will be a great solution to your problem." "Yes, sir." "I've asked her to meet me here, but it would seem she is a little late…" James resisted the urge to groan… Slytherin jewel Eleanor Castlewood was the ban of his existence. She was a Prefect, excellent student academically, brilliant Quidditch player and above all, the first Muggleborn to be sorted into the snake House. James had also learned of her Muggle noble descent, explaining also why she was so bloody perfect. And now she would be rubbing it in his face even more. A knock on the door brought him out of his reverie. "Yes?" Eleanor pushed the door. "Ms. Castlewood." "Good evening, Professor. I'm so sorry I'm late, there was a little accident in practice." She was actually still in her Quidditch robes, her cheeks red from the cold September wind. Her hair was unusually messy, pulled up in a sort of indistinguishable half-bun that had collapsed onto her shoulders. James noticed a few curls here and there sprinkled in her hair, which he found odd considering she had possibly the thickest and straightest hair ever seen. He knew that because his sister Lily was jealous, ok? "Potter, nice to see you." "Castlewood." "Alright you two." Professor Aconit said, seemingly oblivious to the tension between the two students. "I have an appointment with the Headmistress, so I must go. I trust you can settle down a proper revision planning, you are after all my two best students." James and Eleanor unconsciously smiled at each other, and immediately turned their eyes away upon realization. "I'll check up on your progress every three or four weeks, alright James?" "Of course Professor. Thank you so much for this." "I'm not the one you should be thanking, Mr. Potter. Don't stay too late, please." "Yes, Sir." Eleanor nodded, watching Professor Aconit leave the classroom with a perfect smile on her lips. "So, James, I hear you want to become a Healer." "Yep." "I'll help you catch up in Potions, promise." "Thanks…" "So, I understand what you're lacking in basic understanding of ingredients and potion use. So I got this book for you." She pulled out an enormous book from her bag, titled '5 000 ingredients for the perfect potion'. "Right…" "So Muggles have this thing for studying called flashcards. Essentially, it's associating a word or an idea to its definition, or most common use. For example, a flashcard for Bezoar would say antidote. Your flashcard for billywig wing would say deadly, only uses are Drought of Death and Poisons. That way you'll associate the ingredient with its use, so that even if you don't remember how to brew a specific Potion, you'll easily be able to produce something similar." "Erm… OK." James said, taking the heavy book from her hands. He opened it at the first chapter and began studying the pictures and labels and descriptions. '"I'm never learning all that." "Yes, you are. I'm definitely not going to be wasting my time, so you better learn all this or I will get violent." She smirked lightly as his eyes widened at the memory of their first meeting. "Just what I thought." "That's unfair, Castlewood." He moaned. Eleanor was now walking to the door. She pushed it open and was about to step out before she reconsidered. "Oh, and James? My name's Eleanor." "Mum, Mum, I got an O!" "James, it's way too early for you to shout like that." Ginny Weasley looked at her son, who was jumping up and down in his parents' bedroom, both still in bed, with a letter in his hand. "Mum, my OWL results! I got straight Os except in Muggle Studies, where I got an A." "Wait, even in Potions?" Harry asked, sitting up groggily. "Even in freaking Potions, dad! I have to go see Ellie!" James was already running down the stairs to the living room. He grabbed a handful of Floo Powder, and stuffed some in his pocket for his way back, and yelled 'Castlewood Manor' in the fireplace. A second later, he landed in a beautiful Victorian living room, with cushioned silk sofas and elegant tapestries on the walls. He'd brought some soot along with him, which was now sprinkling the carpet, and cursed loudly. "Who are you?" A stern and deep male voice asked him. "I'm sorry, my name is James Potter. I'm here to see Eleanor?" "What do you want with her?" He stepped forward, looking down on James from the top of his broad shoulders and six feet five inches. "Father!" Eleanor's voice yelled behind the giant. "That's one of classmates!" "Eleanor!" James sighed in relief. "Hey there, James. What can I do for you?" "I'm here to thank you." "What for?" Eleanor was sensing yet another long speech about how brilliant she was for helping him with Potions that year, letting him become her partner and bearing with his oh-so-lame jokes. "I got an O in Potions, and I couldn't have done it without you." "James, that's great!" Eleanor reached forward and hugged him. It took James half a second to react before he hugged her back. "I'm so happy for you." "I owe you so much." "No you don't." She said kindly. "Perhaps I can offer you some tea?" "Oh I don't want to impose." he said, realizing how poor and ridiculous he must have looked standing in a fancy living room in tattered jeans and Freaky Owelry T-Shirt. "Please, do stay." A soft and melodious voice insisted. A woman, the exact portrait of Eleanor, only a bit older and with light brown hair instead of ginger, was standing in the doorway. "We'd love to meet one of Eleanor's classmates, wouldn't we, dear?" She asked her husband. Sir Castlewood huffed in response. "That means yes." Eleanor translated. She pulled James to one of the sofas and soon the four of them were, or rather three because Sir Castlewood was not a very talkative man, were talking about magic and its world. Eleanor's father only became interested when James told him of his Aunt Hermione becoming Minister of Magic, and his father being the youngest Head Auror ever appointed. "So your family is famous?" Mrs. Castlewood asked, sipping her tea. "Yes, it is. The Weasleys have always been rather famous, everyone's heard that name, but now we're sort of heroes. It's a bit uncomfortable if you ask me. I don't do very well with fame." "Doesn't look like it." Eleanor muttered. "What's that, Ellie?" he asked. Her parents' eyes widened at the nickname. "I said 'doesn't look like it'. You're one of the most popular guys in school!" "Doesn't mean I