James Potter looked around platform 9 ¾ and sighed happily: he was about to start his seventh and last year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He took in the now familiar platform, the smoke from the Hogwarts Express that had once made his eyes tear up. He looked around, and his eyes locked on a group of redheads a bit further down. Albus and Lily rushed past him towards the redheads. James followed them, but he did not run. He strolled with confidence down the platform. He was a seventh year, he was an adult, he was of age, and he most definitely did not run through a platform towards his extended family and best friends. "James, dear, there you are" Grandma Molly greeted him with a hug. "Hey Gran. Hey Grandpa." He hugged Grandpa Arthur. For a few minutes (felt like hours), James went around greeting all of his family, and hugging and joking. "Fred!" he called as soon as he saw his cousin, and best friend, join the group. "Hey, James, what's up?" The two boys hugged like they had not seen each other in a century. Truth is, they had both been grounded during the last week of holidays and had missed each other's company unhealthily too much. "Hey James, finally out of the house are we?" Uncle George asked, grinning. "Fred was awful. I actually think the punishment was absolutely useless, you guys probably came up with a thousand more crazy prank ideas." Fred's sister Roxanne mused. She was Fred's twin and the two were actually inseparably close, though they hated to admit it. The truth is, they did look a lot alike, but had completely different personalities, thank the Lord for Aunt Angelina. She already had Uncle George and Fred, no need for her daughter to be a prankster too. A whistle blew, announcing that the train would be leaving in ten minutes. The Weasley children began waving and hugging goodbye to their parents, making way to the carriages in order to find decent compartments, and look for their friends and partners. James and Fred climbed on the train, eager to catch up on the longest week of their lives. They had a bunch of ideas for pranks to pull this year. It was their last and they had to leave a mark. I mean they were the grandson of a marauder AND the son of one of the Weasley Twins, the two greatest pranksters Hogwarts had ever seen, and they did not want to tarnish the names. They actually prided themselves in the number of white hairs they had brought to Headmistress McGonagall's tight bun. They hoped to break the record of detentions from both the Marauders and the Twins, but that was somewhat secondary. Fred and James joined Albus, Rose and Alice Longbottom in a compartment and reserved the two seats next to the window. They searched for their parents in the crowd. And that, friends, is when James saw her. She was hugging a tall black haired man. He must have been over 6'5 and towered over the massive crowd. Even Uncle Charlie was not that tall. The girl must have been about his age and was pretty tall too; she was much taller than all the women around her. She had straight but messy shoulder-length dark brown hair. She was wearing a red T-shirt and black shorts, covered with a large black and red shirt. Headphones hung around her neck. At least James thought that's what they were; they looked a lot like the ones Aunt Hermione had bought Hugo for his last birthday. He knew they were used to listen to music and did not at Hogwarts, of course, being a Muggle invention. "Hey, Fred, I've never seen that girl there, have you?" "Who? Where?" He pointed to the girl. "Nope, never seen her, her face's not familiar at all. Could be that someone got a makeover." "Nah, I don't think that's it, I mean look at the man with her. I've never seen him before and you don't miss a giant like that." James replied thoughtfully. "True…" They both stared for a few seconds. "Man, look at those legs though." Fred whistled lowly. "Are you hitting on someone already?" Rose butted in. "It's that new girl there on the platform." James explained. "She does have nice legs." Albus observed and Frank nodded in agreement. "What pigs" Rose sighed in disapproval and despair. "What crazy disgusting pigs." Marie Josephine Wright eyed the platform around her. It was busy, too busy, too loud. She noticed a particular bunch, redheads for the most part, that were particularly loud and obnoxious. She envied her father's 6'5 and his ability to see above all the heads. Even though she herself was rather tall, 5'10 actually, there were still a lot of people taller than her. "Well, I forgot how loud England was. Sure clashes with the atmosphere of Beauxbatons." " Papa , how could you forget how loud this place was! It's unbearable." "Come on, you'll grow to love it." Her father replied. "Anyways, you better get going dearie. I have to go meet your Maman on the other side of the barrier. She's going to start worrying I left her there." "Sure." I hugged him tightly. "I'll write as soon as I get settled." "Of course. And I want to hear about your sorting and your house and all." She laughed softly in answer. Right, sorting… Hogwarts must really be one crazy place. She was bound to stick out. There were seldom transfers between the wizarding schools and much less for the last year of one's studies. If it weren't for her father's reputation in the British Ministry, the girl doubted she would have been allowed to go to Hogwarts. Marie Josephine picked up her bags and her courage and climbed on the train, doing her best to ignore the curious eyes on her. Between the younger students taking in her height and the older students wondering who she was, she just wanted to find a hole and stay there forever. She found an empty compartment almost at the end of the train and dropped her bag and her trunk on the floor, racing to the window for a last glimpse of her father. She saw him go through the barrier and plumped down on a seat with a sigh. She put her trunk on the shelves and took off her well-worn Doc Martens shoes. She lied on the seat, propping her feet up against the wall. She put on her headphones and closed her eyes, hoping sleep would come soon. She was exhausted from the move to England that summer. Plus, she had been fairly nervous about being the only new student (except for first years) in this new school. Not that she would admit it of course. She was lost in thought; slowly drifting into a half-sleeping half-awake state when something, or rather someone fell on top of her. She tried to sit back up but there was a dark-skinned, light-eyed boy crushing her. Another boy, brown eyed and brown-haired but with light skin was standing with his eyes wide opened. " Qu'est-ce que …" she began, taking off her headphones. "Sorry about that." The first boy apologized, trying to get off of her. "No worries." The other boy was now trying very hard to conceal laughter, making him look like a goldfish holding back. Hard. "I think I tripped on your shoes when I came in" the first boy explained. "I'm Fred Weasley by the way." "Nice to meet you, I'm Marie Josephine." She tried not to sound as star struck as she really was. She was standing in front of Fred Weasley, son of the WWW owner, which meant that the other boy was his best friend, cousin and partner in crime… "I'm James Potter." The other boy extended his hand and shook Marie Josephine's. "Hi." "Sorry about disrupting your little nap." Fred said. "Ah, no, don't worry about it." "We really thought the compartment was empty." James explained. He was stuffing a strange cloak into his back pocket. "So…" Fred said, noticing I was eyeing the cloak curiously. "That's one funny name you got there." "Umm, I don't really know how I'm supposed to feel about that last statement." They both laughed. "Sorry. You're new right? I think we saw you on the platform. Was that your dad with you? He was bloody tall." "Yeah that was him. I just moved from France, actually. I'm a seventh year." "Oh, us too." James said cheerfully. "So, have you already been sorted or are you still expecting?" Fred asked. Mare Josephine raised an eyebrow at his use of vocabulary but answered nonetheless. "Nope, although I believe I'm either Hufflepuff or Slytherin. Less likely Slytherin, though. If he was really into purebloods like they say he was, a half-blood might not be well liked in his house." "I see." Fred seemed a bit tense. James seemed to notice this. "Sorry, Freddikins here still suffers from house discrimination." He explained playfully. "We're both proud Gryffindors. And Weasleys, that goes without saying." Marie Josephine smiled and Fred laughed full-heartedly, all awkwardness forgotten. "Anyways, why'd you guys burst into my compartment?" "Ah!" Fred mused, still grinning, "That, Marie Jo, is for us to know and you to find out." The girl raised an eyebrow at him (again). "Listen, Brit, you're famous even in France and I know you both are pranksters and completely crazy, I just didn't think you were as hardcore as to start pranking people on the train!" "Wow, sorry, no need to get angry, Frenchy." Marie Josephine glared at him. "Are you a fangirl too?" James asked wearily. "Nope, but I did share a dorm with tens of them for six years." He seemed to relax at that. "Jesus, fame sure doesn't seem fun." Marie Josephine muttered. "It isn't." Fred answered. "Mate, I think that was rhetorical." James whispered to his friend. They were now sitting in front of Marie Josephine, both intrigued by this new girl. Her knowing yet playful grin. The mischievous glint to her eyes. The incredible sense of comfort that hovered around her. "Do you like Quidditch?" Fred asked after a minute of silence. Marie Josephine laughed. 'Damn, if we pulled the Quidditch card already, I think I'm going to struggle making friends. I mean these are supposed to be the most outgoing blokes in this country.' She thought, but answered nonetheless. "Yep, love it. I played beater for Beauxbatons." "Really? We're both beaters too!" James immediately went into Quidditch Captain mode. "Are you going to try to join the team from your house? It's a great opportunity to make friends and all." "Well, depends. Since there's no real equivalence between French and British curriculums, I have to take an exam to see what classes I can and have to take. So it really depends on how many classes the Headmistress has me take." "I see. You should try nonetheless, it's good fun." Before Marie Josephine could answer, Fred interrupted. "Are you a school freak or something?" "Nah, not really." Marie Josephine was a bit weary of Fred. He seemed to always ask the right questions about her character and she disliked having people read her so easily. "Then why do you care?" "Hey, I'm diving into unknown territory here, I just don't want to crash into the ground just yet, ok?" They both laughed at her angry answer. "Sorry, I didn't mean to make you angry." She smiled in answer. "So tell me about Quidditch at Hogwarts." "Well, Gryffindor has a real good team, mostly consisting of our family. Hufflepuff are not bad but their game is too nice so they end up losing to Slytherin, who tends to play dirty and cunning. Ravenclaw are good on technique and strategically they are probably the best, but they are physically weaker." James was in Quidditch