A/N: Hello everyone! This is my first ever Hunger Games Fanfiction and I'm really excited about it. It will be a multichap and hopefully there will be two sequels. I was inspired to write about a past Hunger Games by reading the works of Caisha702, PK9 and Number One Fan of Journey, and chose Wiress as she's one of my favourite characters and there's hardly anything written about her. Also, as the works of Number One Fan of Journey are basically semi-canon in my mind, I've included several sneak references to them in the story. If you're familiar with Brutal and Horrible , try and see if you can find them! Disclaimer: I do not own Hunger Games; it belongs to Suzanne Collins. I did not write Brutal and Horrible ; they are by Number One Fan of Journey. Also, I thought I came up with the style of arena and the kind of weapon Wiress is going to use all by myself, but when I was browsing DeviantArt recently, I found someone else's picture of Wiress' games, and it was in a very similar arena with the same weapon. I remember having seen this picture earlier, so it was probably in my subconscious. But I just want to say: I did not intentionally copy this artist's idea of Wiress' arena and weapon. Also, my story is very different from the author's description of the Games underneath the picture. I developed the entire rest of the arena and everything that happens in the Games by myself. So if you're reading this, Atropos93, it wasn't my intention to steal the arena and weapon ideas, but do I give you credit for them. The picture is entitled Wiress's Games and is by Atropos93. Do not search it up if you don't want spoilers as to the arena and Wiress' weapon. So I hope you enjoy! ~~o~~ I was born, raised, and died beneath a shadow. Not that of the looming stone factory dominating the skyline of my birthplace, although my house was one of the thousands hidden under its shade. Nor that of the hazy canopy that billowed daily from smokestacks, choking the sun in its sooty embrace. No; while every child of District Three sees and understands those things from birth, I first witnessed this shadow when I was seven years old, though I did not comprehend it for much longer. I was walking home from school beneath the smoggy blanket we called sky, when my attention was captivated by a speck of pure white amidst the omnipresent grey. Rushing to where it lay, I discovered a small ivory-colored songbird, its downy feathers giving it the appearance of a fat snowball. It was, like me, far too young to survive on its own, and had in all likelihood fallen out of a nest perched atop a nearby building. However, as any child would, I took it home and kept it within a makeshift wire cage, where I might gaze upon its beauty every day. Not many months had gone by when I learned a very unpleasant and inescapable truth about the world in which I lived. In a pointless act of defiance against this shadow, I flung open the cage doors and allowed the bird to escape into the night. Although I could not fly free, it could, and what right had I to deny it that liberty? Within a week's time, I found the bird lying on the pavement again, its breath stifled from the toxic smoke defiling the air. This time, though, its feathers were streaked with pitch black soot. I knew then that everything had been in vain. Nothing, no matter how innocent, could ever stay unstained. Five years later, I had my childhood ripped away from me before a stage in a crowded town square, and the memory of that day and its harsh lesson flashed through my mind. But it was not until I was seventeen that I fully came to realize how poignant that long-ago realization really was. ~~o~~ "Wiress. Wiress. Wiress. " I open my eyes. The grimy window casts a mottled light over the contents of my bedroom, bathing everything in shades of grey. Vision still veiled with the ghost of sleep, I brush away a ribbon of dark hair and just make out the diminutive figure of my father in the doorway. He hears my bleary moan of acknowledgement and the door comes to a gentle close. Although the offer of rolling back over for another ten minutes of sleep is tempting, I bring myself to push aside the worn blankets and meet the day. Flicking on the switch, I cast a brief look around my room, now blazing with the stark glow of a bare electric bulb. Like every other part of the home I've shared with my dad and little sister for as long as I can remember, it's modest but comfortable. Whitewashed walls free of any embellishments. Two small beds, stripped of their carelessly rumpled covers. Simple shelves neatly lined with the mementos typical of any District Three child: the first wire loop knotted in third grade, a sliver of glass from the lightbulb made in fifth, the fanatically dusted microchip that earned an A plus in seventh. And in the corner ... an exasperated smile crosses my face as I see that Talee has already left her mark upon the wardrobe. The tall wooden box has been ripped from its closet nook and deprived of every article of clothing owned between the two of us. Blouses, t-shirts, jeans and the rare dress have been discarded in an untidy heap of cloth. Rolling my eyes, I slip into a dull grey gown, give a half-hearted attempt at untangling my hair, and step out into the kitchen. Dad's small, perpetually anxious face glances up from our breakfast of fried eggs. He surveys me head to toe behind his wire-rimmed glasses, opens his mouth as if to speak, hesitates, then mutters, "Eat up, honey. We've got an hour until..." His quiet voice trails off. Completing the sentence wouldn't have been necessary, even if I hadn't known this day was coming for months. All the dread he's had to suffer for five years was revealed in that one unspoken word. The reaping. This will be my sixth. At seventeen years old, I have only this and one more year of attempting to make myself look presentable for people who could not be more distant from us if District Three lay in the ruins beyond District Twelve. One more year of being displayed like faulty factory equipment at the mercy of a manager, who decides with a cold eye what can be salvaged and what must be thrown to the scrap heap. One more year of hearing the gasp of a child no different from me as they are chosen to be yet another sacrifice to the power-drunk Capitol. One more year of watching them inevitably fall while a faraway city cheers its approval. One more year of gritting my teeth, hoping for the best, and wondering why. I hated the Hunger Games the minute I understood what they meant, and it is a feeling that has only escalated over the years. It scared me, at first, that such intense anger could exist within a person without driving them to insanity. It frightened my father, too. He's always been a nervous man, but never more so after mom died giving birth to Talee when I was six. District Three may be one of Panem's wealthier districts, but when a family can't afford health care, they can't afford health care. To be honest, it hasn't affected me that much. I can't remember a thing about it, only that it drew the three of us together more tightly than a bundle of knotted-up cords. Dad wanted to shield us from the harsh realities of the world. He kept attempting to delay the 'talk' in which every child learns why two of their district's youth disappear each year. But I was a curious child, and once my seven-year-old self knew, the damage could not be undone. Dad tried his best to distract me every time the blaring of the anthem announced what people referred to as the monthly 'slap-in-the-face' broadcasts – excerpts from past Games, most of which featured District Three tributes dying horribly. He'd hoped that my revolted obsession with the Games might die down. Yet it didn't, and it remains the only obtrusive thing about quiet, introverted, utterly un obtrusive Wiress Bentell. The perfectly average-looking girl who prefers to do her schoolwork alone, who spends hours braiding thin strands of steel at the wire-making factory, and who has never forgotten the name of any District Three tribute to die within the past ten years. It seems morbid to most people. That's because it is morbid. It's awful and depressing and makes the thick black smog blanketing the sky every day seem that much darker. It's impossible to sleep at night when your dreams are swirling with the faces of people you never knew, people whose names echo a gruesome refrain even in your waking hours: Bynra Kendall, Thew Canda, Monit Scarnel, Lovi Vargas, Icon Puter, Maria and Spayne Carriedo... It's unfair that a seventeen-year-old girl should feel she owes these people some sort of debt just for breathing when they are not. It's wrong that she should remember their names better than those of her classmates, mourn their deaths more than that of her own mother. But it's also unfair that she lives in a world where children lose the right to live by age twelve. So I see it as the only way I can remain unstained, at least on the inside. By respecting those who couldn't. At least, that's how I justify it. "Hell-oo? Earth to Wiress!" Talee waves her hand frantically in front of my face, and I start, realizing that I've retreated into my thoughts as I so often do. She sinks back into her chair with a beaming grin illuminating her features, the epitome of an annoying little sister. "Sheesh, someone's out of it today," Talee remarks jokingly. "Should I just eat your toast for you?" She pretends to tantalize me by holding out a piece of bread and jerking it back. "I am pretty hungry." I sigh in exasperation but otherwise make no remark as I reach for a different slice of bread. Despite the fact that she's only eleven years old, Talee's wit never fails to astound me. I may be above average intelligence on the topics of math and machines and memorization, but when it comes to the world of people, I always get lost, unable to read the ever-changing facial quirks and voice inflections. And entering into an argument with Talee inevitably leaves me tongue-tied. I've learned to just nod my head and go along with whatever she says. I know her well enough to understand she prefers it that way anyway. In fact, she's about the only person I can read, apart from dad. Sensing she won't get a response, Talee switches instantly to a different conversation. "So, d'you like my dress?" Abandoning her breakfast, she skips to the center of the room and twirls mock-vainly in the same patched navy-blue frock she's worn for the last five years. "Blitza Marquee says she's got a new one for this year's reaping. I told her to tell someone who cared. As if I'm going to lose sleep over what she's wearing, even if she is the most popular girl in my grade. Isn't she just the most obnoxious person ever?" "You look fine, Talee," I put in absent-mindedly, poking at some scrambled eggs. "You didn't even look ." "Yes, I did." "Well, look again." "Girls, please quiet down." We both turn our heads immediately towards dad's pained voice. Of course. He's always like this around the reapings – extra jumpy, anxious, disturbed by every little