Hello readers. This is my first story on FanFiction, and I am looking forward to writing on this site. Please no criticism, unless it is to help me. Thank you. Since this Hunger Games is the 100th, obviously the rebellion never happened. Yes, this story is inspired by My-Stars-Shine-Darkly-Above-Me. I understand that this twist for the Quarter Quell is not an original idea by her, but I still would like to give her credit. Also, Scout (one of my main characters) is slightly like the character Aurora in her story. I do not own the any rights to the Hunger Games series, but the characters in this story are all mine. Scout Woods (15) District 6 A lot of people say that I'm insane. I can't exactly argue. The only thing that could lead to a quarrel would be that I am only slightly insane. Although, it's getting worse. I don't know exactly what to call it, because it's not exactly a thing. I suppose you could say it was a mental illness, but I don't look at it in that light. I don't really see it in any light, though. I just know I have it, that it's there, but I never bother to do anything about. I don't waste my time thinking about something that I can't change. All of these things go through my head during the most dreadful 6 hours of my day; a.k.a. school. I'm sitting through one of my least favorite classes, and listening to my least favorite teacher. I know kids feel aversion toward their teachers, but my dislike for this particular teacher is different. This teacher, Ms. Ford, loathes me. It's not the ordinary kids hate teacher for no reason, because I actually do have a reason. That reason being: she hates me back. I don't know when it started, or why, but there has always been this feud between us. Whenever I do anything, even the littlest thing, she gives me detention. It's like she is trying to make my life at school even worse than it already is. I'm not necessarily rude to her, but I suppose you could say I irritate her from time to time. It's not that often, but every once in a while, I enjoy doing something to set her off. It's usually not all that terrible—or rude, for the matter—but I still feel a conclusion of joy when I see her snap. I have been half-listening to the conversation she is having with the class. I don't exactly know what about life they are talking about, but I've heard the word 'life' enough times to know that's what the discussion had turned to. Someone behind me kicks my chair, and I turn to see who it is. I glance at the person, a girl with brown hair and freckles, but I do not recognize her. I raise my eyebrow, marveling what she kicked my chair for. She stares at me, then at something behind me, and then back to me. Taking this as a sign, I turn around to see Ms. Ford. Her arms are folded, and she is looking at me with an angry expression. Then again, that might just be her normal look. "I'm sorry, did you ask me something?" I ask. "Scout, why don't you explain life for us?" She asks, an amused look taking over her angry one. I do not see why she is so amused by messing with a 15 year old. It baffles me, how much joy comes out of it for her. Then again, I'm not so different. I sigh, knowing that I'll have to answer the question or I'll get detention again. It's not like I have anything to do later, but I would rather do nothing than spend my time with her in detention. "I don't see any reason to complicate life. All you must do is breathe, eat, drink, and sleep. From when your born to the age of 18 years, most of what you do is decided by your parents. Of course, you still make thousands of decisions every day, but they don't matter, they don't affect anything. Eventually, you die. Everyone is going to end up dead one day; we can't live forever. There is no such thing as immortality." I answer, not putting much effort in it. In response she tells me, "Unless you do something very momentous. Then, people will remember your name forever." "Do you not know what the definition of immortality is? It's to live forever; not to live on forever. There's a disparity, you know." "I don't see any difference, Scout." "That's why you ended up as a teacher." This last thing I mutter to myself, and can only pray that she doesn't hear. I cringe as she storms away, and I wonder if she'll announce my detention to the entire class. Instead of doing this, she continues on the discussion and I breathe out. I am more grateful then I should be, but I don't mind. I am just so relieved that I don't have detention before the 'Reaping'. You see, it's not technically a Reaping, because the tributes aren't being 'reaped'. They are chosen by the Capitol this year. I don't know if this gives me a better chance or not, and I ponder the possibilities of how they selected the tributes. They must have read through bios of all of them, to see what they are like. Surely the Career districts will have violent, dangerous Careers. The other districts might have weak tributes, or strong, I don't know how they would choose. The 'Reaping' is also peculiar because it's in the afternoon, where it is usually in the mid-morning. The only bit of happiness I see about this 'Reaping' is that it will be shorter, due to the lack of escort rambling, since there will be no escorts. I also heard that there wouldn't be a Dark Days video this year. If that's true, this will be the best 'Reaping' I've attended. When the bell rings, I leave the class, walking briskly to my locker and putting everything away. There was no homework today, since two people were going to go into the Games. The teachers usually went easy on the kids for the entire Hunger Games, especially when our tributes die. It's horribly sad to see them go, but the most depressing part of it all is that I never knew those kids. I never said a word to them in my life. Yet, I miss them terribly when they die and feel sympathy for their families. Perhaps, someone from District 6 will win this year. That would presumably be the biggest upset for the Capitol citizens. I know they abhor it when tributes who aren't Careers win. That is, unless that particular tribute has something about them the Capitol likes. That is a very small list that probably includes the following attributes: bloodthirsty, mad, lovely, humorous, or just plain likable. Though, it is arduous for any tributes besides Careers to be fancied when the only tributes they show on TV during the Hunger Games are Careers. I tread back home, walking through the streets, and avoiding other people. The air is cordial, though it's the middle of fall. The leaves have already changed their colors, and lay in piles on the side of the street. I watch a few little kids playing in them, tossing them in the air or jumping into the piles. I observe their smiles, and the happy glint in their bright eyes, and wonder if I ever looked like that as a kid. As I reach my house—a shed, more like it—I open the door and head to my room. I smell something burning, and guess that my father is trying to cook something special for the 'Reaping'. I keep listening until he begins to swear, and then my mother starts to shout at him. I try to block the noise out of my mind and nimbly get dressed. I change into a blood-red skirt, an ivory tank top, and white flats. I grasp a comb and brush out my white, wavy hair. I brush it out all the way to my mid-back, which is where it ends. I don't bother doing anything else to make me look dainty. It's only a Reaping. Well, a 'Reaping', but same difference. I then tie a red bandana around my left wrist, which contains scars from when I wanted to end it. It has been a few months since the last time, and the scars are white, but my parents coerce me to hide them. They are ashamed of them—or me; I haven't quite figured it out yet. (A/N: The paragraph above is inspired by My-Stars-Shine-Darkly-Above-Me, and Scout's suicidal action and/or personality is inspired by one of My-Stars-Shine-Darkly-Above-Me's characters named Aurora. This action/personality will become a bigger part of the story as it progresses. I understand that this doesn't show up much in this chapter, but if you read carefully, you may find some places where it is talked about or referring to without actually saying the word.) I walk out of my room and sit at our dining table. My parents stop quarreling when I enter the room, and I am pleased. They usually wouldn't stop fighting, but I guess they have decided to since there's a 'Reaping. I have never understood why people make such a big deal of the Reapings. The tributes are just chosen, they aren't deceased yet. I understand that they leave, and I know that it's sad, but that's no reason to make a big deal about it, before it's even happened. My father hands me a burnt cookie, and, although it's doesn't look appetizing, I eat it. I must. He would be mad if I didn't, and hurt. I can't make either of my parents feel like that, they're lives are already awful. "Scout, dear, I'm so sorry, but neither of us will be able to attend the Reaping." My mother tells me, giving me a woeful smile. This does not astonish me, and after assuring them it's fine, they leave the frigid house. I gaze at the clock, and see that it's about time for me to leave as well, but I don't leave, not yet. I sit there, enjoying my loneliness. I don't know how long I sit for, it could have been a few minutes or a few hours, but I decide to leave. I only leave because the loneliness has turned from being nice, to threatening and depressing. I stride to the door and leave, my green-grey eyes scanning the area that which I live. I always do this before a Reaping. I want to have a good vision of the space I grew up in just in case I end up being reaped, because that meant certain death. I walk to the center of the district, get my finger pricked, and then wait in the 15 year old section. The sun is still aloft, but it is slowly setting. The temperature has become fervent, and I envy the other kids standing around me. My pale skin burns ever so easily, and I do not wish to have a sunburn tomorrow. Not that I care much about my appearance, but I perfectly hate having pale skin and hair. For one, I don't know any teenager who has white hair like me, it's just impractical. And two, its even worse with pale skin, because then it's white on white. It looks scary, like I'm a ghost of something worse. I stand out in the darkness, which should be most embarrassing, though, I don't feel it. Our mayor stands on the stage and starts rambling. I don't pay much attention to him until a silver envelope is given to him. Curious, I watch as he opens it and clears his throat. I now understand that whatever was in the envelope must say