Memoirs of Bellatrix Black By TimeAndLife21 Author's Note: I loved how Rowling portrays Bellatrix LeStrange in the Books and how her psyche works. But really, what goes on in that mind of hers? And how did she really end up like she did in the books? This is a bit of a side story that I couldn't really put into Black As the Blood In Our Names due to the rather violent, dark, and very mature nature of this side story. It Is In the BATBION Universe, but this is focused so much on Bellatrix that there isn't really anything I can do to put other Black Family Members into this story. I could do it, but this will be mostly from Bellatrix's POV, respectively speaking, as this does focus on her. It will not give any major sort ofspoilers away for Black as the Blood In Our Names, but will give some hints to what I will be doing for Bellatrix in the Story. Bellatrix is more of a tragic character rather than some sort of villain to be honest, so this will show a very dark and also very human side (However twisted it is) to the Black Family. So these may be seen as drabbles for BATBION Bellatrix, mostly because this is what you guys will see of her past… XD So, Take a seat and get ready for A Bellatrix story that I think people have been waiting for. Also, This fic will have a completely different tone from my other fics. It's Mature Rating is very Dark, very Adult, and it deals with a lot of stuff that I will mention in the warnings down below. If you have seen my profile, It is very old and in need of a dire update. I have grown as a writer and as a person, so I'm not as judgemental as I once was like my younger self. I still have squickish tendencies towards certain types of fics, but because I'm writing one of my own because of my changed outlook on certain topics, This doesn't mean that I support said certain topics. So, with that said, let's move along to the story. IMPORTANT WARNING! : I will be touching on sensitive subjects such as: Thoughts of Suicide, Same Sex Attractions and Bisexuality, Murder, Mentions of Non-Consensual Sex, Mentions of Incest, Mentions and some scenes of Abuse (Sexual, Emotional, Physical, and Mental), Self-Harm, Drug and Alcohol Abuse, and possibly more. The Black Family in my mind has always been on the Dark Side of Magic, but they can be even darker people with loose morals and sometimes inhumanity. Keep in mind, though such things will be touched on in Black as the Blood in our Names , it doesn't go into descriptive details like this side story. If you don't like the subject that I'm bringing up, you may close out this story and go find another one. You have been warned. Bellatrix Black had always enjoyed the color Red. Yes, She loved Greens and Silvers as was her family's way of being in the House of Slytherin at Hogwarts for the Pureblooded and Cunning. She looked damn good in said colors too, but something about the color red just makes her more comfortable. She loved putting the exact shade of red as a rose on her lips. It gave her a more sultry look since she had turned 14 years old. Sometimes she would have red lipstick custom made to be the exact shade of blood. It looked pretty good on her, and sometimes sinister, but that was how things went in the Ancient and Noble House of Black. Unfortunately, the color red seemed to repulse her as she was in her home throwing up into the toilet as she made sure that she was definitely alone in her parents house. Cygnus and Druella Black had died in a freak charms accident when she was 17, so she was lucky that she was legally an adult, but she was also in charge of her siblings. Grandfather Pollux may be head of the Branch Family of the Blacks, but she was the Legal guardian of Andromeda and Narcissa. She was lucky that Andromeda had left England to be with extended family in France so she was lucky to not be around for the time being, and Narcissa was at the Malfoys so that she could get to know Lucius a bit more as he courted her. She couldn't bear to have her sisters see her in this weakened state...and especially not around Grandfather Pollux. She had been on Auror Patrol tonight, called to a home that had a sinister glowing skull and snake hovering over the place, and she had to witness the aftermath of a brutal massacre of a minor PureBlood family, one of the members were...her first and closest girlfriend. The Fryes family had been Purebloods since the late 18th century and were rather proficient in making ice charms and spells for even the hottest summer days in England. They were more aligned with the Light side of magic, but dabbled in the Dark side when it suits them. She had met the girl at Hogwarts that was part of the Family, Maria Fryes. She was a headstrong woman, a Hufflepuff if you can believe it! But she was rather kind to Bellatrix in their school years, so Bellatrix had a somewhat friend in her, in the beginning. Maria was just as beautiful as Bellatrix. If Bellatrix was the Moon and Stars, then Maria was the sun. She had straw gold hair with equally golden eyes, tanned skin from working under the sun, a button nose and pink rose petal lips and a dimple on her left cheek when she smiled so brightly it hurt. She was all curves and she was the kindest girl in the school, but she wasn't the type to roll over when the going gets tough. Oh no, Maria was a woman who, if you dare to pick a fight with her, her words were "There's a Reason Why Badgers can take down animals more than 10 times their size." She was Loyal to a fault...and Bellatrix admired her for that. Bellatrix has always had swung for both genders. Going out with a few boys and even some girls was not uncommon in PureBlood Society (Though it was frowned upon by muggles, many Muggleborns and some half-blood standards). She had snogged Icarus Miner (A Halfblood Prefect in Ravenclaw) in her 5th year while he was a 7th, and she had experimented with Katya Yenchovic (A Gryffindor in 6th year when Bellatrix was in her 4th whose Blood was as pure as they came, but rather submissive when it came to their trysts in secret corridors and nooks, Bellatrix had always had a dominant personality), but Maria…. Maria was someone that Bellatrix knew that she had to hide her feelings for. (Yes, the Black family has always been staunchly making sure that they pass on the name to male and female heirs, but that didn't mean that they would hide even the darkest secrets of liking the same genders as they are). Sure, she liked men and women just the same, but Maria was something special. She may be loyal to a fault, she was headstrong like a Gryffindor, and she would defend her fellow puffs in need, but Maria when she was with Bellatrix, Maria was her soft-spoken loving self. Bellatrix could remember the days at Hogwarts when they would study together, walk out to Hogsmeade together, whenever they would find the time, they would be attached to the hip. They had met in 3rd year when Bella took runes and hated having a Gryffindor partner, that Maria would be her partner because she was a bit smarter than some of the puffs that she knew. Maria was more or less on the spectrum of swinging as well. But the surprise is that they thoroughly enjoyed each others company that they didn't need to have any trysts and the like. There wasn't any need for it. A Bambi couple so to speak. Maria was a cuddler and she would always have her arms around Bellatrix's waist when they would be outside against the trees on the grounds and would cuddle into Bellatrix's side. And Bellatrix with flushed cheeks, would hug back and bury her head into the golden hairs that smelled very much like roses and wine. Bellatrix's tears and silent sobs broke through after the third time she threw up. Bellatrix really loved Maria. Kind, sweet, and strong Maria who had a passion for her ice charms and wanted to expand on the types of Ice Magic that her family was famed for… The memory was fresh in her mind as she entered the Fryes family home with her group on Aurors… She saw the adults, strewn about the floor of the lobby, The cold glazed eyes showed that indeed the killing curse was struck, but as they moved inward closer to their living room, Bellatrix had to call upon her innate will and strength to not buckle her knees, and fall to the ground crying in shock and horror. There was blood everywhere. The floors, the walls the ceilings...it was everywhere. There were children who were cut and slashed to pieces, as few of the teenagers were hanging from the ceiling from hooks like pigs in a slaughter house. Bellatrix was stone cold faced as her fellow aurors were trying to gather their bearings of this massacre. "Let's...see if there are any survivors...Black...take Faust with you to the upstairs…" The Lead Auror coughed and sighed, he was just as sick as the rest. Bellatrix was on automatic as she held out her wand and walked down the halls of the upstairs, looking into the rooms to see if there was any evidence that they could find who killed the family (Bellatix's thoughts went to the Knights of Walpurgis… The Bastards) Faust split from her going on ahead as she came to a room that she knew was familiar to her. She could remember the time she stayed the night here with Maria after accepting an invite to do so, just a few days before the start of their 7th year at Hogwarts. Bellatrix could remember that very night with Maria as they had talked about their time at Hogwarts, what is their future careers and so much more. "Trix, what do you think?" Maria spoke as she took out a rather pretty purple dress and laid it on her front, her voice sounded like bells to her. "Hm?" Bellatrix lifted an eyebrow at the color before she raked her hooded eyes over the girls uncovered body. Currently they were in their thin nightgowns, Maria was wearing a white nightgown to her knees, and Bellatrix was wearing a green one to her thighs. Bellatrix wasn't as curvy as Maria was, but she was thin and athletic. Something that she wanted to keep up with as she wanted to become a hit witch. Sadly, she was lacking in the rack department...barely a B-cup if she was lucky. But she was still quite the beauty. She was a Black after all. But Maria...Bellatrix took notice of Maria's perfectly straight gold hair and wanted to entangle her hands in them. She had a much larger breast size which made her slightly jealous, as they were a C-cup and it was definitely emphasized by the nightgown she wore. Maria wasn't athletic, but she loved dueling. "It's a nice color, it brings out your eyes." Bellatrix smirked. "Well, I'll be wearing it to the next Ball...My Father was hoping that I could meet up with Patrick McKnight again...the last few dates was successful." Maria blushed a bit. Bellatrix was a jealous woman by nature...but she liked to keep things that were hers and hers alone...very rarely would she let it out of her sight