A/N: Alright, so this is a little different from my typical short stories. This is a collection of poems told in story format - poems strung together to form a plot line, inspired by Ellen Hopkins's Crank. I hope you all enjoy, and please review and let my know what you think! Rating: T Disclaimer: The image isn't mine, I don't own Percy Jackson, and I don't own Crank , either. As long as we've got that cleared up. Note: To anyone who might feel uncomfortable about the subject matter of drug usage: this story does include drugs. Be forewarned. Lost My Mind Have I ever told you about the time I lost my mind let it spiral free, out of control loose and lascivious promiscuous ribbons of rouge rage spring magnolia blossoms tossed on the wind, juices dribbling over the pavement, sinking into the cracks, watering the weedy invaders: dandelions and thorny thistles, poor bare feet. Truth is, I'm not even sure what I'm writing about anymore so I guess I had better just ask: Have I ever told you about the time I lost my mind because I've forgotten my memories have liberated themselves, finally set free can you recall what happened to me and solve the everlasting mystery? Body and Soul They say poetry is a good way to let your feelings flow seeping out of your pores like sweat it's very therapeutic, you know but see, here's the thing I'm afraid my problem can't simply be solved with simple words in simple columns my story is long and heartbreaking heart-wrenching, to be honest enough to make you want to cry I know I have, oh God why this is a story of poems or perhaps it's a poem of stories either way I've gone completely crazy, lost it might as well just accept my new career as the Central Park bag lady but for now I might as well cleanse my body and soul just like the yogis say after all what have I got to lose, everything's been taken already: morals malleable as clay body and soul dirty as soot coating the insides of a chimney so let me write this story of poems or perhaps poem of stories not for me, nope, no sirree but for my poor, battered body and soul It All Started When I met a boy, cliché, I know couldn't even be original, had to pull from the book of been there, done that, laughing all the while but it's true, I thought he was different dark hair, pirate smile eyes like a Heineken bottle I guess that's a weird way to describe your lover's eyes beer-bottle-green, doesn't it just make you cream yourself? sorry if I've scandalized you but you see, there are things to be upset about, outraged about and there are things to take with a grain of fucking salt and this is simply the latter (as most things are, like it or not) so just deal with his Heineken bottle eyes, because despite what I may have led you to believe they were really quite something to see turned my life upside down that was it for me His Name Was Percy and he was eighteen years old, a year older than me it wasn't that he was a bad boy, even though he was or that he smoked cigarettes, even though he did it wasn't that he was a rebel, even though he was or that he had this way of smiling lopsidedly, even though he did it was the way he looked at me the way he said my name An-na-be-th rolled it languidly on his tongue, let it linger on his lips oh he was bad boy perfection all right, but in the best ways he didn't own a motorcycle or wear a leather jacket he simply didn't give a fuck about what other people thought God what I would give to have the spectacular talent of hoisting my fist high up into the air, knuckles white and raising my middle finger to God, to the world, to everyone God what I wouldn't give to be him But I Wasn't Him I was Annabeth Chase, resident good girl, polar opposite two shoes dangling from my fingers, cold and limp, like a wet noodle I got good grades, played on the soccer team, golden girl all around, best friend since kindergarten by the name of Thalia Grace, best friend to have, because she brought out the best in me, not that there was much of that X-factor 'best' to bring out, the sad, sad truth because here's the thing I've learned: only lies are beautiful the truth has an undeniable way of being ugly as the boil on the ass of society Thalia, Punk Rock Chick, Blondie 2.0 She was everything I was not: adventurous and outgoing, singularly brilliant, not just book smart, but people smart, too spiky hair and blue eyes that sliced through you like lightning, electrocuting, sizzling Death to Barbie t-shirts and leather wristcuffs opposites attract, or so the saying goes and with Thalia that saying was certainly true not a single doubt in my mind We Were Best Friends Since kindergarten, or did I say that already? How stupid, you'll have to excuse me, I'm a little scatterbrained today, but anyway, Thalia and I met on a threadbare circle rug reading Dr. Seuss together, bonding over red fish, blue fish and green eggs and ham, though I always thought those books were stupid, I mean there was no periwinkle fish, which was my favorite color until I was sixteen years old and looked into his eyes for the very first time, tsk-tsk-tsk, changed by a boy, Annabeth? Deserting your morals already, well I guess that's true, but wasn't I the one that said morals were malleable as clay? anyway, friendships forged like that, over dried Elmer's glue endless games of memory, and plastic kazoos are the kind of friendships that last forever or at least they do until one party (me) decides to fall for a bad boy and offer herself into the world of drugs and smoke and hazy dreams (oops) Yes, It's True it was drugs that shoved Thalia and I apart, drove a thick wedge in-between us, because Thalia's mother, her name was Beryl, 80s TV star with big hair turned single alcoholic mom in the 2000s, had a substance abuse problem too. It had driven her son, Thalia's brother into the American foster care system and Thalia, poor Thalia, had never quite forgiven Beryl for her missteps, and looking at me strung out and high, lost to the world riding a cloud up somewhere in the sky she said, "How could you?" I replied, "It was easy." and I guess it's easy to lose friends, too, because that's exactly what I did, but I was too lost in the world of prescription pills to notice until I came back to the world of the living, but that was later, too late, and then all I could do was cry and cry and cry and pop a few more from the orange bottle because as it turns out, pills are an effective way to ignore your problems But In All Fairness, it wasn't just Percy that led me astray. I had a real shit storm of a life, even before he ever looked my way. My mom died in childbirth, I guess I was just a little too much for her to handle. My father never wanted a daughter, and I always thought he blamed me for Mom's death, even though it wasn't my fault, but that's not always how life works. Oh, yeah, Dad decided to effectively ignore me, but he didn't go to pills, he went to books. That's right! Dear old Dad is a professor of knowledge, practically ripping a page out of old Stephen Hawking's book. And when he married Carol, well, that's about when shit really hit the fan. My stepmother hated me too, oh at my house it was a real hate-Annabeth-fest. So, to recap: dead mother, absentee father, bitchy stepmother, excuse me, is this something out of a Grimm brothers story? It wasn't, sadly, because he was no Prince Charming, as I'm pretty sure the prince never popped Cinderella some pills behind the school, leaning against a rusty, supersized dumpster. But It Wasn't Just My Family, it was Luke Castellan, too. God, I really loved him, ever since I was a little kid. It was me and Thalia and Luke, all of us together, and I couldn't help falling in love with him, blonde-haired and hapless, his father dead, too. It was a lot to have in common, both of us with a parent dead before our seventh birthdays (Luke told me his died when he was six). And of course Luke's mom was crazy, he had a crappier life than me, and I sure set the bar high. Why, did I ever tell you about the time I ran away from home, packed my bags and just left, goodbye? I came back a few weeks later, when the police hauled me home, earned a smack across the cheek that resonated for miles around. But back to the story, it was Luke that sent me over the edge. I really loved him, but as it turned out, Thalia loved him too. And it was her right, why shouldn't she? Free country and all. But as it turned out, Luke liked her back. They got together in spring of junior year, and all of a sudden it was just too much. They were kissing at the lunch table, completely oblivious. I went outside, excused myself, got some air in back, where all the stoners hung out. I never knew then that that was beginning my downfall, starting to tumble down the rabbit hole, like poor Alice in Wonderland, because guess what? I was in Wonderland, too, lost in a land of red queens and mad hatters, only mine looked a little bit different, set in the halls of high school, because now that I think about it, the only similarity between Alice and I was the truly unfortunate fact that we both lost our mind. Grover It was him I saw first, Grover Satyr, who names their kid names that ended in the same sound, 'er' and 'er'? He was wearing a striped Rasta hat, old-school Bob Marley, tendrils of peach fuzz poking out of the knit cap. He offered me a bit of pot, just so long as I was willing to pay, I hurriedly raised my hands and said no, thanks anyway. At this point, I hadn't lost myself yet, I was still the same old Annabeth, but it was only a matter of time, because around then I spotted Grover's bestest buddy, his old elementary school pal, Percy Jackson, the boy with the Heineken eyes, who gave me a smile, parted his lips, mouthed, get over here , and pulled me in with one hypnotic gaze, because that was right about the time that I lost myself, heartbroken over Luke and Thalia and Mom and Dad and Carol, and so I let myself be reeled in like a fat, lazy fish. Charmer He was a charmer, Percy, daredevil smile, and from that moment, he was all mine, all mine. He asked me my name, I said it was Annabeth, he said why that's a pretty name, and introduced himself as Percy, Percy Jackson, just like Forrest, Forrest Gump. We hit it off right away, which was strange, really, because we'd never been involved too much in the past. We passed each other in the hallways without so much as a second glance. Losing your mind makes you notice funny things: how the sunlight falls, dappled rays spreading across earth, leaking into the loamy soil, and how handsome boys you'd never noticed before have a peculiar way of pronouncing