Chapter 1 The broken boy (Third Person) Gabe Ugliano was as ugly as his last name suggests. But his soul was the worst thing about him. It was black enough to have come from the fields of punishments as a reborn spirit, but with his memories still intact. Unfortunately, this was not the case. He was just a hellish man. No matter how he treated people out side of his home, he was a son of a gun who despised his stepson. He had married Sally Jackson, a wealthy 20 year old who for some reason needed a husband. She had found Gabe at the local harware store and told her of the plight that he late husband had died, and she needed to find a husband quickly for some un-stated reason. Gabe didn't give a damn about her or her son. He wanted the money. The way she was found with a bullet in her head across town in the store she worked at? He knew noting about that. He had killed her so that he could get the money. Then he found that she truly had none. To say he had been mad would have been an understatement. A more acurate statement would have been that he exploded with the rage of the earth spliting and cracking his already unstable mindset, the result of many years of drinking. He had been routinely taking out his anger on his murdered wife's son. Her son, Perseus Jackson. Gabe had murdered his wife when Percy was 3, and had tortured him weekly with knive, whips, clubs, brands, fire, and even a few times with a gun. Percy knew nothing of the outside world. He had only seen other people on the T.V. (Percy's point of view) I am tired of the pain. I'm so tired of it. All of my life has only been pain for brekfast, pain for lunch, and pain for dinner. I'm fed 1 bowl of rice a day. I have no strength to fight my tormentor Gabe any more. My entire body consits of scars and some more scars. The down side of being with this hell of a man is that I don't know my Mother. Gabe says she got what she had coming to her. In the form of murder by a never caught asailant. Recently I've been seeing things in my dreams. One is of a summer camp with a weird horse guy thing that is teaching 10-20 year olds how to wield swords, axes, knives, bows and oddly enough a spear. But it looks so safe there, and I have a feeling that I am meant to live there. I've also had dreams of a Pit of pure malevolence taunting me. I'm really scared. It is so tiring to go through this hell over and over and over for 8 years. Sometimes I want to just die. But I won't give Gabe the satisfaction of knowing he broke me. Council meeting under the seas/ Poseidon's living room "Amphitrite, Triton, there is something you need to know. I broke my oath on the river Styx. I concieved a Child with a mortal" said Poseidon "YOU DID WHAT" screamed Amphitrite. Triton was a little more discreet. He immediately charged his father and put his triton to his neck. Poseidon visibly gulped and said "can we please deal with all of this later? My son is stuck in an abusive house hold and I need to get him rescued from his less than humane treatment." Amphitrite blew her already short fuse to nothing short of 10 hydrogen bombs " YOU SIRED A CHILD WITH AN ABUSIVE MOTHER? HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO OUR FAMILY?" At this response from Amphitrite, Triton pricked his fathers skin with his trident, causing golden ichor, the blood of the imortals to flow down his throne and to pool at the base of the throne. "TRITON REMOVE YOUR TRITON FROM MY NECK THIS INSTANCE!" Bellowed Poseidon. He was already worried for his sons safety and he was trying his best to get to the end of his reasoning what all really happened. Triton figured if he wanted to stay in one piece at any point in this conversation, he should probably back away. "Now Amphitrite, I understand that you are upset, but here me out. She embodied the best the sea has to offer, the brilliant sunsets, the strong will, and the calmness of the bays. It was her nature that attracted me to her. Her name was Sally Jackson, and she loved her child enough that she would go find the most disgusting mortal she could so that she couldDivided Soul protect her kid from the monsters and to hide his smell to the monsters. She told said man, named Gabe, that she was a rich widow who needed to find a husband. A few years later, Gabe killed her for asumed insurance money and for the bank account. This was a waste as she had no money or a insurance policy, so he was ridiculously pissed off, and he has been taking it out on Percy since he killed his mother. He has been tortured since the day he turned 3 years old 3 times a day. I am truly sorry, but I would like to send a quest from Chiron to save Percy, and I need you 2 to keep it quiet" He said with his head bowed low. Poseidon looked up to see his wife glowering in such a towering rage that he had never seen her in. Amphitrite quickly said "This conversation is not over, but I give you my blessing to give Chiron a quest to save your son" This was rapidly followed by Triton voicing his agreement. Camp Half Blood Chirons point of view I was playing another round of Pinochle with Dionysus, the sarcastic god of wine and madness. To say that I was surprised when Poseidon, who teleported strait into camp with out warning, appearing into thin air, would be an understatment. Poseidon quickly said, Chrion, rec room, now. I was nervous, generally, when a Olympian is so terse, especially Poseidon, something bad is going on. Something very, very, very bad. So I was very scared to learn that Poseidon had a son, a child very possibly be meant to be the one who saved or razed olympus, and he had been abused for the past 6 years and he might hold a grudge against his father, and olympus. I was even more scared to learn that he wanted a quest to save him. Unfortunately, it was winter, and we had no demigods who would be able to deal with what would very possibly be one of the most emotionally scarring quests they would ever see. "Lord Poseidon I regret to inform you that you that we couldn't send a quest after your son I said with regret in my eyes and voice" Poseidon seemed to stand there and debate whether or not to drown me, stab me, or freeze me, or a combination of there of. I saw a look of defeat cross his face when I made one last suggestion "Why don't you ask artemis? She could be more than willing to deal punishment to a male who shot a defensless woman and has abused a boy for 8 years." "Thank you Chiron, that is an excellent idea" Poseidon's point of view After finally tracking down Artemis' troop of hunters (which took 5 days just to spite him) he requested entrance to the hunters camp. But he got no answer, and when that happened, he lost his temper. His son had been lashed 50 times with a bull whip, cut 30 to 40 times with a small knife in fleshy parts of percy's body, and a minor slash across his fore head. The huntress queen was refusing to meet with him just because of her petty hatred of men. He was the king of the seas, and she was refusing him while his son would have to survive a night in -15 degree tempratures, with no clothes minus his undergarments, like he had to do every month during the winter. He was furious. No, he was beyond furious. He roared out in the voice that called the kraken to heel, a huricane to stop, and struck fear into the hearts of his enemies, and called out "ARTEMIS, MASTER BOW WIELDER, GODDESS OF THE MOON, HUNT AND VIRGINS COME FORTH" as soon as he finished his call, she flashed in front of him, sharpening her already razor sharp knives and looking as if she didn't give a damn if he was here or not, she said in a bored tone "what do you want." Poseidon just looked at her and said "Since when have you treated me with such disrespect?" She replied "Since you showed up in my camp and basically said get yourself over here and answer me this instant" Poseidon just said "Artemis, I am truly sorry for that, but I am not in the best mood right now. I have sired a son since Zues has, and my son has been severly tortured by his stepfather since he killed my sons mother. I was only just made aware of this fact, and the only reason the mortal is not dead is that I can not interfere, but your hunters could. Would you please get my son from his stepfather?" "Since you have oppologised, and I believe the Stepfather to be guilty, I will save the child. Do not think that I opprove of what you have done, and that it should not have happened. But if the child attempts to flirt with any of my hunters then he will learn the true meaning of pain" "Thank you Artemis, the seas will always watch your back and try to protect you for as long as my son lives. But be warned, what you see will turn your stomach." "Thank you for the warning lord Poseidon. Please leave my camp now so my hunters don't get antsy and shoot you full of arrows" "Leave you I shall then. But rescue my son as soon as possible for his safety" with these words Poseidon vanished into a puff of sea water. Percy's point of view I'm tired. So tired. And I hurt everywhere. And I'm cold. Really, really, really cold. I just wanna curl up and go to sleep for ever... 1 month later Zoes's point of view Why on earth do we need to rescue some disgusting male from another disgusting male? Oh wait, because lord poseidon, another male, wanted us to. That is bullshit. We are hunters, not masked vigilante's in a city saving some gods blasted boy. And we certainly are not the solvers of boys problems, not now or ever. Even though milady was asked exactly one month ago to save the boy, she has waited a month to spite Poseidon. It truly cannot be as bad a Poseidon made it out to be. No male would do that to another male. "What are you thinking about Zoe?" Asked Phoebe "Just thinking how much of a waste of time this is. It is cold, I'm tired, and I'm using 1000's of years of experience to save a boy." "It is a waste of time. Lets just get this over with so that we can go home and eat. I'm hungry" stated a very pissed off Phoebe. "Right lets get him and leave." third persons point of view Both hunters burst into the house of Gabe Ugliano. And saw something that distrubed both of them. There was blood everywhere. It was dried blood, frech blood, several years old blood. There was no possible way that so much blood could have come from one person. Gabe Ugliano had stopped living in the house many years ago, and there was no sign of the child the hunters were sent to