High School Tales Disclaimer: All rights to Rick Riordan and any song/lyrics mentioned belong to their rightful owner. The plot and dialogue of the characters is otherwise mine. Character: Reyna Ramirez Arellano Song: You Belong With Me by Taylor Swift Reyna rolled her eyes as her best friend's phone rang. The screen flashed 'Piper'. Jason glanced at Reyna before answering. They were currently outside at the school's parking lot and were leaning against Jason's BMW, idly talking about their day. Lately, Reyna had not spent time with her best friend. He was either at football practice or off with his girlfriend, Piper McLean. Even though she wasn't the jealous type, whenever she saw Piper with Jason, her stomach would drop. "Hey, Pipes, what's up?" Reyna looked away, trying to give Jason some space. "What? No, I did not." His voice raised a little, but he just grinned at Reyna. She obviously knew something went wrong. You're on the phone with your girlfriend She's upset; she's going off about something that you said "Come on, Pipes, it was just a joke." Cause she doesn't get your humor like I do. Reyna slowly smiled. Jason's definition of humor was more sarcastic and dry than others. It was one of the things they shared in common. Two more minutes passed before he hung up. "Ah, sorry about that," Reyna shook her head. "It's okay, don't worry about it." Jason nodded. "So, I'm guessing you want a ride, right?" Reyna rolled her eyes. "No, Jason, I will walk home at seven p.m., in the middle of fall." Jason grabbed his keys. "Ah, well, see you later, Reyna." Reyna laughed. "Don't be rude, Jason," He grinned and tossed her the keys. "You can drive." She nodded and walked over to the driver's side as Jason got into the passenger seat. His mother died due to a DUI (driving under the influence). He was too young to remember much about her, but he had developed a fear of driving at night. "So, how was practice?" Reyna asked as she stopped at a red light. Jason rolled down the window and sighed. "Tiring," She rolled her eyes. "That says a lot." Jason chuckled and continued. "Coach pushed us harder today. He wants us ready for the game tomorrow." "It's tomorrow?" "Yeah, did you forget?" Reyna held back a smile. "I'm sorry, Jason, I can't go." Jason looked out the window. "It's fine." She glanced over at him and grinned. "I'm just joking, Jason." He looked back at her and raised an eyebrow; the corners of his mouth curling up. "You can joke?" She laughed and replied, "It's not a miracle." He chuckled. "It is!" Reyna smiled. "Okay, we are here." She parked outside his house. After all, they were neighbors. They got out the car and bid goodbye to each other. No hugs. Reyna wasn't the touchy type. I'm in the room, it's a typical Tuesday [Thursday] night. I'm listening to the kind of music she doesn't like. When she got inside, she went straight to her room and blasted some EDM. Not many knew of Reyna's love for this type of music. The lack of words and just the beat with the rhythm was enough to make her stress free. She lay down on her bed and scrolled through the few pictures on her phone. The first ten were of her English homework (well, Annabeth's but that's another story). The next five photos were just of her and Jason down by the highway. They participated in those highway clean-up projects. In the first picture he had his arm around her, the grabber dangling loose from his other hand. They were both laughing at some forgotten joke. The next three were of the scenery itself. With the cars passing by and the sun setting, it was a perfect moment. The last one was of Reyna and Jason sharing some jellybeans. They were leaning against a tree, their shoulders touching. Reyna was laughing while Jason was blushing deep red. Nonetheless, he was smiling too. Annabeth had taken that picture. And she'll never know your story like I do. Reyna knew Jason would always hold a special place in her heart. She wasn't sure if he felt the same way. At times he would stare at her and she would feel his burning gaze, even when she looked away. Other times, he would talk of and only about Piper. His eyes would gleam and she honestly felt happy for him. His mother was not the best. His sister practically raised him. And his father – CEO of Olympus Enterprises – was always busy. Jason needed happiness in his life. She just wished she was the true happiness in his life. "Hmm," Reyna scrolled through her messages and decided to call Annabeth. She needed to know if they would still attend the game together. She picked up on the fourth ring. " Hello?" Reyna sat up. "Hey, Annabeth," " Hey, what's up?" Reyna heard shuffling noises and asked, "I'm sorry, are you busy?" " No, not at all. It's just – Percy, stop! – nothing at all." Reyna laughed. "Let me guess, you're at Percy's house. Doing work, I suppose?" She swore Annabeth was red faced on the other side. " Of course! What else would we be doing?" Reyna smirked. "Nothing, of course. Just work." " I promise you nothing – " " Hey, Reyna!" Percy apparently took the phone away from Annabeth. Reyna grinned. Just date already, she thought. "Hi, Percy, how are you?" " Annabeth won't help me with math." " I am not giving you the answers!" Reyna laughed and glanced at her bedside table. She saw the flyer for the pep rally and rolled her eyes. Of course, that's what she was calling for. "I'm sure she has her reasons." " Yeah, shitty reasons." " Percy!" " What?" " Ignore him, Reyna, what were you saying?" "Are you still coming to the game?" Annabeth sneezed on the other side. "Yeah, I am." " You're sick!" " No, I'm fine. Reyna, yeah I'll be there. What are you wearing?" Reyna had not thought about it. She just considered wearing regular clothes. It's just a game, right? Her thoughts drifted to Jason and Piper. Suddenly, she wasn't in the mood for regular clothes. But she wears short skirts I wear t-shirts She was the class president. Her classmates respected her and anyways, her attire did not have to be formal nor casual. A t-shirt and jeans couldn't hurt, right? " Reyna? Are you still there?" "Hmm?" Reyna snapped back to reality. "Yeah, I'm still here. I'll just wear some jeans and a t-shirt." " Oh, wear the class one!" She glanced towards her closet and nodded. "I will." " Okay, I'll see you – Percy! That's my work, not yours. See you tomorrow!" "Bye," Reyna hung up and shut off her phone. A couple minutes later, she was well deep into her pile of homework. ~~ You Belong With Me ~~ The following day Reyna was walking around like a zombie. She only managed to get a couple of hours of sleep. When she arrived to her locker, she found a flyer stuck to the sides. She pulled it out and made a face. Join Cheerleading! "Are you seriously contemplating about it?" Reyna rolled her eyes at Jason. He leaned against the lockers. Today, his outfit was all in Goode spirit. "As if," Jason's eyebrows scrunched together. "What's wrong with cheerleading?" Reyna opened her locker and stuffed the flyer inside. "Nothing, but it's not my thing." She threw some textbooks in and grabbed some notebooks. She's cheer captain And I'm on the bleachers Reyna thought, Yep, it's not as if your girlfriend is captain or anything. "Jason!" Reyna turned around and saw Piper walking towards them. She had a smile on her face, her hair down. Once she got close enough to them, Piper also greeted Reyna. "Hey, Reyna, what's up?" Reyna shrugged. "Not much." Piper grabbed Jason's hand and Reyna swore her stomach plummeted ten feet below the ground. "I need help with biology." She smiled up at him. Jason grinned. "Ah, I can't help with that, but," He looked at Reyna. "She has an A in that class." Piper beamed at Reyna. "Do you mind?" Hell yeah. "No, not at all," She smiled. "Great! I'll see you at lunch Monday?" Reyna nodded. "Come on Jason, we'll be late to English. Bye Reyna!" Reyna waved goodbye and walked down the opposite direction. Students were just milling about, and Reyna felt like pulling a Sue Sylvester. Instead, she straightened her posture and headed to History class. ~~ You Belong With Me ~~ "HELL YEAH!" Reyna hurried to move to the side as the football players and various cheerleaders zoomed past by. She watched as they ran down the hallway towards the field. Jason and Piper were nowhere in sight. "Crazy, right?!" Reyna jumped. She turned around and saw none other than Leo Valdez grinning like a madman. He was snapping his suspenders back and forth, driving Reyna mad. She simply turned her head around and continued watching. "You know, I have the perfect view right here." Her ears turned slightly pink as she realized he was staring straight at her. Compose yourself, Reyna. "What do you want, Valdez?" Leo pouted. "You're still not mad about last year, are you?" Reyna stayed quiet. "It wasn't my fault!" "Yes, it was." She stood on her tiptoes to look over the mass of students. How long does it take to get to the field? Seriously! Leo started to bounce on his heels. "I love this!" Reyna stared at him. "You have got to be kidding me." He glanced at her. "What? You don't love it?" Reyna snorted. "No," She took out her phone and checked it for messages. Leo nodded towards her phone. "Looking for Annabeth?" She looked at him. They were about the same height – which was something new since Leo was shorter than her last year. But then again, this was their senior year. Growth spurts occurred in these times. "Yes, I am." Leo smirked. "Percy," Reyna sighed. "Of course," She placed her phone away. "That's why I'm here. Percy shooed me away after walking into them at the library. Not that they were doing anything bad, but you know, it's Percy and Annabeth." Oh, please, stop talking. "He told me the game was about to start and Annabeth mentioned your name so – " "I have to go." Reyna saw the end of the rushing students and walked quickly towards the back. The students were still hollering and moving around. Not a few seconds passed by before Leo was at her side again. "Hey! I'm also going to the game." Reyna inwardly groaned. "I, uh, I have to go home actually." "You're not staying for Jason?" He asked. "What?" Reyna prayed her cheeks weren't red. Leo raised his eyebrows. He looked even more ridiculous like that. "He's your best friend – well I am too – but you always stay for his games." Reyna glanced towards the front of the students and saw the cheerleaders jumping up and down. "Not today." Leo frowned. "Huh," He didn't say anything else and Reyna took that as her cue to leave. The parking lot was empty; everyone was at the field, ready to see Goode continue its winning streak. Dreaming about the day when you wake up and find That what you're looking for has been here the whole time. Reyna wondered when Jason would ever notice her in the special way she wanted to. She also wondered what life would be like if Piper did not move to the small suburban town in upstate New York that she lived in. When she entered her car, she realized her fantasy had a crucial characteristic: it was out of envy. If you could see That I'm the one Who understands