D1F She's the only one who actively campaigns for it. She plasters pictures of herself all over the Street of Gold and the Street of Spices, smiling pretty and pursing her lips and batting her eyes, all the glamor shots they take at the DAEYD so the Capitol can decide which ones they want to purchase. She had been cut from the DAEYD three months ago. It wasn't supposed to be that way. She was special. Her mother, father, servants, they all told her she was special. The DAEYD told her she wasn't special enough. VOTE FOR ME! the posters scream. They do. D1M Even when the paper is being pulled out of the reaping bowl, he doesn't expect it to be him. He's not the prettiest, not the most athletic, he's not particularly charming or gregarious, he's good with knives and competent with a sword but there are plenty of others who are better. But the Capitol had passed down word that there were to be no volunteers this year. District 1 would feel the full brunt of the Quarter Quell. The message was clear. The strikes and walk-outs and demands for more compensation and worker benefits that have slowed production for the past year will end, or their children will no longer be safe. The DAEYD recognizes that District 1 will not have a Victor this year. So they go through the student files and select one that they could afford to lose. A tribute who will give a respectable show but will not be any great loss. Then they quietly spread the word. D2F "We're allowed to have volunteers," the trainer tells both of them in the Pit. She tries to keep it professional and clipped, but no one can miss the small strain of relief in her voice. The girl gives a small start. It had never occurred to her that they wouldn't be allowed to volunteer. When she sees the look in her mentor's eyes, she's not sure whether she should feel relief or dread. She gets to see the government file for the girl she's volunteering for before the reaping. There were five frontrunners, the 'winner' chosen by only a slim margin. She's a weedy strip of a thing, malnourished and pockmarked from the pox. She's from one of the outlying towns. Her parents are both drunks. Maybe she's been chosen as punishment for some sin of her Ma and Pa, or maybe she just has the least value to the district. Could be either. She watches the chosen girl stumble down the stage even as she raises her arms to the cheering crowd in victory. It almost seems cruel, she thinks as she watches the slouching figure out of the corner of her eye. Her replacement will be going only to glorious victory or honorable sacrifice. She'll have to live with the Quell on her shoulders for the rest of her life, every time she walks out of her house to face her neighbors. D2M He doesn't care what the sniveling fourteen year old did to deserve being on the stage. The sooner he goes into the arena, the sooner he'll come out again. And then he's going to find Virtus Machetti and fuck him over so hard he'll beg for forgiveness before he dies. D3F She screams when her name is called, she screams loud and long and the Peacekeepers have to drag her up to the stage where she paints the polished wood with her lunch. It was an accident, don't they understand it was an accident? She had only tried a little bit of the stolen gin, it wasn't even her car, there had been four others and no one had seen the old woman until she was halfway across the street and they came barreling towards her. Her test scores were flawless, her aptitude assessment was off the charts. The Capitol liaison had covered the incident up, probably because it was his car and his nephew who had taken his friends along for the joyride. But he hadn't been behind the wheel. She finds him in the crowd and he's looking at her with fear and horror. She hopes they call him up too. D3M This is because of his brother. He knows it's because of his brother. But Tenzan is nineteen and he's sixteen and he's eligible and Tenzan isn't and that's why they called his name. He trudges up the stairs to the stage, looking out into the crowd. His friends in the sixteen section are horrified. His family is hysterical. His brother could be carved from ice. They have a small space around them, their neighbors and friends moving cautiously away as if afraid to catch something. Tenzan comes to him in the Justice Building to say good-bye. He's crying. He tells his baby brother to come back and he'll make it up to him, he'll never do something so stupid again, he's so, so, so sorry. He falls thirty-six seconds into the bloodbath, his throat crushed by the huge fist of the boy from 8. It's not enough to kill him, though, and as the synapses in his brain flash and die his body twitches and shudders over six long minutes, just like the three people who died when his brother sold them tainted drugs. D4F She's only ever stolen just enough to survive. Food, money from fat purses that would never be missed, medicine for her mother from the apothecary if she was quick and daring enough. But then she stole a line hose from the engine of one of the fishing trawlers and sold it cheap. The owner couldn't afford a new one, not at Capitol prices. He didn't make his quota for a week and he lost the boat. They don't want to vote her in, but they have families and livelihoods and they have to put bread on the table too. It's nothing personal. D4M You knock up one girl above your station and they vote you into the Hunger Games. Fuck that. D5F Everyone knew it wasn't her fault. She had been working 20 hour shifts in the hydroelectric plant because her sisters were growing fast and her parents couldn't afford new shoes. Her supervisor should have known that she didn't have the training, that she was exhausted. She never should have been let near the generators. But they were short-handed and he needed to get those parts put in, so he muttered off some instructions and sent her on her way. Press the yellow button down and then press green while you're still pressing yellow. That's how you cut the power. But she didn't hear the instructions properly and now two men are dead. Her supervisor took the blame, and accepted the reprimand and the demotion. If it happened last year or even a couple of months ago, she'd be safe. But the accident happened a week after the announcement. Half the district is familiar with her name now, and many of them decide they'll just pick someone at random. The rest is just psychology. D5M He didn't think he'd ever find something he hated more than the Capitol, but then his district voted him into the Hunger Games. He screamed at them from the stage, tore down a light and hurled it into the panicked crowd, and the cameras flashed and reporters crowded around because it was such good television. The crowd mutters uneasily below him. Stupid sheep. Didn't they realize he'd been trying to help them? The anti-Capitol graffiti, the sabotage, the vandalism, it was all to urge the mindless lowing masses to fight the Capitolist pigs and their fascist agenda. Sure, there were some crackdowns, some raids. Do they think he doesn't know? He was there watching when they flogged those men, trying to get someone to talk, to point fingers. Well they can all rot in their own self-made prison. He's going to win, they'll see, he'll come back as a Victor and he'll tear down the Capitol from the inside, but he'll burn down the district first. Fascist swine. D6F She was born addicted. Her mother was a morphling, she had been taking it all through the pregnancy, and her daughter had been born dependent. There's no such thing as rehab or addiction programs in 6, and especially not for children. She's thirteen but she looks closer to nine. She's bone thin, with pasty yellow skin and wide bloodshot eyes. She's prone to fits if her mother doesn't share her hit, foaming at the mouth and tearing what's left of her stringy brown hair. She's the ugliest sacrificial lamb anyone has seen, and no one pretends they're very sorry to see her go. Her mentor gives her a hit of morphling in the Justice Building to keep her quiet for the cameras. Her mother finds her in the library and begs her to share. D6M He knew. He knew it would be him. He's already halfway up the aisle when his name is called. They're cheering as he goes up. He grins down at them, flashing the gold at his fingers and diamond stickpin in his silk tie. He sees the anger, the hate and the vindictive pleasure at his coming demise and he leans over and spits onto the concrete in front of them. He's the youngest drug lord in the city, and his agents tell him he's the most feared. His parents tried to reign him in, then beat him down, then escape his wrath. They failed on all counts. The district is his oyster, its citizens are his plaything. Their children are his drug mules, their pitiful wages are his for the taking for their own 'protection.' They think they've beaten him, but they've forgotten one thing. Someone always comes back. And when he does, he's going to make sure they never forget his name. D7F Her district still believes in the old gods, because they're brainwashed and would rather believe in a comforting lie than a hard truth. There are no gods, there is no Dark Forest, and the dead are dead and that's all there is to it. At school she's one of the loudest and most vocal in her disbelief, making her few friends and more enemies. Her father is one of the worst. He makes her wear long sleeves even in the heat of summer so she doesn't entice others into temptation. They have to pray seven times a day, and he'll yell and scream if they fidget or roll their eyes. When she refuses, when she rolls up her sleeves, when she snaps back at him, he'll lock her in the woodshed, sometimes for days. Her mother shuffles around, lifeless and cowed, never lifting her voice in protest, accepting her subordinate role as her husband's helpmeet by the will of the gods. Well, not her. She pulls back the plank of the woodshed one night and sneaks out, not to scavenge for roots or berries like she usually does, but to bring the fight to her father's gods. She's had enough. She's snapped. Someone has to stand up to the district's oppressive dogma. The shrine is deep in the woods, a secret place for the devout, a small wooden lean-to filled with statues and icons, candles and slips of prayer-paper tucked in corners and cracks. She stacks tinder against the lean-to, then pulls some flint from her pocket and lights the fire. The whole shrine is a bonfire in less than a minute. Her openness in her disbelief is her undoing. They all suspect who did it. And they decide that if she doesn't believe in the gods, she should have nothing to fear by going off to meet them. D7M His mother told him that he was running with a bad crowd. She warned it would come back to burn him. He laughs. They're not a bad crowd, it's his crew, and half of them