AN: This is the story of Enobaria Malachite, the third in my Victors Trilogy. It exists in the same continuity as 'The Lumberjack and the Tree-Elf,' 'Fall Into the River,' and 'The Victors Project.' Some characters from these will be making appearances, but it is not necessary to read them to understand 'The Bonds of Blood.' A note on the rating. I've chosen to rate this 'T' because it's not going to be overly gratuitous in the violence or trauma. However, this is a fandom based on kids killing kids in a gladiatorial conflict, and this fic doesn't shy away from that reality. I trust that THG fandom is a generally mature one who knows what they're getting into. I am, of course, not Suzanne Collins. Everything familiar is hers. Happy reading! Oisin55 I stand at parade rest. Legs apart, hands folded behind my back. My red dress uniform is crisp and immaculate, my black boots so polished that I could see the moon's reflection if I looked down. I don't though. I stare straight ahead, watching the fires consume a stack of wood pallets. Around me, the four hundred cadets of the Training and Peace Institute stand in our companies, from the ten year olds in the front who are trying not to fidget to the twenty-four Gold Tags in the rear, all eighteen year olds about to take the Trials. The stars keep their own watch high above us, tiny gems shining down above the Pit. In the center of the old limestone quarry, Ahenobarbus Romero, Victor of the First Annual Hunger Games, burns on his pyre. And, naturally, I'm standing downwind of his sizzling corpse. The pyre was soaked in wine and perfumes and sprinkled with spices, but it's still not enough to cover the sickly sweet stench of roasting flesh. Mountains and sky, I want this damn dog-and-pony show to be over. They wrapped the corpse in purple and gold silk, placed gold and silver armbands on the withered milky arms and a death mask on his face. There was a choir of children singing a slow funeral dirge, speeches, more songs, and then the lighting of the pyre. All this to celebrate the life of a man no one is really pretending to miss. We've all seen the recording of the first ever Hunger Games where Ahenobarbus butchered his way to a record number of kills that has never been beaten and only been tied once. But that was decades ago. All my life he's been a ghost up in his house in the Victor's Village, wracked with arthritis and a failing and feeble mind before finally succumbing to a heart attack at the age of eighty. In another hour, he'll be nothing but a pile of black bones. But he was the first. The first Victor. Idolized by every cadet to step through the doors of the Institute since it was built. Revered as a god among the civvies. That's why we're all standing in the Pit, pretending to show our respects. I really need to pee. I risk a glance to my left. Maura is standing two columns down, trying to catch my eye. She winks at me and rolls her eyes up to the stars. I suppress a smile. Maura is a year younger than I and twice as daring. She's risking thirty laps around the Pit and fifty chin-ups on top of that by being irreverent during Ahenobarbus's funeral. I glance again. Now she's picking her nose. I snort and quickly smooth my features until I'm certain no one of importance noticed. Someone else is speaking. Some city councilman. Someone who thinks he's important. His voice is like a power drill boring into my brain. He's standing at the podium on the hastily erected dais with the district's past Victors. I can see the sheen of sweat on his brow in the firelight. Can't blame him. I wouldn't be too comfortable standing with my back to some of our Victors. They've all come out for this. At the far end is the immensely old, immensely fat Tiberius, who's sweating from the effort of breathing despite being fanned by a young boy. On the other end is our most recent Victor, Phoebus, who's standing at parade rest like he's still one of the cadets. Between them, the rest of the Victors look down at the pyre with varying degrees of boredom. I hold back a yawn and try to find more of my friends. The only one I can see from this angle is Declan, standing under the Victors' dais. I try to catch his eye but he's staring straight ahead, every inch the handsome, disciplined District 2 cadet. No doubt he's trying to live up to the brand new, shiny gold tag hanging around his neck. Or perhaps he's actually taking this seriously. It wouldn't surprise me. Declan was the first boy I practiced kissing when I was fifteen, and then a bit more than kissing a year later. Both times I expected him fall over and shatter like a crystal plate. Stiff as a rock, and not in the fun way. I keep telling him it's too early to treat everything like life-or-death, even if he does want to go into the Hunger Games in two months. That's usually when he gives an exasperated sigh and I blow in his ear. The Headmistress stands and the man giving his speech abruptly cuts off. Thank Snow. Boudicca glides to the podium and takes his place. She's tall, with silver hair and hard lines marking her face. Her eyes bore into us and I take care to make sure I don't flick even an eyelash out of place. "The time to pay our respects has passed," she says in a voice that always seems to conjure up images of landslides and barking hounds. "We have honored the life and sacrifice of Ahenobarbus Romero and his ashes will be committed to the vaults next to those of his many tributes. Now, we honor him with our labor and our training. He was the greatest among us. Never again shall his like be seen. Thanks be to the Capitol." "Honor, strength, justice. For Capitol, country, and duty," we chant back. The Headmistress returns to her seat as her second-in-command, a sour looking man with a cleft lip named Tigellinus, takes her place. "Cadets! Attention!" We snap to attention like the well-oiled machine we are. "Return to your dormitories. Attend to whatever matters you must before physicals tomorrow. Reflect on what it means to dedicate your whole life to Capitol and country. Lights out in fifteen minutes. Dismissed!" We salute and the companies march out of the Pit, the Gold Tags leading the way, followed by descending ages. There's only one passage cut into the living stone that leads from the floor of the Pit up into the dormitories, gymnasiums, classrooms, and working facilities of the Institute above us. Slowly, we leave the burning bones of Ahenobarbus behind us and ascend into the clean steel and glass of our home. I fall back from the rest of the eighteen year olds to where Maura is pushing her way through. I hold out my arm and she immediately links her own through it. "I thought I was going to die, " she moans. "Forget physicals, forget the bloody Games, if one more person got up to tell us about the time Ahenobarbus pissed on his shadow I was ready to throw myself onto the pyre." I laugh. "You're lucky the Headmistress didn't see you. She would have flayed you alive." Maura gives an exaggerated wink. "Our dear Headmistress would have had to tear her eyes away from the smoldering bones of the great Ahenobarbus. The way she was looking at him…do you think she'll sleep with his skull for comfort tonight?" I nudge her in the side. "Don't speak light of the dead, Mauretania. It's ill luck." She rolls her eyes. "You worry too much, Baria." "And you don't worry about anything. That's your problem. Well, one of them." We both laugh. Our verbal barbs are dulled from years of repeated use. "So," says Maura as we reach the top of the stairs. She checks behind us to make sure none of our fellow cadets are lingering close enough to overhear. "Tonight after lights out at the Three Cousins? It's one sesterce shots night." I purse my lips. "I don't know. There's a lot more eyes around with the funeral." She pouts. "Please Baria? Pat promised he would drag Declan along. He needs a drink or two, or a good lay, or he'll wind himself so tight he'll snap at the Trials." I arch an eyebrow. "So you're doing this out of the goodness of your heart. I see." Maura crosses her arms. "Yes. And if we all get drunk and start a fight and end up in the brig, it'll be your fault for not chaperoning us." I throw up my hands. "Well, when you put it like that, it just sounds so damn appealing." Maura smirks. She knows she has me. "Fine. I'll come. But you better not get caught sneaking out, and if you are don't you dare implicate me." She crosses her arms over her chest in the traditional salute. "Solemn oath. Just like last week. And the week before that. And the week before that." I shove her. "You monster." Maura sticks out her tongue. "Only a monster can know a monster." I turn and walk towards the senior girl dorms without another word. "Goodnight, Baria!" calls Maura behind me. "I'll see you at the track tomorrow morning!" Snow, could she be more obvious? The halls of the Training and Peace Institute are quiet as I continue on towards the dorms with the rest of the stragglers. Home sweet home, or as much as a massive complex of steel and glass and concrete where teenagers train to kill other people can be. The girls' dorms are just past the indoor range where we practice archery and knife throwing. Senior girls sleep on the lowest level. I claimed the bunk nearest to the lavatory when we moved in here almost a year ago. Won it by wrestling two of the other girls for it. Didn't even cheat. I'm the last one to crawl into the sheets and curl up on the thin, standard issue mattress. Twenty seniors snore around me. They're all asleep; we learn how to distinguish between true sleep and faking it when we're twelve. But I still wait for twenty minutes, counting off the seconds in my head, to make sure none of them are just in a light slumber. When I'm sure I won't wake anyone, I slide out and slip into the lav. Keep the light off, I know my way around in the dark. There's a small utility window, barely wide enough to slip through, at the end of the stalls. I move the wastepaper bin under it and climb on top. I keep the window latch and hinges well-oiled, and it opens without a sound. I pull myself up and taste the cool night air. I perch gingerly on the ledge, sliding the window shut behind me. There's hardly any room now, so I quickly lower myself down until I'm hanging by my fingers. I take a deep breath, count to three, and drop. Five feet down I hit solid ground. I roll over my shoulder, letting my body take the fall evenly. I crouch low, listening. Nothing. The first time I made this daring escape, I stayed frozen for ten minutes as I savored my audacity in leaving the Institute at night. Now I just slink down the hill to the meeting place. Long ago we chose the rubbish bins because the smell is sure to keep the casual pedestrian away. Patrocles is already there. His back is to me as he leans casually