A/N: Ooh, hello all, I'm back in the wonderful world of Hermione/Minerva. The premise is somewhat overdone, however, I'm going to do it anyway, so feel free to let me know what you think. As always thanks be to Spin for taking the tiny framework of my story and building it up to what it is :D Don't forget to check out EmPoweredBeing's Facebook page w EmPoweredBeingsFanFiction for all kinds of updates, thoughts, insider information that sort of thing…I promise to not bug you, I completely understand liking a page under one's "real" name, so see what you think :D -0- Hermione sighed as she pushed the hair from her face. She needed to get this potion perfect by tomorrow, so that if asked, she could do it without hesitation, but it was the one and only one she was having trouble with. "How can it be so bloody difficult to brew an aging potion?" she muttered to herself as she chopped the handful of daisy roots the instructions requested. In her huff, the knife slipped and she squealed when it sliced through her finger. "Oh for GOODNESS sake!" she screamed, moving away from the bench to rant at a cushion the Room of Requirement had so kindly placed in front of her, while sucking her finger to stop the bleeding. They'd been back at school for six months. The castle had been repaired to a workable standard, but all around there were reminders of what had transpired over the previous year. At almost every turn there was a plaque or a portrait of one of the brave people that had defended Hogwarts with their lives, and while to some it brought comfort, to others, like Hermione, it brought only pain. Pain at the thought that she couldn't save everyone; pain at the thought that even though she was sad for them and their families, she couldn't help but feel selfish when she considered her own situation. Her parents were very much alive, but firmly ensconced in St Mungo's where the finest healers were slowly, but surely returning their memories to them. Even then, she knew they would never be the same, if they ever got all of them back, if they even remembered her. To her, that was as bad as losing them, for she was the one that put them in that situation in the first place. That's why she enjoyed working in the Room of Requirement so much. She had thought that it may have been destroyed after the Fiendfyre was set on it, but as she was walking along the corridor one day, tearing her hair out trying to find some peace and quiet, the door had appeared and everything inside was just what she had always needed when studying. She had no idea how it had apparently fixed itself, nor how it managed to acquire the exact book she needed when she did, but she was eternally grateful to it, if one could be grateful to a room, but she was. Even with its scorched walls – the only reminder of what had happened last May – it still managed to cater for her every need, and made her feel welcome and safe within its walls. But everything had changed so much, and she was so tired that even the room couldn't always help lift her mood. They had fought for equality, but somehow everything had simply gone back to the way it was. Purebloods were snobs, half-bloods were just trying to catch up, and the Muggleborns still didn't seem to have a chance, no matter how smart, funny, or lovely they were, and it was this thought that distressed Hermione the most. Because if nothing had changed, then what had they been fighting for? She leaned against the wall, letting the tears fall as she looked blankly at her cauldron, still bubbling away harmlessly in front of her. She knew that she needed to get this right and soon, before the exhaustion of the day caught up with her. Or, at least, caught up with her some more. "Right," she whispered, pulling herself together and pushing off the wall. "I am going to brew an aging potion if it kills me." Nodding to herself she went back to chopping the daisy roots, marginally happier when they all ended up the same size, and placed them aside for when she needed them. "Add daisy roots, stir four times clockwise before adding beetle wings," she said out loud, checking twice more that this was what she was meant to do. This was the third time she had brewed this particular potion and both times previously it had melted her cauldron. She had gone to their new Potions professor, but she hadn't known why it wasn't working either. Besides which, the woman was far too enamoured with her own voice rather than with teaching them Potions, so Hermione resolved to figure out the solution on her own. "What I wouldn't do for Professor Snape right now," she said, laughing ironically. "Okay, here goes." Hermione upended the bowl of prepared ingredients into the cauldron and stepped back a moment when the liquid bubbled enthusiastically. What she had failed to take into account, however, was the blood she had spilled onto the roots when she had cut her finger, and completely oblivious to this new reagent, she stirred the potion once, twice, three times. There was no time for a fourth. The potion blew up in her face, covering her in it and making her gasp. She looked down at herself, feeling hysteria welling up in her chest as she tried in vain to scrape the worst of it from her skin. "Oh no, no, no, no," she muttered, sprinting towards the door. Except, the more she tried to run, the harder it seemed to be. She needed to get to Professor McGonagall; she'd know what to do. It occurred to her briefly that she missed the older woman. Before she and the boys had gone on the run, Hermione had enjoyed talking with her and had occasionally been invited for tea where they discussed the merits of Transfiguration, or anything else which sprang to mind. Now, though, the Professor was no longer teaching, and heading the school in Albus Dumbledore's stead. She missed their lessons, and she missed the woman herself. But right now there were more important things to think about, and there was only one thought running through Hermione's mind: get to Professor McGonagall. She tripped over something and she looked down to find the floor was much closer than it had been a moment ago, and her brain struggled to make sense of it. Looking back, she realised she'd tripped over her own shoe, which had mysteriously fallen off as she was running. Wriggling her toes that remained in her other shoe, she realised that her foot was MUCH smaller than it should have been, and the comprehension brought her to an abrupt stop just inside the door. "Oh no," she whispered as she felt herself shrinking into her clothes. Hermione's tears were falling freely now as she realised what was happening. "Oh, I don't want to die, I don't want to die, I don't want to die!" she repeated over and over as her body became smaller, younger, until finally she couldn't really think in whole sentences, and then, no words at all. She desperately wanted some comfort, someone to hold her, only she wasn't sure how to announce that, so she did the one thing that came naturally; the thing her brain was telling her to do. She cried. Loudly. -0- Minerva McGonagall was not a woman to sit idly on her hands, nor was she afraid of work. What she was afraid of, however, was becoming stale and decrepit in her old age, and that thought terrified her even as she replied to the fifth letter the Minister had sent her that afternoon. It was getting late, and no matter what Kingsley wanted, she wasn't Albus Dumbledore, and she wasn't the Minister for Magic. If Kingsley wanted his job, then he would have to commit to it, a fact she told him in this latest missive. Sighing tiredly, she attached it to the owl's leg, making sure that it had a little treat before it left and a good scratch behind the ear. As someone who could turn into a cat, Minerva knew how difficult it was to get a good one sometimes. Hooting gratefully, the owl flew off into the waning light, leaving Minerva watching its flight over the Black Lake. The grounds were still scarred with the evidence of the Battle of Hogwarts, and she desperately wished she could find the time to fix them. Hagrid was doing his best, but there was only so much fast-growing turf one could buy in the magical world, and it was nowhere near enough to cover the extensive grounds. Then, of course, there was the issue of the causeway that she had asked Neville and his band of followers to deal with; that was still unrepaired and as she cast her view out over her surroundings she felt a tear roll down her cheek. "Have heart, my dear," Albus Dumbledore's portrait said softly. "It may all seem too much, but it will be done, and one day soon, Hogwarts will be back to all its former glory." Minerva sighed and turned, smiling at her closest friend. "I just don't know that I have enough energy to do it," she conceded, ignoring the look of astonishment on the other portraits' faces. "I have been doing this job for six months and I am bored out of my mind." She sighed, feeling completely jaded and walked slowly back across the room to sit at her desk. "I miss teaching, or doing something other than replying to Kingsley's questions; questions which I know he could answer himself if he just took the time." She dropped her head in her hands. "I have told him I will no longer be at his beck and call, so perhaps that will free up some of my time for other things, but what have I to do?" she wondered aloud, ignoring the pitying stares of the previous Heads. "I take it not having a family is now a regret," Severus' portrait said softly. He wasn't saying it to hurt her, she knew, but it still stung a little despite that. "It is indeed." "Well, you are in no means an old woman Minerva, there is still time." Minerva chuckled darkly. "I am too old Severus, though I thank you for the compliment," she said smiling sadly. "As it is, I'm afraid I will have to find something else to occupy my time. Excuse me everyone." Minerva bobbed her head to the rest of the portraits in the room, and smiled tightly at Severus and Albus, who were both wearing anxious looks on their faces as she left her office. -0- As soon as she exited the room, she transformed into her Animagus and padded down the stairs silently. It was far easier to get through the castle uninterrupted when in her cat form. If she kept her tell-tale markings from view, many people just assumed she was another pet and left her alone. She had been wandering around for an hour or so when she stopped in her tracks and cocked her head to one side, her ears twitching as they picked up a noise that would not usually be heard in her school. There were not many students around – most of them had gone home to spend time with their families during the Christmas holidays – but this noise was definitely coming from the corridor behind her, and so, ignoring the gentle reminder that curiosity killed the cat, she went to investigate. She crept silently down the hall, recognising it instantly as the corridor where the Room of