A/N: Good evening. I'd like to introduce you to the new story belonging in the Of Births, Deaths and Everything In Between series. For those of you who haven't read 'Of Births and Deaths', 'Of New Lives, New Scars and Old Mischief Makers' and 'Of Mothers, Sons and Lovers' you will possibly need to read it. On the surface the story follows the novels as much as possible, but somewhere along the way we kind of deviated from cannon-ish. This is the fourth instalment (I bet you all thought I wasn't coming back didn't you!) of the series and we're now following the Order of the Phoenix book. Any of you wondering what on earth took me so long…well, many things. I finished writing my novel, I had a hundred other things to do and lately my life has turned to chaos when my brother, his girlfriend AND their 10 month old moved in with us AND my grandmother has come to stay AND my mother has to move into my bedroom. Spare a thought for me lol Anyway, as always, my utmost thanks to the best beta on earth Spin, who is just amazing at taking my musings and making them all presentable and readable. I hope you all enjoy it, and make sure to leave a review and let me know what you think. -0- Harry kicked the rocks on the abandoned road outside McGonagall Manor. The summer had been long, and boring if he was being brutally honest. He'd spent countless hours lying outside, staring up at the sky. For some reason, Ron and Hermione had not owled, and Minerva had been absent for days at a time, returning for dinner, and then slipping out again, leaving him alone in the big manor with only Kenna to keep him company. It wasn't that he didn't understand. Voldemort was back, of course he knew that, but what he didn't understand was the silence that constantly surrounded him. Minerva had become extremely good at veiling her feelings from him through their bond. Before he could feel little bits, seeping through her shields, but now he only ever felt something from her when she wanted him to, or when he assumed she was in trouble. There had been one such night when he'd woken up in a sweat after the dreams, or nightmares more like it. He'd sat up and immediately grabbed his chest as a stab of fear ran through him. But before he could react to it, it was gone. He'd gone to knock on Minerva's door, but after there was no answer he'd peered in, finding the bed empty and unslept in. It was then that he realised things were being kept from him and he didn't like it one bit. "Master Harry, would you like some tea?" Harry shielded his eyes to look at Kenna, who had grown a little while he'd been away. She looked older at least, but she was still small and rather shy. "No thanks," he said glumly. "I'm fine." "Mistress said to make sure you're eating," she said softly. Apparently Kenna had vastly different ideas about how to interact with Harry than Taran did. Taran had told her off more than once for being less than formal with him, but Harry encouraged her, not really liking the standoffishness that Taran offered him. "Yeah, well, Mistress isn't here, is she?" he said, getting up and walking to the gates. Minerva had strengthened the wards, but Harry could get through them now they were bonded. They were of the same blood, no matter in what capacity, and so the wards recognised him. Hence; he found himself walking down a deserted road in the middle of summer ignoring Kenna's worried calls to come back. He stuck his hands in his pockets as a farmer drove past in a Land Rover. He nodded, but didn't wave like the friendly man did. He didn't really feel like chatting, and he'd prefer to not get involved. In fact, he was feeling quite sorry for himself. He stopped outside a field where there was a kid playing with a dog. Harry watched the boy working the dog, trying to round up sheep. It wasn't what Harry considered fun, but it did catch his interest and it wasn't long until the young lad noticed him and walked over with a friendly wave. "Alright?" he asked, in way of greeting. Harry just nodded, leaving the boy to shrug and whistle three times. The young sheep dog looked excited as it took off, running behind the sheep and trying to get them in the pen. The boy didn't say anything else, and Harry didn't offer. It was nice just to have company. Normal company that was taller than three feet. Harry noticed a few things that the boy did and wondered how long it would have taken for him to learn how to do them. The whistling alone was more complicated than Harry had originally thought, and he found himself leaning to one side to see if the dog could get the sheep through that small gate. He shivered. He wasn't sure what was going on, but he shivered again, noticing the dog had stopped corralling the animals and was braced near the pen growling, with his hackles raised. Harry had a sudden moment of clarity as the boy beside him moaned and fell to his knees, all the heat and life drying up in the air as the temperature dropped. "No!" Harry whispered, looking up, willing himself to be wrong. He wasn't. He sprang into action before he could think about what he was seeing, grabbing the boy and racing down the fence line to another gate. "Come on," he groaned, pulling the lad through but not bothering to close it. He could see a small barn up ahead and he hoped there was nothing in it that would bear witness to what he was about to do. The cold followed them, as did the ever increasing sense of dread. He wished fleetingly for Minerva, but when she didn't appear, he assumed he was on his own. He threw the boy into the hay and spun around, brandishing his wand at the Dementor that flew in through the doors behind them. " Expecto Patronum! " he screamed. The familiar form of his father's Animagusflew out, racing towards the oncoming threat and dispatching it with a force that knocked the door from its hinges. Harry was so caught up in watching, he hadn't noticed the other one until the nameless boy Harry had been so ambivalent towards groaned. He spun to see the Dementor reaching down to seal its gaping mouth over the boy's, attempting to rid him of his soul, and he redirected his Patronus towards it, nodding tiredly when it was finally dispatched also. It was only when the air began to warm again that the boy opened his eyes and looked around. "You're an alien!" he said in a broad accent. "Ge' away! Don't come near me!" Harry sighed as the boy scrambled to his feet and ran off, calling for his dog as he did. He watched him for a moment, before he realised he needed to report this to someone. There had been not one, but two Dementors in the middle of the Scottish Highlands; a connection Harry could only assume was himself. He lay back in the hay for a moment but thought better of it; he should get home as soon as possible. Still shaky from the Dementors effects and the first major magical use since the day before school had ended, Harry trudged back to the manor, sighing when he once again found it empty. "Master Harry?" Kenna called as he walked through the door. "Master has been gone for an hour, I shall make sandwiches." "Doesn't matter Kenna," Harry sighed sadly. "I'll be in my room." He climbed the stairs, trailing his hand over the wall as he walked the length of the first floor landing, pausing for a moment at the doorway to Minerva's room. He sighed once more and leant against it tiredly. He wanted her home, but he didn't want to be a burden, and he didn't want to worry her. She clearly had a lot to deal with, so he pushed off the wood and went to his own room, falling face-first onto the bed and falling unconscious. His dreams were vivid and terrifying as he was lost in a screaming vortex of terror. It wasn't until he woke up sweating that he even knew it was a dream. Brushing his fringe out of his eyes, he sighed as he fell back onto the bed, frowning as something crunched under his head. He picked up the slightly crumpled letter, his blood running cold as he noticed the Ministry seal. Dear Mr. Potter, We have received intelligence that you performed the Patronus Charm at twenty-three minutes past nine this evening in a Muggle-inhabited area and in the presence of a Muggle. The severity of this breach of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery has resulted in your expulsion from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Ministry representatives will be calling at your place of residence shortly to destroy your wand. As you have already received an official warning for a previous offence under Section 13 of the International Confederation of Warlocks' Statute of Secrecy, we regret to inform you that your presence is required at a disciplinary hearing at the Ministry of Magic at 9 a.m. on the 12th of August. Hoping you are well, Yours sincerely, Mafalda Hopkirk Improper Use of Magic Office, Ministry of Magic He dropped the letter and got shakily to his feet, unsure of what to do. In a move he hadn't needed since the bad days at the Dursley's, he dropped to the floor and slid under his bed, crying into the crooks of his arms until he once again fell asleep. -0- Minerva took a deep breath of fresh air during the lull in the meeting. She'd had to get out of the room before she took someone's head off. She couldn't understand why she was feeling so out of sorts. Actually, that wasn't completely true. She missed Harry fiercely, but she knew that the work she was involved in, the work with the Order was more important than anything else at the moment. Treaties had to be brokered, and past allegiances needed to be strengthened. It was hard work, firstly tracking down past friends and calling in favours, and consequently she had barely slept in her own bed in the last month. Harry was suffering if Kenna was to be believed when she did stop in at the Manor but in a war against Voldemort, she knew that relationships often suffered. Take Albus and her for example. She had barely seen him outside meetings and although the pain of missing Harry was a mite keener, she craved his touch. "My dear," the very man occupying her thoughts whispered in her ear. "Albus," she breathed, letting him take her in his arms. "You have worked hard and slept little," he said kindly. "I want you to go home. Talk to Harry, hug your son." She looked up at him, gauging his seriousness. She sighed once more, letting her forehead rest against his chest. "I miss him, but you need me." "Even Severus has had a night off, Min," Albus chuckled, massaging her shoulders gently as they swayed to music only they could hear. "You need some sleep, and I would be happier knowing it was at the Manor." "He suffers," she said simply, knowing that he would understand. "As do you, my love. Spend some time at home. I am not so old I do not remember how everyone suffered through the first war. While time is of the essence, we all have more to lose now, which is