crescendi /krə SHen dē/ ( pl. noun ) gradual increases in loudness in a piece of music —- a/n [ Might be confusing if you don't know canon too well. Written for Caesar's Palace's dozen's challenge. ] —- "I love you," she whispers. "And I love you." It begins with this: Finnick Odair is sitting on a stage—a platform, really, raised a few feet off the ground—when she's called up from the square. Her eyes are green and empty, her hair brown and flat, her body strong but thin. It only takes a single glance to know she's going to die. They always die. On the train, a couple hours later, he drowns himself in alcohol and wonders if this time it'll be enough to not wake up the next morning. With a pounding headache, he does. Rinse and repeat. She was never supposed to come home. He's walking sideways, or sitting on the couch, or lying upside down (the memories are hazy and he doesn't know, doesn't know) when her name is ringing out, being spelled out, throughout Panem. It's then that he learns it. Syllable by syllable, tasting the sound upon his mouth. Annie Cresta. His stomach revolts, and its contents end up on the floor. Her name goes to waste. Finnick goes to sleep. (The nightmares drag him back up again, and as he's sitting there panting, a scream floats through the walls. He winces. On this lone train ride back, another shares the same demons. He hates sharing.) Full cycle, they end up back home, on a platform. The train station. The girl smiles, the girl screams. Alone, Finnick disappears. Or perhaps this: Victors are not friendly people, not really. They're all neighbors, staged in pretty houses like dolls, but they don't talk, don't look. Often, the victors of Four can be found on their porches. Or backyards that open up to beaches. Within sight of each other, yet never bothering to cross over that invisible line. Mags breaks this boundary; Mags breaks many. There is no one Finnick knows who could say no to Mags. Annie breaks this boundary; Annie is mad. When she sidles up next to Finnick on his porch, he does little to push her away. He's too tired, too used. She doesn't talk, never explains. He assumes it's best. The next day she wanders over to Mags. Then Jayden. Then Pip. And on and on she goes on a journey of madness through a world made up. After a few months, Finnick notices that she sits next to him most often. "Smile," she says one day. Not a question, not a command. He doesn't smile. He doesn't turn. "Why do you never smile?" "Why do you?" These are his first words to the mad girl, and they taste sour in his mouth. He will still remember these words years later. "There are fewer reasons to smile now," she says slowly, "but not none at all." So he smiles with teeth and raised cheeks and dead eyes. Annie Cresta leaves. Or perhaps this: They send him straight to the Capitol. There's no use in keeping him stuck on the same train through district after district. No use in keeping him where he's not needed. The crew meets him eventually. Mags strolls in like she owns the damn place, leading her tribute by the hand through the mazes of hand-painted dolls; stylist and prep team split up by the door and wander in their own directions; and the escort walks straight up to Finnick. He thinks he should learn her name, but he knows she'd never notice if he used it either way. "Hello, darling," he purrs. She giggles. He continues on. (In the moments there's no one's arms draped low around his hips, Finnick observes from his hideaway by the cake table. Annie is swept from dance number to dance number. Annie is swept out of the room. Her fate's sealed like wax on a letter.) Or perhaps this: Annie Cresta sits on her own porch today. It's the middle of winter, the sea is trembling in its hold, and it wouldn't even take a sailor to tell you there's a storm on the way. He will look back on this day, but he will never know what possessed him to open his door and walk across the dying grass to her porch. For the first time, he approaches the mad girl. The second his knee brushes hers during the clumsy process of sitting on stairs, she smiles. He recoils. Words dance on his tongue before the sentence in his mind pieces itself together. He steals her retired words. Fixes them. "Why do you smile?" She only laughs. It might irritate him, he thinks, if she were to sound happy. To throw that in his face. But she sounds nothing short of mad. So he waits for her answer. "I'm still finding reasons," she says at last. She is quickly becoming the most put together broken person that he has ever seen. "What reasons?" "Mags makes pancakes on Thursdays." Finnick leans forward, waits. This is something he already knew. This is something that manages to get him out of bed by noon to steal the last of the giant batch before it goes cold. This is not a reason to smile. She says nothing else. On Thursday, Finnick sets an alarm. He is up at seven, the sun peeking through briefly before the fog rolls all the way in, his eyes drifting shut again without permission. He enters Mags' house half blind. It's enough to see Annie sitting at the table, plate piled high. Finnick sleeps on his plate instead. "Is he all right?" someone asks. Laughter, distinctly his old mentor's, is the reply. Pip shows up at ten, when Finnick's finally roused himself enough to reach for the syrup. All of Mags' living tributes under one roof, he thinks. Then Annie Cresta walks right out the door. Or perhaps this: Patterns, however slight, are hidden in everything. It takes days, weeks, months before he returns to Annie's porch. He starts the same way as before, and she smiles a real smile, and then she tells him why. Feeding seagulls. He joins her the next time he sees her doing so—the one thing everyone in the entirety of Four knows not to do because then they're reliant , and get too close to people , and shit on everything . The birds fight and topple over each other. She laughs, falls silent, stops, laughs again. She's mad. Finnick watches. And then he returns to her porch. Again. Again. They're reading dusty books in Mags' castle. Leftover pancakes litter counter tops. Clocks tick second after second. He's still on page one, reading the sentence, the words, the letters, but it's not making a mark on his brain. Reading requires thinking, but he's not thinking of the right things at all. Mags asks what books they're reading—it's fair. They're hers. Annie answers, Annie knows. A hand hits the back of Finnick's head before he realizes he's yet to reply. "Good book?" Annie asks. No. That's not why he isn't paying attention. His old mentor looks down at his page. She laughs. Or perhaps this: A year's Games come and go. Annie's mother passes with them. (This is what Snow does, what he's always done, what he'll always do. Finnick doesn't blink twice, does nothing but lead her home from the funeral with a hand pressed to her lower back.) This leaves him sitting on her porch because don't leave . Technically he hasn't left yet. A foot drops experimentally down onto the grass below, off the structure of the house. Like she knows, a light flickers on upstairs. He quickly withdraws his foot. "Finnick?" It's the next morning and he's asleep on the porch step. Mags uses his shins as a stair and escorts herself to the door. He jumps up quick enough to open the door for her, and follows enough inside to collapse on Annie's couch. "Tea?" is the next question. And he wakes up again. Life, it so appears, goes on. It's sickening. "Sugar?" is his favorite of the interrogation that is his life. Before he can reach for the offering, however, it's pulled back. Out of reach, still in sight. It's maddening. Though Annie Cresta's eyes are not. "You're smiling." She's smiling. The whole damn world is smiling, and he's not sure how to handle it. So he reaches for the sugar again. She lets him take it. Or perhaps this: It's his idea to bake her a cake for her birthday. Mags laughs at him and leaves him to figure it out for himself. That's how he ends up on Annie's front porch again, proposing his idea to the receiver of his gift, pathetically. She laughs, too, but takes his hand to drag him inside. Same skin and bone. He wonders how her hands are softer. Her mother's recipe. She reads it to him. Finnick refuses to let her do any of the work. "But why isn't reading instructions included in this 'work?'" she asks. Amusement creeps up on her words as a smile creeps up on her lips. "Because I need you to do that," he answers. "And you can't do any work." "Oh, so it's just because you said so." He pauses, time freezes. "Well, yeah." "Well, I say that I get to mix, then, because you've been poking at that batter for years, and it's not even close to looking like it's supposed to." The spoon stops its circles. Its owner looks up at the accuser. "But that's work." A smirk. "But I said so." And when he opens his mouth, she slants towards him, falling, and whines, "It's my birthday ." He throws an arm out to support her, holds her for a second too long while he thinks it over, then hands her the spoon. The cake flourishes under her hands, and while he should be taking notes on how and what and when, he's stuck stupidly watching her. Or perhaps this: The door opens smoothly; Finnick stands there fidgeting, yet again. He can't look her in the eyes, not now, and he thinks he might flee, but she keeps him captive. And everyone else can see him from their porches, and while he's willing to act like a fool in front of Annie Cresta, he can't in front of the victors of Four. Trapped. She looks at him curiously. He wishes she never answered the door. "What is it?" she asks. It's the wrong question. Because he doesn't have an answer. "I was—just—wanna say—hi?" He cringes, waits for the worst, but she simply smiles, opens the door wider. And they sit in her kitchen and talk and talk over cups of tea and bowls of sugar. He spills his with a hand gesture, cleans it up with an apology. She's still smiling, smiling, smiling. His brow crinkles. The conversation lulls. "Why do you smile?" he asks, while smiling all the same. He's predicted her answer before the words escaped. And he gets it right. Her cheeks flush red. It's because of him. "It's because of you." Or perhaps this: She falls asleep on his couch, and the silence she leaves in her wake is deafening. Her hair slithers across the armrest, brown rivers on bright blue knitted pillows. On the side table, a mug of chamomile sits half empty. Finnick has no clue what to do about any of it. Feet trudge upstairs, body rests on the soft sheets of a proper bed. The scream wakes him, the shaking wakes her. Her limbs are frantic, chest heaving. With a gentle grasp on her forearm, Finnick holds her steady, kneeling next to the couch barely an hour after he last left her. The chamomile creates a puddle on the floor. Annie is confused once it stops, her eyes focusing evenly and questioningly on his.