a/n [ This is, completely, obviously, AU. The setting is, like, 95% real, and while places are mentioned and described often, there's barely any mention of relative location. Sorry if that confuses any of you foreigners. Uses the prompt 'serendipity' from Caesar's Palace. For Kay in June. ] preface; everybody's looking for something There's a restaurant in Bodega that's half on land and half sitting on a dock held up by stilts that appears it could collapse at any moment. It's in the middle of nowhere, really, surrounded on two sides by water and faded grass and houses with peeling paint on the other, across from the old road. Before the fog rolls away to the sun, it's peaceful, and windy, and alone. Then, an hour or so before noon, the cars start coming. They look out of place with their shiny cases and fast wheels. Sometimes, the people drive slowly, stopping at every pull-off to get out and take a photo. Those are the tourists. Even in the run-down part of town, which is that perfect place where you can really tell that you're looking at a bay, not the ocean—but who really even cares about the difference anymore—tourists still manage to squeeze in and upset the serenity of it all. But the restaurant, an old wharf, is meant for tourists. And, sometimes, residents who are looking for a nice meal. It's busy inside, just like it always is, and waiters are bustling around trying to please everyone at once. There's one table, in the back corner that's got windows on both sides so you can see the one encrusted dock post that always, always, has a seagull perched on top of it, that's been occupied by a couple for thirty minutes. And they haven't even ordered yet. To the world around them, they're just another pair of tourists staying in or driving up the coast of the bay; they've even got cameras with them—hers is cheap and disposable, his is just on his iPhone. No one notices that they're loosely holding hands over the table, or that he has to read her the menu because she lost her reading glasses in the ocean. No one knows that this is the last day they'll ever see each other again. He mispronounces a simple word, she laughs, and the world goes on around them. saturday; can you hear the distance calling Annie's mother lives in Manhattan. Her father lives in San Francisco. It's a rather perilous situation, but she doesn't mind. She prefers big cities anyway. It's amazing, walking down a street filled with hundreds of other people who don't look at you twice. They never wonder we're you're going or where you've been, and vice versa you're standing in the middle of hundreds of stories that will never cross paths except for this moment right now. It's exhilarating. There's the tourism, too. Annie can visit historical houses and different museums and famous landmarks during the day and stop by the local grocery store on her way home to pick up something for dinner. It's like living in between two worlds. When she's with her dad, her favorite thing to do is to take a cable car over to Market Street, walk to the Ferry Building, and mix into the crowd, trying to blend in. There's a little ice cream shop not to far from the entrance that she loves. She can always expect a long line of costumers, the poor workers must serve thousands of people every day, but there's one boy who's always working when Annie finally makes it to the front, and he always greets her by name. "White chocolate lavender again?" he asks her, before she can place her order. "Actually, I think I want to try something new," she replies with a grin. In the end, she always ends up getting her usual. If happiness had a flavor, that's what her ice cream would taste like. She always eats her ice cream outside; sometimes she stands and watches the ferries leave and enter the port, sometimes there's a seat available and she sits. Her ice cream is eaten in silence, but once she throws her cup and spoon away, she puts on her headphones and walks circles around the building. She's going somewhere and nowhere all at once. On the third day of her summer vacation—her second in San Francisco—, exactly one week after her seventeenth birthday, a stranger, a tourist, bumped into her while she was turning around a corner, which caused her to bump into someone else whom she promptly apologized to after lowering her headphones to hang around her neck and shoving her hand into her back pocket to pause the music on her Nano—her mom had offered to buy her a newer one, but she declined the offer. Standing alone, with a soft buzz in her ears, she leans against the smooth wall and lets people—who don't notice her—pass her by. She loves that; she sees them but they don't see her. It makes her feel like an undercover spy or something. But then the moment passes and she's reaching up for her headphones again, ready to continue her march to everywhere. As she turns her head, she finds a little splash of red on the wall. Now that she sees it, it stands out greatly. She wonders how she missed it. It's writing, she realizes, and she steps a little bit closer, her hands fumbling through her handbag. Once her glasses are out and perched on her nose, she blinks, and then reads. It's just a simple word: Hey. Annie blinks at it again and squints her eyes, too. What kind of person would take time out of their day to write 'Hey' on a wall? Yet, she feels obliged to add on to it. Her hand reaches back into her bag and pulls out a Sharpie; it's purple. She writes: What's up? And then she puts both the marker and glasses back in her bag and continues on with her day. sunday; and the streets are full of strangers To Finnick Odair, there's nothing better than wasting a whole day to go to San Francisco. In fact, he does it every Sunday, and no one can stop him. He takes his Dad's car—it's his father's fault Finnick doesn't have a car of his own, so this almost makes it better—and drives to Larkspur where he boards a ferry to take him across the Golden Gate. Today is no different. When he gets to the Ferry Building, he walks around it, even though the entrance is right in front of him. He hopes to avoid the heart of the crowd. As he walks, he trails one hand along the wall; it bounces against each ridge and most likely becomes infected with big city germs and dirt. He doesn't mind the uncleanliness so much, just the people. There's tall people and short people, professional people and homeless people, rude people and, well, there's no opposite for that one. Not in San Francisco, anyway. It's a dog eat dog world, so to speak, and really, he hates it. He has no idea what keeps bringing him back to the city. He turns around the first corner, and a man with a cart offers him some cotton candy. It's not even noon yet, and the only thing Finnick's had this morning is coffee. He fishes out his wallet and pays the street vendor without a second thought. With a cardboard cone in his hand and pink sugar in his mouth, he resumes his walk, remembering that this is the reason he keeps coming back—the nobodies making money off of hyperactive tourists. It's a refreshing change from his small, well-off town. His hand is still trailing along the wall when he reaches the second corner. He's taking another bite of his cotton candy, fighting against the fluffy tendrils, when he stops—walking, that is; he keeps chewing. It's not the red print that stops him. That's familiar to him; he's seen it three times in the past three weeks. He wrote it. It's the thicker, purple writing below it that catches his attention. He leans a bit closer, studying the smaller print. The letters are loopy, almost written in cursive. It's definitely feminine. Finnick glances to his left and right then back again. He has the unmistakable feeling that he's being pranked, but there's no one around even looking at him. He's an invisible person staring at a wall. Just another undiscovered story. He pats his pockets with his right hand while his left hand lifts so he can take another bite of his treat. When he finds his Sharpie, intact, he scrawls another message onto the wall, right underneath the last one. He writes: I'm talking to either a wall or God. He laughs slightly at his own comment, and laughs again at the strangeness of the situation. Later, as he's walking down Market Street, chatting with vendors and purchasing a few things from the more hopeless looking people, he looks at every girl that passes by, wondering which one is his mystery girl with the purple marker. tuesday; searching the world for what's right here Switching between two houses and two schools every year is not particularly the best situation for making friends. Throughout the years, Annie has managed to keep one. Others have come and gone, and she's not a complete social outcast, but there's only one person that she can truly call a friend. "Get dressed," Johanna orders, stepping through Annie's door. Annie looks up. For the past three hours she's been lying on her bed, still in her pajamas, listening to music. She's most definitely a morning person, but that doesn't mean she's going to abuse the freedom of summer vacation. Johanna, however, has a big problem waking up before noon during school, and now she's standing, dressed, arms crossed, in Annie's bedroom doorway. Reluctantly, she pauses her music. "Where are we going?" she asks. "Away," Johanna says, throwing a balled up bunch of clothes at Annie. She adorns the clothes Johanna picked out without further complaint; she's learned it's best not to question Johanna. When she's done, her friend drags her out of the room and out of the house. Before the front door closes, she shouts, "Bye, Mr. Cresta!" and Annie hears a faint reply. "Where first?" Annie asks as they're walking down the sidewalk. "Anywhere," Johanna says. "You pick first." "Humphry Slocombe?" She groans. "Fine." They ride the cable car in silence. Annie is sitting in the very last seat at the back of the car; Johanna is standing at the edge and leaning into the world outside. It races by in flashes of light and color. People on the sidewalk turn their heads as the car passes by. The very last stop is Market Street, and Johanna hops down as the cable car screeches their arrival. She grabs Annie's hand and pulls her onto the street. They walk past the vendors with their hands still intertwined, except this time Annie is pulling her friend along. "Wait, wait, wait," Johanna pleads, pulling Annie to a stop. "Will you buy me that shirt?" Annie looks at the shirt Johanna's pointed out before shaking her head. "Of course not." "But I haven't been annoying yet. I deserve it." "You're being annoying now. Come on." "Okay, okay, wait. I'll buy it myself," she says. Annie waits for Johanna to make her purchase, and then they continue walking to the Ferry Building. Johanna interrogates Annie about her time in New York, and most importantly, if she has a boyfriend yet. Annie ignores the boy-centered questions all together. It's still morning when they arrive at the ice cream shop, so there isn't the usual long line. A girl asks Annie and Johanna what flavor they'd like, and as Johanna's answering, another worker places a medium cup on top of the divider. "White