a/n [ I'm giving in to my love of writing children. Even if it goes against all of my headcanons. For the Odesta contest at Caesar's Palace. Also uses prompt 'buffoon' from c/p. ] —- yesterday we were just children playing soldiers, just pretending dreaming dreams with happy endings but now we've stepped into a cruel world where everybody stands and keeps score - Eyes Open by Taylor Swift —- 1. —- The houses are next to each other, on the left side of the road coming from town. The first house is painted blue, and being the only house on the street that's not the original white, it's considered magic by the school children. Everyone knows what the paint means: the residents have money, and they probably don't need tesserae. They can have full plates every day of the year. They could've lived in the nicer houses closer to town, but they chose here, where it's dingy and reeks of fish. No one understands. The older children dare the younger ones to go up and knock on the door. It's always the same little girl who opens the door each time, long after the culprit has ran away. She has to reach up for the doorknob, and she turns it with both hands, pushing the door with her body to nudge it open. With wide green eyes, searching for her knocker, she always says, "Hello?" in that shy tone of hers. Sometimes, a boy watches her from next door. The second house has peeling paint and a door that's been squeaky since it was built many, many years ago. One of the front steps is broken, so you've got to skip over it as you walk to the door. But no one ever visits that house, because everyone knows that the family wears the same clothes every day and that their ribs show through their shirts in the winter. Next to the magic house, they make the oddest pair. The family who likes living in the poor side of town and the family that should realistically be starving on the streets, begging for food like the strays. And unlike the sheltered girl next door next door who owns seven dresses, one for each day of the week, of course, this boy knows the hardship of being the odd one out. But they really aren't that different, and he wonders how she opens that door with a smile every time. "No one's gonna be there," he tells her when she opens the door yet again. He's standing in the streets, pretending to swordplay with a stick he's kept for awhile. "They might," she answers, yelling across the few yards between her house and his, even though he can hear her just fine. "One day." He doesn't have the heart to tell her otherwise. He's seen the children running away almost every time. Sometimes he doesn't recognize them; sometimes they're from school. It makes him mad, but he never intervenes. He returns to attacking the old pine with his stick. —- The girl's name is Annie Cresta. She was born in spring like all sweet things, the first and only child of Keron and Mayla Cresta. All she's ever known are the cans of blue paint in the kitchen, the patterns of the tide, and the cookie always gets on her birthday—she's gotten six. There's a boy next door, and a girl across the street, and only one of them has talked to her more than twice. She learned to swim before she could walk, and she spells her name with only one N because writing out two seems unnecessary. Her favorite color is the sky. Once, on a Saturday in October, six months after her fourth cookie, she climbed over the neighbor's fence. The vertical boards of wood holding it all together was the perfect ladder, and she wanted to test out her climbing skills. Her problem was that she had only figured out climbing up. She sat on top of the fence, legs dangling over the edge, for a good few minutes. Her mama or papa would come soon and rescue her. They always did. But, not this time. Instead, a little boy—who had never had a cookie before in his life, but if he lived under her cookie rule, he'd be a few months shy of seven—stood in front of her, his head tilted up. "What are you doing?" he asked, an accusatory tone in his voice like who's this girl and why is she on my fence? "Climbing," she answered. She had learned the word a couple weeks ago and was rather proud of the sound of it as it passed her lips. He crossed his arms. "You're sitting," he said. "I want down," she said, lifting her from their purchase on the fence to cross her arms like him. The boy's eyes widened and his arms reached up, trying to stop her. "Wait, don't—" She swayed for a second on top of the thin boards of the fence. A loose board tilted under her weight, and before the boy could utter another word, she fell. Before he could blink, she was on the ground, lying on her stomach, her face in the dirt. Annie propped up on shaky arms and rolled over. The bright sun stung her eyes. "Ow," she muttered. The boy crouched next to her, alarmed. "You okay?" "Ow," she said again, louder. Slowly she got up, cradling her arm to her chest. She sniffed at the boy, a single tear rolling down her cheek, before running out of the yard back to her mama and papa. "Stupid girl," the boy mumbled, his eyes still on the spot she'd fallen. He didn't wonder if she'd gotten home all right, he just continued on his way to the beach, already forgetting the determined eyes and dark ponytail. —- He's attacking the tree with his makeshift sword, winning, of course, when Annie comes up behind him and taps him on the shoulder. He jumps, spinning around and pointing the end of the stick at her chest. She smiles up at him. He frowns. "You're dead." She promptly pulls up a stick of her own, one that she brought all the way from the big tree by the Justice Building. When it finds its mark on the older boy's chest, she giggles. "So are you." "That's not how it works." He lowers his stick back to his side. "Then show me." First, his eyes narrow, wondering if she's playing some sort of trick on him, but her eyes are bright and honest, and he finds himself grinning at her. "Okay." As the two children practice, clanging makeshift swords and swiping at legs and sides, laughing with each successful hit, twenty-four other children sit in a room. It is their time to show off newfound, or long practiced, skills. They will not remember the past days spent laughing with friends. But for Annie, this is all she knows. She swings her stick at his head, and he doesn't duck in time. It hits his ear, and everything stops. For now, this is the biggest of their worries. —- 2. —- The boy's name is Finnick Odair, and he was born in the exact middle of winter. As the tale has it, his family has lived in his house since before the war, but now they're on the verge of having to give it up. And even while so young, nothing is sugarcoated. Corliss and Hayden Odair are stern people more concerned with their own wellbeing than their child's. It's a tough world and Finnick has got himself caught in the middle of it. But luckily or unluckily, he's tough enough to keep his head above water. The first time he met Annie Cresta, he was two years old. Word travels faster than the wind in this part of Four, so seconds after Ms. Cresta was in labor, the whole town knew, even little Finn who was still half asleep in his bed, hearing his parents talking in the next room, using words he shouldn't hear. He got up and waddled out of the bedroom. "Where's baby?" he asked, voice slightly muffled from the thumb in his mouth. "Don't do that, Finnick," his mother scolded, lifting him onto a chair and making sure he dropped his arm to his side. A dish of applesauce was placed in front of him. When his parents went back to their discussion, not including him, he became frustrated. "Where's baby?" His father frowned, his forehead creasing. "Next door. Eat your food." And Finnick did, the conversation leaving his mind. But later that evening, there was nothing stopping Finnick from stepping out from his yard to the one next door and knocking on the wooden door. A man answered, and he was smiling. Finnick paused a moment to smile back. "Where's baby?" Keron didn't pause a second to ask if Finnick's parents knew where he was. Everyone knew about the Odairs. He bent down, eye level with the child. "Would you like to see her?" The boy nodded, and the man called into the house, saying something about a guest. The response must've been something pleasant because Finnick was led to the bedroom and introduced to a little girl in a blanket. "Hi," he said, waving a hand. Big eyes stared up at him, curious. He leaned in closer. "Hi." Mayla smiled down at Finnick, and grasped the hand of her baby, waving it slowly, gently. The boy smiled and reached up to touch the fingers on her other hand. Something in his mind registered that this girl was small, that he needed to protect her. His fingers were careful as they extended her fingers to line up with his, but she just closed her hand right back into a fist in his palm, making him giggle. Then the newborn's eyes shut and she drifts to sleep, and Finnick is carried home. —- The beach is something extraordinary, and as the children grow, none of the excitement fades. Annie Cresta is one day away from her eighth cookie when she reaches into a tide pool and picks up a sea snail. She shouts, "That's ten, I win!" Finnick Odair looks up from a different tide pool farther down the beach. "No, we're going to fifteen!" "That's a dumb number." She looks at the snail in her hand, wound back tight in its shell. It is completely at her mercy right now. "Well, fine!" He digs a bit in the pool as Annie watches. Eventually, he lifts up his hand up, showing off a black dot, which she guesses is a baby snail. "Fifteen, I win!" She gently places her snail back in the water, watching as it slides back out of its shell and pokes around before hiding behind a rock. A bit of water is flicked onto her cheek, and she frowns, wiping it off. Finnick grins beside her. "Come on, it's getting late." She takes another moment to watch the tide pool, noticing for the first time how much life is in just that one little spot. Then, she's abruptly standing up. "Race you!" Annie is off running, sand flying behind her, before he can fully process what she's said. But soon he's up as well, almost caught up with her. When she trips in the sand and falls down, she reaches for his arm and pulls him down as well. They're lying on the sand, staring up at the orange sky and laughing, as the sun goes down. —- Their task for Monday is to make money at the market. They make the plan in the morning when the sky is bright and blue while walking down the coast, hand gestures wild as they discuss. The issue is that they can't figure out what to sell. He suggests they bottle sand, but she argues that sand is already everywhere; people can