a/n [ A companion to my story Power is Glory, Power is Absolute , which does not have to be read to understand this. For Angel in September. (I'm way late, but happy birthday!) Uses Caesar's Palace's prompt 'transcend'. ] She was grasping the pencil in a tight, unsteady fist, when a knock came at the door. Briefly, she decided if her doodle or the person was more important, but in the end, her doodle won out. The person walked in anyway, and stood a moment over her shoulder, watching her scribble over the paper. When the person spoke, she could hear the disapproving tone in his voice. "You should be practicing your letters, Valeria." Her hand froze in the middle of a line. "Why?" The person stooped down and plucked the paper from the table. Val grasped wildly for it, but it was lifted high out of her reach. She yelped a bit, scrambling up onto her chair to match the height of the thief, but before she could stand, large hands ripped the paper to pieces, and let it flutter down around her like snow. "Because you'll only become important by focusing on important things," he said, gently taking the pencil from her hand as well. "Stop!" Val yelled, jumping on her chair. "Stop, stop!" "One day, you'll thank me." As her father left the room, leaving the ruined remnants of her drawing behind, Valeria cried. :::: She was alone. Nothing more than a speck in the grand ballroom. Her fingers traced the wall as she walked around once, twice, seven times, before two avoxes walked in. One held balloons, the other a slice of cake. Val took the balloons, and spread them around in a circle around her. There were five—one for each year. When she looked at the cake, she frowned. "More," she ordered. The avox, a pretty girl with a name she couldn't give, smiled softly, but Val wasn't looking. She was looking at her mess of balloons and the mess of her celebration. Before the avox left, she called out, "When does it start?" The other avox, with empty hands, held out seven fingers. He gave a smile, but it was lost on the child as she turned around, staring at the clock in the back of the room. She didn't know how to tell time. About the time her cake was brought in—a small circle, one layer, with yellow sprinkles—the group of people setting up for the party started to arrive, as did her mother. Val's mother entered the room in a white pantsuit, the same one that she promised to give to Val when she was older, and a small trail of the usual avoxes behind her. From her circle of balloons, a shield of protection from the sudden commotion, Val sat on the floor with the platter and a fork, while the avox from earlier stood behind her, back stiff. "What time is it?" she asked, looking at the avox. Her answer was two fingers. Val counted slowly; that meant five hours until the party. Five fingers. She could wait five fingers. "Valeria!" he mother cried, finally noticing her. "What are you doing here? The party is a surprise!" "I'm celebrating," she answered, bringing another bite of cake to her mouth. Her mother lifted her to her feet, and brushed away the chocolate crumbs from her clothes. "Why? We're celebrating later, dear!" "I don't want a party, Mama," she whined. "I want cake and balloons and my pencils and you." "Just think about all the presents you'll get, Valeria!" her mother exclaimed, motioning for the avox to take away the cake, before flashing a smile—the big, full-of-teeth kind with no shining eyes—and walking away, pointing here and there with orders to the workers. Val stood up, grabbed her balloons in one tight fist, and marched upstairs. :::: She was tired of not doing the things she wasn't allowed to do. She wasn't allowed to bother her parents when they were working. She couldn't go outside without someone watching her. It was 'inappropriate' to have tea parties with her avoxes and 'unladylike' to race down the halls. And she was never supposed to visit the left wing of the mansion where her grandfather and father and the official people in suits always went. Sometimes, however, when Val is in a particularly bad mood, her grandfather will open his study door, and she'll march in, notebooks and pencils tucked under her arm, and the two of them will work side by side until he's called away. "What's your idea today, Valeria?" he'll always ask as she steps through the open door. "Flower day," she'll announce, or something of that nature. "Every Monday, everyone gets a free flower." And her grandfather will nod, as if that makes perfect sense, and then he'll tell her that he'll work on that, and then he'll start looking over the reports of treason in each district while she draws fields of flowers. :::: She was sitting cross-legged in her skirt, notebook folded in her lap, the end of the pencil resting against her teeth while she thought. The room was empty save for her. The walls were blank, the carpet was white, and while furniture had once sat here, it was now gone. Alone in the corner, Val chewed the metal ring on her pencil, humming a tune from the radio. When she started to draw again, her idea was this: dancing on the clouds. She drew the curls and puffs of the cloud first, swirling her pencil round and round until the wisps almost sailed right off the page. Next was herself, in the center, wearing the blue dress she'd seen in the window while shopping yesterday. The bottom of the dress was enveloped by the cloud, which stirred under feet. A laugh bubbled up inside of her, and she stood, discarding the drawing on the floor, and danced on the carpet in her simple shorts and blouse, making enough noise to lead to her discovery. Her grandfather stood in the doorway, frowning slightly. Val shrank back, drawing her arms in to her sides, but soon he was smiling again, and she felt herself smile back a little, too. "What are you doing, Valeria?" "Dancing," she whispered. Out in the air, her thoughts seemed silly, childlike. She stood up a bit straighter like her grandfather. He gestured to her notebook, still on the floor. "May I see?" She handed it to him eagerly, wanting to hear his praise, which she received, along with a smile. At the time, she was proud. Then, months later, she saw the arena of the Games, and shrank into herself. She put her notebook on the shelf along her other books and never touched it again. :::: She was just resting her head for one second against the desk when an elbow nudged her, and she shot back up, facing the teacher with attention. For Val, history lessons seem to last forever since she does, in fact, already know more about her country's history than her teacher. Her father used to tell her the stories, when he wasn't too busy, and before, she loved hearing them. But rehearing the products of each district was somehow too much to bear. While the other kids started drawing each product in its respective district, using a poorly printed map, Val fidgeted with her pencil then raised her hand. "Yes, Valeria?" Ms. Lartius asked, walking over, proud to help the president's granddaughter. "What does the Capitol produce?" Ms. Lartius laughed. "We provide safety, Valeria. And entertainment." Frowning, Val turned back to her blank map and stared. She doesn't remember ever providing safety. Maybe it was a grown-up job. She picked up her blue pencil and started drawing jewels in District One, already thinking of new things like tonight's dinner and the latest episode of her favorite show. :::: She was curled up in the very center of her bed, a thermometer pressed to the edge of her tongue. It was taken out just as quickly as it was put in, and the avox holding it had to squint a little to read the numbers. Then the avox left, leaving Val alone in the room while she coughed and coughed until she didn't think she'd ever stop. The next person to enter the room sat right on the bed next to Val, but she didn't have the energy to see who it was. No words were spoken, but a gentle hand smoothed down Val's hair and over her back, rubbing circles. The blanket was lifted a bit higher over her torso, and Val buried into the warmth, an ache still deep in her throat. "Water," she asked, her voice cracking just a bit. Immediately, the hands helped her up and a cold glass was given to her. Val's fingers curled around the glass; the water sloshed as she lifted it to her mouth. The second she handed it back, she collapsed onto the bed, shivering, and the blanket was lifted up one more time. "Thank you," she whispered, and the hand returned to her hair. She could now remember the familiarity of her grandmother's frail hands and kind nature. It wasn't often Val was with her grandmother, so she fought wave after wave of sleep, used up tissue after tissue, until suddenly it was too much, and as tired tears dripped from her eyes, she fell asleep. :::: She was doing cartwheels outside, smiling and enjoying the summer sun when her grandfather came outside to join her. Val staged a show for him, and after grand finale of four cartwheels in a row, he clapped, smiling. "Beautiful, Valeria," he said. She walked over to him, then sat at the little porch table as an avox hurried over to pour her some lemonade. "You really think so?" "Indeed." Her grandfather took a sip of his wine. "You truly have a gift." She smiled—the kind that lights up the whole face with crinkly eyes and all—and laughed, her head bowing and hands holding her stomach. What a thought to have a gift in cartwheeling. "I can do somersaults, too," she said proudly. "Really? Well, I might have to see that for myself." After taking a quick gulp of her lemonade, she ran back to the field where she performed until her knees hurt. Her grandfather gave her a standing ovation when she was done. :::: She was humming a song while sitting atop the counters, watching the head chef decorate the cake for the big party in the evening. The cake had four tiers, each of a different flavor, and Valeria couldn't stop begging for just one little bite, but the chef was adamant. "But I won't get to try it at the party," she tried. It was true; she was meant to sit in her room, or the gardens, or be anywhere that wasn't the in the right wing. She pouted for good measure. "Sorry, Val," the chef said, adding frosting roses to the bottom of the cake. "It's strictly for guests only." "I order you to give me a bite?" The chef just laughed at her. Val went back to humming her song. When the chef held up two boxes of edible decorations, and asked her opinion for silver or gold, she tilted her head up to the ceiling, giving it a lot of thought. Eventually, she chose gold because silver was better and should be saved for a cake she was allowed to eat. She could almost taste it already. The delicate frosting and soft cake. A scoop of ice cream to the side that'd be too cold to eat at first. The chef presented her with a small slice once he finished, while she was caught in her daydream, and she handed it back. "I didn't really want to take it from the guests," she explained. "The cake needs to be whole." With a wink,