Pain it was the only thing that he felt now. He never knew that he could ache like this. The constant ache in his chest was growing more with the passing of each second. Yet he knew it would only get worse. The pain he felt now would never leave him; his soul would weep until he gave in and left to the halls of Manos. Why him! Valar why? The tears seeped beneath the lashes that so desperately tried to block their coming. He knew that he would never stop the tears. His heart was flooded with them. The lean body that held such pain; shivered in grief, strong arms wrapped around long legs to rest his head upon their knees. The golden curtain of hair fell before the fair face to hide his anguish. Yet he did not care if any in the camp saw him now. He did not care if they saw this as a weakness, available to exploit. He no longer cared what they did to him. No amount of pain inflicted upon his body would compare to what now coursed through his whole being. Why did he have to die? Why did he have to die…for me? Through the cries his heart called out to the Valar, he heard them approach him. He did not look up. He knew why they came to him now. Yet his pain did not allow him to care. There is no hope left in me…I will die as he did, why live with out Estel ? "Awe the poor little prince is crying." Came there taunts. "Do you miss your friend already?" He still did not look at them. He wanted to die. He wanted to scream out to the world to just kill him and be done! Let this retched existence be gone, he was not worthy of life. Not now that it had been bought for such high a price. How will the world go on with out Estel? "You should be happy, Prince, he gave his pathetic life for yours. And you sat there and let him die!" The truth in their words only intensified the pain he felt. "He did not have to die. If you had been truthful with us in the beginning he would still be right here." He felt the speaker pat the dirt next to where he sat. Behind the golden curtain there was nothing but blue ice. The eyes that glared now at the man had no warmth; there was only pain in those orbs that bore in to the human that now taunted. "I did not have to tell you who I was. You knew, you knew and still you killed him. You tossed him aside as though he was nothing! Yet he was everything! Everything!" The pain burst from the elf in a cry of agony, and he stood from his seated position on this ground. Hands, strong from millennia of using a long bow, griped the front of the man's tunic. "He died thinking he was protecting who I am and you knew! He died for nothing!" The normally melodious voice was strained with anger. "There we go! Let it out Legolas, you are so much more fun when you are angry." The man smiled and added. "He did not die for nothing, my dear elf…he died for you." Legolas was pulled from the man. Those words; spoken with that smile, was enough to shatter the will to fight the prince had found in anger. And as his captors cut the rope that bound his hands, and re tethered them behind his back he did not fight. He did not care if he was bound or not. He had wished that his attack would have provoked the man; maybe just enough to end his life. That was all he wanted now. Legolas, son of Thranduil, Prince of Mirkwood, wished now for death! But he knew as well as any one that he would not find death from these men, not yet at least. His life was worth more to them then it was to him at this moment. "Stop wallowing, any way, it was over a day ago. And we are so close to your home." The man, his captor, stepped closer to the prince. "Are you not happy to be so close to seeing your Adar? " "Vile edan! " Legolas hissed. Yet he could say no more. His pain he felt at the loss of Estel was pushed aside as the reason behind the prince's capture, and his friends death, was pointed out. "We will be there soon, elf, do not worry. I think our message should be sent out now, though." The man snapped his finger, and another human was at his elbow, Legolas kept his eye on his tormentor. He was still held firmly by the men that had rebound him, so when the man came closer still the elf prince could not step back. "But we should send something to the King to understand that we alone do not wish to see him, but that his son does as well." He grinned again, his eyes searched over the elf before him, looking for something to send with the messenger. "Awe, take his bow, and this." Before Legolas could move the man took his knife and cut a lock of golden hair from his head. At the pure outrage upon the fair face, the man laugh all the louder, and the others around the meager camp, who were watching their leader with there captive, laughed with him. "You will regret this, human, my King does not take kindly to being threatened or blackmailed in to submission." Legolas spat. The man turned and dispersed the messenger. Then with a small smile the man turned back to his captive. The man; until now, was cruel and harsh, his voice was always loud when taunting his victim or harsh when punishing them, him , he corrected. So the soft look that came into those black eyes, and the false sympathy that was behind the smile, unnerved the elven prince. More so then he would have ever admitted. The man brought his fingers to the elf's pale cheek, and trailed it down as he spoke. "You think of your King's reaction to my message, but my dear prince, I am sending the message not to your king." Legolas, to stunned by the words and the touch just stared at the man, "Though they be the same person, I am sending my message to your father . And my message is nothing any father can ignore, be he king or peasant." He paused, and his touch lingered for a moment then his hand dropped and he came to be even closer, Legolas unconsciously backed against the men that held him. "The blood of his son will be used to pull him to me, and your life will be taken to spare his. You, his only son, so noble, so true will die to spare him death. Then my revenge will be complete, for the depth of pain you feel for your friend will not compare to the pain of the father, grieving for his son." "No!" Came the whispered reply, Legolas wanted scream the word, but the horror they brought stop it at a whisper. "Yes, prince, you see he can not die, he is the King of his realm, you know this, your people need him, not their prince, but their King, you will have no choice but to die, it is your duty. He knows this. As a king he requires such a sacrifice, but as a father, it is unthinkable. How it will torture him." He smiled more. Legolas shook his head. "No!" He said, his voice was louder but still he could not find the strength to back up the denial. And again the man smiled, "Yes! You love him to much to see him die, not like Estel; you can not allow anyone else to die for you, can you? You have lost your friend; you can not lose your father. Your love, your compassion will be my means of revenge." "How do you know I will do it? How do you know I will die as you say? What if I don't?" Legolas said. His desperation could not be hidden in the casual remark. His captor laughed. Legolas let go of all his pride and went on. "What if when he comes I am not so noble? " The man stopped laughing, and Legolas swallowed, "What if I beg him to save me? What would you do then human, when I do not die for him willingly? Killing me, as I plea to live would not exact the type of revenge you seem to be after." The man's smile disappeared; he reached out and griped the elf's throat. "You would not do that, Legolas, because if you do, you both are dead, I know the ways of elves, there is a strong chance he will die from grief, but he may live, would you chance sending your country to ruin?. Could you allow that to happen?" That was all he needed to say, he saw how that simple answer silenced the elf before him. Legolas turned his eyes away. He could not look at the man. He felt his heart being shattered all over again. There is nothing I can do! The man, pleased that he had finally silenced the elven prince for the moment, called out to the camp to pack up and disperse. They were moving out. His men traveled light and they did not need more then a few moment to gather there meager belongings and lined up for the long march that day. Smiling to himself the dark man motioned for the men to bring the elf and the group head out, always in the direction of the Mirkwood gates. Legolas, his thoughts in a blur, was pushed to walk along with them, yet he scarcely had any awareness to his surroundings. He felt all the anger he had a moment ago start to subside and the heart ache return. So he trudged along in complete submission. He did not struggle, nor did he speak. His thoughts were on two beings. One his father, who he prayed with all his might would not come tomorrow night; and at the same time wanted nothing more then to have the elf right there next to him at this very moment. The other, was Estel, his friend who he knew he would never see again. His friend that would never journey with him in peril or pleasure, a friend that he would never have at his back during a battle; he would never again be at the receiving end of one of the ranger's many pranks. They would never laugh together again. They had always been able to face anything, anything, as long they were together; they had promised each other that no matter what would happen to them, they would always make it back; together, or not at all. But not this time; Estel was gone, he would never come back. They would never be together again. And the realization brought the ache in his chest to rise to his throat. Closing his eyes to the nightmare he was in, Legolas thought back to how it all began. Estel and he had been returning from Laketown. In his current grief Legolas could not remember why they had gone anymore. It all seems so unimportant in the light of Estel's death. They did what they had been there to do and were returning home. They were not in a hurry, both of them enjoying being out in the wild anyway, so they kept there pace slow. It was a four day journey to the protected borders of Mirkwood from Laketown, and they expected to take advantage of Legolas's lack of