Genre: Friendship/Romance Rating: M (Nudity, coarse language, sexual situations). Ships: Sirius Black/OFC. As usual, I don't let her take over the story. Disclaimer: The Harry Potter universe belongs to J.K. Rowling, Warner Brothers, Scholastic Books, and a number of other entities. "Werewolves of London" was composed by LeRoy Marinell, Waddy Watchel, and Warren Zevon, and recorded by Warren Zevon for Asylum Records. Kia Gaffikin, Jamie Clark, and the story itself are my creation. This story also contains excerpts from "The Warlock's Hairy Heart" and "The Tale of the Three Brothers." Synopsis: Remus discovers where Sirius is hiding and invites him to spend Christmas at his house with a long-lost friend. Dedications: To Jordan and to Wings. Christmas Interrupted Twilight was falling. The clear sky was growing darker by the moment as the bitter wind blew swiftly from the north. A black, shaggy dog ventured out of his cave, surveying the wintry world around him with his silvery-gray eyes. Hogsmeade stretched below him-blanketed with new fallen snow. The windows of her many shops and houses glowed warmly in the distance, as did the windows of the castle on the horizon. He could hear the carolers, could see the lights and the decorations, and knew it was Christmas time. But exactly when the holiday would fall he did not know. He thought about Harry, and although the boy was safe at school, at least for the time being, the circumstances surrounding his involvement in the Triwizard Tournament bothered him more than he cared to admit. He worried about Remus too. The full moon had been but a few nights ago, and he wondered how it had affected him. Was Snape continuing to brew the Wolfsbane potion for him? Or was he being forced to undergo the painful transformations he had in his youth? Suddenly, in the distance, he heard someone calling his name. Not his given name either. His nickname. His Marauder name. "PAAADD-FOOT! PAAAAD-FOOT!" Sirius looked down, and saw a man in a worn black cloak walking at the base of the mountains. It was Remus! He barked, then ran to greet him as any dog would greet his master: by jumping up on him. Remus hugged him, rubbing him behind the ears. "There you are!" he said, for the benefit of any potential onlookers. "I've been looking for you everywhere; I've been so worried! Let's get you home and out of the cold, okay boy?" Sirius suddenly felt the need to speak to Remus in private. He stepped down, tugged at his cloak, then led him up through the rocks and into his hiding place, where Buckbeak was napping contentedly. After looking briefly around, he assumed his human form. "I appreciate your invitation, Remus," he said. "But I really can't accept it." "Why not?" Remus asked. "You would do the same for me." "Of course I would," Sirius said. "But I don't want you to put yourself in any danger on my behalf." "There's no danger," Remus assured him. "The house has been charmed, and nobody knows you're an animagus around here except me, the kids, and Dumbledore…" "And possibly Snape," Sirius reminded him. "Snape doesn't know," Remus said. "I have Dumbledore's word on that." Sirius thought for a minute. "What about Buckbeak?" he said. "I owe him my life, and I don't want to risk…" With a swish and a flick, Remus transformed Buckbeak into a small statue of an owl, which he pocketed in his cloak. "Problem solved," he said simply. "We'll change him back once we get to the house." Sirius still looked reluctant. "Its your pride, isn't it?" Remus said. It was more of a statement than a question. "Your thick-headed, pure-blood pride!" "No." "Then prove it! Come home with me!" Sirius didn't say anything. He just shook his head. "Sirius Orion Black!" Remus snapped. Sirius growled. He hated it when people used his middle name, which was also his father's given name. Remus sighed. "You did so much for me when I was in school. Both you and James. The least I can do is take you home with me and get you out of the cold." Sirius opened his mouth to protest, but Remus spoke first: "Chicken and dumplings tonight," he tempted. "You know, those fluffy dumplings that float to the top, like Mrs. Potter used to make. And a stuffed goose for Christmas, with cranberries and candied yams and suet pudding and chocolate and lemon tarts…everything you like." Sirius was stunned. "I…can't believe you went to all of this trouble for me." he said. "Well, I did!" Remus snapped. "And if you waste my efforts, I'll be very upset." He hated to admit it, but Remus had worn him down, even before the ominous warning. The thought of a warm house, good food, and a comfortable bed was extremely tempting. And he was hungry for human companionship. Particularly the company of his friend. "Okay," Sirius said. "You win." Remus beamed as Sirius assumed his canine form. He allowed his friend to put a leash around his neck, then followed as he led him out of the cave and down the rocky slopes until they came to the road. They walked for a mile and a half and finally came to a row of connected houses on the outskirts of Hogsmeade. They were older, and a bit run-down, but to Sirius they looked like Heaven… Sirius waited while Remus fumbled for the keys, unlocked the door, and led him inside. Once the door was safely closed and locked, he assumed his human form as Remus transformed Buckbeak. The two-level house was small, but homey. A fire burned in the hearth, warming up the entire room, and Sirius spied something glowing in the corner by the door. A Christmas tree! It had been so long since he'd seen one that he had almost forgotten they existed. The wondrous smell of stewing chicken drew him into the kitchen like a magnet. He grabbed the cooking spoon and began to eat straight from the pot. "It isn't quite done yet," Remus said. "I don't care…I'm hungry," Sirius said between bites. "Here," said Remus, grabbing the spoon away from Sirius and ladling some of the stew into a bowl. "I still have to add the vegetables and make the dumplings, but this should tide you over. In the meantime, the bathroom's over there," he pointed to a door off the kitchen, "in case you need to use it, or maybe take a hot bath to warm your bones." A hot bath? It had been ages since he'd had one! Ravenously, he finished what was in the bowl, then went into the bathroom. It was small, but clean. A fire burned brightly in the blue gas wall heater. Fluffy towels and washcloths hung on the rack, and a wide variety of soaps, shampoos, deodorants, toothpastes, and mouthwashes had been placed on the counter. "Oh come off it, Remus! I'm not that niffy!" he barked good-naturedly. "Actually, you are!" Remus retorted from the kitchen. "But I won't hold it against you." Sirius laughed softly. He turned on the hot water, added some soap, then stripped off his prison uniform, which he left in a wad beside the toilet. Carefully, he eased into the water. It was hot enough to bite, but not to scald. Exactly how he liked it! He took a deep breath, allowing his muscles to relax. Then he smeared soap on a washcloth, scrubbed his skin with relish, and then shampooed his hair; rinsing, repeating, and changing the water several times. When he was satisfied with the results, he got out of the tub and dried off, wrapping one towel around his loins and using another to dry the tangled mop on his head. Vigorously, he brushed his teeth, gargled, and ran a comb through his hair before he slipped into the red sleep pants, black bathrobe, and slippers that awaited him. "Come on in," he heard Remus say. "He's in the bathroom…he should be out in a minute." Who was he talking to? Sirius wondered. Harry perhaps? Or maybe Dumbledore? Sirius opened the door, walked through the kitchen, then stopped cold… " Kia?" he said in disbelief. "Hello Sirius," she said calmly. "Its been a long time." It had indeed. There were strands of silver in her long ebony hair, and her face seemed a bit worn. Particularly around her eyes, as if she'd spent too much time worrying and not enough time sleeping. But she was still as lovely as ever. "I just remembered," Remus said, grabbing his cloak. "I need to run into Hogsmeade for some suet, and Hagrid asked me if I'd share a pint with him at the Three Broomsticks. It may be awhile before I get back, so please don't wait up for me." With that, Remus was out the door, leaving Sirius at a loss for words. He sat down in an armchair, rested his head in his hands, and an awkward silence ensued… It wasn't that he didn't want to see her. He did, very badly, even though he had told Remus otherwise. As usual, Remus had seen right through him. But…he knew she had suffered enough on his account. He didn't deserve her, and he certainly didn't want to cause her anymore pain. "Do you want me to leave?" she asked quietly. He glanced up, and saw that her eyes were filling with tears. It seemed like no matter what he said or did, he would end up hurting her. He couldn't bear to see her weep, couldn't bear to be the one who caused it. And to be honest, he couldn't bear for her go, now that she was here. He shook his head. "You don't have to," he replied. Again he buried his face. He began to tremble beneath the burden of the past thirteen years, hoping he would not break down in her presence. But when she knelt before him, gently touching his cheek, his resolve crumbled. Before he realized it, he was in her arms, shaking and weeping silently while she held him, kissing him and stroking his back. "Its okay, love, its okay," she whispered. "Let it out, love, let it all out…" "Ki…I'm so sorry…so sorry for…" "Ssh…you don't have to say it…its going to be all right…" She continued to hold him, rocking him back and forth, until he was finally spent. Somehow, he felt lighter, as if some of the weight had been lifted from his shoulders. "Are you hungry?" she asked. Sirius nodded. "Come on, then. I'll feed you." At Kia's insistence, Sirius allowed her wait on him. She placed a bowl of chicken and dumplings, some homemade bread, and a slice of treacle tart in front of him, then went to serve herself. "Tuck in," she said. "I'll be there in a minute." She didn't need to tell him twice. He was starved! He hardly spoke until after he had finished the last bite of treacle tart. "Is this Mrs. Potter's old recipe?" he asked, after they finished. "It tastes exactly like hers used to. " "Actually, its Molly Weasley's," Kia replied. "She may have shared it with Molly at some point, but if I remember correctly Effie didn't do that very often." "Ah yeah!" Sirius remembered. "She was a great lady…the best cook there ever was!" They were quiet for awhile. Buckbeak, who had just eaten the boiled chicken bones and a large package of ground beef that Kia had given him, was sleeping in the corner, taking up a goodly share of the small sitting room. "He's beautiful," Kia said. "Where did you get him?" "Long story," Sirius replied. "For now lets suffice to say that Harry rescued us both." "Harry Potter?" Kia asked. "The one," Sirius replied, pride creeping into his voice. "He looks…and acts…just like James. Except he has Lily's eyes, and her sweet disposition." "So they've told me," Kia smiled. The smile faded