Hey everyone! So I know this isn't the update you were probably expecting. I've decided to start a story about all the previous victors, starting with the first and so forth. It's not going to be updated regularly, just whenever I hate time and inspiration. Stars is still my priority and I assure you I'm working very hard on it. But writing should be fun, and writing this was very fun. I hope you like it. "Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting" Napoleon Hill "I don't get it mom." I question across the hardwood table that dominates our living room. "Shouldn't there be peace now that the war is technically over? Now that the dark days are over?" I immediately think of my father. He was one of the best soldiers District One had to offer; he was skilled in unarmed combat, military strategy and damn did he have good aim. But he's dead, just like everyone else who openly rebelled. "It's a punishment sweetie." She leans back into the couch and sips her mimosa. Despite losing the war, or whatever you want to call it, District One is still doing pretty well for itself. Better than Thirteen. I push the thought of so much death aside. "This is their way of puffing their chest and making everyone scared. I give it ten years before it blows over and people realize how stupid it is." "Walk me through this one more time. Please?" I admit, I wasn't really listening to her when she explained it. "You called it the Hunger Games?" She nods. "Bottom line is, they're forcing a boy and girl between 12 and 18 to go into this arena and wait until only one remains. Then that person gets super rich. At least that's the general understand of it. The Capital is making a huge deal about it and is making it required viewing material. Couldn't imagine why." She kicks off her slippers and tucks her feet into the couch like it's not a big deal. "I'm 17! You're saying I could be picked!" My palms immediately feel clammy and hot. "Well technically I guess so. The older you are the more times they put your name in the lotto. They choose by random selection of course. However, there have been rumors that you can volunteer if you want." She sips again nonchalantly. "Who would do such a ridiculous thing!" Yeah really, who would want to fight to the death on live TV? "Any way they're choosing who gets to participate tomorrow, you have to go. Promise you'll wear something nice? I don't want those ass holes down the road to think we've lost our class just because we were on the wrong side of this war." Mom's never been too fond of the Duncan's. They sided with The Capital and betrayed the district when things got serious. They chose wisely I guess. "I promise." "Hello District One." A military Capitalite dressed in class A's stands before everyone. The entire district has gathered here, it's quite incredible how few of us there are compared to what there were. Nearly everyone is short a parent and those who have both are definitely missing an aunt or uncle. This is such bullshit propaganda. "As you know I've been sent here to select the tributes for the very first Hunger Games. Personally I wanted to call you sacrifices, but the bigwigs decided on tribute. Any way let's get down to it shall we?" The man with his dark leather boots makes echoes through the otherwise silent arena. Two glass bowls filled with countless names stand before him. He goes to each and pulls a name out. With a low sonorous voice he speaks. "Tysha Duncan." I grin at the irony, the youngest Duncan girl, I think thirteen, gets dragged to the stage. She barks that her family loves The Capital so much. Serves them right for abandoning us all. "And Jeremiah Grey." My heart stops. What. This has got to be a joke. People stare at me and people back away from me as though I'm contagious. I can't bring myself to move or function until a man wearing The Capital's military insignia starts towards me. I'd rather walk than be pushed. Once I reach stage I shake hands with Tysha and get shuffled into another building. Mom enters a few minutes later alone. "They said I only get a few minutes with you so I'm going to be brief. I need you to listen to every word I say understand." She speaks with the same precision that I would expect from one of the most notorious mastermind's behind the District's rebellion. "They called it the Hunger Games for a reason Jeremiah. Play the game. Be their pawn and do whatever they tell you to do. If they paint you as a nice guy be a nice guy, if they want you to look like a big man they act the part. Nothing The Capital does is coincidence, including naming this bullshit." Her words are exact, but not harsh. Mom always knew how to speak and think. Dad was the man of action, but mom she was the power behind the throne. "When was the last time you picked up a spear or a bow? I know your father was prepping you to join the army before he died." She almost trips up mentioning his death but she very eloquently powers through. "Tiber and I spar all the time." I say as coolly as she speaks to me. "Excellent. You might be one of the only people going into this arena that knows how to fight. Use it." My eyes widen. "Mom, are you suggest that I-" "I'm not suggesting it, I'm telling you. If you want to survive this kill anyone who seems like they can fight. District Two always had a very heavy military presence, District Thirteen is gone or I'd tell you to watch out for them too. But you're from District One. You will come back to me my beautiful boy." She hugs me in an unexpected sign of affection, even so far as kissing me on the forehead. "I love you." "I love you too. I'll be back." The week spent in the Capital goes by in a blur. I do as my mom commands and push aside my personality to play the game, to be who they want me to be. After the chariot rides I was designated as one of the threats, so naturally once training started I began to flex a little bit and try to scare the other tributes. Tysha has avoided me at every turn, to which I am grateful. Nobody really talks, a few people have clearly paired up with the district partner but no one seems to stray too far from that. One night we were each called into a room to privately show our talents. I grabbed some spears and threw them the best I could before sparring with a trainer. Some tributes scored as low as a 1, such as the little girl from Twelve, Tysha managed a 4. On the other end of the spectrum the girl from Two scored a 10 as did the boys from Four and Eight. The boy from Two got a 9 making them the highest ranked District. But I guess I impressed them most, I was the only tribute to score an 11. The following night we were interviewed on live television. Tysha went first and wowed the crowd with her knowledge of the Capital, kissing ass like her family always does. When it was finally my turn I let the interviewer, a man named Lucan, talk me up. He bolsters my already substantial reputation as one of the front runners. Again, I do my best to sound confident, cocky, self assured. The audience buys my act wholehearted. I consider myself lucky mom taught me how to use my tongue for something other than girls. It's clear that some of the other tributes had no idea what was going on. The girl from Two, Claudia, came across as strong mentioning her father's military background. The boy from Four, Lakeland, brought up his expertise as a fisherman, revealing his talents a little too early. The boy from Eight, Marker, tells everyone about his past as a petty thief. The boy from Eleven burst into tears the second he reached stage, but in his defense so did a few others. That night was spent shoving my face with as much food as possible, carbohydrate stacking as it were. It was the most fun I'd had since leaving One. But all good things must come to an end. "This is your tracker. So we can keep tally on your vitals and location." A gruff woman jams a large needle into my arm, strangely I feel nothing. Again the boy from Eleven cries as she forces it into his arm. The hovercraft ride is silent. Across from me sit people I couldn't pull out of a line up, but they're my competition. I try to memorize as much about them as possible, but decide against it, it's better if I don't know them personally, makes doing my duty that much easier. It only takes a half an hour to land and again we're all shuffled away. I'm met by a man who doesn't speak to me directly only to the air around me. He directs me to a smaller chamber where I strip and put on a uniform of rubber soled boots, denim jeans, and a sturdy jacket. Apparently we have a uniform. Lovely. When I zip my jacket I understand why. There's a giant florescent '1' practically glowing green on the front. "Get in the tube." My impulse is to tell him to ask nicely but mom's words echo in my mind. Play the game. "Of course." The clear tube closes around me and suddenly I'm moving up. Rain. Steady cold fucking rain. And a giant golden horn filled with crates and weapons nearby. I can only assume that The Capital wants us to make a good show of the first few minutes. A giant digital clock starts ticking back from 60 and I start to commit everything to memory. Stone, nothing but stone. Low walls and parapets everywhere, a few towers topped with flags waving in the cold rainy breeze. A fucking castle. How original . I swivel on my pedestal and see four main towers in the distance connected by a very large wall, probably the edge of the arena. Many smaller towers zig and zag within, above, under, and around each other. Drawbridges either up or down here and there. The occasional portcullis, most open. Even above me a stone walkway leading from bum fuck no where to shit hole city. Next to me are two tributes I don't recognize but identify by their jackets and genders. The boy from Five and the girl from Nine. Neither left any impression on me. I glance at the clock. Ten seconds left. I find Tysha far away from me but next to Claudia. Marker no where to be found. Lakeland is only 3 spots away from me, conflict with him seems likely. As the clock hits zero no one moves. A few nervous glances are exchanged, none of us really know what to do. It's not like we can hit rewind and check out what people did last time. Play the game. I tentatively step down. The ground around me doesn't explode so I burst into a sprint towards the cornucopia. By the time I've reach a pack of spears and hiked a pair of backpacks on my shoulders most tributes are still barely moving, a few approaching with the same speed and determination I had, such as Lakeland. As much as it pains me when he starts to approach I pull my arm back and