Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, dialogue, quotes, et cetera related to the Twilight Saga are the property of Stephenie Meyer and or the property of their respective owners. Play on lyrics of Constant Craving belongs to K.D. Lang and Ben Mink. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. The original plot is the property of the author. Also this is my fictional version of Forks to help suit the story better and has no reflection on the real town of Forks, Washington whatsoever. Summary: As the son of a devout pastor, Carlisle was brought up to believe who he is and what he truly craves is a horrendous sin. When a sexy southern gentleman walks into his emergency department, will he continue to keep his true self hidden or will he finally be given a reason to give into to his constant cravings? Carlisle/Jasper. AU/OOC/AH. CPOV. Rated M- for Lemons/Language/Slash. A/N: A tremendous amount of gratitude to my lovely beta the very talented abbymickey24; if you enjoy non-canon please check out her stories, she's fabulous. A very special thank you to Nic for starting my love of slash, I miss you my dear friend. Also a heartfelt thank you and much flove to my sisters/cheerleaders/partners in crime: Misty, Brandi and Cricket for all their help and encouragement along the way and talking me off the ledge when Eli was becoming too much for me to deal with, sad when you want to smack the shit out of your own character. With that being said Eli's beliefs are not of my own and I had an extremely hard time allowing him to voice them. Just a heads up: Back in 2014 this started out as a one-shot that took on a life of its own. When I first got the plot bunny to write this it was never meant to turn into a multi-chapter, it was suppose to be just a smutty little one shot. Then Carlisle decided to add way more plot than smut, dang him. This is just the way Carlisle wanted his story to be told, I tried to fight him on it, though in the end he got his way. So I did my best to break it up into chapters and you'll find that they'll vary in length. One more thing, speaking of said sexy doctor; I'm not a doctor nor do I play one on television, so on that note please don't take any of the medical aspects of this story to heart as it's all loosely researched.. Thank you and I hope y'all enjoy Carlisle's story... Dedicated to Brad Wade; gone, but never forgotten. ~o0o~ ~Chapter 1~ Introduction of Dr. Carlisle Cullen M.D. ~ Carlisle's point of view ... Sitting at my desk with a chart of lab results before me, tapping my pen absent-mindedly I stare unseeingly out my office window as a cascade of raindrops chase one another down the glass. The distant rumble of thunder does nothing to pull me out of my rumination as I reflect back on my life. For the past forty-four years I've spent the majority of my life in the closet. On a few occasions I've allowed a small handful of trusted people to know my true sexuality and they guard my secret well. Being born and raised in the small town of Forks, Washington wasn't always easy. I knew I couldn't come out to my family or friends and if the topic of homosexuality ever came up it was always addressed in a harsh tone. Back then I didn't have the internet to seek out information, there was no such thing as a support group, and I knew I couldn't even trust talking to the school guidance counselor as he was a faithful member of my father's congregation. It was a truly frightening, confusing and down right lonely time in my life. I lost my mother Carlie when I was six-years-old to fetal dystocia or what is better known as neglected obstructed labor. The doctor on-call that night misdiagnosed my mother's prolonged labor. He didn't realize in time that my baby brother was in the wrong position and was stuck behind her pelvic bone and couldn't be born vaginally. It put too much strain on the both of them, and in the end she hemorrhaged and bled out which lead to my baby brother suffering from asphyxiation causing him to be stillborn. To know now that a cesarean section could have saved the both of them upsets me greatly. I was utterly devastated when I woke that morning and was told my mother and baby brother were never coming home and they had gone to live with the angels. Their death was taken hard by all who knew and loved my mother. What hazy memories I have of her are filled with love, compassion and understanding. She never had a bad word to say about anyone and was always the first to help when someone was in need and empathetic of others. My father Eli was never the same after losing them both and grew colder over time. Instead of embracing me as his only son, he kept and continues to keep me at arms length. I know he still loves me to some extent, though he rarely shows it anymore. No matter how callous he can be, it doesn't stop me from loving him; after all he's my father and the only family I have left now. From the day my father lost my mother he never allowed another woman into his heart; he just deeply immersed himself into his congregation. Undeniably, Pastor Eli Daniel Cullen is a God-fearing, intolerant man with a harsh view of the world. He comes from a long ancestral line of Anglican pastors and I was destined to follow along in his footsteps before the day I was born. My father wasn't the only one sharing and spreading the word of God, he's only one of many in this little conservative town. Forks happens to be eminently diverse in religion with a grand total of twelve churches to worship in and they all share the same belief that who I am is a filthy sin; a sodomite. As time passed I realized I didn't have my father's passion for religion or his particular brand of faith. Don't get me wrong I still believe a higher deity exists along with having a strong belief in spirituality. It's just how can I rightfully preach a religion that has labeled me a sinner from my very first breath. To my father's utter disappointment I found myself interested in medicine after spending a summer with my mother's parents. I revered my maternal grandfather and namesake; Carlisle McCandless and chose to follow in his footsteps right into the medical field to become a trauma surgeon. I wanted nothing more then to save lives and uphold the Hippocratic Oath. With my father's disgruntlement over my career choice I knew if he ever found out my true sexuality he would do far worse then just disown me. Growing up, I knew for sure by the time I was seven I wasn't like the other boys; I just couldn't comprehend to what extent at the time. I enjoyed hanging out with the guys, catching frogs, getting muddy, swapping baseball cards and doing all the stuff young boys do. Yet, I had no interest in girls or anything to do with them whatsoever. By middle school I was becoming more confused when I came to the realization that I was truly different. The other boys were smitten and attracted to all the blossoming girls and chasing after them like a bunch of lovesick fools with their tongues hanging out, while I found no attraction to them at all. No I was more curious about the growing bulge in Conner's pants and how when he smiled it made my stomach flutter. When I reached high school I understood without a doubt that my sexual orientation wasn't the same as the other guys and it terrified me beyond words. There was no one I could confide in and it didn't help matters that we were all brought up with the belief that it was a horrendous unforgiveable sin to lay with another man. I knew if any of my classmates found out my true sexuality I'd be instantly ostracized. Which lead to my biggest fear in high school, having to spend time in the P.E. locker room; it was always the worst torment of all. I didn't dare raise my eyes from the tiled floor and I'd pray to God my body wouldn't react to the sights of all the naked hard bodies that surrounded me. The next challenge was dating. Thankfully while the rest of the male students were doing their best to get in all the girls panties I was considered to be the goody-two-shoes preacher's son. The nerdy bookworm that cared more about academics than crawling in-between some cheerleader's legs to get his dick wet. When I wasn't studying I kept busy volunteering at our local hospital, helping out around the emergency response service and doing different community services around town. At the end of my senior year I was elated when all my hard work had paid off. I graduated with honors and was chosen valedictorian of my class. However, none of that compared to receiving a full scholarship to the University of Washington to study pre-medicine. I was even more ecstatic when I learned that my maternal grandfather had left me a hefty trust fund to pay for medical school and still have enough left over to help me throughout my residency training. Most of all I was beyond deliriously happy that I was finally going to be leaving this narrow-minded town behind me. My college days were by far the best days of my life. My dorm mate, Liam, was here on a student visa from Ireland. With us sharing a room it didn't take either of us very long to realize we were both attracted to men, even more so to each other. So between classes, studying, volunteering and part time jobs, and behind our locked dorm room door we were all hands, lips, mouths and cocks; we couldn't get enough of one another. We soon fell in love, shared many firsts together and with the both of us coming from extremely religious families we were more then happy to share the closet together too. Unfortunately Liam had to return to Ireland when his student visa expired. We both knew our relationship could never withstand that much distance, so shortly after our graduation and with heavy hearts we parted goodbye with a tender kiss. We've sporadically kept in touch through email and Skype over the years; he's now happily working at his own pediatrics practice along with his partner, Seán. I stayed in Seattle and did my residency at the University of Washington Medical Center with the goal of specializing in trauma surgery. I was in the second year of my emergency medicine rotation when I met Peter from the Hematology lab. He was tall and lean, with pale blond hair and baby blue eyes, seven years my senior, openly gay and a sexy sort of cocky know-it-all who was always spouting off some perverted remark. After several months of ceaseless flirting Peter finally talked me into his bed where it surprised me to find out his personality didn't follow him into the bedroom. Peter was more then happy to allow me to take control and loved to be topped. Thankfully he was also supportive of my choice to remain closeted and did his best to understand my situation. Peter knew I would be disowned if my father ever found out about my true nature and it made him even more grateful to his 'Hippie' parents and