I know I'm like a decade late, but I've recently jumped aboard the Aralas train and needed to write my own fic! LOL This story is actually a combination of my idea for a novel I'm working on and wanted to test-run in fic form and from the very short sequel J.R.R. Tolkein started for Lord of the Rings titled, you guessed it, A New Shadow! And as such, I do not own these characters, he does. (Except for my original charcters obviously!) I hope you enjoy! Please read and review! I need to know if I should bother continuing it! As the morning light began to stream through the curtains in the Royal Bedchamber, the King of Gondor and Anor did little to suppress his groan. His troubled mind wanted nothing more than a few extra hours of rest, especially after the eventful week he had just had. Seven years had passed since he was crowned and he was pleased to discover that despite his initial reluctance, ruling came natural to him. Of course it has never been easy; being responsible for an entire kingdom and its people is no small burden, but it is one he has managed to bear wisely, justly, and compassionately so far. By defeating Sauron and claiming his right to the throne, he was able to bring a long-awaited peace to the land….or so he thought. As of late, for reasons he knew not, that peace was being disturbed. In the past month alone, more robberies, altercations, and even murders have taken place in Gondor than at any other point in his reign. The cells were currently filled with criminals still awaiting his judgment, more guards had been placed within the streets and the King's House, all the while Aragorn, his Consort and his Council are trying to come up with a means for restoring order. As can be imagined, sleep has been eluding him on most nights. If not for his husband, he probably wouldn't be getting any sleep at all. Speaking of which, Aragorn was disappointed by the absence of another body against his own. The King of Men raised his arms in a stretch before turning on his side to look at his Consort. The elf lay on the far opposite side of the large bed, his pale back facing the man and long silky hair strewn about his pillow in wonderful disarray. Aragorn stared at the steady rise and fall of his husband's ribs, indicating that the blond was still lost in sleep. It had been odd at first, watching the elf sleep. Elves don't need to sleep like humans do; but then again, Legolas was not the typical elf. He chose a mortal life in order to be with Aragorn - a choice the man did not wish for him to make but he did so nonetheless- and as such, he now required sleep. During the quest, the elf hardly ever rested. On a few occasions, Aragorn watched as he had slipped into reverie, his eyes glazing over as he took the time to restore the strength in his body and mind. For someone who was not familiar with the ways of the elves, it would've been a strange sight indeed. However, the sight had the opposite effect on Aragorn - it comforted him. Seeing his love at peace had offered him his own peace, especially during the times of turmoil and uncertainty that they had faced during the War of the Ring. But now, since giving up his immortality, the elf slept every night next to his husband. The fatigue had troubled him at first because it was a sensation he had rarely experienced in his long life. He tried fighting it until Aragorn convinced him that it was to be expected, and when he finally closed his eyes, it was Aragorn who became unsettled. Seeing his eyes closed in sleep only reminded him that one day, they would be closed in death. The thought of losing Legolas brought Aragorn back to the present, and slowly, he scooted his way to the middle of the bed before reaching out to wrap his arms around his husband's waist, one hand gliding up to a smooth chest, and pulling him close. Legolas hummed at the movement and placed a hand on top of Aragorn's, but didn't open his eyes. When the elf's back was pressed firmly up against the man's chest, Aragorn gave him a quick squeeze and nuzzled the hair at his neck. "Good morning, meleth ," the king whispered into a pointed ear, sending a shiver down the blonde's side. Legolas let out a quiet yawn before turning in the man's arms so that he could face him. When blue eyes met grey, both smiled warmly and the elf lifted his head to give his husband a chaste kiss on the mouth. "Good morning to you too, herven ," Legolas said as he wiped the sleep from his eyes. Aragorn placed a light kiss on the elf's forehead while gently stroking the smooth planes of his back. Legolas gave a contented sigh and then returned the embrace, closing his eyes once more and laying his head on his husband's broad chest. "Let us stay like this for the rest of the day," the man suggested, feeling the elf smile in response. "You know we cannot," Legolas chided, "or else we'll have a very disappointed son on our hands." At the mention of their son, Aragorn moved his hand from the elf's back down to his stomach and traced the thin scar from which their child had been brought into this world. Aragorn remembered that day all too well. Their son had been a blessing from the Valar; a precious gift given in gratitude for saving the free peoples of middle earth. After the initial shock of the pregnancy, came the joy, then after the joy, came fear. As Legolas's belly begun to swell, it suddenly hit Aragorn that the child would have to be cut out of his husband's body. He was afraid Legolas would not survive the surgery, or worse - that he'd have to choose between his spouse and his child. It seems loosing Legolas has always been his greatest fear. Luckily, his fears did not come to pass. Legolas was surrounded by capable elven healers, as well as the healing hands of his king, and made a quick recovery. Once he was assured his husband was well and alive, the joy that had left the man was returned. Their son, Eldarion, was their greatest source of pride and happiness. He was an exceedingly curious boy; his wide blue eyes always filled with wonder. He possessed a kindness more strong and pure than anyone Aragorn had ever known. At times, he exerted a wisdom that far surpassed his youth, spouting off phrases or advice that left his elders stunned. But best of all, he was affectionate. Not a day went by without him telling his parents he loved them and showering them with hugs and kisses. Neither of them could imagine a life without their precious five year old in it. He was well worth, or perhaps even more so, all the late nights, spit-ups and soiled cloths they had to endure. That was why Aragorn had decided earlier in the week to indulge the boy. For his safety, his parents never allowed him outside the city walls, but the elf in him had been longing to explore the lands beyond the city. With some convincing from Legolas, Aragorn decided the three of them would take a short camping trip in the nearby forests of South Ithilien. They would be traveling alone, as a family, despite the protests of their guards and Council. Aragorn trusted in his own abilities, as well as his husband's, to protect themselves should the need arise. After all, they had fought in and survived the greatest war Middle Earth had ever witnessed. In his place, Faramir, his most trusted friend, steward and advisor, would be in charge. All plans were in order, provisions mostly packed, and the trio was set to leave…today. "I had almost forgotten," the king grumbled, resting his forehead against the elf's. Hearing the hint of complaint in his husband's voice, Legolas drew his head back to give the man a stern look. "Don't be that way," he warned, "You promised him. Besides, this will prove to be a nice reprieve that the both of us are very much in need of." " Amin hiraetha ," Aragorn sighed, "I'm afraid I've grown too accustomed to soft beds. I won't deny I dread the thought of sleeping on a cold, hard ground again." Legolas laughed at the declaration, the sound of it bringing a smile to the king's face as well. "Becoming spoiled, are we, Ranger ?" the elf teased. "No more than you, elf!" the man quipped, once again capturing his husband in a tight embrace and bringing their lips together. "Ada! Papa!" The couple separated at the sound of their son's voice and then turned to watch the unruly mass of brown curls that struggled to climb up the sheets. They both chuckled when the boy made it on the bed, falling face-forward with his little hands clenched tightly in the sheets. When he righted himself, his cheeks were rosy from the effort and he flashed his parents a toothy grin before clambering over to join the pair. The small boy jumped into the space between the two and wrapped his tiny arms around the neck of his elven father, giggling all the while. "Careful, ion-nin ," Legolas chided as he cradled Eldarion to his chest. When Legolas let go, the boy then flung himself around Aragorn's neck, causing the man to let out a surprised "Ooof!" "Eldarion," Aragorn began, "What did your Ada just tell you?" The boy pulled away, having the decency to look slightly guilty. "Sorry, Ada. Sorry, Papa," he apologized, "I'm just really happy to see you!" The elf shook his head fondly. "Sweet boy, you see us every day." "I know! But today's a special day!" he exclaimed as he looked at his parents expectantly. There was a twinkle in Aragorn's eyes as he turned to his husband. "What could he possibly be speaking of, Legolas?" he asked. "Hhmm," Legolas goaded, "I'm not sure, meleth . It's certainly not his birthday. I distinctly remember that was three months ago." When the pair pretended to be looking thoughtful, Eldarion started to giggle. "No, silly! We're going camping!" "Oh?" Aragorn teased, "Who said?" "You said, Papa!" the boy replied, plopping down into the man's lap and poking him in the chest. "Ah, yes," said the king while ruffling his son's hair affectionately, "Now I remember!" "Well," began Legolas as he stepped out of bed, "If that's the case, then we had best be getting ready! Come, ion . Let's get you dressed." Aragorn smiled as the child scampered across the bed and lept into his husband's outstretched arms. He watched as the pair made their way into the adjoining room in which their son stayed, the boy chattering excitedly while the elf murmured his agreements. Reluctantly, the king, too, got up. He sifted through the garments in his wardrobe, pulling out a simple tunic and trousers before grabbing his traveling cloak. He ran his fingers over the elven broach that he had kept all these years. He recalled all the dangers and trials he had faced the last time he had worn it. As he heard his husband and son laughing in the next room, he hoped he wouldn't have to face such things again. Moric hastened to the tavern on the lower streets of Gondor, his cloak billowing behind him as he ran. When he arrived, he nodded to the guards that had recently been posted outside and made his way in. He scanned the room; as expected, there were not a lot