A/N I'm back again so soon this must be a record. If you didn't know I've started a new chapter based story a AlicexLeah pairing called Run please check it out. A song called 'Bartender' by The Royalty inspired this story. Big thanks to my beta Beetlebum101 for putting up with all my misplaced commas. I'm in love with the bartender , I said in my mind every time I saw her and tonight was no different. I'm in love with the bartender. I got caught up in watching her. She was great at what she did, she had a smile that broke hearts and a voice that could melt stone, but I didn't even know her name. I was too much of a coward to ask so I just watched her. "I can't believe he is here tonight. I'm not going to talk to him… I'm not," Rosalie repeated, talking again about her on-again, off-again boyfriend. I was just glad that when she stared at him, I could look at her . I glanced at the empty glass bottles with a smile. "Do you need another?" I asked Rose, already getting up out of the booth. She just nodded, checking her phone. I headed for the far end of the bar, knowing she would serve me. I paused, taking out some cash and holding it in my hand. She was busy chatting with another bartender. He was a messy-haired guy with a baby face and skinny jeans that were a tad too skinny. He talked his opinions loudly and openly – usually about gay things – in a flamboyantly gay manner. I found that rather interesting and a part of me wished I was more like him, to be able to live life for myself and say, 'fuck it,' to everyone else. I could hear him from where I stood as he poured drinks. "Don't tell me Sesame Street wasn't, like, the gayest street ever. And my parents wonder why I'm gay." She just laughed, shaking her head. Her eyes then connected with mine and she flashed a toothy grin. "Hey, baby, what you looking for?" She leaned over the bar. I forced myself to look her in the eye and not down her shirt, but my eyes followed her silver chain to a cross resting between her breasts and I gulped. Her shirt was torn down from neck to cleavage and the silver cross gleamed like a beacon of sin. My eyes flashed back to hers. "Two Coronas." Her mouth slanted into a line before flashing back to a smile. "You want a lime with that, baby?" She always called me baby and I never asked why. I just liked it and went with it. I guessed she did it with everyone so she didn't have to remember names. "You know it." I came here at least once a week; I would have thought she'd have it memorized. "Coming right up," she said, with a wink that made me swoon. She wore midnight black skinny jeans that matched her hair – that hair that looked like she just rolled out of bed or, 'freshly fucked hair,' as Rosalie would call it. She bent over to grab the beer from the fridge, never crouching, always bending from the hips. It gave the perfect view of her… assets that would have me pulling the labels off my bottles all night long. She placed the beers in front of me and I noticed that her hand always lingered for a second. I loved that she had a tattoo on her left wrist of a quarter moon. It was a simple, black outline and I always wanted to ask what it meant. "Thanks," I spoke, grabbing the bottles by the neck, the cold seeping into my palms. She took the money from the bar, looking it over quickly. We exchanged glances, the ones that made me fall in love with her a little bit more. The kind that made me want to wake up next to her and make her French toast on Sunday mornings. I returned to Rosalie, placing the beer on the table with a dull thud as she gave an exhausted sigh. "When are you going to ask her out?" Rosalie repeated for the hundredth time. I stared at my bottle, peeling the edge of the label with my thumbnail. "I told you, Rose, she doesn't like me. If she did, she would have asked me out." "Bullshit!" Rosalie slammed down the bottle, making the table shake. "You don't have any balls. You are ball-less. You are void of balls." "Yeah, I get it. I'm scared, okay? If she says no then I know for sure she doesn't like me. At least this way I live in a world where she likes me and doesn't like me at the same time." Rosalie rolled her head to face me, looking me in the eye with a harsh glare. "You aren't Schrodinger's fucking cat, you need to live in the now." "Like you and Emmett are any better," I spat back. "Hey, I know more than anyone that we have our problems. We are both hot-headed people." Rosalie picked up the bottle, pointing it at me before she took another swig. "But the sex is amazing ." She closed her eyes with a groan. I did not want to know what she was thinking about right now. I let my eyes go back to the bartender. She danced around the bar to the sort of blues/jazz music that was playing. I let my head fall against the back of the booth, as Rosalie continued to talk about Emmett. I had heard it all before so it went in one ear and out the other. "God, you need to get laid," Rosalie said. "Shut up, Rose." "Look at all the paper on this table." She gestured to the previous peeled-off labels that were now rolled up and littering the table. "I could write my fucking memoirs." That was the thing about Rosalie; she never met a fuck she didn't like. I let her continue. "Better yet, you can write your tales of a lonely virgin." "I'm not a virgin, Rose." I looked at her in disbelief. I knew that she knew I wasn't. "Ohh, really? How long has it been since you last did it?" I did not want to be having this conversation. "Like, a year? I don't know, I don't keep track." As I spoke, little drops of water hit me in the face and then I realized it wasn't water. Rosalie had flicked beer at me. "I now make you a born again virgin." "What the fuck, Rose? It isn't like a baptism." I wiped the spots beer from my face. "You can't just start proclaiming things to be true." "Go talk to her or I'll ask her to take your born again virginity." Knowing Rose, I knew she would do it, too. What would be the worst thing if I asked her out? She could say no and smash my heart in a thousand, tiny pieces. I weighed the options in my head, coming up empty again, so I did what I knew: I drank. I finished my beer so I could go and fall back into the brief moments of contact we had that made me feel a little bit less alone. Rosalie hadn't even finished but she was close so I didn't bother asking; she knew where I was going. There was no line at the bar and she saw me coming, leaning against the back of the bar, arms crossed over her chest. "Miss me already?" She said, as I rested my hands against the wood. "Ooooh, you know me; couldn't keep myself away." The banter always got bolder the more beer I had in my system. "Is it just because of me? Or because I am so conveniently located where all the beer is?" She leaned over the bar, getting so close she was almost whispering in my ear. I had a flash of a thought to just grab her by the collar and kiss her, smashing her lips into mine, while the whole bar cheered. But that was just a fantasy. I laughed, thinking of a witty come back. "It's a bit of both. I do enjoy two good things together for convenience; like the clock-radio or the spork." That made her giggle. "Two Coronas with lime?" She asked. "Hey, that's my line." I acted hurt. "Sorry," she laughed, running her hand along her jaw, almost wiping the smile from her mouth. "It's okay. And, yes, that's what I was about to order. I swear you could tell the future. Are you a mind reader?" "No such luck, but I can make two beers appear." She sauntered off to the fridge. As she got close, the other bartender with the skinny jeans nudged her with his hip and it looked like he was whispering something and they exchanged quiet glances. She frowned at him, shaking her head, no. The music was too loud to really hear anything they were saying. "Here you go, two beers." Her voice changed and the playful banter had somewhat disappeared. I held the money out and when she grasped it, the tips of our fingers overlapped for a split second. It was a sort of slight shock that made me jump and a blush appeared on my cheeks instantly from the embarrassment of being shocked by such a trivial thing. "Thanks," I whispered and turned around, beer in both hands, looking for Rosalie, only to see our empty booth with a bunch of empty bottles. As I scanned the rest of the bar I noticed Emmett was gone to. I put the beers back on the bar and checked my phone. One missed text from Rose: Couldn't help myself, left with Em. Grow some balls and ask the girl out. Part of me wondered if I should be concerned over Rosalie's obsession with the word balls . "Fuck," I muttered under my breath. "Something wrong?" She asked, as I tucked the phone back in my pocket. "My so called friend just abandoned me to go and sleep with her on-again, off-again boyfriend… and she was my ride." "That sucks." I stared at the two beers. "Do you want one of these?" I asked her. "Sorry, I can't. I'm still on shift for another fifteen minutes." She looked at the clock behind her on the wall. "What… What about after that?" I stuttered out, staring into the grain of the bar. "Sure, why not?" I looked up to meet her eyes and I wanted to ask really? But I also wanted to appear cool and in control. "Cool, I'll just wait here." I took a seat at the bar, tapping at the wood and taking small sips from my beer. It wasn't the kind of place I minded drinking alone. It was sort of a dive but I liked that it meant the beer was cheap and it was never very busy. I watched her as she filled orders, not overly staring but just noticing. She went over to a few guys about my age, taking their orders. She didn't call them 'baby' and wasn't overly chatty, but she was trying to finish up. One of the boys with slicked back, blond hair scribbled his number on a napkin and he handed it to her as he walked away. She walked up to this end of the bar, looking at the napkin and I had to imagine this happened a lot. I didn't want to be just another number on a napkin. She crumpled it up, throwing it in the trash. "Not the one?" I asked. She turned around, slightly surprised from my voice. "Not my type… if you know what I mean," she said with a wink, as she began to clear away glasses and bottles. I blushed