A/N Hey guys I'm back with a new chapter based story, I started this because I liked taking a look at Leah's character and this was just a funny idea that snowballed anyways I hope you all enjoy and big thanks to Beetlebum101 for being an amazing beta and an even better friend:] Chapter 1 – Run " I don't know what we're doing, I don't know what we've done. But the fire is coming So I think we should run." – Daughter – Run "Leah… Leah, you have to calm down." Sam's voice filled the air as I paced the field where we stood, trying to absorb the ridiculousness of the situation. If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes I never would have believed it. The slick grass, dampened with the morning rainfall, made each step glide. I couldn't stop my mind from reeling. I was just out for a run and now I don't control my own fate. I looked to my brother and he wasn't mad like me; he just seemed in shock. A fear filled his eyes and I instantly blamed Sam for that fear. I felt like he was taking away what little childhood Seth had left. "You don't have the right to tell me what to do, Sam!" He lost that right when he left me for my own cousin. I took a step towards him, pressing my hand against his chest and pushing him back. He only rolled his shoulder back. Paul, who stood to Sam's right, seemed to flare with anger, his bare chest heaving, his erratic breaths clouding the air. He stared at me, narrowing his eyes. I had known Paul my whole life; we grew up together and yet, I didn't know this man who stood in front of me. Is that what would happen to me? I'd become a lackey to Sam? Paul shivered notably as I pushed Sam again, who took the opportunity to grab my wrist when I got distracted looking over Paul. "Stop it," Sam grumbled, squeezing my wrist until I pulled it from his grasp. "Look at him," I gestured to Paul, who looked as if he was trying to control a panic attack. "He can't control himself. He's not even himself anymore." Sam and Embry looked at him but they were not surprised. I looked back to my brother, watching as he simply gulped. "He's still learning to control his instincts, Leah. It takes time." Sam's gravelly tone used to be calming but now it was just enraging. "I don't want to be one of you!" I screamed into the wilderness, continuing to pace. I felt like falling to my knees but I wouldn't show Sam that weakness. "I don't choose it; you and Seth show the signs: high fever… quick to anger…taller…bigger appetite. If you want to blame someone, blame the Cullen's. It is proximity to vampires that awakens the wolf gene." I threw my hands into my hair. Filthy vampires. Why would they do this to us? "Well, I will ask them to move before the change happens. Maybe I could stop it," I argued. "It's already begun, Leah. There is no stopping it." Sam punctuated the word, 'no,' his bare chest rising and falling drastically. "I can try." I couldn't just become a wolf and let them hear my thoughts; let this thing control who I am. I stalked back towards home, grabbing Seth by the arm of his jacket, tugging him out of his daze. "Leah!" Sam's voice echoed through the clearing. He jogged, easily catching up with us. "I won't let you go there unprotected. There are rules." "You don't control me, Sam," I bit back. Not yet , my subconscious added. Sam stopped following us as we cut into the tree line. A few silence filled minutes later we entered the small house looking for my mother. She was sitting on the couch; no TV, just waiting… waiting for this. "You knew about this?" I asked, appalled. My mother, my own mother, kept this from me. "Leah, calm down." She approached me and I covered my mouth, unsure of what to say. She rested her hand on my shoulder but it did little to calm me. "You did this to me. Not just me, to Seth, too. How… how could you?" I backed away from her. She could have told us; we could have left. "Leah, this is an honor. It's part of your ancestry. It connects you to our people." I breathed through my clasps hands. "Don't I get a choice? What if I don't want this?" "Life hands us a lot of things we don't choose, Leah. That's part of growing up." I can't believe she's going to give me this bullshit about life. "Yeah, and becoming a giant wolf, having to bow to an alpha and have a bunch of people know your thoughts and not get to choose who you love, is that part of growing up, too?" I rattled off the information I was given by Sam under an hour ago. My mind still denied the truth of what I was saying, even as I spoke the words aloud. I didn't let her reply, knowing it was useless. I just walked to my room, slamming the door behind me. I settled on the bed, crossing my arms over my chest and trying to take all this in. I took a deep breath. Why me? Why did I have to be the first female wolf? My thoughts moaned. It was odd, now knowing there was this dormant part of me… this wolf . Anger filled me again; I couldn't control it. It was like feeling my blood boil from the inside. I swiped at an old purple lamp on my bedside table, knocking it to the floor. It hit the ground with a loud crash, smashing the fragile ceramic body, which now lay in pieces on the floor. "Leah, what was that? Are you alright?" My mother's voice rang through the small house. I didn't answer. I just walked out of my room and down the hall, passing her on the way to the door. I stopped, about to grab a jacket, when I realized I don't even feel the cold anymore. "Leah… Leah, where are you going?" "Out," I said, opening the door, letting it fall closed as I jogged away. I just kept going until I was in a full run. I hit the beach within minutes, the dirt turning to stone under my feet, making it difficult to run so I changed to a walk. I always felt better outside. I closed my eyes, taking in the ocean air, but dangerous thoughts crept in. Did I really prefer being outside or was that the wolf side of me? I tried to think if I was always like this or if this was a new feeling, but I couldn't remember. So I just kept walking, thinking I would get tired but I never did. I got to Forks after thirty minutes and continued to where I thought the vampires lived. I cut into the woods just outside the city limits, climbing over roots and rocks, heading uphill, just following my instincts. It was almost like I was following an invisible compass. "Hey!" A male voice called out from above. I looked to the treetops, seeing nothing as the rustling of branches alerted me from behind. I turned quickly, not wanting him to get the upper hand. He dropped from the treetop, landing almost silently, which was impressive, considering his giant frame. "What you doing all the way out here?" He asked and I knew he must be one of them, judging by his golden eyes. "I was looking for you." "Well, don't I feel special." He held his hand over his heart. He took a step closer, becoming even larger as he flexed his biceps and looked down at me. "I'm not scared of you," I spoke firmly. He just huffed out a laugh. "What do you want?" "I want to talk to your leader." "We don't have a leader," he spoke, crossing his massive arms over his chest. "Then whoever makes your decisions!" My voice increased in volume and I tried to control myself. "Why?" "Because you control my future…" Maybe a bit dramatic, I thought, but still true. He looked confused and sniffed the air. "You are a wolf?" "Not yet." He seemed to mull it over for a minute. "I guess you better talk to Carlisle." He waved his hand for me to follow as he began walking through the woods. I caught up to him and we walked in silence for a moment, before I remembered him smelling the air. "Can you smell me? Do I smell different?" "You have hints of shifter stink. It's sort of bitter, but it's still mixed with your human smell." I tried not to dwell on that information or anything that would lead me to anger. "So, this Carlisle, he chooses what you guys do?" He was like their Sam, I thought oddly. "No. I mean, he pretends to be our dad and we listen to him, but we are a family. We choose things as a family." I snorted at the idea of vampires as family. "But you are a bunch of bloodsucking monsters. No offence," I added suddenly, reminded of who was next to me. "None taken. You know I didn't choose to be a monster any more than you chose to be a wolf. I just live with it the best I can." I was reminded of my mother telling me this was some kind of gift. I noticed the light coming up as we broke from the tree line, faced with a massive house. There were walls of windows, only separated by a thick piece of lumber that jutted out from the glass. "This is where you guys live?" I asked the massive vampire. "What were you expecting? Coffins and dungeons and moats?" He laughed. It probably would have been less surprising at this point. We climbed the two stairs to the porch and before he touched the door it flew open and a blond crashed into him. I took a step to the side, making some room. "Rose, what is it?' He cooed, stroking her golden hair. Vampires gathered at the door and the little one spoke first. "Emmett, where have you been? I couldn't see you." I catch some names as they continue to talk. "I was with the pup, she wants to talk." He nods to me and everyone's attention turns. I hear a growl and some murmurs before the older vampire talks. She's smaller than me by a few inches. "Emmett, what were you thinking bringing a shifter here? You know the rules." "She wanted to talk and what do I care what those stinking dogs think? No offense." He shoots me a smirk and I laugh for the first time in a long time. "None taken," I speak. "And technically I'm still human… that's what I wanted to talk to you about." I clasped my hands together. Usually I had no problem asking for what I wanted but this was such a new subject. I didn't even know these people were real until today and here I was at the devils doorstep asking for a favor. The blond doctor looked curious, giving a half smile as he spoke. "Well, then you better come in." I followed the four vampires into the spacious home and craned my neck, taking in every inch. You could fit my whole house in their living room , I thought, with a pang of jealousy. As we approached the long oak table, I felt the tiny hairs on the back of my neck lift up, before it began to tingle slowly down my arms to my fingertips. I heard the creak of every chair and suddenly I