A/N: This is a collaborative effort of the Sisters Elladan and Elrohir. Elladan would like to ask that you please excuse the horrid Legolas and Gimli bashing, and that to those fans, we apologize profusely. Really, we do. And that was not supposed to sound sarcastic. Elrohir would like to point out that we love Starbucks and their steamed almond milk and cinnamon cocoa dearly. We really, really, really like reviews. ::hints:: Disclaimer: We, the Sisters Elladan and Elrohir, hereby admit to owning absolutely nothing, except Briar Crest High itself, and then just the building, not the people in it. Starbucks is not ours either. Dur. And now, without further ado, we give you: A Year at Briar Crest High Chapter 1: First Day OR In Which Pippin is Concerned about Frodo's Apparel A crisp September breeze played across Eowyn's face as she pedaled her bike lazily through Briar Crest, on her way to her new school. Her uncle, Théoden, had insisted that Briar Crest High would be a diverse place for her to "learn and develop new skills." Her uncle, however, was completely wrong. Eowyn had been perfectly happy at the all girls' school in Portland, playing forward on the school soccer team. However diverse and wonderful Briar Crest High supposedly was, it did not have a soccer team at all. Eowyn stopped her bike in front of the school. It was a sprawling, u-shaped, one-story brick building. The courtyard in the middle of the campus was home to a few trees and single small wooden picnic table. A group of boys were madly dancing under the shade of a pine, watched interestedly by a few girls. On the steps was a beautiful dark-haired teenager--probably an upper classman--painting her nails. Around her was a motley assortment of students sprawled across the stairs, laughing, chatting, or frantically trying to finish the summer homework. Eowyn walked over to the dark-haired girl, who looked up. She was a cookie-cutter Cosmo cover-girl, with long lashes surrounding intelligent gray eyes. Her hair fell in dark waves around her shoulders, framing her flawless porcelain face. She was wearing a white camisole, a blue button-up cardigan, and a green mini-skirt. Eowyn thought she looked liked she belonged at some college prep school, leading the varsity cheer squad, not sitting on the front steps of the poorest high school in the district. Eowyn's own cargo jeans seemed suddenly inadequate. "Hey, can you show me where the office is?" Eowyn asked, "I still need my class schedule." "Down the hall, and to the left," the girl replied, pointing one perfectly manicured fingernail toward the front door. "Are you new here?" Eowyn was hard-pressed not to roll her eyes. Cheerleaders, she thought scornfully, If I wasn't new, I wouldn't have asked where the office was. However, instead of speaking her thoughts aloud, Eowyn merely said "Yeah, I'm new," and walked through the double doors. ----------------------- Sam stood in the shade of the lone pine tree with Merry, Pippin and Frodo. Merry and Pippin had finally collapsed after their mad dancing routine, and were lying in the grass with two sodas apiece. Frodo was sitting with his back against the tree, reading a book that Merry had entitled—after skimming the first page— Very Boring and Extremely Stupid . Frodo had not deigned to participate in the First-Day-of-School-Reunion-Mad-Dancing-Party-Thing for the first time since 2nd grade when Pippin named it and Merry had announced it an official tradition. Sam looked around at his new school. He had visited Frodo here once or twice, but this would be his, as well as Merry and Pippin's, first year actually attending. Though he would never admit it, he was really nervous. He looked back at Merry and Pippin. They had decided that Frodo was definitely not himself, as well as unusually cranky, and they had begun concocting reasons as to why. "It's this place…." Merry announced theatrically. "What's wrong with Seattle?" Pippin interrupted. "It's that thing around your neck…" continued Merry overdramatically, ignoring Pippin. Frodo snapped his book shut and glared wearily up at his friends, before explaining, "It was a gift from Uncle Bilbo, it's for good luck!" "My dear Frodo Baggins, you are wearing a tie… " "And an ugly one at that!" Frodo sighed, with the air of one who has seen too much to be bothered by the immaturity of his friends, and once more buried his nose in his book. Undeterred, the two boys continued to express their concern at Frodo's fashion choices, deciding that the aforementioned formal wear was only appropriate at funerals and proms, and since they were at neither of these places, Frodo should lose the tie because he looked like their Great Uncle Hildifons. "Come on, you guys," Sam finally put in. "You shouldn't go teasing Frodo like that." Merry and Pippin, however, ignored him. Since they were unable to get Frodo to abandon his book or his tie, they opted to join him. Merry pulled a heavy book of his own out of his backpack, and Pippin quickly folded a piece of notebook paper into a tie, clipping it to the front of his t-shirt. A trio of girls nearby laughed. Sam whipped around as was about to tell them off as well, when he saw who was sitting in the middle of the group. She had curling brown hair and her face was covered in a light dusting of freckles. Her green eyes were laughing. It was Rosie, Merry's long-term girlfriend, who had been going out with him since Sam helped Pippin's lame attempts to set them up in the 7th grade. Sam blushed furiously and turned back to the two troublemakers. "I think Frodo is just feeling a little under the weather today, that's all." "Yeah, depressed is more like it," said Merry under his breath, and he and Pippin walked off to their first class, muttering and laughing occasionally. ----------------------- Arwen sat in homeroom in the same seat she had sat in for the last three years; middle row, the seat by the window. She was the first one to class, like usual, and even though it was fifteen minutes 'til class actually started, she already had her books and pencil out. She didn't expect anyone else to come to class until—at the most—five minutes 'til, and in the case of her fellow senior Angmar, fifteen minutes after class started, so she was surprised when someone else walked into the classroom. It was the same blue-eyed blonde who had asked her where the office was. She had her long hair in a braid reaching halfway down her back, and she looked like school was the last place on Earth she wanted to be. She glanced around at the almost empty classroom, and then went over to Arwen. "Is anyone sitting here?" she asked, pointing to the seat behind Arwen. "No. If you get to class early, you get to choose your own seat." Arwen gave a friendly smile, but the girl just sat down at her desk and stared glumly out the window. Not one to give up easily, Arwen turned in her seat so she was facing the blond girl again. "Hi, I'm Arwen." She stuck out her hand. "Eowyn," the girl replied. She looked at Arwen's hand dubiously before stretching out her own to shake Arwen's. An awkward silence fell, finally interrupted by Faramir poking his mousy-haired, bespectacled head into the classroom. "Hey Arwen." "Morning Faramir. Good summer?" Faramir rolled his eyes. "I wish." "Is your dad still giving you a hard time?" "Not too much, I think he just resents the fact that I'm going back to school and Boromir isn't." Eowyn looked confused, and Faramir added "Long story." Arwen gave him a sympathetic smile, then remembered the girl sitting behind her. "Oh, this is Eowyn. She's new." "And what land do you hail from, lady?" Faramir nodded to Eowyn. Arwen grinned; Faramir could be such a geek. "He means where are you from." "I figured," Eowyn said, looking very close to laughter. She turned to Faramir. "Portland. My uncle says we moved here because my brother wanted to go to the University of Washington, but I think there was an out-of-state girlfriend involved." "Aren't out-of-state girlfriends just away to get away with polyamory?" Arwen asked. Eowyn stared at Arwen for a minute, and it seemed to Arwen that she was reevaluating her opinion of the girl in front of her. Maybe it was because Arwen had used a word with more than three syllables, or that she had just openly insulted men. Then Eowyn laughed. "I have to say, I agree with you on that one." Faramir said a hasty goodbye and ran out of the room, so he wouldn't be late to pre-calc, and the two girls continued chatting as the room filled up with people. By the time class had actually started, they were fast friends. ----------------------- I swear, I am going to fall asleep if this stupid teacher keeps droning on. Tell me if we get any homework, my eyelids are drooping… Pippin folded up the note and passed it to Merry, who was sitting in the seat behind him. Merry looked at the note, hastily scribbled a reply, and passed the folder paper back. Homework? I'd almost forgotten what that was... I'm thinking of taking Rosie to the top of the Space Needle... v. expensive though... whaddya think? Pippin smothered a laugh. The Space Needle? He's got to be joking. It was beyond cliché. He was about to write a reply to Merry asking him if he had hit his head on something, because no one in their right mind would think of something that… mushy, when he was poked sharply by Merry. Pippin turned around in his chair. "What?" he asked. Merry pointed to a blonde girl sitting in the middle row. Their homeroom teacher had just been talking about the after school program, and the girl had actually raised her hand. Which meant, Pippin realized, that she had actually been paying attention, not dozing off or passing notes like the rest of the class. The teacher looked just as surprised as everyone else. "Yes, er…" he struggled for her name, "Eowyn?" "Professor Glorfindel, I know the school doesn't have a soccer team," she said, not trying to hide her disdain, "but is there a team in the neighborhood I could play on?" "We--" "There is one team…" A boy in the corner interrupted. Pippin looked over at him. He was dressed all in black leather, from his jacket reading 'Lord of the Nazgul' on the back to the combat boots he was resting on his desk. "...but you couldn't play on it. In fact," he continued, moving his feet of the desk so he could turn to face Eowyn, "you'd probably have to work twice as hard to be half as good as the guys. Of course, that's not saying much, since I've never seen a more hopeless team." He leaned closer and said in a mock-sympathetic stage whisper, "I'm sure the cheerleaders will let you cry along with them when they lose... again. " "Angmar, that's enough." The teacher had recovered his dignity. "What I believe he is trying to say," Glorfindel said, turning to Eowyn, "is that the team we refer our students to, the Briar Crest Bandits, is an all boys team. However, we have a wonderful cheerleading program…" Pippin had stopped paying attention, as Merry had passed him a note. Can you believe what he just did? What a bastard. I think he deserves the first prank of the year, and to get put on our permanent hit list. Pippin stared at the note, and then started writing. Hello? Earth to Merry? Engage brain before making threats. We'd be so dead, even if the prank did succeed. Senior, probably a gang leader + prank Merry and Pippin dead in a ditch somewhere. Get my point? If it were