Rogue Chapter 1 Masen "Define Rogue." "What do you prefer? The noun or the adjective?" "Both," his expression lights up causing me to chuckle. I love playing this game with Jasper. The idea of believing that he will win this round is at the very least I can do to get his mind off her. "That is easy, the noun would be defined as a dishonest, knavish person; scoundrel. Some would define the word as playfully mischievous like a child, but I disagree. There is nothing childlike or innocent that should be associated with this word. Children are brutally honest." "I fully agree." "Now for the adjective, it is defined as scandalous in nature, no longer obedient, belonging, or accepted and hence not controllable or answerable. A renegade if you will." "Or a better example would be you Motherfucker," he grins and I laugh, "fuck you that I can't argue with that!" When we pull up to the club, Jasper climbs out with me following behind him. We greet my head of my security team making a few gestures while shaking hands. I move around my men taking my usual position. I am always the one leading them, no matter where the hell I go. I want no one in front of me when I enter an establishment. It is a pet peeve of mine. I am in charge, and everyone in the room will know it, when I am the one that walks in first. If you don't have the balls to put yourself out there, you shouldn't be in charge of an entire organization. We bypass the long line as I give a quick nod to the doorman. He has already disconnected the crowd control rope, waiting for us to give us entry into the club. I am tired of being so keyed up and anxious over the last few weeks. This evening out is my idea. I hope to accomplish a couple of things. First to let my men blow off some steam, relax and chill the fuck out. Second, to get Jasper laid. Some all too willing female will more than happily jump at the chance to help me, help Jasper forget her. I just need to find someone to dance with him, show an interest, make sure he realizes that there are more than enough females out there all too willing to take her place and make him happy. As we head into the club, I can tell we are pushing maximum capacity. I will have to say something before we get shut down. If the fire department shows up, by then it will be too late and the idea of that happening would mean a loss of profits. My father would expect someone to answer for it. Totally not acceptable. I stop at the bar and wait for Justin, the one manning the bar tonight. Once he sees me, he makes his way over. I lean over the counter and whisper shout in his ear over the loud music, "I want a head count!" he nods and relays the message to one of the others attending bar and I watch him move to get me what I want. I make my way to my table, slide my ass in while those closest to me follow suit, Jasper sitting right beside me. Angela is already poised and waiting to take our order. "The usual." I state, pulling out my phone as it vibrates in my pocket. I shut the damn thing down because I am taking the night off. Technically we don't take nights off in our line of work, but after the events over the last few weeks, and the fact that it is the first night we can relax without watching our backs, tonight's a night off that is well deserved. For my men, and myself. I beat my hands on the table keeping time to the Imagine Dragons song, rocking my body along with it. It feels good to relax. I love music. Any kind of music. It didn't matter what genre, I collected and listened to anything I could get my hands on. Coming here this evening was a good idea. It is nice to watch my men start to relax a little more, once they ordered their drinks. I start to take in my surroundings, my eyes scanning over the dancers in the club. Bella The walls of the club vibrated when Dan Reynolds beat on his drum, then began belting out the lyrics to the hit song Radioactive. I love Imagine Dragons, and I loved this fucking song. The dance floor is getting a little too crowded for my liking, so instead of heading out there to dance, I choose to remain here next to my table. I let myself go and start to really get into the beat of the music. Hell, I don't need a dance partner, I got this. A wave of goosebumps creeps over every inch of my skin while my body rocks and sways. I can't explain why. It isn't like I am cold. I am surrounded by more than enough heat. I wonder for a moment if I am about to come down with something. I feel perfectly fine, not understanding where the goosebumps are coming from? I shrug it off promising myself that I will take a couple of vitamin C's when I get back to hotel to fight off something if I am getting sick. I continue to watch those on the dance floor and just enjoy the music. Appearing at the top of the stairs is a group of men that stand out admist the crowd of club goers. The suits just didn't fit in with the clubs surroundings. The leader of the pack makes his way down the stairs with his entourage of black suits hot on his heels, and just like that, those on the dance floor magically part like the seas, as if God himself has cleared the path. The men that surround the one in the lead fan out a little as they make their way to the best table in the house. I swear the atmosphere in the club shifts and I felt it with his presence. I mean really how could everyone not notice this guy somehow managed to possess the power to change an element like air? Am I the only one that feels it? I look around and realize that I am not the only one watching them. He and his followers have the attention of everyone in this club. I am a little relieved I am not alone in this fascination. I can't help but take in every detail of what he is wearing. Black pants that mold to his form, a white shirt, black tie and I quickly take note that he is the only one in the group, that doesn't have on a suit jacket. What I discovered is that I had no idea a pair of suspenders on a man, could look this incredibly sexy! Not to mention the way he wore his sleeves rolled halfway up his arms. He stood out, but in a very good way. I recognize the way these men behave. They look rough, even if they are dressed in designer suits and gold jewelry. The six that flank the one leading are the equivalent of guard dogs doing their job and protecting their leader. I smile to myself and wonder could I be this lucky? I try to make out their faces, but it is too dark in the club so I can't be certain. I will continue to observe until I know for sure. I watch as they approach their booth, and slid around to settle in the middle of it, while the others with him follow suit. A server is there in a heartbeat ready to take their order. For anyone else it takes quite a while to get served on a night like tonight, and my suspicions about him may be correct. He pulls out his cell phone, looks down and scrolls through it, then lays it down on his table, and starts to scan over the room. The minute I can see his face head on, I realize that I am right recognizing who he is, and I am just that fucking lucky tonight. In the photographs I have seen him in, they really do not do him justice. Granted most of the photos are shot from afar, I take a minute to appreciate just how pretty he is in person. Men just don't look this pretty, but looking at Edward Masen would prove otherwise. His hair...I mean really what a fucking hairstyle, and how long does it take him to get it like that? I mean...all I can say is that it looks so damn soft, thick, long, wavy, and full resting just above his shirt collar. When the lighting brightens up for a minute, I try to get a good idea of what color it would be called. The blends of colors he has are similar to the ones only nature could create, just like the purest of elements. A mixture of copper, bronze, and gold weaves through the strands highlighting it under the right conditions. I bet it looks amazing in the sun. I sit here like some enchanted little girl who just spotted Prince fucking charming and his band of merry men who just happen to be gangsters. Sadly I admit, I have a thing for men that have this look. They are my kryptonite, however, the pretty ones like him are either already spoken for, or are few and far between. They are usually older, on the heavy side, and not at all what I would go for. He looks up at the server, places his order, and I cannot help but wonder what his voice is going to sound like. I can't even be sure that my tongue isn't hanging out wagging while I watch him as he drums on the table to the beat of the music. He starts to scan over the room again as he takes in his surroundings. I know it is rude to stare but I can't seem to look away. I mean really, I am surprised I haven't had to wipe my mouth before I drool all over myself. I sit here and watch him look around the club, his body waving to the beat of the music when he is just about to look in my direction and I am about to look away but I just can't. He passes over me and I admit, I am a little disappointed. Well so much for that though, it would have been nice to look into his eyes for a minute. At least I got to enjoy the eye candy for the brief fleeting moment. I grab my next shot off the table and throw it back, take a drink of my long island ice tea to chase it, and pick up where I left off. The burn from the alcohol heats me up, from the inside out, and I can already feel how much more relaxed I am, since before I arrived. I close my eyes and really get into the music as if I am the only one here. I keep swaying to the beat. I dance until the song ends, then bring my eyes back to the pretty one's table. A moment of panic hits me when I catch him looking over in this direction now. I wonder who he is watching and if it was me or not. I am waiting to see if he reacts as I stare back at him. He doesn't look away, looking at me from under his lashes. As if he isn't pretty enough, he now has this alluring look that is about to melt me where I stand. I honestly don't even think he is aware he is