A/N: Um, hi ya'll. I'm still in med school. I'm about a month out from my first round of board exams and short on time, but I've been working on this story for a long, long time. I'll get back to The Surrogate eventually, but I figure since that one had already been completed once before I can post this one while it's speaking to me. It'll be angsty. And I'm going to attempt to write a lemon or two. So, ya know, 18 and over or whatnot. Hope you enjoy it. "It would be great if she was cheating on me." The sentence uttered by the man in front of my desk startles me out of my daze. He wants his wife to cheat on him? I've been working as a private investigator for nearly eight years, and I don't experience a lot of firsts anymore, but this man is something I've never seen before. "That would be a good thing?" He clears his throat, clearly uncomfortable by the antagonizing tone I've managed to deliver in one short question. "Well, uh, it's the only way to void the pre-nup. She has to be caught being unfaithful." Oh . He's after her money. "Okay," I say simply. I'm too tired to even cover my gaffe. I smile weakly, trying to assure him that I won't mention it again. If this prick wants to know how his wife spends her days, I'll make sure to find out. After his first check clears. I hate this part of my job. In my early days as a PI, I aided foster kids in finding their biological parents. I solved a few cold cases that the police department had given up on or deemed unworthy of their time. I had helped people. But the money wasn't coming in fast enough. I was barely covering rent, much less food and bills. I took my first domestic case. I followed some trophy wife for a grand total of thirteen hours before I knew the name, profession, and address of the man she was having an affair with. I gave her bigwig husband a few photos and documents, collected my paycheck, and walked away. I never wanted to do it again. However, bigwig had been happy with my quick work. It turned out I was pretty great at digging up what people tried to keep buried. He recommended me to a friend, who passed my name on to a coworker, who referred a few golf buddies to me. It was amazing how suddenly my services became popular. I've been a PI for eight years, and for five years of it, I have been destroying lives instead of helping them. Because of my work, over two hundred marriages had ended in bitter divorces, lies, and hate. I brush a crumb from lunch off my desk and tried not to think about it. The client in front of me cleared his throat and forced my attention back to the present. I was officially taking cases where husbands were actually hoping their wives were being unfaithful. "I'm leaving town next week," he says. "I'll be gone for two months to work on site. That should be plenty of time to get some dirt on her. And let me be clear, Mr. Cullen, I want dirt on her. Anything you can find. If she's not cheating on me, make it look like it. By any means necessary." "Don't worry, Mr. Black. I'm the best in the business. I don't forge information, but I will do my very best to find anything she doesn't want exposed." "Yes, Seth told me you did excellent work for him. I expect you'll do the same for me." "Of course, sir. I'll be at your house tomorrow morning, parked a few houses away. I'll see you then." He pushes himself out of the chair and nods at me. He doesn't shake my outstretched hand as he turns to leave. My door slams closed and I sigh. My foot taps the ground and I wait. A soft knock on the door comes just a moment later. "I don't know why you still knock," I shout. "But come in." "His first check cleared," Jenks says, only sticking his head through my doorway. "You, Edward Cullen, are on your way to another ten grand." I get off work later than usual. Visiting hours are almost over by the time I get to the LTAC. I hurry past Alice and she gives me a warning look. She hates having to ask me to leave. Her eyes are laced with guilt and pity. I look away from her. There is only one pair of eyes I want to see. Everything is the same in the room I've entered. Same bed, same tubes, same wires. Same computer monitor. Same wave patterns. Those waves are the only reason I keep coming back to the same thing. "Sorry I'm late," I say, and the waves peak. 4602 Walnut Street, I read again, heading down the block of suburban houses to find the place where Mrs. Black will be waking up in about twenty minutes. According to her husband, she wakes up about ten minutes before he leaves every day to say goodbye. Doesn't sound so bad. I find the house with ease. It's a larger house on the corner, surrounded by gardens and several older trees. A small porch swing hangs near the front door from the overhang of a second floor balcony. I take a deep breath and run a hand over my face. I turn off my car at the park across the street. I climb out of my seat with my iPod and headphones in hand. I can jog a few laps to around the park before I meet with Jacob Black one more time. I am sufficiently out of breath by the time Jacob casually makes his way over to my car. To any other person, he looks like a friendly neighbor saying hello to a jogger at the park. To me, he looks like some asshole willing to pay to catch his wife doing anything wrong. "I doubt she's actually cheating on me," he mutters as we stand next to my car. His disappointment is clear. "She took those stupid vows seriously." He sighs with aggravation and shoves a hand in his pocket. "I need the divorce to be her fault. I need that pre-nup dissolved before I file. Understood?" Since our initial meeting, Mr. Jacob Black has proven to be nothing but a colossal prick. I've considered turning down his business several times, but then I think of the waves and the LTAC and know I need the money. I sigh and rub my chin. I shaved this morning and am not used to feeling the smooth skin there. "Understood, Mr. Black. Give me a few weeks. I'll get you something." He nods curtly and leaves without a goodbye. I turn back to the track and push myself as fast as I can to the other side of the park. It distracts me from what I'm about to do. Mrs. Black doesn't leave the house much. I learn this after watching her for three days. She's only left twice. Once, she went to the grocery store. The second time she left, she went to her mother's house, stayed for a few hours, and promptly returned home. I wonder what it is that keeps her so busy inside. Does she work? Is she taking care of pets? Jacob told me they didn't have children together. I haven't gotten close enough to know much else about her yet. In fact, I don't think I've even really seen her face. It's been rainy the past few days and she's worn zip up coats with the hoods pulled up any time she's left the house. All I've really seen of her is her dark brown hair. I groan as I sit back on the park bench, clutching a book in my lap that I lost interest in long ago. I opt to pull out my phone and play a few games while I wait for anything to happen at Mrs. Black's house. Finally, she emerges, and my breath speeds up more than it does after I've run a few miles. It's sunny today, and she's wearing a soft, flowing blood-red blouse. Her jeans are dark and skin-tight. On her feet are tall black heels. What I can see of her arms surprises me. I was expecting Mrs. Black to have the same tan that all the other women in the neighborhood have, but she's so pale she looks almost angelic. It's her face, the same face I've been trying to see for three days now, that catches me the most off guard. Mrs. Black is beautiful . She has these large, brown eyes and this button nose. It's adorable. Her cheeks are flushed as she carries a large binder to her car. The wind whips her long, chestnut hair around her as she opens the door. She's in her car then, breaking my trance, and is pulling out of the driveway before I can even move. "Game time," I whisper to myself, hopping up from my bench and jumping into my car as smoothly as I can. I follow her from a few cars behind as she catches the highway and exits on a road I know only leads to a fancy hotel. "Bingo," I mutter, pulling out my camera and parking a few lanes away from her in front of the resort. I wait till she enters the hotel before I follow, my heart racing as I walk briskly into the lobby. She's not standing at the front desk, and I scan the area for her figure. I see her walking, binder in hand, towards the bar at the back of the hotel. I follow behind and take a table a few down from where she sits. She's clearly waiting for someone, but I couldn't have a single idea as to who it is. I hope it's a male, so I can snap my pictures and be done with this as soon as possible. A waitress comes up to me and asks for my order. I glance over the menu and order the first appetizer I see. She nods and moves on to her next table. By the time I've looked up, I see Mrs. Black stand from the table to greet someone. Another woman. Damn. I try not to be too obvious in my ease dropping but hope that this blonde woman is a close friend of hers. Maybe she'll talk about something scandalous. "Rose, it's great to see you," she says, hugging her tightly before sitting down in her previous seat. "You too, Bella. You got any news for me?" Mrs. Black, Bella , smiles brightly. "It's done," she says, passing the binder over to her. "I wanted you to be the first to have it." The other woman laughs and practically lunges for the binder. What on earth could she be giving her? "Oh, Bella, I can't wait to get in to all of this. You have no idea how many people have been waiting to see more of your work." She blushes and looks down. I don't know what they're talking about, but seeing Mrs. Black blush makes me want to know how else I can elicit that reaction from her. I wonder how far down her body it travels before the pink finally fades and gives way to her alabaster skin. I shake my head, unsure why this woman has caught me by such surprise. Bella and her friend order food from the same waitress that served me earlier and I sigh. Nothing interesting will come of this lunch. My food is served and I eat only half of it before asking for the check. I'm ready to get out of the restaurant and back to