Chapter 1: An Impossible Quest Whenever Gandalf required his audience, or anyone's audience for that matter, it meant it was time for one of his, favors, more accurately: quests. And of course, any favor or quests of Gandalf's were not simple ones. They were filled with much danger and required much time. Last time, Aragorn found himself wrapped up in one of those quests, tracking down a strange looking hobbit named Gollum who attained his frightful and unrecognizable features (that of a hobbit) from holding onto the One Ring far too long. And that had taken much more time and effort than Aragorn would've preferred. That time could've been spent with his beloved Arwen in Rivendell. Reluctantly, Aragorn had to admit though, the quest was necessary for the sake of Middle-Earth. With Mordor and its master, Sauron, rising in power, certain quests called for completion. The capture and interrogation of Gollum revealed the current location of the One Ring, a secret that the enemy absolutely should not know. With Gollum safely tucked away in Mirkwood, the location of the One Ring should stay safe and Middle-Earth can perhaps stay in peace a little while longer, and Aragorn could play the scruffy Ranger named Strider a little while longer too. When Aragorn spotted the grey wizard strolling through the gates of Rivendell and approaching him for a greeting, Aragorn almost felt the need to roll his eyes and greet the old wizard with something along the lines of "what quest do you need me to complete this time?" But being brought up by Elrond and his strictness about properness, and having lived a long life rounding about 70 years, Aragorn refrained from doing so. "Well met, Aragorn," Gandalf gave him an eye crinkling smile, with much mirth that it almost tricked Aragorn into thinking that he brought no ill news or dangerous requests. "Well met Gandalf," Aragorn responded quickly, giving the old wizard a small crack of a smile. One filled with little mirth and much painful anticipation. Gandalf continued to stroll onwards, paying no heed to Aragorn's pained expression or perhaps he had gotten too old now and missed his pained expression altogether, and headed for some benches underneath a gazebo a few meters away from the golden gates of Rivendell. Aragorn strolled alongside the old wizard, not wanting to outpace him to the gazebo even though he knew it was the wizard's intended destination for that would be a rude thing to do. Giving a contented sigh as he sat, the old wizard took a few more deep breaths to breathe in as much of the fresh and earthy air of Rivendell as possible. Being in many dark places as he's been, it was finally nice to breathe clean and open air. With no rush, Gandalf reached into his pocket for his beloved smoking pipe and then again in his other pocket for some pipe-weed. Aragorn silently watched the wizard tap some weed into his pipe and light a small fire with his magic. "Would you like some?" Gandalf offered the remaining pipe-weed to Aragorn, catching the Dunedain's impatient stare this time but misinterpreting it as a plea for some of his pipe-weed. "No thank you," Aragorn politely declined, secretly wishing Gandalf would just get on with it and tell him the reason behind his summoning. "Suit yourself," the old wizard shrugged and stuffed the packet inside his pockets. Aragorn had no idea how much time had passed before Gandalf began speaking again. He had blown nothing but smoke rings up towards the sky. Aragorn guessed it was most likely around fifteen minutes. Just as Aragorn was at his limits on his patience Gandalf finally started up the conversation. It was as if Gandalf was testing him but Aragorn knew with complete assurance that he was just being an old wizard. "Have you heard of the Blue Wizards?" Asked Gandalf leisurely, a tone of voice that one would use to strike up a friendly conversation. "I've heard of them, but I know very little about them. Lord Elrond, when I was younger, once told me they traveled east with Sarumon the White during the Second Age in attempt to convert the Easterlings into siding with the west. Sarumon was the only one who returned from that journey." Aragorn cited what he could recall from his studies with Elrond during his youngling days at Rivendell. "That is correct, my friend. No one has heard from them in centuries, and I fear for them. Though I am very much sure they are alive, I would like to know their whereabouts and furthermore, they could very well aid us with this upcoming darkness. One cannot have too many wizards on his side." The upcoming darkness. Aragorn feared for it. It meant that he would have to abandon his ways of a ranger and take up what he was born to be, a king, and that brought a heavy burden of trepidation on his shoulders. He would have to go to war and come back as a king or not at all. If he could will it, he would pass on his duties as heir of Isildur onto another in flash (although he really wouldn't wish for such a burden to weigh down someone else either), and be born in another era where this approaching darkness did not exist. "Well, what is it that you want me to do?" Aragorn sighed to the wizard, daring to push the wizard to quicken his pace in telling him of his request. "Patience, Aragorn son of Arathorn," said Gandalf. I have been , Aragorn thought wryly. "That is what you need on this quest I have for you, for it will be a long and dangerous one." Gandalf added after another smoke from his pipe, adding unneeded anxiety for Aragorn. A deep unnerving feeling in his chest gave Aragorn a thought of never seeing Arwen again. This quest was going to be like none other, he already knew it. "You must journey east, past the border of Rhonavion, where not even I have ventured into. Into the lands of Rhûn, Khand, and Harad, you must find the Blue Wizards' hiding spot, seek their counsel about the approaching darkness from Mordor, and gather new hope for the Free-Peoples of Middle Earth." Aragorn waited for Gandalf to continue but he did not. When the silence went on for too long, Aragorn prodded for more information, "The east is a large place and little is known." "I do not know where the Blue Wizards will be if that is what you are asking, but I have a strong feeling that they may be in the south, in Harad," said Gandalf seriously, sighing deeply, a sign of worry and disappointment in himself. "I am very sorry that I cannot offer you more information." Aragorn immediately understood the seriousness of the quest (despite it being a blind and wild goose chase). Should he succeed, the Free Peoples of Middle Earth gain an advantage over the approaching threat of Sauron's return and should he fail, then Sauron would gain an advantage. And, with balance of power between the dark and light forces so different, the Free Peoples of Middle Earth need every advantage they can salvage. "Do not fret, my child, should you fail just make sure to bring me back some souvenirs from the east," said Gandalf, returning to his mirthful demeanor as he stood up and approached the golden gates of Rivendell to leave for his own errands and quests. "I heard the east is known for their pipe-weed and tea leaves." As much as Aragorn hated being called a child, he decided to let the wizard call him that without complaint. He supposed since he himself was only perhaps one-thousandths of Gandalf's age that he indeed could be called a child by the Grey Wizard. And, when he brought up the thought of bringing him back some souvenirs from the East, Aragorn couldn't help but laugh. So now he had two missions. Find the Blue Wizards and bring Gandalf back some souvenirs. XXX "Estel, dear brother of ours, I heard from Ada that you are traveling east." Aragorn was approached by two identical looking elves, Elrohir and Elladan, sons of Lord Elrond and his adopted brothers. He was in the midst of packing in his room when the two burst in with mischievous grins adorned on their faces, like always. Estel. That was the name they had given him by the elves when he first arrived into Elrond's care. It has always stuck with him, perhaps it is because it has much affection attached to it from his adopted family. It also went with the theme of having the males in their family with names starting with "e." According to Ro and Dan, they were the ones who had given him the name Estel. Though they weren't very credible because they were quite the compulsive liars. "Do be careful, dear brother. I heard that the east harbors blood sucking spiders bigger than the ones in Mirkwood that prey on sleeping soldiers." Elrohir exclaimed with more excitement than worry. "And," Elrohir's double, Ellandan began to add more, "don't forget about the giant slithering worms –" "Do not listen to them Estel, they spout nothing but lies." Arwen interrupted her brothers, and entered the room, trailed by her father, Lord Elrond. They were both holding some things in their arms, no doubt they were for him to take on his long and blind journey to the east. Elrond shot his twin sons his infamous glare of disapproval before returning to smile at his adopted human-son. "I have never ventured deep into the east myself, but I know that that they are widely different people than people in the West. They are known for their merciless and brazen warriors. It will do you well not to approach anyone unless you absolutely have to for they will know you are from the West, their enemy, and they will kill you on sight. It is also to be expected that Westron will not be widely spoken there; my guess is that they speak Black Speech mostly since they are allied with Mordor and the darkness has been in the East for as long as even the oldest elves can remember." Great , Aragorn thought to himself wryly again, not only will I be thrown blindly into the east, I will have no chances of gaining any information from the locals . "You must hide your identity at all costs, venturing into the east is the same as walking into Mordor. Everyone will be after the head of Isildur's heir there. You must abandon all western customs and your elvish ways," Elrond added and handed him a sheathed sword. "For this long journey, I give you Langoril, Glittering Sword, to aid you and to keep you safe so that you will return to us safely." Aragorn took the sword gently from Elrond's extended palms. He unsheathed it to marvel at its newness and shininess. It was by far the most beautiful sword he's ever seen. Like all other elven swords, it was as light as a feather in his hands and no doubt swift. Langoril glittered a sparkly silver sheen in the sun light coming from the windows behind, just like its name's meaning. The hilt was grasped comfortably in Aragorn's hands; the padded leather added a strength and ease to his grip. A nice contrast to some other swords, Aragorn pleased to feel that there would be no painful callouses coming from Langoril and he could finally discard his old sword. "Hannon le," Aragorn inclined his head to Elrond in thanks. Elrond placed his hand his human-son's shoulder while giving him a look of seriousness and worry, "Just stay safe." XXX Aragorn had been traveling for several days now. He set off from Imladris almost three weeks ago, and he had just passed through