"You cannot get angry at me, Zeus!" Hades shouted. "Even when we still had the Big Three pact, you broke it twice!" "I recognize that," Zeus said. "Still, you know the danger-" "Yes, I do. Which is why I chose the mortal that I did." With that, Hades vanished in a cloud of darkness. /\ Joshua woke up. That had been an odd dream. He had been told earlier that demigod dreams were supposed to mean something, but he didn't ponder the dream long before falling asleep again. /\ Josh found himself in a cave. In the center of this cave was a single man, being faced by an army of... something. At the army's head was a boy. He looked about eighteen, though Josh couldn't be sure. He was dressed in black jeans, a black shirt and jacket, black shoes, had black hair, even black gloves. The only thing he wore that wasn't black was his ring, which was silver and shaped like a skull. The boy's skin was pale, and his face gaunt, as though he hadn't eaten in days. His eyes were strikingly similar to Josh's: so deep brown that they could hardly be distinguished from black. The phrase brown, almost black didn't even cover it. You had to look really closely to see the line between the pupil and the iris. The boy looked at the lone man with fear, determination, anger, everything negative. "Nico DiAngelo, was it?" the man asked. "Supposed King of Ghosts?" Nico's eyes narrowed. "What of it?" "Well, Nico..." the lone man snapped his fingers, and the army behind Nico vanished. They reappeared in full-force behind the man, now in the light. They were dead. All skeletal warriors, in different clothing of wars in history. Confederates from the Civil War, Patriots from the Revolution, even some modern army soldiers. Josh was suddenly very afraid for this Nico. "...you've just lost your throne," the man continued. The skeletal warriors surged forward, and Nico shouted. One of them faltered, stabbed the strange man in the back, then collapsed. The rest, though, continued forward. /\ Joshua awoke again, and stood. His heart was pounding. He sprinted from the Hermes cabin, toward the new installment at Camp Half-Blood. It was a misty fountain that absorbed light to make a constant rainbow. It was used for Iris-messages. Josh threw in a golden drachma, and spoke frantically. "Show me Nico DiAngelo..." Josh faltered. He knew he was supposed to say where, but he didn't know. "...in that cave!" he finished. To his surprise, the mist shimmered. He looked in, and saw Nico fighting off an army of undead. He was standing on a hill of bones, and it took Josh a moment to realize that it was the remains of part of the army. Even as Josh watched, Nico was spinning and slashing, destroying the skeletal beings. Still, they would soon overtake him. Josh wanted the undead to stop, wanted them gone. He felt a tugging in his gut, and the undead crumbled. Josh collapsed, barely regaining his feet. Nico looked around, and saw the message. "Who are you?" Nico said suspiciously. "I'm- I'm Josh." "Did you do that?" Nico asked. "Um... I don't know..." Nico looked puzzled. "Did you feel anything? Some strange sensation?" "Yes. Like I just ate too much and-" "Well, Josh, congratulations. You're a son of Hades." "What?!" Josh yelled. He forgot for the moment that it was still, like, 1 o'clock in the morning. "Nobody else would be able to do that, especially at such a distance. And, he was right. That man. I have lost my throne, because you are quite obviously more powerful than I am. Congratulations again, because you are now King of Ghosts." /\ Joshua was found at the fountain. When Nico had told him he was 'King of Ghosts,' he had simply frozen until the Iris-message faded and the sun started to climb. When the first campers started to rise, they found him at the fountain. Just his luck, those first campers were of the Ares cabin, the least accepting of all. "Who's this?" one said. "Some Hermes undetermined. Too bad he's not thirteen yet." "Yeah, then Jackson's little deal would've happened." Joshua started to get angry. The Ares campers continued to talk about him as if he wasn't there, and blood rose to his face. "Go away," he muttered. He'd tried not to say it, but it had just slipped out. He knew he couldn't win a fight against an Ares posse. Sure, he had five years of martial arts training, but Ares was the god of war. He couldn't' win. The Ares campers got quiet. "What?" Now I'm in for it, Josh thought, but stood anyway. "I said, go away." He turned to face the campers. "Is there a problem with that?" These words were definitely ill-advised. As he turned around, he saw three campers. All at least two years older than him, all angry. He couldn't hope to compete. "Oh, yeah. There's a problem with that. I think maybe we'll introduce you to the bathrooms. Yeah? You seen the toilets yet?" Josh flushed again. King of Ghosts... "Oh, I've seen the toilets. And you're about to." Josh reached out his hand, and several forms began to wade out of the canoe lake. The Ares kids didn't see them. The forms finally cleared the water, and Josh saw eight skulls. They rose even more, and Josh could make out U.S. Navy uniforms. The skeletons were covered in seaweed, barnacles, and blackened char-marks. They had apparently sunk at some point. They didn't hold guns, though, but swords. The Ares campers started forward. Josh had to buy his skeletons some time. They were still a few yards away. He jumped back, sidestepped, and slammed an Ares camper with the heel of his hand. The Ares kid stumbled, knocking over his friends, and Josh's skeletons broke into a run. They reached the tangle of Ares limbs, and somehow disassembled the pretzel. There were two to a camper, holding them back with unnatural strength. The remaining two skeletons had their swords drawn and pointed at the campers. One spoke in a strange chattering noise, and Josh somehow understood him. "What would you like us to do, sire?" Josh smiled. "Show them the toilets." /\ Josh made himself at home in the Hades cabin. He chose a bunk across from Nico's, which was a bit ratty and somewhat frightening. There were a few bones there, some bits of gold, a sword sheath, and a black hoodie. Josh only had a sleeping bag and his issued weapons, which he had gotten his first day at camp. These weapons were fist and foot weapons, which Josh could use with his martial arts skill. For his hands, he had been given leather gloves. They would have been disappointing, except for the fact that they were covered in Celestial Bronze studs, spikes and blades. Every hand strike Josh knew had a set of studs dedicated to it. If he used any of these strikes on something, at least one stud would make contact. Even with all of these studs, he found he could still hold other weapons. If he managed to disarm an enemy, he would still be able to use the weapon. For his feet, he had a set of spiked straps. They could be fastened around his shoes, and had Celestial Bronze spikes all over the tops. The straps and spikes were all connected to a Celestial Bronze plate, which could be fastened to the bottoms of Josh's feet to let him use different kicks that required the bottoms of his feet. Lastly, he had been given a set of elbow pads and kneepads that had Celestial Bronze spikes on them. Josh laid these weapons on his bunk and walked out of the cabin. As soon as he crossed the threshold, he heard the conch horn blow for breakfast time. He made his way up to the dining pavilion, where everyone was getting settled at their tables. Before Josh sat, Chiron the ancient centaur beckoned him to the front. Once everyone quieted down, Chiron spoke. "For those who have not heard the news, Josh has been indirectly claimed. He is son of Hades, the third one we've seen at this camp and hopefully the second who'll stay." The half-bloods clapped, not loud or enthusiastic, nor quiet or half-hearted. It was simple applause because Josh was claimed. Josh made his way to the Hades table, where he found one empty goblet and nobody else. He sat, thought about how much he could use some pomegranate juice, and watched the goblet fill with just that. Chiron made one more announcement, then backed off. Dryads and satyrs stepped forward with whatever any given camper wanted, though any meat was super-lean and there was an excess of vegetables. Josh received his choice meal. It was his favorite breakfast: Eggs Benedict. He stood with the rest of the campers, approached a brazier in a line, and waited to give some of his meal to the gods. When he reached the brazier, he portioned out the best parts of the food, dropped them into the fire, and said, "Hades." The smoke floated up with a pleasant pomegranate smell, then twisted like a rag and plunged into the ground. As Josh walked back toward the table, he heard someone else say "Hades." the voice was strikingly familiar, and Josh couldn't help but turn around. There, walking away from the brazier, was Nico DiAngelo. "Hello, Joshua. Shall we return to the table?" Josh nodded and followed Nico back to the Hades table. They sat, but Chiron stepped forward again before they could eat. "Before you all dig in," he said, which got a groan from the campers, "I forgot one more reminder, which is a bit ironic. We're having Capture the Flag after dinner this evening, as usual." The groan turned to excited murmuring. As Nico started to eat, Josh raised an eyebrow. "Capture the Flag?" Nico swallowed and replied. "It's fun. Trust me. Of course, not as thrilling as when we used to use real weapons. Still, good fun and good practice." Nico kept eating. "What's it like?" Josh asked. It sounded like something he'd be into. Nico finished his meal and let the dryads take his plate. "Well, we'll start at the beginning, then. Whoever's won the last round-" "How do you win?" Josh asked. "I'll get to it," Nico said irritably. Josh took the wise course and shut his mouth. "As I say, whoever's won the last round has a flag. The other victor or champion has the other. We set those up on opposite sides of a selected playing field. The cabins who have the flags choose other cabins to make alliances with, by trading chores or food or activity times. These such trades we'll be experiencing soon. Once the alliances have been formed, and every cabin is on a side, we all equip ourselves with practice weapons. Sometimes the teams have to be evened out, of course. Anyway, we switched to practice weapons a while back after an old fight got someone killed-. But that's beside the point. The mock weapons allow us to fight without much restraint. We also allowed for people to be... er, "killed." Nico made air quotes with his fingers. "Once you get hit in a fatal spot, you're to go back to your flag for 30 seconds. After that you can get back in the fight. The goal is to find the flag and take it back across the boundary line. Once that happens two out of three rounds, the flag will repaint itself to match the cabin who captured it. They become the new host cabin for the next week. They become the ones who make alliances and deals and choose their team. Now you can ask questions." "Who are the host cabins right now?" "Well, that's the complicate part.