For Liza via GGE. I will probably continue this with different perspectives set in the same universe. Only time will tell. Note: I took some liberty with ages to make things fit better. Go with it. Please? I. "Health officials have placed the Riddle Virus on the watch list. It has claimed twenty victims this week, bringing the death toll to ninety-seven in a two week period," the reporter announces grimly. "Our sources have confirmed that it is evolving at a rapid rate." Remus shudders. His father changes the channel. "With over fifty confirmed cases of the Riddle Virus in the United Kingdom alone, everyone has one question," a second reporter says. "Where is the cure?" Another channel, another reporter. More statistics, more fear, more questions with no answers. "Perhaps we shouldn't watch," Lyall says quietly, and the screen goes black. "They'll find a cure, won't they?" Remus asks. He waits for his father to assure him, the way he's always done, to tell him that everything will be fine, and they'll be okay. But his father's lips press into a thin, hard line, and Remus realizes that, at sixteen, he is too old for childish promises. His mother kisses his forehead. "There's little we can do, my love," she says gently. "If they can't find a cure, all we can do is pray." Remus doesn't know what prayer could do to help the situation. If it worked, then the stupid virus wouldn't spread in the first place. It would have been prayed away the moment Benjy Fenwick, the first victim, coughed up blood. But he doesn't say this. If his mother wants to have faith, she's welcome to it, but Remus has outgrown that fairytale. … "School is canceled," his father tells him as Remus places his books in a neat pile. "For how long?" His father shakes head. "Until further notice is all anyone says." Remus frowns, sitting on his bed. It isn't as though school is his favorite place, but it feels weird not to go. He feels his sense of normalcy begin to fray. … Remus sees the first armed man walk down his street. He shies away from the window, his heart racing. "Dad! There's a man with a gun out there!" he reports urgently, wringing his hands together nervously. His father walks to the window. His face is hard again. Remus wishes he would smile. If his father would smile, then maybe Remus could find hope again. "The news has been talking about other countries and their military taking action," he says, letting the curtain drop as he pulls away from the window. "I never thought it'd make it here." "What's it mean?" Remus asks. "It means that there isn't much hope left," his father sighs, massaging his temples. "A month, and they're no closer to a cure or even figuring out what they're supposed to be curing. People are dying left and right. If they can't cure the sick-" A gunshot rings through the quiet night air. Remus darts to the window. "Remus, don't look!" But it's too late. Remus stares in horror at the old woman on the street, blood pooling around her frail body. The room seems to spin, and Remus collapses, everything growing black. … It surprises him how quickly he gets used to the noise. Once their home was free from all chaos that big cities have. Now, coughing and gunshots break through the quiet. But Remus adjusts. He carries on, waiting for it to settle down again. ... There are fewer armed men, only six now. Only a week ago, Remus had counted two dozen on his street. Over the seven days, he had watched four collapse. Those same four had received bullets in their heads. He can only imagine what's happened to the rest. "They can't do that, can they?" Remus asks. "It's murder." His mother strokes his hair, humming a lullaby. "These are dark times, son," his father says. "The old laws don't apply anymore." … "Wales is in anarchy," the reporter announces. "The infected have greatly outnumbered the healthy. Guardians are being pulled before the infection can take away more of their numbers." They've long since given up trying to find anything on other than the news. Only one channel remains; only three reporters still live. "Our sources tell us that-" His sentence dies as a violent cough racks his body. Remus watches as bright blood splatters across the desk. "Oh God. Oh God, no. I'm not sick! I'm not-" Lyall switches the television off, but not before Remus hears the heavy footsteps on the screen. … Remus tries to remember what life was like only two months ago, before the Riddle Virus took over. It shouldn't be hard, but all he sees when he closes his eyes are armed men, bodies lying in blood, people he's known his whole life coughing up bits of their lungs. His father doesn't speak much anymore, not since the news stopped, not since the armed men disappeared completely. His mother spends most of her days locked away, kneeling in prayer, grasping her rosary like it will offer them salvation. … A car alarm pierces the night air. Remus is sure that he hears glass shatter and voices cry out. He covers his face with his pillow, laying perfectly still, hoping that whoever is out there won't come for his family. … His father goes first. Remus had thought that with everything he's seen, he would have become immune to the gore, he would have stopped feeling anything. But he watches his father fade away in only two days. It isn't a pretty death. Blood everywhere. Bits of organs still caught between his teeth. Remus buries him in the back yard. No one prays for him. No friends share stories of their past, of the days before hell broke out. The only sounds that pierce the air are distant coughs and screams, glass breaking, and the world falling apart. … His mother lasts one day before the coughing starts. She forbids Remus from entering her room. He doesn't mind, at first. He can't stand the thought of seeing her die the way his father did. Perhaps he's a coward for that. She dies quicker, and Remus can't help but to feel grateful. She only suffers a day before the noise dies behind the door. Remus steels himself before entering. He wishes he could close his eyes. He wishes this could all be some nightmare. But he's abandoned all hope that he'll wake. He knows he should bury her right away, but he feels his world shatter. Suddenly, he is a little boy again. He curls up beside her, trying to ignore her blood that slicks his body. Her rosary is still clasped tightly in her hand. Remus pulls it loose, his tears falling freely as he places the rosary around his neck. He isn't sure that there's a God anymore, not if God could just take his mother like that. But it doesn't matter how broken his faith his. It's all that he has left of her. … He buries her beside his father and returns to the house. He washes away the blood with bottled water, careful not to use too much. He can't risk dehydration when the stores have long since been closed and looted. "It won't be long," he assures himself. "I'll get sick soon, and it won't matter anymore." He grabs a grabs a can of pears and the can opener and retreats to his room, waiting for the coughing to start. … A day passes. Then another. Remus marks them each on his calendar, amazed as days turn to weeks. He's still alive. He doesn't know how or why he has been spared, but he's still perfectly healthy. Remus goes to his window. The world beyond is hardly recognizable now. The streets are empty except for broken glass and bodies. Remus wonders when the constant sound of chaos vanished. He's spent so much time sleeping that everything blurs together. Panic grips him as he pulls away. Now that he thinks about it, the silence is unnerving. The noise might have scared him, but it's been a constant reminder that he's not alone. Now, he's not so sure. Now, he's afraid that he might be the only person left. Remus grips his mother's rosary and closes his eyes. He doesn't pray. He only hopes. … Another week passes before he decides that it's time to explore. It's inevitable that he'll run out of resources. If he prepares now, he might stand a chance. Remus wraps a bandana around his mouth, though he knows it will do little to protect him from the stench of decay. He grabs his bag and a knife before stepping outside for the first time in what feels like forever. Within an hour, he collects enough food and water to last a week, and he's seen enough dead bodies to last a hundred lifetimes. He starts back for his house, freezing when he hears the crunch of glass behind him. "Got a live one, boys!" someone shouts, laughing like he's told some great joke. "Won't be alive for long." Remus feels his stomach turn to ice. He fears that he might throw up. He keeps his eyes fixed forward, trying to steady his breathing, too afraid to turn around. Perhaps they can be reasoned with. He could chat with them, explain his situation, and they could work together. "This is Death Eater territory, little boy!" a third voice, feminine this time, cackles. Remus swallows dryly, about to turn around when he hears the gunshot. He waits for the explosion of pain, the flowing of blood. "You're a shit shot, Rod!" someone yells. "Useless!" the girl screams. "Absolutely useless! Give me the damn thing." "Get your own, Bella! There's plenty back home." "You little-" Remus doesn't stick around long enough to hear how the argument turns out. He runs as fast as his feet will carry him. "He's getting away! Shoot him, you idiot!" He doesn't return home. They're watching, and if they're willing to shoot him, Remus has no doubts that they wouldn't care about breaking and entering. He runs until his legs ache and burn before he dares to slow down. He's put enough distance between himself and the gang. At least, he hopes he has. They've shown no signs of following him. His legs threaten to give out, but he carries on, only pausing for water and a few bites of jerky. II. Remus checks the paper he's salvaged. He's been at this camp long enough. Five days is the limit. Any longer, and he's asking for trouble, a lesson he learned after a week's stay at his sixth camp when a man tried to stab him over a handful of berries. Remus gathers his supplies, marveling at how strong his arms and shoulders have become. The bag no longer feels heavy as it once had. He no longer grows tired within hours of carrying it. He doesn't know where he's heading anymore. Nowhere seems safe. He's passed through town after town over the past few weeks, and he's found nothing but corpses, graves, and hostile survivors. He wonders if he'll ever find a place to call home. Each day that passes, it seems less and less likely. Remus casts one final glance at his thirteenth camp before carrying on with no direction. … He kneels beside the stream, painfully aware of how dry his throat has become. Remus drinks greedily before filling his bottle and washing away the worst of the dirt and sweat. He thinks that he misses showers the most. He's almost forgotten what hot water feels like against his skin. Winter is quickly approaching. The days feel cooler. His rinses become shorter, unable to handle the chills that follow. He wonders how he will survive the snow. If he's lucky, he can find an isolated