For Camp Potter, Archery Week 3 (write about someone planning something) Written with love for Liza, Shannon, Bex, Lizzy, Jas, and Sam who inspired this Wolfstar weirdness. Word Count: 8195 "Say, James?" Sirius says as they walk through the corridor. "Have you noticed Remus has been spending a lot of time with Slughorn lately?" James purses his lips in thought. Sirius waits for him to say that he's just imagining it. Instead, his best friend nods. "Now that you mention it, yeah. He says he's having trouble with Potions, but it's Remus. He never has trouble with anything." Sirius doesn't know if he's relieved or disappointed by the confirmation. He sighs. "Exactly. You don't think… I mean, what if he fancies Slughorn?" James snorts. "Sluggy? No way. But maybe he has a type," he suggests. "Slughorn has that whole mature thing going for him. Maybe Remus likes it." Sirius ponders this. It makes sense. Remus, the boy with the cardigans, the boy who rolls his eyes at the silly, childish schemes that Sirius and James come up with. Of course he would have a type. "You've got that look on your face," James notes. "Whatever you're planning, I'm in, no questions asked." "James, get Peter. Emergency meeting," Sirius says with a nod of finality. "Operation Professor Padfoot has begun!" "Just Peter?" Sirius rolls his eyes. "Well, we can't very well invite Remus to listen to my plans to seduce him." "Fair point," James agrees with a mock salute before dashing off. Sirius shuffles along, tugging at his hair in thought. He will be the first to admit that he knows nothing about being mature. Really, James doesn't either. He only hopes that Peter can have something to go on. … James appears in the dormitory, Peter on his heels. "Unfortunately, Peter was the only one who wanted to help." Sirius raises his brows. "He's the only other one I need," he points out, his features twisting into a mask of confusion. "Who else did you ask?" The disappointment on James' face is almost amusing. He exhales in frustration. "Evans," he answers wistfully. "I asked her if she wanted to join me in our dormitory for a secret mission. She called me disgusting and stormed off." "Wonder why," Sirius muses. "You would think she'd be the type to want to help a friend in need." Peter rolls his eyes. "You should have thought that through more. The phrasing was a bit… off." "Nah," Sirius says, shaking his head. "Lily just has a colder heart than we could have ever thought possible." "That's my future wife you're talking about, Padfoot." "Back to the point at hand!" Sirius says firmly. The last thing he needs is for his important mission to derail and for them to end up discussing Lily. That would have to wait for another day. Sirius paces the length of the dormitory, wringing his hands together. This isn't just some clever prank. This is damn near life or death. He can't just approach the subject casually. He has to choose his words carefully. "It has come to my attention that Remus Lupin, codename Moonpie, has a type." "Do I get a codename?" James asks hopefully. Sirius comes to a stop, studying his best friend for a moment. "Why would you need one?" "To be fair, Remus gets one." "Yes, well, he can't know we're talking about him," Sirius says. "Now, again. Moonpie. Type. It seems that type is older men. How do I be an older man?" "Wait a few years?" Peter suggests, and Sirius isn't sure if he's being sarcastic or not. "Not helpful," Sirius says sharply. "How do I look and act mature?" "Sluggy wears tweed," James says. "Have you tried tweed?" Sirius glances at his beloved leather jacket. It has become his signature piece over the years. He can't imagine trading it in for anything else, even if it would win Remus over. Still, that's the goal, and it's a sacrifice he'll have to make. "Benjy has tweed jackets," Sirius says reluctantly. "I'll borrow a few." "I'm not sure that tweed is the solution," Peter says quietly, but Sirius ignores his comment. "Father lounges around in his house robe," Sirius says, tugging at a bit of his hair. "Newspaper! Dad always reads the news," James offers. Peter rolls his eyes, letting out a sigh. "I'm really not sure that-" "I'll have the Prophet delivered in the morning," Sirius says, clapping his hands together excitedly. "Now. A robe." … Lily stares at him, heat flooding her face. "You what?" she asks, praying that she's misunderstood him. Sirius offers her a grin as though it might diffuse the tension. Lily wonders if it ever works. Given how guilty it makes him look, she doubts it. "I need your bathrobe," he says again. "You know. The thing you wear when you get out of the shower." She doesn't even realize that she's slapped him until Sirius jerks away, rubbing his cheek. "Did Potter put you up to this?" she demands. It's the sort of thing he would do, though she is surprised that he would send someone else to do it. After all, he had been crude enough to invite her to his dormitory for a secret mission. "Maybe I should explain first." Lily purses her lips. She wants to walk away and never look at Sirius or James again, but, at the same time, she's curious as to what sort of ridiculous explanation he could come up with. "I'm listening." "I… Well, James tried to get you to help us earlier. I'm trying to help Remus, and I need a house robe. Haven't got one, so a bathrobe will have to do." She had hoped his explanation would offer her some sort of clarity. Instead, she's even more confused. Still, she softens at the mention of Remus. Remus has always been so kind. She's often wondered how the poor bloke had ended up with such a wild group of friends. "Let me think about it." … The next morning, an owl swoops down, dropping the Prophet in front of Sirius. Sirius opens it, taking a deep breath. News is terribly boring. He'd much rather read about motorbikes and things he actually enjoys, but he's willing to give it a chance. "Did you just get a subscription?" Remus asks, spreading jam on his toast. "Meant to do it ages ago," Sirius answers. "I, uh… I really need to keep up with the goblin stock exchange." Across from him, James offers him a thumbs up. Peter just shakes his head and drags his fork across his eggs. "Wow. I never knew you were interested in that sort of thing," Remus says, and Sirius wonders why he doesn't sound impressed. "It's really important to keep up with the economy, Moony," Sirius says. "And other world events. Like…" He scans the page, picking an article at random. "Madam Malkin is experimenting with velvet. Risky decision. Imagine if robe prices went up simply because of someone acting on a whim," he says grimly, shaking his head. He waits. Surely Remus will praise him for being so concerned with the impact such a decision could have. Instead, Remus wipes crumbs away from his mouth, nodding. "Right. Well, I'd better go. Slughorn had some concerns with my potion I turned in," he announces, climbing to his feet. Sirius sighs, slumping forward. "I should have borrowed the tweed jacket first," he decides. "Everything is more mature with tweed." "You've got a point," James agrees, shaking his head. "We'll ask Benjy later." "Have either of you actually ever successfully flirted with anyone?" Peter asks. "I talked to Lily just last week, and she didn't yell at me," James says. "I told McGonagall she looked lovely, and she only took away five points for not doing my homework," Sirius adds. James extends his hand, and he and Sirius exchange high fives. "That's never a good sign," Lily notes, joining them. "What have I walked in on? Actually, no. Please don't tell me." "Evans!" James says brightly, a smug smile on his lips. "Have you finally come around? I knew it was only a matter of time before you'd succumb to my charm and good looks." "Don't flatter yourself, Potter," she says, narrowing her eyes. "I'm here about Remus. You want to help him?" "Of course!" Sirius says. "I'd turn back now," Peter mumbles, and Sirius is grateful that Lily doesn't follow his advice. "Is he in trouble? Or hurt?" Lily asks. "It's his heart that's hurt. But he doesn't know it yet," Sirius says, his eyes still fixed upon the door Remus exited from moments earlier. "Did something happen?" Lily leans in close, her eyes soft with concern. "It's because he doesn't have me yet," Sirius explains quickly. Lily raises her brows, and Sirius can see the immediate regret in offering to help him. Before she can take Peter's advice, he rushes in to explain the situation, his suspicions, and the basis of his plan. When he finishes, she still doesn't look convinced, but she hasn't drawn her wand to hex him, and Sirius takes that as a good sign. "Will you help me?" Sirius asks. Lily sighs deeply, pinching the bridge of her nose. "I already offered. May as well see it through," she says. James puts an arm around her, grinning. "We have so much in common, Evans. Both selfless enough to help our friends when they need us." "Remove your arm, or I will remove it from your body, Potter," she says sweetly before climbing to her feet. "I'll see what I can do, Sirius, but if he does have a thing for mature men, you've got a lot to work on." With that, she goes to the opposite end of the table to rejoin her friends. James stares off after her, smiling like an idiot. "She wants me." "Give it a month and you'll be planning your wedding together," Sirius agrees. "Mate, I've been planning that since we were eleven." … Benjy is hesitant when James and Sirius approach him. They're nice enough blokes, but he's all too familiar with their love of pranks. The last thing Benjy needs is to get caught in the middle of some childish scheme. "Can I help you?" he asks politely, though he can't help but to tense. "I need one of your jackets," Sirius answers. Benjy waits. Surely some stupid punchline will follow. After all, Sirius is notorious for his leather jackets. The rebellious look really works for him. Why would he want to trade his leather for tweed, if not to somehow make a joke or play a prank. Neither Sirius nor James laugh. In fact, when Benjy searches their face for any subtle signs of them taking the mickey, he finds only sincerity. "Why do you need my jacket?" he asks, though he's already shrugging the one he's wearing off. If Benjy has learned anything from watching the rowdy Gryffindor boys, it's that staying in their good graces is the best plan of action. Benjy would hate to become the next victim of a ridiculous prank. "I'm trying to win Remus' heart," Sirius answers. "Fair enough." Sirius hasn't exactly been secretive about his feelings for Remus. In fact, Benjy isn't sure how Remus hasn't noticed yet. It seems as though all of Hogwarts knows but the other boy involved. Sirius hands James his leather jacket and pulls Benjy's tweed one on instead. "Do I look mature?" he asks. "Jacket, yes," Benjy answers. "But the hair…" Sirius reaches up, pushing a hand through his long mess of shaggy hair. "What's wrong with my hair?" "Nothing! Nothing," Benjy assures him quickly. "But longer hair worn like that isn't exactly mature." Sirius scowls. "I'm not cutting my hair." James nods, ruffling his own short, messy hair. "Exactly. We can only have one stud with short dark hair in this group," he agrees. "I've owned that title for too long