Disclaimer: The One Ring isn't mine, neither is LotR, even if sometimes I call it 'my precious.' What prompted me to write was a stray thought that I have a handful of stories posted around here for some of my fandoms, but none for LotR, although it's the first fandom that drew me into it deeply enough to create something based on it. Thus, to correct the oversight, here is a fic with one of my favourite characters. This is Third Age. About one hundred years before Aragorn's birth. The Road West: 1 It was past their afternoon meal as the shadows began to lengthen when a group of merchants, holding a steady course along the Old Forest Road, heard a low howl. Still distant, it crept through the land with an eerie intensity of a lonely hunter whose life held no meaning without the prey. This call into the wilderness alarmed living creatures for it meant that the beast had found a trail, vague and snowed in, but one that contained hope for blood. "Is this a wolf call?" A small hand emerged from a pile of blankets inside one of the roofed sleighs to latch onto the adult. Erulien secured a bowl, in which she had been grinding minerals with dried plants into a warming paste, between the furs and her hip before gently covering the trembling hand with her own. "It is," she confessed steadily like it was something ordinary, something that needn't be feared. "Have you heard such howls before?" The eight year old wrinkled her forehead, attempting to arrange recollections and emotions, which was no small matter when instincts urged monsters to lurk behind the passing snowdrifts. "Yes, when I travelled with my father. Long time ago, maybe two or even three years. My father is not afraid of wild animals because he knows how to chase them away. He is always so strong. But…" she looked sadly at the man lying prone beneath the blankets. Tightly closed eyes and ragged breathing gave away an ill state in which he could not protect them anymore. "Your father will get better." Erulien hugged the girl closer. "Meanwhile, we have Garan and Rohan. They won't let anything bad happen to us." Black eyes scrutinised the adult, deciding whether to accept reassurances. Right outside, the sleigh blades swished across the land, following the hoof beat of the hefty horses. A mild gust of wind tugged at the flaps. Its appearance carried a word that the weather was soon to change. Erulien heard it, securing the child beside her. At last, the trust they've been building for the past two weeks won and Evalyn nodded. "You will make him better," she implored. "Have faith. I've been healing people at least for one thousand years," Erulien smiled. "But, your father will get well sooner only with your help. I believe we can depend on you." "I'll help," Evalyn promised. She shifted into a more comfortable position, restless to perform some task that would help in making her father well again. The mortar was still warm as Erulien passed it to the girl. "Secure the bowl like this." She put Evalyn's hands into the right positions and held her hands over the smaller ones to teach proper movements. The paste swirled sluggishly under the guided ministrations. "We don't want any lumps in the mixture," the elf explained. Evalyn became quickly immersed in the procedure, wrinkling her nose as she dealt with those pesky lumps. None were to slip past her vigilance. She picked up the skills fast. Most secondborn did; perhaps, because their lives flew by in a flurry, almost as fast as the snowflakes that waltzed down from the winter clouds. "I need you to work on this paste while I get something from my saddle bag. I will return soon," Erulien added as the child tensed, unwilling to lose a comforting presence. "Can I trust you to stay here and take care of your father?" The nod was an uncertain one, but honest nonetheless. Accepting it as permission to go, Erulien hopped off the sleigh and moved to the side of the road, waiting for the middle of their group to ride past. Natural blessings of the firstborn kept her on top of the massive snowdrifts where her companions would have fallen through up to their waists. Her attention was on two men who rode side by side, discussing something in muted voices. Garan was a burly man in the late forties who shouldered over thirty years of trading experience. Even since he joined a passing caravan at the age of fourteen, he had gone through all difficulties of the craft. Hardship taught him how to protect his wares from the packs of robbers and how to keep his people safe from the wild beasts. His mind was sharp and the moderate signs of grey in his beard matched the grey steel of the sword, sheathed reliably by his side until skills of a seasoned fighter were called upon by necessity. He secured leadership in the group through trust, including from the man beside him. Rohan was broad in the shoulders like any respectable mercenary and towered a head above his employer. Greatly surpassing the other in strength, he listened intently to his fifteen years senior like a student. Seeing them together, intensified the elf's ill premonition. Evalyn's doubt when she asked about the wolves had not been unfounded. There was a shadow following them, more dangerous than a common beast. Garan stopped as Erulien put her hand on his mount's withers when the pair aligned beside her. There was no room for Rohan to stop as well, thus he rode past. From the elevated position, Erulien didn't need to raise her head high up, which allowed a quiet exchange. "Those were no wolves we heard." "Rohan and I thought as much." The word 'wargs' drifted between them unspoken. The shadows began to dim as the sky lost its blue vibrancy. Erulien adjusted her footing on the slippery surface. Garan still waited for her ideas, but she had none. The warning in itself had been meant to be helpful. There was a sting of awareness that she shouldn't have interrupted the pair while they were discussing the defensive strategy. "I will leaf through my map for a safer location," Erulien said, motioning for him to proceed. "Thank you for looking out for the well-being of this group." There was no rush or panic, just a strong sense of purpose, as Garan adjusted a thick, leather glove to grip the reigns tighter and motioned his horse to the head of the column. Of course he knew how to defend this group. He and Rohan had already figured out the danger. Just because she was three thousand years old, didn't mean she knew better. It was mystifying how men could obtain greater wisdom by the age of fifty than some elves after millennia, but she had to put trust in Garan to form a defensive strategy without getting in his way. A healer knew far too little about fighting. Erulien straightened her shoulders to shake off the doubts. The men were going to do their jobs and she had to do hers. The snow was crisp as she jumped down and exchanged greetings with a middle-aged woman who rode an elegant mare. Slimmer and light on foot, though not as enduring, this steed was much different from the rest of the caravan's horses. "She missed you," the woman chuckled as the horse neighed softly at the sight of her owner. "Is she behaving?" Erulien asked. Velvety muzzle, turned towards her, demanded to be petted. Though, her mount had reached an understanding with the edain woman, Cloud was deeply attached to her elven owner. Galina's dark eyes, surrounded by emerging web of wrinkles, shone with clarity and intelligence. "Oh, she has gotten used to me riding her, but I could have sworn a few hours ago she was slyly eyeing one of the snowdrifts with an interest of depositing the rider into it." "You be good to Garan's wife. They're the ones providing our passage you know," Erulien chided gently as she stroked proudly bent neck. Cloud snorted. She was good. Erulien wished she could shortly indulge in jogging beside the pair and exchange playful banter. Except, Evalyn was waiting, protected only by duty of holding onto the bowl. Real monsters were not the healer's expertise, but at least the imaginary ones could receive a good scolding from her. "I need a map from my saddle bag and a dark-green roll hidden all the way at the bottom," she said to Galina. As the woman searched for the items, Erulien looked over her shoulder past the last sleigh. Behind the caravan stretched a flat landscape all the way to the silver curvature of the river bound in ice. Between them lay an unshielded bareness: just a few stubby hills and scant trees with their branches stretched up in a frozen prayer. There were no beasts wandering between them. Their group crossed tracks with no one. Sharp, elven eyes strained to see past the river all the way to the line of Greenwood the Great where the caravan had left a trail two days ago. It was hard to call it so these days, even for Silvan to whom it meant a beloved home. Mirkwood it became as the ancient evil stirred beneath the moss, snaked between the roots, rotting great trees from their source of life, and foul wind went as a ghost between the bushes and flowers, corrupting all touched by its breath. The roads no longer were safe even for warriors. Beasts, unseen since the Last Alliance, crept through the land. She could imagine them stumbling onto a human trail and hearing an instinctive whisper from the dark. At last – a chance to strike at the weakened link, separated in the wilderness. "I found them." Erulien nearly jumped out of her skin. She blinked. There was nothing behind them. She accepted the items from Galina and excused herself. The wind carried low clouds from the east. Small puffs of breath escaped as she laboured to catch up to her sleigh. There was no evident rush, but the caravan's pace increased as soon as Garan rejoined the front of the column. Erulien secured the flap behind her tighter than necessary, glad for Evalyn's presence as much as the child found comfort in her elven friend. "The mixture is perfect now," Erulien praised the girl without unneeded flattery before the other asked why she had to leave. Evalyn had done a very fair job of moulding the substance into a paste ready for use. "We're going to apply it to his upper chest," the healer explained. She folded a long cloth in half before smearing half a finger thick layer onto one side. Evalyn was trusted to hold on to the cloth, least in the narrow space someone stuck a knee or an elbow into the paste by accident, while the healer unbuckled a leather strap across his shoulder, and unbound the heavy coat and shirt. Together, they prompted up the patient and secured the bandage. Atamir regained awareness during the jostling and tried to rise up on his elbow. Her arms were around him and his breath was hot on her cheek. "You're stronger than you look," he told her quietly. Erulien was saved from an awkward reply by Evalyn's joyful yelp. Like a tiny whirlwind, she took possession of her father, securing the blankets around him. Galina called Garan a bigheaded snow-pig in the morning and Cloud licked away Dalik's stew while he was looking the other way. Atamir had to be informed about everything he had slept through. Erulien curled up with the map on the other end of the sleigh at times suppressing a smile at the bits of conversation. The caravan travelled along the west bank