Ballad of Reflections Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters. Except maybe the guy Elrond snaps at. Even then that's questionable. Anyways, J. R. R. Tolkien, yeah he owns everything. I'm just a humble servant of the muses that prod me into writing things. The forest was still in the young elf's passing, birds silent and gazing on curiously. Never had they seen one of the ever-young Children of Middle-Earth so solemn. Melancholy. Sadness glittered in deep eyes the color of twin sapphires, a pain as deep as the sea between Middle-Earth and the Undying Lands. The Undying Lands. That was where he should be, the elf mused to himself. Not alone, wandering the grand forests of Rivendell, mourning the loss of his other half. It was too late now, the last ships having parted, leaving behind all those that had swore to stay and guard what remained of magic in Middle-Earth, and those " like himself " that were simply fools. He turned his eyes upwards, gazing at the wide, empty halls of the once full and lively city he'd grown up in. Moisture glistened on black lashes. Was that a light in His window? No, it had to be wishful thinking, a pain-stricken heart creating visions in the hopes of healing itself. I'm going to die here. Alone. He shook his head, sable hair caressing pale cheeks as smooth as new cream, and took another step forward into the city that now belonged to he, and he only. An eternal city and eternal child, both newly bereft of their eternity and left to wither without a witness. "I will not go father." The boy sighed, shaking his head and crossing his arms, careful of the voluminous sleeves on his crimson velvet formal robes. Those words seemed to have become the young elf's personal mantra over the months since the Fellowship left Rivendell. Now, with the crowning of Aragon merely a week away, he had to repeat himself every morning, noon and night. He managed to count to one before Elrond Half-Elven, red-faced and clench-fisted, was blaring his predictable protests. "I will not lose all of my children to this dying land!" The elder bellowed, drew his chest up, bared his teeth. Truthfully he was imposing, even frightful, and everyone nearby in the halls cowered from the furious voice echoing off the stone walls. All but the younger elf. "Everyday is the same. ̃No, I won't go.' 'Yes you will.' 'You can't make me.' 'Do as I say.' Aren't you getting tired of this yet?" A constant litany, every day from waking 'til they finally slunk off to their beds in seeking refuge from the war of family duty. When the only daughter of Elrond swore not to cross in the Undying Lands, the Lord of Rivendell had been heartbroken, but relented, unable to deny his dearest Arwen the right to stay with her true love. Of course when his only daughter left, he expected his firstborn twin sons to go with him. It would seem Fate was not on his side. "Father, we have been over this subject a hundred times. More! You harangue Elledan and I from the time we rouse to the time we retreat to our chambers just to put a door between you and ourselves for a reprieve! You cannot convince us to revoke our decisions!" he shouted passionately, drawing startled looks from other elves. The blood of Elrond was clearly running through the veins of the slightly smaller brunette, who stood up to the elder elf with an expression just as immovable as the Lord of Rivendell's. For several moments they stood like that, two marble statues seeking to stare the other down in an eternal struggle that could never find a conclusion. This time is was the elder whose eyes turned away. "We shall see." he murmured dangerously before adding "You will either come to your senses or remain here alone." Elrohir was uncertain what was meant in those words, but he knew he didn't like the tone taken, and deep blue eyes narrowed as they followed the rippling layers of his father's fluttering robes, watching them disappear in a flash of gray and snap of cloth around the hall corner. "Impossible!" the young elf cried. Anyone who didn't know him would have swore he was Elrohir, when in fact he was the twin of the young lord-to-be. A perfect match from midnight tresses to ocean depth eyes. Only their taste in clothing separated them for the benefit of others. Caught in such a passionate outburst of refusal to believe what he was being told, upon standing " palms slapping down upon the desk he was at " he sent papers, inks and quills spiraling off to scatter on the stone floor. "Elrohir would never say such things!" the fiery elven warrior swore colorfully, clenching his fists against the delivered message, only able to hiss "Impossible!" again, so great and consuming was his fury. Elrond had cause to raise a brow when the younger elf's fist fell upon the wooden surface so hard the timber creaked, threatening to splinter. "I am sorry, Elledan," he offered calmly, soothing "but what I say is true. Elrohir will be accompanying me to the Undying Lands. He said he wanted to see your mother." He had added that last part in with a tentative verbal touch. He barely suppressed a smug smile when he noted his son's expression of pain. Even Elledan wanted to see their mother again, who had so long ago gone across the sea and left them behind. "I did not attempt to convince him otherwise. You know my standing on the matter." Elledan turned slowly, glaring out the window as Elrond did let slip a sly smirk. "I see. I have things to do before I prepared for the crowning, Father. If you would excuse me." The Lord of Rivendell had no desire to stop his son. The seeds of strife had been sown. Time would tell what benefits he could reap. "Father says Elledan has decided to leave. I do not understand. I thought you both were going to stay here for the coronation. The marriage? What about seeing your nephews and nieces?" Elrohir stared at the floor miserably, not even noticing when he slid the pin he was putting in Arwen's skirt into his thumb instead. He cursed, hissing in pain and sucking on his bleeding thumb before handing a handmaiden the pin with a snarl. Standing and turning away, he went to lean against the arch of a window overlooking the docks. Three days and Elledan would be leaving from that very stretch of mirror-surfaced liquid on a boat of betrayal and broken promises. "I do not understand myself. He will not speak to me. I have gone to his chambers twice and he will hear nothing from me. Father must have said something to him. But do not worry, Arwen. You still have me. I will not leave you without family." The young elf stated, albeit tonelessly. His sister sighed softly, stepping from the stool she'd been standing upon for her fitting and drifted across the floor on bare feet. Slender arms wrapped around his torso and he tensed briefly, before relaxing, closing his eyes as pale hands twined fingers together and a cheek was pressed into the back of his shoulder. "I want you both here and happy, Elrohir. I do not want you with a rift between you two. It does not bode well for the future." "There is no future for 'us', Arwen. I think now it will be only me." "Elrohir! Elledan! Friends!" The twins were embraced by strong arms, kisses pressed to matching soft cheeks scratched by a familiar dark beard. While they smiled genially to their good friend and future brother-in-law, they would not make eye contact with each other. It was like that the entire day. From the moment the rose from their beds, the two elves had made it a point to avoid one another, pain etched in their features. Whenever Arwen crossed their paths, they pretended as though nothing in the world could have been wrong. There was no reason to make her return to her lover-Ranger " now King of Men " a bitter one, with their own rivalry. Besides, there really were a lot of things to be happy about. Even Elrond was not in his usual sour mood. For all he absolutely hated Aragorn, for taking his daughter away, he still loved the man as only an ageless creature can love a human. Arms were clasped, hugs given and tears wept in the joyful reunions. Elledan and Elrohir spent the next two days in a particularly skilled dance. No one suspected anything, other than Arwen, who knew all, and Elrond, who started it. While the hobbits were still there, there were no end to pleasant distraction. Gimli and Legolas were a remarkable lift to sinking spirits and of course Gandalf, with his wild disregard for formality. The coronation was a success, of course, and immediately, a wedding was set into action. There was no such thing as "short notice" for this exchange of vows. Everyone who knew the story, knew this wedding was planned long before Arwen and Aragorn were even thoughts to their parents. This wedding was decreed long ago, when Gods placed bets together, and played games with mortal hearts. Somewhere, some God saw fit to tie two hearts together against impossible odds. No one was surprised when Arwen was crowned Aragorn's queen. The twins did well in the raucous lifestyle of celebrating Elves, mortals, Halflings, and one Dwarf. Drinking games were in abundance, dance was neverending. At the close of the third evening, all joy fled the mirror imaged elves, and the return to Rivendell was excruciating. "Where is Elrohir?" Elrond snarled under his breath, glaring at a pretty blonde elf who'd made the mistake of crossing the elven lord's path on the ship. He lowered his voice and schooled his expression when Galadriel looked across the deck at him, cool expression giving no hint as to what she was thinking. "I do not know, my lord. I had not seen him upon the docks." "Oh? And what of Elledan?" "I saw him upon the docks an hour past. I could not tell whence he came, my lord, but he boarded the boat. He left to retrieve something, I believe. I am certain he returned. Lady Galadriel spoke with him, before he went below deck." The elf replied, chewing on his full lower lip fearfully. Certainly everyone of the Galadhrim were terrified of Her Ladyship's temper. But Rivendell's lord was known for his violent outbursts as well, and the blonde had never witnessed one " nor wished to. "Good. Good." Elrond murmured, nodding, visibly relaxed. Elledan was on the ship, Elrohir would likely follow in short order. He was prepared to as the young elf another question when a delicate hand fell upon his shoulder. "We must go meet our guests, Elrond." The brunette tensed at Galadriel's voice and touch. Did she know of his schemes? "Of course, dear near-sister." He murmured, drawing himself up to his most regal stance, turning to look over the ship's prow at the approaching group. Elrohir gazed out the high windows of Rivendell, blue eyes glittering with tears he no longer had the strength to weep. He had wept for hours, hidden in the high tower of Elrond's palace, struggling to make his decisions. In the end, he rushed to the look-out, hair snapping in the wind as he gazed down upon the departure procession. Gandalf, a mighty hero of the world, his time finished and purpose complete. Bilbo Baggins, the once young Hobbit who had come to Rivendell with a troupe of dwarves, seeking elven aide. Frodo Baggins, the poor, unfortunate soul who was poisoned by so much of the world's evil, yet still saved