Hi guys this is SmilebeeHapppy and I got this idea while reading another story. It's a one shot I hope you enjoy… ;) Can I tell you a secret…? New York Alice sighs as she exits the airport, luggage being pulled behind, and takes a look at her surroundings hoping to spot her ride. Taking her eyes away from the sight in front her Alice begins to search or more like dig threw her purse to find her phone. She pushed in a few digits and placed the phone to her ear to hear it ring a few times before the other line clicked alerting her that someone picked up. " Hello? Rosalie Hale speaking" "Funny…shouldn't that be Rosalie McCarty?" Alice teased " Yeah but not yet it isn't but Allie I can't wait for it to be! Ya know?" Rosalie said sounding excited "Yeah…anyway Rose where is your bear of a husband? What happened to he'll be waiting out front when I stepped off the plane?" Alice asked " Well he left relatively early so he should be there…" Rosalie sighed "Relatively early huh…? Nice to know" Alice grumbled " Hey don't be like that…try looking for a hummer. You know Emmett its go big or go home." Rosalie told her Alice took a min to look around the parking area until she spotted a big silver hummer. "Is it silver" Alice asked Rosalie " Bingo! Ding ding ding we have a winner!" Rosalie giggled "Fucking smart ass…" Alice growled " You love me anyway…but Alice there is something I need to tell you before you hang up. You'llbestayingatahotel" Rosalie rushed out "What!?" Alice nearly screamed " You'll be staying at a hotel?" Rosalie said "Rose what the fuck? When did this happen?" Alice groaned " I'm sorry it was last minute I swear! Emmett's mother was supposed to because she volunteered since she was most likely be the last one to arrive but then she decided last minute she didn't want to. I swear that women is the most indecisive person I ever met!" Sighed Rosalie "Rose!" Whined Alice " I am so sorry! Honestly! Can't wait to see you…and besides I need you to be happy because well it's my wedding week." Rose pleaded "Ugh…bye Hale" Alice groaned sounding pissed "… See you in a little while…" Was all that was said and then the line went dead. Alice placed her phone back into her purse and looked around for Emmett's hummer again. She spotted it a few feet away and made her way over. As Alice got closer she saw Emmett at the steering wheel looking around with a bored expression etched across his face. Alice knocked twice on the passenger seat window to grab his attention. Emmett looked over and his face lit up and he scrambled out of the driver's side and ran over to engulf Alice into a bear hug. "Little Allie! Allie cat! I missed you so much!" Emmett told her sounding like an excited child Laughing. "Ha ha Emmett okay place me back down and loosen up I'm having trouble breathing!" Alice giggled "Sorry! But I am really excited to see you. I'm so glad you're going to be at the wedding and oh I know that there is going to be this really pretty brunette there. She's helping with décor. Heh heh…" Chuckled Emmett "Ugh Em don't go setting me up. I am perfectly fine being alone at the moment." Alice sighed "I wasn't I was just giving you a heads up…anyway come on let me take those bags and lets hit the road already Rose is dying to see you." Emmett smiled "Okay…let's get going" Alice said as she handed over her bags to Emmett Emmett placed her luggage in the back of his hummer and they were off. "So LA how is it. I always wanted to visit but you know because of work and everything I am constantly busy." Emmett sighed "Well I mean it's nothing special just like any other city only difference is there are stars walking around all the time it gets boring after a while." Alice shrugged "Ah okay…but still! Celebrities everywhere!" chuckled Emmett "Ugh just shut up and drive Emmett…" After a little while longer Emmett finally pulled into the drive way of his and Rose's home. "Oh ok so you live here huh? Rose was right when she said you're a go big or go home type of guy." Giggled Alice "HA yeah that's me!" said Emmett giving Alice a dimpled smile The door swung open and Alice once again was tackled into a hug "Allie! Oh my God it's so good to see you! I missed you so" Rose said with excitement "Awe I feel so loved and wanted…but you know I would feel a lot more loved if I was actually staying here but of course not…" Alice frowned and then smirked when she saw Rose smile falter. "It's okay I was just teasing" Alice said smiling "I really am sorry about that Alice…" Rose sighed "Rosie its okay I was just teasing…partly but anyway show me inside will ya?" Alice smiled "Yes of course…but I have to warn you it's pretty busy inside Al." Rose warned "I can handle it no problem…" Alice giggled When the three of them finally stepped in they were bombarded with the sight of caters everywhere and Rose was swept away by some unknown person who Alice could only guess was a wedding planner or something. Chuckling. "Come on its too much going on down here…Oh I know let me show you around really quickly. Starting upstairs cuz honestly I'm not the wedding planning type. Well…" Emmett trailed off "Em what's wrong…Oh" Alice said as her eyes went wide "Yup I told ya don't get me wrong she is pretty but I have Rosie and that's all I need. If you want to get to know her…" Smiled Emmett. "Emmett why do I feel like you knew she was up here…" Groaned Alice "Because I did! And oh come on Allie she's single and gay!" Giggled Emmett like a small child "Emmett I told you already I am fine being by myself…" Alice said but it didn't even sound believable to herself anymore once she took one look at the beautiful brunette. "Ok whatever you say…Hey Bella can you help my friend please!" Emmett smirked "EMMETT!" Alice exclaimed "See ya later Allie cat…good luck!" Laughed Emmett Alice glared daggers into Emmett's back as he rushed off. When she turned back around she saw Bella looking at with a questioning look on her face. "Uh well how may I help you?" Bella said gently looking nervous and her eyes was looking everywhere but Alice. "Well nothing really my friend was just being an ass. I'm sorry if I just wasted your time…" Alice said sounding apologetic "Oh no no its okay I really wasn't doing anything anyway…" Bella said giving Alice a small smile "Oh okay." Alice said smiling back Silence filled the space between them. It wasn't awkward but it wasn't comfortable either. "HEY PIXIE ARE YOU UP THERE!?" Rosalie called breaking the silence "YEAH!" Alice called back "Well see ya around probably at the wedding?" Bella said sounding hopeful "Yeah of course. See ya later Bella…" Smiled Alice Bella gave her one last smile and turned around to go do whatever it was she needed to do "So you was talking to Bella huh?" Smirked Rosalie "I…I was uh…yes?" Alice stuttered out "Nice because even I have to admit she is quite a looker." Smiled Rose "Yeah she really is beautiful…" Alice agreed "You should ask her out ya know. Who knows maybe she will say yes and besides she keep stealing looks over here at us or should I say you?" Snickered Rosalie Alice turned her head slightly and looked at the corner Bella was working in to find Bella quickly look away. Alice smirked slightly. "Maybe I will…" "Hey girls…come on Alice we should get going you have to check in soon." Emmett said "Yeah alright see ya Rose…Bye Bella" Called out Alice with a wink in her direction Bella blushed and gave her a shy wave "Yup I still got it" Laughed Alice as her and Emmett walked down the stairs and out of the house "Ha I told you you would like her Allie." Smiled Emmett Alice leveled a glare at him. "Yes but you didn't have to do it that way though!" Emmett put his hands up in defense. "Yeah but if I haven't you would have never talked to her" "Ugh fine whatever…" Alice groaned It didn't take long to arrive at the hotel and to unpack her bags. Once she was finished Emmett said his goodbye and left. Alice flopped onto the hotel bed and before she knew it drifted off to sleep. …. Beep beep beep beep "Ugh the fuck…?" groaned Alice as she eyed the clock 8:15A.M Alice rolled out bed and gathered what she was going to wear today and made her way to the hotel room shower. Sigh. "I am so fucking tired…" Alice whined, She cut the faucet on and began to undress as she undressed Bella crossed her mind and heat started to form between her legs. Whispering to herself. "No nope not happening this cannot be happening…it's not going to happen" Alice switched the water from warm to straight cold and stepped in with a small hiss because of the temperature. While later…Wednesday 2:30P.M A buzzing sound could be heard from her night stand. Alice looked over to see that it was phone. "Hello?" " Hey Allie cat. It's me Emmett and I was just wondering if you were still coming over? Rose misses you even though she just saw ya ass yesterday and a special someone would probably be glad to see you aggggaaaiiin." Sing song Emmett . "Ugh fine but only if you come get me" Alice told him " Oh oh yeah no problem I knew if I said that Bella wanted to see you your ass would jump at the opportunity but if I just said Rose you would have to think about it" Teased Emmett "What that isn't true just come get me you oversized mutt" Alice grumbled " That is so mean Allie. I thought you loved me?" Emmett whined "Emmett just come on already! Call when you're out front…"Alice sighed " Heh okay…I'm out front…" Laughed Emmett "What the hell you already planned to come and get me didn't you…wait Rose sent you? Didn't she!" Alice accused " Ah well yeah…just come down…heh" Chuckled Emmett "Unbelievable you know that both of you" Alice groaned " Well yes yes we are" He agreed Alice decided that it would be better if she just hung up and left her hotel room. "Allie cat long time no see" Emmett smirked "Shhhh Emmett you're giving me a headache" Alice teased They both climbed into the hummer, Emmett slightly helping Alice, and began to drive back to his and Rosalie's place. "…Rose really does want to see you and Bella too. You know she asked what your name was just for verification because she wasn't sure she heard right. I think she likes you or at the most finds you attractive and it works she's like 5'7 and your 5'3. You like tall girls and every girl loves a mini!" Laughed Emmett "Oh yeah you're so funny…but she did ask about me right? Don't joke…besides I am thinking that maybe I will ask her out to coffee or something before or after your wedding. Speaking of your wedding isn't it like in three days?" Alice asked "Well yeah it is oh wait maybe you can ask her out beforehand that way you can take her as your date. Since you didn't want to be in the wedding." Pouted Emmett "…Maybe…is she doing anything today or is