Thank you to the incomparable bunnyhops for her beta work! I do not own Harry Potter & Co. They belong to JK Rowling. I'm going to say this is EWE - several years after the war and we find a united British Wizarding community. I have a couple chapters written and will try to post weekly. I'm looking at 8 chapters in the end. Chapter One Sirius Black slowly looked around him, trying to find his destination in the rain. The clouds blocked the half moon that was out that night and the street he was on had very few lamps. Sirius figured that may have been on purpose. He reached into his pocket and felt the smooth metal key that he'd been given a few weeks prior. He'd gotten it from an old acquaintance while he was in Monaco along with some very cryptic directions. The wizard insisted that if he was returning to London, this particular entertainment was right up his alley. Sirius had been living it up since the war ended. He'd spent over a decade in Azkaban for a crime he didn't commit and was only free for what felt like a minute before he was shoved into the Veil. His time in the Veil was better than the prison, but only because he couldn't recall much of it. He did remember his cunt of a cousin Bellatrix shooting an Avada Kedavra at him without hesitation. As the spell hit him, he felt the mist in the Veil reach out for him. Sirius wasn't sure why, but the Veil pulled him in and arrested the progression of the curse, holding him in suspension. Regardless of why, it was a whole lot of nothing happening to him for years. When that bitch Bella was killed, the magic of her spell evaporated and the Veil released its hold on him. All of a sudden and without warning, Sirius was spit out. He'd missed the fights, the battles - all of it. Sirius felt left out and useless. Not one to dwell on unpleasant feelings, Sirius threw himself into the reconstruction efforts. Once that was done, Sirius watched all his friends settle back into their lives. Sirius wasn't particularly interested in settling down since he had spent so much time confined. So he travelled. In the past four years, he's circumvented the globe three times. He lay on beaches, climbed mountains, explored caves, and went diving for lost treasure. He went to hot new clubs, casinos, and restaurants; making friends where ever he went. Sirius did try to return home a few times each year. He visited with his friends, though he was never out of touch. Sirius was a surprisingly good correspondent. London still felt like home, no matter where he went. He'd even had Grimmauld Place thoroughly renovated. Hardly anyone recognized the Black ancestral home anymore. Kreacher didn't survive long after the war ended and Sirius hired a pair of nice free elves to look after the place. Well, to be fair, a certain Muggle-born witch with a passion for elf rights found them, interviewed them, and brought the pair to his house; but Sirius did hire them. Sirius finally noticed a door, such a deep, dark forest green that it initially looked black in the night. A small brass plaque next to the door read Emerald Cabaret. Sirius tried the handle, but it didn't budge. He chuckled at himself as he fished the key out of his pocket. He was told this place didn't advertise and no one could get in without a key. How intriguing , he thought as he tapped the key to the handle and watched the door silently glide open. Sirius stepped into a very small room that was mirrored on both sides. Ahead of him was a very striking, tall blonde witch dressed in a low cut emerald green, sequined evening gown. She stood at a substantial ebony podium and behind her was a dark green velvet curtain. Sirius imagined that his destination was in the other side of the curtain. "Good evening, sir." The witch smiled politely. "May I have your name?" "It is a good evening," Sirius responded, flashing his best smile. The witch didn't swoon, which was unusual. "I'm Sirius Black. An acquaintance of mine gave me this in Monaco." He held up the key, but the witch didn't seem to care about it one way or the other. "Just a moment, Mr. Black," she said. She lifted her wand and tapped a large silver metal disk. He saw his name flash on it and then disappear as it sank into the metal. Apparently, the key would just get you in the door. Sirius wondered for the first time who owned this club and if they were in charge of vetting people for admission. After about thirty seconds, the disc glowed green and the witch's smile widened just slightly. "Welcome to Emerald, Mr. Black." Sirius felt her smile was genuine now. She stepped to the curtain and drew it aside. Sirius could feel the excitement welling inside him. He couldn't see into the darkness on the other side, but that was part of what was making him so giddy. He grinned at the hostess with boyish glee and she just nodded knowingly to him. "Enjoy yourself," he heard her say as he ventured through the curtain. Sirius turned a corner and barely had a moment to take in his surroundings before a young wizard in black ushered him to a small table. The wizard asked if he would care for refreshment and Sirius got the distinct impression that whatever food or beverage he requested would be provided. "The best firewhiskey you have that's already open," Sirius replied. It was only after the wizard nodded and left that he wondered if he should've amended his order to something like, the best firewhiskey under twenty galleons. He shrugged and dismissed the thought. He had plenty of money and it would be interesting to see what they had at this particular establishment. It would be another piece of data to help him understand this mystery place. Sirius turned his attention to the room and the stage. A heavy emerald velvet curtain covered the stage, which seemed like it was a good size for the room. Sirius focused on the other patrons for a moment. Tables ranged in size, seating single wizards, couples, and large groups. He wasn't the only wizard there alone, but most people brought company. There were more witches there than he'd anticipated, but that was likely because he hadn't expected any. A number of the patrons were relatively young, about Harry's age he guessed, and those were the larger groups. Sirius grinned to himself thinking what he and his follow Marauders would've made of a place like this in their youth, quickly deciding it was probably better that they'd never been to a gentleman's club. Overall, it was a good mix of magical folks. The common thread throughout the audience was the clear presence of money, old and new. Sirius had a talent for recognizing designer robes and real jewels. There was not a single knock-off garment or glass 'diamond' in the room. "Our best whisky," an amused female voice said as she slid the glass in front of him. "Ginny Weasley!" Sirius could not have been more surprised. He stood and hugged the redhead tightly. "It's been so long! Let me look at you!" Sirius took a step back and Ginny beamed at him. He'd seen her last year and she looked generally the same, cute and fit. Her long red hair now had noticeable streaks of gold, but the biggest change was her clothing. "I don't think I've seen you in a dress more than a handful of times," Sirius laughed. "You look stunning!" Ginny blushed and motioned for him to sit, joining him at the other seat at his table. "It's nice to swap jeans and trainers or Quidditch gear for a dress once in a while," she smiled. The black cocktail dress with the flared crinoline skirt managed to look sweet and sophisticated, or so Sirius thought. Sirius nodded in agreement and sipped his fire whiskey. "Damn," he muttered, looking down at his glass. This drink was exceptional; one of the best he'd ever had. There was no way it was going to be cheap. "This is good." "It better be at thirty five galleons a glass," Ginny laughed. Sirius almost choked on the precious liquid. "Next time don't order the best unless you're prepared for the consequences." "It is good," Sirius grinned, "But maybe only for special occasions in the future." "It's on the house," she replied easily. Sirius arched his brow in question. "I work here." Sirius blanched slightly as he looked between the covered stage and the baby daughter of some of his oldest friends. He didn't know if he would be able to stay for the show. "Not on stage, Sirius!" Ginny laughed, swatting him on the arm. "I assist with talent scouting and am the primary choreographer for the club." Sirius felt relieved. All that was fine with him and he very much wanted to see the show, so much so that he considered watching his friends' daughter in a state of undress. "I thought you worked for the Hollyhead Harpies," Sirius said, sipping his drink. Ginny didn't write him often, but Harry wrote very newsy letters on a regular basis. "Oh I still do," Ginny explained. "During the off season, there isn't too much to do and my assistant coach job is really just part time even in season. I have time for both really." "I'm surprised no one mentioned this in letters." Sirius was fishing. Did everyone know of her job? "The club has only been open for a bit over six months and Mum hasn't decided how she feels about it yet. She won't let any of the boys come until she decides if this is demeaning or empowering for the ladies in the show," Ginny said, rolling her eyes a bit. "I'm going to vote for empowering!" Sirius smiled, raising his glass and making Ginny laugh aloud. "Besides, no one in my family has the cash for this place," Ginny smirked. "Tell me about this place, would you?" Sirius all but demanded. He was curious when his acquaintance had given him the key, and the curiosity increased for every moment he'd been inside. From the hostess, who didn't fall for an ounce of his considerable charm, to the best fire whiskey he'd ever had, to the young witch sitting next to him, this place was nothing he was used to. "The Emerald Cabaret opened earlier this year and is wizarding Britain's premier establishment for adult entertainment." Ginny looked proud as she gave her spiel, which made Sirius smile. He already knew he'd tell her it was great even if it were shite. "We are part burlesque, part gentlemen's club, and part variety show. It'll start in five minutes. I'll let you see the acts for yourself, so you can be surprised. We have shows Friday and Saturday nights each month, but we're thinking about adding some special shows around holidays." "You don't charge an entrance fee?" "Oh no," Ginny shook her head. "This is a member's only establishment. Members pay a monthly fee or can pay for the entire year at a five percent reduction. Members get their own key, four guest passes per month, and three guest keys to give out to others. As you know, the guest key will get you in the door but you still need to be approved by management. If the person you gave a key to goes on to become a member, you get fifty percent off of your dues for the next month." "Ah," Sirius said, understanding why an acquaintance had given him a key. "That's cunning. What are the monthly membership dues?" Ginny's grin turned absolutely