DISCLAIMER: Unfortunately I do not own anything Harry Potter related! Massive thanks to my beta, LaBelladone. She works so hard for me, that I should just call her my co-writer at this point. Much appreciated love x I was going to leave this as a one shot, but I've changed my mind. I'm sure you all want to know what Blaise and Ginny think about this development! New chapter up soon! War of the Roses "In the library again, Granger?" The voice caught her by surprise, she didn't realise anybody else was in the library at this time of night. She recognised the voice though. Not him, again! Rolling her eyes skywards, she stood up from her crouched position in front of the lower shelves (Health & Fitness), dusted off her clothes, and turned to face him. He was leaning against one of the other book shelves (Anatomy & Physiology), his legs crossed at the ankles and arms folded against his chest. For Godric's sake! Did he have to look so hot standing there in his Quidditch uniform? "Yes, Malfoy," she gushed, her face lighting up in mock surprise. "Your observation skills have really improved; I am in the library again." She turned back to the shelves; it was so hard to look at that face and not salivate. "You know full well that Madam Pince asked me to help her this term, you were there when she asked. So, the question is, Malfoy, what are you doing in here so late?" she asked, trying to focus on the dusty tome at her eye level (A Celebration of Celibacy Throughout the Magical Age by Tryphina Rabbit) . Her eyes decided to ignore her brain, however, and turned back to him. Bloody traitors! His blond hair was falling around his face, looking as soft as silk. What could it possibly feel like running through -? Shut up, brain! His cool-grey eyes were staring intently at her, and that Quidditch uniform looked far too good on him. It was a good job he was Slytherin; green suited him to perfection (red made her look pasty). His name was printed on both sides of his shirt along with the number seven for his seeker position, giving him a commanding air. She didn't understand where her fascination with him had come from but she liked to think that his behaviour that fateful day at Malfoy Manor had something to do with it. Once she had recovered from her torture, and had time to reflect, Hermione concluded that Draco Malfoy was a good person. He had never wanted to follow in his father's footsteps and become a Death Eater, he didn't carry out Voldemort's order to kill Dumbledore, and he'd helped them out twice at the Manor - first by his lies to his bat-shit-crazy aunt and, second, when Harry had fought him for the wands. Thinking back she realised he hadn't even put up a fight. He was still, however, the arrogant prick who'd bullied her for years. There wasn't much improvement except he refrained from using that word now. Things hadn't worked out between herself and Ron, Hermione was convinced they were much better off as friends. Ron hadn't caught up with her way of thinking but that was his fault, not hers. Seamus showed interest in her but - ugh! Don't want to remember that night! A night in Malfoy's bed wouldn't be turned down, perhaps she'd show him just how much of a stuck-up prude she was...not. But that was never going to happen. Things had changed between them since the end of the war, even though they still verbally sparred at every opportunity. She had noticed their spats didn't quite carry the malice they once did but, even so, nothing was ever going to happen there. Yes, he was so easy to look at but, to Hermione, he was still that elitist, entitled, spoilt little mummy's boy who tormented her since she was eleven. "I was just passing, Granger." The lie rolled off his tongue as he continued. "I saw the lights on, reckoned Madam Pince had fallen asleep in the stacks again, and came to check." Oh, Draco Malfoy was completely aware that Hermione was helping the scatty old librarian; meeting her in the library was the only chance he had to get her alone. So what if he fancied Gryffindor's Princess just a bit? Another lie. He wanted her. But did she feel the same? Not a chance! How could she? He was an ex-Death Eater, not to mention he'd bullied her mercilessly for six years. There was no way she thought of him as anything more than an arrogant, pure-blooded prick, so he played his part. "Yes, well, as you can see, it's just me so you can bugger off now, Malfoy." replied Hermione, turning away from him, again, to the large pile of books she was currently cataloging. Most of the library had been destroyed during the final battle and, even though reconstruction works were now complete and the academic books were replaced, there was still piles of older books to reorganise even if they were never read. "I'm curious, Granger," he mocked. "Why are you so obsessed with books? Did you have no friends growing up amongst all those disgusting muggles?" That was one way to rile his witch up and, yes, he did think of her as his witch. She just didn't know it yet. He loved watching her tense up and redden with anger; he needed her angry with him, he had to act this way; it was the only way to protect his heart. "Merlin, Malfoy, you're such a wanker. Why can't you just piss off and leave me alone?" Tears pricked her eyelids but Hermione wouldn't give him the satisfaction of seeing her upset by his words. She turned away instead and walked towards the doors. If she hid in the girls' bathroom for a few minutes, she could resume her work once he'd left the library and slithered back to his dorm. He managed another insult, however, as he followed her. "I hope you don't kiss your muggle mother with that mouth, Granger." He laughed, as he strolled out through the double doors, hands in pockets. Hermione leaned against the nearest bookshelf (Teenage Angst/Romance - Ginny's favourite section) and slid down to the floor. She buried her face in her hands as she cried her heart out. His mentioning of her mother stabbed at her fragile heart; he didn't know the Ministry couldn't reverse the memory charm she'd put on her parents. They were lost to her. Once Kingsley had informed her of their failure, she'd agreed to leave Monica and Wendell Wilkins in Australia. Perhaps she could, one day, reverse the spell. She wasn't called The-Brightest-Witch-Of-Our-Age for nothing. Sure, she had Harry, Ron (well, sort of at the moment), Ginny, The Weasleys, and her other friends to keep her sane but it wasn't the same as having her parents there. This was one of the main reasons she'd said yes to helping Madam Pince with the books; she was hoping to find something about memory charms in the old books. She hadn't found anything to date but she'd keep going. Hermione missed her mother and father terribly. Although she knew where they were, she had decided not to interfere in their lives until a reversal spell could be found. She just wished that Malfoy would stop being a wanker to her all the time. Deciding that she'd had enough for one night, Hermione wiped her eyes with the heels of her hands, picked her bag up, and headed out the doors. She would just have to get up earlier in the morning to finish her library project. And, being a true Gryffindor, she did just that. Having spent two hours finishing her work in the library, Hermione met up with Ginny outside their dorm. She sighed loudly as she adjusted the strap of her bag on her shoulder. Ginny turned to look at her best friend. "What's wrong, Mione? You're in a funny mood this morning," the red-haired witch observed. "It's nothing, Gin. Just Malfoy being a prick last night, as usual. I had to get up extra early this morning to finish up in the library. I was too upset - ." "He mentioned your parents, didn't he?" Ginny interrupted. If there was one thing to put that look on Hermione's face, it was the mention of her parents. Even she, Harry, and Ron knew not to raise the subject. They'd spoken about it between themselves but there wasn't much they could do to help, apart from be there when she got angry about it. That didn't happen often, however. Thank Merlin, she thought. Her friend certainly had a temper on her, especially when it came to a certain blond-haired Slytherin twat. Ginny had to deal with him quite a lot, seeing as she was dating Blaise Zabini, and the two of them were close. Normally she could just ignore the idiot but lately his arguments with Hermione were getting out of control. They only had to be in each other's company for a few minutes before they verbally went for each other, throwing insults and hexes. Hermione certainly wasn't letting Draco get away with his usual behavior towards her this year; she'd been hardened from the war. Harry and Ron weren't hanging out of her anymore - they didn't need her so much, but there was also the situation with her parents, and the aftermath of her prolonged torture. Enter a new, maybe not-so-improved but certainly take-no-shit, Hermione Jean Granger. Ginny also noticed that Hermione's language had changed; she cursed more, especially when complaining about the ferret. "I'm so sorry, Mione. Do you want me to speak to Blaise? Maybe he can get Malfoy to back off a bit," asked Ginny. She didn't like seeing her best friend upset. "No Gin, it's fine. To be fair, he doesn't know about the situation with my mum and dad. He was just trying to get a rise out of me as bloody usual," she replied, smiling back. "I shouldn't let the pointy-faced ferret get to me." Turning the corner, however, they came face-to-face with said pointy-faced ferret. Blaise was standing next to him and Ginny walked straight into his open arms. Kissing her lightly on the lips, he wished her good morning. They both turned their heads towards the pair who were now glaring at each other. "Here we go again," Blaise whispered into Ginny's ear. Rolling her eyes, Ginny gave a slight nod just as Malfoy opened his mouth. "Weaselette, Granger, good morning," Draco began, staring at Hermione, "Sweet Salazar, Granger, what the fuck is wrong with your hair? Did a bunch of Irish pixies break into your room and have a party on your head last night?" He smirked at her, clearly pleased with his first dig of the day. "Is that the best you can come up with, ferret?" Hermione responded, rolling her eyes at him and sighing. She so wasn't in the mood for him this morning, not after last night. "I don't know, Granger. Let me grab a coffee then I'm sure I'll come up with something better." "Oh, for Merlin's sake," Ginny moaned into Blaise's ear. "Tell me about it." Her boyfriend grumbled. "Every time they see each other it's like this. What are we going to do about it? I've no intention of ever letting you go, Gin, so the pair of them are going to have to learn to get along with each other." Ginny smiled at his statement; she felt the same way. Leaning up to him so the others wouldn't hear, she whispered, "Leave it with me, I'll sort it out. Where's Theo right now?" "Erm, think he said he was going straight to the library before lessons," Blaise answered. "Ok, I need to speak to him. I'll see