A/N: Okay so first off I just want to say that this is my first fanfic, so please, be kind. I also would like to say that even though I love the HP books, this story will be based more off what's in the movies, starting in the beginning of HBP and going until the end of the series. So if you have a problem with the movies, then this fanfic isn't really for you. Secondly, this will follow events mostly centered around my OC. I will leave most of the plot alone, only adding in a few differences here and there to coincide with my own character and plot. New events will be added into the story, but it will basically follow the same timeline as the movies. I have changed a few things already in this chapter, for example, Theodore Nott is different than how he is portrayed in both the books and the movies and Draco is good friends with him and Blaise Zabini, instead of Crabbe and Goyle who I cannot stand. Third, the rating to this story is M, there will be fluff and lots of it, but not right away. Fourth, I'm from the US and have been googling different terms that are used in the Harry Potter world to make it seem...more realistic I suppose, but please don't get mad if I get something wrong. Lastly, if you don't like this, then just don't read it. I welcome reviews and comments or whatever but please, no flames. I'm just doing this for fun and because I love to write and I love Draco's character and think the whole Dramoine thing has been done a lot, so I thought to try something different. Anyway, here it is. R&R! Anna Gilbert's parents were weary of sending her back to Hogwarts, claiming that it was too dangerous for her and that they wanted her home safe with them. She'd ultimately refused them, explaining to them that there was no safer place for her to be than at the school with Dumbledore. As long as he was around, the school was safe and You-Know-Who couldn't touch Hogwarts. Her father didn't know as much about the situation as her mother, being that he was a Muggle, but he knew enough to understand that it was dangerous and Anna couldn't deny that. You-Know-Who was back and he was seeking vengeance. Her mother, on the other hand, knew more about it and wasn't as persistent about keeping her home. She knew, from having attended Hogwarts that she would be safe but the threat of the Dark Lord still made her reluctant. In the end, Anna had won the argument and she now sat on the Hogwarts Express in a compartment with Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, Luna and Neville. She had always been good friends with Ginny and Ron, considering they were her cousins. Arthur Weasley and Anna's mother, Jocelyn were brother and sister. Thankfully, Anna hadn't inherited the fiery red Weasley hair and instead got her father's brown locks. Her Aunt Molly and Uncle Arthur were like second parents to her and she'd practically grown up in the Burrow with her seven cousins. Having been an only child, the red-heads were like her siblings. Especially Ginny – the two girls had been inseparable since birth and were more like sisters than cousins. Ron, Fred and George were also close to her age, so they were like her older brothers and very protective over Anna and Ginny. It made not having any siblings better because they were the next best thing. Harry and Hermione had become her good friends as well, along with Neville and Luna after taking part in the DA with them and fighting alongside them in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries. They were a big part of the reason why she needed to come back to Hogwarts. She needed to be with her friends, even if it meant being in danger. She knew they would come back and she couldn't bear something happening to them without her being there to help. "What was Draco doing with that weird looking cabinet? And who were all those people?" Harry was saying quietly and Anna couldn't help but get the feeling that he was speaking only the Hermione and Ron and she tried to tune them out and listen to what Luna was talking to Neville and Ginny about but it didn't work. "Don't you see? It was a ceremony, an initiation." "Stop it, Harry," Hermione quipped, staring at her friend in disbelief. "I know where you're going with this." "It's happened," Harry insisted and Anna licked her lips, staring at Neville and trying not to make it obvious that she was eavesdropping. "He's one of them." "One of what?" Ron asked, obviously not understanding what Harry was talking about. Hermione let out an exasperated sigh. "Harry's under the impression that Draco Malfoy is now a Death Eater." Anna's eyes widened and she wondered idly how Harry would have ever come up with that assumption. Yes, Malfoy was a git, an evil prat and had made their lives hell all their years at Hogwarts, but a Death Eater? No, he was too big of a wimp to be one of the Dark Lord's followers. Ron scoffed. "You're barking. What would You-Know-Who want with someone like Malfoy?" Anna tuned out then, knowing that the conversation was invalid to her anyhow and focused on Luna talking about Gnargles and how she'd found a whole pack of them wandering around in her garden over the summer vacation. Beside her, Ginny snickered and Anna couldn't help but do the same. "I'm hungry, want to go get something off the trolley with me?" the red-head asked and Anna nodded eagerly. The corridors of the train were always crowded and had first years running around like chicken's with their heads cut off, eager to make new friends. The girls dodged the new students and found the snack trolley. Anna bought her favorite Bertie Bots Ever Flavor Beans and Ginny a Pumpkin Pasty. They stood against the wall of the train, enjoying their treats. "So, how long did it take for you to convince your father to let you come back?" Ginny asked, taking a nibble of her pasty. Anna rolled her eyes. "A while. He was so bloody annoying about it, even after Mum explained that I would be fine." "He's just worried about you. My mum was weary about it too, but Dad convinced her." "I actually think he spoke to my father too," Anna said with a smile. Good old Uncle Arthur, always pulling through. Ginny was about to answer when someone knocked into her shoulder, throwing her off balance for a moment and shoving her into Anna. The girls looked up, expecting an apology but knowing there was no way they would get one when they realized who had bumped them. Draco Malfoy stood in front of them, his usual arrogant smirk plastered on his pointy face. He wore a black dress coat and black slacks and his bleach blonde hair was slicked to the side as it always was. He glared at them with icy blue eyes, hatred eminent in them. "Get out of my way, you hags," Malfoy spat, squaring his shoulders defensively at the two girls. "Didn't your parents ever teach you manners, Malfoy?" Anna shot back, moving to stand somewhat in front of Ginny. She was used to tiffs with the Slytherin and the happened a lot more often than not. She knew how to handle him. "Or have they seemed to slip your mind since Daddy's found a new home in Azkaban?" She saw the fire ignite in his eyes at the mention of his father and he took a step closer to her. Merlin, she'd forgotten how tall her was, had he always been that big? She barely came up to his wide shoulders now and he seemed to swallow up her small frame. "Watch your tongue, Half-Blood, if you know what's good for you," he snarled through his teeth. Anna's eyes narrowed. "You don't scare me, Malfoy." He licked his lips and locked his jaw as he stared down at her with evil eyes and she couldn't help but get lost in the see of blue for a moment before pulling herself back. Damn him for being so cunningly attractive. Draco smirked and she fretted that he'd noticed her little moment of weakness. "Don't underestimate me, Gilbert," he growled lowly, then glared at Ginny for a second before dismissing himself. Anna scowled after him and Ginny just shook her head. "I wonder if he'll ever stop being such an ass," Ginny mused. Anna shook her head. "Never." They returned the compartment with their friends and found Harry missing. Apparently he went out to get some air but Anna could see that Hermione didn't believe the excuse. Harry had probably gone to spy on Malfoy considering his earlier accusations. Great, this year was already turning out to be interesting. Would they ever be able to have a quiet year at Hogwarts? No, the answer was always no. Draco made his way through the train towards the Slytherin car, shoving past anybody who seemed to be in his way. His blood was still boiling from his encounter with the Weasley girl and her Half-Blood cousin and he couldn't help but picture her face in his mind. He'd never gotten along with her and it was mainly because she was a Weasley but also because she made sure to get on his every nerve. Gilbert was friends with Potter and the rest of his gang of misfits and that automatically put her farther down in his book. Not to mention she seemed to think she was better than he was and thought that standing up to him made her brave. No, it made her stupid. Stupid to think that she would ever stand a chance against him. She was young and naïve and knew nothing about what was to come. She was there at the Battle of Mysteries last year and was part of the reason his father now occupied a cell in Azkaban, but that was nothing compared to what was coming. The Dark Lord had plans. His arm throbbed a bit, the pain of his new Mark still there and pulsing slightly against his skin. He forced himself not to think about it. He couldn't draw attention to it, nobody could know what he was now, it would break him. He hadn't wanted to take the Mark. Not truly. He'd only done it because of his mother and her safety. If he didn't join Voldemort, she would be killed and so would he. They were being punished for Lucius' mistakes and now Draco was forced to perform a task, a task that he knew he would surely fail, but knowing he had to try – for his mother. He wasn't doing it for anybody else but her. He really could care less about his father, he'd made his bed and Draco knew Lucius wouldn't think twice about offering Draco up to the Dark Lord to complete a nearly impossible task. His mother on the other hand, was devastated as she watched him take the Mark, crying and begging them to reconsider. "He's just a boy," she'd cried but nobody listened to her as they branded him. It was painful, more so than it should have been because he wasn't willing, at least not completely but it made no difference. He was a Death Eater now, destined to follow in the path of his father. And he was burdened with the awful task of killing Albus Dumbledore. Draco wasn't a killer. He knew that. His mother knew that. Merlin, he was even sure that the Dark Lord knew it too. It was as if he was being set up for failure, giving the Dark Lord an excuse