Pieces and Players Part 1 On the train, he's left alone with his thoughts. So much so that he eventually begs for a distraction. But Leevy, his district partner, wants nothing to do with him, Haymitch Abernathy prefers drinking to mentoring, and Effie Trinket is too busy fawning over the president's granddaughter with the rest of the staff. This isn't how it's supposed to be. He should be at the bakery with Prim and his father. And he should be icing cookies and kneading dough. But life isn't so kind. Along with everyone else, Peeta Mellark surprised himself when he volunteered for his older brother. Peeta has never had a close relationship with his two older brothers. He's never felt protective of them like he has of his younger sister, Prim, but it was Bannock's last reaping. Also, Peeta knew how excited Bannock was to marry his girlfriend from town. Bannock had so many opportunities ahead of him, so when his name was called at the Reaping, Peeta volunteered in a heartbeat, and now he is on the fast track to the Capitol. To his death. Peeta wants to stay alive, but he knows the odds aren't exactly in his favor. He's desperate to ask Haymitch for advice on how to prolong his lifespan, but the drunkard seems less than interested in giving it. He'll be in the Capitol in two days, and from there, it will be straight to his prep team for the Tribute Parade, followed by training, then interviews, and finally the Hunger Games. He wants to pretend it's not real. He wants to go to bed and wake up back in District 12. He's had nightmares about going into the Hunger Games before. Maybe this is just another one of those to wake up from at any time. "Peeta, dinner!" Effie calls. He slumps visibly. He may be living a nightmare, but there is no waking up from this. The grandeur of the Capitol is overwhelming, to say the least. Everywhere he looks, gems glisten in the light, whether it's the crystal chandeliers, the porcelain sinks, or the diamond-encrusted dinner plates. Everything is so elaborate, more so than anything he could have imagined. And once they enter the Capitol, perhaps Haymitch grows increasingly aware of the dire circumstances because he's suddenly eager to offer advice. "You shouldn't have any problem getting sponsors," Haymitch tells him. "You already stand out from the crowd, volunteering for your brother and all, so just milk the audience at the Tribute Parade tonight. You're naturally charismatic, that's in your favor, that friendliness could even get you some allies in the arena." "Do you know if I already have sponsors?" The older man shrugs. "Maybe a couple, if any, but it's early on. At this stage, people usually sponsor the tributes from Districts 1 and 2." He's a little put down by this information, but honestly he expects it. After all, the Careers, as these tributes are referred to, win more often than not. "Do you have any special skills?" Haymitch asks. "No, not really. I mean, I wrestled a little in school, but that won't do much good." " Don't underestimate hand-to-hand combat. That's what it usually comes down to for the Grand Finale." Peeta shivers at, what he thinks, is Haymitch's callous use of Grand Finale , but it makes sense. After all, the Capitolites take their entertainment in watching District children fight to the death. He thinks of his sister at the Parade. She's twelve years old, eligible for the Reaping herself, and remembering when he used to walk her to school is the only way to put a smile on his face for the people watching. Leevy's stylist, Cinna, suggests that the two of them hold hands, so they comply, and the crowd goes wild. He uses his other hand to wave at the audience and blow kisses to the crowd. When he looks straight ahead, he sees the Presidential family, although at this point they're not much of a family, just President Snow and his granddaughter, Katniss. Katniss's mother, President Snow's only child, died suddenly when Katniss was four years old, and rumor has it, no one knows the identity of Katniss's father. There was some speculation when her mother first got pregnant, but it's not a topic that comes up much anymore. Katniss Snow, unlike her grandfather, is popular in the districts. She's known not just because of who her grandfather is, but because of her astounding physical beauty and melodic voice. Known as the "Girl on Fire", she's a fashion icon, and Peeta is sure he knows everything there is to know about her from the hours Prim's spent incessantly rattling on about the alluring, the effervescent, the awe-inspiring Girl on Fire . Katniss stands beside her grandfather now, and even though he knows she isn't staring at him, he still can't escape the feeling that she is, her grey eyes analyzing him, seeing through to his soul. The white dress she wears shines in contrast with her olive skin, a complexion that must have been inherited from her father since no one else in the Snow family has ever shared that skin tone. Her grey eyes match a silver charm bracelet on her wrist. She wears it to every public event, in every photo shoot, not even taking it off for her musical performances. There's a lot of speculation as to what the charms could represent. Remembering what Haymitch said about milking the crowd, Peeta blows Katniss a kiss, an act the audience loves in itself, but they love it even more when Katniss pretends to catch his kiss and blows him one in return. It's almost like they planned it. Almost like a team. Of course they're not a team, he's reminded when her grandfather begins his speech. Peeta can hardly stand to hear President Snow praise "their honor, their courage, and their sacrifice." Leevy scoffs beside him, and Peeta nods subtly in agreement. Peeta holds out hope for discovering he has a special knack for something during training. However, this hope fades within the first couple of days. Haymitch doesn't want him showcasing his strength in front of the other tributes, so he mostly sticks to other stations like camouflage and survival skills. He knows a thing or two about plants since him mother grew up as an apothecary in town, and his friend, Gale, has told him about snares over the years while trading. But other than this, he doesn't know much. He's useless with a bow and arrow, and his precision is lacking when it comes to throwing knives. He can wield a sword, at least, and has decent control with a machete, which is more than can be said for his district partner. He notices the stations that are frequented by the Careers and sighs when the girl from District 2 sticks a knife in the target with perfect accuracy. His machete is going to have to do. He's the last one to for his interview, so Haymitch puts more pressure on him to make an impression. If the reactions from the audience and the genuine amusement on Caesar Flickerman's surgically-altered features are anything to go by, he succeeds. "Now, Peeta," Caesar says once the audience's hollers die down a little bit. "One last thing before you go. Your brother, Bannock, you volunteered for him?" "Yes." "And he's your older brother, is he not?" "Yeah, he's my older brother. It was his last reaping, and he has these plans to get married and start a family, plans that I don't have at the moment, so I figured I'd go in his place." "But what about you, Peeta? What do you mean you don't have plans for the future? There's no special girl at home?" "Nothing to report on that front," Peeta says good-naturedly. "Come on. I don't believe it for a second. Handsome man like you." "I guess I just haven't met her yet." The crowd cheers again as Caesar replies, "Here's what you do, Peeta." He leans in real close and clasps his hand on Peeta's shoulder, like they're old friends sharing a secret. "You go out there, and you win this thing, and you'll have the women of District 12 falling at your feet." Somehow the thought fills Peeta with dread instead of hope. He doesn't get to reply before his time runs out, so both he and Caesar thank the audience and take a bow. Peeta's able to get a good look at the audience for the first time, and his eyes are drawn to the highest level of the stadium, an area reserved for the Presidential family and their guests. But President Snow rarely attends, so Katniss Snow stands in the reserved level by herself. She must notice him staring up at her because she blows him a kiss and gestures towards the audience, and Peeta almost sighs in gratitude at her reminder to play the crowd. He tries to catch her eye again and offer a smile, but when he looks back up, she's already gone. He feels the adrenaline pumping through his veins; his breaths get heavier from the anticipation with every second that passes on the countdown. He takes in his surroundings. He doesn't know how to survive in the woods, but then again, he probably wouldn't know how to survive in any environment the gamemakers provided. He doesn't know much outside of his father's bakery, but he knows he has a lot of the other tributes intimidated by him. Whether that's something to be proud of, he isn't sure. Especially because it means he's a threat to the Career pack. By the time the countdown's finished and the gong has sounded, he can hear his heartbeat pounding in his ears. At first, he keeps his eyes on Leevy and rolls his eyes when he sees her dash towards the Cornucopia. That was one thing Haymitch warned the two of them against. He, too, disregards Haymitch's advice when he sees a sword that seems to be hidden from the eyes of the tributes around him. He quickly grabs the sword, and when he turns around he sees that Leevy's been killed by Marvel, the boy from District 1. Peeta thinks about running as fast as he can towards the woods, but he sees Cato stalking towards him out of the corner of his eye. He wracks his brain for any form of a plan. He can't flee now; he'll have to fight. He points to Leevy's dead body. "Hey, man, thanks for taking care of her. Saved me the trouble." Marvel actually laughs, a lively sound, though his eyes possess the cold-hearted gleam of a killer. He's reminded of a snake. He's reminded of President Snow. "No problem, Bread Boy," he says. "It was my pleasure." "Can't believe you stuck around, Twelve," Cato pipes up. "Doesn't happen most years." "Most years outlying districts don't have volunteers," the girl from District 1, Glimmer, interjects. She eyes him suspiciously. "You must think you have a shot at winning." Peeta shrugs. "I might have a skill or two." "Skills that we don't have?" Cato's district partner, Clove, asks, appearing disinterested while she twirls one of her knives between her fingers. "Don't know. How are you guys with hunting?" They hesitate to answer, which is all Peeta needs to know. Finally, Cato settles with asking, "Why? Are you any good at it?" Peeta lies. "Sometimes stray animals come in from the woods in 12. You have to know how to catch and kill them." "So you can set traps, too?" "Oh, yeah," he says, confident on the outside, though he's glad they can't see how fast his heart beats with each lie he tells. He just needs a plan, and he hates to admit he needs the Careers. He won't survive one night without them. There's safety in numbers, and no one would dare take on