Stone, Metal, and Horse Lords Summary: The Halls of the Horse Lord is unwelcoming and a wizard is defeated. But what if it were the wrong one? What price would be paid? Rating: K/K+ Disclaimer: I own nothing from the Lord of the Rings novels or movies. I simply borrowed the ideas from them and then "what-if-ed" them. This is all done for fun and entertainment. Some lines will be familiar as they are borrowed from The Two Towers movie. They are not mine and I did not write them. But they worked so well. Enjoy. The thunder trembled through the metal cuffs that were attached to the thick stone walls. It was nothing, but pitch black outside the small prison window too high for any man to reach, even an elf for that matter, most certainly for a dwarf. Of course, it might be pitch black outside the window due to the fact that it was pitch black from the very point eye meets air. Shackles clanked and shifted with every movement, but they were unyielding in their strength. Brute muscle did nothing to dampen the metal's spirit in completing its made job. Lightening filled the cell for only moments, but to mortal human eyes, it was a blessing in the form of moments of sight. It gave proof to the others that shared this new hell. This new hell they had done nothing to ask for other than to follow a newly resurrected wizard's word. Coarse, brown hair seemed to almost crinkle under the electricity that ran through the air. Small eyes darted around the cell quickly. The beard shifted and moved with breaths in and out. Other than being very mad, the dwarf seemed alright. This view was to the left. The right gave even more radiance in the white flash. The blonde hair was instantly turned silvery white. Blue eyes seemed unreal. Pale flesh was made even more pale, a ghost would be hard pressed to beat that complexion. The elf was not pleased with this situation at all. In fact, his face was void of anything. This was not somewhere he wanted to be, let alone handle with a straight mind. Aragorn let out the breath he had been holding. He was once again enveloped in black doom. His mind had been running through everything that led them to this point and nothing that had happened made any sense. This was the making of a living nightmare. A new world made to make the skin crawl, the eyes see shadows and voices express screams unlike anything the living had ever heard before. Nothing made sense. Nothing seemed real, but the cold sweat running down the man's spine. !#$&()!#$&()!#$&()!#$&()!#$&()!#$&() "The courtesy of your hall is somewhat lessened of late, Théoden-King," the wizard's presence filled the hall. It almost seemed as if Gandalf was double his actual size as he moved towards the king of Rohan. Aragorn couldn't keep his eyes from darting around the hall at all the people that filled it. Women and children were present, but they stood off to the sides. It was the armed men milling around that made his heart jump within his chest. A king should not need so many armed guards in a hall set for the meeting and gathering of his people. Something was not right. Théoden looked nothing like the man he had been expecting to see. Throughout his times with the Gondor guards, Aragorn had heard many a tale about the great horse-lord king. This man on the thrown was withered and looked to be on the verge of death's door. But what was even more odd about the sight was the greasy, dark haired man that seemed to be attached the wood of the chair. Kings had counselors yes, but never one that perched his lips right to the lord's ear. "Late is the hour in which this conjurer chooses to appear. Lathspell I name him. Ill news is an ill guest." The small man seemed to think he had some holding of importance with the newest guests to the hall. Aragorn was not impressed. None of his companions looked too thrilled with the green- complexioned man either. In fact, Legolas looked almost as if he was smirking at the stupidity of the man. Immortals just don't seem to get the fact that there were insane mortals everywhere. Gimli just looked pleased the man was tempting to start some sort of fight. Gandalf glared at the small man. If the wizard were anything else in a past life, Aragorn would have to bet on his very own being that it would have been a Balroq like that one he had just defeated. "Be silent! Keep your forked tongue behind your teeth. I have not passed through fire and death to bandy crooked words with a witless worm!" The wizard's patience was at its end. Aragorn had been at the receiving end of Gandalf's lost temper when he was younger. This was going to be interesting. The ranger's gray eyes followed Gandalf's hands as he raised his white staff to the duo upon the dais. "Your staff…" Grima began to stutter, "I told you to take the wizard's staff!" Man, elf, and dwarf were ready for the men that jumped out from the crowd. There were not many, but there were still enough that each of the three hunters busy. Aragorn kept the filthy man with the brown hair and what might have once been a red shirt from getting to the wizard. His fist connected with flesh with a satisfying sound. Before he took on another ruffian, he chanced a glance at Legolas and Gimli. The dwarf looked like he was having the time of his life. The green man was lying on the ground at the dwarf's feet. Aragorn couldn't hear what Gimli was saying to him, but it mattered little. The man was down, that is what really mattered. Legolas was finishing up with the men who thought they would be able to outlast and defeat one of the First Born. A man was sneaking up behind the elf as he was battling with another. Aragorn was about to call out a warning to his friend, but it appeared the elf was not interested in any help the man was about to offer. He fist, thrown over his shoulder, was sufficient enough to take the man down. The ranger soon found himself short of men to battle. Gimli was the only one having to work on with the holding of Grima. A sigh of relief escaped the man' lips. The worst of their troubles were over and they would soon be welcomed by the horse lord. But his breath once again caught. Aragorn was drawn to the battle of wills to the front of him by the boom of Gandalf's voice. "Théoden! Son of Thengel. Too long have you sat in the shadows. Hearken to me. I release you... from this spell." Legolas' eyebrow twitched upwards at the idea of a spell. He had felt something in the air around the two men and the hall, but had no idea that a spell of some sort was involved. Curiosity drew his full attention to Gandalf and what he was attempting to do with the king of Rohan and whatever had a hold over him. "You have no power here... Gandalf the Grey!" Théoden spoke with a voice that couldn't have been his own. Aragorn would never believe that voice was that of a king. It was one of a traitor, of a coward. The ranger cast a questioning glance towards the elf, but was answered in kind. Gandalf seemed to be the only one completely aware of what was truly going on in these halls. Gandalf smirked slightly when Grima tried to curse him with the title of a Grey wizard. It was with great satisfaction that he threw off his cloak to reveal his white robes. The gasp of shock and horror from the two beings in front of him forced his confidence to grow. "I will draw you, Saruman, as poison is drawn from a wound." The name called by Gandalf caused a quiet to fill the halls immediately. It was a shock to the people of Rohan. No one had expected their king to be under the control of a wizard, a wizard that was supposed to be an ally. Of course, to some of the elders, the thought of this made much more sense then the lies Grima had been telling them of the king and his health. Aragorn quickly schooled the look of shock from his face. Something to his side caught his attention. Instinctly he threw out his arms and enclosed them around the feminine figure that tried to run forward. The woman pulled at him in an attempt to get to the king. Legolas stood behind him a few steps and looked ready to help restrain the woman if need be. "If I go, Théoden dies," Saurman forced the withered king to say of himself. There was no resistance on the king's face that Aragorn could see. The king must have been in such a hold for many days. He might already be broken beyond repair. Gandalf was not impressed with the threat. "You did not kill me. You will not kill him." The white staff in the wizard's hands seemed to glow. Aragorn felt his eyes pulled into the tip of it. There was power there that attracted something deep inside the man, the weakness of his blood. But he was not the only one. Legolas and Gimli were too pulled into the sight of the white wizard's battle. "Rohan is mine!" "Be gone!" The king of Rohan rose to his feet at this command from Gandalf. The air around the two seemed to crackle and spark. Battles between wizard's were rare at this time in Middle Earth's history and it was a sight to see. Even the body of Théoden didn't seem to get in the way of Gandalf and Saurman. But eventually it was what helped to back down the traitor. Aragorn watched as the king almost seemed to be kicked back into his thrown. The dirty, graying hair hung limply around the horse lord's head. Gandalf was watching the man closely for any sign of movement. A shuffling noise to the left attracted the attention of most. Grima was trying to escape from the dwarf. Gimli moved his ax lower to the man's neck. It seemed he was asking for the worm man to make one wrong move. "It would be wise to lower your ax, dwarf." Legolas couldn't help the small jump at the voice. His blonde hair whipped around his head as he turned quickly to once again face the thrown. Théoden was back on his feet. His eyes. They were black. "You are all fools. You think Gandalf would be able to cast me out of these halls? Fools, all of you!" The king began to cackle at the idea. Aragorn's eyes seemed to be widened more than was healthy. Gandalf was supposed to win. There was no way that this could be happening. Théoden was supposed to be free! Gandalf faced Théoden face on, "Saurman. You will not win this battle, nor the war." "You are the biggest fool of them all. For this annoyance you brought to Edoras, your companions will suffer then die. Capture them. Bring me the wizard." Roars of fury filled the once silenced halls. Aragorn couldn't decide which he was more shocked at, the fact Saurman was still in Théoden or that there were suddenly a lot of men coming at him and his companions. There were a lot more than before. The woman that had been by his side cried out softly in shock and fear. Aragorn shoved her out of the way before she too would be attacked. He didn't know