Summary: Trouble on a journey home leads to a mess in the woods and a terrible crime done by a hand that loves. Rating: K Disclaimer: Anything y'all recognize from the books or the movies are not mine and will never be. I could never think up such things in my own mind and refuse to steal from someone who can. I own nothing from Middle Earth. Just for fun and to entertain some people when they are bored and reading emails. Tah. They say that you can never go back and fix the things that you have done. Once the past is over, it is over and you are not able to do a damn thing about it any longer. Well, I have to say I am coming to the conclusion that I am going to have to agree with them on this one. I certainly cannot change the events that have occurred over the past rise and fall of the silver moon. Oh believe me, I would love to. By the Valar and all that is good, would I love to be able to go back in time even in the smallest fraction of the passing sun. Anything would be given to not have been here, at this time, on this day. But I am only a simpleton, a mortal. Nothing special granted to me even with my so-called special destiny. No way to go back in time and stop the blood of my brother from spilling onto the grass. There is blood spilt on this night. And by the hands of one who should have not done it. "Aragorn, if you do not get moving we are never going to be able to get back in time to beat your brothers. I don't know about you, but I personally do not want to lose our bet on this one." "Oh come on Legolas. You mean you do not want to grace the twins with your presence for the next evening as their personal…assistant." The wood elf turned blue eyes back over his shoulder with confusion written all over his brow. His posture spoke of his troubles with keeping his laughter down so he would be able to speak in a fairly dignified voice to the man behind him. "I certainly do not remember hearing that word come up into the conversation. But I do distinctly remember hearing others. Slave, servant, and lowly creature of Mordor do ring a bell." Aragorn couldn't contain the snort. "But they meant it in the most loving way my friend, for that I am sure." "Hm. You have been living around those two twigs for way too long. No wonder you have no decent thoughts left in that thick head of yours. I wonder what is left in you head that allows it to stay upright for so long on your shoulders." Shaking his head, Aragorn began moving forward once again. The two friends were supposed to be closer to Rivendell than they were now. They had a bet to win after all. Dark hair swept up with the current of the cool winds and flicked against gray slate eyes of the ranger. He was tired, but not enough to give up on getting back in time. Like the Mirkwood Prince, he had no desire to have his foster brothers push him around for a full day's period. Orcs would be more fun than that. "I know what is left in my head is enough to know how to get somewhere. It seems it was good enough to get us on the right track again was it not?" The elf nimbly made his way up the man's side. The pace was not one of great speed and there was little trouble to keeping up with him. Legolas looked at the young man to his left with a smirk. 'He is not going to let me live that one down, wolves or no wolves. Humans have incredible memories when they wish for it.' "Well, next time I will simply stay on the correct course and let the wolves snack on the delicacy that seems to be found in that head of yours." Legolas bent his knees at the right moment to allow the man's hand to swing straight over his head. With a laugh, the elf was off down the trail. Aragorn chuckled to himself before setting off after his friend. The two friends weaved themselves in and out of the trees in their path as the ran. Birds unsettled with calls of displeasure and small mammals scurried away from boots, but the forest was peaceful. Aragorn pumped his arms in time with his legs as he trailed after Legolas. There was no real hurry to this race and he was glad to be able to have some fun on what was becoming a boring journey. After the wolves had tried to steal the meager dinner the ranger had caught, the two had decided they went far enough and turned around. The twins never really mentioned how far they had to set out to. 'In fact, I really do not remember the true terms to the bet!' Neither friend was hurt badly in the event. Aragorn had a minor bite to his lower right leg that was healing nicely and Legolas suffered from three cuts to the side of his face which were simply harsh red lines on pale skin. Things could have gotten worst if Legolas had not shot the alpha male down off Aragorn when it went to attack his face. The man had been once again reminded of his appreciation for the wood elf. But since then, nothing happened other than a lot of walking. The elf suddenly turned to the right off the path and before Aragorn could really keep his eyes on his friend, Legolas was in the trees. Struck with surprise and shock at the sudden action, Aragorn skidded to a halt on the leaves and dirt. The trees didn't move. The elf was not moving anymore. "Legolas?" The whisper was soft, but it reached the pointed ears of Legolas. But his lips were pinched too tight into a line to have any response to the ranger. Something had moved. Not moved as in normal forest movement of the many animals that call it home. No, it was something larger, something not right in this environment. Aragorn moved closer to the area where he guess Legolas has jumped to the canopy from. All was quiet around the area and he couldn't figure out what had caught the other's attention so quickly. There wasnothing for miles. They would have noticed it yesterday when they were on this same path heading for the fight with wolves over those scrawny rabbits. There was no sound from an elf in a tree either. "Legolas? What is going on? What did you hear?" Still no response. 'He is trying to make me do something stupid isn't he. Yeah well, I will prove him wrong. I am going to do nothing but stand here until he comes down and explains what has his elvish head all in a twist.' Getting ready to press against a tree for lazy support, Aragorn was little prepared for the elf almost dropping right down onto his head. "What was…are you trying…you want me dead?" Aragorn gasped for breath as his heart remembered the steady beat of survival. But again silence was the only sound from the elf. More action was brought forth though as Legolas quickly slapped his hand over the man's gaping mouth. "You need to be quiet my friend. There is something foul in the air." Legolas looked deep into the ranger's eyes to make sure that Aragorn got the message to be quiet before removing his hand. With little thought or procedure, his bow was notched and ready in his hands. Aragorn did not attempt to question the action, but immediately pulled the sword on his hip out to ready. He looked over to the elf, but did not receive his attention. Legolas was focused on something else, something he couldn't see. Legolas took a small step forward and looked off the left of their position. The sound was getting clearer, but he could still not make anything out of it. All he could tell was that this was not something you wanted to hear in a forest anywhere in Middle Earth. One thing he could hear was the silence the forest threw at him. Even the trees stopped talking and singing. "Something is coming. From where or what it is I know not. But we must avoid it at all costs. I do not believe it is something we can defeat my friend," Legolas whispered back to Aragorn. The man simply nodded his head. He was not going to try to argue with the elf about something he couldn't even hear. He learned long ago to trust the elf with his life with no questions asked. He had taught the same lesson as well. With slow and steady steps, Legolas began to move forward through the underbrush. With the sounds coming towards them he was hoping they would make little to no sound on their trek, but he knew that while he could do it, his human companion would not be able to. Legolas only hoped that the man's steps would be softer than the rumble of the others coming at them. Aragorn strained his ears and eyes to figure out what they were trying to avoid. The elf was moving quietly and he was trying his hardest to keep his personal noise at a minimal. He had learned much from the elves on how to move with little noise, but he was still human and gravity liked to make fun of such a fact, especially when elves were close at hand. But the brush was not thick and it was not hard to move his feet to fit in places with few leaves and branches. "Where are we going Legolas? We are not heading in the right direction." "No. And we must not. That is where they are." Questions bombarded Aragorn with that statement. "Where who are? Who is out there that we are trying to avoid?" "I really do not know who or what they are. Only that their travel is heavy and causes the forest to go into silence. Whatever there is in that direction, we must not go." Aragorn's eyes followed the path of the finger that Legolas used to point the direction of the noise. It was perfectly in line with the way they needed to go to retrace the trail they only took yesterday. Something was not right about this. Legolas seemed more unnerved by this noise that Aragorn still couldn't hear then by anything the man could think of in a while. It was odd and a little frightening. But these thoughts were quickly banished with the need to keep his head from impacting with the ground as he was pushed down from the side. "Down now! Quickly Aragorn!" The air in his lungs was successfully knocked out by the slighter elf as they collided to the dirt. Legolas was completely covering the man when they finally came to a rest. The elf put his hands to the man's head while he lifted his up to look around the trees that encompassed them. The noise had been a decoy. The real threat was already here. Aragorn looked up through the cracks in Legolas' fingers that were covering his face in an awkward manner. The elf's left palm was smashing his nose funny and made it hard to breath normally. But the pressure was strong and there was nothing Aragorn could do to move his head. The look he caught on the elf's face was clear and he suddenly had no desire to move his head up from the ground. Dark shapes materialized from the bushes surrounding