Chapter -1- The Lost Letters Kasia Alexa Days was a werewolf. In fact, when she'd been infected at the age of six, her mother had disowned her, and she had come to live with the Woods. It was complicated. She had thought she was a Muggleborn until her younger sister Anelia had come to Hogwarts too, a year after Kasia. She then spent her second year trying to find out as much as she could about her father, Marvell Days. In fact, it was only a few months earlier that she learned that she had a middle name. Alexa came from her great aunt, and her sister's middle name – Pierette – came from her great aunt's twin. But that was a long story. In the summer of Kasia's thirteenth year, Anelia was staying over at the Wood's for a week. Kasia could not be more overjoyed at this, especially since she had doubted that Ramona – her mother – would've let her. It was on Anelia's last day, after lunch, when her little sister came up to her. "Kasia, can I talk to you?" Anelia said seriously. Kasia nodded, yawning. The full moon was that night. "Sure." "Alone?" Kasia's brow wrinkled, but they went up to her bedroom. "What's up?" Kasia noticed something. "What're those?" Anelia looked nervous. It almost reminded Kasia of the way she used to always get frightened. "Look, I...I found these when I was looking for my rain boots," Anelia said slowly, watching Kasia as she handed a pile of letters over. "What...?" Kasia started, shuffling through them. There had to be at least nine of them. And they were addressed to her . Not just Kasia Days, though. Kasia Alexa Days. "Alexa?" Kasia was confused. Nobody knew that she had a middle name besides herself, her three closest friends, Anelia and Donaghan Tremlett. "Come talk to me when you're done. If you want," Anelia said softly, before leaving the room. Kasia's curiosity boiled inside her. She almost didn't want to open the letters. Finally, she decided to open the one dated most recently, to be opened on the 13th of October. Her birthday. Dear Kasia, Happy fourteenth birthday! From the moment I saw you, when you were born with your mum's hair and our violet eyes, I knew you were going to be a beautiful young lady one day. Kasia stopped reading. " Our violet eyes?" she whispered to herself, unable to believe who was writing the letter. It had to be her grandmother. She inherited her purple eyes from the Selwyn side of the family. And I only wish I was there to see it happen. "It's my grandmother," Kasia assured herself, "my father's dead, it's got to be my grandmother." My father keeps telling me I should stop writing you letters, seeing as you never reply, and it 'puts me in a mood', as he puts it. But in a way, it keeps me sane. Writing these letters every year keeps me from forgetting my biggest mistake: not telling your mother that I'm a wizard before I married her. Then you could've grown up with a father. That may seem masochistic, to want to write these letters, but when I picture you it makes me as happy as I get here, although mum says I seem content when I'm studying the animals. I've said before what I do here, but if you're ever interested...please feel free to reply. I know I've said it before, and I realise you might be angry at me, but if you'd just give me a chance, we could get to know each other. I'd love to show you the research I found. You loved hearing about magical creatures when you were three. Lots of love, Dad. Dad. The word jumped off the page. Kasia couldn't believe it. This wasn't a letter written before he died. This was recent. Kasia's throat felt strange. Constricted, and the breath choked. Without thinking about it, Kasia ripped open the letter from a year before. Her thirteenth birthday. " Finally a teenager!" " If you need any advice of what subjects to choose, Care of Magical Creatures and Ancient Runes are the best." " If you want, you can write back. Anything would be alright. " By the time she got to the letter from her eleventh birthday, Kasia had tears streaming down her face for the first time since she was in St Mungo's hospital. Dear Kasia, It's hard to believe that you'll be going to Hogwarts this year. Happy eleventh birthday, Kasia. It's a special year. It's a huge regret of mine that I couldn't get to see you grow up. I try not to dwell on it too much in these letters, but you haven't once replied, and, after what I did, I deserve that. It's entirely my fault for not telling your mother about magic sooner. I should've handled it differently. I only hope you still continue to read these letters, for it is that small hope that keeps me writing them. I'm sure your first year at Hogwarts will be magical and you'll do amazingly. Don't make your sister too jealous. Even if you won't forgive me, I beg you to reply at least with a "I'm still here" or something. Please. Love, Dad. Kasia's sobs filled the room and she clutched the letter to her chest. Her father was alive. He was real. He missed her, wanted to see her. He thought she'd forgotten him. She read the other letters, down to the one for her fourth birthday, which was simple-worded and had a request to allow someone to read it out for her. In every single one, there was that hopeless sentence, asking her to reply. To forgive him. Kasia cried for hours straight. She couldn't stop. Her father was alive, shouldn't she be happy? Finally, when her tears had run dry, and she just sat there with her knees gathered tightly, re-reading the letters, Kasia heard a soft knock on the door. "Zia, we're seeing your sister off now. Are you coming? It was James Potter's voice. Kasia stayed silent. "Can I come in?" "N-no!" Kasia said loudly, her voice broken. "Kasia, is something wrong?" "I'm fine!" she called, her voice betraying her. Silence. "Can I come in?" His voice was softer, now. Kasia thought about it. She would talk to Anelia later. Demeter Wood, her adoptive sister, would be too sympathetic. Demi's older brother Apollo wouldn't know what to do. She would feel weird talking about it with Katie and Oliver at this stage. "Okay." Kasia wiped her cheeks dry and gathered herself. James walked slowly up to her and sat down beside her, leaning against the bed. "Do you want to talk about it?" James asked uncomfortably. Tears welled up again and Kasia let them out, silently crying. James looked alarmed. "I don't think I've ever seen you cr−hey, now!" Kasia leaned on James, burying her face into his chest. James slowly put his arm around her. "It's – it's okay." She could tell he felt awkward, but it was comforting nonetheless. "My dad's alive," she whispered finally. Before he could reply, she handed him the letters. "Kasia..." he began softly when he was finished. "He's been alive all this time," Kasia went on, shaking, "he's been sending letters, every birthday I've ever had. He thinks I'm mad at him...or ignoring him..." Breathing heavily, Kasia's eyes widened slightly. "All because I didn't get the letters. Because Ramona hid them." James looked worried as she sat upright, removing his arm from her. "How do you know that?" "Anelia said she found them," Kasia breathed, her fists clenching, "Ramona intercepted them. Because she wanted us to think he was dead...my own father. She had no right..." She stood up suddenly and whipped around to James. "You said we were seeing Anelia off?" James nodded, his eyes wide. "Kasia, you've got to calm down." Kasia snarled at him. "I haven't got to calm down." She walked towards the door and down the stairs, James following her. "What are you going to do?" "I'm going to have a word with my dear mother," Kasia growled. Five minutes later, Kasia and Anelia were on the front lawn of the old house. It looked much the same. The weeds had grown over the geraniums that once flowered. "Kasia, are you sure you want to do this?" Anelia asked, worried. Kasia's expression was stony. They had caught the Knight Bus together. "You got letters too, didn't you?" Kasia said furiously, "She told us our father was dead." And she rang the doorbell, seething. After about ten seconds, Ramona opened the door. She looked exactly as Kasia remembered, and when her mother saw her, Ramona's expression was as familiar as ever. "You!" "Me!" Kasia snarled, and held up the letters. "Care to explain?" Ramona's expression became defensive. "I hid them from the two of you." " Why? " "Because you were better off thinking your father was dead!" "Better off?" Kasia repeated, beside herself. "What is so bad about our father? Yeah, he kept it a secret that he was a wizard, so what? He wasn't a different person because of that, and he pretty much gave up his world to be with you!" "How did you...?" "So you kept us from our own father because of your own selfish reasons?" Kasia went on. "What kind of a monster are you? You had no right to keep our father from us!" Kasia started to shake. Her mind was racing faster than ever. A small part of it reminded her what day it was. "I'm not the monster!" Ramona insisted, narrowing her eyes to slits. "Would you look at yourself? You're lucky I even let Anelia stay with you!" Kasia growled. Some part of her registered that it was sunset, and it was a full moon. She hadn't taken her potion. She'd felt this once before, when she was resting in the common room too late. Her skin bristled, and her anger multiplied. For once, she didn't want it to stop. She was mad. "Stop!" Anelia screamed, pushing Kasia back. "Kasia, what are you doing?" Crack! It was Oliver. "Are you out of your mind, Kasia?" She was close to transforming. So close. Nothing going on around her meant anything. Suddenly she was being sucked into the air, into nothingness, and arrived at home with the sound of a gunshot. "Katie!" Oliver bellowed, holding Kasia's shoulders, which were shaking. Through her rage, Kasia saw Katie running out of the house with a potion in her hands. She saw James, Demi and Apollo behind them, their faces shocked. As soon as the potion took its effect, Kasia ran for the woods, faster than she ever had before. Almost as fast as when she was a werewolf. And the next moment, she was. oOo She remembered running. She remembered being glad that she had gotten the potion in time. She remembered thinking of her father, and swiping at a small tree, watching it fall. She woke up in the woods, exhausted. Kasia was ashamed. At dawn, she wandered back, her feet and heart heavy. She was a monster. Sometimes she could convince herself otherwise, but that was just the truth. It was long after sunrise before she finally went inside and managed to drag her feet up the stairs and to her bed. And then the tears fell. There was no sobbing, just tears. Her father was alive. Kasia's anger at Ramona was still there, but it was far eclipsed by that fact. She'd had two different mindsets about not crying since St Mungo's. The first was pride. After all she'd been through; she was strong enough not to cry. The second was worry. Crying was supposed to be a good way of dealing with emotions. She had even tried a few times to cry, but she couldn't. So now, Kasia couldn't tell