Ginny and Harry is coming to home very happily. Their auror work is great and they found two rebels who are sort of terrorists of wizard worlds. Rebels don't want muggles in wizard world. They heard voices when they enter their house. It is more mansion than house. In the hall, Draco Malfoy who is now became mostly like teenage girl except his 5 inch cock, bent against the table and his hands are back while Hermione ramming her big cock into Draco ass while Draco helplessly moaning. saliva is leaking from Draco mouth, tongue came out like he is being fucked like hours. Draco pale bubble butt is red with spankings Hermione gave. " i never tired of seeing this even i see everyday. " Harry told Ginny and she smiled. " We are home Hermione. " Ginny announced . Hermione looked at them with smile but she didn't stopped fucking . Hermione is close to another orgasm and that means her grunting sound is increased and so is Draco moans. Hermione gripped Draco long blond hair so painfully that he is sceaming now. " is there any dinner for us? " Ginny went to kitchen. " Yesss " Hermione grunted and shot load of cum into Draco ass. Ginny smiled and went to kitchen. Draco now looking like a whore by fucked like that. He is now no more taller than 5 feet and not a single hair in his body except on his head. Hermione done some modifications to his body so now Draco is slender with thin waist and bubble butt and Hermione even gave him breasts now. Of course they can vanish and appears on Hermione command. Even though Hermione fucked him like hours still he didn't cum . Hermione placed cock cage around his dick and charmed so he only cum when allowed to. After Hermione removed her cock from Draco ass, cum leaked from his ass. " Won't you clean that up pet ? " Hermione suggested Draco. Draco who is exhausted by all the fucking he received, slowly raised from table and started licking the cum off the floor. Harry and Ginny saw that but they used to it by now. " Harry do you want a taste before meal ? " Hermione suggested Harry. " Why not ? Having milk with dinner won't do any harm. " Harry replied and walked to her. Hermione is now 6 feet same height as him and became more beautiful with glowing skin and large and round breasts. Her beautiful brown hair is now silky and flowing. Especially intimidating posture she is having now a days is making her more beautiful. Harry kneeled in front of her so her 12 inch cock is in front of his face directly. Ginny came from kitchen and saw her husband kneeled in front of her best friend. Then she saw he used a spell to clean Hermione cock and placed his mouth around Hermione cock. She is seeing boy who lived and slayer of dark lord is sucking his best friend cock like a bitch is a sight. Harry is becoming very good cock sucker . At first Harry reluctantly tried it but he never thought he is gonna enjoy this much one day. He is contrasting his throat muscles to give his best friend more pleasure. Hermione placed one hand on Harry head and looking at him affectionately. Hermione don't know how to repay her best friend. He took her when her previous marriage with Ron affected by her condition. Ron tried to give his shot but he never able like her after she became like this even though her condition made her beautiful. That's when Harry invited to his house. First she stayed as a friend but eventually Harry married her and Ginny accepted it. Even Ron and their family came to the wedding to give the blessings. She even hooked up Ron with Lavender Brown. " Mmmmm Harry. " Hermione moaned. " keep going. i am close. " Harry increased his movements. In a moments Hermione shot spurt after spurt directly into Harry belly through his throat. " Thanks Harry. " Hermione told him. " You are welcome. " Harry smiled. Hermione saw Draco finished cleaning the floor . " Now dress up and follow me Draco. " Hermione ordered. " Yes mistress. " Draco's dress is blue G-string thong. He put it on and walked behind Hermione on his fours while wearing black pumps. Hermione put on silk teddy dress on and panties went to dining table. " Look what you did Harry. i have to use heating charm again. " Ginny scolded him playfully. " Why don't you finish it after dinner? " " It is not my fault Ginny. i am very good cock sucker but Hermione is the one took long time to give me my milk. " Harry playfully replied. " Ginny, you should get your part of milk too. " Hermione suggested while smiling. " I don't think so. it will be late again. " Ginny refused. Hermione suggested an idea. " You can have your milk while we are eating. You can do it under table. " " I guess. " Ginny said then she served the meal then went under table and reached Hermione. She can see Draco having meal in bowl on floor. After Hermione changed him whatever he is now, he only need very low food to keep his slender figure. Now he is having one piece of bacon and some broccoli. " Mmmmm " Hermione moaned after Ginny lowered her underwear and took her cock into mouth. She is making slurping noises while sucking Hermione cock. " Tell me Moine , Who is better Ginny or me. " Harry asked. Hermione thought for a moment then replied. " At first Ginny but now you are getting better. " Hermione replied. Ginny who is sucking Hermione cock, heard that and stopped. " Of course he is better. That's because he is getting more practice than me. " Ginny countered. Harry and Hermione laughed. " Ginny don't stop in middle. " Hermione told. Ginny who realized her mistake told " i am sorry Hermione. " continued to suck her cock. First Draco finished his meal , Ginny thought of course it will took him only 5 minutes. Then after sometime Harry finished his still Ginny is sucking Hermione cock. Hermione shot the load into Ginny mouth two times now but Ginny determined to make Hermione cock soft. But it is still hard. So Ginny still sucking until Hermione also finished her meal. " Ginny, you have to satisfy by getting your milk. You know i can do this all day. " Hermione told. It is one of side effects of her condition. Never ending lust and unlimited cum in her balls. " I know. But don't wrong me for trying. " Ginny replied and sucked for one last shot of Hermione seed and came out of table. " Now take your meal. i warmed it for you. " Hermione told. Hermione cleaned the dishes with single spell. Hermione went to her along with Draco following her. They both climbed bed. " You are very good today Draco. You are gonna get your reward. " Hermione told him. A smile appeared on his lipstick applied lips. Hermione make sure that he wore all the make up. Draco's blond hair is long and silky, he wore mascara and lipstick and little make up. His nails perfectly pedicured and manicured. His skin became love pale white. If you take him out in girl dress no one can tell he is man once. Hermione charmed his cock cage to hold his orgasms and now she is gonna give him the full force of it. She placed her wand at cage and unlocked the cage. She just touched tip of wand to his cock and his 5 inch erected cock released spurt after spurt directly shooting in air. Draco is twitching and shaking with the full force of combined orgasms that should happen and delayed. Like almost 40 orgasms combined. Draco already lost conscious and smile planted on his lips and drove into sleep. Hermione chuckled seeing like this. He became quite a slut now. Hermione wore her night silky gown and brushed her hair neatly and applied little make up. Then she went to Harry room. Harry is wearing Ginny's night dress that not even came to his thighs showing his hairless ass . Like Draco , Hermione used same spell on Harry to made him hairless except on his head. But unlike Draco Harry is athletic build and have toned body. Still his ass is temptingly erotic. Harry is on his fours wearing panties and night gown, sucking Ginny cock. Harry at first not fond of wearing lady clothes but for Hermione he started wearing then it continued because this made his two wives mad with lust. After her condition, Hermione invented a charm to get cock in place of pussy , of course it needs her hair sample and potion combined to work that. She told Ginny as wedding gift and Ginny liked it. Hermione can hear Ginny pleasurable moans, Harry is really getting good at sucking cock. Hermione reached Harry back and took down his panties. Harry didn't even stopped sucking his wife cock. This is best part of marrying Hermione. Hermione reached the knot of gown and removed from Harry body. Now Harry is naked while Ginny and herself are wearing dresses. Hermione used familiar spell to clean and lubricate Harry ass. At first Hermione placed her fingers one by one until three fingers are inside Harry ass. Hermione exactly know where to touch to make Harry wild. She is touching same spot again and again to make him moan. Then without any warning she slammed her entire 12 inch cock into his ass. Harry for a moment he left Ginny cock and let out a strong moan , he arched his back like bow . The spike of pleasure is too much. Hermione smiled at this erotic sight and started ramming her bigcock into Harry tight ass while he is sucking Ginny cock. " Oh Harry, Hermione is correct. You are so good at sucking cock. Mmmmm " Ginny talked like she is in trance. Hermione's one hand gripped Harry hip while other hand reached Harry 8 inch cock and pumping it. Harry is feeling great with filled by incredible pleasure. " Harryyy your ass is great. " Hermione thrusted her cock fast and strong while pumping his cock. " Ohhh i am cumming. " Ginny screamed and shoved entire cock into Harry mouth and shooted her load into Harry mouth. Harry happily took all juices from her. Harry slowly licking Ginny softened cock to get hard while Hermione is giving him two way assault. Hermione is feeling amazing by her cock buried in her best friend tight ass. She can feel Harry cock is twitching and close to release. So she increased the speed of thrusting and pumping. Harry literally seeing stars and screamed and shot his seed on bed. Hermione also getting close, her hand left Harry cock and gripped his hair and she is fucking Harry ass mercilessly. " It is so sexy fucking you boy who lived and slayer of dark lord in doggy style like a bitch . " Hermione told and shot her load into his ass. Hermione kept her cock in his ass for some time until all her load shot in his ass. Then they switched the places. Ginny laid back on bed. Hermione sat at her head, shoving her cock into her mouth and Harry is between her legs sucking Ginny cock and balls. Then Hermione strong hands lifted Ginny and directly placing her ass at Ginny ass. Ginny already cast lubrication and cleaning charms on her ass so Hermione cock easily went through Ginny ass