Disclaimer: I don't own any part of Harry Potter or any of the characters in it. Not sure why I need to put this, or even if I need to, considering I'm putting this on a free, fanfiction website but, oh well. A.N. This is my first fanfic so if you do read it please bare with me, also if you do read it a review or something would really help so I can maybe get better. This fic is also AU, Harry isn't the boy who lived, Voldermort was killed before before he sought Harry out, don't wanna give to much away so I'll leave it at that. Hermione I was walking through a park that was somewhat near my house with a book in hand, the book being, of course, 'Hogwarts a History' I sat down on a nearby park bench and looked around to make sure I was alone. Seeing no one around I opened my worn copy and started to read it for what must be the tenth time since school ended for the third year, it helped me to remember my time at the school, my time with Ginny. I was going to see her within a couple of weeks when I went to visit the Weasley's anyway, but life among muggles was super boring, I was happy to be able to see my parents, of course, but if they could also do magic it would be much more fun. Lost in my own thought, I didn't notice that I was no longer alone, nor that the book in my hands had disappeared, or that there was a quiet giggle coming from in front of me. Not until I was poked in the face by a small hand, swiping at whatever touched me I came back to the realm of the living and saw a cute little girl standing in front of me. She had long silvery blond hair and cute round face. She had a little baby fat still and seemed a little short for the age that she looked. "Gabrielle, do not disturb the young girl" I heard a woman say with a distinctive French accent. "But Mama, Fleur took her book, and she's not in trouble." The little girl whined and stamped her foot, also with an accent although less pronounced than her mothers, she's probably been taught French and English from a very young age. "That is quite enough of that, mon petite ange, but she is right Fleur." Upon hearing her mother speak the little girl stopped immediately with a smile on her face, she poked her tongue at her sister before grabbing her mother's hand. "I am sorry mother" I heard another voice say her accent seemed to be somewhere in the middle of the two, shaking my head I stood up so I could look at each person. Standing behind the chair I saw their mother, she was looking at me with an apologetic smile, she also had silvery blond hair and was very beautiful for a mother of two. You could just see a little bit of the stress she had to have been through raising two girls in the small wrinkles around her eyes. Looking at the other girl, the air seemed to just leave my lungs, she was the most beautiful creature I'd ever set my eyes on. Her hair was the same colour as her mother and sister, and I could see the resemblance between them, but I just couldn't take my eyes off of her, they raked down her body seemingly of their own accord. I could feel myself start to get turned on as I looked at her until my eyes landed on my book in her hands and I was able to regain control of myself when I saw it. I instantly became annoyed, only now realising my book was gone, I held my hand out waiting for the book to be given over, but the young French woman just sat there with a smirk on her face. I growled irritated "My book" I snarled at her. Her face took on a shocked and confused look for a moment before it settled back into her smirk, "Say please, ma belle." I felt myself shudder upon hearing that sweet voice directed at me. I shook off the sound of her voice before rolling my eyes at her, "Please, give me back the book you technically stole from me." I said with a growl. The shocked look crossed over Fleur's face again but she handed my book back to me none-the-less, thanking her I turned to leave but was stopped by a small hand on my arm. I looked down into the smiling face of Gabrielle, I smiled back down at her. "Are you really from Hogwarts?" she asked with an innocent smile. I looked around and saw that we were still alone, so I knelt down in front of her and smiled, "Yes I am" I replied. She let out a soft laugh, "My sister will be there in a few months too." "Gabrielle!" Fleur yelled to her sister, drawing her attention, "That is supposed to be a secret, ma petite soeur." "You're really coming? That means you're a witch" Fleur nodded and turned to leave, but before she left, she turned back and spoke. "I'll see you there, ma belle." Then she left with a smile on her face, and I couldn't help but frown at the way she spoke. I walked back home with a fierce blush after being called beautiful twice by the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen, I'll need to talk to Ginny about this. But that would have to wait, thanks to her coming from a magical family, she has no phone, and it's not something I want to write down on a note. Especially since I'll need to tell her about my sexual preference as well. That night I lay in bed thinking about the very beautiful Fleur. The image of her kept coming to my mind no matter how many times I tried to send it away. She quickly had me completely turned on, and I couldn't help the travelling of my hands. I started stroking my wet pussy, quickly inserting two fingers while simultaneously rubbing my clitoris as images of a naked Fleur danced in my head. Wanting it over quickly so I could sleep I focussed on how it would feel to touch Fleur, to hold her. It took only a couple of minutes before I orgasmed with a loud moan, spilling my juices over my sheets, I stayed still for a few minutes, hoping my parents hadn't heard me. After waiting for what I deemed long enough, to make sure my parents weren't going to investigate if they had heard I sighed and got out of bed to go about cleaning up the mess I'd made of my bed. Fleur I couldn't stop thinking about Hermione, not only did I find myself drawn to her from the moment I laid my eyes on her, but she was also able to resist my glamour which was very strange indeed. Sure it mostly worked on men, but I could see that she was attracted to me, so after I dialled up my glamour a little, she should have been fawning over me, but she wasn't. Maybe I should talk with mother about this, she would know a lot more about what we are than what she's told me. Walking downstairs I saw my mother sitting on a couch reading a book while mindlessly running her fingers through Gabrielle's hair. I smiled at how much she fawns over Gabrielle, she had done the same for me when I was that age, and it was wonderful. "Mother, can I please talk to you?" I asked in English, deciding it would be best to get as much practice with the language as I could before I went to Hogwarts. "Of course, my daughter, anything for you." My mother replied but deciding to speak in French. "Why wasn't Hermione affected by my glamour?" I asked a little frightened at what the answer may be. My mother visibly tensed and immediately stopped stroking my sister's hair, she looked to be worried for a moment, but it slid off her face within seconds of appearing. She leant down to my sister and whispered something in her ear, smiling, Gabrielle got off the couch and walked upstairs. We heard her door close, and I couldn't help but think that mother had told her to close it a little hard to make sure we heard it close. After Gabrielle had closed her door, mother led me into the study where my father was working diligently. She walked over to him and whispered something in his ear which caused him to frown and raise his head from his work, he definitely didn't look very happy, and I'm scared all over again. "Please have a seat, Fleur," my father said in a rough voice. I sat down in front of him diligently and waited for him to continue speaking "Your mother tells me someone resisted your glamour, a girl no less, but I have to ask, are you sure she was attracted to you?" I nodded my head but before I could speak my mother did, "She definitely was, if you saw the look the girl gave Fleur then you'd know that as well" my mother said with a slightly irritated tone. "I'm sorry Apolline, but you know I need to work now more than ever, I would have loved to have been there." My mother just shook her head, annoyed that my father had been working so much and basically ignoring us, but she let it go. At least I think she did, but I was still worried that things were getting worse between them. "Were you, in anyway drawn to this girl?" my father asked now also slightly irritated with my mother. "I was, but I can't really describe it, I mean she was amazingly pretty, her voice seemed to sing to me when she spoke, and her scent had me… getting a little… er… aroused" I whispered the last part hoping they wouldn't hear but knowing they needed to. My father turned red immediately while my mother just smiled at me, her smile helped to keep me calm and reassured me that everything would be okay. "Dammit!" my father yelled and looked down at his desk. "I was hoping this would happen later in your life" he muttered, my mother put her hand on his shoulder, but he shrugged it off, I could see that my mother was hurt by that, but she kept it bottled up inside. "You were hoping what would happen later!" I demanded, angry at how he was treating my mother. "Do not yell at me!" he roared at me, but I just ignored it, "I was hoping you'd find your mate later in life" he answered angrily. "What do you mean my mate?" My mother answered this question, being the Veela in their relationship, "It is the one person that you can love properly, you can have relationships with others, but you can't fall in love… properly with anyone else." "And since it's happened so young, it's possible you may not survive without her." My father said matter-of-factly. "W-what do y-you mean?" I stammered out. My mother glared at my father, "Your father put it rather crudely, so I'll explain properly. For a young Veela, going through puberty is a dangerous time. As you probably know it's harder to control the glamour, so people may end up doing bad things to you, which is why we were so hard on you and will be on your sister in learning control. There is also your heart, a young Veela's heart is fragile, if it gets broken there is a good chance you will not survive it,