The story: This is the seventh part in the Mithrin series, following 'Holding You'. It's yet another long one-shot set in Rivendell around seventy years before the War. From Thranduil, Legolas learnt Estel's true identity and rode to Rivendell to find him, which he did. After plenty of angst, night came and they fell asleep in Estel's bed. This part picks up a few hours after that. Despite the extensive, in-depth summary above, it's necessary to have read the other parts in this series to properly understand this one. Timeline: This takes place in the Third Age (III) 2951, in the same year as the rebuilding of Barad-dûr (The Dark Tower) commences on the plateau of Gorgoroth in Mordor. Now Aragorn has turned 20 and come of age, and has therefore been told of his ancestry. Disclaimer: Not mine. Warning: This is an Aragorn/Legolas pairing, which means SLASH. This part also contains a dose of awkwardness, and an unhealthy, very large, amount of fluff. You have been warned. A/N: I do feel a need to finish all of my current, ongoing stories. New projects await and therefore I now announce the upcoming end to this series. In a little while. Knowing You The hidden valley of Imladris, Tuilë, III 2951 Slowly I awaken. The timid light of early morning carries a whitish hue that will turn to gold when Anor rises above the treetops. There must be dew clinging to the grass but even if the window-openings were uncovered, my eyes would not have sought it out. For your soft breathing is sifting through your bedchamber, enveloping me in a loose embrace. In our sleep we have untangled and you lie some inches away, and across your back floats the glow of day. Your head is turned to the side and you are facing me. Your dark hair is tousled and partially covers your cheek and forehead. I would brush it away to see more of you, but I will myself to lie still. I wonder at the night which has passed – and the evening before. And the days preceding them both. They have left shadows within; neither you nor I are unaffected though this moment could not be more peaceful. The remnants of my dreams are hazy, nothing more than dark sensations that have no faces. I force them away for this morning is too precious to be sacrificed to such a mighty force. Beside me you sigh in your sleep and I wish I knew your dreams. Then I change my mind, for I would not burden you with mine. There is perfect stillness around us as you sigh once more and shift slightly. Maybe such completion is unknown to you? I can restrain myself no longer. Gingerly I lean forward to brush away your hair and place a feather light kiss on your cheekbone, unsure if I wish to wake you or not. But the decision is not mine to make and a slow smile spreads across your lips. Meleth. "Legolas?" Your whisper is as soft as your breathing. I reply by placing another kiss next to the first one. I love you. The smile is still playing in the corner of your mouth. " Adan nin," I mumble against your skin, pressing a third kiss into it. Sleepily you reach out for me and I feel your hand in my hair, stroking it gently. Your warm breath tickles my skin as you raise an eyebrow, still with your eyes closed. "My Elf..." "Yes." Always. Your smile is the sign we both need. More acutely than ever you know now that you are human, and no matter how deeply you might wish it to be otherwise, this is the truth. You roll onto your side and pull me close, draping an arm around me and burying your face in my hair. I lift your hand to my mouth and kiss your open palm, exploring the skin that is less smooth than my own but darker and beautiful. You find ways to dive beneath my hair and your lips find my neck. They tentatively brush over my skin, sending small sparks of joy through me. You are warm and comforting, and I lose myself in the sensation of having you so close. While my eyes drift shut I run my fingertips along your clothed arm as far as I can reach, only partly conscious of the fact that I often return to your wrist, desiring to feel your skin again. Your lips are gradually moving towards my jaw. You hesitate just beneath my earlobe but then you cautiously leave a kiss there as well, a kiss that melts into my skin and blends with my blood. I exhale deeply and sway backwards to lie even closer to you. But you flinch and pull back with a small gasp and I am abruptly torn from your embrace. "Estel?" I blink in the sharp daylight that once more is around me, feeling cold and impersonal now. "I am sorry." Your voice is wavering and when I turn to you I can see that your cheeks are flushed and your eyes very bright. "I am sorry, Legolas." There is an eerie feeling of hurt within me that I am too confused to fight. "What happened? What..?" You scramble away from me to sit up, but though it is only a matter of inches, I cannot see that it makes much of a difference. Your gaze drops and the colour refuses to leave your cheeks. "I am sorry, Legolas..." you repeat quietly but your voice holds a tinge of urgency. "I... my body, responded to... having you so near." I must strain to hear the last words. Oh... Inevitably my thoughts go to my own body but I can detect no more than the remnants of blissful warmth and security. "Estel..." I know not what to say, what to do. I reach out and carefully touch you, watching as my fingertips brush your arm. "It is alright." "Is it?" Your eyes meet mine and I do not know even how to interpret the look you send me. You are a little scared and embarrassed, and very, very wary. Your voice is still low. "And you, Legolas... Did you respond... to me?" I hesitate, but I cannot lie to you. I think I never could, but certainly not now. But I do feel my courage melting away. "No," I admit, only to see bottomless despair taking hold of your features. "Maybe I need a little bit more time, Estel. Maybe that is all?" I hurry to add. "Maybe." You do not believe me. "Listen, Estel..." I push myself up and close some of the distance between us. I want nothing more than to embrace you but I am not sure it would be such a good idea. I take a deep breath. "Truthfully..." Now it is my turn to blush and I have some difficulty looking at you. "I would not know." I can feel your expressive eyes on me. "You have never..?" I shake my head, keeping my gaze firmly on my knees. "Not with someone... I do not know how we would do..." It is impossible for me to finish the sentence and I leave it hanging between us. The world tumbles over when you reply in a small voice: "I do. I know." You do? You have..? I swallow hard and my heart sinks low in my chest. I thought... I am not sure I had thought but a part of me – a part I hardly knew up until now – hoped that you were... Well, that I would be your first. And you mine. "Oh," I say, but it comes out as a whisper, a mere breath. We have never made any promises, it is true, but it hurts nonetheless and this initial sting of disappointment threatens to become an unbearable pain. "I asked my brothers." I look up, forgetting to inhale. You..? There is a deeply embarrassed half-smile tugging at your lips, and the colour in your cheeks increases. "They teased me for days afterwards." I draw a long breath as my heart once again grows lighter. "I thought you had been with someone else." I sheepishly confess my distress, painfully aware that we have not discussed this either. For a moment you look confused but then your eyes flash and you grow serious, forgetting all uneasiness. "No, Legolas!" You shake your head vigorously. "No! I would never do that." You lock eyes with me and the grey light that floods towards me is overwhelming. "I was hoping that... maybe you wanted to..." You pause but then your words flow from you in a rush. "I was hoping that maybe you would be my first?" For a second or two the world is still and silent, but soon I feel myself smiling at you. Smiling broadly. "I would love to." You look down. "I love you." Softly. The first of Anor's rays sneak inside beneath the curtains and I lift a hand to reverently touch your face. "I love you, Estel." My fingertips trail down your cheek, reaching the dark, tiny hairs that partly cover them and your chin. I trace the curve of your upper lip and it causes you to smile. I do it again, and again, before I travel down to you lower lip. What man will I be giving myself to? What being? Grey, shining eyes. Clear as the waters of the River Running. I am drawn to them, stronger than I have been drawn to anything else. I imagine that if I could collect a portion of every rain cloud that passed over Mirkwood last autumn, I might have enough shades of grey to draw an image of his eyes. Of your eyes. Man le? ' Who are you?' I smile and trace the curves of your eyebrows, my fingers coming to rest at your temple. You are different, I have known that since I saw you the first time. They said you are fifteen years old. Fifteen! How can I even begin to understand that? For how long does a sunrise last? How many sunrises make up the sum of your years? I will not count how many times over I have turned fifteen. You are twenty now. Your shoulders are broad and beneath your shirt there is a hint of muscle. I feel myself blushing at the thought of your body. Your presence, your person – your soul – has been a part of me for five years now, but never have I thought about you in such a way, with my intentions so clear. A determined expression is in your features as you slip off my glove too and you open your mouth to breathe as your fingertips gently sweep over my paler skin. You are still warm, despite the falling snow and the cold air. Your palm meets mine and the soft pressure against my open hand dissolves me and I merge with the frozen Bruinen and the dizzying radiance of Anor behind the clouds. ' It is the first time I touch you,' you whisper. Now I am touching you. I follow your jaw line and my fingers stumble in your humble beard. I run them down to your chin and then back again. Carefully I push aside stray locks of hair, but then I stop. Do you know that you are beautiful? I trace the rounded arc of your ear. Who are you? Estel. ' Legolas.' A breathless sigh is my name upon your lips, and then you turn around and dash from me into the darkness of the hallway. I close my door. Arda is spinning and swirling and I follow freely. I lean against the wood, feeling the circles of time settle down around me. Fate has never before seemed like such a great force. It has never before been such a blessing.