Summary: It is a wonder how he suddenly came to be the strong one, how a mortal man such as himself can give comfort to an immortal being of the ancient world. Pairing: Faramir/Legolas, Faramir/Legolas/Aragorn implied Rating: R/M Warnings: Slash and some angst. Disclaimer: I own nothing. A/N: I wrote this one several years ago but never actually published it. Tonight I felt like sharing! The Deepest Pain There is a vague sense of dread... The blade tumbled to the ground when his stiff, bare hands were unable to close around the hilt any longer. Any sound the sword might have made as it went down was drenched in the cries that echoed among the hills. The earth beneath him, however, was silent. The blood was sticky on his skin, mingling with the dirt and the sweat. A tendril of pain was shrieking in his leg. Something had sent him spinning a couple of paces back, made him turn his back to his enemy. So many... Too many. Where is...? He fought his way back. Maybe he had picked up his sword again, or perhaps he had found some other means of protection or retaliation. But the shock still rang through him. The fear. The stubborn notion that this was not truly happening, that he was still asleep. When he put his weight on his leg, the world was momentarily blackened out before his eyes. That he is– Faramir jerks awake with a harsh cry bursting from his lips. For one hellish heartbeat there is nothing to be understood about the world around him: he hears nothing, sees nothing, feels nothing but utter and complete panic. Then a hand on his forehead. "Faramir." Kindly, but sharply. "All is well." He is urged back down. And his head clears. He can feel his own heart thud rapidly in his breast but familiar shades and shapes are settling around him and he instinctively draws a deep breath. The night stinks of blood. But he knows his King's touch and the realisation that it is Aragorn's palm that is stroking his forehead and pushing back his tangled hair helps to ease him. Yet in the wake of the sharpest fear, the pain comes rolling back through him. Faramir groans. And Aragorn chuckles. It is almost imperceptible, but it is not something that Faramir imagines. It should vex him, but in this hour it rather soothes him. Then again: fear. And he pushes back up, against the constraints, provoking his lord's healing touch. "Legolas!" "Is well," the King says immediately. "That is, he is having an arrow shaft pulled out of his shoulder as we speak – it did not go very deep, though – and he was quite severely battered. But he will live and be well again." This new wave of relief makes Faramir's frantic heartbeat slow to a kinder pace. He does not bother to turn his face away as sudden tears sting his eyes. The last he saw of the elf was his long, pale hair flashing in a last glimmer of proper daylight as he ran to fetch his bow and quiver. In the face of the unanticipated attack, Faramir had been forced to push aside his worry. "And you, my lord?" Faramir's voice is somewhat raspy and his throat feels sore. "Just a couple of scratches." For the first time, Faramir tips his head back and comes to understand that it is resting in Aragorn's lap. He strains to look into his King's face. Aragorn looks weary and there are streaks of dirt across his cheeks. His hair hangs in a tangled, sweaty mess around his face. But there is a hint of a sweet smile on his lips. Faramir regards him for as long as he may. "Thank the gods," he says, finally. His lord's smile deepens just a little. "Aye, thank the gods." -xxx- The Orcs appeared amongst the budding shadows, heavily armed and uncharacteristically soundless. The King's company was taken by surprise, to say the least. Their foes were not many, but neither were the soldiers of the White City. Now, there are even less of them. Faramir tries to ignore the smouldering pyre of blackened flesh to the north as he tries to find a comfortable position with his back against a boulder. Around him, those who came away from the battle alive and standing are making impossible decisions. Moans, tainted and desperate, creep across the barren soil and there is the cold song of the sword through the night air as someone is torn from their misery. Faramir closes his eyes and feels his head swim. The sound of footfall does not penetrate his dizziness until his King is almost by his side. Aragorn bends to press his palm again to Faramir's forehead. "Are you all right?" Faramir smiles weakly through the faint ringing that seems to echo between his ears. He swallows against the bile that is rising in his throat. "Fine." But his King is not so easily convinced. "Did you take a blow to the head?" He sounds truly worried now. "No... not that I know of. Usually one notices those..." Faramir grimaces as fingertips explore his skull. "Faramir, do not be cheeky." Aragorn's voice is quite sharp. "I will have none of it. If you are injured you must tell me. And you must not fall asleep," he adds when Faramir does not open his eyes to look at him. "Not before I have concluded that there is nothing the matter with you." Faramir nods, and immediately regrets it. He forces himself to blink his eyes open, however. "I am fine. Truly. There are others who need you more desperately, my lord." Worry gleams in the grey eyes before him. " You need me." He speaks quieter now. Faramir feels his heart swell. It always does when his King looks at him like that. "My leg, then," he says. When he assumes the role of the healer, Aragorn does not cosset. Producing a small knife that glitters dully in the flickering light of the pyre and the hastily lit torches, he deftly cuts away the leather obscuring the wound and Faramir grits his teeth as fingers probe the blood-drenched ridge that has risen in the skin. "It needs a few stitches..." Aragorn warns him. "But I need to clean it first. We don't want to lock any dirt inside your body." Faramir agrees with a grunt, and another groan as Aragorn explores the twitching muscle. The searing pain returns with such force that Faramir chokes on his next breath. He hears Aragorn bark some orders and when his vision has cleared anew he can see that steaming hot water has been produced and a set of small ominous-looking metal tools. With no care for what Aragorn might prefer, Faramir squeezes his eyes shut and tries not to bite off his own tongue as hot water is trickled down upon his skin and Aragorn scrubs the open wound with a piece of rough-spun linen. He is soaked through with sweat once more. "Deep breaths," mutters Aragorn, and Faramir tries to obey to the best of his abilities but he cannot hold back a gasp as a burning salve is liberally applied to the gash. Then, from a small leather pouch Aragorn extracts the needle and it is little use trying to focus on other matters as its steely bite overwhelms him. When Faramir opens his eyes again, he is lying on his back on a pallet with straps of linen firmly bound around his thigh. There is a heavy pounding in his injured leg that seems to reverberate in his very bones. The night has progressed further and more torches have been lit. The air still bears the scent of death, and wisps of pyre smoke, thick and choking, still lingers around the camp, but the warm light pooling in places around him is comforting. He spies dark forms milling about and he raises himself up on his elbows. His throat is dry as old parchment and his body screams in protest, but he will not again succumb to unconsciousness. "My lord?" A grim-looking soldier Faramir recognises as one of the Tower Guard, steps forth and becomes a silhouette against the dancing firelight. "Can I get you anything?" Faramir clears his raw throat. "You have been watching over me?" "King's orders. He said to keep you under surveillance." Faramir has no energy to spare a blush. It always seemed to him that some soldiers can take the hardest blows time and time again, and yet scarcely feel it, but Faramir has always failed to endure much pain. As the Steward of the realm he ought to have suffered through the treatment and then risen to aid the others, not faint like some green weakling. Yet, there is nothing to be done about it now. At least his head is clear and his eyesight steady. He forces himself into a sitting position. "Can you tell me the body count?" The guard's face is a design of hard lines. "Five severely injured, marked for Mandos, it is said. Twelve dead." Faramir nods, and swallows. "And the rest?" "Much like yourself, my lord, to a varying degree. Injured but alive. Not many came away unscathed." "Faramir?" A new shadow appears in the dancing light and Aragorn himself bends down over him. "How do you feel?" He glances up at the guard who automatically has taken a step back out of deference. "Find some drinking water for the Steward." When he is gone, Faramir grimaces. "Sore... And I will admit to some pain. My thanks for treating me." "I would have no one else do it." This time, Aragorn's smile is more solid, though his cheeks sport an ashen hue. "And there is someone who would never forgive me if that wound festered and you lost your leg." "Is that so?" Faramir raises his eyebrows. "Apart from myself?" "Oh, Aragorn..." a new voice interjects, a weary one, and only laced with the slightest hint of reproach. "It is not his leg that matters, though it is a fine one." And Legolas the Elf steps out from the shadows that have gathered behind the King. His naturally pale complexion would easily rival a ghost's this night. At the sight of Faramir, his shoulders drop "You live." In turn, at the sight of Legolas, the anxiety that has been eating away at him ever since they first heard the rusty clang of savage steel earlier that evening finally evaporates. Faramir feels light-headed. "I do." Circling Aragorn, Legolas comes to stand beside Faramir. As he sinks to his knees, he winces and blanches even further. His face is drawn and there are lines of tension around his eyes. A new stream of worry trickles through Faramir and he lifts a hand to the elf's elbow, so as to guide him, feebly. "How did you fare?" Legolas shakes his head. His long hair is roughly pulled away from his face; it is tied up with a scrap of leather into a matted mess, with dried clumps of blood tangled in it. "I'm growing reckless... I left my bow in the tent and before I could get to it, some bastard had me shoved into the dirt and was of a mind to break my back." With a flash of pain across his face, he comes to sit very close to Faramir. Guilt assaults the Steward as he remembers their soiled bedclothes and the heady scent of lovemaking that had chased them out of their tent in pursuit of water and soap. Barely dressed, and certainly not armed, they had not been prepared for an assault of any kind when their enemy was suddenly upon them without warning. "No broken bones," says Aragorn grimly, somewhere above them, "but I mean to keep an eye on muscle and tissue for a while longer." Faramir feels the ground shift underneath him.