Summary: The ultimate guide to the poetry found in 'Author's Notes', containing everything you never wished to see again. You will probably be better off without it. This is a publication made by Imladris Library. Warnings: Hints of slash and the worst poetry ever found in Middle-earth. Disclaimer: Believe us, we want nothing. Note: This will make absolutely no sense at all if you have not read 'Author's Notes'. It probably will make no sense if you have. – xxx – Introduction Halfway through the publication of the work entitled 'Author's Notes' (early spring III 3018-early summer III 3019) the idea to collect all the poems in a special edition was gradually born. 'Gradually', due to three main issues, namely that (1) the readers of the above mentioned chaptered tale might already be, most ardently, longing for an end to that piece of tragic literature and would thus consider any additional material a plague rather than a blessing, (2) that the material was simply not good enough to earn itself a place of its own within the walls of our Library, and (3) that the majority of the poems are, undeniably, not only short and lacking in elegance, but also that they are – not necessarily a bad thing – incomplete. Nevertheless, in the weakening winter of III 3019 Imladris Library reached the decision to go ahead with the publication. Despite the lingering doubt about the, indeed questionable, value of such a compilation, the decision is based solely on the prevailing assumption that a shared burden is lighter burden. With the help of a few initiated sources we are now able to present you with the fullest available account of the rhymes included in 'Author's Notes', and though we doubt it, we hope that it will bring you some kind of pleasure. The poems are recorded chronologically, but we have tried – sometimes in vain – to categorise them, in an attempt to give you a sense of direction in the midst of chaos. Though no changes have been made to the original text, we have provided each poem with a title which we hope will function as a small introduction to the particular work in question. Also, we have conducted – a not so very extensive – research in order to give you some background to each poem. This will probably not help. There are no appendixes. Enough is enough. For any details on upcoming publications, please contact us: Imladris Library, Last Homely House, Imladris, c.t. 'Rivendell' hidden valley , West of Misty Mountains, East of Ford of Bruinen, Middle-earth. For any questions regarding this publication, please refrain from contacting us. We have nothing more to add. Imladris Library, summer III 3019 Author's Notes – The Complete Poems Random Ramblings: #1: Dream Recorded in the Library of Imladris (renowned for its magnificence and greatness) in early spring III 3018. This line is not ascribed to Aragorn Elessar, but rather to his companion and consort, the Elf Legolas Thranduilion. This makes it only slightly more bearable. ' Beneath the golden leaves I rest, and dream intently of his chest.' #2: Shire Pigs (It has been argued that the following lines should be added to the category 'Proverbs and Wisdom' but since they do not fulfill the latter criterion they will stay put in 'Random Ramblings'. However, they might fit in with the rest of the work in 'Stray words combined'. These two verses are Hobbit work and are therefore of little significance. Blame should fall on Meriadoc 'Merry' Brandybuck and Peregrin 'Pippin' Took of the Shire. ' where one pig goes, the other follows after' ' as one pig treads, the rest trod' Whole and Hale: #3: The Longing of an Elf in Darkness Composed in a pillared hall in the Mines of Moria (which may be deduced from its content) by Legolas Thranduilion, it appears to be the first intact poem that was recorded during the Quest. Note that it follows no hitherto respected metrical form. In the Mines of Moria, in a pillared hall, late one eve, at the turning of the year, there I linger. To sleep I fall, for though I perceive, that my lover dear is truly lonely, I lift no finger, to please and pleasure him, beyond every measure. #4: Labour and Pain (Could also be included in the category 'History Unfolding'.) Recorded by Aragorn Elessar in Lothlórien, home of the Lady Galadriel and the Lord Celeborn. It is truly a shame that such dreadful poetry was conceived in their blessed realm. We offer our sincere apologies. This is the first poem that was officially ascribed to Aragorn Elessar. It follows the tradition of not honouring any metres, but at least there are some proper rhymes. It is most unfortunate that the Dwarves are mentioned in it. Long and winding was our perilous road. Thrown into darkness were our senses. Pursued and hunted – frightened – we fled, to the Mines of Moria, where dwell the dead. Into stone we descended, over rock we crept, while the rolling doom of drumming swept, upon us – over and among, the fallen kin we were to join, beneath the earth, before too long. By Balin's tomb, we stood our ground, until the orcs were all around. And Boromir said: "They have a cave troll." Whatever happened after that? So much fear and such a great loss. Gandalf. Let fall many tears for the Istari! Stray words combined: These verses were written by Aragorn Elessar in Caras Galadhon, Lothlórien. They would have been better off forgotten. There is some evidence of a Hobbit's intervention in the writings but we have not the strength to go deeper into that. It is bad enough, already. #5: Lothlórien Adventures and Nature (There is an ongoing debate whether this one should also be included in the category 'Whole and Hale'.) Golden might a bough-crown be, in fair Lothlórien, upon a tree, but we were blinded ere we knew, the grass a-gleaming 'neath the dew! #6: Of the Elves (Can also be sorted under the category 'Random Ramblings'.) Tall and graceful is the Lady, wise and kingly is the Lord… ... … Around them light shall never fade –y…* *Please stay with us – this is as bad as it gets. #7: Departing (Does not belong to the category 'Stray words combined' but to 'Whole and Hale', and possibly also to 'History Unfolding'.) Oh, Lórien the beautiful, Lórien the fair, long have we dwelled in your embrace, but we are departing, leaving this lair, and other lands, we turn now to face. By boat and stream, a flooding current, on the long-winding river of Anduin. This is a typical ode to a land that has brought you peace and which you are now sad to depart. Sadly enough, the words 'stream' and 'Anduin' are not even close to rhyming. Please refer to 'Author's Notes' chapter 7 Fangorn Forest for a discussion on the 'm' and 'n' words. History Unfolding: #8: The Death of Boromir or Broken is our Fellowship (Possible alternative category: 'Whole and Hale') Composed by Aragorn Elessar in the western lands, or at least more to the west than to the east, near the border of Fangorn Forest, this is the first poem which introduces us to the idea of inserting a specific line at regular intervals in the text itself. The Library of Gondor has passionately refused the offer of a copy in remembrance of its lost son with the words 'Gondor has seen enough sorrow already'. By the flowing river the ending came no more shall matters be the same, darkened blood from our swords now drip and broken is our Fellowship! Struck by a thousand arrows he fell and mourning-songs will ever tell, how Gondor's son into death did slip now broken is our Fellowship! With his faithful servant the Bearer rode in the vessel towards the Darkness' abode, hope lies now in an elven ship for broken is our Fellowship! Would that be all the woe which passed but alas! more sorrow has amassed, vicelike is the Orc-hand's grip broken is our Fellowship! Into the foul and dreaded flock were thrown Peregrin and Meriadoc. We hunt them running, over stones we skip, for broken is our Fellowship! #9: To Isengard, Yes Isengard! (Contrary to widespread belief this particular poem does not belong the category 'Whole and Hale'. Attentive readers – if they have not already given up – will notice the lack of a proper ending.) Composed by Aragorn Elessar (will he ever stop?) in – surprise – Isengard, or possibly on the road thither. Hence the title 'To Isengard'. Someone should long ago have informed Elessar of the improper usage of 'dwelleth' in this context. It is now, unfortunately, too late. We can only hope that future poetry will not carry this disrespect for language. To Isengard! To Isengard we ride this night, to see where Saruman, his might, dwelleth in his tower high, beneath the black and shrouded sky! To Isengard! Yes Isengard! From whence the Orcs and Wild Men came, and mingled as if one and the same… From whence the Orcs and Wild Men walked, with blackened tongues they idly… talked? To Isengard! Yes Isengard! From whence the darkness sent its force, #10: Angry with a Wizard (Belongs to the category 'Whole and Hale' and possibly also 'Stray words combined' but that is debatable. It certainly does not belong to 'History Unfolding'.) This one we have chosen not to comment on. To Isengard in wrath and rage, we ride, the Wizard to encage. A night disturbed, a night ill-spent, for that, long curses he is sent. #11: Teasing the Ranger (Sorted under the categories 'Random Ramblings' and 'Stray words combined'.) Recorded in Rohan, this is the third and final hobbit contribution to this compilation. It is generally ascribed to Meriadoc 'Merry' Brandybuck, one of the Nine on the Quest and later Master of Buckland. How he managed to reach such a high position in life is, at least on the basis of his rhyming, inexplicable. ' From a Wizard's hand I was given a gift… And off he rode, oh so swift... A cold and evil palantír… much warmer I was at Sarn Gebir!' #12 A-hey! A Company in Grey! (Yes, can also be found in 'Whole and Hale'.) This particular piece of poetry is considered by some to be the best of the whole lot. It was recorded by Aragorn Elessar during the ride to the harbour city Pelargir. How he managed to write it down while seated on a horse is beyond us – and nor do we choose to speculate. It has been proposed that he first composed it by mumbling aloud and then wrote it down much later. It is a wonder anybody cares. A company in grey, rides this night away, towards the field of battle and the field of blood, where evil forces shall be conquered for good. A-hey! A-hey! A company in grey! A-hey! A-hey! A company in grey! They ride this night away! Now falls the night so deep, but we shall find no sleep, though weary we might be, no slumber we shall see. A-hey! A-hey! A company in grey! A-hey! A-hey! A company in grey! They ride this night away! A-hey! A-hey! A company in grey! A-hey! A-hey! A company in grey! They ride this night away! #13: Oh, Kingsfoil! (Does not belong to the category 'History Unfolding' but can be found in 'Whole and Hale') The Kingsfoil Issue was a tricky one during the War, and apparently Aragorn Elessar was so disturbed by the lack of this particular herb in the Houses of Healing (Minas Tirith, Gondor) that he felt compelled to write a poem about it. This is the result. Kingsfoil! My kingdom for some kingsfoil! Oh, kingsfoil, where can you be found? Oh, the abyss that is ignorance – oh, kingsfoil, my kingdom for some kingsfoil! Your fluttering leaf