Summary: Not all roads lead to home, but those that do are well-tended. Pairing: Faramir/Aragorn/Arwen Rating: M Warnings: Slash, het, threesome. Some general angstiness and a pinch of fluff :) Disclaimer: Geale Tolkien is not my name. Though I must say it has a nice ring to it. Not mine! A/N: This one has been lying around for ages , moving hard drives and been put back on the shelf. Today was the day to finish it. I'd like you to envision a slightly less radiant version of Minas Tirith for this one. This takes places at a real, proper medieval court. Bringing him home There were four hands waiting. The sky above was raging. One of the maidens had let it slip that afternoon, as she sat spinning with the Queen, that no one would be surprised if the very roof was struck down by lightning or if the Tower itself shook and fell when the thunder made the whole City shiver. At the sight of the Queen's white lips, pressed into a thin line, and the warning in her eyes, the girl had looked down and said no more. And the rain. Looking out through the window-glass meant seeing only a moving wall of dark and silver. Aragorn had said once that the walls of the King's Houses in places were as thick as his arm was long but Arwen was not worried for her own safety. Indeed it was a long while since she had worried about herself. Long life and immortality did that to you, she supposed. Many years ago she had worried for her mother... and consequently her father. Her brothers she had constantly worried about for any fool could see that nurturing a lifelong hatred against the Orcs put one in situations where life and death were equals. She had worried about Aragorn – a man , for Elbereth's sake! - who should have had her respect but never her love. Or so others had said. She had never agreed. She knew the tale, of course... Of how she had appeared to him like Lúthien herself in her father's gardens and how he had fallen in love with her right then and there. He had been the valiant one, the burning one, and she the cool-hearted maiden who made no promise. But as every tale was twisted to inspire the teller and please his audience, so also this one had been slightly altered. She looked little like Lúthien, she thought, though, naturally, she had never seen the lady who loved Beren. Furthermore, how could one compare oneself to one who had seen the glory of the Valar? And Arwen knew the burning of desire as well as any male. Aragorn had gone from her to her father, seeking his consent, but he had hardly left her balanced of mind and unmoved. No, she had loved Aragorn fiercely since that first moment. And she had not been a maiden. Old Heores was speaking again and she heard Aragorn humming along. She turned from the window and it was odd how that familiar wave of relief still swept through her when she saw that her husband was safe by the fire and not likely to be attacked by anyone and torn to shreds. Had Heores not developed a talent for wielding swords and hiding them well behind his stooped form, that was. Aragorn's eyes were distant where he sat on the low settee, his shoulders slumped and his nodding automatic. Heores was leaning towards the fire, reading from a parchment that looked like it had caught some of that sickly yellow light of the waning moon that had sailed across the sky yesterve before the storm came. She crossed the floor and, gathering her skirts about her, sank down onto the cushions at Aragorn's feet. She felt his relief in turn: in the way he immediately reached for her and drew her close against him, in the way his fingers wove themselves into her hair, uncaring of any braids or pins. The long exhale that escaped him could have been her own. He was safe, she was safe and there should have been no reason to worry... had fate not taken its little turn. "Therefore, my lord, I advise a reform of the tax system though no doubt the provinces will make some fuss." Heores rolled up his parchment and looked expectantly at the King. There were deep lines in his face and his light blue eyes were deeply set. "I shall consider it," said Aragorn in a voice that suggested his thoughts were far away. "Consider it, my lord? I beg your pardon, but myself and the Steward–" "Well the Steward is not here, is he?" Aragorn interrupted him hotly. "And what with this weather we cannot be sure when he will be back." Heores took a small step back, but was mindful of the flames behind him. "Sire, I am sure..." But apparently he knew not of what he was sure for the words seemed to die on his tongue. Arwen felt the tide of fear rising anew, just as she could feel how an identical one rose in Aragorn. They reacted differently and neither way was better than the other. He became easily angered and she spoke less and lay sleepless. But where his anger quickly dissipated, she could not so easily go back to sleep. Aragorn raised a hand and sighed. His voice was steady but fell flat to the floor. "My apologies, Heores. Certainly you are right and I should be agreeing straight away, but we shall speak of this again when Faramir has returned safely." It was the obvious dismissal but Heores lingered by the fire, his bleak eyes wandering between King and Queen. "My lord..." he said hesitantly, "if I may be so bold as to... It is a very strange arrangement..." But Aragorn spoke firmly, as he always did when anyone dared to bring the matter up. "Call it strange if you will, but it is a necessity. Or you would have no King." Or no Queen, Arwen silently added. To that, Heores finally bowed awkwardly and made for the door. When he was gone, with a last suspicious glance at his sovereign, Aragorn slumped back in his seat and ran a hand across his jaw. "I shouldn't have..." Arwen twisted around and he parted his legs so that she may sit between them and rest her head on his thigh. "You are worried." He slid a finger under her chin and tilted her head backwards so that he could look her in the eye. "So are you." She sighed in acknowledgement and he caressed her cheek with calloused fingertips. No matter how many years he spent as a King he was doomed to have hands like a warrior. "I am," she admitted. "He was expected three nights ago..." She could hear it so clearly herself: how her voice held that desperate need of reassurance. But he could offer her no such thing. His hand slipped back into her hair and she lowered her head back down. "I am only calm and happy when the two of you are under this roof. Breathing, healthy..." He sighed, too. "Oh, my love, how can such great happiness be kin to such great pain?" She caught his hand in hers and kissed it. "We have known pain, that is true, but we know it no longer," she said firmly. "By the grace of the Valar, Faramir will have found shelter along the road and is in this moment rolled up in furs by a fire." She said nothing about the cold creeping into his bones, rendering him stiff and making his muscles scream. Nor did she speak about the approach of midnight whose darkness so easily was taken for the memories of the Black Breath that had beset him during the final stages of the War. She did not have to – Aragorn knew this as if it were himself it concerned. "Come here." He drew her up onto the settee and she snuggled into his embrace. He spread a blanket over them both and she closed her eyes, but the crackling of the fire could not drown out the beating of the rain and the rolling of thunder coming steadily closer; it worked its way into the very core of her body, spreading its icy cold through her flesh and bones. Is this where fate has lead us? Are we lost? Sometime later she jerked to a loud call and muffled banging on wood. Aragorn started and released her, cursing under his breath. But when the door to their chamber was thrown wide open and a dripping wet guard emerged from the darkened hallway and called out that the Steward had passed through the Great Gate, curses quickly turned into praises. Mindless of the slashing rain they hurried towards the entrance doors, Aragorn barking orders that they should be opened no matter the temper of the weather. And he was obeyed and suddenly all that darkness and rain thrust inside. They ran, Arwen's bare feet making almost no noise at all upon the stone. She felt the cold tiles grow slippery underfoot and the wind tore at her gown and her hair, but she would not be chastised by any of her women, huddling by the windows and wrapping their shawls about them. Torches hissed as they were quickly lit and the small courtyard erupted into action as the sound of hooves finally reached the King's dwelling. Aragorn was already drenched when Arwen reached him. He wound an arm around her waist and together they waited while the rain made quick work of ribbons and silk. Her dwindling immortality no longer guarded her blood and so she shivered where she stood but nothing could make her retreat into the warm house. Not until they were three again. Two horses picked their way towards the flickering lights and stable boys appeared out of nowhere, ready to take over the reins. Arwen stood on tiptoe though she was almost as tall as her husband and tried to shield her straining eyes with a hand. There were two riders also, one with his back straight, leading the way, and one hunched over, sagging behind. Gleaming black and surely heavy as lead with water, their cloaks made them look like phantoms moving through the madness of the rain. The first rider swung himself off his horse when they were only a few feet away and without a word for the boy who took his horse, hastened over to the royal couple. "M'lord!" The hood was pushed back and Beregond's face revealed, lined with worry but with eyes gleaming with urgency. "He needs a change of clothes and some food for he would have nothing on the road today, claiming he had no appetite." Torn between listening to the guard and craning to see Faramir still atop the horse, Arwen felt her heart beating wildly. "Has he taken any injuries." "No, lady, none." Beregond shook his head. "No, but he walked with difficulty already on our fifth day." Aragorn, swearing, broke away from them and with a few, long strides he was by Faramir's side. Some guard or other aided him and together they pulled Faramir down from his saddle and into the King's arms. There was too much rain, too much wind, so Aragorn only slung one of Faramir's arms around his shoulders and tried to coax the Steward to walk. When this would not work, the nameless guard stepped up and with Faramir between them, they dragged the younger man towards the doors. "Thank you, Beregond," said Arwen, breath almost lost to the tearing winds, "without you–" "Hush, lady, and say no more." He kissed her cheek. "Then go to your own home," she said, "and I will thank the Valar for your return." With a bow he was gone and she spun