The story: A long one-shot set in Rivendell around seventy years before the War. Legolas travels to Imladris for the first time in several years. There are rarely swift changes in the life of an elf, but this time he sees something that will change him forever. A/L, slash story, although very, very mild. AU. Timeline: This takes place in the Third Age (III) 2946, five years after Bilbo is whisked away to the Lonely Mountain by Gandalf and the dwarves. In this year Aragorn is 15 and has been in Elrond's care for 13 years. He doesn't yet know of his ancestry as that is revealed to him in III 2951. (The War of the Ring begins III 3018.) Warnings: This is an Aragorn/Legolas pairing. There's no explicit slash, but nonetheless, I'm hinting towards it. If you do not approve of this, you are welcome to do something completely different. Or you could stay, put away your prejudices and discover something you might like? Also – IMPORTANT: The timeline is only here to provide us with a rough framework. It does not mean that the facts in this story are correct, such as the location of the dwarves' main realms, the effect wine has on elves or the growing-places of particular flowers. Lastly, Legolas is quite young in this story. Disclaimer: Arda is Tolkien's. Enjoy! Seeing You Imladris, the Hidden Valley Tuilë, III 2946 Spring has finally come! The warming glow of the midday sun is dancing on every newborn leaf and envelops the slender birches in a joyous embrace. Tiny star-shaped, white flowers are turning their faces to the blue skies overhead and I can hear them giggling among themselves. The grass on both sides of the road is green and when a brave breeze occasionally drifts over it, it sends its sweet fragrances swirling through the woods. It is now several hours since I broke my fast by the small, glittering stream and once more sat up on Êl to continue my journey. I feel the need to press on, despite not being in a hurry. The letter I am carrying from my father contains no grave business – he told me as much before I set out – but delivering it is still my task. No, I need not hasten. Not now as the first glorious days of spring fill our hearts with laughter and call upon us to sing beneath the stars. Yet, I long to arrive, for it is no foul place I am riding to. The Misty Mountains stand tall and proud against the horizon behind me. They are surely enthralling but my people have never got along with the dwarves who dwell there so I am glad to have left them for now. I have not met another traveller for many a mile which is odd since this is one of the greater roads, used by nearly all good inhabitants of Arda. But maybe I am partial. This road leads to what I consider my second home even though I have not been there for some forty years. It is of course no long time for an elf but I have understood that among Men it can be considered a reasonable amount of time. Of men I know not much. I speak the common tongue, naturally, but I do not think I have ever touched a mortal. If you were to ask my father, he would probably say that this is a good thing; he claims to have seen many disappointments in his many days. At the thought of my father I cannot help but smile. He may come across as cranky and irritable at times but he is a fine King, truly, and he has always been kind to me. I am making good time and soon the land begins to decline. I urge Êl on and he increases his speed. My hair flows in the wind as we draw closer to the vale that lies ahead. Laughter builds up inside and I let it out, passing on my blessings to this magnificent new world that holds every thread of promise in its hands. When we pass by the field that precedes Imladris we slow down and I catch my breath. I am expecting to see the place devoid of all living things other than the grass and the flowers – much because I have spent many days alone on the road – but as I ride on, I spot someone standing almost in the centre of the grassland. It is a gangly figure, dressed in elven wear and yet not seeming altogether elvish. The head is crowned by dark locks, falling no longer than to slim shoulders. He – for I do recognise him as a 'he' – is holding a piece of parchment in one hand and seems to intently search the ground for something. Then he appears to give up, runs a hand through his hair and slumps down on the grass. Puzzled as I am, I ride on. I wish to reach the end of my journey, though pleasurable it has been. o.O.o I am watching as Êl is being led away when a hand lands on my shoulder. I am spun around and caught in Lord Elrond's warm embrace. " Mae govannen, Legolas! How was your journey?" "Wonderful," I smile, "but I am content to be here as well." "You had better be." Lord Elrond's laughter fills the courtyard. He lets me go and holds me at arm's length. "Have you grown?" I shake my head and still smiling, I offer a mock sigh. "I stopped growing hundreds and hundreds of years ago." A sudden seriousness flashes over his face. It is not enough to wipe away his smile but it tints it with a hint of sadness. "True," he nods. "You all grow up so quickly…" He pulls me into another hug. "I am glad to see you again, ion nin ." We walk slowly across the courtyard, catching up on recent events and relaying news. "How is your father?" "Oh, you know adar ," I say. "He has been in a bad mood ever since the dwarves escaped his prison cells five years ago." It is true, too. Thranduil, King of Mirkwood, will never come to accept that thirteen dwarves and one hobbit managed to break out of their captivity by climbing into wine-barrels! Among us younger elves it has become a splendid tale but my father always puts on a sour face when anyone brings it up. Elrond chuckles at my words. "I expect so," he says. "Thranduil never was happy about that outcome. I, myself, am rather impressed by Bilbo's doings, but then it was not from my cells he organised the escape." "But you would never have held him captive," I say. I know not much of hobbits either, but this is a story that has been told many times, and I do know Elrond. "Maybe not," he agrees, "even if I had a cell to put him in." We walk up the stairs to the main entrance, but we do not enter. The afternoon is warm and fair and merrily greeted after the long winter. Elrond turns left and we stroll out onto the large balcony that encircles the entire house and overlooks the dale. He offers me a seat on a stone bench covered in cushions and I gratefully settle down, knowing that all the riding has wearied even my muscles. He sits down on a similar bench, opposite mine, and gives another smile. "For how long will you be staying?" "I have not decided," I confess. "For how long will you have me?" "You are like a son to me, Legolas. My home is always open to you. Stay as long as you please." I smile back, content. "I am in no hurry. Adar – oh!" I produce the letter from an inside pocket and hand it over. "My father sends you this. Apparently it is nothing alarming." While Elrond reads father's letter, I take a closer look at him. He is one of the oldest elves I know who still dwells in Middle-earth and he looks almost as young as ever. Almost. There are faint traces of worry in his face and his shoulders seem to have tensed since I last saw him. The usual peaceful air is about him, but something deep down within him disturbs it. It has nothing to do with the letter however because it proves to contain nothing more than my father's regular complaints regarding the dwarves and their activities in the Mountains. Elrond even laughs as he reads the last lines out loud: " If I knew not better – considering the horrifying result of my actions five years ago – I would send my army to the Mountains to drive the greedy scoundrels far away. Alas, I am wiser now, or so I like to think, so I shall take no action, unless you would send warriors of your own, dear friend, and so join me in a stand against them. It is a lost hope, I know already, but you cannot blame me for trying!" Elrond winks at me and I only shake my head, smiling. "Take good care of my son whilst he is in your care," he continues and then lifts his head again. "And the rest is the usual respectful greetings and such." "There you have it," I grin. "He will never let it go." "He will not," Elrond agrees, folding the parchment. "But he is clever to learn from his mistakes." I lean back in my seat, inhaling the scents in the air and feeling the blissful touch of the sun on my face. I exhale deeply, chasing away any lingering stress from my body. Then a movement catches my eye. Many feet away from us, a dark-haired figure emerges from around a corner. Undecided, it stays close to the wall, not treading any closer. I pull myself upright but that only seems to scare him off because he disappears as suddenly as he appeared. Elrond has of course noticed my action and he turns his head to look in the same direction. When his gaze falls upon me again there is a slight frown on his face. "Legolas, there is some business I have to tend to, I think. Can I trust you to find your rooms by yourself?" "Certainly," I assure him, "if you have not rearranged them since my last visit." "No, not yet," he says, "but should I ever find myself in the dire need of a dungeon, your bedroom will be the first to be sacrificed." I laugh with him and he gives me yet another hug. "I am glad to see you in Imladris again, ion nin ." o.O.o I am not known for staying inside when the weather is fine. To be honest, I am not known for doing so even when the weather is considered dreadful. Therefore, I am surprising even myself when I find I am having some difficulties leaving my window. It overlooks the gardens so the view is undeniably beautiful, but for once it is not nature that mesmerises me… at least not that part of nature. He is very young, I see that now. For it must be the same being whom I saw first in the field and later on the balcony. And despite his sometimes graceful movements it is plain to see that he is not elven, and there is only one other race he could belong to then: he is mortal. He is currently on his hands and knees, examining the various herbs growing in one of the flower beds. Now and then he reaches for a small silvery knife and cuts a few leaves from a plant before dropping them in various pouches spread around him on the grass. At times, he sits back on his heels and runs