The story: This is the fourth part of the Mithrin series, following "I drench my blade in blood". It's another long one-shot set in Rivendell around seventy years before the War. Two years have passed since Legolas left Imladris to fight in his father's woods. Timeline: This takes place in the winter of the Third Age (III) 2950 and in this year Aragorn is 19. He doesn't yet know of his ancestry as that is revealed to him in III 2951, which is now only a few months away. (The War of the Ring begins III 3018.) Warnings: This is an Aragorn/Legolas pairing. The slash is still very mild, but at least, by now, something is happening. If this is not your cup of tea, there are plenty of other beverages to be found elsewhere. Or you could stay, put away your prejudices and discover something you might like? If you've read the other parts in this series, you know this rant by heart but I'll say it one more time: The timeline is only here to provide us with a basic framework. It does not mean that all the facts in this story are correct. Disclaimer: They all belong to Tolkien. Enjoy! Feeling You The hidden valley of Imladris, Hrívë, III 2950 Ithil's gentle light is dancing upon the snow-covered treetops and sending silvery shadows chasing after the darkened gloom – or at least they try. The moonlight ripples across the white covers that have finally embedded our world in icy softness. Every small stream that we have passed so far has been frozen deep and there are but a few wild animals out in daytime, none during the night. There is no wind. I ride on, numbly. Êl's gait is cautious but smooth and I only loosely hold the reins in one gloved hand. The other is resting on my thigh, covering the nearly healed wound that a black arrow bestowed upon me some weeks ago. It hurts not much and the angry red of irritated skin is slowly fading, but it is one more reminder of that which will never cease tormenting me: I have ripped the life from more creatures than I can even begin to count. The sharp accurateness of that knowledge has somewhat dimmed and carries no longer the pain it did when I first encountered it. Yet, I cannot believe we are made for this; elves – maybe even men and dwarves – are no murderers by nature, we cherish life and all that is filled by it. How can death ever be preferred? There is some stirring and shifting among us. The greatest part of this hunting company has never sought to tread this path through the woods, but instead spurred on to reach the Pass through the Mountains and arrive in Mirkwood as swift as possible. Imladris has never been the goal or desired destination for them. Maybe because they know not what that place would offer them: security, comfort and peace. It is no one's fault, simply a fact. But we are in need of shelter now. We are weary and drained, wounds must be treated and hearts given the solace that they so badly wish for. We are no ordinary hunting party, searching for boars in the woods far from our home. No, our game is far fouler and far more dangerous. I have led the company this far, down the slope and past the field in which I first laid eyes on you, but now I sink back into the group of elves and let others lead the way. There is no longer any doubt about the right road and I need to think. I desperately need to think. I need to find a solution before I ride through the gates and face whatever I shall face. I am given little time though, for as my comrades sight your home, they pick up speed and I am forced to follow them. I have lost track of time – I do not know how late it is. Ithil begun circling the sky some time ago, but night falls rapidly in winter. Lights, small glowing lights, can be seen through the bare branches. They seep out into the gloom and send us all tidings of warmth and safety. Then we are sighted and approached, by guards I have never seen before – or guards who have never chosen to reveal themselves. Quick words are exchanged but I hear them not as a dull ache begins to pound somewhere in my body. Amongst these elves, as Prince my rank is the highest, but they are also soldiers, and as such I am one of the least experienced and therefore I deem others may step forward. Word is sent to the House and we are given leave to enter the sanctuary. We come to a stop in the middle of the courtyard, all of us surely suddenly struck by the realisation that there will be no orc-arrows aimed at us this night. A breath of uneasiness rushes through my kinsfolk in this place; Mirkwood-elves are not used to seeking refuge, even if it sometimes would do us good, undoubtedly. At first I see nothing moving, nothing that disturbs the soft whiteness and the gleam of moonlight spreading across it. Then, a dark-cloaked figure emerges from the trees and before I have time to think all of those thoughts I feel are crowding my mind, I understand that it is you who are fighting to find a way through the deep snow. Your coat is long and you are hooded. I would recognise you anywhere and in any fashion. You notice our presence – I can see it in the way you move. Your shoulders stiffen and you raise your head a little. Slowly, slowly you turn around and I will my eyes to close, but they do not. Were I not so tired, I would urge Êl to run – nay, fly – out of here. I would press him on, lead him through the High Pass even though nothing could grieve me more, I would never look back. For as you turn around – and you will wear a breath-taking expression of surprise and confusion, I know that – the image of your face will bring back memories too cruel for my soul to handle. Estel. What wicked game is playing on my senses and what evil power has linked the beauty of your face with the hideous scenes that haunt my memory? Why is it that I see you during every stab my knife carries out, and with every arrow my bow lets loose? You push your hood back and there is a curious light in your face. You must see the Captain of our company first, for he is closest to you. Your eyes fly over us, they roam over our forms and I avoid them. Elbereth knows it pains me, but I distance myself from you by calling my energy inwards. I keep my gaze trained on the top of your head where the dark hair is only vaguely visible beneath the hood. Then, as if released from unseen restraints, you burst forward and savagely push through the snow. Faron, our Captain, straightens his back and our plea for shelter is offered unto you. I forbid my ears to hear your voice for I will not tint that too with the darkness that has found me, but I see you nodding and saying something in return. "We have ridden long and hard. And some of us are wounded." Faron's voice is entwined with the tone of command even though he is really only wishing for your father to take us in. 'Wounded.' Your eyes flee his face and I feel them settling on me. Their grey heaviness is weighing me down and it is ironic how I would have cherished that, only two years ago. They are demanding my attention and I fight them despite the screaming of my heart. The breath in my body grows thinner and yet it fills my entire being, threatening to break my body with its building force. Somewhere, on the edge of my vision, I see the front door opening and a figure hastening towards us atop the snow. I recognise Glorfindel´s blond hair glimmering in the moonlight but I take no greater notice for I am losing the battle with your existence. Faron may say whatever he likes – you will not listen. Or if you will, your eyes will still be upon me, dragging my own ones closer and closer to your face. In a last, desperate attempt from my body to keep me away from you, the wound in my thigh begins to throb with a slow but steady rhythm. Instinctively I press my palm flat against it in a motion that does not ease the pain but gives me something to focus on. A treachery. As soon as I let my defences down, I am drawn to you as if you were the very jewel of this world. And I could never see how you are not. Uncertainty. Is that what I see in your eyes, or is that what is in me? I am swallowed by a sea of grey but I do not lose breath or consciousness. You raise me up and hold me gently above the surface, high enough so that I might breathe and so prolong my stay in your embrace. For the very first time, you search me thoroughly. The longer I yield to you, the more anxiety creeps into your being and in the way you hold my gaze. I am not open to you this time. Not tonight. Estel, do you know how tired I am? Glorfindel has reached us and has already spoken with Faron. He drags my eyes away from you, causing a veil to fall across your face. Distantly I hear the ancient elf-lord, my friend, questioning me, coaxing me to tell him of our hunt and the wounds – my wounds. I slip from Êl's back and try to land as lightly on the snow as I might, with my hand still clasped to my thigh. I hear myself speaking and I must make sense for Glorfindel is nodding and humming, at times turning away from me to give brusque orders to the stable-grooms that have come to lead our horses away. Your eyes are piercing me from any angle available to them, and yet again this new lesson is repeated to me: there are wounds that run deeper and are far worse than the ones violating your flesh. o.O.o My room is dark. The thick curtains are making sure that no wintry winds conquer the warmth incessantly escaping the glowing embers in the fire-place. I snuggle deeper into the blankets and pillows, making sure I stay on my right side so that no pressure further upsets the arrow-wound. Lord Elrond's herbal poultice is stinging faintly and it keeps me awake. Or so I like to think. He treated me quickly, more intent on seeing me to bed and saying that he would check the bandages again in the daylight. His face was tired and drawn, but his smile as warm as ever, and his fatherly embrace sincere. Now, I am alone again, in my usual room, as Ithil is gracing the black sky outside. I slip away gradually, now and then pulled back to awareness by a particularly sharp stinging or a stray thought I will not name. I do not know for how long I have been drifting when there is a soft knock on my door. Startled out of my reverie, I need a moment to focus my eyes and I listen intently, wandering if what I heard really belonged to a dream already forgotten. Then, again, there is a soft knock and I push aside the blankets and rise to my feet, grateful