Summary: Where shadowed memories linger, there can also be light. Early morning in Imladris. Pairing: Elrond/Glorfindel Warnings: Slash. So much slash. Disclaimer: I checked the books only a moment ago: the Professor's name is still on the covers. I promise. A/N: For the Pigeon. It took me almost a year, but do you remember that this was what you asked me to write when I saw you in that big city far away? HAPPY BIRTHDAY :~:O:~: White Roses Imladris, III 2610 Some say wisdom comes with age. Some say time heals all wounds… During the long winter that only some short weeks ago lost its grip on the Valley it seemed more plausible that with age comes weariness and with snow comes madness; and time dragged on and the wounds stung in the chill morning winds. Yesterday it was one hundred years ago that she sailed, that white sails aimed for white shores. My eyes strained in the mercilessly cheerful light of the sun as it cascaded down upon the waves that gently guided her ship westward. My throat was dry and so were my eyes for all tears were already shed. My hands were full of other hands: our children desperately clung to me like elflings lost in a never-ending nightmare. They sought guidance where little to none was to be had. It is a blessing beyond measure that they do not despise me for not wielding the power to save their nana . Our sons are skilled with bows and swords, and our daughter is too, although she pretends to prefer needlework. At least for a little while each day. We raised no children weak of heart and feeble in spirit. They are my starlight. During a hundred years I believed starlight to be enough; Celebrían was my moon – a silver queen who made my world shimmer in breath-taking beauty. When she released me from my vows she drove a knife through my heart. Elves bond for eternity I have always thought, but she was – is – her mother's daughter and perhaps she was in that moment gifted with foresight? For little did I know, but maybe she saw, how sunlight would flood my life when the pain had lessened and I could breathe for myself once more and not only for our children. Winter was chased away by summer this year, and not by spring. There is nothing spring like about the way the flowers exploded into the warmth Anor provides us with, or in the ways the rivers and streams chatter. Before eyes on the brink of losing hope, the grey and the brown were transformed and green grass and blue skies filled our vision. Sanity returned and we found we had a heartbeat once more. Then one day, as I was straightening my robes as I always do before leaving my chambers in the morning, he stood before me and I could not draw breath. "Have you forgotten how to knock, mellon nín ?" I finally said, but my eyes betrayed me and would not linger upon his face. They journeyed all over his form, taking in broad shoulders and the proud stance; the chin held high in a manner perfected during centuries spanning two lifetimes. He smiled, and I was sure the sun's course across the heavens had been disturbed: never before had that room been so bright. "I beg your pardon, hír nín . Excuse me." As history momentarily ceased to exist, I watched as Glorfindel stepped out into the hallway and pulled the heavy curtain across the doorway. I listened to the silence that preceded the knock, the sound of his knuckles meeting the wood of the doorframe suddenly sharp and demanding. And that sound is no stranger to me – I have heard it a thousand times, and another thousand, throughout the years. "Elrond?" "Yes?" My own reply was forced – forced through the numbness that was spreading through my body. "May I come in?" I detected the hint of amusement in his voice but I could find nothing of the sort in my own being to counter it with. "Yes." He pushed aside the curtain and was revealed again, flaxen hair carelessly swung over one shoulder and glittering blue eyes. "You stare at me as if we have never met before and you have just caught me unauthorised in your library," he teased, leaning against the doorframe. "I have not unexpectedly turned into an Oliphaunt, have I?" "I am sorry." I shook my head but it grew no clearer. I was held captive by the radiance that seemed to flow from him in endless waves, and what scared me in that moment was that, though I did not understand it, I was ready to drown in its force. "You look as stunning as ever," I whispered and I was lost. The days that followed are a muddle to me and will probably so remain. I remember sunlight and fear, I remember sunlight banishing fear, and I remember early summer nights that were never dark. But a few memories are as clear as morning dew and they share that same hue: grey eyes, three pairs, widening in surprise as I confessed my desire in something close to shame. It is a greater blessing still that my children would not condemn me but chose to love my love instead. It is not yet morning now; it is past dawn but we are somewhere in between the light of day and summer-shadowed night. Glorfindel wound his arm around my waist when we drifted into reverie and there it remains. It keeps me grounded and makes me feel safe, as silly as that may sound. His warm breath feathers out on my neck and his chest rises and falls steadily. Sometimes in moments such as this one I lie awake, repeating to myself over and over that I love him. I love him... I love him, love him... I love him. I have loved him always, but now it is different. And he has always loved me but that, too, is different now. "It is no small matter, bedding the Lord of Imladris," he said half-jokingly and half seriously when we stood together in front of my bed for the very first time. His arm tightens around my waist for a second or two before he moves against me, stretches, and then curls around me again. "It never is a small matter, bedding you," I whisper out into the room. "Hmm?" Sleep clings to his voice and he presses a soft kiss to my neck. "I love you," I say. He smiles against my skin and into my mind. If it is only an illusion I prefer to keep it that way; some bonded elves have known that skill but Glorfindel and I are lovers, nothing more. "Is it dawn yet?" he mumbles. "Dawn is passed, but morning lingers in the north," I say, sensing the life that is awakening beneath the unshielded skin pressed so close to my own naked body. With his arm he urges me to turn around and I find myself gazing into blue eyes, still slightly glazed over by sleep. The moment lasts not long for Glorfindel soon closes them and seeks out my mouth, pressing warm lips against it. The kiss is soft and slow, and it weaves a web of light around us. He slides his tongue against mine and a lazy desire rises within. I shift one of my legs, bend it at the knee, and drape it over his legs. My tingling flesh rubs against his skin and there is a first, dull pounding in my groin – almost like a single heartbeat but deeper and richer. His hand strokes my back and pushes my dark hair aside. "I love you, son of Eärendil," he murmurs against my lips and sends a shiver down my spine. I open my eyes even though he dips his tongue tip into my wet warmth. Whatever he does, Glorfindel always looks like he does it with ease. There is no furrow upon his brow as his hand slips lower and fingertips trace invisible circles near the base of my spine. There is no tension in his features when he teases my lower lip with nibbling teeth. Golden tresses mingle with ink black ones on the pillows. All linen is white, glowing white. The kiss reaches an inevitable end but we part without hurry. He smiles and I do the same, unable to do anything else as I am once again struck by the extraordinary incongruity of the situation. His smile changed the moment he heard my confession: it grew fuller and even more dazzling than before. His smile expressed his delight, his eyes his awe. It has not changed since then. "I dreamed about you," he says as he tucks a strand of hair behind my ear. "But I cannot remember what you were doing..." He looks thoughtful for a moment. "It was something about a bird..." I leave a kiss near his collarbone. "More and more birds are returning to the Valley now that summer is finally here." "Ah, and I who thought I was prophetic," he laments in mock despair. I watch the shiver race across his skin as my lips slide lower. "I am sorry, meleth nín , to spoil your hopes." His hand mirrors the movements of my lips and slides lower, too, to caress my behind. One of my own hands that have lain idle upon the sheets finds itself grasped by his free one. He guides it to his groin and to his stirring flesh. "Make it up to me, beloved, please." His soft-spoken suggestion is not of the kind that he sometimes voices when the fire of lust blazes in our veins. I smile against his chest, wishing to hide my reaction and keep it to myself for just a moment longer. He has many ways of casting his light upon me, my sun. I cover his length with my hand, I cup it gently, and his sigh wraps around me, and to me the world softens. But suddenly his hand that guided mine is on my cheek and he turns my head carefully so that I may look him in the eye. "What changed, Elrond? How did we end up here?" he asks and I can see he truly wishes to know – not because of any agony clawing at his heart but because he is curious and because he thought he had finally seen all that Eä had to offer him. "I know not," I say for I have not either discovered some hitherto hidden truth. His thumb caresses my cheekbone. "All I know is that I saw you in a new light, as if a veil was torn from my eyes, and I wanted you then. I fell in love with you so suddenly that it should be impossible." "For me it took a little longer..." "A few days?" He raises his eyebrows but not in contention. "You had more to lose." My ear lies pressed to his chest and I listen to his soft breathing. "I lost nothing; I gained so much more." I have almost forgotten that one of my hands is cupping his length. It is as if I make no distinction between body parts, and in one odd moment, I wonder where my prudence has fled to. I was always discreet, I like to think. And yet there is a tantalising feeling of freedom in my breast now. I increase the pressure slightly and Glorfindel gives an appreciative hum. "That is where we were..." He grins. "Memory comes back to me." His content sigh washes over my hair. "You are very old..." I feel the flesh warming and swelling. For a second I think he will stick out his tongue at me. What indeed happened to poise? "Technically, I am younger than you."