The story: This is the ninth and final part in the Mithrin series, following 'The Brightest Stars'. It's another long one-shot set in Rivendell around seventy years before the War. This is the conclusion, wherein some questions are answered, and other are, as in life itself, handed over to be dealt by with future. It is necessary to have read the other parts in this series to properly understand this one. Timeline: This takes place in the Third Age (III) 2951. Aragorn has turned 20 and come of age and Elrond has revealed his ancestry to him. Also, Arwen has returned from her long stay in Lothlórien. Disclaimer: Master Tolkien owns them all. Warning: This is an Aragorn/Legolas pairing, which means SLASH. A/N: So we have now finally come to the last installment. I wish to thank all of you for sharing this journey with me. To those of you who have taken the time to review, I am so very grateful. This would not have been done without you. Loving You The hidden valley of Imladris Tuilë, III 2951 Slowly spring finally came. It crept across the land, warming the air and chasing withered grass away with fresh breezes and sparkling laughter. Swelling buds adorned the trees and the first flowers coloured the fields and groves. For a time, short but blessedly beautiful, I truly believed that the outside world was merely a dream, and that fates and destinies were but an illusion. It was not until your brothers' return from the northern lands, three weeks after my own arrival in Imladris, that reality was once more an issue to be considered. They brought news of a darkening of the world so complete that any whisper of it caused dread to flow through our hearts. Yet Imladris lay in peace and it seemed impossible that any shadows could reach us here. Despite your brothers' stories, I slept easier as my own darkness gradually subsided. I know not why, but I like to think it was because of your presence. After our first joining, I believe that we were somehow satisfied. Strange as it might seem – for I have heard many tales that claim otherwise – it was enough for me to have you wrap your arms around me at night and hold me. Or I would be the one to hold you, and neither of us ever expressed a desire to repeat the actions of that night when the chill of winter still lingered in the Valley. Only soft kisses would be exchanged, in the safe haven of one of our bedrooms. And so we watched spring arrive, staying close together in silent understanding, as Anor rose higher and higher each day. o.O.o "Estel! Catch!" The sudden call tears me from my reverie and I throw open my eyes just in time to see you shoot up from the blanket we are sharing, your hair mussed and tousled. A loaf of bread comes sailing through the air and you reach for it, but miss, and it tumbles down in the small space between us. With a flush staining your cheeks, you push the hair out of your face and desperately try to hide a grimace. Several feet away, drenched in sunlight, Elladan shakes his head in mock disapproval. "Little brother... How will you ever manage to scout with the Rangers if you cannot connect your hands to your will?" He eases back down on his own blanket and gives a long sigh. You pick up the bread and break off a small piece which you drop into a basket beside you. With a glare at Elladan, you toss the rest to Arwen who catches it deftly, to the disapproval of both Elladan and Elrohir. "Hey, give us that!" Elrohir lunges for the bread without success. High-pitched complaints about extreme hunger accompany Arwen's laughter as you sink down again beside me. Muttering something I cannot decipher, you nestle a bit closer, lying on your side, and I catch your hand in mine. Your fingers quickly wrap around my own and you guide my hand nearer your chest, shielding this arrangement from curious eyes. We are still a respectable amount of inches apart but I turn my head to face you before I close my eyes again. The singing of birds drifts through the trees and blends delicately with the chatter of the nearby stream. As I begin to drift off, your hold on my hand is the only thing that grounds me. "Legolas?" "Mmm..." "Will you come to see me when I am in the North?" Your voice is low, but it is not a whisper. I smile into the sunlight. "Did I not say so yesterday?" I open my eyes and to my surprise there is a small grin on your lips. "And the day before." "And this morning," I conclude. "Do you not believe me?" "I do." You are once more serious. "But I like to hear you say it. I think..." You bite you lower lip and your gaze drops to the ground. "I think I would survive it better if I knew for sure that I would see you... once in a while..." There is a tug at my heart and I must fight for a moment or two before I find my voice. "You will be a great Ranger," I say and my thumb rubs the skin of your hand reassuringly, willing not only your, but also my own worries far away. "I must return to Mirkwood for a time, but I will come in autumn." At the mentioning of my home, you tense momentarily and I sense the question that I know you want to ask me, but you dread the answer too much and so you bite it back also this time. If I knew this answer you seek, my love, then I would not torment you so, but I say nothing either. "I will think about you a lot," you mumble, more or less into the blanket. Around us the argument has died down and the mood has changed. I lift my head to see your brothers contentedly reclining on the grass, sharing the remains of the bread, but Arwen is sitting up, her long hair falling behind her back and her soft gaze settled on us. My initial response is to pull away a little from you, but her thoughtful expression holds me immobile and when she smiles and then picks up the book that lay forgotten in her lap with a clear intention to avert her gaze, I turn back to you. You. My Estel. Anor has already given your skin a darker shade and when you look up, your eyes sparkle. In their grey depths there is concern and fear, but I see also longing and newly-awakened pride. The first time pride flashed in your eyes I was stunned beyond reason and I knew then that, no matter what darkness you would encounter, you would fight back. And I will always fight for you. "Legolas?" I glance back at Arwen but she is reading and has turned her back to us. All too conscious of our surroundings, I draw a breath I pray will strengthen me and lie down again. Your surprise is the last thing I see before I close my eyes and gently cover your mouth with my own. If my kiss is hesitant, you are even more so. You lie absolutely still beside me and if you breathe I cannot sense it. Still I keep my lips glued to yours in hopes that you and I – and the world – may adapt and accept, approve and allow. I will trust this love for you, if you will only trust yourself. Your lips are warm and on them lingers a faint taste of the honey glazed fruit we shared earlier. I increase the pressure a little and inhale deeply. I have discovered, but not told anyone, a new scent that is more intoxicating than anything else: the scent of sunshine on human skin. I have smelt it before: yesterday afternoon, when we briefly embraced behind a tall birch-tree in the gardens. It did not come flooding towards me, as do the scent of flowers or food, but stayed close to your skin, added to you as an extra layer, almost like a new part of you. Now I smell it again and I refuse to break the kiss. I detect your uncertainty and for a second or two I believe you will squirm and pull away from me as a tiny shiver ripples through you. But in the next moment, you relax and give my hand a small, nearly undetectable, squeeze. It is only then that I grow brave enough to part my lips just a little and rejoice when you do the same. "Manwë!" "Spare us!" Your brothers' cries cut through the sunlight and I tear myself away from you as colour mercilessly rises in my cheeks. This time you do squirm beside me, but as a remaining statement, you do not let go of my hand. Elladan is shaking his head violently at us with an expression of perfect disgust and Elrohir is shielding his eyes with a hand. "I think I may never see again!" he mourns bitterly and offers us a long groan drenched in despair. My cheeks are burning as I try to sit up more properly but you are pulling me down again as if you knew a way to disappear into the earth. You are blushing just as fiercely and embarrassment is flowing from you in at a wild pace, and you lick your lips as if to erase the traces of the kiss. I give you a desperate glance and you let me have my way and sit up. "Oh, be quiet!" Arwen's words momentarily quench your brothers' loud complaints. "It can hardly come as a surprise to you." "Perhaps I did not want to be confronted with it!" Elrohir retorts and lowering his hand, sends us a glare. "Really Arwen," says Elladan, "Estel is tiny!" Elrohir nods vigorously. "If you were like that old oak over there," he points to some tree behind me, "Estel would only be the newborn bud on a year-old branch." "I am grown," you mutter from beside me. "I am a Man." "What does it matter?" counters Elrohir. "You are still centuries younger than us – and Legolas." "He is grown by human standards!" Arwen cries out in a way that sends us all back in time to when we were but elflings, fighting and arguing over what we then thought to be the most important matters in Eä. "He is still..." "I do not care," I hear myself saying and all is suddenly very quiet. With all eyes on me, I fight to keep my voice steady and display any kind of honour I hope I have left. "I do not care," I repeat. "I love him." I love you. Elrohir runs a hand across his jaw. "We all love him..." he begins slowly. "We all love you, Estel," Elladan agrees, turning to you. "But... You were always so... little." He smoothly flips back his dark hair, seemingly rearranging it after the argument. "And we have known Legolas for years. " You scramble to sit up and for the first time you let our still entwined hands be seen. You say nothing, though. Perhaps you are waiting for the apology that is maybe hinted at and do not want to jinx it. "And things cannot change?" Arwen has put down her book and is examining Elladan and Elrohir with a questioning look on her face. "Of course they can change!" Elrohir exclaims. "But if Legolas was to fall for anyone here, we were certain it would be you, little sister. " "Not some mud covered human," mutters Elladan in a low voice. Now it is Arwen's turn to blush but