Summary: One is unbearable, Two is desirable, Three is completion. Legolas left Minas Tirith soon after the War to spare himself the pain but when duty calls him back, everything has changed. Pairing: Legolas/Aragorn/Arwen Rating: M/R Warning: Explicit slash, explicit het. Threesome. That's your warning, right there. Disclaimer: No, Tolkien would probably not approve of this either. He owns them so he should know, but I didn't ask... A/N: It's been brewing for a long time. Even narrow-minded, stubborn slashers can change ;) Three Three – infinite new possibilities Three – doesn't it seem like there's no end to what we can be when Every touch our grace is multiplied Every kiss our souls are opened wide Every moment is precious and sanctified And our time is filling like cups of honey wine Sweeter the water, the deeper the well Life is spilling out all over We're spilling out over ourselves Basically three – basically three ~ from 'Three' by Gaia Consort ~:O:~ It was as if summer commenced the moment Sauron was vanquished in his dark pits, torn into nothingness, destroyed beyond measure, when a tiny Hobbit, worn and wearied, fought with the wrecked creature Gollum in the very core of Orodruin, and lost the One Ring in the sea of fire that was its undoing. And Aragorn of the Dúnedain conquered too, for he had challenged the dark, thrown his own precious life into the foul game we were playing as a bet, in a last and desperate attempt at diverting the enemy's attention from the strategy our faith rested on. When the reek of Mordor rose in wrath at the trickery, my eyes met Aragorn's and we were set free at last. Freer than the mighty Eagles swooping down, and yet the iron shackles of my own doom clicked and locked around my ankles and I knew I stood before despair, and it was mine to bear alone. And so it was that the Sun shone down upon the White City which Men loved so fiercely but I only feared as we returned, and Faramir, the one surviving son of the late Denethor offered Aragorn his kingship. Gimli, ever present at my side said nothing and for that I was thankful. Indeed, no one spoke to me, not even the hobbits, though their eyes were full of wonder and they whispered eagerly among themselves. It was the only time after the fall of Sauron that I saw Frodo thus elated. Anor was cruel during those early days. She filled the world with light when I would have darkness, a desire so foreign now that Darkness was torn away from Middle-earth. Swept up by the tidal wave of his new responsibilities, Aragorn seldom sought me out. I found instead that my feet more and more often guided my to the study of the Steward and I spent many a long night in effortless conversation with young Faramir whose boundless interest about the outside world but steady temper and quick wit pleased me. But when a fortnight had passed he ignored one of my questions regarding the surrounding lands of the Moon, and leaned forward in his seat instead. "Please, Legolas," he said, almost gently. We had abandoned titles quickly. "Will you not tell me what ails you? I wish to think that you seek my company for my own person but there is more to it, I can tell..." Momentarily fearful I had led him to believe I had come with ulterior motives, I was lost for words. He was not unlike Aragorn in appearance. They were both tall with grey eyes and dark hair. But Faramir was not as broad-shouldered and he was shyer, and he spoke with more care as if he feared his words might harm another, however ordinary they were. Could I love him? , I wondered, and must look deep inside my own heart to know if I were deceiving myself. Men think we are so pure and clear-sighted; little do they know of what happens to a heart and a soul that lives ever on while life and death replace each other in the endless cycles of time. "I come not hither to..." I began but could not finish. To seek your love? Because I am in need of a new lover who can spare me the pain of separation? He regarded me for a while. "You are fleeing," he said at last, not with distaste or scorn, but with a neutrality I found oddly comforting. "From what? If you do not mind me asking..." My eyes fell then to my hands, clasped in my lap. I loved hands. Oftentimes they made possible the only physical connection between myself and Aragorn. When it was not seemly to kiss or embrace, a simple brush of one hand against another must say more than any other caress. In the darkness of the Moria mines we had slept next to each other, hands twined together, hardly daring to breathe. I could not lie to Faramir. It was said he was long-sighted, just like his father before him. I did not think Boromir had shared the same trait or he too would have known there was something more to mine and Aragorn's friendship. "You are right," I said, and I sounded weak to my own ears. As of yet I had never given voice to my own despair. "It is so." He did not move but his words contrasted to his searching gaze that lingered on my face. "You need not tell me, but if I can help in any way..?" I remembered then that I had heard the faint traces of a rumour of him and Éowyn, now turned sister to a King. If there was love between them, Faramir surely did not look for a lover's touch in me? "I'm afraid you can do nothing," I said even as I felt contempt for the despair in my own voice. "The path I have followed for a year has come to an inevitable end, that is all." What was one year out of thousands? "And you mourn it," he concluded quietly. "Aye..." I rose and walked over to the window. In the courtyard below, lamps were being lit and the soft glow seemed a mockery of my own sorrow. He did not follow me but remained in his chair. The wine glasses stood forgotten on the tray. I had not meant to speak but suddenly the words rushed out of me unchecked. I leaned my forehead against the window-glass and closed my eyes to the sound. "I followed Aragorn... I joined in the Quest out of compassion for Frodo, but I really followed Aragorn. I have known him since he was first brought to Rivendell to be fostered there." I cared not that Faramir might be poorly informed about this tradition; Lord Elrond had throughout the years housed the children of the Dúnedain, the heirs to the throne of Gondor, for they were safer in the elven realm than in the wild North. "Long have I loved him and I could do nothing else... I decided in that moment that I'd rather die by his side than sit within my father's walls and receive the tidings of his passing from a messenger." "The King is easy to love," said Faramir in his usual sedate way. "I would have done the same." "No!" I shook my head and the fierceness of my emotions collided with the cool glass. "No, you do not understand, I love the King, Faramir." I turned to face him and could see that my words had caught and he was trying to make sense of them. "I love Aragorn." I sank back into my chair and dropped my head into my hands. "I knew but joy when he touched me the first time... We were trapped underground – I could not curse the Dwarves then for their greed for it bound us together in our fear. And we shared a kiss in Lothlórien after we had seen Gandalf meet his death in the fire of the Balrog. He was curious and on the verge of losing all hope and that is a powerful blend. I did not hold back..." Silence followed when I had finished. Images came unbidden to me: of the rare rays of sunlight which made Aragorn's eyes sparkle, of the nights in Edoras where the rooms were dark and kept secrets well. "You are lovers..." It was a statement made gently, and there was a hint of wonder also in it. I was compelled to look up for even though the admission frightened me, it was a great relief to finally having heard someone else speak the words out loud. "Yes." "But..." I knew what was coming and I nodded – my head and my heart equally heavy – before he had finished his sentence. "He is betrothed to another. He is pledged to the Evenstar." Faramir's hand upon my own was a welcome rock to cling to. "I am sorry," he said, and there was nothing more to say. Three days later I stood in the Tower Hall, clutching a document that Aragorn had handed me with practised ease. I would have despised the smooth arc his hand made as he held it out for me to take if it had not been for his eyes which were so dulled they looked to me like a muddied pond, forgotten in some barren land. Faramir stood a few feet away and I knew he had played some part in this though I had not asked. I was grateful somewhere in the bottomless sorrow that had deformed my heart. "You will care well for Ithilien," said Aragorn and I supposed it was a good thing that not a single one of Gondor's dignitaries was there to hear the King's voice shatter and break. I nodded, my throat so tight I could not speak. Then I left the Tower and Minas Tirith, and did not return for many months. Not even for the wedding. ~:O:~ When it became impossible for me to stay away any longer, the autumn storms had already raged through the lands for weeks. Those of my own people who had left Mirkwood – now known as Eryn Lasgalen – to dwell with me in this new place had laboured long and hard to make everything ready before the onset of winter. I had nearly drowned myself in the work, seeking with mounting desperation to banish the aching in my body that mercilessly flung itself on me each night and had me utterly wearied by morning. My people needed deliveries from the City and there were agreements and treaties which required the seal of the King. I could have entrusted these to a swift rider but in the end I confessed that my own desire to see Aragorn outweighed every other argument I challenged myself with. Therefore, it was with great longing and anguish that I packed my saddlebags and rode towards the all-superior city of Men. When last I had seen it, it still bore the wounds of battle. Now it shone even in the dreary rain that had begun falling sometime after the noon hour. I even pushed my hood back a little to take a better look. The enormous Gates were swung open but there were guards there and they scrutinised everyone passing through and demanded the name of every traveller seeking entrance. I handed over the now sad looking decree and stated my name and purpose as clearly as I could in the pouring rain. "What?" "Legolas son of Thranduil, King of Eryn Lasgalen," I all but shouted through the clatter of hooves against stone, effectively losing some of my meticulously gathered courage and dignity. The guard eyed me intensely, silver rivulets of water criss-crossing the polished armour of his helmet. He too wore a cloak, but his was the duty to be attentive