Greetings and blessings of the season! A strange tale awaits you, as you will soon discover, but before we get started, a couple of things: In Sweden, we celebrate advent, the time stretching from the fourth Sunday before Christmas to Christmas Eve (which is more important here, than Christmas Day). On every one of these Sundays, people light a candle and in the end, we have four candles burning. I now offer you to join in this small celebration with me, but instead of a candle, every Sunday leading up to Christmas, we'll have another part of the story. This tale is a result of some messaging between me and one of the most inspiring people I've come across in a very long time. It is meant to include a library, a salad, a cookie, a chocolate fudge sundae, a closet, a wash cloth, friction, a certain human and a certain elf, and last but not least, a banana! I also seem to remember something about someone opening a door, and then two others opening another door… and some surprised looks too. So, Jellybean, do enjoy this, will you! (Or I'll… make sure you get no closet-friction for Christmas!) -ooo- Dear reader, This is a publication made by Imladris Library. It was never meant to be brought into being in the first place and, due to the extensive amount of inexplicable silliness within this document, the publisher immediately wishes to express its sincerest apologies for its existence. The publisher accepts no legal responsibility for the contents within these pages, and heartily urges any unfortunate reader to leave before it is too late. Should the reader, against better knowledge, delve into this text, he or she should be aware of several matters of concern: The contents of this document carry no deeper meaning and appear to be wholly without connection to reality ('AU'). What is more, it seems like the text includes references to what appears to be an all-male relationship ('slash'). The Imladris Library also suspects that certain characters could be considered 'OOC', but since no one has cared to look into this, the publisher takes no responsibility for this either. For these reasons, and undoubtedly other ones not considered or mentioned, the publisher perceives no grounds for so called 'flaming'. Rest assured, dear reader, we are already all too aware of the excessive ridiculousness and absurdity within these pages. Once more, we beg for your forgiveness and wish you a good day! If you would like to contact the publisher, please write to: Imladris, c.t. 'Rivendell', hidden valley , Imladris, c.t. 'Rivendell', West of Misty Mountains, East of Ford of Bruinen, Middle-earth. However, the eager letter-writer should know that we open no letters post this publication. For at least fifty (50) years. -ooo- The Christmas Closet Imladris, III 2944, Hrívë 1 Part One, in which 'beautiful' is used in excess and the pumpkin seeds are slimy. This is a tale for winter. When the mornings are dark and dreary, and night falls swiftly. This is a tale to be read and heard while the ground is sleeping and the trees are huddling close together in the woods. Yes, they huddle. You might not see it, but I promise you, it is so. Winter is when the swirling snowflakes play hide and seek all around you, sometimes pulling you along with them and wanting to hide underneath your carefully arranged scarves. Do you angrily chase them away? Ask them nicely instead, and they just might listen. For the world is still enchanted, even though some people might tell you otherwise. One would do wise to close one's mind to such ideas, for what would life be if it were not occasionally sprinkled with a rain of glittering, magic sparks. And what is it that says they do not come from a wizard's staff? Even if you cannot see him? Here now, is the first part of this tale. May it bring you joy and may the season bring you hope and peace. -ooo- Estel had been minding his own business. He really had! He had been completing all his chores (which had taken him a good deal of time since pumpkin seeds were quite slimy and difficult to separate from the rest of the pumpkin… slime), he had gone through all of the documents ada had recommended and he had even made his bed (which was almost unnecessary since it was late afternoon). With all this done, he had a hard time imagining that he was not allowed even a small peek. Just a small one, such a quick peek that no one would ever know! He would sneak inside, hide behind a high bookshelf and cast an innocent glance around the corner. Because innocent it would be. If he could only figure out which bookshelf to choose… Well, not that this promised innocence was dependent on the shelf (or the books in it) but you know… he had to choose wisely. He wanted a good view after all. Especially if he was allowed only one peek. Oh, this was most exciting! Small snowflakes were falling outside and the afternoon was growing gloomier and duskier. Preparations were in full swing wherever he went, but Estel had a hard time enjoying the garlands of evergreen and the small twinkling lights hung among the branches of the trees. Sharp spices tickled his senses in the kitchens and pearly, snow-like mounds of rice rose high on the workbenches, but that failed to capture his attention. Not even the intriguing deliveries come from every part of Middle-earth managed to interest him the slightest. Save for one. Estel made his way down the corridors. Singing and laughter slipped around the corners and encircled him. Ada had for once agreed to let his work rest and was now in the Great Hall presiding over the decorating. Elladan and Elrohir were probably there as well, teasing Glorfindel or eating all of the pumpkin seeds Estel had so meticulously roasted earlier, or both. Strange as it was though, Estel did not care much. His brothers were welcome to all the seeds they could find, as long as they stayed away from the library. Outside the heavy door, Estel came to a stop. The dark wood was polished, but the storm of glittering decorations had not reached it yet. It still looked pretty much the same. And it was pretty much the same, except now it hid what Estel had come to look at. A tingling sped through his body and he suddenly wished he had taken the time to pass by his room to make sure his hair was not the mess it usually was, and that his tunic was neat enough. But then, he was not supposed to be seen, he reminded himself. He refused to acknowledge that his hand shook a little as he placed it on the doorknob and carefully slid the door open. Soundlessly it swung on its hinges and revealed a warmly lit room, filled to the brim with books. There were books on shelves, books in piles on tables, even books that had found a comfortable corner on the floor to rest upon, something that obviously was not Lord Elrond's idea. The room was shaped like an L, so it was impossible for Estel to see the rest of it – where the windows were, and the great desk, and maybe – if he was lucky – where the object of his admiration was. There would be two wood-fires burning in the library, but he only saw one at present. The other one faced the desk, and that was where Estel was headed. Silently, and quite proud of it, he slipped across the floor and wound his way between the books, towards the furthest part of the room. His heart skipped a beat as he heard the distinctive sound of parchment being overturned, or possibly laid aside, but that made no difference to his quest. With his breath caught in his throat, he nestled closer to the bookshelves and stayed in the shadows. Only a few feet left now… Yes, by the sounds of it, there was definitely someone in here! And so very soon Estel would lay eyes upon him. The last shelf loomed before him like a huge mountain. A friendly mountain, though, that would conceal him, but also let him glimpse the most beautiful creature he had ever seen. Estel scrambled over and pressed himself close to the wooden structure. This one was, too, laden with books and parchment so it hid him effectively. He forced himself to calm down. It would not do to announce his presence by panting heavily – or fainting and tumbling to the floor from lack of oxygen. With a deep breath, he closed his eyes. Then slowly he opened them and peered out from around the shelf. There he was. Blinking, Estel felt all resolve and determination seep out of him. He could only stare. He took no notice of the bluish dusk sinking over the wintry valley outside, nor did he notice the crackling wood, being devoured by the flames in the fire-place. All he had eyes for was the blond elven prince, curled up in a chair behind the desk, pouring over a piece of parchment. He was so beautiful! Legolas Thranduilion had arrived three days ago, escorted by a host of Mirkwood's finest soldiers. Dazed, Estel had watched the brilliant prince enter the Hall and he had vaguely heard ada say that he had come to celebrate the winter season with them. King Thranduil himself would arrive in two weeks, not able to stay away from his kingdom for as long as his youngest son could. Naturally, Elrond had spoken a lot more, but Estel registered only the important things, such as the extraordinary blondness of the prince's hair, his blue eyes and the fact that he was named 'Legolas', which Estel soon decided was the most beautiful name in Arda. Yes, he found it very difficult not to use the word 'beautiful' too often when he thought of Legolas. Long minutes passed, during which Legolas turned over yet another parchment and Estel stared. What the prince found so interesting in the scripts, Estel had no idea of, but as long as he was able to watch, he was content. He had not said a word to Legolas of course. He had imagined many discussions they might have, long-winding talks about whatever Legolas might wish to speak of, but he had not said one word to him in person. He had not even considered that a time might come when he was no longer content only watching. For now, he was so overwhelmed by this newest addition to the inhabitants of Imladris that his thoughts went no further. It would seem now to anyone that all was well, and everything would stay the same, as the small human was at peace with his situation. But as we all know, things cannot simply stand still. Anor rises and descends, and the stars in the heavens are constantly turning. The Valar themselves might be eternal and never-changing, but that does not mean that they do not wish to see us grow, and so it was also this time. Estel had been watching for what seemed like an eternity transformed into a single second, and he had no plans on leaving. He would not have left for the world. But when something happened that freed him from his unmoving stance, he nearly shattered into nothingness. A soft voice called out to him. "Estel?" Oh, gods, gods, gods! That was Legolas! Oh, gods, what was he supposed to do now?! Estel did the only thing he could think of. He withdrew his head and with a pounding heart pressed himself flat against the bookshelf. "Estel, you had better come forth. I know you are there." Legolas was angry with him. Of course he was.