The Story: is a sequel to Author's Notes. Warnings: The story is a sequel to Author's Notes. Disclaimer: So not ours. We have nothing to do with this. We found it in a dusty corner that should have passed into eternity forever ignored. Note from the publisher: Read at your own risk. Imladris Library accepts no complaints, indeed, will not even acknowledge them. Please visit your local healer if you experience any unpleasant side effects while reading. This is a sequel to Author's Notes! Author's Notes: Open Up! There were too many damned keys in the world. Seriously. Somebody should write a poem about that! But, as he was not writing poetry in this very moment (though a poetic soul never really abandoned his true calling in life) he only grumbled, "Open up!". Lately he had had many opportunities to perfect this particular combination of words. It was great fun. Not. Haha. See? Not funny. Anyway, it was late too, which really did not help at all. Aragorn sifted through the bunch of keys, his frustration mounting while the small metal objects cheerily chattered in their leather pouch. The five he had already tried had, one by one, been dropped into his pocket. By himself, of course. It would have been really weird if someone else had done it. Since he was alone. Which also was bad. Apparently Legolas liked to take late evening walks. Who would have guessed? It was not for nothing Aragorn had made sure he became King of a City (yes, yes, and Gondor and Arnor) made of stone. The simple plan had always been: seduce Elf, become King of Minas Tirith, make sure Elf was so unused to living outside a forest that Elf never left King's side. Then there had been that Ring business but that had been cleared up rather nicely, if he was any judge. Anyway, Legolas had developed quite a love for the City and that was most unfortunate. Right now, for example, it would have been nice to have an additional pocket to dump useless keys into. Certainly Legolas had a pocket somewhere? In his clothes. Because he did usually appear dressed before the court. (Members of court never set foot in the royal couple's bedchamber. That, on the other hand, was a good thing.) Now, if he could only enter said bedchamber... (Not that Legolas was likely to be in it.) He tried a sixth key in the lock, picking it at random and rather expecting it not to be the right one. He was right – which was almost funny, in a non-funny way. On the eighth attempt he managed to finally conquer the stupid door. Not with key number six, of course, since that one had not worked the first time and it would have been entirely useless trying it in the lock another additional seven times, but with key number eight. He refrained from petting the key (number eight) affectionately. King does not pet key, King pets Elf. The bedchamber lay drowned in a sea of compact darkness. Midwinter was not too far off and a fire would have been nice! But, oh no, who cared about the wellbeing of the King! He trudged over to the fireplace and set to work and soon enough he had a crackling fire going. Ranger skills: intact. Excellent. He dumped the pouch of keys on the table by the window and lit a few candles. It was late, but not horribly so, and he guessed that Legolas was allowed some time on his own. After all, they did spend very much time together... They were very close. Aragorn especially liked the way they were close when they were – together. They had not been that close since morning. It had never been confirmed, but Aragorn guessed that the nobles of Minas Tirith would not approve if he dragged Legolas onto the big table in the Council Hall and... was close to him... during one of those dreadfully boring meetings. Then again, who knew? Maybe it could be fun? He still suspected, some six months after his and Legolas' wedding, that there were those at court who still did not truly believe that they were a couple. Sometimes he caught some ancient fogey frowning at them both. Mostly at Aragorn himself, to tell the truth. Maybe they wondered what he did with Legolas? Well, they had never shared a bed with his Elf. And if they ever did, they would not live to tell the tale. The pack of Dead Individuals might be... dispersed (to say the least), but it was highly unlikely that Bilbo had found the last set of Trolls in Middle-earth all those years ago, and Death By Troll Jumping On You might still be a punishment for the future. Or one could marry such a traitor off to an Ent. Hah! That might be funny. If one were not forced to watch the consummation of the marriage. And if the grave crime committed by the groom (the non-Ent, that was) had not been to sleep with Legolas. But then the whole marriage thing would be quite unnecessary, he reckoned. Then again, if Legolas had the sense to stay always in their bedchamber or tied to his arm (Aragorn's), none of this would ever have to be considered. Thranduil had been on to something when he built his caves. Perhaps Aragorn should have married him instead. Here his train of thought was interrupted for the door clicked and Legolas himself appeared in the doorway. He looked windblown, but attractively so – as if additional air only brought some more colour to his cheeks and made his eyes glisten with even more light. Aragorn glared at him. It was so unfair. However, Legolas took little notice. He only leaned against the door frame and looked elegant. When Aragorn leaned against a door frame he looked like he was about to tumble over. "Elessar..." Somewhere in that smooth voice lay a promise. Aragorn's mood improved slightly. "Yeah?" he grunted. And then, because he could not stop himself (and because he has apparently learnt absolutely nothing since the events during the time of the Fellowship), he muttered, "I should have married your father." This shut Legolas up. Or would have, if he had been speaking. Therefore, it was a shame of some sorts that Aragorn had wasted such words on him now that he was silent. The next time, the same announcement would hardly cause the same stir. Not that Legolas was stirring. Nothing about him stirred. Not even certain body parts which Aragorn liked to have stirring around him. ( Oh, the glory of the stirring! Like the dancing of a... herring... To you I come, oh, in the night, but with the fire light...ed so you I will not fright... when I... come... He had been working on this poem for a while now but in between all the nobles – not like that! - had found little time to finish it.) "My father?" Legolas echoed him incredulously, which really was a victory in a way. He closed the door slowly behind him. "Why, in the name of Eru, would you want to marry my father?" "I do not want to marry your father!" protested Aragorn. He had met Thranduil only a handful of times and he was very... imposing. He and Legolas had a lot in common. "Only a moment ago it sounded to me as if you would have preferred that..." "I did not say I wanted to marry him!" Aragorn raked a hand through his hair. The keys in his pocket clattered gaily among themselves. Well nobody listened to them. "I said that I should have married him." "Mhm." There was something twitching in the corner of Legolas' mouth. "So... you met him long before you met me. Why did you not marry him years back?" If that was a smile, Aragorn would seriously consider hunting for Trolls on the morrow. In any case, this conversation was headed nowhere nice and sweet. Besides, it would have been impossible for him to marry Thranduil 'years back'. "I was courting Arwen," he said triumphantly. "Ah!" Legolas sauntered into the room, making for the bed and somehow slipping out of his tunic as he moved, without Aragorn really understanding how it happened. That was always unsettling. "In other words..." the Elf slid into a position on the bed, leaning back and supporting himself on his elbows, and with his long legs stretched out before him. His boots had vanished too. "If you had not been courting Arwen, you would have married my father. Not because you wanted to, but because you should have?" "No!" Aragorn flung his arms out in a big explanatory circle. Legolas did not look particularly enlightened. "Why would I have married your father?" Gods, Thranduil was old. Like really, really old. Even for Elves. That, too, was unsettling. Especially when you came to think about what he would have had time to experiment with in bed. (He must have had... So. Many. Lovers.) Aragorn shivered. Not out of pleasure. Not that he considered Thranduil to be ugly or anything. He was rather handsome, in a he-is-your-husband's-father sort of way. Legolas was saying something but this new image of Thranduil with all his lovers around was hard to get rid of. Lost in thought, Aragorn nodded to himself. "You are not unlike your father..." "Aragorn!" He looked up to see an expression of revulsion pass over Legolas' face and that magically threw him back into the moment. "No, I did not mean that!" His Elf snorted. "Are you happy, then, that you married me when you missed the opportunity to court my father? If we are so much alike it cannot make a great difference to you..." His eyes acquired a steely glint. "No!" (The word of the day.) "I never wanted your father! I wanted you!" "And now you want me no longer?" At least the beginnings of a smile were swept away. Sadly they were replaced by contempt. Never a nice development. "Of course I want you!" cried Aragorn. "Even after I had met you! And I had met your father... earlier..." he faltered slightly, "you know... afterwards." His words were greeted with silence. Legolas lay staring up at him unblinking. Aragorn grimaced awkwardly and tried a shrug. He was pretty sure it did not turn out very well. "You know..." he muttered. Suddenly there was a glimmer of concern in Legolas' lovely blue eyes. "Elessar–" "I love you!" Legolas closed his mouth. Then he opened it again. If he had been more fishlike, he would have looked like a fish. Now he mostly looked like a gorgeous Elf who opened and then closed his mouth. Aragorn grabbed the opportunity at once. Act on instinct!, that had been a vital part of his Ranger training. Combined with some stuff about knowing your enemy and analysing any traces and markings and whatever else provided, but he liked that bit about immediate action. Really, say that you were... close... with your Elf – then you would not want to waste time thinking and analysing, and analysing and thinking. No. Elves liked action. That was why Aragorn now grabbed. At the opportunity. If Legolas had been undressed, maybe he would have grabbed something else. And there might have been some stirring. Hopefully. Action and stirring usually went nicely together. In any case, he grabbed. "I just think your father has some good ideas on building." Legolas raised an eyebrow. "Well..." said Aragorn. Legolas raised both his eyebrows. (After he had lowered the first one... first.) Trying another shrug but not doing much better, Aragorn shuffled his feet for a bit. "Okay, I am lonely when you are out on your own." So he was needy. Legolas lifted his chin. Aragorn's shoulders sank almost through the floor. Distantly he thought that he himself would have been greatly