"This isn't necessary," I grumbled. "Bella, this isn't up for discussion" "They will probably kill me themselves out of boredom." I tried to convince him one last time. Edward looked at me in exasperation—I have to admit that wasn't a smart argument. But staying at his place with his siblings this weekend wasn't something I was looking out for. I knew it was dangerous for me to be alone. Victoria was still out there. Looking for me. I shuddered. Thinking back to that day in the meadow, when Laurent told me what she would do to me— "Bella you have it all wrong." Edward said, bringing my attention back to him. His eyes gazing deeply into mine—making me lose myself in them. They were dark brown, almost black. He hadn't hunted in a while, but it didn't make his eyes any less beautiful. His face was close to mine. He was all I could see. All I could think of. His scent was intoxicating, something I couldn't get enough of. "You promise not to give them a bad time?" He whispered, his words were coated in sweetness. "Hmm—hm." I answered, not really knowing what the question was exactly—I would give him anything right know without thinking twice about it. His face came closer. His eyes were still holding mine captive. His lips brushed mine softly. To soon the connection broke, but I wanted more. It felt like his lips coaxed mine to follow. So I did. A kiss like that should never end. Sadly it did after I felt cold hands on my face—they gently held it, while taking his lips away from mine. Edward looked at me in satisfaction. Only then I realized what he did. "You did that on purpose!" I accused, while still shaking of the dizzy spell. "Did what on purpose?" I could hear the amusement in his voice. "You—you kissed me—" "I'm sorry love, I won't kiss you again, if that makes you happy." He said, trying to sound innocent. "No! That is not what I meant," I moaned. I sighed. "You dazzled me into agreeing with you" He stroked my cheek. Tilting my chin up so I was looking at him again. His icy breath fanned over my face. The frustration ebbed away and I began to feel weightless again. He was like my drug, taking me somewhere high. Floating in my own shoes, feeling weightless and spaced out. There was nothing I could think of in these moments except him. The hard slam of the front door shook me out of it. He looked away from me annoyed—probably because the noise snapped me out of his bewitchment. "You play dirty," I said while stepping away from him. "And I almost got away with it." He murmured absently. I turned away from him frustrated—mainly with myself for falling twice for his dazzling vampire-self. Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me. I started packing again, after all I was still going to his house for the weekend. Unfortunately he had to hunt and normally Alice would stay, but this time she went to. So did Esme and Carlisle. That left me alone with Emmett, Rosalie and Jasper. It's not that I didn't like them. They were great, but I'm sure they had better things to do than watch a human. I already how it was going to be this weekend. Emmet will tease me a lot, being as clumsy and falling over air was apparently very amusing. Rosalie was nicer after the incident in Italy—she didn't shoot daggers at me anymore with her eyes, but a friendly conversation was something I shouldn't count on yet. She tolerated me and that went as far as staying, after I entered the same room she was in. Lastly there was Jasper. I have never even spoken to him without someone else in the room. Of course this was because of safety reasons, but it didn't really made me feel better about it. It made me think that he didn't like me, nor accepted me. I knew that wasn't true—Edward often told me that Jasper did like me—and I told myself that every time he left the room when I entered it. Cold arms wrapped around me and pulled me against his chest. "Please don't be mad at me," he whispered in my ear. I relaxed against him, letting him know I already forgave him. "I just want you to be safe," he went on. "They will be on their best behavior, I promise. Emmett is actually really eager to spent time with you." He chuckled. "He just wants to see me being a klutz." "No, believe me. His exact words were: "I finally get to spent time with my future sister without your boring self being there!" He imitated Emmett's low voice. I giggled. That did sound like Emmett. "What about Jasper and Rosalie?" I asked, he couldn't convince me that those two wanted to spent time with me. Especially Rosalie. I think she would rather dye her hair purple, than play a game like monopoly with me. "You really don't see yourself clearly," he sighed. His breath felt cool in my hair and he inhaled my scent. I was still using my strawberry shampoo, because I knew it was his favorite. "Yeah… that must be it." I mockingly patted his chest. Before I knew it happened, I was spun around and laid down on my back, with him on top of me. His eyes were fixed on me like a predator would be on his prey. His hands pinning down my wrists, which resembled much like iron chains. His chest vibrated every time he made a soft growling noise. My heart was beating fast, but I knew he was only playing. "Want to repeat that?" He growled playfully. I giggled, when he bit my ear softly. "Maybe it's good that you're going hunting for three days," I said. "And why is that?" He was still holding up his facade but his voice sounded curious. "Well, you are often playful when you haven't hunted recently." I said shyly. "Maybe because you haven't let your predator side out in a while." I continued. He looked thoughtfully. "That is an interesting theory," he mumbled. "Can I continue packing my clothes now?" He just laughed. I struggled underneath him, trying to worm my way out of his grasp. It didn't really get me anywhere—he possessed more strength in his pinky than I had in my whole body. I quit trying to get out and just stared at him. "Having some trouble?" He looked amused. I stuck my tongue out. He let me up and sat down in my rocking chair. I finished packing my back. I made sure I had enough books with me and my homework. So I don't have to stare out the window out of boredom. "done," I murmured. Edward suddenly stood in front of me. "I have to go, Charlie is coming upstairs in a minute." He said, kissing my forehead. "Oh, alright. Will I see you tonight before you leave?" I asked. He nodded and kissed once more before flashing out of the window. The floorboards in front of my bedroom door creaked and Charlie stuck his head inside. "Hi, Bells. How was school?" boring. "It was great." I answered. I saw him looking at my back. "You already finished packing." Of course, Charlie was told that Alice was the one that I was having a sleep over with. He would not be okay with me sleeping with Edward. He still had not forgiven him for leaving me. But he slowly started to accept that he was a part of my life now. "Yes. Uhm dad? If you're hungry, I made some dinner." "Thanks Bells, but are you not hungry? Do you feel sick? You should stay home if you don't feel well" He said. Still not over it. "No I already ate, I was hungry." I said sheepishly "Oh, okay then." He backed off. "I'm just going to take a shower before I leave." I ended the conversation. "Sure... well I see you before you leave, right?" He asked and started walking down the stairs. "Of course, dad" I grabbed some towels and went into the bathroom. I stripped down and turned the shower on. The water made my muscles loose and I completely relaxed. It even made me forget that I was in for a dreadful long weekend. After showering I checked if I got any new emails from my mom. Then I tidied up my room, which wasn't messy at all. Well that was everything I could do to procrastinate going to the Cullens. I grabbed my bag and put on my jacket. Before slamming the door shut I yelled "Bye" to Charlie. I pulled on my hood, because it was slightly drizzling outside and made my way to my truck. The path to their house was easier to find each time I went there. I parked my car next to the house and got out. I skipped up the steps in front of the house and opened the door. I imagine them being vampires doesn't make them afraid of robbers getting in their house without them knowing. I was still amazed with how big and open their house was. So many walls where completely made of glass. And all the furniture was stark and fitting with the walls and paintings. The Cullens are very modern vampires. They all loved the newest technology. Emmett had thousand games, but looked all the same to me. They all involved violence. Jasper loved his new laptop, which he got for his birthday from Alice. And Edward had an endless choice of songs on his iPod. I walked into the living room and saw Alice and Jasper being very… intimate. Alice sat on Jasper's lap, they weren't kissing, but they might as well have been. The staring into each other's eyes was just as intimate. "Oh… Uhm, hi guys." I stammered. Alice looked away from Jasper and shot me a grin. "Hi, Bella! Sorry I didn't hear you coming. Normally you trip over something to make yourself known." She giggled a little. "I've been practicing my walking for eighteen years now, I'm glad it finally paid off." I joked. "That's great! Maybe you can try something different than sneakers next time." She said with an mischievous smile. Oh no. I could already see a plan forming in her head for the next time she could take me shopping. The last time was only two weeks ago. "Alice, we went shopping two weeks ago! There is no way I can even wear all the clothes you keep buying for me, if you continue to shop every week." I protested. "Bella, you can never have enough clothes," she said with a serious face. I sighed. Behind Alice stood a very amused Jasper. Certainly he found Alice being persistent very endearing. I shot him an annoyed look. He never even attempts to help me from being Barbie Bella and he was the only one who could distract her. The only one who stood on my side was Esme, sometimes she sees me being tortured and asks if I want anything to eat. I always nod eagerly even though I am not hungry. Anything to escape Alice clutches. "Hi Bella," he said cheerfully and ignored my annoyed look completely. I felt my mood switch quickly from irritated to joyous. He was changing my emotions. I always wonder why he does that. Was it for my benefit or his? Maybe if I get a chance to talk to him alone this weekend I'll ask him. "Hi, do you know where Edward is?" "He is upstairs." He answered. "Ok, I'll see you guys in a bit," I said and turned around. Before I could set two steps forward I was blocked by something. Alice. She had moved too