Chapter 1- Bella's POV It had been almost 8 years since I had been in a serious relationship. This was not by choice but for some reason I could not find the right person. I thought I had found the right person and I turned out to be wrong. I turned out to be very wrong. My best friend Alice Cullen has been my best friend for a very long time. We went to high school and college together. She was my roommate in college and she is the ying to my yang. To quote Forrest Gump (our favorite movie) "we go together like peas and carrots, like peanut butter and jelly". Alice has stood by my side through everything I have ever been through. We have been there for each other. Along with Alice is my other best friend Jasmine. Jasmine is Alice's wife. They met in college and fell in love. Where Alice is hyper and dramatic, Jasmine is calm and a voice of reason. They are my very best friends and just want me to be happy in life. I am happy, I am just lonely in life. I have them but I am alone. August 2015 Summer is one of the most miserable times of the year. I hate being hot and I hate dealing with the heat. Lucky for me Alice and Jasmine have a swimming pool I can lounge around in when I am not working. "Bella, Come on… You have to look at this website I just found for you", Alice shouted at me from the deck near the pool. Jasmine just shook her head. "Just go look at it, she won't stop until you do and you know that", Jasmine told me as we floated by each other in the pool. "Im coming, give me a minute" I told her. I got out of the pool and wrapped a towel around myself before walking over to her. I peeked over her shoulder and wanted to slap her for what I saw. Seeking Single- Never Married- men and women between the ages of 25 and 35 for Social Experiment and new TV Series "What makes you think I would be interested in this type of thing?" I ask her with irritation laced in my voice. My guess is I was showing irritation as well because Jasmine got out of the pool and walked over to us. "Ali, What the hell are you doing? Are you trying to get Bella killed or something?" She asked Alice. "No, Just look at the rest of the page, Please. I am just curious and think this would be good for her." Alice responded, sounding somewhat sheepish. Bad luck in Love? Never finding the right person? Let our experts with doctorate degrees in Psychology, Sociology and Spirituality help find the right match for you. If the experts feel you are the right match for someone, and you agree to the experiment, you could find the love of your life. Individuals matched based on interviews, questionnaires, beliefs and many other factors. You have the final say. If matched you and your match with enter into a legally binding marriage, where the only way out is divorce, without ever meeting one another. You will honeymoon and move in together. The experiment will pay for the wedding and honeymoon as well as a stipend for living expenses. After six months you will be given the opportunity to decide to stay married or walk away and divorce. After reading about the show, I was intrigued. But I was not sold. Alice got a bottle of wine and we talked about it. I don't know if it was a drunk decision or if I really knew what I was doing but I allowed Alice and Jasmine to write to the "experts" for the show and submit a photo and biography for me. TWO WEEKS LATER I had just gotten into my car after a particularly hard day at work. I was a social worker for the state of Massachusetts and my work was anything but easy. My cell started to ding. I picked it up and looked at the caller ID. It was not a number I recognized. I had to answer in case it was work related. "Hello, This is Isabella Swan", I said with a professional tone and demeanor. "Hi, Isabella, My name is Dr. Joanne Felton, I am calling because you submitted a bio and photo to our website for the social experiment. I wanted to speak with you for a few minutes if you have the time" The person on the other end of the phone said. "Sure, I have a few minutes. Can you do me a favor first though? Can you please tell me more about this experiment and show as a result of the experiment?" I asked "Absolutely, I would be worried if you hadn't asked me about that. While a few of my colleagues and I were in school obtaining our PH. D.'s and Psy D.'s we wanted to know why arranged marriages used to work out so well. We questioned if we had the right criteria for two people could they make an arranged marriage work today. Would people be willing to take the chance? Based on this we succeeded in getting funding for research but the only condition was that we record it all and air the experiment on TV regardless of the results. That is where we are right now. That is why I am calling you." Dr. Felton told me. "Ok, so lets say I am interested in doing this and taking the next step. What do you need to know" I told her. "Great, I just wanted to get to know you a little better…." Two hours later I was pulling into Alice and Jasmine's driveway with a confused look on my face. Or at least I would imagine that it would be confused. I sat there for a minute before getting out. As I walked up to the door I got excited. "Ali, Jasmine, I am here" I told them holding a bottle of wine I picked up at the store. They came out of the bedroom looking disheveled and smiling. I laughed and wanted that for myself. After we sat down on the deck I told them about the call and why I was excited. I was going to Boston tomorrow to meet with the other experts. They were interested in me. September 2015 Two weeks had passed since I met with the experts for the experiment. They asked me a million questions and I really had to dig deep to answer honestly. I don't know when I started to really want to be matched. I think I really just longed for love and what everyone around me seemed to be able to find without trying. I hoped that they would pick me and I had the chance to do this. Work kept me busy as there was always cases and kids that needed my help. I worked for an agency that not only placed foster kids with families but also helped to facilitate adoption. My work was rewarding but tiring. I longed for someone to come home to so that I could share my day with them. **RING*** As I looked at the caller ID I recognized the area code from when Dr. Felton contacted me the first time. "Hello" I answered "Hi, Bella, this is Dr's Felton and Graves, How Are You?" They answered back "I am well, how are you?" I said just to be nice. "We are doing really well. We were just calling to let you know that we have matched you with someone and you are going to be getting married in just 14 days." They told me with an excited tone to their voices. "What, that soon?" I said shocked. "Well yes, we want to get moving right away and don't want either of you to over think it." "Wow, Great, What is his name" I asked them. "Sorry, not going to tell you that much, you will have to wait until you see him at the Alter. A wedding planner will be in touch with each of you separately to work out the details but you are set to get married in 14 days. You both have the same thoughts for location so the planner will let you know the details." They told me. I couldn't wipe the smile from my face. Now I just had to tell everyone important. "Ok, I look forward to it. I am going to go let my best friends know so we can go shopping for a dress" I told them. And we said our goodbyes and hung up. I immediately called Alice. "Dude, Guess what?" I asked but didn't give her a chance to answer. "I am getting married in two weeks. They found me a match and I am going to be getting married. Can you believe that?" I told her. The squeals of delight were probably heard miles away. Before I knew it I was pulling into Ali's driveway, ready to celebrate with Wine and music. The next morning, I was awoken by the sound of my phone going off next to my ear. Why did I decide to drink that whole bottle of wine last night? Oh yeah.. I am getting married. Oh my god, I am getting Married in two weeks. Oh my god. Argh, what is that sound. Right my phone. "Hello" I answered "Hello, is this Isabella Swan?" She asked "Yes" I responded. "Great, My name is Rosalie Hale I am a wedding coordinator/planner and I have been hired to make sure all you wishes are seen to." "Awesome, Where do we start?" I asked her. "we start with you telling me what you are thinking about for a dream wedding" Rosalie responded. "Well I never really thought about it, I want something simple, low key and real. I don't want it to be over the top. I prefer it to be intimate and romantic." I told her. " Wow, I guess you guys really are meant to be, your groom said the same thing. And I have the perfect idea. I know of a beautiful farm that hosts weddings. It has a finished barn style building with beautiful hardwood floors. Twinkling lights in the rafters and it will meet all those desires. Do you trust me?" Rosalie said. "Sure, you know what I want so go for it. Is it ok to make an appointment for my dress selection?" I asked her "Of course, sweetie, I have already e-mailed you a list of bridal boutiques next to you." She said. By the end of the conversation my head was spinning. We discussed flowers and colors and invitations to be hand delivered. We each had our own invitations and Rosalie had agreed that 3 bride's maids were a good number for a small intimate wedding. At 11AM, I pulled into Ali and Jasmine's driveway to pick them up for dress shopping. I had made an appointment at one of the bridal boutiques and we would shop for me and their dresses today. I was also having my friend Angela meet me there as she would be out 3 bridesmaids. Ali was beside herself and Jas tried to keep her calm but was not very successful. I was scared and excited all in one and I had no idea if it would work out or not but I was going to give it my all. "Welcome Ladies" the bridal attendant said. "You must be Bella." She said looking at me. "Yes." I responded "Great so do you know what you are looking for?" she asked. I explained my vision and she said to get myself comfortable while she went to pull some options. After about 10 minutes she came back and led us to a dressing area with