*Submission for the Fandom For Leukemia Compilation Embry I finished stocking the shelves of the La Push grocery store. If you could even call it that. It was more like a very mini-market. But it was a job and the cash helped. I waited desperately for the day when I had enough money to travel anywhere but Washington State. The reservation would always mean something to me, but it was stifling. Everyone was always in your business. My mother was one of the worst, though to some extent I understood why. She still didn't know of my being a wolf and part of the pack. Every morning after I had to patrol, I'd have to sit and listen to her scream at me. I'd been grounded more times than I could count. "Shift's up, kid," I heard my boss call from the front of the store. "You can get out of here now." Leon was a bit of a hard ass, but he wasn't a bad guy. I finished stacking the rest of the boxes that still needed to be unpacked. I hung up the apron I had to wear and headed toward the front door. "There's still a couple boxes to be unloaded," I told him on my way out. He waved me off. "Yeah, okay. See you tomorrow." I walked back down the path that bordered the forest toward my house. The rain was getting heavier, so I started jogging. When my home came into view, I heaved a sigh. Relief? Regret? Who knew? It was a small brick house, simple and plain with white shutters. The inside was in need of serious repairs; dingy and worn were the words for pretty much everything inside. I tried to help my mom out by doing the repairs that I could, but I was limited in what I actually could do. She was still at work, so I dug out a couple chicken cordon bleu and stuck them in the oven to bake. While she was gone, I managed to gather a load of laundry and get it in the washer, clean up the dishes from that morning, and get the table set for her. I finished my own dinner just as she came in the door. Her eyes were bloodshot, she was obviously tired, but she gave me a wan smile. "Thanks, Embry." Doing these little things always made me wish it made up for disappearing overnight and not wanting to burden her with my secret. Yet I always disappointed her in the end because I didn't want her to know. On patrol that night, I was pacing around a bush, wondering if I smelled a vampire. My sense of smell was so strong, but for some reason I felt off that night. A soft lilac scent kept pervading my senses, distracting and tantalizing me. No flower had ever tempted me before like this, so I was confused. What did I smell and why was it turning my senses upside down? I paced and pawed at the ground and ignored Jared's continued what the fuck, man in my head. I didn't know what the fuck. Tossing my head, I strode away from the bush and tried to evade that scent. This hadn't happened before. Suddenly, I saw a gray blur shoot from my left and dart into my line of vision. It was Leah, and a warm feeling uncurled in my stomach. I felt settled, at peace, and the scent was more natural. Her head jerked to the side, her narrowed black eyes trained on me. We stared at each other, not understanding for a moment, and then it hit me like a ton of bricks. I imprinted on her. On Leah Clearwater. Fast as lightning, I phased back to my human form, hoping she would do the same. This did not need to be spread to Jared or anyone else who might be phasing for the next shift just yet. She did the same and we yanked our clothes on. Leah stared at me, forehead knit in confusion. "Embry?" she questioned, her eyes hard. They softened when she looked into mine. "Shit," I breathed. Every fiber of my being was content, warm, and… happy . "How? And why now? I've seen you a million times before." She moved closer to me, bodies like magnets, and we were drawn to each other without even realizing it fully. Leah, the woman who was always such a ball-busting, hard-ass, pain in the ass, reached her hand out and laid it flat on my chest. The warmth intensified and before we could stop ourselves, our lips touched. A fire had ignited my mind, my heart, my limbs, and my groin. I wanted her more than life itself as our tongues touched and fought to gain the upper hand. The kiss blew my mind; all heat, explosions, fire, and heaven rolled into one. She bit my lower lip, pulling on it, before releasing it and moving back. The death grip she had on my arms matched the grip I had on her ass. "What the ever-loving fuck is going on?" she gasped. "Let's go, uh, home," I stammered, "and try to think this through. Imprinting never made any fucking sense, Leah, why should it now? Maybe there was some kind of trigger that made us imprint. I never smelled lilacs like this before tonight. That could have something to do with it." She frowned, pacing from tree to tree, and said, "I smelled vanilla spice and cinnamon tonight right before we came into contact. I think you're right; we should probably see what we can find out first." I didn't want to leave her, and I could see the struggle on her face. Her blunt hair swung out as she spun around to head home. God, she was incredibly beautiful. I'd never really noticed before. It was late, and I stared at the darkened windows of my house, though a small light glowed in my mother's room. Gritting my teeth, I pushed the door open carefully and tried to get to my room as fast and quietly as possible. My mom pushed the door open and stared at me. "Where were you?" she asked. I could see the flash of frustration on her face. God knew what she thought I actually did. "I… was out with friends," I said hesitantly. "Embry Call, it's nearly two o' clock in the morning! There is no reason a sixteen year old boy should be out that late. I appreciate the help around the house, but this doesn't excuse you from gallivanting around at all hours!" "Mom," I started to say, wearily, but she cut me off. "Don't give me that woe-is-me look. Those other boys are not a good influence on you. You're grounded for the weekend, you understand me?" Her voice was screechy in her frustration. It was nothing new, so I merely nodded and shut myself in my room. Flipping idly through a magazine, restless and impatient, I waited until I heard the even breathing that indicated my mom was asleep. I slid the window up and eased outside. It was nearly time for Quil and Jake to go on the last patrol, so I waited impatiently until they showed up. "Dude, what's up with you?" Jake asked immediately. He was eyeing me closely. Jake had that uncanny ability of knowing something was going on even if we tried to hide it. I always figured it had to do with the fact that he was the true Alpha. "I…" my voice faltered, but the happiness warming me from the inside calmed me down. "I imprinted on Leah." They both stared at me, jaws slack, and none of us spoke a word for a few moments. Finally, Quil coughed out a surprised laugh. "Wow, Leah? I mean, you guys have seen each other a bunch of times, so how?" I shrugged as I fell in step with them. "I don't know," I admitted. "Both of our senses of smell were kind of off-kilter. I smelled lilacs and she smelled vanilla spice and cinnamon and then we both felt it; that shift. I'm kind of freaked out about it, especially telling Sam, but I can't help wanting to be with her and feeling happy about it." Jake looked concerned, and I felt a little guilty. He'd loved Bella for so long and while he absolutely hated imprinting, he couldn't seem to help wanting that connection to her. We'd finally chased off the Cullens, but she was still trying to adjust to the loss. "Look, we need to patrol," he finally said. "But don't worry; we'll be with you when Sam finds out." Quil smacked my back. "Yeah, we got your back, buddy." It was an unspoken truth that I was more uncomfortable around Sam now because of the situation with us quite possibly being related. The thought made me twitchy, knowing my mother could have been impregnated with me by Sam's deadbeat father. One of these days, I figured I might work up the courage to ask her, but she was adamant about not talking about my supposed dad. Or maybe I could do some digging and find out that way. The next couple of days I spent with Leah in secret, avoiding Sam, and trying to gather more information about imprinting. There really wasn't much of anything, though when I spoke with Billy and Old Quil in private about it, they both said that the mechanics of imprinting could change over the course of time and packs. There was no reason it had to be upon first sight anymore because times changed. So, while Leah always drove me nuts before with torturous thoughts about my parentage in front of everyone, I could now barely keep my hands off of her. We were sprawled on the cliff rocks, overlooking a gray, choppy ocean and all I could do was obsess over how soft her skin was. I slid my finger down her sweat-dampened chest and solid abs. I never thought solid abs on a woman would be so hot, but it totally was. Fascinated by how the muscles quivered when I did that, I licked a droplet of sweat off of her. She patted my bare ass and said, "For a first-timer, you did well, Embry." Just her hand on my ass had my dick shooting straight back up again. She gave a muffled snort. I eyeballed her, pretending to be annoyed. "What? I have fantastic recuperative powers. You should know that." She grinned. "Well then, big boy, let's have another go." When her slim – but scary strong – thighs tightened around my hips and she hovered over me, I figured I really had gone to Heaven. Her perfect breasts swayed above me, and I thought I might explode with sexual need. She apparently liked to tease, too, because when her hands – and then her mouth – brushed over me, I nearly rolled and fell off the cliffs. She snickered and proceeded to drive me insane with her absurdly clever tongue…and then impale herself on me. I just held onto her hips and drove myself forward, trying to hold on and keep up. Afterward, we lay in a sweaty tangle, much like the first time. "Even better," she purred, patting my head. I nipped her shoulder. "What am I, your puppy?" She proceeded to woof into my shoulder, making us both laugh. That evening, I knew I had to tell Sam. If he didn't already hear something, he'd probably smell our scents lingering on each other and we all had to meet tonight, so it was unavoidable. "Dude, you had sex! I can't believe it!" Quil exclaimed yet again. I knew I'd never be able to hide it from him and Jake. "Dude, give it a rest," I said, but I couldn't help laughing. "It's not like I was doomed to never have sex.