Author: Exquisitelyugly Pairing: Jake/Bella Rating: M – some language, mild sex scene Genre: Romance/Humor *Banner made by the oh-so-talented Mist One-shot is for my TR bidder in the Silent Auction - LadyofSpain. Thanks for the fun prompt, hun. I hope you enjoy it. :o) I finished brushing my hair – exactly one hundred strokes – and smiled into the mirror, pleased with the result. The chestnut waves were smooth and loose, just the way Jake liked it. Or I figured that was the way he liked it anyway. It was only going to be our second date, but he seemed into it the first time. I just wanted him to be happy, considering everything we'd been through together. It was still hard to believe he forgave me for the whole Edward fiasco. "Bells? Honey, Jake's here," my dad called up the steps. My stomach did a slow roll, and I smoothed down the pale blue, sleeveless blouse and cream skirt. My feet practically skimmed the steps, and I grabbed the rail as I nearly went face-first down the last few. Jake was standing in the doorway, watching me, and I glared at him when he tried to muffle a laugh. "You should've been a ballerina," he said. "You have so much grace and poise. Like a swan." He gave me a deadpan look, and I just raised an eyebrow at him and placed a hand on my hip determined to hold back a giggle. My dad rolled his eyes heartily at the pun. Jake laughed, hooking an arm around my waist. "Come on, my little swan; let's go get something to eat." In his trusty Rabbit, Jake drove with one-handed ease, listening to an ancient cassette tape that skipped more than it played. "So, where are we going?" I asked curiously. He wrapped his free hand around mine and said, "There's a really nice café by the water that has good steak and fish. Does that sound good?" He seemed uncertain, and I smiled a little. It was sweet that he was going to so much trouble for these dates and was so concerned if I'd like what he chose. "Of course it does. I haven't had lobster and caviar in forever!" I saw his perfect complexion go slightly pale and I couldn't help giggling. "I'm kidding, Jake. And really, don't feel like you have to foot the bill. The guy paying is so old-fashioned," I teased. He smirked. "Okay, sure. You can pay then, and I'll order the lobster." The teasing was finally feeling natural between us again. I'd forgotten how much I'd enjoyed spending time with Jake, and Edward had kept me from that. My first love, or rather my first pseudo-love relationship, really opened my eyes to what I'd been missing. I'd hurt Jake who had actually loved me for me, and I'd spent way too much time and effort on someone who didn't deserve my affection. When I'd finally ended things with Edward, I'd been afraid to call Jake. We'd seen each other, but not often, and he'd become so aloof. Jake had always been warm, funny, and loving and that side of him struck something deep within me. I sucked it up and developed a set of balls as Jake liked to joke and we'd tried to patch up the relationship we had before. I'd believed then I wasn't in love with him. He was my best friend, but love had gotten between us and messed things up. Now I'd begun to realize that I did indeed love him – had already been in love with him – but kept denying it to myself because I didn't want our friendship ruined. I was seeing him differently now. His skin was perfect and touchable, his hair was soft as silk, and he was tall and strong with muscles that still boggled my mind. I had no idea how he'd gotten so damn big, brawny, and… gorgeous. Jake tapped lightly on my temple. "Knock, knock. Is anyone in there?" He grinned when I jerked toward him, startled. My cheeks burned at my thoughts, and I grinned weakly. "Sorry, just spaced out for a minute there." "Yeah, I make girls do that a lot. I'm too hot for my own good," he said, and laughed when I groaned. We both ordered shrimp skewers for dinner and sat on the dock by the water. The little sploosh of the waves was soothing. The clouds were beginning to thicken, trying to hide the sun, but for the time being it was still comfortable outside. After dinner, we each ordered a piece of cake for dessert. "I'm stuffed," I said, leaning back in my chair. Jake practically shoved the entire slice in his mouth and I snickered. "You're a bottomless pit. And you probably have a hollow leg, too." He grinned, leaned in, and gave me a quick kiss. It took me by surprise, but I could feel my lips tingle at the touch. "You taste like cake," was the only thing I could think of to say. He laughed, his shoulder bouncing against mine as he gave me a squeeze. After we settled the check, we strolled along the water. The clouds broke just enough to give us a glimpse of a pale golden sunset. Streaks zigzagged across the sky like a painter's brush was responsible. "It took me a long time to get here," I admitted. He knew exactly what I was talking about. "It really did." Jake looked curiously at me. I added, "I'm glad I did." He was about to respond, but the clouds came back and we felt the first drops of rain being unleashed. His fingers wrapped around mine and we dashed back to the car just as the sky opened up and soaked us. Laughing, he shook the rain from his hair like a dog. I probably looked like a drowned rat as my fresh and wavy hair now hung in clumpy locks around my face. His hand remained really close to my leg on the drive back, only moving to shift gears. My leg felt warm just from the closeness of it. The rain glittered on the windshield and the rhythmic thump of the wipers was soothing as we both sat there debating the next step. I wanted him to kiss me, but I wasn't very good at making the first move. Maybe I could do it, though. I turned hesitantly toward him. He was right there and we bumped noses, making me snicker nervously. His mouth touched mine then, and I no longer had the urge to laugh. The times I'd kissed Edward had been so different from this. They'd been dry, never with much movement, and nearly chaste. It made me wonder what the hell I'd been thinking. This kiss was really warm, wet, and his mouth kept changing positions. It made the kiss deeper, and his tongue was very, uh, active. When he pulled back, my heart was beating faster, and my lips were tingling. My face also felt like I'd stuck my head in an oven. "Um, thanks," I said and wanted to kick myself yet again. Who the hell said thanks after a guy kissed you? "You're welcome," Jake said, trying gallantly not to laugh at me. I beat a hasty retreat, hurrying inside to avoid any more embarrassment. I picked up my worn copy of Jane Eyre and flopped back onto my bed. I stared at the page, but my mind kept going back to the date. Even if I was sort of dorky, it had seemed to go well. I looked forward to another one, with another one of those kisses. I drifted off to sleep with a half-smile on my face. The last thing I thought of was the heat of Jake's lips against mine. A couple days later, I finished my shift at the diner, having delivered my last cheeseburger. My fingers were greasy and I felt like I'd been dipped in the fryer myself. Then Jake's two best friends, Quil and Embry, strolled in. "Hey Bella," Embry said giving me a friendly smile. "Cheeseburger?" Quil asked hopefully. I shook my head. "No can do. I'm done." "Pleeeeeeeeease?" he wheedled. He widened his big brown eyes and batted long eyelashes at me. I rolled my eyes, but showed them to a table. I took their orders of two cheeseburgers each, fries, chocolate shake, and a piece of apple pie. "Good Lord," I muttered. "Where do you fit it all?" "It goes right to my butt," Quil said in a falsetto. "I just can't stop, though!" Embry laughed, high-fiving him, and I shook my head and placed their order. I untied my apron, pushing the hair off my face, forgetting my hand was all greasy, and then cringed. I had to ask them about Jake, or at least hint about him. I hadn't heard from him since our date two nights before. "Well, I'm heading out," I said as I plopped the plates in front of them. "You can tip Maria. She'll bring your pie and check on you when you're done." "Fanks, Bewa," Quil said, his cheeks puffed out with his first bite. Only half the cheeseburger remained. I shook my head in disbelief. "So, uh, what are you guys doing, um, tonight?" Wow, that was subtle. Embry grinned. "Do you mean where's Jake?" I coughed, shifted my feet, and felt like a hot, greasy idiot. Embry snickered and said, "I think he was going to call you tonight." "Thanks," I murmured, in a hurry to get out of there. Once I got home, my cell buzzed and I glanced down. Jake. My heart gave a quick thump. Hey Bells, sorry, been busy. Want to do tide pools and picnic tomorrow? I smiled and texted back. Sure, meet you there at noon. I'll get the food. The next day I made some potato salad and picked up some of Emily's fried chicken. Her little café on the border of Forks and La Push was always hopping. I packed it all in a basket and parked in the lot by First Beach. I walked through the sand, watching the gulls swoop for fish over the breaking waves. It was by far one of my favorite spots in Forks. I turned around when I heard footfalls and Jake was walking toward me. "Hey," I said, feeling warmth start from inside and spread outward. A silly grin crossed my face. All I could think about was that kiss. Jake gave me the barest hint of a smile and a grunt. He turned toward the opening in the woods that led back to the tide pools. Confused, I stared after him. That was kind of, well, rude. I trailed after him, wondering if I'd done something. Maybe he was still upset with the whole Edward fiasco. It seemed like he was becoming fine with it as we got closer, but he had been pretty upset. He sat on the log and I knelt down to unpack the food. He seemed distracted, so when I laid the spread on the blanket, I said, "Jake, you okay? You seem a little distracted." He gave me a smile and really looked at me. "Sorry, it was just kind of a bad morning. Chicken looks good," he added and started eating. I shrugged it off and began eating, too. We talked about a touch football game that he was going to play in the afternoon with the guys. What we talked about was perfectly normal, but I couldn't put my finger on it. There was something off about him, his demeanor, and even his smell. We were walking on the beach for a while, watching the storm clouds roll back in. The Jake I knew would turn his face to the rain, letting the drops slide off his face, and relish in the simple act of enjoying nature. When it did begin