Title: Firelight Rated: M Warnings: Sexual situations though not overly graphics and some language Beta: MeraNaamJoker *Entry in the Fandom 4 Animals compilation. Jake kept sneaking back to spy on her. She would stand on the porch in that skimpy blue bikini and wait for her friends to pick her up. Other times she'd be laying out in the front yard on a chaise lounge in another skimpy bikini. The blue one had become his favorite. But the day she was drinking water, he stopped and stared at her in mesmerized fascination. The way her throat shifted as she swallowed and the little water droplet that slid down her chest between her perfect boobs had him salivating. It was the worst - and best - crush he ever had. Bella Swan was the daughter of the chief of police and he'd be risking life and limb, but he couldn't resist watching her every chance he got. She was a bit of a wild child, which probably didn't help matters. He couldn't stop, though, and he'd even taken to going by her house on his way back to the reservation in the evenings. Her bedroom window was at the side of the house by a large and climbable tree. The window was often open, music spilling out, and he had caught sight of her changing a couple times. He felt guilty in those cases and made himself pull away before he really stepped in it. He'd seen her bare back, though, as she reached behind to unsnap her bra. He'd spent a lot of time alone in his room after that. That one fateful day, she looked up at him and winked. Jake nearly passed out; she'd really looked at him. He rode high on cloud nine that day. It was in the evening when he saw her again. The bonfire was big and bright that night and drew some of the kids from Forks High down to First Beach. They often didn't mingle together, not really knowing each other, but it was nice to meet some other kids around his age. He watched as they walked over to the bonfire and struck up a conversation with Sam and Paul. Everyone had to go through Sam and Paul first, but they all seemed to hit it off. Jake nearly swallowed his tongue when he saw Bella in that group. She was wearing low-cut jeans and a thin, gauzy white top that exposed her pale, flat stomach. And shit, he could see the lacy bra through that shirt. She was going to be the death of him. Jake took a deep breath, trying to work up the courage to go over to her. He couldn't seem to get his racing heart under control – much less his raging hard on – so he tried doing math problems in his head first. "What are you doing?" an amused female voice asked from behind, startling him. He turned around quickly, nearly toppling off the log he was perched on. Bella was standing behind him, one eyebrow cocked as she watched him with an amused expression. He opened his mouth to say something, but nothing came out. Say something, you idiot! "I was, uh, thinking about…food." It was the only thing that came to mind and he immediately felt stupid when she laughed. "I've seen you watching me," she said, surprising him as she stared at him curiously. "I, uh, well…" She gave him a sly look. "I kind of like it. You want to hang out and have some fun tomorrow night?" she asked. Jake nearly swallowed his tongue before he managed a yes. With that, she gave him a nod, told him to pick her up at seven, and left without another word to go sit with her friends. Jake wandered around the fire, talking to his own friends, eating, but his mind was entirely preoccupied. What did she mean have fun? Were they going to go to a movie? Walk on the beach? Have sex? Okay, that last one was probably wishful thinking, but he was a teenage guy after all. One could hope. He didn't tell anyone except Quil and Embry that he was going out with Bella Swan the next night. "Dude!" Quil exclaimed. "She's the police chief's daughter. Watch yourself. She's pretty wild, too, from what I hear. Lucky bastard." Jake shrugged, biting off half of his hot dog in one bite. "I'm not scared of Chief Swan." He kind of was, but he wasn't going to admit that. Embry shook his head and dug out another fistful of chips. "Bella Swan. Man, she's hot. I'd risk it with her father to get a piece of that action." Jake laughed, definitely wanting a piece of that action, but again not willing to admit he liked more than that about her. She had a vulnerable side, too, from what he could see. It was pretty well-hidden, but he was good at reading people. The next night, Jake dressed in worn jeans and a faded black t-shirt. It was weird wearing a shirt – he was so used to going without in the summer. Pacing nervously, he told his dad he was hanging out with a friend. He made it to Bella's house at five after seven, not wanting to look too eager. She was waiting for him on the front porch, perched on the top step, and his eyes nearly bugged out when she stood up. Impossibly short shorts, a low-cut royal blue tank top, and he was nearly a goner. She wasn't tall in the slightest, but those shorts made her perfect legs look endless as she hurried to his Rabbit. When she slid in, she gave him a look. "What? You couldn't get up and hold the door open for me like a gentleman?" He flushed, feeling like an idiot, but then realized she was laughing at him. "I'm kidding, Jacob." He smiled weakly, but bounced back with, "So, you do know my name even though we've never talked before last night." He cocked an eyebrow at her. She gave him a sly, sexy smile in return. "I make it a point to know the names of all the eligible young men in the area." Grinning, he followed her directions to the trail head that led to the cliffs. Surprised, he glanced over at her as she got out of the car – legs, legs, legs, holy shit – and said, "You want to go hiking? And when it's going to be dark in an hour?" "What, are you scared?" she teased. He smirked. "Nah, but I'm surprised you aren't. A big, bad wolf could be out there and you look pretty tasty." She leaned over to re-tie her shoe, flashing him a generous view of small, rounded tits, and his pecker swelled at the sight. And she was wearing no bra. He stifled a groan, and knew she was aware of what she was doing if her expression was anything to go by. He'd follow her anywhere. She was walking alongside him and after he managed to calm down – barely – he said, "So what are we doing?" "Oh, some friends and I managed to score some fireworks in Port Angeles. I know it's not close enough to the Fourth of July yet, but I really wanted to set some off over the cliffs." "Isn't that, uh, frowned upon? And possibly risky?" Jake asked. She giggled. "I think so, but it'll be fun. Plus, I wanted to take a dip in the falls. It's beautiful at night and quite a rush." It was a plan and he had no intention of complaining. It really did sound like fun. So, they continued to hike until they reached the cliffs. Bella knelt down and unloaded some large-sized fireworks from her pack that she'd slung over her shoulder. She passed them over to him and he examined them closely. He'd figured it out by the time she pulled out a pack of matches. "Okay, let's set them up here," Bella decided as she moved with confidence near the edge of the cliffs. Jake bit his lip nervously, but relaxed when she moved back to let him light them. She gave a cheer, and a bounce, which made her boobs sway under that tank top. He thought they were more impressive than the fireworks, but they did catch his attention eventually as a loud boom reverberated, echoing off the cliffs as showers of green, blue, and red highlighted the ocean. Laughing, Bella gave him a happy grin, and he returned it. They set off a few more until he could hear the faint sound of a police car entering the reservation. "It's my dad," she said, grinning wickedly. She grabbed her stuff, his hand, and they raced off deeper into the woods. After a bit, they slowed down and made their way to the falls. He'd been in the woods at night, just never to the falls. It really was pretty as the moon reflected off the water. When he turned to look at Bella, his mouth dropped open. She was stripping down to tiny bikini panties and no bra. The look was so brief before she dove into the water, he wasn't sure he saw them. Those two perfect, pale breasts with the dark pink nipples. Bella sent a splash his way. "Come on, Jake! It feels great." With a shrug, he stripped down to his boxer briefs and dove in after her. She gave a squeal when he splashed her in the process. Grinning, he swam around her, wanting another glimpse of her bare chest. She dove underwater, diving deep, and he couldn't find her until she gave a light tug on his ankle. Popping up, she grinned. "I'm on the swim team, Jacob. It won't be that easy." Shit. Apparently she read his mind, too. Oh well. "Yeah? Well, I may not be on a swim team, but I grew up in the ocean!" And he swam toward her, making her shriek, and she took off. They chased each other for awhile until they grew tired. The moon was bright, peeking through the thick clouds that had lingered all day. Jake found Bella floating right next to him, so he glanced over and saw her boobs just breaking through the water. God, they were beautiful. She was smiling slightly, but she rolled over so they were hidden again. When she moved closer to him, her hands lightly rested on his chest. His heart pounding in his chest, Jake took her hips in his hands and leaned down to kiss her. Her mouth was wet and slick and he loved it. Her tongue was in his mouth within seconds, and he gripped the back of her head as he took his turn in plunging his own tongue deep. She nipped his lip, he caught her tongue between his teeth, and they were both panting. Chest to chest. He could feel her hard nipples pressing against his chest, and his pecker was as hard as stone. When she pulled away, biting her lip coyly, Jake tried his best not to pass out. "We should get back," Bella said, her eyes locked on his. "I have to be home by eleven." So, she was a rule-breaker, but tried to be home by curfew? Well, she seemed to know how to dodge her father doing everything else and not get caught, so he figured that was why she kept curfew. It kept her from being grounded. He waited a few moments while she got out and dried off. Once she was dressed, Jake came out, too, though he still had a semi hard-on. They were both quiet on the way back down the trail until they reached the car. While he drove her home, she finally said, "Thanks. I had a lot of fun." He had, too. Jake was playing video