Title: A Matter of Trust Summary: How can she be expected to trust him when he's the one person she hates more than anyone else? Rating: M Spoilers/Warnings: Alcohol use. A/N: This was my entry for the Hunger Games Spring Fling over at AO3. My recipient was GoddessMaia (jgem98). The prompt used: "AU fic where Katniss and Peeta dislike each other, but are put into a situation where they are forced into time alone together, and their feelings for each other quickly change." Enjoy! "Whoever decided this was a good night for sister solidarity needs to be hit," Katniss mumbled, crossing her arms over her damp chest. At least she'd had the foresight to wear a bra under the white shirt with her sorority's letters hand-painted across the front in scarlet red. She would bet money the same couldn't be said for some of her other sisters. Her grey eyes turned a pointed look at her companion in line. "Or shot." Madge rolled her eyes and gave Katniss an amused look in return. "You know this has been coming for months." She shook her head, her already limp blonde curls sending droplets of water flying all around. "It's not like Glimmer knew what the weather was going to do back in May." Bringing her hand to her chest dramatically, Katniss' eyes grew as wide as a startled deer. "Rain in August, in the south?!" She dropped her jaw open in mock shock and brought the hand on her chest up to partially cover her mouth. "I just can't believe it!" "Stop it!" Madge giggled, shoving at Katniss' shoulder playfully. Katniss grinned back at her. "Glimmer is our new president. It's not nice to mock her." "I'll mock anyone who has me standing out in the rain, waiting in line to get into a bar." Katniss moved forward in the line, Madge stepping along beside her. Just a few more people, and they'd at least be out of the drizzle, under the covered porch entrance to Bullwinkle's. And then an ID check and a cover charge would be the only things between her and precious freedom. Freedom being all you can drink top-shelf booze until one in the morning. "Just think of it this way," Madge chirped playfully as they stepped up onto the covered wooden platform. "You'll be too drunk to care about the rain on the walk back to the house." Katniss smiled at her friend for saying exactly what she'd been thinking, as she tended to do on a regular basis. If anyone got Katniss Everdeen, it was her roommate, Madge Undersee. "ID please, Miss Everdeen," Brutus, the bouncer, questioned with what most would consider a serious tone. Katniss knew better than to take it as it sounded. "If you know my name," she started, pulling her license from the back pocket of her jeans. She held it out, but refused to let it go when he took a hold of it. "Why do you need my ID?" Brutus tugged a little harder, pulling it from her grasp. "Because I like my job." He examined the card briefly, then handed it back. "Nobody gets special treatment, not even you pretty little sorority girls." Katniss smiled prettily for him before stepping through the doorway into the bar. She exchanged her ID for a folded ten dollar bill from her back pocket, handing it off to the guy seated at the wooden table by the door. After he had it stored in the register, he stamped her hand and handed her a clear plastic cup with a black marker slash across the side. While she waited for Madge to get stamped and grab her own cup, Katniss eyed the room around her. It wasn't very packed yet, but it was also a bit on the early side. In another hour, the place would be a sweaty, dancing pit of drunken college students. "Imagine how gross it's going to get in here when everyone starts grinding up on each other, all damp from the rain outside." Madge mused as she stepped up beside Katniss. "A lot worse than usual, I would expect." Katniss sighed, wrinkling her nose towards her friend before moving across the wooden floor. The bar that spanned the length of the room on her left side had plenty of openings to slip in and order a drink, but she didn't stop until she was near the sectioned off part of the bar in the back. It was where she got the best service - likely because the bartenders remembered her penchant to tip well when they treated her well. She stepped up on the round footrest running along the bottom of the bar, resting her elbows on top of the smooth surface. The bartender was busy serving a few other patrons, so Katniss turned her attention to Madge. "Who's coming tonight?" Madge had her cup hanging from her mouth. She flicked at it idly and shrugged. "You know, everyone," she said, talking around the plastic lodged between her teeth. When Katniss simply widened her eyes and shook her head, an indication for Madge to elaborate, she pulled the cup from her mouth with a sigh. "Alpha Chi, obviously. And you know..." Madge shrugged, looking desperately towards the bartender to see if he was going to get to them any time soon. Like immediately. "Others." Katniss stared at the back of Madge's head. "Others?" When Madge only made an approving sound and nodded, not turning back to look at her, Katniss realized why. "Oh no... no..." She stepped back from the bar and pointed angrily at her friend. "Madge!" Madge turned and gave her a wounded look. "It's not my fault they were invited!" She held up her hands. "You know how Glimmer has a thing for-" "Kappa fucking Sigma." Katniss muttered, turning away from Madge abruptly and letting out an aggravated growl. She turned back to find Madge giving her a look between sympathy and disbelief. "I don't understand why you hate those guys so much!" Madge whispered as Katniss took her spot against the bar once more, her arms flopping down dramatically. "You know most of our stuff is tied in with them because Glimmer has her eye on Cato." Katniss dropped her head, closing her eyes and pulling in a deep breath. "I know." She glanced up at Madge. "And I don't hate all of them. I'm cool with Finnick." "Which is shocking in and of itself, considering." Madge giggled. Cracking a smile, Katniss nodded. "Yeah..." Her smile turned into a small scowl. "But it's hard getting him away from that smarmy little shit-" "What're ya drinking?" The bartender had finally found his way over to them, reaching for their cups. Katniss smiled at him, partially glad for the interruption. "Captain and Coke, please." "Sex on the Beach," Madge ordered, rolling her eyes at the way Katniss hid a snort behind her hand. "What are you, twelve? There is nothing wrong with ordering Sex on the Beach." "I like the way this little lady thinks!" Large arms wrapped around Madge's waist, causing her to shriek playfully. She glanced over her shoulder to find Finnick Odair pressed against her back. "You know I'm all for a bit of sex on the beach myself." "Classy," Katniss nodded, winking at him before sucking down half of her drink as she turned away from the bar. If Finnick Odair had arrived, it meant that he wasn't far behind. "For you ladies, always!" Finnick pulled away from Madge to brush the bangs hanging in Katniss' eyes. She swatted at his hand, very used to his blatant flirting. Sucking down the rest of her drink, she turned back to the bar. She signaled to the bartender to get her another. "Looking to get well lubricated , Kitty Kat?" Katniss flicked him off. "Just prepping myself for a night surrounded by sisters and..." Her grey eyes sized up Finnick slowly. "Your lot." She happily accepted her drink, sticking a third straw into it. She liked to add a new one for each refill she got. Finnick looked at Madge, frowning dramatically. "She wounds me!" He nodded over her blonde head at the bartender, who nodded back in kind. Madge slipped the straw of her drink from between her lips, swallowing the sip she had just taken. "Don't take it personally, Finn. Katniss just disapproves of your choice of wingman." She looked at her friend, who was giving her a death glare. "What?!" "What's this?" Finnick looked from Madge to Katniss with wide eyes. "Kitty Kat doesn't like Peeta Mellark?" He reached out and handed the bartender a ten, who in turn handed him the trademark 'big' cup with the Bullwinkle's logo slapped on the side. "But everybody loves Mr. Charming and Handsome!" "That's the problem." Katniss made a face. " Everyone loves him... or perhaps that should be the other way around," she shuddered dramatically. Finnick pouted at her. "But you can't fault a man for his God given good looks." He turned a wink on Madge. "After all." She giggled. Katniss rolled her eyes, "So he looks good in a pair of tight jeans!" Finnick and Madge both turned, sporting surprised looks in her direction. She blushed. "But...uh... being handsome doesn't make up for the way he..." she faltered, hating the shit-eating grin that was slowly forming on Finnick's face. She jabbed her finger at his chest. "At least you haven't slept your way through Alpha Chi, and half the other houses on campus!" "Why, you make him sound like some sort of," Finnick gasped, doing his best imitation of a Southern belle. " Sexual fiend!" Katniss made a sound in the back of her throat, letting him know she wasn't refuting the remark. She slid her three straws into her mouth, sipping while coyly glancing up at Finnick. She reached her free hand out to Madge, pulling her friend away from him. "You know I can't let you get away with talking about my wingman like that!" Finnick called mischievously after they pair as Katniss dragged Madge out onto the large patio area that made up the back of the club. Gripping one of the many straws in her cup between her fingers, she brought the drink up to her lips. Closing her eyes as she took a sip, she continued to sway to the music the DJ was pumping through the speakers. It was some hip-hop song that she was sure Delly would know if she cared to ask. It wasn't what she normally preferred, but she was enough Captain and Cokes in that she didn't mind. All that mattered to her was that it had a good beat she could dance to. A pair of hands found their way to her hips, and Katniss pushed back against the groin suddenly grinding into her backside. She was usually against the whole grinding thing that went down on dance floors, but it was another thing she found herself making less of a fuss over the more she drank. And it was Greek central station in the place - she was sure it was someone she knew and could semi-trust enjoying a few dances with. The hand on her right hip slid around to her stomach, fingers inching up under the edge of her shirt to brush against the skin of her stomach. She giggled, dropping her head back against a shoulder. "So I've heard a little rumor..." Katniss froze at the all-too-familiar voice murmuring against her ear. She spun around, finding herself staring at the smiling face of Peeta Mellark. His curly blond hair was matted down with sweat, likely from dancing with every one of her sisters. His blue eyes were cloudy from drink, but he looked as handsome as Finnick had said. As handsome as she had confirmed him to be. And she hated him for it. "And what rumor is that?" she questioned, giving him the same coy