Legolas was walking into jail or prison, whichever one is worse. It was max security where all the crazy cereal killers go. And all the rapists. Legolas was in jail because he was accused of stealing some gay berries from this kid in the forest who had a blond fauxhawk. But that's another story. This is the story of Legolas goes to prison: the unfortunate incident in the shower. Legolas was very nervous about going to jail. He had heard stories about what happened in prison. He heard that there were "Bitches" which confused him because it was an all male jail. "Oh no" thought Legolas out loud "what will happen to me when we have to shower? I am very uncomfortable with my body especially this is a prison for only humans and I am an elf and I totes waxed my everything yesterday, what will my roommates think?" Legolas had a very unfortunate habit of speaking out loud, and stating the obvious. Legolas went to meet his roommate. The guard threw him into the room and slammed the door. "Hello, I am Legolas" said Legolas to the lump sitting on the bed. "Stupid elf." Said the lump. "I am Igormopalous. I HATE elves. I am in jail for slapping an elf to death with my beard." Igomopalous had a very thick and dreadlocky beard. In fact it was comprised of one very thick, very dirty, very long, very intimidating dreadlock that made Legolas very self conscious about his own non beard. "What are you in for?" Igomopalous asked. "Stealing gayberries." said Legolas "shoot I shouldn't have said that now my roommate will think I am a homosexual." Legolas frowned as he realized that he had spoken out loud. "GAYberries?" Yelled Igormopalous. "I'm out of here!" and then he walked out of the room. But when Legolas tried to follow he saw the door was locked. "Oh no the door is locked." he said, out loud. "Now I am stuck in here by myself" he then drew a frownie face on the cell wall with his silver elf tears. "Legolas," cried a voice from the other side of the wall, "Is that of you?" "I forgot," said Legolas, "that there are more than one cell in prisons! There must someone on the other side of this wall, in their own cell, and this someone must know my name! Hello, other prisoner, who are you?" "Legolas, it is I, Celebras, your pal from primary school!" cried the voice. "Curses," said Legolas, "I hated Celebras. His hair was dirty and knotted and his face reminded me of a Warg." Celebras didn't respond immediately, so Legolas said, "Thank goodness that elf didn't talk because his voice sounds horrible and I wish I were not placed in the cell that is directly next to him." Celebras's grumbling voice came from through the wall: "That idiot elf Legolas. How dare he insult me? And I was a good friend to him! We went swimming all the time in that one river in that other forest. All the Time. I shall concoct a plan to have him punished for what he has done to me! It is a good thing that I have made lots of friends here at this prison jail. That way, I can get them to get together and... Well, I have not yet figured out that part, but I am sure I will soon!" Legolas gasped and grew worried. "Oh no," he said, "I ought to better watch out or I might get got by Celebras and his goons." "Oh no, I think Legolas is on to me," said Celebras. "He knows I know!" gasped Legolas. "He knows I know he knows!" "He knows I know he knows I know!" The two elves were interrupted by a voice on the intercom that informed them that it would soon be meal time, soon followed by playtime in the yard where they would lift weights and make license plates and stuff. "This must mean that it's nearly time eat!" exclaimed the elves at the same time. "Yay I love to eat!" said Legolas. "If I don't eat my tummy hurts and then I die if I don't eat for long enough." "Omg me tooooo!" said Celebras. Soon it was lunch. After lunch would come play time. "I don't like Salisbury steak" Said an inmate who was sitting behind Legolas. "I like all types of meat." said Legolas. "Oh no I should not have said that now the other inmates will think that I am a homosexual." Since Legolas said this out loud it brought a lot more attention to his statement than would have been attentive to his statement because of the second statement about homosexualness. "Do you WANT to be a prison bitch?" asked another inmate. This one was very tall, very human and his pants were very much falling down. "Oh noees" said Legolas. "I of course don't want to be turned into a girl!" unfortunately for him this gave the other inmates ideas. Especially after dessert which was Popsicles. Legolas devoured his and finished it saying: "I love to suck on cylindrical objects it makes me feel safe and happy" in front of all the other inmates. It also didn't help that right when he went to go to the Yard where the license plates were made and the weights were lifted he could hardly lift any weight and had to use a very large, very black shake weight. After recess, Legolas was very sweaty and tired and wanted a shower. "I am sweaty and tired and I want a shower," he said, "I hope it is shower time because I want to be clean. I love being clean. Oh no," he said, "now all the other inmates will think I am a homosexual because I like being clean!" The other inmates, who had not actually thought this until just now, turned to stare at Legolas. However it was done being recess time so the guards led the inmates back into the jail prison in a nice straight line like second graders in elementary school. All of the guards were very ugly except for one, she was quite beautiful. Her hair was shiny and long and blond and Legolas thought she looked like an elf because she carried herself with ethereality. "I will skip ahead all of these inmates in line so I can talk to that gorgeous glorious ethereal prison guard," said Legolas, and he proceeded to do so. The other inmates were not happy with this, as they all thought that the warden was very pretty, even the hardcore gays. "Hello he said to the warden, my name is Legolas and you are beautiful and I don't think I deserve to be here with all the other fugly bad men." The warden laughed, she really was beautiful, and said nothing and pushed Legolas back into line and Legolas saw that her nameplate read Michelle. What a beautiful name, thought Legolas. "Michelle is a really pretty name," said Legolas. The prisoners were herded into the prison jail's locker-room for bad people and they were all instructed to take their clothes off. The wardens lined up along the wall to watch. "I dislike getting undressed in front of others because even though I have a beautiful body I don't like people who I don't know to look upon me," said Legolas. "Oh no now I sound like a whiny Bitch I do not wish to be a woman I hope the other prisoners haven't noticed that I sound like a whiny Bitch." From across the room, Celebras said, "I am so happy that my fellow fugly prisoners think that Legolas sounds like a whiny Bitch and is a homosexual!" Unfortunately for Celebras this brought the gangstas attention to him and his equally elf-y and therefore homosexual appearance. Especially because it was time to pick up the soap. Legolas knew that soap had a special significance in prison and had therefore brought his own from home. It was Herbal Essence rainbow magic all the fruits together flavor (it even tasted good). "Would you like to borrow my soap" Legolas asked the room in general. He figured by offering he would stop the others from getting him to drop it. "Why would I want yo girly soap?" asked some muscle bound scary scary inmate. "Erm... girly?" asked Legolas. This worried him. He didn't think delicious soap would hurt him in prison, but everything seemed to be working against him today. "Oh god. Please don't think I am a homosexual!" said Legolas. Aloud. Some inmates were staring at him. But before he could say anything else, the wardens hurried them off into the shower room and for some reason the guards had changed into bathing suits and they all looked super gross except for Michelle who was sexy and was wearing a G-string bikini with polka dots and a gun holster strapped to her thigh. "Shower time bitches!" shouted the main prison guard! He turned on the showers. "I am not a bitch!" shouted Legolas, "I am a man with pretty hair and a sensitive body and I bruise easily but I am a man and I know how to handle swords well!" The head guard brutally beat Legolas around the head and it was mean of him but Legolas was not injured because he was a super strong elf. "Be quiet, elf-boy, and get cleaned! The tax payers pay not for you to be talking while the water bill creeps higher!" "I am ashamed," said Legolas, ashamed, "And I will continue to wash my body in silence." And so Legolas grabbed his special soap and a dirty old washrag and began to clean himself. "This washrag is dirty and old but I will put up with it because surely it will teach me the lesson that I am supposed to learn while I stay at this prison jail." The other inmates ignored him because they were fugly and mean and actually the elf, while very beautiful in every way, had a very grating voice. They wish he had never stolen those damned gay berries. Sadly, Legolas soaped up his washrag and began to drag it across his beautiful porcelain skin but when he realized that the washrag was getting his skin dirtier rather than cleaner he tossed it aside saying "This washrag is too dirty to get me clean" and just used the bar of soap on his skin. All was going well until Legolas dropped the soap. He watched in dismay as it bounced against the shower floor and slid towards the drain in the very middle of the shower room. "I have dropped the soap!" declared Legolas loudly. Some of the fugly inmates turned to look at him in interest. Legolas gasped. "Oh no, I have announced that I have dropped the soap so loudly that the inmates know that I have dropped the soap!" By now, all of the fugly inmates were looking at him in interest. "Oh no!" Legolas cried, "Now ALL the fugly inmates know that I have dropped the soap!" Legolas looked at the fallen soap sadly. "I will now have to bend over, exposing myself and my vulnerability, to retrieve my soap," he said. Loudly. By now the other inmates were very, very interested. Legolas slowly slowly leaned over to get his soap. It was in the very dirty drain. He paused to consider picking up the dirty soap. "This soap is very dirty. Is it worth picking up?" he wondered aloud. He remained sitting there, his backside in the air, waiving pertly from side to side as he considered. "I should decide quickly and put my bottom down so the other inmates do not think I am asking to be made into a bitch. I should not have said that aloud. That may have been considered to be an invitation!" By now all the