A/N After a 1year pause, i've edited this story and finished the last few chapters. That made me want a fresh start, so I decided to repost the entire story. Also if you would like to read an Edward/Bella story that is finished. Try my story Object of the Mind. Have fun reading! Chapter 1 Love Function: noun Etymology: Middle English, from Old English lufu; akin to Old High German luba love, Old English lēof dear, Latin lubēre, libēre to please Date: before 12th century Looking at the date reference makes me smile now. Before 12th century. Love through time could be easily found. Each variety of love influencing the life it touched. Forming both interpersonal and impersonal attachments in our lifes. Attachments that change your life completely. I can recollect how it was for me. At the time I didn't know but at the age of 13 I had fallen in love with my best friend. We had grown up together, just 2 years apart in age. His father was the head of the stables at our house. And there were no other children here for me to run around and play with. Against my mother's wishes we had spend many hours growing up, playing in the gardens of my house. Watched from a distance by one of the men working in the stables or maids doing the laundry outside. This had lasted most of childhood until one day. It had been shortly after my 13th birthday. I had gone outside to meet him. Like every other day, he had been waiting for me at the apple tree. Running up to him I had thrown myself in his arms. Happy to see him and feel that warm ticklish sensation in the pit of my stomach each time he would laugh at me. This time, for the first time in our friendship he did not catch me. Instead he pushed me away, shoving me to the ground. "We can't be friends anymore Isabella." From the ground I had looked up at him. He seemed so distant and out of reach. All grown up from where I was, as he towered over me. Looking down on me with a frown. "I have no more time for childish games." His cold words hurt me more than him pushing me to the ground. For the first time ever in my life I felt like my mother had been right the entire time. Scrambling to my feet I ran back to my room. Ashamed to be crying and not sure why I was crying so hard. All day I spend in my room until it felt like there had been no tears left to cry. But still they continued to run from my eyes. In the evening the maid came to my room, she looked at the tray of food. Food that was left untouched. She went to get another maid and without my mother home to consult, they called for one of the monks from the monastery. Afraid I had some unknown illness. The monk had come late at night, asking to be left alone with me in my room. No one had dared to stay, to deny his demands. When they left he pushed my hair out my face. His cool hands had soothed my hot flushed face, wiping away my tears and placing a soft kiss on my forehead. This man that did not know anything about me seemed to fill me with a calm feeling and after drinking some of the tea he made I had slept for hours. He had given me a different kind of love and send me into a calm silent dream. When I had woken up and remembered my only friend was gone. It took me a few days to find the courage and ask my father what had happened. He just patted me on the shoulder, explaining that my best friend was training at another household with a knight that served for the king. Something girls understood little off, I wasn't allowed to think about it and focus on my training to become a lady. Already my mother was asking my father to seek out an eligible husband. The prospect of spending the rest of my life with a man I did not feel any passion for did not excite me. And late at night when I would fall asleep. My dreams would be pleasantly rules by green sparkling eyes. Somehow the memory of my first crush made it tolerable to start a new day each morning. Three years I hadn't seen him, only hearing glimpses every now and again when our fathers would discuss how his training was going. Each time I felt hurt at the knowledge that he had pushed aside his feelings so easily. I grew up, read about marriage and other things like love. Each time I read that word, I knew my first love was somewhere out there. Committing myself fully to the household chores that were to be expected of a lady I passed through the days, like a shadow passing through the day. Running ahead of the sun and finding shelter in the night. I had been sitting in the garden on a rather sunny afternoon, working on some small embroidering. Something I was forced to do but found little pleasure in. It was this afternoon a stranger had walked into the garden, stopping a few meters away from me. His gaze had made me look up and stop what I was doing. There weren't a lot of men visiting our household these days. All knights and able men were collecting themselves, preparing themselves for the King's next crusade to the Holy Land. My father hadn't told me we would have a visitor and suddenly I felt very underdressed as this man walked into my garden and stopped to look at me. Glancing away from my handwork again, I realised he hadn't moved and was still watching me. Carefully I inspected him better. In front of me was the most handsome man I had ever seen. Dressed in a tunic that was fashionable at court, showing he served for the King. It wasn't just his clothes that made me look again. His shoulders were wide and his hips were lean with long strong legs. I slapped myself for thinking about a man this way, but there was no way I could stop admiring what I could see. Slowly my eyes found it's way up to his face. A strong angular jaw, strong full lips, perfect straight nose and a tiny scare above his eyebrow. What was the thing that made me hold my breath were his eyes, deep dark green eyes. Like an emerald forest, enchanting me. It was impossible to not recognise the eyes. "Did you miss me?" His voice was low and breathy making me bite my lip. "Because I missed you." Crossing the small distance that was left between us he offered me his hand. Not thinking about all the ladylike things I had been taught in the past years, I put my hand in his and allowed him to pull me to my feet. Awkwardly I straightened my gown, somehow feeling exposed standing in front him. "You left me and I thought I would never see you again." The last little bit of anger I had been holding on to seemed to find it's way to my mind first. Crossing my arms I looked up at him, noticing that even now I was standing he was still towering over me. His eyes showed a glimpse of excitement as he looked down and I could feel his eyes drift away from my face. Quickly I relaxed my arms, heat flushing to my face at the knowledge where his eyes were focussing on. "I am here now." His voice sounded broken and immediately my anger ebbed away. Leaving me with a feeling I had never experienced before. A strange feeling in my stomach made me sit down and gasp for air. Worried he sat down next to me, grabbing my hand. His gesture was completely inappropriate and yet the best thing I had ever felt. "Are you well Isabelle?" His face was now so near, all I needed to do was turn my face and our lips would brush. Again totally inappropriate thing to do. Pushing back my shoulders I raised my head. He leaned back also, still facing me. The moment our eyes met I could see the green emerald storm raging behind the calm exterior. I lost my resolve and opened my mouth without thinking. "I am... now you are here." My words had been true that afternoon and three weeks later it felt like we had never been apart. Each day we had found an excuse to see each other. And each day the time apart seemed to last longer and longer, like time only moved when I was around him. He had come to my room that first night after he had returned, climbing through my window. Claiming he wanted to spend each possible moment together. His words had made me laugh but I'd enjoyed our talks before going to bed. It had felt natural and each evening had been innocent. Up to this night. Now feverish hands ran down my back. Even through the fabric of my gown I could feel them burn my skin. Arching my back to press my body closer to his. The feeling of his long torso supporting me as for the first time ever he seemed to let go of his manners. Kissing me thoroughly, opening his lips to mine and exploring my mouth. Panting for breath he stepped away and let go of my. The sudden movement almost made me fall. Barely I managed to stay on my feet, my knees weak from his passion. "Isabella..." His piercing eyes met mine as he lowered his face. "I have something for you, to remember me while I am away." Carefully he unwrapped a small leather pouch. When he shook it empty a small ring fell on his hand. I gasped at the sight of it. "Would you wear this, as a promise ring. Until the day I am back and knighted. I will ask your hand in marriage." The conviction behind his words made my heart melt. Holding out his left hand palm, he held the delicate little piece of jewellery in his other hand. Holding my breath I placed my hand on his raised palm and he slipped the ring on my finger. It fitted perfectly. "Mine" Was all he managed to say as he closed the distance between our bodies again and kissed me again. It sounded hungry and dark, it sounded good in ways I'd never ever felt. Just as he was about to deepen the kiss I heard footsteps in the corridor. He had heard them too and quickly let go of me. "They'll catch you." Scared I let go of him. He didn't seem to be afraid of getting caught. Instead he just pulled me back to him and smiled at me. Gentle he placed one last kiss on my forehead before letting go. Walking to the window he took one last glance at me. "I love you" There was no hesitation as he spoke the words. Swinging his legs outside the window he smiled at me and lowered himself from the small ledge.. Rushing to the window I looked to see him climb down, using the large rosebushes that covered the walls below my window. When he was on the ground he completely disappeared "I love you more..." My words were lost in the darkness but I knew he had heard them. My words were lost in the darkness but I knew he had heard them. Just like every evening before this one where he had climbed up to my room. On my finger was the proof of his