This is my first Harry Potter fanfic, but I have been inspired by so many others of this kind. I hope you enjoy it and I welcome any criticism, but please be gentle with me. I'm still a learning writer and I'm learning everyday. October 31, 1981- Potter Manor The manor was dark, not a single light could be seen from any window. The Dark Lord, dressed in his pitch black cloak, stood in the shadows outside the manor, waiting. A flash of green suddenly flared in a single window. One figure stepped out, followed closely by another. The first figure was a tall male. His unruly hair and glasses could be seen from the shadows. The second figure was slightly shorter than the first. It was a woman, her long hair reaching her lower back. The two figures shared a quick kiss before settling down upon a couch. The Dark Lord figured this would be the best time to attack. So he moved, his black cloak billowing around him, like only one other could do, closer to the house that held the little prophecy child. He bypassed the wards surrounding the Manor easily, alerting the two occupants who were awake. They stood in unison and turned to the door, just as the Dark Lord blasted it down. The man, his tall statue, was hit and sent into a realm of hateful darkness. The woman screamed, before turning tail and rushing up the stairs, dodging hexes and curses the entire way. Her footsteps pounded up the stairs, and echoed throughout the hallway. Cruel laughter followed her getting closer and closer. The woman threw open a door, rushing in and standing before her children. Yes, children, for you see, the Potter family had not a single child, but three, triplets to be exact. Triplets were a rare occurrence in the Wizarding community, but all three children were loved the same. The two boys had so many differences, but the youngest, and littlest, the girl, was so much like the middle child. The two youngest had their father's black hair, the boy's was just as unruly, but the girl had soft hair, that even at her tender age of 15 months, was sure to be silky, wavy, and curl just slightly. The door to the nursery blasted open, and into the young witch, who stood protecting her children. The Dark Lord stood before the woman, his red eyes glowing under his hood. His wand was raised before him, and a Stupefy was cast upon the woman. Understand, it was not the Dark Lords plan to kill anyone, except the child, for he still had uses for many of them. With that out of the way, let us turn back to this story. The Dark Lord now stood before the three children. He surveyed each one, bypassing the oldest easily. The two youngest, twins in their own rights, both stared back at him, judging, watching, intimidating. Their matching green eyes glowed with untapped power, and the power already tapped. The twins were close enough, and they reached through the bars that separated them. The hands connected and a soft gold glow filtered between them. This went unnoticed by the Dark Wizard before them. His wand raised, the Killing Curse leaving his lips with diligent practice. Then it happened, all at once. A glowing white bubble surrounded the twins, the bars between their bed disappearing. The twins moved closer together. A blue and white fire spread across the magic bubble gathering around the Killing Cure. The twins looked at the curse and it shot away from them. It slammed back into the Dark Lord and split his soul even farther. This time it split twice more, a piece landing in each child. The Dark Lord then became no more. His cloak and wand falling to the floor. The twins were still connected as magic swirled around the room, continuing its destruction. Both children were unconscious, unlike their older brother who was wailing loudly. A small piece of the roof had burned his cheek in a V shape. The twins shared a lightning scar and a crescent scar. The boy, Harrison James, had the lightning bolt scar. The girl, Annaliza Rose, had the crescent scar. The oldest boy, Daniel Alexander, was still wailing when Albus Wulfric Percival Brian Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, apparated to the house. Along with several Order members, they spread across the house with Remus Lupin, finding the Stupefyed male, James Potter. Sirius Black, friend of the Potters and found the red headed Lily, in the destroyed nursery. Both parents were woken, and after calming them about the children, allowed Dumbledore to speak. Sirius, godfather of the youngest, Annaliza, held his little goddaughter against his chest. Remus held his godchild, the little Harrison. Both children were still unconscious, but thought to be asleep. Lily held her oldest, his crying finally quieted by her soft voice. Dumbledore waved his wand in an intricate pattern above each child, checking their magical cores. Annaliza and Harry, having depleted their cores severely, were both close to Squib level. Annaliza, her core a beautiful mix between a blue and green color, was actually the strongest of the triplets, followed closely by Harry with his similar core colors. Daniel had a core of red and gold, Gryffindor colors, but it was only an average level. "I can claim here and now who the prophecy child is." Dumbledore finally spoke, breaking the silence. "Who is it Albus?" Asked a frantic Lily. "Daniel Alexander Potter, is the Boy-Who-Lived." Albus said confidence in his voice. After that statement the little Potter Twins were forgotten. They were forgotten by everyone, except their godfathers, who loved them unconditionally. It would eventually go so far as for the two children to be forgotten at Hogwarts, at the tender age of 4. It will come soon, Magic herself declared that day, that these two will be taken in by all of magic, and given their rightful dues. Three years later- After the Hogwarts visit "They left us. They are officially the worst Harry." A clear feminine voice spoke. "We're better off without them Rose." A boy spoke. "Welcome children, marked by magic." A ghost like voice entered the conversation. The voice was followed by four very real figures. The first figure was a tall male. His long white blond hair pulled away from his face, into a ponytail. His high cheekbones and sharp eyes showed aristocrat features. Though his face looked cold and mean, his light silver-green eyes showed a warmth for the two younglings. Next came a woman with soft brown hair. Her blue eyes held knowledge and showed wisdom beyond her years. She had softer features that welcomed the younger generation. The next to enter the room was another woman. She had yellow gold hair that flowed in soft curls to her waist. her honey brown eyes were inviting and showed her emotions easily. Lastly came a tall imposing man. His tall figure was an impressive sight. Muscles bulged from his strong arms and legs. His hair was red and black, in an even mix, and went to his shoulders. His eyes were a strange amber color, but they still held a warmth like all the others. "Who are you?" Rose asked suspiciously. "We are the Founding Four, sweet child." The brown haired woman spoke up. "I am Rowena Ravenclaw." "I am Helga Hufflepuff." The blond woman spoke. "I am Godric Gryffindor." The red and black haired man said. "That makes me Salazar Slytherin." The white blond stated. "Who might you two be? It is not often we have children marked by Magic herself at this school." Rowena said. "My name is Harrison James Potter. I go by Harry for short. The little girl is my twin, Annaliza Rose Potter. She just goes by Rose." Harry answered. "Well, twins, how would you feel about getting some early training from the Founders of this great school? It is not often that we are seen by mortal children." Salazar asked. "We would be very greatful." The twins spoke in unison. All will be set right now. Magic said to the Founders These two have enough magic to claim your heirships as well as the Le Fay and Emrys titles. Six years later "Good Rose." Salazar spoke to the girl. "Thank you Professor Slytherin." Rose said back. "You are both getting good at controlling your Animagus forms." Rowena said from off to the side. Now, before we continue, we must catch up with the Emerald-eyed twins. Over the six years they had been with the four founders they had grown in knowledge. Both children were half finished with seventh year Hogwarts curriculum and were just finishing the Animagus side of Transfiguration. Both children were powerful and had a magical Animagus form. They had gone through every course offered at Hogwarts, and had some not even offered. Over the years the founders had each named the twins the heirs of each founder respectively. Rose and Harry could both do wandless magic, as well as silent incantations. As Magic had declared they had grown into great magic cores. After mastering their Animagus they were now working on controlling their forms and connecting their magic with their inner animals. It was the night before their birthday when they would turn eleven and get their Hogwarts letters. The children were sad they had to leave the founders, but were happy they wouldn't be gone for long. First the twins had to go by Diagon Alley and gather all their required school supplies, before going to the Potter Manor. Both were hoping to be able to contact their godfathers, who they hadn't seen in six years. "Alright you two. Before you go off to bed remember you will be back soon. We will all miss you, but we will be watching you." Godric said as the twins turned to their rooms in Hogwarts. "Don't cause trouble until you are back under our protection, got it?" A stern Helga questioned them. "We got it Professor Hufflepuff." Harry responded. "Remember at Gringotts that you must respect the goblins." Rowena reminded them. "We will Professor Ravenclaw." Rose spoke this time. "Guys don't worry, we will still see them tomorrow morning, before they go to Diagon." Salazar said coolly. "Off to bed young-lings." "Goodnight, Great Founders Four." The twins intoned together. The Founders chuckled while the black haired twins scampered off to their personal rooms in Hogwarts. Carefully gliding through the halls of Hogwarts and avoiding the patrolling teachers the Potter Twins found the fruit portrait. Rose tickled the pear and the door swung in. House-elves of every shape and size stopped their movements to see who entered. Harry and Rose strode into the room, much to the House-elves happiness. Two House-elves broke away from the rest and bounded up to the twins. One elf was a short female. She had long pointed ears, big mud brown eyes, and a strangely delicate nose. Her light green skin gave her a sweet look. This elf, Paisley, was bonded to Rose, instead of Hogwarts. The other elf was Paisley's twin. He had shorter ears, sharper eyes, and a large lumpy nose. His name was Parsley, and like Paisley, had bonded to Harry. "Little Master and Mistress has returned. Paisley's and Parsley's are so happy!" Paisley said jumping slightly. "What can we's gets young bonded?" Parsley asked in his gravelly voice. "We just came to get two dinners, to go." Harry stated simply. "We's will have yous dinners in a flash." Paisley squeaked before wandering off with her twin. "House-Elves." Rose sighed to her brother. "Can't live with them, can't live without them." "Very true, Sister." Harry drawled back. "So, which house should we go to this year?" Rose questioned. "I'm thinking either the snakes or the ravens." Harry answered. "Why so?" "First, it would piss James Potter off to no end. Second,