Disclaimer: I do not own The Lord of the Rings or it's characters; They belong to their rightful owner J.R.R. Tolkien. We just borrow them to play. *winks* Tahleruil and Coraias are mine. A/N: I've always been a LotR fan, and Legolas has always been my favorite character. Until this year though I've never read or written any fanfiction. *headdesk* After watching all the movies (Special extended edition of LotR and the Hobbit movies) and playing Shadow of Mordor on my new PS4, I finally broke down and decided to look up some fanfics with Legolas. One of the first authors I ran across (White Wolf1) had so many great and awesome fanfics, many had a young Legolas with his father Thranduil. So I was inspired to write this one-shot up. I'm not sure if this particular idea has ever been done before, but I wanted to write it and so here it is! My first ever LotR fanfic! -Update 8/16/2015. Replaced "you're" with "you are" - "office" with "study" - "men" with "warriors" - "I'm" with "I am" - "we'll" with "we will" - "he's" with "he has" - and "we're" with "we are". Bringing the Hunt Home Elvenking Thranduil of the Silvan Elves of Mirkwood had always had a fondness for hunting, but as king of the Woodland Realm his hunts had become few and far between. They had become less so after the birth of his first and only son, Legolas, and the death of his wife and mother of their child. In fact he had not hunted since his wife's death, too hard for him to find enjoyment in much things out of mourning. With the Shadows continuously encroaching in Mirkwood, Thranduil had more concerns and duties toward his people, and he did not get much time for himself. Hunting was the furthest thing from his mind when his people needed him, and such work had effected his relationship with his only child. And while he did love Legolas, he sometimes failed to know how to show the elfling such affection. It was harder on him than many knew. Despite wearing boots and a slight limp hindering the brisk walk of an elven guard, the dark brunette's steps did not make a sound on the hard floor of the palace as he headed toward Thranduil's study. Stopping short of the large, elaborately carved wooden doors of the study, the elf rapped his knuckles on the door and awaited his king's response. When he was granted entrance with a simple "enter" he stepped inside and closed the doors behind himself, bowing his head respectively for his king. "My lord. I have a new report concerning the great spiders in Mirkwood that I believe you should hear." He glanced up, his blue eyes searching for signs that he should continue or if this was not the time. It was always hard to judge if his king was in one of his 'better' moods. If not, he may have regret to not have taken action and then report in. Thranduil had his gaze on some papers that he was reading over, a yearly report of all things concerning his realm and people to which he greatly loathed in having to go over each and every year. Finally after a moment, he turned his blue-grey eyes up to meet those of Tahleruil's. The elf stood with a straight back and his head bowed, and one could not tell he had a limp as he stood there before the king. "Go on." He ordered. Tahleruil still could not read his king's mood, even after so many years of service. But he continued regardless now that he had an order to do so. "I am sorry to intrude on this particular time, I know you have many reports to look over for this year. But one of the warriors scouting around the palace found webs not ten miles away from the palace walls. He immediately reported to me, and I thought you should know of this turn." At this Thranduil was mildly alarmed, but not as much as he should have been. He knew a time would come when the spiders of Mirkwood would get brave -or stupid- enough to get too close to Thranduil's Halls, but he had hoped that day would not come so soon. Especially when his son was not even old enough to join the warriors and defend himself. While Legolas was too young to leave the palace grounds, spiders could climb and were fast, and one bite to such a young elfling would be lethal. Not even Elrond's healing abilities would be able to save his son should he be bitten at such a young age, if he even survived the trip to Rivendell. Lost as he was in his own dire thoughts of what could possibly happen to his only child and heir, Thranduil had not realized he had lapsed into silence until Tahleruil cleared his throat to gain the attention of the Elvenking. Looking at the brunette now with his attention back in the present moment, he frowned. "They've become brazen, if not stupid to think we would allow them to nest so close. Have you dispatched warriors to kill them and destroy the nest?" Tahleruil shook his head. "No my lord, not yet. I only just got the report, and I wanted to inform you first before doing so, with how close they are." He held his breath a moment, hoping it had been a good idea. The king looked down at his reports, then stood from behind his desk, all the while Tahleruil's sharp eyes followed. "These spiders need to know that we will not stand for their insolence. Gather your best warriors, and get me my mount." He turned his sharp gaze up to Tahleruil, and he could plainly see the shock on the elf's face at the announcement he would be joining them. "They will learn I will not tolerate them coming so close to my home." Sharp blue eyes hardened with resolve and Tahleruil nodded. "Yes my lord. I will wait with the warriors at the palace gates with mounts for you. The spiders will regret their mistake of getting close to the palace, of that I am sure." Bowing his head in respect, Tahleruil turned and left the study to get everything ready. Left to prepare for the hunt, Thranduil felt a rush of excitement run through him. While the situation was serious, it had been years since he had last left his Halls to hunt. And while spiders had not been his usual quarry, he would not think to be disappointed in being able to finally hunt once more. And it would ease some of his yearly stress while at the same time demonstrate to these spiders he would not sit idle. Leaving the papers behind him unfinished, he left his study to go to his chambers and prepare at a brisk pace. There was a particular pep in his step at the prospect of hunting after so many years of being cooped up in his palace. As he entered his bed chambers to change into more appropriate garb for hunting, he spotted an elfling that had found his way into his room. It wasn't forbidden for Legolas to be in his father's room, but the elf did stop and raise an eyebrow as he looked at his son sitting on his bed and reading over one of the books he got from the palace library. "Legolas, what are you doing in my room by yourself?" The elfling snapped his head up, presumably at shock of being caught and surprise at someone suddenly there that he had not sensed. "I am sorry Ada, I did not think you would mind if I sat in here and just read. I know you are busy and I did not want to bother you so I came to your room instead." It hurt Thranduil more than he let on how his son's mind seemed to think the only way he could 'spend time' with him was by himself in Thranduil's bed chambers. He stepped over and sat on the edge of his bed, where Legolas moved to sit beside him. The book he had in hand was not one for learning but Legolas' favorite storybook. The one Thranduil had read to him on many nights before his wife's death. Legolas was barely ten years of age in human years, but he hid his loneliness better than some adult elves. It simply further broke Thranduil's heart. "I am sorry, ion nin. After this year's reports have been read through, I promise we will spend a day together. For now, I need to get ready." The excitement at the promise of spending a day with his father was prominent on Legolas' young face. And so was the curiosity of what his father meant by getting ready. "What do you have to get ready for?" He asked quickly, a rush of excitement still thrumming inside him at news of getting to spend time with his father. Thranduil stood from his bed and looked at Legolas. He did not want Legolas to know the dangers that lurked just outside the palace walls just yet, but it became harder to conceal them from the young prince as time passed and the Shadows grew ever closer. After thinking of how best to put it, he said, "I am going on a hunt for spiders with Tahleruil." The young elfling's eyes grew large at this news. Thranduil spared him of how close they were at the very least, which eased his heart a little. Legolas jumped up, book forgotten on the bed behind him. "I want to come with you, Ada!" He declared suddenly, making Thranduil frown. "No." Was his quick and sharp response. He hadn't meant it to sound so harsh but Legolas was too young for hunts, even if it weren't for spiders. "You are too young, ion nin. When you are older, you may go on hunts. But you are too young to go on one now. Especially for spiders. Now please go and let me prepare." "But, I want to help! Ada, the Woodland Realm is my home, and I do not want those spiders to live here. I want to help fight them with you." He was not persuaded by his father's sharp words, so used to the Elvenking's sharp tongue was he. "Legolas, you will not be coming with me on this hunt. Now go, you have lessons later if I recall." He left no room for argument, though he knew Legolas didn't give up quite so easily. He was stubborn for such a young age. It made Thranduil smile on most times, but not this time. Biting his lip, Legolas puffed up his chest and stared at his father's back, his jaw set in a stubborn line now. "But," "No buts!" Thranduil turned back to face Legolas and motioned toward the door, before he stepped away and began pulling out his hunting armor and clothing. He heard Legolas take a sharp breath, and then turn and stomp out. While elves were silent on their feet, they could be loud if they wanted to be and Legolas wanted to be heard right this moment. When his door was closed, Thranduil sighed. His earlier excitement for a hunt was all but gone with Legolas out the door. He looked to the bed where the storybook lay forgotten. Not thirty minutes later, Thranduil was striding out the doors of the palace and toward Tahleruil and the awaiting warriors, fully prepared to kill the brazen spiders that had nested so close to his home. Tahleruil turned toward his king, but paused when he saw movement behind him. He cleared his throat as Thranduil approached and nodded behind the elf. Turning his head, he was a bit surprised but not entirely to see Legolas standing with