Necessary Escape A/N : Hello everyone, this is my new story called Necessary Escape. I am trying my hand at attempting slash themes in this story so I am asking that those who do not condone or it's not their cup of tea please turn back now! I am dedicating this story to Romancing the Boys , whose stories you should definitely read . Summary : Jacob and Seth decide to leave La Push because they can't stand to see the ones they love marry someone else. For 16 years, they live England away from the pain and heartache, as well as, their families and the pack. They have yet to stop phasing because they are not ready to age yet. However, back home in La Push, Washington, Sue & Leah Clearwater and Billy & Rachel Black are struggling with the loss of both boys. The pack scoured all over the northern half of the states looking for them when they ran away but after two years they stopped because they knew if the boys wanted to be found they would be. Without any luck on finding the boys in the first six months lives started to return to normal (as normal as they could be), starting with the weddings of two prominent members of the tribe. Flash forward to the eve of the 16 year anniversary of Jacob and Seth leaving and Bella receives a phone call from her father begging her to ask her father-in-law to please come back and work on both Sue and Billy because both are very sick and nothing else has worked. Jacob and Seth decide they can no longer run from their pasts or hide from their families any longer. As they all board the plane, all them can't help but wonder what the reception will be like for the boys when they walk into Billy's and how the family will take the many surprises they are bringing in tow. Warning : Rated M for the following reasons: cussing, lemons, violence, slash, mpreg and bloodshed. I cannot clarify enough how important it is to read the ratings! You have been warned. Disclaimer : I own nothing except my plot details and my own characters that might show up throughout the story. However, anything else that is related to the original books of Twilight or the movies all belongs to Stephanie Meyer and the people who made the movies. Prologue ~Jacob~ I know we said that we would split at any given point when we found somebody or imprinted but I didn't think that I would actually fall in love with him at the time. I had thought they were just mutual one offs for both of us. In time, it turned from one offs to liking each other and small caresses here and there to no more fucking but softer, passionate lovemaking moments that followed by cuddling. Finally, I planned to tell him how I felt we were supposed to meet at our special meadow, which we had found after patrol one day, but he never showed. Then he started ignoring my calls and text and switched his patrol schedule and I couldn't for the life of me figure out what I had done wrong. Days turned into weeks and I still hadn't heard from him, but I didn't know what I could do to draw him out without putting on blast what was going on between us. Then one day, I was walking along the beach and I saw the reason why he was no longer speaking to me. My world came crashing down in one kiss. Yeah I know right he was kissing someone else (that wasn't even the part I was mad about either). I tried to turn around before either of them noticed me but the girl (that's what frustrated me to no end) called out to me and I had to acknowledge her or they would think something was wrong. "Hey guys. What's up?" I said nonchalantly. "Hi Jake." He stuttered. "Hello Jake. What ya doing right now? Care to join us?" she asked. "No that's alright; I don't want to intrude on the moment." I replied and turned to walk away. "You aren't intruding, we all are here Jake." Quil voice called from the other end of the beach where he was playing with Claire. "Sure, sure I don't mind Quil, I can help you and Claire make sand castles." I state running away from the happy couple before they have a chance to say anything else. The day got progressively worse as we approached the mandatory bonfire and I find out that she was indeed his imprint. I was very happy that they had found each other however, I was pissed the fuck off at him for not being able to tell me in person. Instead, he skulked and avoided me. This realization made me so mad that was the moment my heart started to crack and become cold. If only I had known I wasn't alone. *Six months later* Tonight Sam had requested we all be present at another bonfire when all I wanted to was go to sleep since I had just finished a double patrol. Walking in from patrol, I say hello to my sister and father before trudging up the stairs and hopping in the shower and changing for the bonfire. "Bye y'all, I will see you guys tomorrow don't wait up. We have a pack bonfire tonight." I yell as I walk out the front door. I hear my father and sister say goodbye as I start down to the beach. "Hey everybody." I receive hellos from everyone and the night starts off really good and I hang around my two best friends cracking up and goofing off. Then my baby brother, Seth comes over and joins us. He looks like I feel inside, just completely lost and confused. I am brought out of my revelry when Sam says there are some announcements to be made. Watching the man I love get up from his driftwood spot with his imprint hand in hand as they stand in front of the group, I knew that this would be the worse night of my life. "I asked her to marry me and she said yes. So everyone we are getting married. We want to ask all of you to participate in the wedding and be involved please." They both said joyously. I started to feel sick and my head started to spin, I knew I had to get out of there before anyone suspected a thing. I got up and congratulated them both and offered my help whenever it was needed. She hugged me and he said thanks. Afterwards, I slipped away while everyone was focused on them. Getting home I rushed to the bathroom and threw up for a few hours and passed out on the floor. It wasn't until the next morning when Sam bust open the door did I come to. "What's wrong, Jacob?" "Nothing I just overdid it last night. Thanks but I am good I will see you on patrol in an hour." Trying to seem like I wasn't panicking on the inside and ushered him out the bathroom so I could shower for patrol. "Okay if you say so. See you in an hour. Next time take it easier." He admonished while leaving out my house. I came up with a foolproof plan in the shower that day. Avoid him at all cost. I can still help when necessary and be cordial but I will never let myself fall for him again. "Today, I let you go. Goodbye my love." ~The week of the wedding~ I had been sticking to plan and it was working or so I thought. The week of his wedding he caught me alone coming off patrol in our meadow. "Phase now." He said to me as I came to a skid in front of him. Running behind a tree to phase and pull on my cutoffs, I emerge to see him sitting on a rock. "How may I help you?" keeping cool. "What the fuck is up with you is how you intend to treat me? Avoiding me at all cost and acting like you don't hear me when you might see me when we're alone hurts Jake." He screams. "Nothing is up. I am not avoiding you. I am treating you like everyone else." I replied. "But I am not everyone fucking else. I am me!" he states as he climbs off the rock and backs me into a tree in a swift movement. "And?" I ask him. I refuse to let him get to me. "And I know that I mean more to you than the rest." He grinds his groin against mine. "Go ahead and say what you have to say. I have a meeting I need to get to." I need to get to the Cullen mansion and finish making arrangements things are definitely too risky to stay here. "What the fuck, Jake? Is how it's going to be with us from now on? I want you, no I NEED YOU . Please let me in Jake." He pleaded. I lost all my will in that moment. Grabbing his face I pull him into a searing kiss that puts all of my anger and hate for his stupid imprint into it. He responds after a brief moment of shock and gives back all that I give to him and in that moment the world fades away. There are no imprints and no weddings and no heartbreak, instead it is just us. Somehow during the kiss he managed to remove all of our clothes because when we pull away he has laid us down and is looking in my eyes asking for permission. I simply nod not trusting my voice as of yet. "It has been so long, baby. I don't know how long I am gonna last. I promise to make it good baby." He states to me as he slides his finger in and I wince at the burn. He is right it's been forever and I missed this. Trying to stay in the headspace that he doesn't love me he just needs the release it starts to falter when he starts to whisper sweet nothings in my ear of love and gratitude. Sliding another finger in the burn increases until he finds my bundle of nerves and I scream out in pleasure. "No one can make you feel this good remember that Jake you're mine forever." He mutters in my ear as he continues to slide his member in me painfully slow until I am filled up to the hilt. I manage to get out only moans and incoherent babbles until I feel that familiar tightness and I know I am about to succumb to my release and from his grunts and cuss words I know he is too. "Nothing compares to this. Oh my. Fuck! So tight!" A few more pumps and his hand on my member and I spew cum all over the both of us. "AAAHAAAHAAAH" He releases his warm liquid inside me and passes out on me. I know I should get up but I can't find the strength to do so. I know I am fool to stick around knowing that this has changed nothing in my mind but my heart wants to believe in the impossible that he will leave and we can walk into the sunset with our own happy ever after. I should have known fate is a cruel mistress. When he comes to he slides out of me and walks over to the stream and cleans himself off. "I need to go meet the wedding planner about tuxedos. Make sure you have your measurements done today Jake we need them for the wedding." I have yet to say anything and I honestly don't think I will because