Disclaimer: I own absolutely nothing. J. K. Rowling and Warner Bros own the Potterverse, I'm just borrowing the characters for a while. Every Break Line means that the story has gone forward in time (in chronological order.) I was in deep, violent anger when I wrote this the first time. I came back and fixed some stuff. But I didn't spend much time refining the details, - I want it to look rough, real, and draft-like. A/N (13/05/2017): Thank you guys, for all your comments, favourites and follows. You are wonderful! Shadow Plays. At least Harry's all right, she reminded herself as she slid down the frozen fieldstone walls, scraping her back until she was sitting on the cobbled ground with her knees drawn towards her raging chest, arms circling it in a protective fashion and visage hidden in the depression between her legs. She saw a shadow from the corner of her eye and her heart broke in an experimental rhythm with the promise of imminent implosion, - she didn't want to face any other Dementor that night, - so she turned around, shakily, giving her back to pain and her tormentors. It was agonising as it could be, - to be compelled to reminisce every morose instant of her existence, - and she shivered and rubbed at her watery eyes, smearing fresco strokes of crimson blood across her nose and infraorbital. Quite indeed she had developed a habit of leaving crescendo paths in her palms as a way to cure her anxiety, - maintain her intrepidity, - and remain sane. And worrying her lower lip with a steady increment on the applied pressure to the point of drawing a tad of blood in a slow bite, she started rocking her heels in the natural dips between the pebbles embedded in the ground. Even if she couldn't be with them, Hermione dreamed of Harry and Ron destroying the remaining Horcruxes, - she hoped they won the battle... '' They have to, '' she said to herself in a whisper, - her voice was nasal, with her runny nose and low spirits. She smeared angrily the teardrops that contoured her face all about, in the hopes of drying her skin. ''My, my. Miss mud-girly is still alive and flying, it seems.'' A mocking, husky voice broke the silence and Hermione gave a little jump. Her heart did beat furiously, to the point that it hurt in her chest. The girl had been too immersed in the back of her mind, she had not realised the scintillating Lumos that was aimed at her pale face, nor the trademark and very heavy gait of the woman whose face was peering at her with curiosity. '' Filth - girl.'' The woman tried to get Hermione's attention with a snap of her fingers. But the girl kept on ignoring her, looking at her own bloodied palms. ''Get up.'' Nothing happened. ''Come on up, now!'' Hermione Granger, the girl sitting on the stony ground, sent a defiant look to the nasty woman. Immediately, the stench of Fetor Oris washed over her, permeating her senses. It was only natural, the woman was an eater of death, after all. But she knew the real reason. Her thoughts could not wander far because a pair of fierce, piercing black eyes were looking straight into her soul. It resembled a space-time singularity, daring her to step too close, look into dark pools before being drawn into an early, painful death in the event horizon. ''What for? I'm as useless to you sitting here as I'd be standing. I don't know where Harry and Ron went,'' she muttered in a hoarse fashion after a while, as though she had not spoken in years – perhaps, years was hyperbolical by itself, months was more like it. What she knew, however, was that her throat and head were asking for water; dehydration was another terrible way to die, the eyes would harden, the body would simply... Before she knew what was happening a pair of hands, with digging nails, were holding her biceps and helping her up with such brutal force she yelped like a bitch, for lack of a more suitable word, - she wasn't one to curse. Although she shouldn't have been surprised for finding herself standing, - simply because Bellatrix Lestrange was a force to be reckoned. Especially when angered. The woman lowered her head, almost pinning the girl's nose against her own and glowered at the muggle born's sass, pushing the girl against the cold, hard wall in one swift movement – perhaps, it was the outcome of her less than stellar nutrition. She wished she could send an orison to Pendragon to kill her, if only she believed in God. In any god… Religious people were lucky – the luckiest – unfortunately, she was bestowed upon, at an early age, the curse of scepticism. ''Do as I say, mudblood! If they – '' the woman nodded in form of acknowledgement, at a passing ward. And by them she meant the Carrows, '' – see I cannot control you, they'll take you away from me . Would you fancy that?'' Bellatrix whispered angrily, her hot breath caressing the muggle born's cheeks along with the humidity, angry drops of acidic saliva left in their wake. ''Because I wouldn't. You are my prize.'' No . She sighed. And in that moment, Hermione could only shake her head and put on a mask of sheer horror at the prospect. Honestly, she did not want to be taken elsewhere, but a part of her was only looking forwards to getting a rise out of the witch. Sometimes she would let her basic instincts do all the talking, - see how far she could go before... She flinched in pain when Bellatrix bit her earlobe and dug her nails in her tender forearms. Hermione Granger had never been a defenceless girl; but when confronted with the big bad Death Eater, a part of her would lend her all the control, her ferocity, everything to the older woman to do as she pleased, - perhaps Hermione really needed to take back the reigns of her life. Although, what else could she do in her situation? She could only cry herself numb right before going to bed, - although sleep was usually elusive. Otherwise, it would earn her some blows and kicks from the mocking Carrows. It was only around Bellatrix that she was really safe from the rest of the cruel followers of Voldemort. Steps coming closer reverberated through the fortress. And Hermione's fine ears caught on screeching brothers, probably laughing at her unfavourable situation – she still thought they sounded like dying pigs, – as they passed by her cell; the sound of their heavy souls carrying through the emptiness of the corridors. And yet the only sound besides their terrible cackles and insulting words was that of Bellatrix's sucking on her tender, rouge neck. It was as derogatory as it was painful, but only when they were out of sight and out of earshot did the woman release her, - her ruby-red lips full of saliva detached from Hermione's cervix with almost a pop, - and it had Hermione wondering for a minute whether it had been a vein or the sound of a plosive consonant breaking into the air. Silence . They looked at one another but their lips didn't move. That was until Bellatrix heaved a sigh, meeting Hermione's hazel eyes. A tender thumb soothed the swollen section of skin that covered the girl's pulse point, which jolted erratically, - anxious. The dark witch sighed again as her fingers voyaged through the skin of Hermione's smirched infraorbital, voyaged over her cheekbones, sojourned towards her jaw, caressed the swell of her lips and tapped the curve under her chin, where the woman found purchase with her nails, tilting Hermione's face to her level, locking her dark gaze with those angry, clear eyes that dared to look at her with insurgency. It didn't last long for Bellatrix to journey from angry eyes to the girl's cracked lips and hunger oozed through half-lidded eyes. ''You haven't eaten yet, have you?'' Hermione broke her out of her trance. The Dark Witch lifted her gaze to meet the girl's eyes with her eyebrows raised, perhaps mockingly, ''how did you know?'' She asked with gauntness splotched all over her face. ''Oh, don't act surprised,'' Hermione said with a forced grin and a little wave to the quality of her voice – one that would probably stay with her for as long as her anxieties lived. Even when a part of her wanted, to be honest, and say that the woman's breath acquired a particularly nasty odour when she didn't imbibe water or masticated aliments , – but what could a woman cursed with bad breath do, in the end? ''You've been skipping your lunches as of late,'' she said instead. On the other hand, a part of her, the one that she hated to acknowledge, was happy that the woman was bringing edible food with her, ignoring her, dare she say, comrades, to bring her presence into her cell and eat with her. To have someone to speak with, felt good. Even if she disliked her fellow guest most of the time. She abhorred Bellatrix, but she was grateful at the same time. It was cognitive dissonance roaming free in her mind. It was alright, she could deal with it . After all, she wouldn't change Bellatrix for anyone else in that moment, even if their relationship had started off on the wrong foot , - or feet and hands or, perhaps, whole body. In a way needed the woman: it was the only source of sanity between the brethren and the soulless beings dancing in their dark robes, eating away at her soul. Bellatrix looked amused by something unbeknownst to Hermione. "Let's dine. We shall entertain ourselves later," was said with a flourish sway of her casting arm. Hermione only nodded, - and her stomach rumbled. At least she would be tortured on a full stomach. Bellatrix raised her wand and pointed it to the open door, '' Accio basket.'' A beautifully crafted wicker basket came floating to the woman's outstretched fingers, a smirk in her old, beautiful and nasty face. ''I brought apples and strawberries, your favourite fruits if I recall correctly,'' the woman said with a thoughtful look. In fact, those weren't Hermione's favourite. They were Bellatrix's. And Hermione knew that this was another manipulation tactic, - she had read somewhere about them. But still, it felt nice, to eat something besides tasteless, elf-made porridge. Her heart felt heavy in her chest. Too much pleasure could only mean one thing... And her nails were digging once again into her palms. ''May I?'' ''If she isn't such a well-mannered pet!'' Mocked Bellatrix as sat on her cloak, - the woman never cared much for her clothes. ''I said we shall play after you've eaten... so hurry up, - come on open up now." The threat present under a fake, caring voice. And Hermione could only nod as she reached out for bread. ''Oh, - I do insist that you eat your favourites first.'' And Hermione wanted to cry, - because she was fed strawberries and apples when she would've preferred the meats and sausages. X-X-X-X ''Crucio!'' Her leaden tears resounded against the cobbled ground when gravity dragged them downward leaving wet, itchy streaks on her skin. In fact, the droplets felt icy against the swell of her cheek and the tip of her nose, and on her tender hide, they felt like knives in search for blood. Eventually, she mustered enough strength to raise her hand to smear the humidity all around, - sadly, a thing about crying was that no matter how hard you tried, the reddened eyes, the wet lashes and the glossy eyes were a giveaway. No one could cry in