Esia Emberly, 26- Assistant Head Gamemaker for the 26 th Hunger Games Esia sits herself down in a slouching position on her plush leather chair, clutching a piping hot mug of coffee tightly in her hands, making them sting. She glances curiously around the circular plaster pale room, where machine like men and women in ghostly cloaks are tapping away vigorously, no doubt coming up with more clever ways to end children's lives. Or some allow themselves a few seconds to lift their heads up from their screens to shoot her a glare filled with spite and poison, which happens to her all the time nowadays. Everybody knows, including Esia, that she doesn't deserve this job. She had only joined the gamemakers team last year, the year of the first quarter quell. She showed no interest in the mindless slaughtering of tributes, in fact, it sends shivers down her spine every time she has to boom that cannon, as it's her job. No, she joined the team simply because she wants a comfortable, wealthy Capitol life with her six year old daughter Hope, which was given to her from being a Gamemaker. Things began getting even better at the start of this year's games season, when Head Gamemaker Archibald, the one that everybody secretly despised with passion, informed her that he had a certain liking to her, and gave her the promotion to Assistant head gamemaker. There were numerous benefits to this promotion, the wage of an assistant Head Gamemaker was enough to purchase a lavishing penthouse apartment on Presidential approach, with balcony views stretching all the way to District one, Esia was so overwhelmed, that for a brief moment she forgot who Archibald was altogether, and leapt up from her chair and planted a kiss on his icy lips. Though seconds later, she came back to her senses, and burst out of the room in utter revulsion. But there was something about that short but icy kiss, that was different from any of her others, and not necessarily in a negative way. Esia finds herself rapidly fluttering her eyelashes into motion, letting out a yawn and outstretching her arms, making the plump balding man situated to the left of her popcorn with shock when her hand makes contact with his bloated stomach, and she jerks her hand away in a hurry. How could she be so utterly useless? She thought, sleeping on the job, at this prime time in the game? There are only 6 tributes left. She knew she must be the worst gamemaker in Hunger Games history. She glances towards the main telescreen on the wall, where currently the particularly unhinged district ten girl is stumbling around on the chalky white stones (This year's arena is full of nothing but stones. It was Esia who came up with the idea. It was disapproved of by the majority of the other gamemakers, because the tributes had nowhere to hide, and there was no plant life. But, Esia was the one in power.) She is currently about two hundred metres away from the cornucopia, which she is heading towards. She had other tribute's blood dripping down her arms, and the red liquid coated her axe. Her uniform is all ripped and torn, as she had bitten through it, and this girl had ripped off half of what was once her beautiful auburn brown hair. She gnashed her teeth violently as she continued towards the cornucopia, craving for a 6th kill. Esia shuddered, the games really can change people. Esia zooms out to get a view of the whole arena, and to find out where the other five, all male, tributes were. Well, four really, as the boy from twelve (It was really unusual for a district twelve tribute to make the final six.) had just been unluckily bitten to death by a particularly venomous tarantula, which had been hiding away in the stones, and is currently being lifted from the arena. Esia lets out a small gasp of horror , she forgot to sound his cannon. Oh no, she is in charge of the cannons, and she completely let herself down. She quickly presses the button to sound it, and feels a slight blush starting to appear on her face when the others start to glare again, good thing Archibald is distracted at the minute, so he hasn't noticed her failure. She decides she can't stand it anymore, so shoots them all daggers back. That gets them back to work. Aside from the district ten girl, the other four tributes left are the boy from one and two, who are both teamed up and looking fairly well, despite the fact that they are only armed with a weapon each and are running very low on water. They are about a kilometre north of the cornucopia, and don't look intent on moving at the moment. The boy from 9, who is on his way to the cornucopia from a completely different direction, and has nothing but an empty backpack for protection. This will make an interesting fight , Esia thinks, even though she would usually despise that way of thinking. And finally, there's the boy from 3, the one who revealed on live, national television that he kills innocent district 3 citizens for the sake of his experiments. He is right at the edge of the arena, currently experimenting how many stones it takes to choke a lizard to death. He is currently in best form right now, armed to the teeth with swords, first aid kits, food and water. The games have been going on for fifteen days, it's about time they were ended. The Capitol citizens are getting really bored and wrestles, edging for a bloody finale. Esia needs to give them one, but how? She had two ideas, one was to get mutts to chase the tributes all closer together, and they could fight it out from there. But that happens too frequently in finales, and is considered to be utterly tedious and boring by Capitol standards. The other idea was to create an avalanche out of the stones, which would lift all the stones up off the ground and the tributes would have no alternative choice than to dash at full pelt towards the cornucopia. She could then set some carnivorous mutts on the tributes in the finale, to give the Capitol even more reason to be thrilled. But if she was completely honest, she didn't know what she was doing. How were you supposed to get the stones to do what she wanted them to do? She has no clue. She could always ask the man to her right, although asking somebody lower down the ranks, even if they were three decades older than Esia, for assistance wouldn't go down too well, she is supposed to be the one helping them. The only one in this room that she could possibly request help from would be Archibald, who is currently standing at the edge of the room near the exit, as if blocking it so nobody will attempt to leave the room. But the one thing that irks Esia is who is standing with him, her hands perched comfortably on his shoulders. Sapphire. They are both in fits of laughter, passionately flirting. Esia could swear she has never actually seen Archibald doing some work, even though she couldn't say much on that matter. But the thing that irks her the most is that he has to be flirting with Sapphire. She despises Esia, and the feeling is mutual. Sapphire made Esia's school life hell, and is constantly taunting her in some way. It always seems like her main priority in life is to make Esia's live a living nightmare. But Esia needs Archibald to be with her now, for the sake of the 26th Hunger Games. "Archibald" Shouts Esia stiffly, making all the other gamemakers lift their noses up from their work. But Sapphire is the one to answer her first. "Shut your face troll, Archi wants me at the moment, not you, don't you Archibaldy?" Archibald remain silent, gazing at Esia with concern. "Be quiet you, or I'll knock those hideous fake gems off your ugly face. Anyway, get out, you're not a gamemaker, are you?" Esia gets a sensational feeling coming to her, to finally be able stand up to Sapphire. "THEY ARE NOT FAKE! Well neither are you. Not a proper one anyway, judging by the things this lot say about you." She gestures towards the other gamemakers in the room, who all remain deadly silent, a couple of the more unbearable ones with smirks plastered across their faces. Luckily, Archibald chips in before things become out of hand. "Be quiet, the pair of you. You're like a couple of tributes grappling over a backpack. Sapphire, you can go now, I'll see you once this is finally over. Esia, what's the matter now? " Sapphire looks appalled, that it's Esia getting the attention and not her, and slams the door hard, the clonking sound of her heels going down the corridor echoing around the room. Archibald jogs toward her desk. He is almost as disliked as Esia was herself, and she could see why. He has a seriously stern, unapproachable look on his face, and his brows are inwardly furrowed, and they haven't been surgically altered unlike the majority of the Capitol. His wide russet brown eyes stare menacingly into yours, but Esia knows that he doesn't mean to look like that, it's just his natural look. Though Esia isn't too keen on his close-cropped greying hair, couldn't he at least add a little dye to it? She is knocked out of her daydream "So, what's the matter Esia, I hope it's something good, as I was enjoying my time with Sapphire there?" Esia tries her absolute hardest not to shoot him a glare, and thankfully for hr, succeeds. He would often say the odd insensitive thing from time to time, and not bother to consider the possible consequences. "O-oh, I just w-wanted to d-decrease the size of the arena, by m-m-making the stones mount up and chase the tributes to the cornu-u-copia, l-like a tsunami t-that destroyed the r-rest of the world. Do you think you could do it for me?" She privately curses herself, she sounded like a godforsaken child begging her mother for a new dress. "What, you want me to do the work for you, is that what you're saying? Okay then, I'll do what you wanted me to do with the stones, that's actually a good idea. On one condition." Esia begins to building up in the pit of her stomach, what condition could this possibly be? "I want you design a new and effective mutt to join in with the finale. You need to prove your worth to our new Present Coralnius, as he's already having doubts about you. He says that you better make this finale get all the Capitol audience on their feet, or you're in trouble. You know what that means, don't you?" Esia gulps down her ever-growing nerves, and nods rapidly. "Good" Says Archibald. "I believe in you, Make Snow proud, I don't want you to face the alternative." He quickly walks away and heads towards the exit, probably to coax round Sapphire. She opens her mouth to say thank you, but no words manage to come out. Her vision begins to blur with tears, she didn't have a clue how to design a mutt, let alone an effective one, and nobody could help her. I'm in trouble , she thinks, deep trouble. Mason Crag, District 2 male- The arena (1 st Person) "Hey Mason, I bet you'll never guess what I've managed to find." Smirks Harker, with one of his hands hidden behind his back, while he twirls his sword around in a defensive position in his other hand, perhaps wondering if I'll lash out at him, like I did in