Title: Forevermore Summary: Harry Potter is looking for the girl he supposedly loves, not knowing where to go he meets a girl who changes his life completely. A/N: This is my first story so please feel free to give reviews, if you want you can also send me a private message. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter in anyway. He belongs with Ginny Weasley and Both generally belong to J.K Rowling. Harry Potter walked hopelessly around Diagon Alley in hopes that he can find Cho Chang, his girlfriend. He was not accustomed to being in London for his godfather Sirius Black took him to France when his parents died. He was prophesied to defeat Tom Riddle when he was a child and all he knows is just how to fight Death Eaters and dark wizards. He has yet to know about witches his age and it seemed that Cho was the only girl for him (Just because dating options were quite limited that time). He met Cho in France the summer of 1993 and there he began to know her. She studied at Hogwarts, School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and so every summer since then he began falling for her, and he asked her to be his girlfriend two summers later and somehow she severed contact with him and here he is looking for her not knowing where to look in the first place. He continued walking around aimlessly and heard a crack of appartion so sudden it happened just directly in front of him. He let out a deep grunt and tumbled down to the ground pulling the wizard or witch with him. "Oomf!" "I am so sorry!" A feminine voice apologized. He swerved his head to where the witch fell with him and saw a girl about his age with red flaming run down her back. She pulled herself up and offered him her hand. He gave her a look of disdain and took her offered hand. "I'm sorry! I was apparating just directly in front of you and it seemed that you were just walking and-" the red head rambled and seeing no reason for him to get mad he raised his hand to stop her useless rambling and said, "Honestly its fine, unless you can find a place for me to stay an apology is just fine." The woman stared at him for a moment and seconds that turned to minutes she finally replied. "Well thank you for accepting my apology but I have to go and maybe if we somehow meet once more I may treat you to a drink." She turned around to walk to Flourish and Blotts, her red mane of hair swinged behind her. Harry watched her retreating back disappear into the book shop and Harry continued on. He stopped by Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream parlor to get a bowl of the cold dessert. He ordered a treacle tart flavored one and sat down on a small round table all by himself. He ate little dollops of ice cream slowly and time seemed to move a lot slower than he could imagine. The small bell resounded in the shop signifying that there was a new customer and Harry didn't bother lifting his head and continued to eat his ice cream. Light steps could be heard coming his way and a shadow he saw in the corner of his eye stopped directly in front of him. "It's you again," Harry lifted his head the saw the red head standing in front of him holding a bowl of ice cream. "May I?" The girl asked politely, gesturing to the chair in front of him. "Of course," Harry replied. "It seems that we have met twice and I have yet to know your name," she began. Harry hesitated for a moment, considering what might happen if he does. Either she will fangirl right it front of him or she will take it with no problem like a decent human being. "Harry Potter. My name is Harry Potter." The girl stared at him in surprise and he braced himself for any exagerrated reaction from her and for a few seconds nothing happend and he looked at her, shocked that she hasn't made any violent reaction. "Hello Harry, I'm Ginny Weasley," She introduced herself. Weasley? Harry inwardly thought. The Weasleys played a major role in the war, having majority of its members part of the Order of the Phoenix, a secret organization to help in the downfall of Lord Voldemort. "Is your brother Bill Weasley?" Harry inquired. "Yes, one of the five of my brothers," she informed. "Five? Last time I heard there were six boys and one girl." upon hearing this a pained expression covered her delicate face. "Oh." Immediately Harry begun to regret his question. "It's okay if you don't want to talk about it," He blurted. Ginny smiled at him for his consideration and Harry felt his heart beating a little bit faster than before. "It's no problem, thanks anyway for being considerate but I think the more we talk about Fred the easier it would become to handle his death." She looked at him in the eye and he felt a sense of admiration for the read head in front of him. Harry lost Sirius in the midst of a battle with Bellatrix Lestrange. And it has been a sore subject for him in the last couple of years. "Fred got killed by Agustus Rookwood during the battle at Hogwarts and my brother, George, His twin took it harder than the rest of us." She faced her ice cream bowl, both of his and her ice cream long forgotten. She refused to look him in the eye. "At least we avenged your brother, Ginny; That is one of the things that mattered the most," She smiled at him gratefully. "Rookwood, the evil little bastard was killed by Percy, the moment Rookwood had killed Fred, Percy with no hesitation chased after Rookwood to avenge Fred." "Still, Ginny I'm sorry for your loss." "No matter, Harry that is all in the past now. The war one way or another took something from us. If not it left something negative." she gave him a smile and without any thought he gave her one back. "Why have you returned Harry? Why go back here? Rumours has it that you hate the thought of going back here." she claimed. Why am I here again? He asked himself. Cho. I am here for Cho . For the past hour Harry forgot why he was here in the first place. Ginny seemed to make him forget for a moment why he came back. "I am looking for my girlfriend, Cho Chang. Do you know her?" He explained to Ginny. "But I still can't find a place to stay though," He admitted. "Cho Chang? Can't say I don't but we never really talked much." She felt her heart drop a little. Just a little. Of course Harry Potter had a girlfriend. How can the saviour of the Wizarding World not have one? Harry jumped at the thought of Ginny knowing Cho. "Really? Do you know where she is?" He bursted out. "l do not know her personally but my friends say she travels back and forth from country to country, you see, she is a designer and she's having this internship with some bloke and will return this March," said Ginny. March? It's still Febuary, he has to wait a month? A dissapointed frown came upon his face at the relevation. "Do you at least know where she lives?" He asked in a resigned tone. Ginny smiled sympathetically at Harry. "Sorry I don't, but one of my brothers can help you with that and for your living station I might help you with that." He raised his head. "Really? Where?" He tried to stay at the Leaky Cauldron but it was too rowdy for him at night by rowdy meaning all those one nighters that make him extremely uncomfortable. She nodded. "I bought an apartment in Muggle London and I've got three rooms there." Harry considered the pros and cons of this living situations and since he knows no one else here he agreed. "But, before that," she interrupted. "Do you know how to live like a muggle?" Harry was taken back by the question. Yes, He knew how to live like a muggle. In fact he and Sirius were quite accustomed to living in away from the Wizard Community in Paris to hide themselves from Death Eaters. "Yes, I do," he said cautiously. "Good!" She grinned and Harry looked at her lips, plump and red. He felt his heart flutter. And he noticed just now how gorgeous Ginny was. Her hair cascaded down her back and her cheekbones perfectly pronounced and her eyes were a warm chocolate brown that seemed to sink into his. He realized he is living with her. A girl. Remember Cho, Harry? Your girlfriend , His subconscious taunted. "Harry?" Ginny waved. He was brought back to reality and answered with a dumb. "huh?" Ginny just giggled at him. And his stupid heart fluttered once more. Why in the name of Merlin's stinky underpants does his heart keep fluttering? He's pretty sure his heart does not have wings. "I said, I'll let you stay with me if you teach me how to live like a muggle. I want to stay away from Wizards for a while." He noticed she emphasized in the term wizards. "Wizards? Why?" He questioned. "Men are slightly annoying me right now and my mum wants me to settle down now. She keeps trying to set me up with her friends' sons But I can't find the right guy if wizards keep pestering me in all the wrong ways; I want to find a guy for myself not my mum well, in her case she would be delighted when I've made the decision to get married," She admitted. Wait, I'm a guy. Why live with me? Harry did not know he said this out loud until Ginny replied, "You have a girlfriend Harry, I'm pretty sure you wouldn't cheat." Even she knows that he has a girlfriend. His subconsious taunted. Idiot! Cho! I have Ginny! He reminded. Not Cho! It's Ginny! I mean Cho not Ginny Damnit! He hasn't even lived with the Ginny yet she is already destroying his mind. He had a frustrated look on his face that he is pretty sure looks like he is constipated. He gave her a smile and said, "I really appreciate what you're doing for me Gin." Ginny felt her cheeks flush slightly at the nickname Harry gave her unintentionally and replied, "The best I could do for a friend. When do you wan't to move in?" "Is today possible?" She nodded. "I had all the room decorated weeks before I moved in so I think you can just choose out of the two rooms there." The apartment turned out to be quite large with two large rooms and one medium sized one. He chose the large sized room decorated to the Gryffindor house colors according to Ginny which was red with a gold outline at the corners and a extremely comfortable bed situated in the middle of the room. "I'll leave you to it then?" He gave her a nod and she left the room, the click of the door heard. He lay down on his bed and sighed. Few days in London and he has most of his problems solved. This proved that waiting for Cho would be easier than it seems. Boy, was he wrong. Ginny sometimes forgets that they lived together now that sometimes she walked out of her room in her nightgown. The silky fabric swaying against her creamy legs. Not that he was looking. Every once in a while he had to remind himself that he had Cho. It was another morning when Ginny went out of the shower