Robin's Song "A hundred Gil, take it or leave it." The graying apothecarist crossed his arms at peered over his glasses at the scruffy boy in front of him. Twelve-year-old Robin almost dropped his bag in shock. "But licorice root has always been worth twenty per ounce!" he protested, but he might as well been arguing with a brick wall for it did because the austere man refused to back down. "Well demand's gone down this season and it's only worth ten. If you have a problem with that go elsewhere," he snapped and pointed to the door. Robin glowered at him beneath his twitching brow. He knew the herbs were worth twenty but the apothecarist was only trying to rip him off because he was a kid. If it was Raven he wouldn't try to bargain me down, he thought angrily. A familiar stab of pain went through his chest when he thought of his brother and for a moment sadness flashed across his young face. There was a rustle as a pale hand pulled back the curtain from from the back room and the apothecarist's daughter emerged. Lovely as freshly fallen snow her angelic face was like something out of a picture, almost too beautiful for grim District 12. Having heard the commotion she turned pleadingly to her father. "Please father, you know Robin's lost his brother and-" A sharp whistling sound flew across the room and Robin flinched on instinct but the smack wasn't intended for him. It wasn't just the community home kids that came to school with bruises and angry red marks on their skin. Everybody knew that old man Keyton took out his anger on his family for the brash man never bothered hiding his demeanor. Rarely did he ever smile and cold-hearted Mrs Keyton, if anything was worse. Ruth's eyes went wide and she raised a hand hesitantly to her face. Robin looked away in embarrassment, but to her credit she didn't cry. In some ways she was stronger than him, and he had a grudging respect for her because of that. Disgusted by the apothecarist, Robin grabbed the money from the counter and ducked out of the store, the violent jingling of the bell at the door ringing behind him as he took off running down the street. . The next day at school he noticed a dark mottled purple-blue bruise on her cheek. She was more quiet and withdrawn as usual, even when her friend Maysilee gave her a hug and whispered something in her ear. Robin leaned in but he couldn't hear what they were saying, he was sitting too far away from them at the back of the class. After all, that's where the other kids from the Seam always sat. The merchant kids kept to themselves usually at the front of the class near the windows, a small smudge of gold against a sea of coal. Robin stared at the wall to the right and tapped his pencil against his book, imaging the swaying trees of the forest veiled by encroaching night. While the teacher droned on about coal byproducts, the girl beside him tapped his leg. "Psst, Robin," she hissed before furtively tossing a square folded note onto his desk. He grabbed the note before the teacher could see and wondered who it was for before seeing his own name scrawled on the top. Who could it be from? he wondered, he didn't have any friends to pass notes with. Robin made sure the teacher had the back to the class before unfolding the note under the desk. The first thing that he noticed was the neat cursive handwriting which meant the note came from a girl. Dear Robin, meet me at the old oak tree after school at 4. -Ruth Before he could puzzle out the meaning of the note the bell rang and he hastily stuffed it in his bag to head to his next class. For the rest of the day he wondered why Ruth would want to meet him, and in the end it was curiosity that brought him to the old oak tree. After school he hovered awkwardly, wondering if it was just a cruel joke and Ruth was actually laughing at him behind his back with her friends over the stupid community home boy. With increasing agitation he couldn't think of a reason that a merchant girl would actually want to meet him. But no, Ruth wasn't that like, that she was nice, the kind of girl who rescued stray kittens and left hand-knit hats outside for whoever needed them to take. She wouldn't stand him up, would she? Robin didn't have a wristwatch so he glanced at the elongating shadow of the tree, trying to gauge the time and figure out if she was late. He allowed a few more minutes to pass before deciding to return to the community home when he heard a voice crying his name from behind. "Robin! I'm sorry, did I keep you waiting long?" she panted. "I had to run an errand right after school and it took longer than I thought." "No, it's fine," he said, half lying, half happy to see her. "What did you want to talk to me about?" Ruth pulled out an envelope from her satchel and handed to him with both hands. "Here. After you left father felt so badly about the way he treated you that he wanted to make up the difference." Her hopeful smile against her ugly bruise told him everything. He held up a hand to refuse to envelope. "I don't need your charity," he replied curtly. There was a better chance of being hit by a meteor than old man Keyton ever feeling bad about his behaviour, Ruth must have taken it out of her own pocket money and there was no way he was going to put himself in her debt. "Oh but Robin," her face crumpled. "Keep your money," he said. "I don't need it." Robin turned away and began back to the community home, but a strange feeling gnawed at him. Looking back, he could see the hurt expression on Ruth's face before she sharply turned away. A strange feeling hit him in the stomach, but he had no idea what it was. The next day at school there was a second note on his desk. He sighed and unfolded it under his textbook. The Capitol doctor in town wants to get into traditional medicine. -Ruth Happiness fluttered in his chest like a butterfly but quickly turned into lead when he realized he still owed Ruth for the information. After all, nothing came free in District 12. Later he would have to find a way to say thank you, but what could he possibly give her in return? . In front of his brother's grave he sat cross-legged with his head resting on his hands and stared at the solemn grey tombstone. "Raven, what do girls like?" he asked, even though he knew there would be no answer. He sat quietly, listening to the gusts of wind as it swirled around the sharp edges of the granite. Even if there was no reply it made him feel better to talk aloud. Raven was older and wiser and always had an answer for everything. If only he were alive he would know, he would tell Robin what Ruth would like and the right things to say and do. But Raven wasn't, and there was no one to teach him how to be a man. Since the birth of Panem, Spring Harmony Day celebrated more than just the beginning of spring. The day symbolized new beginnings, a new farming season, and new love. To celebrate this day, boys would give small gifts to girls, both potential love interests and also to female family and friends. The shy and introverted also took advantage of the day, finding solidarity in the expected sea of rejections, their torment softened by the holiday. For weeks Robin had thought long and hard about what he could possibly give to Ruth. He finally decided on a bracelet made with glass beads that he bought with money traded for three fish and a squirrel. With the gift safely in his pocket, Robin approached Ruth early in the morning as she talked with friends; however, overcome by shyness, he hesitated when he neared her desk. At the last second he hesitated, suddenly feeling shy. It shouldn't be that hard, he scolded himself, all he had to do was hand it to her casually and say, "Happy Spring Harmony Day," that was it. He was still repeating the words in his head when he felt someone stride past him and stop at Ruth's desk. "Happy Spring Harmony Day!" chirped Dannel Mellark, stealing the lines that Robin had agonized in his head over and over with ease. Ruth smiled shyly at him. "Thank you, Dannel." Seeing how the hopeful boy remained at her side, Ruth felt obliged to open her gift. She tugged at the ribbon to reveal a batch of frosted heart-shaped sugar cookies topped with coarse brown sugar. "Go ahead, try one!" She picked up a cookie and bit into it daintily. "Oh it's delicious! Did you make it yourself?" "Yep. I made them just for you," the friendly baker beamed. Robin felt in his pocket and suddenly realized how shabby his own cheap gift was in comparison. Dannel turned around as if just noticing him. "Oh Robin, did you have something to give Ruth something as well? I'm not surprised, she's pretty popular," he chuckled. The baker's son had spoken the truth, for on her desk, gifts from hopeful admirers lay stacked and were in danger of sliding to the floor. "No," he muttered and looked away, not caring if they thought he was rude. Before anyone could say something he walked back to his desk and laid his head on his outstretched arms, feeling unexplainably frustrated. . "Raven, how can you tell if a girl likes you?" He was cross-legged once again, one hand propped against his chin. Raven had claimed he wasn't interested in girls but Robin knew they were interested in him, he could tell by the way girls were always hanging around, begging him to walk to them to school and hinting that he would make a good husband while Robin watched their subtle flirtations and tried not to feel jealous. But then again Raven was taller and stronger and more handsome than he was. The one thing that Robin had over his brother was his singing. A rustle in the trees bordering the metal fence caught his attention, and a group of mockingjays peeped out from the swaying branches. He gave a slight smile and began to sing. 'I loved a maid like summer, with sunshine in her hair' The sound of approaching footsteps on the cobblestone path startled Robin. He turned to find Ruth hovering hesitantly, an awestruck expression on her pretty features. A gust of wind swept through the cemetery, blowing against her skirts and sweeping her hair back. In that moment it was as if the clouds had suddenly parted, because all Robin could see was her light. "That was beautiful," she whispered. "Thanks." Robin looked away awkwardly. He was suddenly embarrassed, as if she had invaded his privacy by learning one of his secrets. His singing was reserved for people he liked, and for the longest time that group consisted of his brother and the mockingjays. A very long, awkward silence stretched as they stared at each other. "What are you doing here?" he asked bluntly. "I was actually looking for you." Glancing out at the forest, Ruth pressed a lily-white hand against her reddening face. "Um, we're running low on milk thistle at the apothecary. Did you see any growing?" "Yeah I did, do you want me to get some for you?" He got up and dusted off his