It's always an elevator. Sometimes it's a Capitol elevator, like in one of the fancy buildings where they keep the Tributes. Elevators made of glass so you look like you're flying as it takes you up up up. But more often, it's one like in the mines. Like you're in a cage, descending down the devil's throat, as the miners down at the Hob call it. The ones who still smile and talk and laugh. The younger ones, like Gale and Thom. This time, the elevator is all sleek steel. She doesn't want to take it (she doesn't trust it), but it's the only way down. And she needs to get down from here. The building might crumble at any moment. She knows it. So she steps in. The elevator doors remain open for a long moment, blithely inviting any other prey. She remains alone. With a chirp, the doors close at last, and the elevator begins to descend. She hears a countdown, the opening cannon. …89…88…87… Then the elevator screeches and gives a sickening lurch. Katniss catches herself on the handrails. For a beat, the world stills. She's eying the doors, silver teeth, when the elevator pitches again, throwing her to the ground. With a final scream, it's free-falling, plummeting her to her death. The numbers blur now into one long stream…7574737271 All she can do is crouch and watch the walls whip by, striations of rock that take her deeper and deeper into the mouth of hell. The walls of the elevator seem to constrict, until she's in a capsule barely big enough for her body. She can't breathe, can't scream. She just falls and falls and falls. …3…2…1… She wakes, shooting up and scrabbling about to get her bearings. Incongruous sunlight bathes her face, and a soft, warm body rumbles a sleepy threat when Katniss flails against it. Looking more closely, she sees that the body is Prim. Prim's not a morning person. For a while, Katniss sits back against her pillow and just breathes, lets the panic and the dream recede. Her mouth is sour, her hair stringy against her neck. But she's safe in her bed, safe in the Seam. It's just the dream. The dream she's had hundreds of times, hundreds of nights. It doesn't mean anything. Then she remembers what today is. Katniss is unsettled, distracted all morning, spilling first her oats, then her water as she and Prim get ready for school. She re-braids her hair three times before it's neat enough to wear, and even then she settles for one of her more simple variations, looped about and pinned up so the uneven doesn't show. She's never been so all-thumbs, and she catches Mother and Prim sharing a secret smile. At this, her mood sours further. They think they understand. It's the last week of school, and then only a few weeks until Katniss turns eighteen. Only a few more weeks until she's free from a final Reaping forever, free to choose a vocation. Or a husband. Prim has already been teasing her about having senioritis (as though Katniss has ever been anything but lethargic toward school), and Mother has been dropping subtle hints that can only point to one thing. They're just vague enough that Mother could claim innocence, but Mother doesn't usually talk about summer flowers or a visit to the tailor, so. Change is in the wind. It tastes like bitterbark. One last week of school, and then the Hawthornes and the Everdeens will have their celebratory meal on Saturday, like they do every year after school ends. Mother has been dropping hints about this, too. As if there's even a remote possibility that Gale will try anything in front of so many people. But these are her people, their people, this is family, so you never know. Mother and Prim certainly anticipate. If Gale knows what's good for him, he'll propose out in the woods. Where there are no people. And preferably after she's tucked away her bow. But she doesn't want to think about that, doesn't want to think about Gale or proposals or even the future. So she thinks about today instead. Today is the mines. In the final week of school, the scholars of District 12 get the dubious pleasure of taking their annual field trip to the mines. They start going down there in middle school, where they're old enough not to wet their pants and cry for their mommy but still young enough to be impressionable (Gale's words). Graduating seniors get to go on a special trip of their own, to a different part of the mine than the younger kids. "It's subliminal brainwashing," Gale rants. "Release us from school on an exciting trip down to see what our daddies and mommies do all day. Show us all the fun parts, like the well-ventilated upper levels and the piles of sorted minerals and the yellow miner's hats with the lights on them. Make sure everyone's well-fed that day with treats like bread and meat and hey, maybe even a pinch of sugar, what a rush—" "Shut up," Katniss says at that point because if she doesn't, this could go on for a while. Gale says this now, but she remembers what he was like the first day he'd gone down into the mines himself, already so tall and so wise, swearing to her afterward that he'd seen the Blind Man, from the cautionary tale of an old miner who'd gone mad in the dark and had morphed into something not quite human. Of course, that was before the explosion, back when she and Gale still made jokes about the mines. Before those same mines ripped their fathers from them and left them on the brink of starvation. So Katniss hates the mines. Hates how they make people look and how they smell and how they've taken father and now Gale. Oh, Gale's still alive, sure, but it's not the same. When he turned eighteen and went to work in the mines, everything changed. Given his demanding hours, Gale can no longer walk her and Prim home from school. He can hunt with her only once a week, on his day off. Even then, he's often too tired to rise before the sun, like she does. She resents his late nights at the Hob, of him smelling of coal spice and drink. He doesn't smell like the woods anymore. He doesn't smell like Gale. When she and Prim get to school, many of the other seniors are buoyant, eager to escape the confines of their classes. Granted, many of them are Townies, so they have places to escape to after they graduate. Their parents are florists and grocers and bakers. Even Madge, whose head is not normally turned by such nonsense, gets carried away. Katniss stands alone at the edge of the soccer field, where her classmates are lining up to step into the wagons that will cart them to the mines. It feels like a Reaping, Katniss separated from everyone she loves. No Prim and no Gale here for her to stand with. "Do you want to sit with us, Katniss?" Madge asks. Us , she says, because she's not alone, not anymore. Behind her is the half-moon of her flock, a few truly nice girls like Delly and others who are nice to Madge because she's the Mayor's daughter. It wasn't always that way. Katniss can remember a time when they were younger, when it was just she and Gale and Madge sitting together at lunch. Gale would sometimes sneak her a strawberry, the wild ones that grow outside the fence. For a moment, Katniss considers the offer. She's missed Madge. When Gale left for the mines, no longer an imposing presence at their lunch table, their extra seats were quickly filled by a gaggle of girls, sillier than a pack of turkeys. For Madge, Katniss tried. She did. But it couldn't have been more than a week before she found another table, less crowded. Still, silly is preferable to the alternative, when you're in the mines. She'd be safe with Madge and her crew. It's customary to stick with your friends down there. Otherwise, you chance spending the day forced to get friendly with a stranger or with some handsy Townie. There's often barely enough room to turn around. Then Priscilla Cleary— Prissy , as everyone calls her behind her back—locks eyes with her and leans over to whisper to one of the other girls. They both laugh and watch to see what Madge's charity Seam friend will do now. Not for the first time, Katniss wishes she had her bow. She'd prefer to show them what she can do. Madge follows her gaze, then turns back with an apology. Katniss doesn't understand why she puts up with them. Good practice, she supposes, for the future wife of the Mayor. "No thanks," Katniss says. I'm sorry , her eyes say. Madge understands. "Catch up with you later, then?" And she means it. Katniss has no doubt that Madge will look for her again when they get to the mines. She learned long ago not to take Katniss' inevitable no for an answer. The air is so thick with coal spice that even the Seam kids can smell it. As they spill from the wagons, the Townies put their hands or kerchiefs over their noses. Some of the boys pretend to gag. Katniss watches impassively, the boys with their peacocking and the girls with their ridiculous, pristine clothes. It's one of the best parts, getting to see everyone at the end, covered in the same grime. Coal doesn't discriminate. It gets everywhere on everyone. Even dainty Prissy with her white (white!) gloves and her sneer. Katniss trails at the fringes of the group, not really eager to step into the Museum, the monument where they always start their tour. The Museum seems to have been built to chronicle the rousing history of District 12 and its miners. It's used only rarely, such as when the Capitol needs footage from 12 or for the occasional tour. When you step in the door, you wend through the coal mine painted on the floor, stopping at interactive kiosks to learn fun facts about the wonderful world of fossil fuels. See, this is how we coax it from its bed in the earth (smiling yellow hats). Here's how we sort it and cure it (more smiling hats). Here are the lovely people across the Districts who benefit from our labor (smiles and smiles). And peppered throughout these fun facts, these lovely stories, are pictures of the miners themselves, arranged in rows like they're a sporting team or an army, year after year, not a pickaxe out of place. They're not smiling. This is a glorious tradition, folks, the walls scream. You, too, can be part of it. Katniss can't pick her father out of his photo. After an hour in the Museum, they head to the equipment shed. There, they get to put on their own yellow hats, buckle them up real tight and check them twice. They're each issued a blunt rock hammer and a ration pack, which the Townies usually eat before the morning is half over and which the Seam usually squirrel away to take back home. Katniss herself pockets the granola bar. And then it's time to descend. It's time for the elevator. Katniss stoops and pretends to tie her boot, letting a herd of Townies stream by. This is the elevator where her father died. Oh, it's not the same one, of course. It's the upgraded model, 100% safety guaranteed. So said the propos that had aired during the mandatory viewing hour, in the weeks after it was installed. In the weeks after the accident. The other kids crowd in, Townies jockeying so they're not standing too close to someone from the Seam, purposefully shifting their weight so the conveyance