slaughterhouse (seventy) five Ø a hunger games fic Summary: "You should have listened, you know. When he begged you to kill him." A visceral reaction to Mockingjay . Title repurposed from Vonnegut. Dark, possible triggers. Starts after Gale asks, "So, now that we're dead, what's our next move?" Chapter 1 "Our next move," Peeta says, "is to kill me." His words are hummingbirds—they thrum, they mesmerize, they shock us silent. The type of silent you are when you know something horrible to be true. Those who remain of Squad 451, Jackson and Finnick and even the Leegs, they look this way or that way or any other way that is not at him . Or at me. And it's true. We should kill this puppet who wears Peeta's face. This person who threw Mitchell into that pod, the person with bleached mad eyes intent on crushing my skull—this stranger sitting broken and almost tearful in front of us now—this isn't Peeta. For all I know, Peeta—the real Peeta—is already dead. Maybe I was right earlier. Maybe he really is a mutt. Kill Peeta , Bogs had said. Do you want me to kill him? Gale had asked. Kill me , Peeta confirmed. Now, his blue eyes spear into mine, no longer the shy flit-and-away from when we were young and sitting in school, worlds apart. I wonder: Is it really murder, if a person begs to die? Or is it humane, like putting down a lame animal? I think of wolves with human eyes, Rue's eyes. And now Peeta, a wolf in sheep's clothing. Gale shifts, the first of us to move. Of course. His private offer to me hadn't been a bluff. "He's right." His voice rings out into the silence, authoritative, rational, changing wavering to decisive. No one will meet Peeta's gaze; they're all looking at Gale. Gale, as he stands there so tall and firm and almost-wise. Gale, who raises his sidearm and points it straight between Peeta's eyes. A quick, clean kill. Leave nothing for the Capitol to recycle. I've seen him do this a hundred times. But before a single beat of my heart, before I even register the motion, my bow is up, arrow notched. The creak of the string as I draw back divides the silence. At the sound, this familiar sound, Gale's eyes shift to me, jaw slack. In disbelief, because I've never pointed a weapon at him, not so much as a blunt butter knife. Back in the forest, he teased me for being so adamant that we keep our arrow tips and our knife edges pointed in innocuous directions. "Afraid you'll trip, little girl?" he'd say, and I'd always scowl and retort that he'd best tend to his own boat feet. I wasn't afraid of tripping, of letting an arrow fly unfettered. It is merely something my father taught me: Don't aim at those you don't plan to kill. Don't aim at those you love. So Gale can't believe my aim. Yet in a single glance at my face, my stance, he knows. He knows I'm serious. I won't shoot to kill, but I will shoot. Just as assuredly as he will shoot Peeta. I don't even have to speak, to command him to lower his weapon. This is how well he knows me, how well we communicate even in silence. Together, we lower our weapons. Words erupt around us, flowing into the stillness—disbelief, agreement of Gale's intent, some in our party wanting to turn back, others adamant that we should complete the ( fictional ) mission. Gale and I, we just stare at each other over the melee. How easy it was for him to raise his weapon to Peeta. How easy it was for me to raise my own. Peeta is also silent, framed by a couch the electric color of his eyes. Although I'm pulled by the gravity of his gaze, I can't look at him. I can't see what's likely in his face: disappointment, anger, contempt. Certainly no emotion I expect. Gale looks away first. Talk dies as I shift minutely to speak. Heads turn toward me, faces open. Trusting. Believing that I can somehow make the tough decisions and deliver them from the mouth of Hell. Even though I can't choose between a hunter and a baker. "No one kills Peeta," I say. "I need him." Gale's face darkens further, ears pink, and I add, "For the mission. He may remember something about the mansion layout that will help." No one questions my logic. Not out loud. Ø When I move, they follow. Even Peeta. Ø Later, when we're alone in the bowels of night, Peeta asks, "Would he have shot me?" I think of Gale's face when one of his snares is effective. I think of Gale braving the whipping post, for me. "Yes." Peeta ponders this for a long moment as a train rumbles through the nearby Transfer. Then, "Would you have shot him?" And I don't even have to think. "Yes." In shadow, Peeta's face is foreign, alien. He says nothing, no doubt unable to reconcile the images of the girl in his brain with someone who would save his life. I want to reach out, feel that he's real. I don't. Ø We've descended into a grave. Around me, people die. What remains of our squad (whose number is the temperature at which books burn) is culled from few to fewer still by the mutts who know my name. I watch skin drip like wax down a burning candle. I watch Finnick snuffed out, just like that . No final grand gesture, no sacrificing himself to save others, no gasp to tell Annie how much he loves her. Just gone. It could have been Gale. It could have been Peeta. There's a moment when it still could be. They're both down there, the two of them, and one or both might not come up. Peeta is climbing with his hands cuffed. Gale might take this opportunity. One flick of his wrist, and Peeta could lose his footing. Or it could be an accident. I'd never know. But then his head pops through the porthole and it's Gale, following close behind, who's clutching his neck, Gale whose uniform is shredded. Still, I kiss Peeta to bring him back. He bites my lip hard enough to draw blood. Kisses are their own type of weapon. Ø When it's dark, Buttercup incarnate watches over our sleep. Guarding us from the night. Ø Citizens of the Capitol trudge by on their bizarre, hodgepodge pilgrimage to their perceived Mecca, as though someone at the City Center will save them. How easily propaganda has swayed them, how effectively luxury has numbed them, that they drift like sheep. When we hear on the monitor that Snow is opening the mansion to refugees, I know that this is our chance. Somehow, we have to be one of them. We have to be invited in to his lair. "I won't go with you," Peeta agrees. But that's because he wants to hang back, create a diversion. I'm shaking my head, fiercely, because I think I know exactly what he considers a diversion. He'll wait a few minutes until we're out of sight (give us a nice one-one-thousand, two ). Then he'll shed his wig and costume, stand calmly in a stream of humanity, hold his head high, and wait. He'll be the diversion. This time, the crowd won't make a mistake. I can't protect him if I'm not there. But I can't protect myself if he's with me. "No," I say. "You stay here. If I have to, I'll chain you up." Lips white with pain, Gale looks at me. Behind his eyes are accusations he won't voice. Contrary to my stated reason for keeping Peeta alive, I don't want him anywhere near that mansion. I want him in the back room of a shop that sells fur underwear, handcuffed to a stairwell support. Where he'll be safe. But then Peeta says the only thing that could make me change my mind. "Please," he says. "Don't leave me behind." Not again. Ø In this final arena, Tigris performs a final miracle, remaking us into sheep. In pairs, we join the herd. All but Peeta, who sets out against the tide. I can't even look back on him, one last time. I hadn't said goodbye. Ø Chaos ensues. We're separated from Cressida and Pollux. Pods shoot and boil and liquefy. Blood makes rivulets in the snow. The ground opens between Gale and me, a physical manifestation of our psychological rift. When I see him get captured, I don't even kill him. "Go!" he says, thinking ever of me. But he's also alerted his captors that he's not alone. A Peacekeeper leans out the apartment window, searching. Before we can make eye contact, before he can see me watching Gale a final time, I duck my head down, shuffing my hood up. It's instinct, to blend casual like this, all those years I sauntered past Peacekeepers, pack laden with contraband. Somehow, it works; I don't get shot in the back. As I slink into an alley, I feel it—I'm on my own. I'm me , singular, as I approach the hordes of civilians and soldiers who separate me from my final prey. And past these scurrying ants, the anthill itself, a fortress of impenetrable stone. My mission is a farce, doomed from the beginning. Squad 451 perished for nothing. We were supposed to be for show. I'm standing in a puddle of ice, urging myself to think think think. This isn't a game, where a Game Master might intervene now lest the audience get bored. What can I do that will make one iota of difference in this mayhem? Find the nearest Peacekeeper and drop my hood? Walk up to the main mansion entrance and knock? To start, I move. Walk toward the bullseye of the City Circle. Try to act ditsy, like a wilting flower, which isn't difficult given my watery limbs. Through the gap in my hood, the mansion walls seem to grow impossibly tall. The square is filled with lambs penned by a barricade. The crisp air has slapped their cheeks pink, and they huddle for warmth. What kind of parents would allow their children to serve as a human shield? But I already know. Parents like mine. Parents who have no choice. Or who no longer exist. Perhaps the square is filled with orphans. I stand at the far edge of the concrete barrier—a mere four feet tall, but it might as well be a hundred. I'm no longer a child; they won't let me in. But I'm close enough now that, if I reveal who I am, I might be taken to Snow. There are two Peacekeepers several meters away, barking on their radios but otherwise doing nothing to help their fellow citizens. I can tell them I have an important message from Coin. President's ears only. I take a step toward them. Impossibly, some unknown Game Master intervenes after all. A firebomb detonates close, almost too close, and I'm thrown to the ground. The Rebels have arrived. For a moment, I can't breathe, can't see, can't hear. But as my vision clears, I focus on a miracle, a gaping window (a gleeful maw) on the second story where there hadn't been one before. Chunks of concrete cascade down, providing a tenuous ladder. Right where the two Peacekeepers had been standing. I scrabble over the rubble, too loud, too exposed. But there's no one over here because they're all over there , diverted to where the Rebels are swarming like tracker jackers. My hands singe against heated rock, but I press on because I have to, hauling myself up onto a ledge. With a single nudge, the slab that had been my boost tumbles away. No one can follow my path. Ø I've stepped into an alternate