If it were Percy's choice, he would have run into her at a coffee shop. He could have given her a cheeky smile from across the room, stolen glances from her when he looked up from his laptop, timed it just right so he would get up to get sugars at the same time she did, and would make sure to walk out a couple seconds after her. Instead, Percy ran into her in a dark house he just broke into. She also happened to have broken in, but this was still not Percy's ideal run-in-with-a-cute-girl destination. It wasn't like Percy wanted to be a criminal anymore, he just couldn't stop it. It was like a bad-habit he just got the urge to do sometimes, like biting your nails. He would see something that vaguely reminded him of the things he didn't have, he wouldn't be able to stop thinking about how much he wants that thing now, and then he would break into a gas station or apartment to try and find whatever it was that he wanted. Of fucking course, the first time he breaks into an actual house, somebody else is crashing in at the same time. Percy parked his car across the street about four houses down. He walked out of his car, making a swift beeline for the other side. He pulled up the hood of his jacket slightly as he got closer to the house, nonchalantly looking around to see if anybody was around. He made sure to choose a house furthest away from any street lamps. He checked the driveway for the car that was usually parked out front. It was gone. Almost all the lights were off in the house as well. Percy ran across the front yard of the house around to the side, easing his way across the side of the wall. He slides his hands across the window, feeling the wiggle of the cheap installation. He slides it up, pushing the screen out and climbing in. He settles his dirty boots onto the white carpet. Kind of a dick move, but so is breaking into somebody's house. Percy looked around the room he just entered. It's a bedroom. He sees a door, but he also sees a desk. He yanks open all the drawers, pulling them out and spilling the contents. He scores a pocket knife, a nice watch, and about twelve dollars. He pushes open the door and treks past a hallway into the living room. He finds a laptop and stuffs it into his backpack. His pulls his hood off his head and runs his hand through his hair. He feels a rush inside his chest, and he smiles. He hears the small sound of footsteps down the hallway as he zips up his bag. He shoulders it and slips into the shadows against the far wall. A dog runs across the floor. Percy smiles at the fluffy white creature. He wonders why it hadn't started barking when he heard the noise of the desk. Then his smile melts off his face. Why hadn't the dog barked at him? He hears the click of a gun, "I can almost hear the stupid look on your face. I'd probably see it, too, if it weren't so damn dark in here." Percy slowly turns his head towards the sound of the gun. He sees a flash of blond hair in from the moonlight seeping in through the window. The barrel of a .45 gleams about four inches from his face. The girl steps closer to him and her face shows in the moonlight. And woah. She's easily the most beautiful girl Percy's ever seen. Her eyes stand out at him, a bright blue. Her hair is braided to the side, a black headband around her head. She's wearing a white v-neck and light washed jeans. "Why are you in my house?" Percy takes a bit of time to register that yes this girl is indeed talking to him, (who the hell else would she be talking to?) and he swallows because holy hell why was he so nervous? Percy blames the nervousness on the fact that he was still staring down the barrel of a gun, "Uh, I'm, uh, robbing you." Really fucking smooth Percy, that was quite the fucking answer you dumbfuck. The gun drops slightly, "Well no shit, Sherlock. I mean why my house?" Percy swallows again, "I- I…wanted your stuff." Percy clears his throat, "Uh, before you call the police – or shoot me, whichever comes first – can I know your name?" She squints at him "Are you flirting with me? You just got caught robbing me and you're-" "No!" Percy corrects, "No, it's just, I'd like to know the name of the person who caught me? I guess." The girl stops, "Calypso. I'm not giving you a last name, you might get out of prison and come looking for me." "Smart girl." A voice behind her came. A loud thwack sound and Percy decided he was never breaking into another house ever again. Percy raised his hands in surrender as Calypso crumbled to the ground. He heard footsteps, and then the lights came on. "You're the worst criminal I've ever met, and I used to work at a penitentiary." The girl rolled off a beanie and ran her hand through her hair, then threw it at Percy. He wasn't sure if he was supposed to catch it or not, but he just watched it fly through the air and hit him in the chest. The girl pursed her lips, "You also have really bad reflexes." Percy decided to take back his previous statement of Calypso being the most beautiful girl he'd ever seen. This girl, whoever she was, definitely topped her. She had the same blond hair, just naturally curled and honey blond. She had a California tan, as far as he could tell by her face. The slightest hint of freckles danced across her nose. Her eyes looked almost blue in the terrible light of the living room. He couldn't make out their color, but they definitely stuck out to him. The girl slipped off her gloves then tossed them on the table, "Well, she never asked for your name so I will." Percy stayed quiet, "Oh, um, Percy. Jackson. Percy Jackson." The girl looked him up and down, "Jennifer." Percy stifled a laugh, "Your name is so not Jennifer." The girl squinted her eyes at him, "How would you know? Why would I even want to tell you my name?" Percy let his eyes travel her face, "Annabeth… Chase. Haven't seen you since graduation. What college did you end up going to?" Annabeth stared at him for a while, "Didn't think you would remember me," she sized him up, "My mom got a huge job in Greece so I went to live with my dad in San Francisco that summer." Percy wasn't sure he could respond to that, "Oh." "She's dead now, my mom. Her plane crashed overseas." Percy was a hundred percent sure he couldn't respond to that. "Don't worry, I'm not too distressed anymore Percy. That was like – what? Five years ago?" He blew out his breath, "So what are you doing here?" She shrugged, "Stanford was fun, but I got my degree and left. I missed New York too much." She went on, describing why she was breaking into houses, stealing stuff, but Percy couldn't focus. Look, he was really trying to, but was she always this beautiful? She snapped in his face, "Percy? Are you okay?" He felt his ears heat up, "Uh, yeah. I'm fine." He smiled. Annabeth raised an eyebrow, "Yeah, okay. Why don't we leave, unless you were interested in staying until this girl woke up? Maybe you want to attempt in flirting with her again?" Yeah, Percy's cheeks were definitely heating up now, but he had an idea: "Nah, I'd much rather try with you." He gave her a toothy smile. Annabeth smiled, "Really, Percy? You're seriously gonna have to try harder than that." And yeah, Percy's plan only ended up with him blushing ever more. They left a note for Calypso on her fridge. They put everything back, cleaned up, and left her like fifty bucks as a sort of bribery to not call the police. Percy hadn't wanted to put any money, but since it was his face that would be put in jail, he coughed up forty-five bucks. They went to a Starbucks, just like Percy had wanted to. Of course, they changed first, due to Annabeth's common sense. If it had just been him by his self, Percy would've walked right into the shop, clad in black clothing with a black beanie on his head. He tried to buy her drink for her, but Annabeth told him no. They had literally just ran away from a prison sentence, this was "no time for romantic antics". Percy nodded, although he had no idea what antics meant. Annabeth ordered, and Percy wouldn't stop staring at her. She noticed, of course, and she couldn't help the small smile that crept to her face. She immediately washed it off, which made Percy frown. As Annabeth was looking in her wallet for cash, Percy gave the barista a twenty and ordered his frappe. "I can buy my own drink, you know." Annabeth protested as they waited for his name to be called. "Yeah, but I can pay for it too." He smiled at her. "Percy? Your drinks are ready!" The employee gave a tired smile. Before Annabeth could even react, Percy had grabbed them off the counter and handed hers over. "Dude, if this turns into one of those 'here let me breathe for you' relationships then I'm just gonna go home." She smiled. Percy held the door open, "Relationships?" She just smiled at him. Percy let his face fall into his pillow, "It's been like a week, G-Man." Grover threw his empty soda can at him, "Perce, you can't call her after just a week." "Why not?" "Because that's like against the rules." "What rules?" "The dating rules." "I'd like to see these rules." "Percy, just wait a few more days." "Days?" "Days." He sat up and threw the can back at Grover, "Why days? Why can't it just be like… a few more hours? Or minutes. Or now." He lunged for the cell phone on his nightstand, but Grover beat him to it. "Dude," Grover tossed the phone onto the desk behind him, "You sound like you're in high school again. Remember? With Rachel?" "Let it go, bro." "Hey, speaking of Red, why don't you call her and ask her. She is technically a girl." Percy stared at him, before standing up and grabbing his phone, "She is a girl." He mumbled. Grover mad a sad face, "Mm, I'm sorry. Did I hurt your feelings?" Percy stared at him, before shoving him backwards, "Shut up." He unlocked his phone and dialed the number. Rachel took a bite of her burger, "So, you met Annabeth, by breaking into a house?" Percy drummed his fingers on the table, "Yeah." "By breaking into a house?" "Yeah." "That she happened to be breaking into at the same time?" "Yeah." "And she helped you get away?" "Yeah." "And then you bought her coffee?" "…yeah." She crumpled the McDonalds wrapper from her burger and threw it onto the tray, "It's meant to be." Percy frowned, "What?" "Percy, what are the chances that this girl would've broken into the same house as you, right as she saved you from being caught, and as if the circumstances she would've been in were bizarre enough she not only saved your ass by coughing up some money, but she helped you clean the house up and then let you buy her coffee. If you let your guy's story end there, I will stick my foot up your ass." She stole a French