He was just sitting up against the steps, only twenty feet away from her, writing in that old notebook of his again. There was plenty of things covering the cover and back, some band stickers and just random Vans stickers, and she could pick out the new ones he added on. Percy Jackson, the best thing in her life. Ironically, a reminder of the worst moment in her life at the same time. The whole month had been foggy, just because of the shitty start it had. And the worst part was that she had no one to blame but herself. She just wished she had thought it out more than she had. Annabeth had to walk right past him, too. She had to get into the school. She had to get to class. She also felt the pulsing need to run up to Percy and kiss him. To smile at him and ask him how he's been. To see his face light up and see him smile at her. To see anything but the plain face he gave her now. He pulled out a phone, tapping the screen a few times before putting it back down. Of course, he was listening to music. He never wasn't. He got a new pair of earbuds, she noticed. These were black chords instead of white, the dark blue buds barely visible because of his raven-black hair. He was wearing a grey Vans t-shirt with a black and red flannel, the sleeves rolled to his elbows, and some jeans with a beat up pair of vans. She remembered the stupid fight, wincing slightly at how poorly she went about it. She had invited him over to his house and- He was tapping his foot against the concrete, his hand moving to various points over his notebook. She sucked in a breath, wanting to just melt into the sidewalk. She blew out air, along with her hope. She walked towards the steps. Annabeth was hoping he wouldn't notice her, but also hoping that he would. She made it look like she was in a deep thought, which wasn't very hard to do. She saw him look over at her from the corner of her eye. She glanced down at what she was wearing, randomly feeling very self-conscious. Jeans and a loose top. She took a turn into the school and felt the door close behind her. Feeling Percy's stare leave her back, she turned back around at him. He was drawing a girl on his paper, shaking his head slightly. She couldn't even tell who he was drawing, but she also had a feeling it wasn't her. Her heart dropped even further. She walked to her locker, saying good morning to people she passed and waving at others. She almost passed her locker, thanks to how bad her head was throbbing. Her hands slipped out books before she headed towards homeroom. She stopped herself once she reached the doors, realization hitting her. She had this class with Percy. Of course the first day he comes back is the day home room is extended twenty minutes. She swallowed the lump in her throat and pushed the door open, walking briskly to a seat in the classroom and dropping into her desk. There were only about five other kids here at the moment. With more kids starting to pour in, she didn't even notice when Percy had come in and taken a seat about three desks away. The teacher, Mr. Smith, popped through the doorway, "Good morning class!" he said, a lot brighter than he normally would have. Actually, he was dressed a lot better than normal. He was wearing tan dress pants, a white button up shirt and a brown tweed jacket. He usually just wore a button up with the sleeves rolled up and jeans. "Percy Jackson?" Mr. Smith called out. Percy pulled his head up off his desk and looked up at the teacher, "Gavin Smith?" A murmur of laughter swallowed the room, "Percy, please. Try not to be rude." Percy licked his lips, "Yeah, ok." "Besides, it's good that you finally decided to show back up today." Mr. Smith took a seat at his desk. "The school called my parents and told them to make sure I was coming today." "That's beside the point." Percy sat up a little straighter, "Then what is the point?" "Oh, you'll find out." Mr. Smith smiled. Percy's widened his eyes, "Oh that sounds lovely." Mr. Smith started talking about the schedule for today, since they were having twenty minutes cut out of their regular one. Annabeth had stopped listening, she was watching Percy out of the corner of her eye flip through his sketchbook. She couldn't help but notice how different everything was now that she wasn't a part of his life. He talked different. Sure, he had always been on different levels with the teachers, but this was different. She felt like any other student just sitting in a desk wondering what it was that made him so sardonic toward most authority figures. And she doesn't like it. She was too busy looking at his concentrated face that she didn't notice when a camera crew burst into the room, slide past her desk, and then aim towards Percy. "What's up Percy, I'm Jeff Freedman, I work for Alternative Press magazine. We have a surprise for you today. Stand up for me, my man!" Jeff was talking to Percy through some microphone, who seemed surprised this guy was from Alternative Press. Jeff looked like an average teenager, except he was probably about 36; he was wearing a white v-neck and a black leather jacket with some black jeans and Vans. Percy stood, looking confused, "What's Alternative Press want from me?" "It's not AP that wants you." Jeff replied. Percy pursed his lips, "So…wait, what?" The door opened again and everyone's head snapped towards it, "Was that my cue?" a voice with a slight Jersey accent said. Annabeth had to be honest, she had no idea what was happening. What's Alternative Press anyway? Who's the dude that just walked in? Why did Percy look like he was about to piss himself? "No fucking way." Percy breathed. "Actually, Gerard fucking Way." The man, who Annabeth was assuming was Gerard (fucking) Way, corrected. He was a different kind of person, she could tell. He had bright red hair that was almost as disheveled as Percy's, just Gerard's was sticking up sort of. He was wearing some weird blue suit with a black tie and a pair of raybans. Jeff cleared his throat, "I'm assuming you're familiar with his work?" All Percy could do was nod vigorously and swallow. A lot. "Well kid, I heard you singing when you were filling your tank with gas maybe a week ago at the Shell station in Albany. I only heard it under your breath and a little muffled, but it sounded pretty awesome." Gerard crossed his arms, "I wanna hear what you got, maybe a little louder this time." "Areyoukiddingme?" Percy said, almost too fast to be understandable, "We were at the same gas station and I didn't notice?" Jeff cleared his throat, a little awkwardly. Percy looked from Gerard to Jeff, "Wait, are you asking me to…sing or something?" "Pretty much, man." Gerard replied. Percy looked terrified, "In front of everyone?" Gerard nodded again. Percy laughed nervously then licked his lips, "Uh, I've never really sang in front of anyone before." "Then now's a good time to start! C'mon, you don't have to if you don't want to." Gerard clipped the glasses to his pocket and slapped his hands together, "I think you have a voice that deserves attention, though." Percy opened his mouth and looked around the ground, "I don't even know what to sing." "Sing whatever you need to, whatever feels right." Gerard pressed. Percy just smiled a little and looked up at everyone in the class. Annabeth could tell what he was feeling, she knew him that well. He was probably feeling nervous, scared. But, damn , she really wanted to know how his voice sounded. If him just muttering was enough to make a professional singer do all of this, well, Annabeth really disliked not knowing. Percy took a breath and closed his eyes. Holy shit , Annabeth thought, when was he gonna tell me he could sing? Annabeth got lost listening to Percy's voice fill the small classroom. His voice bounced off the walls and flooded Annabeth's ears. She was…astonished. Surprised. Amazed. Every synonym for those words. Percy pulled his eyes from the ground and stared around. Everyone in the class applauded, and Percy just stood there, rubbing his neck awkwardly. Annabeth had no idea, she felt so stupid. She had been dating him for almost a year and a half and she had never knew he could sing like that. She had been best friends with him for close to six years and she hadn't known She felt even more stupid than she had this morning about breaking up with him last month. Gerard clapped Percy on the back and shook his hand, "I told you, a voice worth recognition." Percy wiped at his mouth, "Nothing compared to yours, sir." Gerard laughed slightly, "Listen man, I'm nothing special. I had my time with the guys, and now it's ended," Percy winced slightly, "You've got something special in you, I can see it, but I'm just some jerk from Jersey with a passion for music. Just 'cause I followed my passion doesn't make me better than you. The sir is not needed." he smiled. Annabeth already liked this guy, she felt bad for not knowing who he was. Gerard laughed, "Now, why don't you finish your school day here and we'll meet back up at your house today. Do you do any school sports or something?" Percy chuckled slightly, "No, I quit." Gerard raised an eyebrow but said nothing, "Alright, we'll be back to pick you up and swing by the studio. We won't be having you record anything yet, we're just gonna see what you can do. No pressure." Percy looked awestruck, he couldn't keep the goofy smile off his face as he and Gerard talked. Annabeth could tell this was someone Percy really looked up to, someone she could most definitely look up to. She made a mental note to Google him later or something. "And, as a plus, you know of my intentions of a solo career?" Gerard asked Percy. Percy swallowed, "Yea, not in MCR anymore." Gerard looked taken back, but he shrugged it off, "Right, I'm going on tour pretty soon. Based on what you've done so far, I want you to be my opening on tour. All tour." Percy's eyes widened, "What?" "Record a couple songs at the studio in the city, we'll see what we can make happen." Jeff cut in. Percy couldn't even say anything. He let out a muffled laugh and clasped his hand over his eyes, throwing his head back. "Alright, this is our time to go. You got anything to say, ask?" Gerard asked Percy. Percy relaxed a little and let out a sigh, "Why are your teeth so small?" Gerard looked at him for a second and then put his head down. He shook with laughter, "I like him, Jeff. Let's keep him." The camera crew left, Jeff and Gerard in tow. An awkward silence filled the room for several seconds before anybody said anything after the door closed. "Well, I'm sure you're glad you're parents forced you to come to school today. Are they waiting for you today?" Mr. Smith asked. Percy licked his lips and took his seat, "My mom's working." "And you're father?" he pressed. "Took off when I was just born, so he should be about six feet under in the Albany city cemetery since about last week." Percy looked up at Mr. Smith and gave him a blank face,