Written for Marigold's Challenge 23: Sentence to include: It was miles yet to , and was already exhausted. Four things to include: A yellow waistcoat, a stuffed animal, a near drowning, a blackberry tart. Character to include: Any Eagle or Falcon Disclaimer: I don't own hobbits or Middle-earth, they belong to JRR Tolkien. Nobody in their right mind would pay me for this. Summary: Faramir struggles to understand why his father left the Shire to spend his last days in Gondor. Beta: Marigold Faramir Took 61/54 (flashbacks), Kalimas Brandybuck 69/62. Note: this tale contains flashback scenes--for ease in following the story, these paragraphs are in italics. Warning: Character deaths toward the end of the story. The Falcon's Watch By Pippinfan Mountains. All I see for miles are land, rocks…and mountains. They line up in a towering cascade to my right along the Great West Road as we travel through the Eastfold. There is the occasional copse of trees, however, for the most part, the one thing that fills my vision from morning until twilight are these enormous… mountains . There was a time when I was enchanted by this view--even more so the stories, though ages ago it seems now. I would listen intently as my father eagerly pointed out various places of special significance while travelling on his first Journey. I have lost count of the many times my father would retell the story of how he and my uncle were given a special draught by the Ent, Treebeard, growing three inches taller than when they had first started out on their journey. I smile at the memory of my father's storytelling, and then burrow myself deeper into my pensiveness until I am lost within. And then I hear him. I look up into the fading blue canopy, my eyes searching for the invader of my thoughts. I spy him circling overhead as we ride upon the road. His mournful cries echoing in my head…my heart. I wake up to the sound of a shout; my paternal instincts pause to listen for my children…but it is not any of them. After another cry, I recognise my father's voice--weeping from yet another one of his ugly dreams. I am into my dressing gown and off to tend to my aging father as the nightmare unfolds in his dreaming. Upon entering his bedroom, I find my father trembling beneath his blankets with his hands over his ears, rocking from side to side in order to find comfort. He whimpers, "No…please don't die, Merry…" This has almost become a nightly ritual. My father has always been beset with nightmares for as long as I can remember, but never to this extreme. As I approach, I call to him. Taking my father into my arms, I rock with him until he is fully awake. "Shhh," I softly tell him, "Uncle Merry is very much alive and in Buckland; he's coming for a visit next week." Hearing this seems to comfort my father. "It was just a bad dream, Father," I tell him. I try to hold his gaze, but he looks away. I wish for the hundredth time that my mother were still alive; she had always been able to draw my father out of his sorrows. As I look up into the deep hue of the twilight sky listening to the doleful calls of the falcon, I now realise how painfully I miss my father. My father, the Took and Thain, is sitting in his large leather chair at his huge desk that is made of walnut wood. I look about the room; everything is cleaned and organised, save for the few documents upon his desk. I silently wonder at this because my father is not known to be tidy. His green eyes fill with tears. Again, I wonder at what is about to take place, as he is the one who has summoned me here. He hands me a leather case tied with a thin cord. "What is this?" I ask him. He answers through his tears that it contains his Will, letters to each of his children, and the heirlooms that represent the family's titles. The heaviness of the case confirms this, as the combined weight of the medals of the office of the Took and Thain sit in my grasp. The effect of my father's announcement does not hit me at once. He further explains to me that my Uncle Merry has conferred with him about returning to Rohan to be with the King of that land during his last days. I reckon that this meeting took place during my uncle's visit two weeks previous. From the grief-stricken features on my father's face, I know that there is much more to this. He goes on to say that after their visit with King Éomer, that he and my uncle will continue on to Gondor…to find rest. To find rest? Could he not find it here in our home? As my father's news sinks in, I flush with anger. Surely, my father would not go off like that with barely a thought and leave his family behind to grieve! Not with the wound of my mother's death still fresh in our hearts. Sam did this same thing to my beloved Goldilocks and her brothers and sisters. I didn't agree with what he did then and still don't. I express my opinion to my father, who merely sits in his chair, tears rolling freely down his face. He looks away. Nothing I say makes him relent. We both weep. In my heart I know that he means to leave…and never return. At present, I stir myself from my thoughts to watch our friend soar elegantly in the air in order to keep myself from plunging further into my own melancholy. The perpetrator is a falcon that we discovered following us a day's ride south of Tharbad. He comes and goes as he pleases, and usually hovers about our camp at dawn or dusk. At first, my son Isengar thought the bird was merely a scavenger hunting for food-- our food, yet he ate nothing we offered him. Beresarn, one of the King's Men we are travelling with, explained to us the sort of food falcons eat--which does not include wild coney roasted over an open pit. Thus, we concluded that he must have come from the Misty Mountains--his hunting ground being the smaller fowl at Swanfleet. "There he is!" I hear Kalimas shout. He slows down his pony to ride beside me. "That bird's timing is flawless! He always appears just as we're about to make camp for supper. If I didn't know any better, I'd say he was a hobbit with wings!" I smile absently at his jest. I have found that Kali is rather amused by the creature. "Keeps my mind off the present", he told me not long after the bird joined us on our journey. We surmised that it was the same bird that we saw every day because he seemed to have a bit of a limp when he walked. Most likely obtained while stooping for prey. High up in the sky, I watch as he aims for a small bird flying heedlessly in the blue sapphire sky. Our falcon misses. The bird flies to safety in the shelter of the darkening mountains. I watch the falcon continue to soar higher and higher toward the lofty heights of Halifirien. That far up, I imagine that we must appear to him as ants do to us. After we set up camp just west of the Mering Stream, I sit by the fire contemplating our journey and eating my supper, though I hadn't touched much of it. I must have seemed a complete portrait of gloom to my cousin, for he came over to join me. "Long day?" he asked after taking a seat beside me. The firelight gave the yellow waistcoat he wore a deep golden hue. In wearing that waistcoat, he reminds me so much of my uncle. I often speculate how Kali felt about his father leaving to die elsewhere. I break the silence, giving a long sigh. "It is miles yet to Minas Tirith, and I am already exhausted." Out of the corner of my eye, I see Kali chuckling. "I'm eight years older than you, cousin, so I don't feel a bit sorry for you." "Why am I doing this?" I ask him, though I am not really seeking an answer. "My father was quite obvious about his wishes before he left. He drew his last breath as far away from home as he could get. So I wonder why I am going to all of this trouble to render my last respects. He did not want to spend his last days in the Shire…nor with his children." "So that's what this is all about? Here all this time I thought you were mourning your father, and all along you were mourning yourself." I have never known Kali to be subtle with his feelings on any given subject, but his response to this surprised me a bit. "I beg your pardon?" "Our fathers did not leave their families because they yearned for something more than us --they left because they needed peace and healing that was not available in the Shire." I watch as Kali grows sombre, then continues. "When my mum passed away, a part of my dad went with her. The one person in this world who knew everything about him was gone. He tried his best to carry on as well as he could, but…" Kali paused, "the nightmares grew worse. There was nothing I, nor my brother and sisters, could say to ease his pain. My mum was a balm to my dad's heart--to his internal wounds from the War. When the letter came from Rohan inviting him to stay there before the King died, it gave my dad an idea…and we talked about it. I am the one who encouraged him to go through with his plan." I cast a hard gaze at my cousin, who then quickly adds, "He would have been miserable in the Shire, Faramir. And you cannot deny the fact that you also saw this in your own father." "If he had troubling thoughts before he left, he never mentioned them to me," I reply coolly, however, his nightmares rang clear in my memory. "' Troubling thoughts' you call them?" Kali gaped at me in disbelief. "Between the nightmares and his horrifying memories, my dad was cracking under the strain of it all. Don't you see? It's all from the War that they endured as young lads. My dad--nor yours--never saw this coming. Not until the moment came upon him did Uncle Pippin know that he would go away, cousin. Say it how you mean it, Faramir--you believe that your dad planned it all--plotting for months to leave you behind." Tears well in my eyes at the stark truth, recalling the day my father handed his titles over to me. "I still needed him, Kali," I whisper, then wipe away a falling tear. Kali put an arm round my shoulder. "That feeling will never go away, Faramir. Ever since you were old enough to peer over his desk, Uncle Pippin was training you in how to be Thain," said Kali. "If he didn't think you were ready for it, he would not have done so." I find it a bit difficult to shirk seven years of hurt and anger, however, Kali's words find a secure place in my heart. Why wasn't I as observant with my father as he was with his? Now anger is mixed with guilt…shame. I say nothing in response to my cousin's last remark, though he takes my silence as it is intended; a request for time alone. "Where is Isengar?" he quietly asks of my young tweenaged son. I understand his question to be a gesture to look after