Warning(s) : Rated T+. Possibilities; Violence. Mild Language. Sexual References. Hurt. Angst. Love. Disclaimer : This warning shall only be placed on the first chapter to any and all stories posted. " Not my Sandbox, Just my Sandcastle. " Twilight belongs to S. Meyer. Bring Me To Life The battle against the Volturi was drawing closer and closer with each passing day. The Major had made it his prerogative to train and hone the skills of his family and those willing to fight for the cause; Renesmee. It was during one of these practice sessions that The Major's coven finally step foot into forks, coming across a training match between Rosalie and Bella. "Major." "Peter," Jasper greeted from his leaning stance against a tree. It was pride and joy to see Peter here with his mate, Charlotte, and he let them know just that as they both acknowledged him with a smile. Though Jasper had on the face of the God of War as he concentrated on the faux match, he still held onto himself enough to greet his long time family…and newcomer. Jasper rose a brow, his eyes finally leaving the practice match to look at the straggler that walked quietly behind Peter. Looking back at Peter, who just grinned and shrugged, he took in the female's appearance. The female vampire was easily five foot ten, a jagged scar ran across the bridge of her nose and many bite marks seemed to litter what skin he was able to see. Even her hands were scarred. But it was her eyes that seemed haunted that bothered Jasper; she looked dead. No. She felt dead. There was no emotion coming off of her as she gazed into the air with a lost and vacant look. "I thought you'd appreciate the help," Peter finally spoke up. At Jasper's nod, he asked to pair her up with Bella so that he could see how well she fared in battle. "I wouldn't do that if I were you," Peter finally commented… And it was a comment Jasper took into high regards. The man knew battle, knew skill… And trusted Peter with his very life. "Why don't you give her a try, Major." Charlotte, who had remained quiet gave the silent vampire a compassionate smile as she walked up to her, combing the vampire's long black hair away from her face. "Why don't you give him a spin, Sugar." The silent vampire's dark red eyes flickered toward Charlotte in acknowledgement, glazing back over, as she walked toward the area Bella and Rose had previously occupied. At the mention of the new vampiress training against Jasper, the rest of the Cullen's and the Denali clan came to watch. "Her name's Elena!" Peter's voice ran across the field, smirking at the soon to be challenge as he wrapped an arm around his mate. Elena stood still, her body slumped over as if she were in mourning or agony before very slowly squatting down to the ground. The cold air continued to sweep over the area as Jasper analyzed her. "GO!" At Peter's voice, the young woman's eyes flared to life. The dead within her eye disappeared as rage and anger filled her now vibrant, blood red eyes. Her facial features almost transformed to that of an enraged newborn, growling wildly, as she flew across the field toward Jasper. She was very wild (an understatement) and appeared uncontrolled with her attacks, swiping at the God of War with the speed of a demon from hell as he countered and swiped back. It was amazing for the others to watch as The Major fell back into his old rotation and began assaulting Elena in retaliation. It was an inspiring sparring match to watch, because even though she fought like a newborn, she was still conscious enough to block and parry Jasper's attacks and vice versa. After about ten minutes of snarls, swipes and kicks, Elena somehow appeared to have gained the upper hand as she straddled Jasper with one hand at his neck and the other raised to destroy. Her fangs were set in position to latch onto his neck and rip. But upon closer inspection, one could see that Jasper also held her back, with one hand poised to rip through her chest and another at her neck, holding her back and ready to pull her head off. The flare in her eyes dimmed and died as she gathered herself up and walked away. As she made way toward Peter and Charlotte, she looked back, closed her eyes and rose her right hand toward Jasper. Invisible energy seemed to have exploded behind him once her wrist flickered upward and the trees burst into splinters. Elena's eyes slowly landed on Renesmee, nodding in a secret understanding before stepping in front of Peter, who smiled and crooned at her as Charlotte fussed over the weeping wound on Elena's face. The gathering area remained quiet, watching with worry and awe as Peter and Charlotte spoke in hushed tones to the dark haired vampire. Eleazar, who had witnessed the encounter, stared at Elena. Her gift was so muted, he had not even been able to realize just how truly dangerous the female was...and it was something they could definitely use against their upcoming battle against the Volturi. Peter smiled, making his way towards Jasper while leaving Elena in Charlotte's care as the two women trailed behind him. He held his hand out toward a still sitting Jasper, who dusted himself afterwards while still analyzing Elena. "Trump card," Peter explained. "You know this?" "Yup." "How'd you come across her?" Peter's eyes slowly looked behind him as Elena became somewhat aware of the topic. She hissed. "Maria," Peter answered. Jasper remained silent, evaluating Elena once more. Was she to be trusted? How under control was she? Would she turn on them once the bloodlust kicked in? How far was her internal damage at that hands of that witch? "She's quite taken with us, Jay," Peter spoke as if he'd heard the questions Jasper asked himself. "She's family now. She...I just knew I had to pick her up. I don't know why yet, but something just tells me that we need her." Jasper noted the sincerity and confusion behind Peter's own words and nodded. "We'll be in the area." "You won't be staying with us," Alice's voice finally stepped up behind them as she came to stand near Jasper, not next to him. Peter shook his head. "Elena can't handle crowds yet." He smiled at the pixie. "Besides, we like the peace and quiet too." Saying their goodbyes and farewells, the trio took off into the woods after the weird and guarded interaction between Elena and Renesmee. "She's so sad...and broken," Renesmee whispered, looking at Jasper and then her father. Edward seemed pensive, his brows furrowed and his arms crossed. "I couldn't…hear her until you both touched… And even then, she didn't really think much. Just the one word… ' Protect .'" His eyes then fell on Jasper as they all began their trek home. "Can she be trusted?" Jasper looked at Edward and sighed… If Peter and Charlotte trusted her… With our lives , he thought, agonized by the knowledge of her past. He should have gone back and ended that witch a long time ago. Edward twitched at the stray thought that ran across Jasper's mind. He knew the type of monsters that were created there and how not all of them came out. Maria really was a devil of her own make. -ooo- Thanks to the disappearance and meddling of the Seer, the battle against the Volturi was avoided. But a much darker force was slowly rising once again in the South. The whispers of horrors, pain and death began to acclimate their way north until finally catching the ears of the Cullen's who now resided somewhere in Canada. Almost fifty years after what could have been the destruction of the Cullen Clan was finally put to rest, this new yet old threat came knocking at their door. Jasper opened the door at having caught the scent of his brother, only to fall back into the monster he once was at Peter's next words. "She's finally coming." Preparations were quickly set against the wishes of the Cullen household, but they all understood and respected Jasper when The Major came out. It was almost a submissive yet instinctual reaction when in his presence, and it was a presence that the Cullen's often forgot. No matter what, he was still Jasper, but he was a vampire with a wicked knowledge to a side of the world the Cullen's didn't know or even have a glimpse about. If the Cullen's were to participate in this battle, because Jasper was considered one of their own, then leadership would have to be momentarily transferred as The Major, Peter and Charlotte prepped them against his will. If he could, he'd fly them all out, especially Alice and Renesmee (his wife and niece.) But as it were, the hit was not only on Jasper now, but on anyone he deemed family. Jasper, though curious, remained quiet about Elena's absence, information that if it were vital Peter would have already mentioned. Since the topic was never brought up, he'd decided to go along with it. It was almost a year into training, where Jasper could finally teach no more unless taking it too far and dismembering his own family, that word finally arrived again. "A messenger will be here in three days," Alice whispered one night. "Don't feel right," Peter replied from across the living room with his arms crossed. He shook his head. "It ain't no mere messenger, Pix." The conviction behind his words were strong, something the whole family came to understand as it was technically Peter's unknown gift. One Bella liked to give his Yoda shit for as they laughed on their downtime. "She ain't comin' for no invite, that's for sure," Charlotte whispered from beside her mate as he took her into his arms. Gently, he smiled down at her and brushed her bright red hair. Everyone was on high alert, a stress that often found Jasper filled with guilt as he stepped out of the house. He blamed himself for getting involved with the Cullen's when he had unfinished business… Business that was now out to get him and everyone he cared for. Immediately, he fell into a crouch, growling at an unknown presence until Peter placed his hand on Jasper's shoulder. Though he stopped growling, his muscles remained tense as Elena's silhouette came out from the shadows followed by eight others. Silently, he watched as Charlotte ran across the field, embracing a still numb Elena to her as Peter slowly walked toward them. Elena's blank stare acknowledged Peter before her head fell on his chest as he placed a hand on her neck. "Welcome home, Chiquita." For the first time, Jasper felt a whisper of acceptance and love before it disappeared quickly behind self-hate and then...nothing. As the three days passed, Elena remained outside on the roof as the others got to know each other. The eight that came with Elena were seasoned vampires who came to fight against the dark threat. Some were vampires whose mates were killed, others whose territories or clans were taken or wiped out and the remainder, survivors of Maria's horrors. Within those three days, it was only Renesmee and Jasper, besides Peter and Charlotte, who came near or sat with Elena. It was a quiet companionship, one Jasper realized he had mixed feelings about. It was nice to be able to sit with someone who didn't influence his own emotions, allowing him to think freely while having company… But it wasn't healthy for her. After this whole mess was over, he convinced himself to try and help her out though he made no plans on how to go about it yet. A flicker ran across Elena's muted eyes