Warning(s) : Rated M. Possible Violence. Mild Language. Sexual References. Hurt. Angst. Love. Etc. Disclaimer : This warning shall only be placed on the first chapter to any and all stories posted. " Not my Sandbox, Just my Sandcastle ." Twilight belongs to S. Meyer . I do not and have never had a beta, all errors are of my own make; but if you're interested please PM me… Maybe possibly explain the rules that go with that too. Without further ado, I present to you my latest work: The Hunt; a Sam Uley Fanfic. Chapter ONE - Dividend I ran. I ran out of duty. I ran out of a sense of preservation. But mostly, I ran for a sense of justice. To protect. I was betrayed. My pride and honor called for blood. Demanded it. And my body and soul would have it. The earth moved beneath the weight and power of my muscles as I ran with great speed across the forest. I could easily detect two faint and quick heartbeats behind me, where they should stay hidden as I continued to make my hasty way through the wet terrain. Rain poured continuously, like a representation to my previous heartache or like a balm to wash away the pain. I shook my head. I wasn't sure. I didn't want to know currently. I let out a warning sound to my two followers to stay put as I made my way toward the border. The speed in which I ran at didn't give up as I began my way up and down a repeated path; my scent catching in the air, the trees and the ground. I finally heard a warning growl behind me, quickly followed by two more as they began their chase. Pushing myself to run faster I emitted a frustrated growl as the burn in my muscles began to make its presence known. I had been running for more than 48 hours as it was. I was hungry and irate. I was surprised I had made it this far, but the adrenaline in which I ran with now proved to be invaluable. The ache was but a shadow and my inner beast roared gleefully at the prospect of the chase. A gray blur tackled me from the side, colliding with my chest before I used the momentum to roll with my fourth pursuer. My larger jaw instantly latched around my pursuer's neck before throwing him against a tree as I then released a monstrous roar. I hissed and growled, my ear flattened against my head as my tail lowered to the ground behind me. Four giant wolves circled me, all with intelligent and fierce eyes. I had to stop posing as a threat. So these were the great Spirit Warriors of the Quileute people... I growled one final time, snapping defensively toward the youngest that tried to come closer. My eyes fell on each of them, studying them for what they were... None of them were who I was looking for. I allowed my eyes to fall on the largest of the four wolves, a russet brown one. Even though he had the largest frame I still had to keep an eye on the fast gray one that had tried to surprise me. They all looked at me suspiciously when I ceased all movements and sat. A giant black panther must look quite out of the ordinary for them, I was sure. Though they weren't ones to complain. Giant wolves weren't exactly ordinary either. Quickly, black fur receded, leaving me naked and bare before the eyes of four males -something that didn't disgruntle me in the least. Being a shifter did that to your psyche and confidence. I remained kneeling on the floor, my long black and wavy hair doing a nice job of covering most of my back and chest as it fell over my shoulders. I stood then, my wet hair sticking to my body as I made sure to keep eye contact with the russet wolf. "Bring me your alpha." A growl escaped the gray wolf, my eyes narrowing as the feral animal within me tinged the sound of my voice. "I will not deal with you, Lead Warrior... Nor you, Beta," my voice lowered to a respectable volume when I looked at the russet wolf once more. "I beg of you. I must speak with your Alpha." The russet wolf slowly backed away into the bushes, leaving the other three in a still formation around me before a young man appeared in the wolf's place. The same russet color of his fur expanded across his exposed skin as he stepped out from behind the trees in a pair of cut-offs. He was young, I could feel that much, though he looked to be in his twenties. His eyes held much history within their dark depths as we gazed at one another before a massive black wolf slowly stalked up beside him. The hairs on the back of my neck rose as the air thickened with his presence. He was alpha. The instant distinction resonated within my very soul, making me kneel and lower my head onto my hands on the moist ground before me. It was a sign of respect, submission really, as my back and neck were left exposed. "Who are you," the young man who I had previously recognized as the Beta asked me in his Alpha's place. I realized he would be the voice of the pack until the Alpha decides to speak for himself. It was natural for Alphas to assess the situation first. My body remained as still as a statue. As soon as I took notice of the massive black paws in my peripheral my inner beast shuddered. I made sure to keep my muffled tone even and respectful before answering. I felt his cool breath sniff near my neck as he inhaled my scent, more than likely tracing it for any danger. "My name is Nixáliz ." (Nyx-SAH-lease) The Alpha's wet nose ran down my jaw before he took a couple of steps back, it was a signal that allowed me to raise my head. His Beta signaled me to continue once the massive wolf took his place next to him again. "I come seeking sanctuary, but not for me." At the Alpha's command the pack began to lay down in a circle around me, listening to me, except for the Alpha himself who remained standing. His imposing height and frame should have been frightening. And in a way, it was. I hadn't come here to be put into submission once again either. I looked around me slowly, my voice remaining low as my gaze settled on the black wolf. "There are those who wish me and my loved ones harm. For the task of killing a vampire, for protecting my... ' people' ," I spat the word like venom. Vehemently I thought that they were no longer my people. I noticed the wolves growled at my mention of vampires, or I could only assume since I could not hear their thoughts. "...I have been exiled and left for dead. That is the thanks I have received. A betrayal like no other." Though I spoke through the Beta, my eyes remained trained on the Alpha. His fathomless yellow eyes were more animal and feral than man at the moment as he assessed the situation with a calm I imagined only he could posses. It made the beast within me quiver once more, retreating into a submission deep within my own mind until the sound of trees snapping caught all of our attentions. What happened next was a series of movements that resulted in chaos as I ran across the field, leaping above another gray wolf that appeared -a smaller one- and throwing them off as well. I'm sure the green of my natural eyes receded to a dark amber as my fangs elongated in a vicious hiss. "I did not come here TO FIGHT ," I all but roared, my nails now black like that of the panther; long, deadly and ready to strike. The Alpha let out a deep grumble from his chest, one that made all of his wolves regroup behind him. I was sure that it must have been disgruntling for them to see a shifter in human form take on their beast form; not once, but twice. I knew how the pack mind worked, so I was quite aware that the Alpha could see me as a danger because of my defensive maneuvering. I understood why they were on such high alert. They had no guarantee as to what my abilities were. If I was lying, if I was saying the truth... I was a wild card, an unknown. Possibly a danger to them and their people. It is because of these reasons that I made sure to keep my eyes trained on the Alpha, trying to convey my sincerity as my beast receded back into the background. I remained crouching once more in my human form, leaving myself defenseless again as more pack members showed up behind the Alpha and Beta. There were nine wolves so far, and I was definitely not on a suicide mission. Not with them at least. The sound of more twigs snapping could be heard coming closer from behind me. I sighed and closed my eyes in aggravation. Slowly, I rose from my crouching position, making sure to keep my hands up in a show of mercy. I knew all eyes were on me. Some of them were still growling in my direction as I blocked their path. A small rumble erupted from my chest as two small creatures bounded into our field of vision. A small beige -almost white- wolf was rolling on the ground playing with a black and white fox... A much larger... black and white fox. Both creatures had backpacks tied onto their small forms. They looked ridiculous. "Sevahstian! Raziel!" At my voice, the two cubs stopped immediately, their frolicking giving way to fear as they finally took in their surroundings. If I could grieve at the sight of my family members I would. They were doomed... "Come," the one word resonated with power, pulling both children toward me. I noticed that some of the wolves twitched but I didn't feed into that knowledge as the two youngsters scrambled behind me. I looked at them disapprovingly, my eyes flashing amber again and making them both lower onto the ground. The fox rolled over on her back, exposing her belly in the most submissive manner known to the animal kingdom. I sighed. What could I do? Family was family... I took two steps towards them and knelt, unclipping and unzipping the backpacks before quickly taking out a pair of shorts and a small yellow sundress. I threw it at their heads. "Go. Phase." I didn't even want to look at their sheepish expressions as they walked behind the trees and bushes. Or as sheepish looking as they could considering they were in their animal forms. I groaned, my head falling into my hand for but a moment as I pulled out a large brown sleeved shawl for myself. I stood back up and looked high into the trees as I crossed my arms after wrapping myself within the warm comforts of the simple cloth. Though I have no regards for my own exposure, I was very careful with that of my younger siblings… And the spirits needed to give me patience when it came to these two... Or I'd kill them myself before the enemy could. Two children finally emerged from behind the trees, dressed in the clothing I had thrown at them. The young girl quickly stepped behind me, tentatively looking around my waist toward the wolves as the boy stood right next to me, defiantly I might add. "These are my siblings," I explained before turning towards them and