Flower Dr. Bates had never experienced a child with psychopathic tendencies. In his line of work, tending to the children of upper-class families, he mostly dealt with depression, rebellious attitudes, or some traumatic event that the parents were trying to repress in their son or daughter. The worst he ever had was a young teen struggling to move past a sexual assault from when she was a child, from an older female teacher. She struggled to trust her parents who didn't believe her and female authority figures. It had taken time, yes, but Dr. Bates was able to handle it. He was happy to know that the young teen was now a medical student, he exchanged holiday cards with her. Lily Potter was a housewife married to a man from old money, James Potter. Her husband had no real need to work, but he did anyways. As a result of his job, he was often away. It was one of the reasons Lily didn't work herself. She wasn't exactly clear on what he did, but Dr. Bates supposed he didn't require that information. She had found him through a list of associates, to see what could be done about her son, Harry. She had discovered a number of weapons, teeth and other bones from an assortment of animals, and vials filled with blood inside of Harry's room. It was not from an interest in biology, but based out of the pleasure he got from killing. The boy had admitted to his mother after being questioned. Dr. Bates had never dealt with a child like Harry, but he was willing to try. It was just past noon, and he was sitting across from Harry Potter. The boy dressed near entirely in black, the exceptions included the grey of his shorts, a bright red ribbon he had died around his neck, and the shiny silver buttons in his coat. "Do you know why you're here?" Dr. Bates asked. "Mum thinks I'm sick." Harry declared, he leaned back and folded his arms. "I'm not. Seeing you isn't going to make me not want to play." "Is that what you do? Play, with the animals?" Dr. Bates wrote that down in his notepad. Harry saw the murder, mutilation, and collection of trophies as playing. "Yes! It really isn't bad." Harry said. "Is that why you attempted to hide it?" Dr. Bates noted how rapidly Harry's emotions shifted when being confronted. "I knew mum would be mad." Harry pouted. "And of what your father?" Dr. Bates asked. "Dad knows nothing's wrong with me! It's just mum who's making me come here." Harry said. Dr. Bates nodded. "How do you feel, your mother having you see me, and your father's own reaction?" Harry's gaze hardened to a glare. "I don't see why it matters!" He snapped. Bates decided to change the subject, making a small note to return to the topic of Harry's mother's disapproval later. It seemed to upset him, or was close enough to emotions that he considered it too personal to discuss immediately. "Are you often bored, Harry?" He asked. "Is that why you hurt those animals?" "I'm bored all the time because I can never go anywhere. Mum thinks something's going to happen to me every time I leave home." Harry complained. "Do you have any friends in your village?" Dr. Bates asked. Harry hesitated. "No." He admitted. "I've never really been able to talk much." "You're talking easy now." Dr. Bates said. "Yeah, but, it's different." Harry said. "How?" Dr. Bates asked. "Just is." Harry shrugged. The psychologist nodded. "What do you do to escape the boredom? Is it why you hurt the animals?" He repeated his question from earlier. "It was fun." Harry stated. "How was it fun, to you?" Dr. Bates asked. Harry grinned. "It's like busting open a piñata. Cut or hit, out comes toys!" He laughed. It came out as a sickening giggle. Dr. Bates gripped his pen tightly. For a second, just for a second , he didn't see a troubled child. Flower James was sent to pick up Harry from the muggle mind doctor. He didn't quite understand why muggles had mind doctors, or why it was so expensive, but Lily insisted their son needed to see him. He understood it was a bit worrying that Harry was killing animals, but he was willing to bet it was going to fade with time. It might be a sign of an interest in physiology; they should be sending him off to those weekend classes at St. Mungo's where they teach children all sorts of things like first aid and how the body worked. James should send him off to the hospital anyways, he doubted Harry liked going to this mind doctor very much. Maybe going to those St. Mungo's classes would make him happy! "James Potter?" The mind doctor questioned. "That's me." James grinned. "Harry! How was it?" He asked. Harry scurried over to him, tucking himself underneath his arm. "Annoying." He declared, a pout on full-force. James laughed. "Who knows, maybe your mum will be happy with you going today." He said. The mind doctor spoke. "Sir, I advice strongly against it." James looked at him, frowning. "Harry needs to develop coping methods to avoid killing animals in the future or, one day, killing a human being." He stated. "If you say." James said, shrugging. "Bet Harry'll become a Healer with his interest in bodies, yeah?" "Healer?" The mind doctor asked, confused. "Doctor." James corrected himself. He always forgot the terms for muggles. "Well, we'll be off!" "Mrs. Potter knows his next appointment." The mind doctor said. James nodded, scooping his son up in his arms. Even at nine, he was easy to tuck close to his chest and hold tight. He was going to be sad when Harry began to fight being held. As he left the office, the mind doctor carefully watched him. Flower "How did it go?" Lily asked the moment her husband and son stepped into their home. "I should've gone myself, to talk to Dr. Bates-" "Lily, you worry too much!" James laughed. "The mind doctor said something about Harry needing something to cope. And Harry said it was annoying. We shouldn't be making him go-" "He killed animals!" Lily shrieked. "God knows how many! In the muggle, that's something budding serial killers do!" "What does cereal have to do with dead animals? And how would he kill cereal? Lily, this muggle thing doesn't make any sense." James said. "No! Serial! S-e-r-i-a-l! They kill more than three people, over a span of time." Lily said. "Harry needs to find a better output for his… Whatever it is. I don't want my son killing people." James frowned, holding Harry closer to his chest. His son listening, though his head was tucked underneath James' chin. "He wouldn't kill people, Lily. We're better parents than that." He said. "Then why did he kill those animals?" Lily questioned. "James, books say animal cruelty is a for-sure sign of a budding serial killer. Or, at least, a violent murderer. Think, he might end up a Dark wizard!" "He killed those animals because he just doesn't understand death. He told me himself they never struggled or made a lot of noise." James said. "Surely, you can't think our son enjoyed killing them for the pleasure of killing them? Or for the idea of causing them harm? I know Harry better than that. He's a good boy. I think he just has an interest in bodies. We should send him to St. Mungo's for those weekend classes they have for kids. I bet they'd help more than some muggle mind healer, doctor, whichever." "No, James." Lily snapped. "I won't be encouraging his desire to cut things open!" "You're only seeing the worst in him! He's nine years old, Lily!" James snapped back. He was beginning to get annoyed. He loved his wife dearly, but the more he sat on it, the more he hated his son going to the mind doctor. He was probably filling Harry's head with lies about how wrong or freakish he was. James didn't like that. He loved his wife, but he would choose his son over her any day. "Nine years old or not, one day he's going to be an adult. If we don't put a lid on this now, he could easily end up hurting people, not just animals." Lily said. "That's what you think." James snapped. "You ever think all these budding killers of yours in the muggle world were driven to insanity by the belief of everyone around them, that they were going to be bad anyways, so you might as well as treat them bad. They were probably forced to that state of mind! Might have nothing to do with the animal killing!" "James, you just don't understand what I'm saying." Lily dismissed him. "You know, you should coddling Harry the way you do. I love him, I do, but you still treat him as though he's a baby. Look at you, you're holding him like he's still a year old!" "Why shouldn't I get to hold my son?" James said. "I'm not going to talk to you when you're like this. I'm taking Harry up to his room. And I'm going to put him in the St. Mungo's classes. If you have a problem with it, take it to the mind doctor." He snapped. "This, children, is what we call a dummy cadaver." Healer Knight said, gesturing to the the fake, naked body laying across a shiny steel table. "See, we Healers use it to study the human body and to practice techniques so we can better help living people. Since this is a beginner's class, we're going to start with with very basic things." Harry is sitting between two bored-looking, older boys. Harry doesn't understand how they can't be interested in what the Healer is talking about. The Healer pulled down on a string from the ceiling and revealed a large, intricate map of thumb-thick arteries and fingernail-thin veins. "In every human body, we all have veins that carry our blood around. It spreads oxygen and nutrients. The heart," He tapped the heart in the center of the the figure. "Powers it all. Any questions?" No one spoke up. He began to point at different spots. "These are our major arteries. If they are cut, we're in serious trouble. Most of the time, we can handle these injuries if they're taken to us Healers quickly enough. When you see a lot of blood, the first thing you have to do is judge whether it hit a major artery and see how much it's bleeding. If the cut isn't very deep or if it rapidly bleeding, then the worry is less, but if the cut is a deep wound the blood will no doubt come out in strong bursts." He said. "We're going to learn how to handle these very basic wounds. We'll start with simple first-aid to handle things like paper cuts and pricks from a knife." "Who wants to volunteer?" Healer Knight pulled out a silver scalpel. Harry shot his arm in the air. "Eager!" The Healer laughed. "Alright, come up here." He said. Harry stood up and rushed over. "Now, everyone, I'm going to cut a small line in the center of his palm." The Healer said. "This is a simple cut that can be troublesome for the injured, because it's easy to reopen. For the larger cuts, they're tightly bandaged or quickly healed with a spell. Our classes, however, will use as little as magic as possible because you never know when you won't have your wand with you, if you already have one." The Healer ran the edge of the scalpel's blade in a straight line across Harry's palm. It prickled and blood began to bubble along the cut. "You okay?" The Healer asked. Harry nodded his head. "Alright. So, kids,