Amber Harry sat on the armrest to the left of the Dark Lord, watching as two masked Death Eaters dragged in a prisoner. He used to feel more self-conscious in his ordered role, in the things he was forced to wear, but he had grown used to it. The silk and lace was soft, the armrest was comfortable, and Voldemort was stellar in bed. The prisoner was no one Harry recognized. Luckily, the Death Eater to his left introduced her. "Elizabeth Bates, my Lord." He said. "What did she do?" Harry asked. "She's the mudblood who injured one of our own " Voldemort said, placing his hand on Harry's thigh and rubbing the bare skin there. "What do you think we should do with her?" "I dunno." Harry shrugged. It wasn't his place to choose punishments. The mudblood glared at them both. "What happened to you?" She spat. "You used to be the Boy-Who-Lived, now you're just the Boy-Who-Became-A- Whore ." Voldemort's hand left Harry's thigh. The Dark Lord stood. "Oh my, someone's forgotten her place." He said. "Silly girl, bravery has no place here." He pointed his wand, twitching it just slightly up . Elizabeth let out a shrill scream, head thrown back. Her body shook, eyes rolling back into her skull and blood seeping out of her ears. Voldemort twisted his wand down . Her body stopped moving, becoming limp. The two Death Eater hoisted her up, forcing her to maintain the position she was dragged in as- knees on the ground and back straight, or almost anyways. "Tell me, mudblood. I'll show mercy if you answer my questions." Voldemort said. She gasped, head rolling side to down. No response . Harry leaned back and folded his right leg over the left. He felt as though he's seen the same thing a million times by now. He remembered how he used to shake, trying to block out the screams and pretend he was anywhere but there. He's grown used to it, though. Didn't enjoy it, he wasn't nearly sadistic enough for that. He's become numb . "Who planned the attack on Diagon?" Voldemort asked. The mudblood didn't answer. Voldemort raised his wand. She gasped. "Granger! Hermione Granger! Please! Don't use that spell again!" She shrieked. Voldemort smiled, all teeth. "Mercy for the mudblood." He proclaimed. "You two, cut her throat." "Not the Killing Curse, my Lord?" The Death Eater to the right asked. "She injured one of our own. Mercy is death, but she still is owed a bit of pain with it." Voldemort stated. "Do not question me again." He turned around and returned to his chair- his throne . One of the Death Eaters transfigured a paper from their pocket into a simple dagger. The other ran the blade's edge across her throat, side to side. He pushed it so much force, the mudblood's head was nearly severed. Blood gushed out onto the floor. Harry scrunched his nose. "Nasty." He said. "Indeed." Voldemort said, calmly sitting back down on his seat. Harry slid from the armrest onto the man's lap. As the Death Eaters dragged the dead body out of the room, Voldemort maneuvered Harry's legs until he was straddling his thighs. "Tell me, will you complain when I kill Granger here?" Harry bit his bottom lip. He still loved Hermione, and Ron and all of the Weasley's who were always so kind to him, but it wasn't his place to fight for their lives. Not anymore. "I won't." He said. "Will you cry?" Voldemort asked. "I might." Harry admitted. "I still care for her." "Mercy might be shown to her." Voldemort said. "Payment for her actions against me, but I will give her death once I take what knowledge I need from her. Will that please you?" "Could you use the Killing Curse for her? And could I give her a proper burial?" Harry asked. "You may." Voldemort said, his hands placed at either side of Harry's waist. "Do you ask the same for any of the others?" Harry slowly nodded. "It is granted. Voldemort is kind to his consort." The Dark Lord softly kissed Harry's chin. "I will use spells that do not draw blood. I know it would upset you." "Thank you, my Lord." Harry smiled. He kissed his Lord's cheekbone, then his nose. Harry supposed, in a way, he loved the Dark Lord. He wondered if there was ever even a possibility he wouldn't fall for him, as long as he's been with him. Amber In 1996, Harry had gone to the Ministry of Magic under the belief Voldemort was torturing his godfather. It was a trick, Sirius hadn't even been at the Ministry then. It was a ploy to have Harry take the Prophecy and to take Harry. He was fifteen then, he had no chance against the Dark Lord. He was forced into many things then, but he had grown used to them. Then, he had come to enjoy most of them or simply just didn't care anymore. Sirius had come to him a year after he was taken. Harry had convinced Voldemort to spare him, allowing the man to live in a cottage with no doors out and a fireplace which Harry could come through to visit him. By then, Harry had already begun his quick fall as an obedient consort. It had taken time to convince his godfather that Harry had come to like his place by the Dark Lord, even more time to convince him not to try to fight Voldemort or 'rescue' Harry. He couldn't imagine his life apart from Voldemort by then, he had to make sure his godfather wouldn't try to separate them. Now, Sirius was his guard. He was given Peter Pettigrew to kill in return for his loyalty to Harry and, thus, the Dark Lord. Peter Pettigrew wasn't shown any mercy. Harry had slowly stopped thinking about his friends and loved ones. If they happened to cross paths with the Dark Lord, he asked for mercy or a pardon. Remus Lupin and Nymphadora Tonks lived peacefully in the transformed London, with a son born in 1998 and another on the way. Fred Weasley was spared from death during an attack, even though Harry wasn't there to ask. Voldemort had come to immediately spare those who were kind to Harry as long as they did not pose a major threat, after Harry had spent a month mourning the death of Neville Longbottom. Hermione was. It made Harry sad, knowing she was going to die. He hoped she hadn't closely involved too many others. He feared Ron would be dragged in by her side, with too much evidence that he'd pose a problem like she did. He had lost his best friends years ago, but he didn't want them dead. He still dearly loved them both . Amber Harry stood quietly next to Lord Voldemort as the wizard talked to the stammer French Minister of Magic. The man was absolutely pathetic , and despite the Dark Lord's annoyance he was being patient. He was attempting to continue to foster well relations between France and Great Britain, to ensure any escapees or 'refugees' would be immediately returned to him. "Will you two ever have any children?" The Minister suddenly questioned. "I don't mean to impose, of course, my Lord! I am just…" He gulped, glancing down at his shoes. "Curious." "Curiosity kills the cat." Harry chirped. "I…What?" The Minister blinked. "An heir will be born when I have complete control of Britain." Voldemort said. "However, I prefer not to be asked such personal questions." His grin made the Minister turn pale. "Of course! Well, um, if you excuse me, I think I see my wife calling for me!" The Minister's voice was squeaky like a rodent's. He bolted away from them, practically running to his confused-looking wife. Harry laughed. "My Lord, you scare him too much." He said. "That sentence makes no sense." Voldemort said. He wrapped his arm loosely around Harry, placing his hand on Harry's side. "Come, I would like to dance." "I promise not to step on your feet too much." Harry said, smiling. Amber In 1996, the Dark Lord Voldemort kidnapped Harry Potter from the Ministry of Magic. His return was officially announced and the Wizarding World delved into panic. Two years of seemingly random attacks, muggle disappearances, and surprisingly few deaths passed by fairly quickly. The Wizarding World seemed to have forgotten the Boy-Who-Lived, except for those closes to him. They filled the Order of the Phoenix as the last force that stood against the Dark Lord. Late 1998, London was attacked by an army of Dementors. The muggle world saw a massive terrorist attack that destroyed the city. Over seven million muggles died. Their bodies were banished or burned by the squads of Death Eaters that stormed the story after the Dementors left. London was transformed into a capital for the Dark Lord's forces. The city was squashed, every muggle building scrubbed off of the face of the Earth. In its place came grand new buildings designed by architects and the Dark Lord himself to become the Wizarding capital of the world. Similar attacked carried all throughout Great Britain. Muggles were perplexed by the continued attacks, but soon the British government fell. A war began in their honor, but the Dark Lord had no interest in such things. He was transforming Great Britain into a purely Wizarding nation. Land was sectioned off for different groups of magical beings; giants, werewolves, centaurs, vampires, and trolls. Land reserves were made for magical creatures who had no sentience, too, to ensure their happy, continued existence. The pollution that had been left by muggles was cleansed. Forests erupted through the help of magic over chunks of land that had been stripped bare, life bloomed. Hundreds of thousands of witches and wizards immigrated from across the world, seeing an amazing life waiting for them under the Dark Lord's control. In the present time, 2005, the Order of the Phoenix was a small but incredibly painful thorn in the Dark Lord's side. They laid damage to many of the great monuments, 'rescuing' mudblood children from their orphanages, destroying random villages and killing lists of witches and wizards. At the head was Hermione Granger, who still strived to find her old friend and save him from the Dark Lord. Amber "' Our Dark Lord Voldemort, Emperor of the British Isles, conqueror of muggles, descendant of the great Salazar Slytherin, and our great leader .'" Harry read from the Daily Prophet, in a small italicized paragraph underneath a picture of the Dark Lord. "Did you write this?" He asked. "No." Voldemort said. He sipped his goblet of wine. "Isn't that yesterday's edition?" Harry nodded. "I didn't read it and Sirius saved it for me." He said. "It mentions the library I'm building!" He said, looking over the papers. "Did you have them mention it?" Voldemort hesitated. "Yes." He said. "It should be advertised. The first public library in the Wizarding World, completely accessible to all. It's a major achievement, it should be advertised." "Further proof of the greatness of your empire." Harry said. "It is not an empire, not yet." Voldemort said. "Not until I finish off the Order." "You should conquer Spain." Harry decided. "And Italy. I'd like a beach villa." He said. "I will consider it." Voldemort said. "Eat, your food is going to get cold." Harry nodded and folded up the newspaper, setting it to the side. He preferred eating dinner just with the Dark Lord. When they had company, it was a multiple course meal and too many silverware and different goblets for different drinks. He hated it, barely knew the etiquette enough so he wouldn't embarrass himself. When it was just them, it was simply dinner followed by dessert. "Be prepared, tomorrow Hermione Granger is going to be brought in." Voldemort said. "You've found her?" Harry asked, confused. "We have found her