Choices All things considered, Harry's life was extraordinarily ordinary . He attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from autumn to spring, playing in the Slytherin Quidditch team as the Seeker, involved with the Dueling Club. During the summer holidays, he attended Quidditch matches with his father and spent every other weekend with his mother and his half-siblings. He went to the occasional dueling tournament and broom race. His godfather showered him with gifts and affection and trips to foreign places. He wrote to his friends during the summer and, during the school year, spent large sums of his time with them. The oddest thing that could be dug up about Harry had to be him fancying boys more than he fancied girls. He was sure there was all sorts of speculation on that. His mother leaving him and his father at such a young age damaging some part of him that kept him from trusting witches enough to love them, maybe he was making a fetish out of some horrible event when he was a child. As Rita Skeeter brought up whenever Harry's father had to be mentioned, James Potter raised his son in such an isolated place in such an isolated way. "How could a boy turn out with only his father's influence?" It wasn't all that odd, though. There were plenty of wizards who fancied other wizards. It existed in the muggle world, too. Not common enough to be considered uncommon, but it was still there. Harry did try a few times to like a girl. He dated Daphne Greengrass, tried to date Cho Chang, spent a week snogging with Pansy Parkinson before he decided he just couldn't do it. There was always something missing in the interactions that kept them from being truly enjoyable. Something their soft bodies lacked and plump lips couldn't provide. He stopped trying to date girls by the end of his fifth year. So, really, the totally normal and average Harry Potter had one thing that wasn't normal and average and it wasn't something society rejected or anything like that. It was basically, "Whatever." Harry didn't get why so many people had the urge to be unique and amazing, no one was the same but no one was so different from everybody else that they were better or worse. The most troubling thing in Harry's life wasn't the forced visits to his mother and her family, or even his dad's stash of liquor and firewhiskey-smelling coffee in the morning. All of those things were manageable or didn't really effect him. He could deal with his mother and his stepfather and his half-siblings for three days every other week. He could make sure his dad didn't drink too much and, if he did, make sure his dad got into bed and didn't fall asleep in the drawing room chair. So those things were manageable . The most troublesome thing, was Harry's pickiness about who he liked. Girls were obviously out the window, but when he tried liking them they were easy to pick which ones he wanted. With boys, the ones he innately liked, it was for some reason harder. Hard to choose which one he'd actually like to snog. He kept his interactions with them hidden away in small moments, but he learned quick what he liked and didn't like. It came down to a grand total of things. Some things could be ignored if they had this or that . Snog didn't sound right with what he liked. Neither did kissing or making out . It was on a thin line of sex, preferably with him pinned against something or trapped in some corner, with someone who wouldn't let him go even if he wanted to be let go. He didn't care if who he was with was short or chubby or fat or lanky or somewhere in the zone of "How is he this muscular at seventeen?", they just had to have that level of strength that hurt when they gripped him and the level of confidence where they wouldn't hesitate to. Someone who had a nice laugh and pretty eyes. A deep voice made him melt and the right type of smirk turned him into soft clay. Harry's closest friend, Draco Malfoy, tried to help him. He tended to fail, though. "If I liked wizards I'd want him!" Draco defended, huffing and folding his arms across his chest. "What don't you like about him?" "For one, he's dating Cho Chang." Harry said. "Second, he's too soft. He hugs her in the hallways and just follows her around." "That's stupid reasoning." Draco said. "He dated some boy once. So obviously he's uncertain or likes both witches and wizards." "I'd be a cunt if I stole someone's boyfriend." Harry said, shaking his head. "And, again, soft ." "Soft." Draco repeated. He scratched his chin. "Okay what about Weasley? I don't see him dating anyone and he's a total oaf." "He's my friend. Gross." Harry dismissed immediately. Harry had decided it'd be years before he met a wizard he really liked . Choices The summer after Harry's sixth year landed him at his mother's for a month. His dad had gotten injured in the job, had to stay at St. Mungo's until they deemed him capable of taking care of himself. He was going to turn 17 in July, but that didn't matter. And Harry should've gone straight to his godfather, but for some stupid reason his dad thought he should spend some time with his "mum". He hadn't been with her for longer than a week since he was six, when she left his dad to marry The Greasy Git/Severus Snape. Harry had three half-siblings; Rosemary, Scilla, and Dahlia. Rosemary was born in 1988, Scilla in 1990, and Dahlia in 1992. By the time any of them entered Hogwarts, he'd be long-gone, thank Merlin. They were nice, though, and not completely awful. They were always filled with questions and couldn't understand why he wasn't always with them, complained whenever he left, and loved him even though he rarely saw them. "We can do all sorts of things together!" His mother proclaimed. "Isn't that right Severus?" She turned to her husband. Severus Snape raised his brow, turned his eyes to Harry, then back to his wife. "Yes." He said. She beamed. Harry didn't really like The Greasy Git. It wasn't his fault his mother had left his dad, so he didn't not like him for that. No, he hated him because The Greasy Git would pretend to be nice in front of his mother, but the moment she was gone, he'd become the prick Harry knew he was. He didn't hate the man, though. There wasn't enough for him to hate him. Harry doubted, if he was married to someone he loved, he'd like their kid from a previous marriage to someone who had them before he did, living proof that he didn't have them first. So he didn't hate him, but he certainly didn't like him . The best thing had happened during that month. Harry never could've predicted it. The month he lived with his mother, he met Tom Riddle. Severus ran a potions shop in Knockturn Alley and often filled orders for Tom Riddle, who was apparently a very busy man and couldn't be bothered to make something as simple as a Pepper-Up Potion. Harry didn't know all the details, only that Severus pretty much worked for the wizard. Despite Tom Riddle's youthful appearance- he barely looked thirty- he was decades older than Severus, many more than Harry. Born sometime in the 1920's, according to his mother. Harry didn't know how he looked so young. It wasn't as though he didn't age, but he wasn't filled with wrinkles someone his age should be and didn't have a single grey hair. He walked like the air was carrying him and was so absolutely beautiful Harry couldn't believe he was just another wizard. Harry was there during one of his visits, about a week into his stay. He had been roped into helping his mother clean the dishes after breakfast. His half-sisters had rushed out to be kept from being forced to help, too. He was drying a plate when Severus walked into the kitchen with Tom Riddle trailing after him, tall and handsome and attention-dragging like something out of those romance novels Hermione tried to pretend she didn't read. "This is my stepson, Harry." Severus introduced him shortly after Lily said hello. "Tom Riddle." The wizard introduced himself, tilting his head slightly forward. Harry's throat had become dry and he almost forgot to say something. "Um, hi." He managed to say. And Tom Riddle barely even reacted, lips just twitched slightly. "Eloquent, isn't he?" Riddle commented. "Very." Severus drily said. Harry blushed and he quickly returned to drying dishes. When they left, Harry wondered if he'd ever see the wizard again and wondered if it'd ever even matter. He pretended he didn't see his mother's knowing gleam when she told him to go find his (half) sisters, telling him to gather them up. They were going to go to Diagon Alley for some quick shopping. To Harry's surprise, he did see Tom Riddle again. Frequently, actually. He didn't know why he'd never seen him before, until he realized he never came on the weekends and only every other Monday and plenty during the week. Basically, the days Harry was never around. His half-sisters were obviously very used to him, made up a radius around him and never crossed into it. When he asked why, they told him he was scary, couldn't he tell? Harry could see why they thought the wizard was scary, but he was too distracted by the wizard's whole 'handsome' thing to really care about that. Tom Riddle did have an aura that screamed he'd stab you and laugh while you bled on the floor. If he was being completely honest with himself, he doubted he'd care much he the wizard stabbed him, laughed, and left him to bleed to death. Harry saw Tom Riddle a lot, but they were never in the same room. They never talked more than a sentence to each other, during the dinners when the older wizard stayed. He mostly talked to his mother and to the Greasy Git. Harry felt honored whenever he was given even a word then disgusted with himself shortly after. Though who couldn't get a crush on Tom Riddle, Harry didn't want to develop a crush then wallow in self-pity after he finished his stay with his mother when his dad got out of St. Mungo's. The last week he was with his mother, and the last time he'd see Tom Riddle during that visit though he didn't know that then, Harry was left alone in the kitchen with him when Severus left to fetch that day's batch of potions. His half-sisters were outside and his mother was watching them. They were alone. Harry almost didn't realize it, fidgeting with that morning's copy of the Daily Prophet the moment Tom came in. "Hello, Harry." He yelped. Just a little bit. "Hi." He said after yelping, and it was a squeak, and Harry briefly wondered if he was turning into a rodent. Tom Riddle walked directly behind him and loomed , staring down at the newspaper. "I can't say I enjoy the Daily Prophet . The writers are mediocre, but everyone gets their information from the thing and I don't like being behind." He said. "I, uh," Harry folded the bottom left corner of the paper. "I guess." He felt a hand creep over his shoulder. "Tell me, Harry , do I make you nervous ?" "No!" Harry was squeaking again. "W-why do you think I'm nervous?" Riddle chuckled. It was a deep thing and, yup, Harry was going to cry when he returned with his father and couldn't see, hear , this wizard anymore. "Just a guess."