Chapter One Disclaimer : I do not own Harry Potter, JK Rowling does and unfortunately I am not her. Summary : After the Second Wizarding War, a Guardian was given to each child of the main families that helped in the war. They were all tasked with a simple job, protect their allocated person with their life. Somehow, Freya screwed it up in the biggest way. She fell in love. There are going to be a lot of OCs, but the focus is going to be on Freya. I also realise that I've written the word 'Guardians' quite a few times, so I apologise in advance! Also, this is the first AU that I've written, so please be nice! Enjoy! HARRY POTTER June, 2002 Kingsley Shacklebolt sat at his desk, looking through a load of documents. The Second Wizarding War had only just ended no more than four years ago, and many things were still so raw for people. His heart went out for the people who had lost family members and loved ones. Kingsley had made it his mission to ensure that every fallen Wizard and Witch was given a send-off they deserved. Sighing deeply, Kingsley looks down at the documents. Now, he was dealing with all the rouge Death Eaters, still loyal to Voldemort. Ever since the fall of their Dark Lord, many had renounced their loyalty, like the Malfoys. However, there were others that didn't. The Death Eaters still loyal to Voldemort had been attacking muggles in organised chaos which was very unnerving. He was sending many Auror's after them, but the Death Eaters always seemed to be able to get away in time. It was hard being the Minister of Magic, especially when dealing with the aftermath of war. There was a knock on his door, alerting him of someone's presence. "Enter." Kingsley says, his voice sounding commanding and strong. No one could see him weak otherwise they might try and get him out of office. The door opens and a man steps inside. This man was tall and looked to be in his early thirties. He had salt and pepper hair that seemed thick was pushed back. His eyes were a brilliant icy blue and his three piece suite showed he was wealthy. "Lance, what is it you want?" Kingsley asks, frowning when he sees who it is. Lance Johnson was an Auror, and a very good one. He had been helping Kingsley with the paper work regarding the Death Eaters and was leading the teams to eliminate them and bring them to justice. Lance was very well respected, seeing as he was trained under Moody himself. Lance walks further into the room, "I'm afraid I have some disturbing news." He says, his face becoming grim. Kingsley waves his hand, indicating to get it over with. "After interrogating a Death Eater, I've found out that they're planning another uprising." Lance informs him. This gets him Kingsley full attention. "What?" Kingsley asks in an incredulous tone. The War had only just ended, and now the Death Eaters were planning another attack. The thought was preposterous, people hadn't got over the Second Wizard War; there couldn't a third so close together. Lance nods his head, "Unfortunately yes. It would seem as though Voldemort had a backup plan in case he should fail. He made sure to have a spawn." Kingsley brings his hands up and rubs his temple, "Then we need to find this child and eliminate it." The thought of killing a child disgusted him, but if it meant there would be no war in the future then he would do it. There weren't many Auror's who would be willing to do this job either, which was going to make this very difficult. "The only trouble is, we don't actually know where or who the spawn is." Lance admits, not looking too happy with this bit of information. Standing up from his desk, Kingsley stood up and began to pace. This wasn't good news either, and if anyone found out there would be wide state panic. If word got out that Voldemort had a child, every child may come under suspicion. It would become chaotic and the Death Eaters would be able to slip through the cracks. "This information must not leave this room." Kingsley says, looking to Lance with the most serious face he could muster. Lance nods his head, "Of course." Sighing deeply, Kingsley deflated slightly. "I do have a suggestion though." Lance says, looking slightly nervous. Kingsley looks up, "What is it?" "There is a chance to stop the spawn of Voldemort when it's a teenager. There is a very good chance that it will attend Hogwarts." Lance suggests. Kingsley took a seat at his desk once more, interest on his face. "You'll need to explain more." Lance nods his head, "As you know, all the war heroes families have been receiving threats. The threats circulating around their children and how they are going to attack them first. Harry Potter's god child – Theodore Lupin – has also been receiving threats and I imagine it will only get worse when Harry and Ginny do eventually have their own children." Looking down at a pile of documents on his desk sat all he death threats each family had received. The Potter, Weasleys, Lovegoods, Longbottoms and even the Malfoys have received death threats. However, the Ministry had managed to intercept these letter before any of the families could receive them. The Weasleys had received more at this point due to the fact Bill and Fleur Weasley had already had their first child together – Victoire Weasley. "What are you getting at?" Kingsley asks, looking at Lance with more caution in his eyes. Lance grins widely, making his icy blue eyes to almost glow. "To prevent the War Hero's children getting potentially harmed, I propose that we give each child a Guardian. They will guard them and look out for any potential threats. At the same time, they will be able to listen out for any chance of Voldemort's spawn." Kingsley fell silent, staring at Lance. Taking a step forward, Lance places some documents on Kingsley's desk. "Read through this, it will make more sense." He says, seeming very confident. Kingsley looks at the paper with a blank expression. After a few seconds, he picks the documents up and begins to read it. There were only three pieces of paper, making it very easy to read through. The document was well outlined and was actually convincing, until Kingsley read one part. "You propose sending children to be their Guardians?" He asks, his tone becoming icy. He re-read this one line, making sure that he wasn't mistaken or he had read it wrong. Lance nods his head, "Yes, they will be specially trained though. That way they can fit in and no one would suspect them. If a load of Auror's appeared in Hogwarts then it would look suspicious." "They're children!" Kingsley exclaims, standing up from his sitting position. "Death Eaters don't care who they kill. They will kill children, but they won't expect children to fight back. You also can't spare any Auror's either, they're all busy." Lance shoots back immediately, it was as though he was ready for this. Kingsley sighs and fall back into his chair. Looking up, Kingsley asks. "What makes you think the children will be targeted?" He asks, trying to poke holes in Lance's proposal. But in all honesty, it was a pretty solid one and it made sense. But he didn't like the thought of children fighting and he knew many other people wouldn't like the idea either. "Would it interest you to know the Death Eater I interrogated also had plans to kidnap Victoire Weasley?" Lance asks, arching an eyebrow at him. Kingsley frowns. He hadn't heard of this before and this concerned him. He knew that Death Eaters didn't care who they hurt or the age of the people they were killing. That's what made them dangerous and unpredictable. Sighing, Kingsley asks. "How do you plan on getting people on board?" He was more curious than anything. "I plan to have children of ex-Death Eaters in the course. It would give them a chance at redeeming themselves and at the same time we can still monitor them." Lance explains with ease. Falling silent, Kingsley began to think. After a few seconds, he look up. "Alright, I agree to this proposal. But it must be kept hidden from everyone. No one must know about this. I trust you to monitor it and look after it." As he said this, his voice became commanding once more, making sure to emphasise how serious this was. Kingsley knew that if any of the families found out, there would be outrage. Lance's icy blue eyes lit up. "Of course. I will ensure no one will ever find out about this." Kingsley nods his head, and motions to dismiss him. Lance walks out the office, the happy look in his eyes soon turning malicious. HARRY POTTER November 2012 A little girl around eight years old could be seen, sitting on the window sill of her room. Freya had long brown hair and stormy grey eyes. As Freya was looking out the window, a frown was the most prominent thing on her face. She had been sent up by her mother because they had a visitor. Freya didn't know who this person was, but she knew that it had to be someone of high importance to make her mother and father sweat so much. "Freya! Come down this instance!" The shout of her mother echoed through the entire house. Looking at the door, Freya wordlessly got up and headed towards her door. She walked down the tall stairs and walked into the living room. Her mother and father sat on one couch, and the visitor on the other side. Freya's mother – Vivienne Williams was a tall women with long brown hair and brown eyes. Her eyes were beady and her nose long. Her top lip was thinner and could hardly be seen. Her father – Rupert Williams was also a tall men, with a beard that covered most of his face and stormy grey eyes much like his daughter. "Yes, mother?" Freya asks her mother, her little voice low and quiet. The visitor turns his head at the sound of her voice. The minute Freya looked into his icy blue eyes, she felt a shiver rip through her. She knew those eyes, but she knew who those eyes belonged to more than anything. Freya had heard her parents speak much about Lance Johnson, they practically worshiped the ground he walked on. But Freya had always been creeped out by him and shied away, choosing to hide behind her older sister, but she couldn't do that anymore. Lance smiles when he sees her, "Hello Freya. What a beautiful young girl you are." Freya says nothing and stares at him. She never spoke around him if she could help it – a little fact her parents didn't like much. "I promise you Lance, she'll do better than Lydia." Vivienne says, staring at Lance with adoration in her eyes. Freya winces, looking down at the ground. Lance seems to ignore her and stands up, walking over to the youngest member of the family. When close enough, he kneels down in front of her. "How would you feel about doing something amazing and great for the Wizarding community?" He asks, his voice becoming sickly sweet. Freya's gaze locks onto her mother's. Vivienne was glaring at her, silently commanding her to do what the man wanted. She then looked to her father and found him with a blank expression, revealing nothing. Looking back at the man in front of her, she asks. "What do you want me to do?" The smile on Lance's face only grows bigger. "You are going to guard someone, protect them from any harm." As