A/N I AM SO SORRY FOR MY LATENESS. Seriously. But, the thing is I have a somewhat valid reason. I just started up an intensive summer course. Basically, we're shoving a semester's worth of work into just 4 weeks. So, yeah. Homework is very terrible. XD I am also a figure skater, so that also tends to take up a lot of my time. The course ends on June 27, so you can expect faster updates after that. But don't worry, if ever it takes me this long to write another chapter, at least you know the reason now. And if you ever wanna know how far along I am in a chapter, don't be shy to PM me! So, here is the District 1 reaping! Hope you all like it, and for those two who's tributes are seen here, (or anyone really) let me know if I've done anything wrong (review or PM are both okay with me! Whatever you prefer.) Also, please read the authors note at the end, because I will be explaining some things. But before then, enjoy the reapings! Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games. Clos Gold POV Heavy breathing. Sore muscles. The sound of metal clashing on metal. Everything I've ever known. The same thing morning after morning, day after day, week after week, year after year. All of it will come to an end today. Because, in just one hour, is the Reaping. The Hunger Games is what I was made for. The reason I was born. My entire life revolves around it. I've been training for it since I was just eight years old. My own parents often tell me that the only reason they had me was to produce another victor, another piece to the family legacy. And I'm okay with that. That's what its all about, isn't it? Bringing pride to my district, and to my family. I ponder all of this as I slash my sword into another training dummy. I don't even know why I came to the training center this morning. I know I'm ready. I was always the best trainer in my age group, and every challenge became too easy for me years ago. But my father woke me up at the crack of dawn as he always does. There is no such thing as "too much training" for my dad, Gold Gold. Yes, you read that right. Gold Gold. My grandfather was a strange man. All of the dummies have been effectively destroyed – as usual. I take a quick glance around the training room, only to see that all the other stations are either extremely occupied or have been completely destroyed by various weapons. Of course everyone would try to get some last minute training done on the morning of the reaping, especially the oldest ones. Who knows how many of us plan to volunteer this year…but, in the end, it will be me. It was always me. I will be the fastest one to volunteer, and I will win. It's obvious. I must bring pride to the distict. Continue the family legacy. There is no other option. Well, I guess I can go home now. I need to get some last minute quality time with Platinum, my girlfriend. We have been dating for almost two years now, and she is honestly the best thing that has ever happened to me. She is one of the few people in this district who is actually worth something to me, and is actually worth being with me. After quickly patting my sweaty face dry with a towel, I gather my things and start for home, which is only about a five minute walk away from the training centre. I wave to a group of boys my age on the way out. They better not be thinking of volunteering. They're gonna have a very rude awakening, I think to myself, it's my year. My honour. I must bring pride to my district, and to my family. As I walk to my house, I begin to daydream about the games. Who will the other tributes be? What will they be like? Surely, none of them will be as talented or amazing as me. Not even the other Careers. I will be the leader of that alliance for sure. I am pulled out of a particularly enjoyable daydream of me slashing some twelve-year-old kid with my sword by the sight of my house coming into view, and mentally prepare myself for the inevitable questions that will be tossed my way upon entering it. "How was training, Clos?" my mother would ask. These are the only words she ever says to me. Then my father will surely make some negative remark, as usual. I sigh and push the door open, mentally bracing myself. I am immediately greeted by my mother, with her long blond hair and striking blue eyes. A lot of people think I look like her, but I tend to disagree. "Hello Clos. How did your training go?" Typical. "It went fine, mom, just as it always does." I reply, somewhat sarcastic. My father then steps in, as usual. "Didn't stay there all too long, did you? You realize today is reaping day, right? How could you go into the games with only barely an hour of training? All those years, down the drain…" I head up the stairs, tuning him out. I wonder if he knows that my training skills are better than his ever were. I watched his Hunger Games once. He literally almost got beat by the female from District 11. Not very flattering, if you ask me. But I'll show him. I'll show them all. I will win those games and they'll regret ever having doubted me. I quickly undress and step into the shower, turning the water up to the hottest temperature it can reach. I close my eyes as the warmth floods over me, washing away all my father's negative comments along with the dirt. Maura Elaine James POV I am awakened by the sound of a baby's cries. I sigh, burying my face deeper into my pillow. Normally, I don't mind taking care of little Rose in the slightest, although it is harder to be cheerful on just barely 3 hours of sleep. I couldn't help it. I was nervous. Today is Reaping day. I don't even know what that IS, but my family sounded unhappy whenever they spoke of it. I moved to this strange country called Panem just two years ago. I wanted to spend the summer with my aunt and uncle, as well as my foster cousin, Amelie Beaumont, whom I had never met. I had learned a lot about this country's history, and it seemed like a promising, prosperous place. I wasn't necessarily disappointed upon arrival, although it wasn't really what I was expecting. The first time I saw Amelie, she called me a foreigner. Oh, how I hate that word. I think it's so degrading and mean. The word had me seeing red, and before I could even process what I was doing my fist was swinging towards her face and I nearly sent her sprawling to the ground. I immediately regretted it, but she ran home before I could even utter an apology. I apologized to her later that day in her room. She never called me a foreigner again. Although, while I was apologizing, I noticed she had a baby in her arms. Rose. She was trying (and miserably failing) to put the baby to sleep. And so I did what I do best. I sang. I made up the words completely on the spot, singing about the moon and the stars and little Rose. When the baby was finally asleep, Amelie looked at me with an admiring gaze, and that's when I apologized to her. Eventually, summer came to an end. However, I found myself desperately wanting to stay. I had gotten close to Ami. She made me feel so special. The way I felt around her was different from the way I had felt around anyone before. And so, I stayed. It took some convincing, but I stayed. Ami and I got closer and closer, until eventually our friendship turned into something more. I could tell my aunt and uncle were uncomfortable with it but I couldn't find it in me to care. Neither could Ami. We ignored the hate and the rumors and lived happily together. And we still do. Crying babies and all. Rose's cries finally stop, and I assume that Ami has gotten up to feed her, which leaves me feeling sort of guilty. I head down the stairs in my pajamas, finding Ami in the kitchen attempting to fill a baby bottle with milk while holding Rose under one arm at the same time. "I'll take that!" I exclaim, snatching the bottle and milk carton out of Ami's hands and filling the rest of it for her. "Good morning to you, too." She says with a grin, tossing her strawberry blond hair out of her face. I grin back at her and kiss her lightly on the cheek, right on her freckles. Her freckles have always been one of my favorite things about her, physically. "Ma-ruh!" Rose cries out with delight, mispronouncing my name the same way she always does. "Good morning, baby!" I reply, my face breaking into a smile. I kiss her the same way I kissed Ami on the cheek, and she lets out a happy squeal. "So, Reaping day is today, huh?" Ami says, her face suddenly growing more serious, green eyes piercing. "I still don't know what that means." I reply, heading over to the fridge to put the milk away. "You guys have been talking about it for a week now. Care to explain fully?" Ami remains silent for so long that I almost think she won't answer me. I close the fridge door, and lean against it, crossing my arms over my chest. "Ami…" I warn. She shifts nervously. "Well, you remember when I told you about the Hunger Games, right?" "Oh, that terrible thing, of course I remember." "Well, today is the day they pick who goes in." We stare at each other for a long time, Rose looking curiously back and forth between us. "It's okay." I finally say, "Neither one of us will get picked. Besides, it's the last time both of us are even eligible, right? We're eighteen! Plus, you said it yourself that people in your district actually train for this. We won't be picked." I realize I sound a bit desperate, but it's the only way I can convince myself. I change the subject immediately. "So, where are Uncle Brian and Aunt Kaitlyn?" I ask. "Oh, they're out running errands. They left a note on the table. They should be back soon." She replies. I nod my head and head over to the living room, where Rose's stash of toys and dolls are kept. "So, who's down for a game of hospital with the stuffed animals as our patients?" Clos Gold POV I shake my wet hair dry and lift my gaze up to the mirror. Come to think of it, maybe I do kind of resemble my mother. Same eyes, same hair color. I grab the nearest comb and neatly fix my hair, giving it the "flippy" quality that Platinum loves so much. When I am convinced that my hair is satisfying enough, I head over to my room and open my dresser to reveal what is mostly training outfits, but a few fancier types of clothing as well, including all my previous reaping outfits since I was twelve years old. I flip through the clothes for several minutes, sizing up the different shirts and pants, and finally settle on a black t-shirt and a pair of dark-washed pants. No need to get fancy this year. They'll make me ten times fancier