So, I've been writing this one for a while, after I spent like, three hours one day thinking about how the house elves do laundry. I have no life but I love this one and I hope you will too. This is dedicated to MollyRaesly, who taught me the importance of timing in playful banter and BCDaily who taught me how to have fun with writing. The first time Lily Evans wore James Potter's shirt was an accident. Lily grabbed it from the clean laundry pile that the House Elves placed on her trunk the night before. She threw it over her head and as it slid down her face into place she realized how good the shirt smelled. She mused that when her clothes came back from the elves, they never smelled so...good. She didn't notice it wasn't one of her Gryffindor shirts until the hem fell right above her knees like a very short dress. The soft cotton was well worn and soft against her bare skin, colored scarlet with a lion rearing on the front majestically. Lily pulled it off just as quickly as she'd put it on, checking the tag and seeing no name written in. When she flipped it over to view the back she was in luck. Not only was she in luck of knowing whose shirt she'd just put on, Lily also knew exactly where to find the shirt's owner. The letters engraved in gold on the back spelled out the word POTTER in all capital letters. The gold glowed in the dim light from Lily's fire and Lily folded it back up. Lily lifted the collar to her nose and sniffed. Damn . She'd have to ask James Potter what aftershave he used. Or was that weird? Lily grabbed the shirt once she was done changing with full intention to give it back to its owner…the boy next door. One of the perks of being Head Girl was having her own room for her last year at Hogwarts. Lily's room was still in Gryffindor tower but instead of having to climb a staircase, her door was conveniently located behind a portrait of Godric Gryffindor's wife. Right next to her 'door' was a portrait of Godric Gryffindor himself and that's where James' private dorm was located. With their rooms being next door to each other, it was understandable that their Gryffindor themed shirts could be misplaced in the wrong pile. Lily swung her leg out of the portrait hole just in time. The Head Boy himself emerged from his room clad in scarlet quidditch robes. James' messy black hair was extra messy as it stuck up around the goggles he often wore then it was raining. The lanky seventeen year old closed his portrait door and turned to leave the common room. "James." Lily called his name and he faltered as he turned himself around at the sound of her voice. "Alright, Evans?" He asked kindly and Lily didn't miss the way his eyes gauged her playfully from the toes up. They'd been having a lot of problems with staring at each other recently. Lily herself acknowledged how handsome he looked in his quidditch gear with his sleeves rolled up to his elbow and his hair wildly out of control like he'd already been flying. James' own eyes were calculating when she met them, like he was in Potions class trying to figure out a complex potion formula. "Fine." She answered noncommittally, "Quidditch practice?" She already knew the answer was yes. James spent every Sunday with his teammates at the Quidditch Pitch. James was the type of person who never did anything halfway. He was a star student, amazing Quidditch player, and an even better Head Boy than Lily had expected. She was positive he was going to rule the world one day. James nodded and then pointed at her outfit, "Going to Hogsmede?" Lily flattened her palms over her muggle jeans and shook her head, "No, just thought I'd switch it up." She didn't miss the spark of mischief in his eyes when he said, "you should switch it up more often." She wished that she had enough self-respect to not blush whenever he complimented her in his offhandedly way but her cheeks flushed either way. Lily stepped all the way out of the portrait hole. Moving towards him was always a gamble because he had no personal bubble and he always took advantage when she got close enough. To protect herself, Lily held the shirt up between their bodies with a half smile. "They mixed up our clothes." She offered when he took the shirt from her with a quizzical look. James lifted the shirt to her like he was toasting her find, "Cheers." Then his eyes traveled over her once more before he left her standing in front of her portrait hole alone. Lily went about her Sunday with no changes. She spent a few hours planning out her charms essay, also known as gossiping with Mary McDonald while blank sheets of parchment sat in front of them. She broke up a fight in the charms hallway around three in the afternoon. Lily had dinner and chatted in the common room with her mates until about eight. Lily didn't think anything else of James Potter's shirt until Monday night. Lily was running late to her patrolling detail thanks to Anna Faith chatting Lily's ear off at dinner. Lily ran so fast up the steps of the main staircase that by the time she rounded the stairs to the third corridor she was completely out of breathe, her hair was disheveled, and her school skirt had risen two inches higher on her waist. James was waiting for her. He was leaning so casually against the wall while his hazel eyes took in her disheveled look with quaint amusement. Where James' eyes dropped to her long legs, his hands reached for his hair disheveling it more. Lily stopped halfway to him, positively stunned at how a boy could look so positively full of trouble and yet so innocent at the same time. Lily took her time walking over to him but her heart was still pounding as she apologized profusely to him for being late. James didn't say anything about her tardiness and instead pushed himself up and off the wall so he could straighten her tie. His hands weren't shy as he brushed her tie from her shoulders so it fell against her chest. Next he used his hands to try and flatten her hair back into the wild bun atop her bed. That was enough, Lily furiously pushed his hands away, "James, it's fine. I'll just be going to bed after this." James smiled at her bother and wrinkled his nose, shoving his hands into his pockets, "Fine, but don't ever complain to me about my hair." Lily eyed his extremely messy black tresses with scorn. When they were kids she used to tease him terribly about not owning a hairbrush because his hair stuck up in every direction. When they were teens she used to bemoan about how he'd mess up his hair just so he'd look like he'd just gotten done a game of quidditch. Now, as adults, Lily didn't want to do anything more than run her own fingers through his hair for him. Not that she'd ever tell him that because Merlin knew he'd let her and Lily had learned enough about James Potter to know she ought to stay away from him. As far as Lily's hormones were concerned, James was better than honeysuckle tea on a rainy day. As far as Lily's head was concerned, James was best to be kept far away from her hormones. James started walking away and motioned for her to follow, "Come along Evans and don't dawdle, we have halls to patrol." Even though she rolled her eyes, her smile didn't quite leave her face. "Are you ready for snogging?" James pulled a rubber band ball from his pocket and started to toss it up in the air and catch it as it fell back down. Lily kept her eyes on the little ball, always marveling at how such a lanky dork like James Potter could be so coordinated and never drop the ball on the floor. She waited until he caught the ball again before answering him. "You?" He laughed at her joke and threw the ball in the air again, catching it with ease despite twirling to wink at her once. "Clever." She smirked at his approval but kept her tone light as she replied openly, "Monday nights are not a heavy snogging night. We should have a pretty easy patrol." They'd had gotten assigned the best patrolling corridor as far as Lily was concerned. The dungeons were the worst but luckily Professor McGonagall was patrolling the first floor and the Slytherin commons tonight. Professor Flitwick had taken the north towers. Lily knew the Prefects covered the rest of the assigned areas. James called behind as they entered a long hall filled with suits of armor that stood lengthwise along the hall, "Where do you want to set up camp?" "In the trophy room." Lily replied easily as her eyes swept around the suits of armor, lit red and orange from the torches. James led the way into the trophy room, still throwing and catching his ball. Lily had a bag with parchment in it so she could start on her Advanced Charms essay. James fell to the floor and Lily sat down next to him, leaning her back against the case he'd sat under. James began bouncing the ball across the ground so that it'd hit the opposite case and come bouncing back to him. The sound of the ball bouncing back and forth didn't bother Lily as she worked on her paper; in fact the sound was soothing since she hated dead quiet. All in all, it was a normal Monday night. Monday nights, funnily enough, were Lily's favorites. James didn't expect anything from her and vies versa. They simply enjoyed each other's company and watched for trouble. Sometimes James would bring playing cards and they'd play games of exploding snap until midnight. Sometimes they walked the length of the dark dungeons and James walked directly next to her, entertaining her with stories of his youth. And sometimes…sometimes Lily felt like they were becoming something more than friends. James knew things about Lily she didn't share with many. He knew that she had trouble at home with her sister and sick mother. He knew she was trying to get into the potions department at the Ministry. He knew so many secrets that sometimes she wondered if maybe she told him too much but James was so easy to talk too, she couldn't stop talking. Even now, with the crystal trophy cases glimmering in the moonlight and his ball bouncing across the room, Lily was talking. "How was practice yesterday?" "Fine." James said, placing the rubber band ball between them and placing his head against the wooden cabinets behind them, "Anna Faith is struggling with her hawk dives, I got hit by a bludger in the back, and I think Anthony Hopkins is an idiot." Lily leaned her head against the cabinets to mirror James' position. She turned her cheek so she could look at James. He was staring at the glass windows and the moon that shimmered outside. It was a half moon and was very beautiful. The only light in the trophy room came from the cases themselves, so James was bathed in a golden light, and Lily thought he was so handsome. "Anna mentioned her dives were bad." Lily commented, trying to keep her mind off James' looks. Suddenly, James turned his head so he was staring at her. They stared into each other's eyes for a moment. He got under her skin like no one else. It was like whenever she was