I got requests for pediatrician Lily, tattooed James, Surgeon James, Disney's Moana AU, and a 'meet in a coffee shop' fics so t his mess is the request mash-up that you never knew you needed. pediatrician!Lily & tattooedsurgicalintern!James meet in a coffee shop AU XxX James was busy studying his medical terms when he saw her for the first time. He'd settled into one of the coffee shop's many chairs and (honestly) was looking for any excuse to stare at something other than obese human anatomy when she walked through the door laughing into her cell as she shook white snow from her hair. Immediately the anatomy in his book could hold nothing to her smile, which quirked playfully like a renaissance artist had painted it on. James didn't want to disclose to anyone that he only studied at the café in the mornings at the coffee shop to simply see her…but it was a rather large contributing factor to his actions. The coffee shop that sat right next to the Hospital was silent, save for the music that floated over the radio. James loved to study there because it meant he wouldn't be distracted where as the University library was always full of too many distractions. He'd been coming to study at the café ever since he'd started signing up to shadow the surgeons at the hospital when he finished his exams. The pretty girl was an extra distraction, one he boldly took advantage of when she smiled and waved at him as she passed each morning. Sometimes she was chewing on a warm bagel but she always had a caramel macchiato, no matter the time or weather. It was always a quick distraction, interaction with her never lasting more than a minute, but he welcomed it every morning. James went three months without his best friend Sirius finding him out and then (finally) James' snapchat gave away his location. It was all over once his sanctuary was discovered. Sirius stopped by halfway through James' final review for class and ordered two coffees to go, expecting it to take him no time at all to get James to abandon his studies. There was a reason Sirius barely made it through pre med; mainly that he didn't have the attention span. Sirius was smart and loved to run his mouth but he had no patience. "What the Hell , James." Sirius moaned after fifteen minutes of James not budging, slamming the booklet shut, "You can't seriously be having fun." "If I wanted to have fun I would've never gone to med school." James yawned, looking up from reading the term hemorrhaging for the seventh time that hour. Sirius was leaning back in his seat, feet on the chair opposite him. James adjusted the square shaped frames on his face as he blinked rapidly to let his eyes go from memorizing words to memorizing the familiar look of disappointment on his best friends face. Sirius hated sitting still for too long and since it was finals week, James was sitting entirely too long for Sirius' liking. "I've got to study mate," James reminded Sirius, "I start my internship tomorrow at the Hospital, I've got three finals for Uni, and I've barely memorized half my practical booklet." "Since when did you become a bore?" Sirius turned his head so he could look out the large paneled glass wall that looked out to the rest of the hospital. More workers were arriving, as it was eight in the morning. Sirius cleared his throat at least ten times in the next half hour. The old woman who ran the small shop kept glaring over at Sirius, who was ruining the quiet atmosphere. "James." Sirius said earnestly after his second coffee, "Your practical is in three days, that's plenty of time to study." "Are you insane?" asked James, "I know you dropped out of medical school after three months but you can't tell me you don't remember how hard this is?" "Yeah it's hard," Sirius agreed, "But you don't need to study, you're top of the class. You've got this." "Either shut up and grab me another coffee or get out of here Sirius." James said, a hint of warning in his voice. Sirius grumbled but did as he was told, ordering them both another coffee. Sirius lasted another twenty minutes before he finally gave up and left but not before smacking James up the side of the head. James rolled his eyes at his friend but didn't look up from his pages. The words were echoing back in his mind as he read. James struggled to retain the information because he wanted to do well on his test and impress the doctor he'd be shadowing in the future. In school James specialized in surgery so he assumed he'd be shadowing a surgical doctor. James would be fucked if he were set up to shadow anything other than surgery because that was his primary focus and he didn't know if he could learn anything else. James was reading up on phlebotomies while drinking his fourth cup of coffee when he caught a familiar sound in his left ear. "I'm the late shift today. Thomas Burns is getting another check up." Sneakily, his hazel eyes lifted from his book to the woman standing by the counter. She was wearing a dark blue sweater today and her memorable red hair was drawn up into a tight bun that sent the impression that she was uptight. James knew that her gentle face deflected the consideration immediately. She was talking to the old lady that ran the coffee shop, complaining about having to come in later than normal. The old woman called her Lily affectionately and James knew from their conversations that Lily was a pediatrician at the hospital James would be shadowing. He assumed she liked music, as she often had one ear bud in her left ear when she entered the shop from the outside. Sometimes she carried a thick book in her arms so he knew she read for fun. James didn't know much else about the woman except that she came into the coffee shop every day before her shift and ordered a caramel macchiato. If James were telling himself any sort of the truth—he'd admit that he came to the coffee shop simply to see her. They always shared smiles when she passed by his table with her macchiato, but he still hadn't gotten the nerves to say anything to her. She was the type of gorgeous that most people deemed angelic. Her sharp green eyes always met James with interest and struck him dumb in seconds. Even today, when he glanced up, her green eyes were considering him from the counter. James let his eyes flutter across her face for longer than necessary and the green in her eyes shifted when he didn't look away like he typically did. Lily leaned against the counter and nodded at the book in his hands. "You like to read here a lot." She said casually. James swallowed before acknowledging, "Yeah, it's quieter than the Uni library." Lily was handed her macchiato. She placed a bit of money on the counter for the old woman before waltzing his way. His heart started thumping as her green eyes gazed at him coyly. Between her obsession for caramel macchiatos and staring at James, he should've emitted himself into the hospital for irregular heart rhythms the minute Lily showed up in the coffee shop. James held his breath as Lily glanced over his shoulder and winced at the words she saw printed on the book pages. James couldn't believe she'd spoken more than three words to him. He was thankful Sirius had left now more than ever, he was defenseless in her presence. "Ugh, I remember that book." She said understatedly. "You want to spoil the ending?" he asked cheekily, "I'm over reading it." The woman giggled, a sound that warmed the air around them. She seemed intrigued by him and she fascinated James. Lily took Sirius' long abandoned seat, crossing her legs casually. Up close, he could see a slight pattern of freckles across her collarbone under the deep v of her sweater. Lily's eyes had circles under them and her fingernails were painted red, a stark contrast to her blue sweater. "You're a medical student then?" she presumed. James ruffled his black hair nervously; "You wouldn't find me reading The Atlas of Anatomy for Surgery for fun on a weekend, normally." Lily put her chin in her hands and beamed at him jokingly, "Shame, I do fancy a bloke who likes to read anatomical records for fun." James pushed the book away, "I'm afraid I'm more of a Ernest Hemingway, A Call To Arms , chap." " A Call to Arms ?" Lily sounded surprised and looked generally suspicious of James, "You've got to be joking, that was one of the worst books I was forced to read in University." "Even over The Atlas of Human Anatomy ?" James teased. "Definitely." Lily replied, " A Call to Arms was drastically inaccurate in medical terms." James said, "To be honest, between reading about factual hemorrhaging in the Atlas of Anatomy for Surgery or fictional hemorrhaging in A Call to Arms …I'd always pick fictional." "And yet you're a medical student?" she took a sip of her macchiato. "My fall back career, I'm afraid." He sighed theatrically, "My parents cut me off when I told them I wanted to be a stay-at-home son." "Mummy and daddy wouldn't let you become a rock star?" "Life just isn't fair." She clucked her tongue, eyes sparking as she quipped, "Hair modeling wasn't working out for you either?" James self-consciously dropped his hand from his hair, not noticing he was ruffling the messy strands again. She laughed and shook her head at his sheepish expression. "I was joking." She told him, "You just mess with your hair a lot. It looks like you jump out of a airplane regularly." "I'm a professional skydiver." "I can tell." "I broke my back after my last jump and can't skydive anymore so I took up med school for fun..." Lily blinked owlishly at him, as if wondering if he was joking or being serious. James prided himself in that it was hard for someone to understand what came out of his mouth was sarcasm and what was truth. James decided to give Lily a break, but only because they'd just met. "I'm joking." "Obviously." She was smiling again, "No one takes up medical school for fun." He told her, "I've wanted to be a doctor for as long as I can remember." Lily rolled her eyes and hid her smile by taking another sip of her coffee. James glanced back down at his book, not believing that he and the endearing pediatrician were having an actual conversation. It might've been a conversation about hemorrhaging and failed fictional careers of course, but it was a conversation none-the-less. James wondered what had made her finally sit down with him after all the months of just smiles. When James looked back up at Lily she was watching him intensely. Her red lips were slightly parted and she had a curious expression on her sweet face. Alarmed at being caught staring, she looked down at her hands coyly. James stuck out his hand to her, "I'm James." Lily stuck out her hand to meet his, "Lily." She replied kindly, "I work in the children's ward." James decided to forgo telling her that he already knew that fact, "How long have you worked here?" "About a year." She said, "I graduated last spring and got hired a little bit after that." James couldn't help asking, "Do you still like it?" Lily smiled secretively, "Depends on the day." she told him honestly, "I'm not a fan of everyone that I work with but I do love the kids. They make you feel like