Here Comes Your Man Prompt: Muggle au where, in a drunken mishap, James is accidentally listed as Lily's emergency contact and hilarity ensues because the pair hardly know each other. "Alright Miss Evans." Doctor Frank Longbottom was the poor sap assigned to Lily Evans when she entered Levinstown Hospital cradling her swollen wrist in rumpled clothes that smelled like the chlorine pool she'd fallen into. Frank looked over his chart and Lily sent him the best smile she could. He seemed nice, if not amused by her since she refused to tell him exactly what happened. She was a university student and he could probably guesstimate she'd been intoxicated but none-the-less Lily was not ready to share with the fair-haired doctor about how senseless she'd been. "You are not well enough to drive," he was being persistent, "I'd feel best if a friend or family member came to get you." Lily was unquestionably hungover from Marlene McKinnon's party. She felt light as air but simultaneously glued to the ground. The medications the Hospital had given her for her broken wrist were making her brain turn to mush and her eyes especially fuzzy. The muscle relaxers and pain relievers were in the bag by her lap. The thick paper covering the bed crinkled under her shorts as she shifted awkwardly. Everyone Lily knew was still at Marlene's house, probably still drunk. Lily had woken up to most of the girls watching a reality show and drinking mimosas. They'd all been too drunk to drive her too the Hospital and they were probably still too drunk to come get her. It was the weekend and with no school obligations, came time for fun. Lily just had a little too much fun. Lily should've never gone near the pool; they were just so rare in England households that she'd wanted to get the full experience. There was no way in Hell Lily looked good enough to convince the doctor that she was fine and dandy. She was surprised they hadn't pressured her about how much alcohol she consumed the night before because Lily was certain she not only stank of chlorine but also of liquor. Lily pressed her fingers lightly to her forehead where a steady bump was growing from the diving board. Frank tapped his pen against the clipboard he held in his gloved hands. "You're sure it's just the wrist?" Dr. Frank looked concerned by her swaying—if she was swaying—she couldn't actually tell. "Yeah," she deceived rapidly, "Just the wrist!" Frank seemed skeptical; "You have a red bump on your forehead." "Funny that." Lily pulled her fringe over her forehead but it sprang back into place. Frank sighed at her persistence, "Do you have an emergency contact I can get ahold of to come get you?" Lily's shoulders dropped and she knew she'd have to call Marley. Hopefully her best friend wouldn't be too far-gone. It was almost two in the afternoon after all. Lily reached over the bed for her phone in her bag and pushed it on before passing it to the doctor carelessly, "It's under emergency contact and please just text her, she hates talking on the phone." "Under emergency? Ah, never mind I found it..." Frank was quiet as she typed out something on her phone, "Texting, eating and writing will all be harder for you. Don't be afraid to ask for help." Lily stared at the glittery gold letters on the case that spelled out 'Be Brave' as a glittery reminder for Lily to live like each day was her last. Ironically, her nerve had placed her in the Hospital in the first place. Doctor Frank handed her the phone back with a terse nod. "The nurse is going to come back in and go over care for your cast." He told her as she stared at the message he'd sent. Lily Evans to Emergency Contact Lames Otter Lily: This is Doctor Frank Longbottom from the Levinstown Hospital. You're listed under the emergency contact for Lily Evans. Don't worry, she is all right but she'll need a ride back home from Levinstown Emergency Room. You may call the hospital with any other concerns or text Miss Evans' cell. Thank you. James Potter sat up from leaning against his black car. The message hadn't been the type he'd been waiting for and as such, it startled him. Especially since the text came from a doctor at the Levinstown Hospital just two miles down the road. As his eyes glanced over the odd text message for the second time James realized he had no idea who Lily Evans even was or why the text came from someone listed under his phone as Jily Evals. First of all, James was certain he didn't know a Lily Evans or a Jily Evals. He thought that (maybe) he recognized the name but he went to Levinstown University and heard a lot of names. Second of all, the only idiots he knew that would play a prank like the text were the boys who were currently making James wait alone in the parking lot of a timeworn movie theater. James wondered if the entire text was just a prank set forth by his best friend Sirius. Sirius was supposed to be meeting James for the half past three showing of Wonder Woman . They'd planned the afternoon the night before while watching the newest Game of Thrones episode with their friends. James' other mates Remus and Peter had, in fact, texted James twenty minutes before the prank text about meeting up at the movie theatre fifteen minutes before. James decided to get to the bottom of the text, solely because it was an odd prank for his friends to play. James Potter to The Marauders Group Chat James: Any of you know the mobile 900376? Peter: Almost there. Get me buttered popcorn plz. Remus: It doesn't match anything in my mobile. James: what about Lily Evans? James : Anyone? Sirius? Remus : Sirius can't text you because he's trying to run over an old woman crossing the street at a glacial pace but he wants to know how a girl from debate class got your number. James : She's in our debate class? Remus : She's the one who wears dresses a lot and really loves debating animal rights Remus : She was at Benjy's party last week. James didn't remember much about Benjy Fengwick's party but he vaguely recalled drawing little stars on a womans curvy shoulders while Sirius won at beer pong. James wondered if her number was the one haphazardly entered into his phone. Sirius : I bet she's the same one I saw you basically laying on top of on the couch in the sitting room. James : I don't remember that? Sirius : Lucky you, it was disgusting. Peter : Sirius don't text and drive or we'll all end up in the Hospital James : Funny you should mention the Hospital because that's where Lily Evans apparently is and they called me her emergency contact. Remus : I didn't think you were the one to go to in emergencies. Sirius : Maybe drunken James thought it was for emergency snogs? James : Dunno, but I'm gonna go get her. Peter : Wait, you're going to the ER for a stranger? Sirius : He snogged her Peter so they r hardly strangers now. Peter : What about my popcorn? James pocketed his phone and adjusted his glasses as he got into his car. James remembered drawing on a woman but for the life of him he couldn't remember much else. Hopefully the girl knew a little bit more than he did. The car blasted the new Imagine Dragons song as he pulled out of the movie theater and onto the main streets. Whoever Lily Evans was, she was about to meet James Potter. XxX Lily rubbed her head and balanced her phone, trying to text Marley. Lily Evans to Emergency Contact Lames Otter Lily : jfc…Marley if ur still drunk you can't come get me Lily closed her eyes but they popped open to the sound of wind chimes, not the monkey noises pre set to Marlene's texts. Lily blinked in bewilderment and glanced at her screen. Lames : I haven't been drinking and this isn't Marley Panic struck her heart as she looked at the top where the screen displayed who she was texting. The words Emergency and Contact filtered across the screen. After those words came two words that Lily didn't recognize. Lily wondered momentarily if the drugs were making her mad. Lily : Petty? Lily : … Lily had changed Marley to her emergency contact right before Benjy's party the week before. Petunia shouldn't be the one her doctor texted. Lily pulled her phone closer to her face to read the blurry letters more precisely. The screen blared into her eyes like a laser but she managed to make out the words at the top of the screen. Lames : I'm neither a Petty nor a Marley but I am on my way to help That's when she almost dropped her phone. Luckily her fingertips clutched the screen at the last moment so she could drag her fingers across the screen in sheer panic. It wasn't Marley. It wasn't Petunia. It wasn't a number she recognized at all. The first four digits were unrecognizable. Someone that she didn't know was responding to the doctor's text and it was someone who had somehow gotten put as her emergency contact accidently. Lily's hearted picked up as she fretted over whoever was texting her. Lily couldn't remember letting anyone have her phone recently and wondered if one of the girls did it last night as a joke. Lily didn't think it was very funny. What if the person was a stalker? What if the person was a serial killer? What if the person was a stalking serial killer? A legit stranger was on their way to the hospital, a stranger who could kidnap her and sell her to the circus to forever work on high beams and trapeze. Lily had watched Taken and Snatched too many times to even consider that she was being overly dramatic. Lily struggled through her fog to find Marley's name in her chat box. Lily Evans to Marlene McKinnon Lily : so I need you to get to the Levinstown Hospital Marlene : sorry I'm lrunk Lily : Marley plz uber here or something! Lily : Some stranger is going to abduct me and make me preform in the circus Marley : I witnessed u on the diving boaard last night Lil, u literally have 0 career in a circus. Marley : y is a stranger snacking u from hospital? Lily : something went wrong and the dr called my emergency contact instead of you! Marley : Petunia is to get you…ur sister hate u but won't sell u 2 the circus Marley : This is Mary. Did you tell the doctors what happened? Lily : of fucking course not. Lily : but wrist is officially busted and have a headache Marlene : ***and a hangover Lily : Probably Lily : also Petunia wasn't my emergency contact apparently and some stranger is coming and is going to kidnap me so plz come get me before stranger danger "Miss Evans?" Doctor Frank peered his head around the room curtain to see Lily balancing her phone on her fingertips as she tried to text Marley quickly. Lily's head shot up regretfully, "Yeah?" "Your boyfriend is in the lobby waiting for you," Frank eyed her peculiar expression, "One of the nurses will come help you out." When the curtain fell back over Frank's puzzled expression Lily frantically clicked the microphone option on her phone. "The doctor just said my boyfriend is waiting for me in the lobby…" Marlene's reply was unhelpful in the most certain sense: Don't look now, here comes your man. XxX When James