Requested on tumblr: canon missing scene where the Evans' meet James and like his charming mischievous personality more than Petunia's newest conceited beau Vernon (and Lily's weird childhood friend Severus Snape). First Meeting Eliza Evans was perfectly content with her life and everything in it. She had a wonderful husband who loved her very much. She lived in a small town where the neighbors were kind and generous. She had little but needed nothing thanks to her two girls. Out of everything in her life, Eliza was thankful for her baby girls. Eliza felt lucky to get to call two special girls like Petunia and Lily her daughters. Petunia was the eldest and the textbook example of a devoted daughter. Petunia was always focused on becoming something to someone . Eliza knew that Petunia was a carbon copy of her in looks, minus the brown hair from Mr. Evans. Petunia carried Eliza's looks well, always being the most fashionable one in the Evans' household. It was no surprise to Eliza when Petunia grew up and left Cokesworth to attend a discounted typing course in London as soon as she'd saved enough money. Petunia was quite capable on her own after eighteen years and Eliza didn't worry even though Petunia was miles away in a big city. Petunia shared a flat with another girl in her class and barely scraped by on the bills but she made it very clear she had no intention of coming back to Cokesworth. Eliza's oldest daughter was drawn to the urban normalcy of London, a stark contrast to her little sister who thrived in unpredictable fantasy. In late August, Eliza was sitting at a table in the sitting room with her glasses on reading over the newspaper. The windows to the small house were open to the slightly cool summer breeze, and Eliza cold hear music drifting from a room in the back of the house. The summer wind ruffled the red curtains but Eliza's head only rose from the newspaper when she heard the distinct ring of the telephone. Before Eliza could stand up to answer the phone her youngest daughter skipped into the room. Lily's red hair swung playfully around her shoulders as she slid across the tile floor in her socks to grab the phone without second thought, assuming the person on the other end to be for her. Lily's clothes were rumpled and stained (Eliza assumed from playing up in her room with God only knew) and a long stick was poking out from her frock. Eliza watched as her youngest daughter's green eyes lit up as she placed the receiver to her ear and hungrily spoke her hello. Petunia might've craved normalcy in the world but Lily flourished in her own world of unique ingenuity. Even in the photos on the sitting room wall, Petunia was neat and trimmed where Lily was wild and spritely. The two sisters were as different as different could be. "Sorry who is this?" Lily pulled the long stick from her frock, twirling it in her fingers habitually. Eliza watched as Lily's face shifted from elation to skepticism. The stick in Lily's fingers stopped twirling and a slight frown appeared on her face. Eliza knew that face well and realized that Petunia must be the caller on the other end of the phone. Eliza stood up and wiped her hands on her kerchief as Lily immediately drew the phone from her ear and held it out to her mother. "It's Petunia." Eliza raised an eyebrow at her younger daughter as Lily dropped the phone into her out stretched hand, "Thank you Lily." Eliza placed the phone to her ear, "Hello?" Despite listening for Petunia's shrill answer, Eliza's eyes were focused on Lily. The red haired girl dropped dramatically into the chair closest to Eliza and pouted. The sisters weren't as close anymore, and they hadn't been for years. Eliza held onto the hope that one day one of them would grow out of it. "What's she doing home?" Petunia's voice sounded poignant on the other side of the phone. Eliza adjusted her glasses before responding firmly, "Lily's always home until September 1st." Even if Petunia were on the other side of the phone, Eliza Evans could've sworn the eldest Evans daughter rolled her eyes at the same exact time as the younger Evans sister. Despite being so different, the sisters were alike in their pigheadedness. Eliza didn't know where the girls got their attitudes from but they both wore stubbornness with pride. "I forgot." Petunia said on the other side of the phone, " Her kind get long holidays." Eliza leaned on the small table where the phone sat, weakly telling herself to not get Petunia (or Lily) worked up. Petunia seemed to want to change the subject quickly because she didn't dwell on Lily much longer. "I was hoping you could come to London this weekend." "What for dear?" Eliza thought Petunia knew they had to go to London anyways on Monday to take Lily back to school. Lily's last term started on September 1st. Petunia seemed nervous suddenly because her tone shifted. "Do you remember that Junior Executive I was speaking to at my typing job?" Eliza swayed for a moment, trying to recall and remember. It clicked when Eliza remembered that Petunia had mentioned a lunch date with a man in her office. The junior executive had recently finished university and always spoke to Petunia when he arrived to work in the mornings. Eliza murmured her acknowledgment and Petunia's joy was evident when she spoke again. "Well, he took me to meet his family." Petunia seemed nervous, then she added, "and he wants to meet mine." Eliza's face lit up and she declared her delight, "Oh Tuney, that's wonderful!" Below Eliza, Lily perked up. Eliza's exclamation was enough to perk Lily out of her bitter argument with Petunia, just to receive information. "What's his name?" Eliza asked. "Vernon Dursley." "Vernon?" Eliza acted like she was tasting the name, Lily's shoulders squared and she nudged Eliza with her toes. Eliza sent her youngest daughter a motion that concluded Lily needed to be patient. Lily crossed her arms but listened closely now, fascinated. Eliza wished Lily showed this much fascination when her sister called normally. Lily was playing with her stick again, but still staring expectantly at Eliza. "Yes," Petunia continued, "I want you to meet him. Can you come to London?" "Of course we can come meet him." "No mum," Petunia was suddenly firm, "Just you and dad. I don't want him meeting Lily yet." Eliza's brow furrowed, "Petunia." Eliza's face heated as she realized Petunia's reasoning, "She's your sist—" Petunia cut her mother off, "Vernon would not understand any of Lily's—peculiarities." Eliza gasped, "Petunia Evans!" When Eliza glanced down at Lily she noted that Lily had figured out what was being said on the other line. Lily's green eyes, normally so light and carefree, were swimming with tears. Eliza bit her lip, feeling the waterworks coming. "Petunia Evans your sister is only home twice a—" "Mum please don't!" "No, I'm—" "Mum stop." Lily cut Eliza off before she could reprimand Petunia further. Lily was brazen when she screeched irritably, "Tell Petunia I don't want to meet her stupid boyfriend anyways!" Eliza was at a loss for words when Lily raced out of the room and towards the front door. Eliza watched auburn hair disappear at the same time as heart-wrenching sobs after the front door closed behind Lily. Eliza closed her eyes and sighed deeply. On the other end of the phone Petunia sighed too. Eliza had been dealing with her girls' fighting for the better half of eight years. It was never over. "Petunia you'll apologize to Lily as soon as she comes back." Eliza snapped at her older daughter, "Lily is your sister and a part of this family." "Mum, I didn't tell Vernon I had a sister." Petunia proclaimed impudently. "Well," Eliza (frustrated with both of her girls) huffed, "That was a stupid thing to do Petunia." Eliza hung up the phone amidst Petunia's protests and walked over to the front door. Eliza opened up the door, half expecting to find Lily on the steps leading into the streets. Much to Eliza's disdain, Lily had run farther than the Evans' stoop and where too, only God knew. Eliza placed a hand on her forehead as she considered all the places her crafty younger daughter could've gone. Eliza knew with the stick she often carried around, Lily could go anywhere in the world, because the stick was a magic wand. Lily was no normal girl; in fact she was witch. Eliza Evans had always fashioned that there was something different about her younger daughter that went past her pure air and jovial smiles. As a toddler Lily could get her favorite snacks from the top shelf. As a kid Lily could practically fly off swing sets. It wasn't until Lily's eleventh birthday that all the magical qualities made sense when an owl delivered a letter Lily even claimed that she'd been waiting for. Eliza still had the letter tucked away in a drawer upstairs but she'd memorized it over the past six years. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Dear Ms. Lily Evans We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) The letter had been the breaking point in Petunia and Lily's relationship. Where Petunia went to Prep School down the road and practiced her cursive and numbers, Lily traveled hundreds of miles north to a castle where she played with owls and created magic that Eliza could only imagine in her dreams. Lily had always been unlike other girls in town and Petunia scorned anything that wasn't ordinary. Petunia's disdain broke Eliza's heart and Petunia's indifference didn't only hurt Eliza, it hurt Lily as well. Eliza's younger daughter didn't come home until the next morning. It wasn't the first time Lily disappeared back into her world of spells and enchantments. Lily often hung out with her friends, magical friends, outside of Cokesworth. Lily entered the small kitchen as Eliza and her husband sat down to breakfast. Lily's green eyes were puffy from what Eliza could only assume was crying. Eliza noted Lily was also wearing the navy blue robes accustomed for a witch instead of the same frock she'd left in the night before. Eliza didn't bother disciplining Lily for not coming home because Eliza was just happy to see Lily grabbing breakfast in their kitchen. Eliza was worried that Lily would one day enter her world and never return to theirs. Even still, Eliza couldn't help but wonder what Lily got up too when she disappeared behind her magic wand. "Are you alright?" Eliza asked Lily as she sat down in-between her parents at the table. "Mum," Lily's voice was warm when Eliza brushed her hand across her daughter's cheek lovingly, "It's fine. You and dad can both go to London and I'll meet you there. My friends invited me to a quidditch match this weekend anyways." Eliza recognized the funny words Lily used sometimes and quidditch was no exception. Eliza pursed her lips and placed a kiss on Lily's forehead. When Eliza pulled back, Lily was smiling and Eliza tried to memorize the look. Lily's eyes, green as an evergreen, were just like her fathers and were always so full of vivacity. When Lily was a little girl her cheeks had been dusted with light freckles but those had disappeared with age, now Lily's skin was creamy white. "Are you sure you don't want to come to London early?" Eliza questioned