.1. And I got way too many feels Way too much emotion I don't even know what's real I just say 'fuck it' and keep going "I can do this." She breathed, "I can do anything." The child was right in front of her. It didn't seem like a simulation when the child cried so loud that the sound was piercing Lily's eardrums. It was on the floor, surrounded by three cloaked figures pointing wands at its small form. Around Lily there were two other cloaked figures attempting to disarm her. Around her the walls of the simulation room were dark and only fake street lamps lit spaces in yellow haze. Lily waved her wand and the two dummy death eaters bounced off the opposite wall, simply exploding into pieces, as they were made by enchantment. The child on the floor was as much an enchantment as the cloaked figures wrecking havoc but Lily's heart was still racing. She was determined to prove that she could handle herself out in the real world—where the spells were deadly and the children were real. Lily's green eyes assessed that there was marginal gap between the three cloaked figures surrounding the child. She surmised that if she could pull the child form the middle of the group, she could get the child from danger easily. Lily took off at a run and slid like a baseball player slid from base to base, her knees skidding across the training room floor. She went between the cloaked figures circling the child. Lily's fingers gripped the cold doll arm, staring up into the blank faces of robotic death eaters. She remembered that yesterday, she'd been told she didn't make sure her citizen was all right while before pulling them to safety. Lily glanced down for two seconds at the child, "Don't worry, I've got you—" No sooner had she looked away from her opponents to assure the child, one of the cloaked figures behind Lily shot sparks fro his wand and Lily felt the sparks hit her back, stinging her with a hex so that her legs cramped. Lily tried to block the child while spells ricocheted off her back, making it feel as though someone was pelting her with rather large rocks. "Evans how many time do I have to tell you to watch your back?" Lily dropped the child in defeat and stood up, wincing as the mannequins continued pummeling her, "At least another— ouch ten— ouch —times." Lily's teacher only heard mumbling, mercifully, and not Lily's sarcastic tone. "What was that, Evans?" All of a sudden the dummies stopped hexing her and Lily was able to keep her eyes open for longer than two seconds without being confronted by the stupid imitation Death Eaters. Lily's instructor, Shondra Drakes, was probably the most evil dictating bitch that Lily had ever met. She even looked like a bitch with a very sharp face and thin hands that always looked as if they were about to wrap around Lily's neck whenever Lily actually had the guts to talk back. Shondra loved to critique the way Lily walked, moved, breathed, and rescued her citizens. Today would be no exception. Shondra stood in front of Lily as the dummies disappeared and the child's robotic crying stopped because Shondra had raised her wand and silenced it. The lights in the room came on and filled the room with harsh white light that blinded Lily. The mirror on the wall opposite Lily showed that she'd received a bloody nose at some point during the last six simulations. Lily kicked at the child mannequin moodily as Shondra prepared to lecture her to Hell and back again. "You cannot take your eyes off your opponents! Not even for one second Evans!" This totally counteracted what Shondra had said yesterday when she'd yelled at Lily for not talking to the citizen before and being 'sympathetic to the plight' the citizen was in. Shondra had made it clear that Auror connection to the victim was essential to overall performance. Shondra had reamed Lily three days in a row for not connecting on an emotional level to her rescue. Now, Lily was in trouble for looking at her victim and Shondra was still Lily's least favorite person on earth. "I don't know how many times I have to tell you these things, Evans!" Shondra exclaimed, a vein practically popping from her forehead in frustration, "Do you even listen when I talk to you? All you need to do is make sure the citizen is alive but don't ever let your eyes leave your enemies! They'll take that chance to hit you with a killing curse!" "Would you like me to go again?" Lily tried to sound unaffected by Shondra's verbal abuse, but she wasn't. Lily had been running private drills with Shondra for weeks and she felt like the only thing Shondra had managed to accomplish was breaking Lily's spirit. In fact, if Lily was honest, she couldn't feel her legs anymore after the number of times she'd been killed by the enchanted mannequins. Lily wanted nothing more than to take a hot bath with healing salts but she'd never admit defeat to fucking Shondra, of all people. Luckily, Lily didn't have too worry about having another go at fighting the enchanted dummies because Shondra took one look at the sweat (and blood) dripping down Lily's face. Lily was rubbing one of the multiple bruises on her pale arms. Shondra sighed and then said, "Hit the showers Evans. Come back tomorrow, perhaps by then you'll have found your brain." Lily's jaw clenched as she stalked off, muttering to herself as she went. She yanked open the door to the practice room and held in her scream as she walked past a few first year students chattering in the long brick hallway. Lily was in her second and last year at the Auror Academy. Her next move would be to join an Auror out in the field like the rest of her training class but if Shondra had any say, Lily would be stuck in demo training for the rest of her fucking life . Lily pitched open the double doors that led to the front of the offices and classrooms. She threw her hood up over her red ponytail; most of which was sticking to the sweat on her neck. Lily's black shoes were hitting the cement outside of the old brick building so roughly that she could hear her footsteps over her fuming thoughts. Shondra Drakes had picked on Lily from the moment she set foot in Auror training after graduating Hogwarts. Shondra had taught Dark Arts Security and was venomous to the new students, tearing them apart each class. The first day of school she'd kicked Lily and three other kids out just because they'd all answered a question on magical law wrong. Ever since being kicked out of lecture on the first day, Lily hated the old hag more than anything and it was like Shondra knew Lily hated her because Shondra attacked Lily's confidence and ripped it apart like a wolf. At Hogwarts, the teachers praised Lily, loved her even, and made her feel like she had a chance at making some difference in the world. Almost two whole years after graduating from Hogwarts, Lily felt like she was nothing more than chicken shite after class with Shondra. Lily made it back to the Arnold B. Fudge Dormitory in record time. It was a small building about a block away from the Auror Academy that was used as housing for the Aurors in training like Lily. The first floor was the girls' rooms, painted white and covered in old Victorian furniture. The second floor was where all the boys lived, a tan colored mecca where the boys drank, played cards, and listened to their favorite sets. There were fifteen boys in the Auror Academy, all ranging in ages 18 to 35. Lily was one of five girls, all who worked hard to make themselves stand out over the boys. Two of the girls were sitting on the steps of the dorm building so Lily waved at them but they only smiled politely at her. They were twins who hardly spoke to Lily, unless they had too. The other girls in the training school were older and all were out in the field training so Lily hardly ever saw them. Lily much preferred the boys to the girls. One boy in particular was special…but Lily couldn't think about him now or she'd make a poor decision based on her current raging emotions. Lily entered the long hallway of the dorms and immediately the smell of blood, sweat, and tears hit Lily like a projectile. Auror school was hard and most of them came home crying or worse, it's probably why the girls on the step didn't stop Lily to ask her if she was okay when they saw the blood on her face. To Lily's left, the long hallway had six doors, most open, but two closed. Lily's room was the last door on the left and she made her way over, allowing herself to glance to the right of the hallway when she passed a long panel of glass. Inside, a few of the boys were laughing over a pile of plastic cups filled with alcohol. Lily's heart skipped a beat when she saw him. His black curly hair was hanging over his eyes as he laughed at someone one of the other boys said. Lily gazed indulgently as his hands reached forward to grab his cup of firewhiskey. Before he placed the cup on his mouth, he licked his lips. Lily ripped her eyes away from James Potter to stare at the floor feverishly. She was not going to walk in there and pull James away from his friends. She was not going to keep looking in the rec room in hopes that he'd look up and see her. She was not going to bring her ire sensations into their relationship again. Their relationship was already fucked enough as it was. No, Lily would not have sex with James to get her mind off Shondra's self-image obliterating abuse. Instead, Lily would drown herself in the shower. Lily threw open the door to her room open and she began unbuttoning her robes impatiently. The buttons pulled at her fingers numbly and Lily kicked off her shoes, watching them hit the walls of her 112 square foot room. Lily's bare feet hit the cold plastic floor and she welcomed the temperature change, anything to remove the heat bubbling in her stomach. Her robes hit the floor and she pulled her hair from its ponytail roughly. It took five seconds for her to get to her tiny loo attached to the side of her dorm and turn the water to scalding. Lily watched the water as it fell from the spicket. Her brain still reeling with Shondra's disappointing words. Lily was so caught up in her thoughts that she didn't hear her dorm door open or close. It was only the feel of his fingers, reaching around her bare waist that woke her from her reverie. Lily knew the scar on the wrist of her intruder because she'd given him the scar in their third year at Hogwarts together. Lily twirled to face him without saying a word. Lily hated herself for immediately biting her lip and hitching her breath. James' curls glowed under the milky lighting of the mirror and his smile was calculated. His mouth didn't waste time before attaching to her neck, eliciting Lily to throw her head back and propel herself into his advance. He smelled like the firewhiskey he'd been masking himself in with the boys in the rec room and Lily had a feeling that if his mouth rerouted to hers, she would taste the zest on his lips. Lily's fingers ripped at his shoulders, tugging him