On A Scale of One to Ten Requested on tumblr: Lily starts falling for an insecure, yet charming crippled james, and naturally when his injury is miraculously recovered, girls throw themselves at him. "You have to let me see him." The desperate plea that came from the intruder's lips was wrought with emotion as he pushed past a startled Lily Evans to the bed where a badly wounded man sat awaiting the Healer visit—Lily's visit. Instead of assessing what had brought the man into the rehabilitation ward in the first place, Lily was assessing the boy who had come charging into the room like the patient was on his deathbed. The bloke (not the injured one) flew into the hospital ward only moments before Lily, taking out two guards and a door with the flick of his wand. He wore a leather traveling cloak and his wand was tucked in the black bun stop his head. The boy was handsome with black hair, grey eyes, and perfect cheekbones. His pale skin was akin to the models she saw in Witch Weekly but his expression was less sensual and more roguish. The boy stared down at the man in bed, exasperated, "Your owl left out the part where Alice Longbottom buzzed your hair off, you look ridiculous ." "You're one to talk. Why is your nose bleeding?" The boy in the bed moved painfully when he spoke to the man with the bun. The man fingered his nose delicately, blood was indeed dripping from it onto his cloak, "Their reckless security guard stuck his wand up my nose when I rolled out of his tackle on the staircase." Lily has to hand it to the stranger; he cared a lot for the man in the bed. Nonetheless Lily was still a Healer and had to follow the rules of the hospital. She stepped forward and placed a hand on his shoulder delicately. "Alright," she said hastily, "you've bloody well seen he's alive, now you have to leave." "Why?" the man spun on his heel to glower at Lily dangerously. Lily straightened her shoulders so that they were eye level, "Only family members are allowed to visit patients." "Listen Ginger." Lily frowned at the crack on her auburn hair, "I am his family so unless you want to be healing yourself I suggest you Back . Off ." The boy in the bed exhaled, as if the irritability of his mate only entertained him. Lily, however, was not amused and made it known with a flicker of disapproval on her face. "What's your name?" She demanded. "Serious?" Lily took a deep breath, reaching for her own wand stuffed in the pocket of her white uniform. "Clearly I'm being serious." Her blood was boiling, "what's your name ?" " Serious ." Lily was going to punch him in the face, magic be damned. The patient spoke up cooperatively from the bed, "No, his name is serious, spelled s-i-r-i-u-s." "That's a stupid name." she couldn't help saying and the boy in the bed chuckled. Lily glanced between her patient and 'Sirius' suspiciously. She wondered for a moment if Annabeth and Karlie from reception were playing a trick on Lily for a laugh, Merlin knew they got bored answering owls all day. When neither boy shouted " gotcha !" Lily was forced to accept that the boy standing protectively over her ward was really named Sirius. "Fine." She stated coolly, "Sirius, I need you to leave." The boy clad in leather raised expectant eyebrows at her, " Healer..." he leaned forward to read her badge carefully, "Evans." He quirked an eyebrow, "Healer Evans, I can't leave." Lily jutted her thumb at the door that Sirius had come storming through minutes before, "I need to speak to my patient without you interrupting every second like a blundering idiot so unless you want to be banned from the hospital grounds and never see your boyfriend again, I suggest you turn around and return to where you came from." The boy in the bed moaned when a bubble of a laugh escaped his throat. Sirius' eyes were a cool grey that reflected challenge, "and if I refuse?" "I'm checking you into the bloody mental ward." Lily shook her finger at the man, "And you can stay locked up with the rest of the loons!" "He checked in there once," for being in pain, her patient seemed to be enjoying the argument between his Healer and boyfriend, "I'm afraid they kicked him out immediately." "On what terms?" Sirius looked over his shoulder to grin at the boy in the bed. Lily, not wanting to hear anymore, grabbed the boy by his shoulder before anymore could be said. Using all her force (and a wand pointed into his back) Lily managed to push the boy from the room. "You. Can. Come. Back. Later!" She huffed before closing and locking the door behind Sirius. She could still hear his disagreements on the other end of the door. "Sorry bout him," the patient spoke merrily from the bed, "he means well." Lily hadn't even had a chance to address the boy in the bed, let alone learn his name. When she'd arrived at room 201 after a debrief from the lead rehab healer, she'd not expected spending the first half of her exam yelling at a boy named Sirius. Lily focused her attention to the boy in the bed and sucked in a breath at his appearance. Someone had buzzed his hair down to the scalp, likely in a hurry to try and clean off whatever had been poured on his head. His left eye was squinting at her, his right eye completely swollen shut and red. Some of his skin was eaten away and Lily was certain she saw bone in some places without getting close. It looked like someone had poured acid on his face and left him on the ground to rot. He looked awful despite having the appetite for joshing with Sirius. Lily noted the affects of skin damage started from his hairline all the way down and into his hospital gown. "It looks that bad, huh?" Lily was surprised the boy could speak at all, the right corner of his lips were bloodied and cracked. Lily didn't answer and instead looked away from the boy, busying herself with his chart. It was well written, surprisingly. He was being transferred from the main Hospital in northern London to the rehab center for his skin issues. James Potter. 21. Unknown component irritated skin on contact. Rehabilitation paid for by the Auror Department. "How long has this infliction been going on?" Lily asked James, leaning against his bed frame to take notes with a handy pen she kept tucked in her pocket. "I was just born this good looking I guess." James cracked a joke. Lily looked up from her papers to his face, managing a small smile. He was quite playful and attentive for someone who'd had their skin eaten alive. Normally the wards she rehabilitated were sour and moody, or at the very least miserable. James Potter was suddenly a breathe of fresh air to her mundane job. "I meant your skin, James." She said softly, hiding her smile from him even though it appeared he couldn't see her very well. "Oh it happened about a week ago." James said chirpily, "I think it's improved." "Yeah?" she continued writing. His tone flexed egotistically, "Yeah, because all the ladies at the front desk fell at my feet as they dragged me in here." Lily snorted and spoke without thinking, "Potter, your skin is literally rotting off your face." Lily spun to face him, immediately sorry her insensitive retort had slipped out. Instead of looking angered though, his lip was curled into a half smile, "I guess they weren't crying because of my good looks then?" She liked him. He was shrewd in a sort of charming way that had caused a smile to filter across her features more than once. Looks aside, he was the first man in ages to make her smile so authentically. She placed down her clipboard and walked over to the right side of the bed. She wrinkled her nose as she got closer and smelled the indistinguishable smell of putrid flesh. His normal skin was tan but the right half of his face was red, white, and disgusting. "On a scale of one to ten how much does it hurt?" She asked, reaching out with a gloved hand to touch his face. "One hundred and twenty six." "How accurate." "I'm very precise." James winced when her hand touched his burned face. Some of the skin crumpled under her touch and she wondered why the main Hospital hadn't figured out what substance caused the skin irritation. It seemed they had managed to stop the skin disease from spreading but it still looked awful. James hissed when her fingers hit a bloody spot on his temple. "You certainly did a number on yourself." She murmured. "I'm an auror and we did an underground run of illegal substances." He enlightened, "some git poured this nasty yellow juice all over me when I was wrestling him." Lily leaned closer and could see a bit of yellow among the white pus on his scalp. Now that she was close, he wasn't looking at her, instead his left eyes squinted at the sheets. He seemed to be holding his breathe too, as if afraid to startle her. She bit her lip and wondered aloud, "odd that it's eating away your skin." "If you could make it stop eating my face, that'd be brill ." Lily couldn't resist teasing him as she pulled away from his temple, "feeling that self confidence draining with each passing second?" "My self confidence left the moment you walked through those doors." She took ahold of his hands on his lap and yanked him off the pillow briefly. He winced at the movement and when she followed the trail of damaged skin past his collar Lily felt a lump in her throat. "We need to take your gown off." She commanded. "At least let me take you to dinner first." He retorted gallantly. Lily ignored his words and instead let her gloved hand wander to the neck of the hospital gown he wore. She unhooked the first button and pulled it aside to revel red lines on his chest. The tainted skin continued all the way down to his abdomen. With each breath he took, Lily could tell the pitiful skin wounded him. Lily wondered how a man who had to be in so much pain, could be so cheery. Lily could tell where the trail of mystery acid had ventured too. She could almost see the accident happening. The man must've dumped the acid on James' forehead and the liquid seeped down the right side of his face, neck, and chest. Someone had done a shotty buzz cut to his hair, trying to help when the accident first happened. Lily examined the wound closely, ignoring James' sounds of protests each time she touched the burned skin. The door opened as Lily was probing his body and James jumped a little from the intrusion, trying to cover the scars with the fabric pooled at his waist. Lily grabbed his good shoulder so he couldn't move before glancing behind her shoulder. Alissa Godders stood in the doorway, her face pallid as she considered at James with shock. "Godders get me some tweezers," Lily ordered the newer healer to break her from the stare that made James' skin warm under her fingertips. "Of course." Godders seemed thankful for the excuse to leave the room abruptly. Lily turned her head back to James. His left eye peeked at her anxiously, "Am I that ghastly looking?" "Your boyfriend will love you no matter what." She joked. "It'd be fine if he was my boyfriend." James chuckled, "But he's my brother."