Anonymous Asked: Could you write something where Snape is Lily's boss and she is always worried about losing her job because he wants more* of her but she loves James. Disclaimer: I may or may not have been under the influence of alcohol when I wrote part of this and made up the title. Sorry in advance. I'm actually a bitter child who hates Severus Snape. Lily had to admit, not only was her boss socially useless and awkward, but she also hated that she literally owed him for giving her a job in his shop because she was newly graduated from Hogwarts. It started out the moment he gave her the job at Prince's Potions in Diagon Alley. They'd been a year apart in school and she'd often caught him staring in her direction when they took Advanced Potions together but she never thought much about him. They walked with different crowds and were interested in different things outside of the Potions classroom. She'd been startled when she came into the shop for the job interview and realized who he was. Severus had hired Lily on the spot, saying he got a good recommendation from the Potion's master at Hogwarts. They'd both been a part of the Potion's Club at school so it was highly likely Professor Slughorn contacted Severus but Lily was starting to wonder if that was really the case. It was a simple fact that her boss wanted more of her. Not in her work ethic or her production value, Severus could've cared less about how perfect she was in potioneering. It was clear to Lily Evans that Severus Snape didn't give two sickles about her dreams of potioneering. He was purely into her enlightening his world in a romantic aspect. Severus' impractical advancements started with random thoughtful words. "You look really pretty today." He'd tell her as she restocked the doxie eggs. "Thank you." She'd just smile courteously and continue restocking the doxie eggs, thinking nothing of it. Lily didn't really consider it at first because they did have agreeable conversations and she did owe Severus for the job. The Ministry only had job postings for their Potions department once a year (if that) so she needed all the experience she could get. Severus knew of her goals and respected her talent for Potions. Severus often asked her for her opinion on the potions he brewed for their patrons. They laughed over the newspaper articles on up and coming potioneering written by a woman named Rita Skeeter. Severus even gave Lily a week off for her father's 65th birthday so she could go home for the surprise party. He was a good boss and gave her whatever she asked for. And yet… One day after she returned from vacation he did something that made her falter a bit in her previous ideals of him. They were both bent over a cauldron, watching the brew bubble. They had to wait for it to turn blue before they could add the fairy wings. "Did you do something with your hair?" he asked her when she tucked a strand behind her ear. And then Severus reached out and touched a strand, startling her and causing her to almost drop a vile of unicorn blood into the cauldron. The touch was premeditated and something in Severus' eyes made warnings go off in Lily's head. It reminded her of the advancements of many males in school she never held interest in. "No." she decisively answered, shuddering her head as he let his pale fingers slip through the strands. She wore her hair up at work after the strange encounter at the cauldron. Severus didn't seen to care because he found other ways to be near her. He brushed across her hand when she passed him vials. He placed a hand on her shoulder when they were both talking to a man examining their unicorn hair vials. He even walked her all the way to the safe apparition spot after work. It was starting to become discomforting and finally Lily said something about her fears to her friend Marlene McKinnon over lunch one day. They'd stopped at the ice cream parlor only a block away from Prince's Potions and right next door to Quality Quidditch Supplies where Marlene worked. "I mean do you think I should say something?" Lily asked, "Or am I thinking too much into it?" Marlene sat back in her chair and thought about Lily's story. The sun (a rarity in England) was bouncing off Marlene's blonde curls and creating a golden halo around her head that caught the eyes of their handsome male neighbors. However pretty Marlene was, she made up for it with her tomboyish attitude. Even now, she licked ice cream off her fingers in a very unladylike fashion as she considered Lily's words carefully. "He hasn't made a real move, right?" Marlene questioned, "I mean he hasn't tried anything?" "Not really." Lily grumbled and stared at her melting ice cream like it was the cause of her sudden misery, "But I don't like going to work anymore because I feel like he wants too make a move." "He's daft if he thinks you'd even be interested." Marlene said tartly, "You're a ten and he's a five at best." "Marlene." Lily glared at her friend, "Be nice." "He was a creep in school Lily," Marlene argued, "He hung out with those losers in Slytherin." "Because he was in Slytherin." Lily argued back, " We hung out with idiot Gryffindors." "Now, you wouldn't happen to be talking about me?" Lily looked up and beamed at the sight of someone she was overjoyed to see. Marlene dropped her spoon and stood up to wrap her arms around the tall black haired boy wearing a Fortesque's Ice Cream Parlor apron. His arms were tanned from holiday and his glasses fell to one side of his face as Marlene squeezed the life out of him. Lily stood up as soon as Marlene let go and threw her arms around James Potter equally as welcoming. "You're back!" Lily announced animatedly. James chuckled into her ear as he hugged her back, "Got back last night and old Fortesque put me right back onto the schedule!" "We missed you!" Marlene told James, "Old Fortesque doesn't give us nearly as much ice cream as you do!" Lily pulled away from James so she could stare up at his lighthearted face, "How was Egypt?" James' hazel eyes crinkled as he smiled even bigger, "Well, Sirius and I were almost detained for trying to break into a pyramid but other than that, it was fab." They all fell into seats at the table together as they laughed at James' story about breaking into a Pyramid. James sat next to Lily and took a swipe of whipped cream from her melting ice cream without even asking first. He looked so great after his holiday and Lily couldn't wipe the smile off her face. James Potter had also been a year ahead of Lily at Hogwarts but she'd been Prefect to his Head Boy. They'd worked together often enough that they became close friends in school. Even after James graduated they'd kept in touch through letters. James functioned as a chaser for Professional Quidditch Leagues but during off-season he spent time selling ice cream at the parlor. "So besides pyramids you boys had fun?" Lily asked, also taking a bite of her ice cream. James nodded and showed them a new golden watch on his wrist, "Everything was so cheap and I bought so many things I didn't even know I needed." "Lily just about croaked when you sent her that jade ring." Marlene commented cleverly so that James would flush and Lily would stare at her hands in embarrassment. "I'm happy you liked it." James told Lily with a gentle smile, "Sirius thought you'd like it." "Yeah it was totally all Sirius' idea." Marlene rolled her eyes as she took a large mouthful of her butterbeer ice cream when Lily just smiled at James and ignored her jab at James' best friend Sirius Black. Lily knew Marlene was probably right, the jade ring had probably been all James' idea. Even still, Lily thought it was cute that James was afraid to admit that he'd thought of Lily while he'd been on vacation. "I loved it." Lily told James truthfully, "I'd have it on now if it wasn't for my job." James perked up at the mention of her job; Lily had only just started it when he and Sirius left for Egypt. At Lily's less than excited expression, James frowned. James' frown always made him look like a drowning puppy. James ruffled his hair (an old habit) and leaned his elbow on the table so he could stare at Lily effectively. "Oh yeah, how's that going?" "Her boss is a creep." Marlene answered for Lily after swallowing her mouthful of ice cream. "Who's your boss?" James asked Lily with concern. "Severus Snape?" Lily was compensated when recognition flew across James' face. In fact, the recognition wasn't exactly what Lily had been anticipating. James' fists curled and something like concern flashed over his face. Lily tilted her head at him. James quickly explained his mood when he noticed both girls staring at his aggravated appearance. "Be careful around him," James told Lily, "He was my year in school and he wasn't a good person." Lily bit her lip then asked, "Nothing, bad, bad , right? Just like, hung out with the wrong people?" "Sure." James answered sourly, standing up and wiping his hands on his frock. Lily pouted as she stared up at James who looked positively flustered. Marlene exchanged a look with Lily. They both knew that James liked mostly everyone, so Severus must've really rubbed James the wrong way. "I gotta go or Fortesque will make me clean the loo again for abandoning my post." James waved himself away, heading back inside the ice cream shop. Lily fiddled with her spoon and sighed when she saw the clock in the courtyard read half past one. As if sensing her despair, the sun sank behind the clouds again and a slight breeze ruffled her shirt. "Well, I'd better get back." "It's gonna be fine Lily." Marlene encouraged her as they threw out their trash, "Snape would have to be an idiot to make any actual move on you. You'd jinx him into next year if he tried." Lily definitely was more cautious around Severus after speaking with James. In roder to ward off his advances she kept herself busy. Lily gave herself the penultimate task to organize the back storeroom of the shop. It was littered with unlabeled boxes and ingredients. She worked hard but that only seemed to make Severus cheerier. He stood in the back with her while she organized the many boxes of potions ingredients and mini cauldrons just talking to her. Lily would talk to him, if only just to pass the time, but she didn't like the way she stared when he thought she wasn't paying attention. "Want to go grab dinner with me?" he asked one night as they closed up store. "Uh," Lily exhaled, feeling stuck, "I—I can't." He definitely looked disappointed, "Why not?" Lily licked her lips and shrugged as she grabbed her purse, "I'm meeting my friends for a drink." "I'll come too." Severus offered, pallid hand opening the door for her. Lily skirted past him, "uhm, it's just a girls night…sorry." She apologized quickly when she saw annoyance flash across his face, "See you tomorrow!" Once Lily was home she felt horrible, perhaps Severus had just wanted to be nice and get dinner with her. Even still, Lily didn't feel comfortable going to dinner with her boss; afraid it would cause more problems than it was worth. Lily couldn't shake the feeling that Severus Snape wanted more from her. He asked her to dinner again the