Disclaimer: I own nothing, especially not this mess. .1. An anonymous person requested that I write a story where Lily and James are childhood best friends that turn into teenage lovers so I took the liberty to rewrite The Prince's Tale, where James Potter replaces Serverus Snape. They met in a sunlit and virtually deserted playground. A single huge chimney dominated the skyline, common for a working town like Cokeworth. A boy was playing on the slide alone, surfing it on his belly. His black hair was curly and long enough that it fell over his square shaped glasses. He only looked at his playground companions once or twice. Two girls were swinging backwards and forewords, trying to get their toes to touch the sky. The younger of the two girls was swinging higher and higher than her sister. They wore the same shirts but they were both different in looks and stature. "Lily don't do it!" shrieked the elder of the two. But the dark red haired girl let go of the swing at the very height of it's arc and flew into the air, quite literally flew, launching herself skyward with a great burst of laughter. Instead of crumbling on the playground asphalt she soared like a trapeze artist though the air, staying up far too long and landing far too lightly. "Mummy told you not too!" Petunia stopped her swing by dragging the heels of her sandals on the ground, making a crunching grinding sound. Petunia then leapt off the seat, hands on her hips. "Mummy said you weren't allowed, Lily!" "But I'm fine," said Lily, still giggling, "Tuney, look at this. Watch what I can do!" Petunia looked around. The playground was deserted save for the boy in glasses. Lily had picked up a fallen flower from the bush beside the swing set. Petunia advanced, torn between curiosity and disapproval. Lily waited until Petunia was close enough to have a clear view and then held out her palm. The flower sat there, opening and closing its petals, like some bizarre many-lipped oyster. "Stop it!" Petunia yelled. "It's not hurting you." Said Lily, but she closed her hand on the blossom and threw it to the ground. "It's not right," said Petunia, but her eyes followed the flowers flight to the ground and lingered on it, "How'd you do it?" she added, and there was definite longing in her voice. "It's obvious, isn't it?" The boy had come over and neither girl had noticed his arrival. Petunia jumped at the sound of his voice and took a few steps towards the swings. Lily, though clearly startled, remained where she was. Lily had never seen the boy before and was intrigued by the outlandish black robe he wore. He had dirt on his long tan nose. "What's obvious?" asked Lily. The boy tilted his head and grinned cockily. With a glance at the distant Petunia, hovering by the swings, he lowered his voice and said, "Your different from her." "What do you mean?" "You're a witch." She was affronted by his taunt, " That's not a very nice thing to say to somebody!" She turned, nose in air, and marched off to stand beside her sister. The boy called after her, "Ever made anything happen that you can't explain?" The sisters considered him, united in disapproval, both holding onto one of the swing poles. Lily knew the boy had seen her play with the petals on the flower, so it was obvious she could do things that were unexplainable. Lily's parents had always warned her not to do anything special, in case she was set apart from the other kids in Cokesworth. The boy continued talking, pushing his glasses up his nose, "You're a witch but there's nothing wrong with that. My mum is a witch. And I'm a wizard." Petunia's laugh was like cold water. "Wizard!" she yelped, her courage returned now that she had recovered from the shock of his unexpected appearance. "I know who you are. You're that Potter boy! They live down by the river." She told Lily, and it was evident from her tone that she considered the idea repulsive, "You father is unemployed because he's mad. You must be too, if you think my sister is a witch." "You're just jealous of her." The boy seemed unbothered by Petunia's wrath, "because you can't do the same things she can because you're a muggle." Though Petunia did not understand the last word, she didn't like Potter's tone. "Lily, come on, we're leaving!" she said shrilly. Lily obeyed her sister at once, glaring at the Potter boy as she left through the playground gate. Petunia assured Lily that the Potter's were a mad family that lived in one of the shacks by the river. Petunia was certain the boy had to be as mad as his parents but even after going home, Lily wondered about what the boy had said. "He's mad Lily." Petunia told her over and over, "There's no such thing as witches and wizards." Lily remembered what Petunia had said; the boy lived down by the river. Lily wondered if she'd ever passed his house when she played by the river alone with her magnified glass she'd gotten from her parents for Christmas. The houses over there were mostly run down and very old. Lily lived in town with her family but she didn't think her parent's flat was any better than the houses along the river. At least the old houses by the river had a nice view. Two days later Lily bit the bullet after school and told her sister she'd forgotten something in her teacher's classroom. Petunia asked if Lily really needed her favorite pen and Lily assured her that she did. Petunia rolled her eyes, clearly exasperated with her younger sister, "Fine. I'll tell mum you'll be late." Lily was astounded she got away with her lie but took the chance and made the long way around back to the playground where she'd met the boy. The playground was crowded today, most of the kids hanging there after school. Lily's eyes skirted beyond the swing set to the tree line. She made one last lingering look towards the town before running to the trees. She followed an old rocky road that led to a few well-spaced shacks on the river edge. The river wasn't clear, it had a cloudy polluted tinge to it, but Lily still thought it was prettier than the fume covered streets she lived on. Lily stared at each house in wonder, hoping to spot the boy and his peculiar family. She made it to the end of the shacks and she was discouraged until she spotted a thick batch of black hair under a thicket of trees. The boy hadn't spotted her yet. He was dressed in those funny robes that looked warm for the springtime. He was reading from a book, something that she would've never expected from a self-proclaimed wizard. The sunlit river was glittering through the trunks he was leaning against. The shadows cast by the trees made a basin of cool green shade for the boy. Lily had been by this part of the woods many times and was surprised she'd never seen the boy before. "Hey." Lily shouted gracelessly. His head shot up at the sound of her voice. When he squinted and realized the girl in front of him was the girl from the playground a huge grin spread across his face. Lily immediately regretted saying anything. His book dropped to the grass and he crossed his legs to feign a casual demeanor. Lily blurted out, "What's your name?" "James." He called to her, "And yours?" "Lily." The boy smiled even wider, "Well get over here Lily!" Lily chewed her lower lip but complied, quickly walking over to the boy and plopping down to the grace in front of the boy. He eagerly watched as she placed her backpack on the ground next to her. Some of her books were sticking out and she didn't stop him when he grabbed one (her science book) and stared at the space cover with interest. "Are you too poor to go to school?" Lily asked sympathetically. "What?" his hazel eyes shot up at her alarmed, "No, of course not." "Oh," she flushed red, "I just thought since your dad was unemployed and I haven't seen you before…" "My dad isn't unemployed and I go to school—or I will when I'm old enough." James told her sincerely, "Wizards don't go to primary school." "Petunia says wizards don't exist." The boy seemed surprised by her, "You really believe everything your sister tells you?" Lily stuck her nose in the air, "I think for myself, thank you very much." James pushed his glasses up his nose, "You obviously believed what I said, about you being a witch." "What makes you think that?" asked Lily. James looked smug, "Because you wouldn't be talking to me if you didn't." Lily was going to argue with him but instead she let the words she'd been holding in tumble out, "It's just—I always have been able to do weird things like get candy bars from the top shelves and I've never broken a bone in my life even though I've fallen out of trees and my parents just say I'm special but I just hate thinking that—" "Breathe." The boy said lightheartedly, tossing a few blades of grass at her, "I told you, you're a witch." Lily pouted, "What about my parents?" she asked, "Wouldn't they tell me that I was a witch?" "They can't tell you if they're muggles." James told her, "You'll be told when you get your Hogwarts letter." "My what?" "Your Hogwarts letter." James illuminated, "Hogwart's is a school for people like you and I." "People like what?" "Witches and wizards, weren't you listening?" he rolled his eyes sarcastically and Lily huffed. "But that's all made up!" Lily exclaimed, "Like in fairytales!" James raised an eyebrow at her, "What if I can prove it to you?" "How?" Lily demanded. James stood up, brushing off his clothes before stooping down to grab his book. Lily stood up too and noticed they were the same height. James was really skinny but Lily liked his smile, it was genuine. James motioned for Lily to follow him and she found herself doing so purely out of curiosity. "How old are you?" Lily asked as they made their way up a slope and away from a river. "Nine." James answered, "You?" "Nine." James glanced at her over his shoulder, "No way!" he said excitedly, walking backwards to talk with her better, "We'll be in the same year at Hogwarts!" "Okay." Lily wasn't quite sure how to respond to his enthusiasm, wondering if this was all a game to the strange boy. A crumbling cottage with vines, grey stones, and square windows appeared in front of them. Lily stopped following the boy. James noticed her silence and crossed his arms. "What's wrong?" "You live here?" she murmured, "I thought these flats were deserted." James shrugged, "Nah, that's just the magic to keep muggles from snooping." He grabbed her hand and yanked her forward so she couldn't stand in her reservation. Lily's jaw dropped as they passed the stone rock pile surrounding the flat. The house transformed to a two-floor quaint cottage complete with stained glass windows. Lily blinked multiple times to make sure she hadn't imagined it. "How?" she asked in awe. "Magic." The boy told her, "Dad does a lot of his potion work here in Cokesworth since our home in Godric's Hollow is too close to other families for him to experiment." It took introducing Lily to his parents and showing her a magical flying broomstick before she believed him wholeheartedly. The Potter's welcomed Lily into their eclectic home with open arms. James' father was a wizard (who wasn't unemployed) with knobby knees and a warm smile.