Requested on tumblr: Ballerina Lily meets Street Dancer James. I took a few creative liberties so I hope whoever requested this doesn't mind that I kinda changed James from street dancer to off-the-street-in-a-studio dancer to fit the plot I wanted. Enjoy! Adagio In ballet, an adagio ( uh da zhe-o ) is a succession of slow, soft, lyrical and continuous movements. It was while at his brother's class at the Potter Contemporary Dance Studio that James first saw the lovely red haired ballerina. She was dressed warmly in thick tights, a woolen company jacket embroidered with pink ballet slippers, and furry boots. Red hair stuck out of a purple knit hat, the red strands matching the blush from the cold wind on her cheeks. James was in the back of the class (Sirius refused to let him at the front claiming it was nepotism) and kept getting flashes of her as she posted the flyer at the front of the classroom. If Sirius spotted her, he made no motion to say hello. She turned to face the group of dancers as quickly as the swooping feeling in his stomach when he saw her smile at the other girl she'd come in with. The ballerina's green eyes glanced once more around the classroom and landed on James for a few seconds. She offered him a smile before she and her brunette friend left the dance room. James tripped slightly, catching himself and fixing his movements from unyielding to flowing. Sirius shouted at James not to miss his steps and James allowed himself to focus on his ending rotation so as to keep Sirius off his arse. As soon as the music was off and Sirius' class was dismissed, James quietly walked over to where the girl had stood taping a poster to Sirius' wall of motivation. It was covered in various flyers, posters from Broadway musicals, and pictures of past students. James found the flyer right next to the picture of Sirius and James in their mum's production of The Sound of Music when they were eight years old. It was a bright orange flyer with a swan at the top, promoting Levinstown Ballet's tryouts for Swan Lake . "What were the pointes doing in here?" James craned his neck to see Sirius had finally noticed his brother's absence in the socializing happening behind the wall of motivation. Sirius had taken to the family theatrics business way more than James ever had, taking over the dance studio after their mum had passed away. Sirius spent most of his time teaching his favorite dance style (contemporary) but had other teachers at the studio teaching jazz and hip hop. It was a popular studio, even thought the upper class moms often were disappointed to find out that the Potter Contemporary Dance Studio offered zero ballet classes. After Mrs. Potter died and could no longer teach, Sirius disbanded the programs. Sirius was no fan of ballet after Mrs. Potter had forced him to be in a multiple company production of The Nutcracker when he was seven. The Sugar Plum Fairy stepped on his foot and sprained it, leaving Sirius bitter for the rest of his life, much to James' amusement. "Looks like Levinstown Ballet needs some male performers for Swan Lake ." James told Sirius, yanking the flyer off the wall and handing it to his brother, "Fancy trying out?" "Fuck that," Sirius jeered, "I can't believe a pointe had the balls to walk into my studio." " Our studio." Where Sirius had taken to the theatrical side of the family, James had taken to the business side. Although James danced for fun (as was expected of a Potter) James had more of an apt for numbers and advertisings. As a result of his knack for numbers, James owned fifty percent of the Potter Contemporary Dance Studio. Sirius was apt to forget that fact since he basically lived in the small studio teaching his classes and helping to inspire the artistic youth. "Yeah, yeah." Sirius grumbled at James' correction as he crumpled the orange flyer and tossed it on the studio floor. James raised an eyebrow; "You aren't going to tell your students about the open casting call?" "Absolutely not." Sirius said, "Did you not recognize the red haired pointe trying to steal my trained artists?" James took his thick-framed glasses out from his pockets to put them on his face as he retorted skeptically, "I'd say she's a livid ex girlfriend but I know you'd never willingly shag a ballerina." Sirius shuddered at the thought, "No," he said determinedly, "That was Sugar Plum." " That's the pointe who sprained your foot when you were seven?" James laughed and some of the remaining students glanced their way with interest as he did so. "It's not funny James I couldn't dance for month and fell way behind for training for So You Think You Can Dance ." "You still didn't win." Sirius flicked James the bird, "Get out of here before I kill you." James danced out of the way of Sirius' swinging foot before reaching down and grabbing the orange flyer. Sirius saw James' swift grab and groaned. "No," Sirius said quickly as James uncurled the flyer, "You are not going to tell any of my students—I don't want to lose any of them to Levinstown Ballet for three months of practice for fucking Swan Lake ." "I wasn't going to tell your students." James told Sirius thoughtfully. "Really?" Sirius didn't trust James, and for good reason. "No," James grinned sheepishly, "Because I'm going to try out for it." Sirius refused to speak to James for three days because he was a 'traitor' for even thinking of trying out for the ballet. "Come on Sirius," James laughed at Sirius' pointed glares, "It'll be fun!" "You're contemporary trained!" Sirius argued with James, "Mum didn't make you learn pointe for very long—you probably suck!" Sirius cautious warnings fell on deaf ears. James looked up the ballet on YouTube. He studied the way the dancers moved and yes , James wasn't classically trained, but James could extend his foot out a bit more and look not utterly ridiculous. Truth be told, the only reason he was willing to try was because of the possibility of seeing the ballerina again. Not to mention Sirius' revulsion with James for even trying ballet was entertaining and James was willing to play out the 'traitor' card as long as possibly possible just for laughs. James arrived an hour early to the ballet studio, expecting to have to wait a while for his turn to audition. Where the Potters' studio was mismatched and improper with lament floors, the ballet studio had shining wooden floors and two levels. The first floor appeared to be a waiting area for parents with kids in the younger classes. James followed some ballerinas up a narrow stairwell to the second floor of the building. Split in half by nothing but a glass wall, the entire upstairs was wooden floors and harsh white lights. James' mum was raised classically trained and would've died and gone to heaven. James was on the outside of the glass, staring into a crowd of girls in white tutus and sparkling leotards. It seemed that he'd stumbled upon the advanced pointe class. Six girls were prancing about the small studio, their pink satin slippers sliding across a polished wooden floor. He stared through the large window as other girls entered the glass room swiftly. With the glass opened to let the late dancers through, James heard violins drifting from a stereo. The violins raised Goosebumps on his arm as James watched the Pointe's in their sparkling tutus shimmer with their robotic movements. As the girls formed a perfect line, one of the tall girls in the back caught James' eye. It was Sugar Plum, the one who had stepped on Sirius' foot at age seven. Her red hair gave her away, dividing her from the other blonde and brunette swans prancing elegantly about the room. James' breathe was caught in his throat. Her feet were drifting her body slightly to the left of everyone else, skimming the ground in a way that made her appear to float. Her fingers were long and stretched out for the sky as her toes balanced her entire body skillfully. He held his breath as she precariously lifted her left foot from the floor so that she balanced on her right toes. She spun quickly, her head snapping back to the mirror in a way to forgo becoming dizzy. When she stopped her pirouette, her entire body turned towards him. James was entranced instantly by the dark green shadow of her eyes. The ballerina smirked when she noted his figure staring through the window of the ballet studio. James grinned back at her and she seemed to slip for a moment and then she followed the blonde in front of her into a series of leg lifts and kicks. James took the time she turned away to study her figure. With long legs and incredible arm and leg muscles, James knew the girl was no amateur. Bruises showed on her thighs and James was sure she could possibly be bleeding into the pretty silk slippers on her feet. Ballet was a much more painful version of dancing in James' opinion. Every muscle in a ballerina's body looked tense as they preformed where as James felt loose and giddy when he danced to the latest Halsey song Sirius had picked out. James never stopped smiling when he danced because he was trained to use his face melodramatically. In comparison, these ballerinas kept vacant expressions as they twirled about the well-lit studio. Sugar Plum caught his attention again for that very reason. Her auburn hair was done up in a tight bun like the others but little whisps fell from the clips, highlighting the huge smile that never left her face. She was already beautiful with a very round face and skin that seemed to shimmer under the unforgiving studio lights. Her body kept her in balance as she twisted off from the group of girls to preform a Grande Jeté. When her feet rose in the air, the ribbons crisscrossing her ankles fluttered like wings. When she landed from her jump, he could hardly tell there was any impact; she was so light on her feet. Her long legs kept her in time to the slow music feeding from speakers next to the teacher wearing a purple leotard. The ballerina's green eyes danced along with her feet, never staying in one spot as she moved about the room as if she owned it. It was very clear to James that this woman was not only skilled at her craft, but she was in love with it. If Sirius wasn't so traumatized by Sugar Plum from The Nutcracker , James was certain Sirius would want to be friends with her. The music filled with violins ended and the teacher called out to he girls to cool down as a more modern song came on the radio. Behind James, more boys were arriving for the tryouts. Some of the girls behind the glass noticed and were glancing their way. James saw a blonde give him a wink more than once. As Ed Sheeran's smooth voice filtered across the studio, James crossed his arms while the ballerinas continued another dance, this time a more slow centered glide about the studio. The dance was mostly filled with leg stretching and arm tangling as the girls played with one another. It was clear this was their free time to express themselves. With boys outside watching, the ballerinas did not disappoint. Sugar Plus was holding hands with a brunette and they were twirling each other lightheartedly. While the Pointes danced, the owner of the studio appeared behind the group of boys, clearing her throat. James turned away from Sugar Plum to focus his attention on