Hello Everyone, I just wanted to let you know this once was the story of Possessive Over His Obsession. After some hard thinking and a good talk with my family. I decided to go on with the story, but this time the story will be a little different. Not much, but it will be differren. I'm doing it to please anyone, but myself. It's a story I've been writing for a while my writing has change and so have I and I wanted to express that more. Thank you for understanding and remember let's respect one another on here. Therefore keep it clean, reviews are good whether you like the chapter or not but slander is not. Thanks Brooklyn Chapter 1: Home Sweet Home Bella Swan's~ Point of View I had said my goodbyes to the sun. To the dry desert land that had been my home for the past six years. I would miss the blazing heat, the clear blue sky, and the bustling of the city, but most of all I would miss the life I had made for myself here. It was all just a small sacrifice I was willing to make. I was exiling myself to a place where it rained in a consistent down pour all year round. In the Olympic Peninsula of northwest Washington, a small town named Forks was nestled in the forests outside Settle. It was here where my life had begun, and it was here where the nightmares had ended the innocence of my childhood. I had promised myself I wouldn't return, that my days of torment were over, but here I was, driving through green little town. The car ride with Charlie was awkward, to say the least. I haven't seen or spoken to him in over a year due to the distance and the abject relationship we had. Even when I was younger, making conversation with Charlie was never easy; I was only two when Charlie and Renee divorced. Renee couldn't take living in a small town, and Charlie wasn't going to leave my grandparents who were very sick at the time. So Renee decided to leave, telling Charlie, 'It just didn't work out, I'm sorry Charlie, just let me go.' With those last words, she left with me, leaving behind the man she once swore was the love of her life. I didn't resent her or Charlie for their mistakes. I just wasn't going to follow in their footsteps. I played with the zipper on my jacket and watched the mass of green outside my window. I wondered if this was all there was of Forks, green. "Uh, I redid your bedroom, you know, switched the day bed out since it's older than your grandmother. I didn't touch anything, just exchanged the bed and put in an old desk I had around," Charlie mumbled, massaging the back of his neck, turning his eyes toward me. I had the feeling that he thought I was going to throw some sort of tantrum, like I used to do when I came to visit him. Of course, I was four then and didn't want to go fishing with him for ten hours straight, but I didn't think that was a problem now, even if Charlie thought differently. "I'm sure it'll be fine," I shrugged, watching Charlie relax a little in his seat. I mentally rolled my eyes and rested my head against the headrest of Charlie's police cruiser. Charlie was the chief of police for the good people of Forks, and one of the downfalls of being the chief's daughter was the expectations that came along with it. I was sure that the whole town knew of my arrival; I could hear the gossip now. 'Police chief's daughter comes home at last.' It wasn't the worst of things, no, far from it. I would have to catch a ride in the white and blue police car. That was sure to gain the attention of my peers. I suppressed a groan and watched Charlie pull in the small drive behind a faded red truck. "Is someone supposed to be here?" "No. I, uh, kind of bought you a welcome home present," Charlie muttered shyly, his ears turning a slight pink, a telltale sign of his embarrassment. Charlie and I didn't quite share too many Hallmark moments together. It was always a silent kind of love we shared with each other. After inspecting the beast in front of me, I could definitely picture myself in it. The fenders alone would take out any other vehicle in my way! It was a decent tank for a klutz like me. I bit my lip, "Thanks." I mumbled, tucking my hair behind my ears. Charlie grunted before jumping out of the cruiser to avoid another touchy feely moment. I sat there for a minute trying to gather up enough nerve to glance at the house next door. There was a reason why I had avoided Forks for three years, why every cell in my body was alive again. I took a deep breath and lifted my eyes up at the freshly painted white house. It looked exactly same as the day I last saw it. The wraparound porch, the cherry red door, and the dark blue outline of the windows. It was the most beautiful house in two counties, and the people who lived there were just as beautiful. "Bella, are you going to sit there all day, or are you coming in?" Charlie asked, taking my only bag. I sighed, grudgingly stepping out into the drizzling rain and followed Charlie inside. Charlie's house was nothing much. Renee had done a little decorating in the beginning of their marriage; well that was the only time their short marriage had. The outside of the house needed painting; it was white, a little run down and had a small front porch. It was only a two bedroom house, but it had enough space for Charlie and me. The small changes in the house were all made by Renee, and Charlie had no plans to change any of it. Renee made sure to add her touch to each room. The kitchen was a sunny yellow, making an artificial light surround the small room. The oak table was little and had mismatched chairs. The front room wasn't fancy. The only thing Renee could do to fix it up was to add a second-hand green rug, it made the roughly used lazy boy and couch a little homier. There was only one bathroom, an unwelcome fact that I accepted long ago. Charlie carried my bag upstairs; I trudged along behind him, quietly, looking around at the familiar rooms. "Well, this is it," Charlie groaned, placing my bag on my newly acquired twin size bed. The room was just like I remembered; the light blue walls, the yellow lace curtains, and the hardwood floor. I was almost positive a loose board in the floor still hid my old diary. Charlie stood uncomfortably in the middle of my room, I shifted from foot to foot, and waited for him to get the message that I could take it from here. "I'm just going to…" I trailed off, gesturing to my bag. "Uh, yeah. I'll just let you settle in." Charlie replied, hurrying out of the room. I unpacked the small collection of books I brought and my scanty wardrobe, all in under an hour. I was on my way to freshen up in the bathroom when Charlie interrupted me. "Bells, Esme invited us over to have dinner with the rest of the Cullen's tonight. It's kind of a welcome home party or whatever the hell she called it." He huffed, practically rolling his eyes. "Anyway, she wants us over there in twenty minutes." Charlie called over his shoulder, as he went to get ready, himself. I stood in the middle of the hall. My hands began to grow sweaty, my body shaking with the prospect of meeting the boy or I should say man now, who stole my childhood. Flashback (Summer Age 8) I remember exactly when it all began; every precise detail of the summer that would forever change my life. I was eight years when the vacant house beside mine became occupied for the first time in three years. I watched curiously from my back yard, sitting beneath my newly built tree house. It was Charlie's way of trying to persuade me to like it here in this sunless place, but even then I couldn't find it in me to accept this rainy place. Charlie and Renee had both decided that they couldn't stand the thought of spending another minute together under the same roof. I was only four when it was decided for me that I would spend my school year with Renee in sunny California and my summer days with Charlie in dreary Forks, Washington. It didn't matter what state or town I was in, I was utterly and completely alone. I didn't mind. I was use to being alone. With Renee out with friends or boyfriends, and Charlie on call around the clock, I learned from an early age to be content with just myself. I patted the mud pie onto my chipped tea set plate and wiped the remaining residue onto my already dirty pants. I must have been so engrossed with my own thoughts that I didn't hear anyone approach. "Can I play, too?" A soft tenor voice asked. I squinted up, placing a hand over my eyes to block out the unusual sun and stared up at a boy about my age looking down at me with interest. He had the strangest color hair I had ever seen. It was the color of the pennies I had in the yellow piggy bank in my room. Strands of red and brown mixed with golden blond hair shined in the sun. His eyes were as green as the moss covered rocks that littered the nearby forest floor. His round face and cheeks were so pale that they made his crimson lips more pronounced. I was excited that I had someone who actually wanted to play with me. I rose to my feet with a slight bounce in my step, but once I took notice of his freshly pressed clothes and his shiny black shoes, I knew he wasn't going to be much fun. "I'm Edward Cullen, my family and I just moved in over there." He pointed to the freshly painted white house that once belonged to Mr. and Mrs. Marks before their sudden deaths. "Are you playing house?" He asked, bending down to pick up the runny mud pie sprinkled with grass and dirt. Standing to his full height, which was a good four inches taller than me, he smiled. "If you want, I could be the daddy, and you can be the mommy. Is this going to be our house?" He questioned me, staring straight into my eyes with a peculiar gleam in his own. For an eight year old, I could already tell that this boy was going to be demanding and persistent. I nibbled on my bottom lip and fiddled with the hem of my dirty covered shirt. I waited for him to get bored with my silent treatment. It wasn't like I didn't want any friends. I did, it was just something about this kid I wasn't quite sure about. He glanced up at my tree house with a crooked smile playing on his lips, studying the flower painted designs and hand prints cluttering the walls. After a thrilled look, Edward met my eyes again, and if it were possible, his smile widened. His smile was beautiful, and my tummy did a little flip. Still, something behind those eyes made me take a step back. I ducked my head shyly so that my dark hair made a curtain around my flushed face. I was confused by the conflicting feelings I was having.