A/N: This was supposed to be posted yesterday... It was something I thought up on a whim, so it's probably not as good as I hoped, but please read and enjoy. I guess there's a little Will x Nico later on, so if you don't like it... There's a little warning. Happy Halloween! Nico di Angelo sat on his bed, in his cabin, still awake at nearly five o'clock in the morning. He hasn't moved in three hours as he continuously stares at the clothes folded on the bed across the room. He had contemplated running away for just one evening, but he knew he wouldn't ever get away with that. It didn't matter where he went, the dreaded holiday would follow him; there was no escape from the horrors of Halloween. There were a few hours left until someone would come knocking at his cabin's door, he knew, but he had no intentions of moving from his place. Nico planned to just sit there until he had to stretch his legs that were just then beginning to cramp from being cross for so long. Nico looked to the clock on the wall above the door to his cabin, and sighed. He hadn't been thinking about anything in particular, but he just lost about an hour of his life. He didn't know what would happen that day, but he knew that there were going to be a lot of people dressing up, and going to the party that the camp was holding to celebrate this stupid holiday. Nico didn't think twice about not going. He just wasn't going to. He didn't care what the others said, he refused to go. Not matter what. A yawn escaped Nico's lips, and he slowly began drifting off. He hadn't been sleeping well, anxious for Halloween. He hoped nothing too bad would happen, though he knew that would be asking for too much. Before he knew it, Nico was deep in sleep, where he was the most vulnerable. Jason Grace groaned as his alarm went off. He slapped the stupid thing, and stretched. He slowly got out of bed and began preparing for the day. He had come to Camp Half-Blood a few days early to help set up for the party they were holding to celebrate Halloween. He had gone out with Percy, Annabeth, Piper, and Leo to get costumes. Hazel and Frank had decided to go a different day, dragging Nico along with them. He happily threw a shirt on, and slid on a pair of jeans, making his way to eat breakfast with the rest of the campers. Everyone was talking excitedly, be it about what they were going to the party as, or the party in general. Everyone was loud, as usual, unable to hold in their thoughts on who needed to go with who to the party, and all that good stuff. Jason flopped down at the Poseidon table, not caring about the rules. He sat next to Percy, who was already talking to Annabeth, who sat across from him. "Perfect," Percy said, turning to Jason. "Annabeth thinks that me going as Aquaman is a dumb idea." Jason looked to Annabeth, appalled. "Him not being able to go as Aquaman is like telling me I can't be Superman!" "That's what I was saying!" Percy nearly shouted, though compared to the other conversations around them, it didn't sound anywhere near a shout. Annabeth sighed. "But what am I supposed to be then?" "You can be anything you want, I don't care. I want to be Aquaman!" "Why don't you guys go as Batman and Catwoman?" Hazel asked, sitting down next to Annabeth, Frank sitting next to Hazel. "That would be cute." "Or Mario and Peach," Frank put in. "Mario and Peach actually never really did anything though," Leo informed the group, sliding on the bench next to Jason. "Be either Mario and Daisy, or Mario and Pauline, or whatever her name was... That would make more sense, at least. But why talk about it now? It's Halloween already, and we already bought our costumes. Why discuss this now?" "Percy decided that he wanted to be Aquaman instead of that vampire he paid for." "A vampire and a witch," Piper stated, sitting down on the other side of Annabeth. "I remember. Why change it now?" she asked, looking to Percy. "Because vampires and witches don't mix," Leo answered, his mouth full. "Doesn't matter. Percy, how about you just go as the vampire?" Piper asked, a hint of charmspeak in her voice. Sighing in defeat, Percy nodded, and agreed to just go as the vampire. "What's Death Breath going as?" Leo asked, looking to Frank and Hazel. Frank looked to Hazel, waiting for her to answer. Hazel swallowed what she had in her mouth and looked to Leo. "Nico didn't pick out a costume. He said Halloween was stupid, and that this party is a waste of time. He said he wasn't going." "What?!" Percy and Jason asked, both standing up. "Nico isn't allowed to skip this one," Percy said, getting out of the bench. "He's going, whether he likes to or not," Jason added, following Percy to the Hades cabin. Hazel sighed. "I didn't even sleep in the cabin last night. I hope Nico's okay." "I'm sure he's fine... Just not excited about today," Piper said, smiling. Percy pounded on the door to the Hades cabin, shouting for Nico to come out. "Nico, come on out. We're going to get a costume for you, so come on!" The door opened with a creak, revealing a shorter boy. Bags were under Nico's dark eyes, his black hair hanging in his face as if he had just gotten out of bed. Percy grabbed Nico's wrist, and pulled him into the open. The pale boy looked scared for a brief moment before he elected to glare at the two before him. "What do you want?" he demanded, just wanting to go back inside and sleep; forget about today. "We've come to take you out," Percy said. "We're getting you a costume because you're going to the party tonight." Nico shook his head. "No. Absolutely not." "No can do. That's not going to happen." "I refuse to make a fool of myself and go to this ridiculous party," Nico insisted. "Nico, everyone is dressing up. It's not like we're getting you to dress up to be the only one," Jason told Nico "You don't understand. Just leave me alone," Nico said. "I'm not going." Percy and Jason stood there, watching as Nico locked himself in his cabin once more. They didn't understand why Nico didn't want to go so badly, but they were going to get him there. The day passed by slowly for Nico. He had elected to fall back to sleep when Percy and Jason left, but he didn't sleep for long. He vaguely remembered what he was dreaming about, but he knew that he was terrified of whatever it was. He recalled waking up, screaming, but he didn't seem to have attracted anybody from outside. He was thankful for that. Nico just wasn't in the mood to deal with people. He was sitting on his bed, a cold sweat dripping down the side of his face. Nico hugged his knees close, and he held his face on his knees. He felt like crying, but knew it wouldn't be wise until the party started. Everyone was going to the party, so no one would knock to disturb Nico, and ask questions. Nico's thoughts were once again interrupted by a knocking at the door. He grumbled, but went to answer it anyway. He was surprised to see Hazel there. It was just her too. Frank wasn't there, nor were any of the others. "Nico," she started off unsure of herself. "Won't you please come to the party? It's going to start soon... You don't even have to dress up! Just come." As Nico opened his mouth to reply, but Hazel spoke again, cutting him off. "For me?" she asked with a begging look in her eyes. Nico couldn't stop himself from nodding and answering, "Fine. But I'll leave if it's stupid." Hazel smiled widely, hugging Nico. He tensed up immediately, and regretted it too. Hazel stepped back, and smiled slightly at Nico. "I.. Sorry. I shouldn't have just... We'll come to get you when we're going. Be ready, okay?" Nico nodded, and stood in the doorway, watching Hazel leave for just a moment before retreating back into the safe haven that was the Hades cabin. Jason and Percy argued over who had the better costume, while Annabeth talked with Frank and Hazel, as Leo kept taking Piper's cat ears, and Piper untying the kid's eye patch in return. The group was working their way to the Hades cabin to make sure Nico was coming. They were surprised he had changed his mind, but they were glad of it. Hazel approached the door ahead of the others, and knocked lightly. When there was no answer from the dark cabin, she tried again. "Maybe he went on ahead," Frank said, not wanting Hazel to worry so much. "No... He wouldn't. I don't think," Hazel responded. "I'll go make sure he's up and ready," she then said, opening the squeaky door, and going inside. The others waited outside, letting Hazel deal with her half brother. "Nico?" Hazel called into the darkness, allowing her eyes to adjust. "Are you ready to go?" There was still no answer. Hazel walked over to the beds, but both were empty, with no sign of anyone being in there for a while. Hazel walked around for a little while, occasionally calling for Nico, and keeping her eyes open for any signs of movement. She froze when she saw a light through a different door that she always guessed was to outside. But this one was different. This light was brighter than the light outside, so that meant that was the bathroom. Hazel knocked on that door, and called for Nico again, but again, there was no answer. She grasped the handle, closing her eyes in case Nico was changing, and opened it. When she opened her eyes, Hazel came face to face with Nico. He had taken out a pair of earbuds that were playing a loud song Hazel didn't recognize. Aside from that, Hazel noticed that Nico's face was covered in makeup or something to make him resemble a skeleton even more than he already did. Other than his face, Nico was dressed how he usually was, and at first, he just stood there, looking at Hazel. "Is it time to go?" he asked, breaking a whole minute of silence. "Y-yeah," Hazel managed to say, and the two siblings made there way outside. Everyone stared at Nico when they came out, but it was just for a moment. "Awesome mask dude!" Leo exclaimed, looking at Nico from the back of the group. "That's not a mask," Annabeth informed Leo, nodding at Nico approvingly. "Who cares, let's go!" Percy then shouted, leading the others to the party. Music was booming, people were dancing, and the decorations were still standing. Percy and Jason immediately joined the others and began talking with various people from different cabins. Annabeth and Piper soon did the same, and Leo burst into the dancing area, his pirate hat flying off his head as his slid. Nico didn't realize he was standing alone until he spotted Hazel and Frank talking to a couple from the Ares and Athena cabin respectively. Nico just looked around and observed all the costumes. There were a few superheros, some villains, and a lot of people dressed up as things Nico didn't even know. He felt out of place, like he knew he was, and he felt sick to his stomach. He knew that it wasn't because he was alone that he was sick, but because the dead tried their hardest on this day