A/N: Doesn't follow the books completely. Also, I apologize in advance for any and all OOCness. Just bear with me please. Thank you for reading, and I hope you like it! Will Solace was seated at the Apollo table during dinner, talking happily with his siblings as his eyes wandered to the Hades table. He frowned, seeing it empty as usual. Hope fluttered in him again as he looked to the small group at the Poseidon table with Percy Jackson, though a certain Nico di Angelo was still no where in sight. Knowing full well he'd have to drag Nico out of his cabin, force feed him, or both, Will let out a sigh and slumped down, beginning to pick at his food, appetite suddenly diminished. How much longer was the stubborn son of Hades going to keep this up? Pushing back his plate, Will stood up, and decided now would be a good time to get Nico out of his little hiding hole. Will went up to the door of the Hades cabin, and raised a hand to knock when he saw the note pinned to the outside. 'Don't bother, no one is in. Try again in a week.' Another sigh escaped Will's mouth as he stared at the note, reading it over just to make sure. He didn't realize Nico's handwriting was so messy, but the handwriting was all but forgotten when the door opened, and a skeleton exited the cabin, not noticing Will standing there. The skeleton guy pinned something else to the door before he walked past Will, the ground swallowing him before closing as if it never happened. Will stared at the other note, taking notice of the same handwriting as the first. "So he's too lazy to write his own notes?" Will asked himself with a small chuckle. But all those thoughts were shoved aside when he heard someone call Nico, the kid who was supposed to be gone. "Nico, wait! What's wrong? I thought you were going to be in New Rome with Hazel for the week?" It was none other than Jason Grace, the person closest to Nico aside from Hazel... Who was still alive. Will waited there, just knowing Nico was working his way to his cabin. Will stood before the cabin door, not letting Nico inside, allowing Jason to catch up. "Nico, slow down, please. You haven't explained anything," Jason was the only one to talk. "What's going on?" Without saying a word, Will found himself unconsciously moving aside, allowing Nico to enter his cabin, Jason at his heels. "You're upset, I get that, but Nico, we can't help you unless you tell us what's wrong. Right, Will?" Being suddenly brought into this, Will didn't have a response ready to make it believable, so he just remained silent. However, Will's silence did nothing to slow Jason down from figuring out the reason for Nico's foul mood right then. Jason refused to be quiet, following Nico as the younger pulled out necessities, and stuffing them into a bag without care. "Nico, please. We just want to help. What's going on? Why are you wrung up about this?" Nico stopped suddenly, turning around faster Will thought anyone could. "Hazel has been missing for three days, and no one has been looking for her," Nico started off slowly, getting faster as he kept talking. "How could I not be upset about this?!" He muttered something in what Will could only guess as Italian as Nico shoved two more small containers, two he recognized as what medical pills were held in, before zipping the bag. Nico slung the bag over his shoulder, and made an effort to the door, but was unsuccessful when Will stepped in front of him once more. "Nico, think this through," Will finally spoke. "Do you have any idea where Hazel could be? What if she's with family or something like that?" What Will didn't understand was anything about Nico's or Hazel's past, so he didn't understand why that question infuriated Nico so much. "She's not with family. If she was with family, if I was with family, we would be together in a graveyard," Nico answered, a fake calmness about his words. "If she was with her mother, she would be dead like she should be, or back in 1932! If I was with my mother, I wouldn't be in America! I would be back in Italy, back to 19 freaking 40, which was a much better time than right now." Will didn't think Nico himself realized he was crying, the sister he neglected to mention obviously not forgotten. But with those words, Nico pushed past Will, not bothering to shadow travel quite yet. Will didn't understand what Nico said... What was he talking about those times? Maybe he should have paid better attention to things. Will felt so out of the loop at the moment, following Jason, who wasn't giving up on Nico yet. "Nico," Jason said again, grabbing Nico's arm. Nico spun around quickly, Jason releasing him as he saw the fear in Nico's eyes. "Just calm down. it's only been three days. Let's talk to Chiron, and we'll get a group to search for her." "Is that how it was when I went missing?" Will barely caught the near silent words Nico spoke. "When I was stuck in the jar, was 'it's only been three days' a common phrase?" Jason audibly swallowed. "No..." "So why is that it now?" "That threat is gone... We don't have to worry about -" "Don't say we don't have to worry about her. Hazel won't have what I did if she's in that situation. I don't plan to let her die again. She's the only one who can truly understand anything about my past, Jason. I need to make sure she's okay." "Do you have any leads whatsoever?" Will inquired, hoping to stop whatever fight was about to take place between two sons of the Big Three. "No, I thought I'd just start by looking in Manitoba," Nico said, heavy sarcasm in his voice. "Of course I have a lead." Nico whipped a picture out of his pocket, though Will wasn't sure what it was, he was was supposed to be looking at. It was a crappy Polaroid picture that looked like it wasn't even fully developed yet. Will sensed Nico's impatience, and could practically hear the kid roll his eyes as he suggested, "Top left corner. Look there." Will's eyes obeyed Nico's words, and saw a bound girl who couldn't be anyone other than Nico's half sister, Hazel Levesque. Will looked back to the bigger picture, and was finally able to make out a face. It was an ugly face; that of some sort of monster Will had never fought. The only thing he still didn't understand was where they could possibly be. "How does this help?" Will had to ask. He didn't know how else he would figure anything out, even if that meant suffering Nico's impatient wrath. "Do you even have eyes?" Nico demanded, flipping the picture over to find the specific location of whatever it was he was going to point out before turning it over once more, a pale, bony finger right underneath the ugly eye of the face in the front. "I don't get it," Will said after a moment of trying to figure it out. Nico groaned, insisting there was something there. "Don't you see the reflection? That statue doesn't ring a bell?" Will bit his lip, deciding lying wasn't in his best interest. "I don't get it. There's statues everywhere. What makes that one so special?" Will could tell Nico was doing his best to not lash out or something as the brooding son of Hades sucked in a deep breath before calmly explaining, "That specific one is in a place known as Dion. As in that sanctuary in Greece. I'd say that's my best chance of finding anything right off hand." "How do you know you'll find anything?" Jason questioned, refusing to be silent anymore. "I don't," Nico replied almost too quickly. "But since no one else has any ideas, or are bothering to do anything at all, this is what I'm going to do." "How are you even going to get to Greece? In case you haven't touched up on your geography recently, there's an entire freaking ocean in between Greece and here." Nico scoffed, "As if I could forget. I'm not stupid, Solace. I'll shadow travel of course. It's the easiest and fastest way to get there." "Nico, I refuse to let you do that," Jason said, grabbing Nico again, surprising Will. "Do you remember what happened last time you did something like that? Do you remember with Reyna an-" "Of course I remember," Nico growled. "It's just me. I'll be fine. I don't know why you two are so against it." "Because we don't know what's waiting for you. Nico, what if they're expecting you to come?" "Why wouldn't I?" "This could easily be a trap," Will put in, hoping it'd help his and Jason's cause. "So? I'm tired of the one being the bait. It'll be different than before." "Why are you acting like no one cares for you?" Jason asked. Will could feel the tension. It was thick as it was suffocating, and he knew that Nico's patience was running dangerously thin, and he would let out his anger anytime soon. "Because the only one who still does is missing, and I don't know how long she has. For gods' sake just let me go!" Jason inhaled deeply. Will half expected him to let Nico go, let him get himself killed. Whenever Nico acted out, Jason would leave him be to let Nico figure things out, but not this time. This time, Jason's grip seemed to tighten, and he forced Nico to look him in the eye. "Nico, I need you to understand that this isn't a good plan. You can't go alone, and we aren't going to let you go alone. We have to go to Chiron." "I can't wait for him to give me a quest. Please, Jason." Will could hear the begging tone in Nico's voice. It was something he had never heard before. "I have to do this... she's all I have left." Jason sighed, as if deep in thought. " I get it... But we have to let someone know. And you can't go alone." Will couldn't see Nico's face from where he had moved to, but he could tell he had given up. Jason's protectiveness outweighed Nico's stubbornness, and for that, Will was thankful. He didn't know what it was about the son of Hades that made Will care for him so much, but there was something there, and he was glad that Nico wouldn't be going on a potential very dangerous quest alone. Still holding onto Nico, Jason looked over to Will, silently asking him what Will never thought would happen. He half hoped he was reading the question wrong, but he also knew that he couldn't be wrong. "I'll talk to Percy about it, but in the meantime, since you guys can't wait, Will, you go with Nico, and I'll get a group to follow you guys then thereafter. Is that okay with you, Nico?" Nico merely snorted, obviously wanting to get a move on in his quest. Will nodded, and took hold of Nico's arm as Jason released him. "Let's go get some supplies like nectar and ambrosia. Then we can leave right away, okay?" Nico nodded, and followed obediently to the infirmary. "Won't they need you?" Nico asked, Will turning to him. "In the infirmary?" "Eh...? You knew I worked there?" Nico's face reddened. "Yes," he replied. "Everyone knows it; it's common knowledge." "Is it now?" Will asked, entering the infirmary and immediately started going into the spare supplies. Nico didn't respond, but Will didn't particularly mind. They were going to be leaving as soon as