A/N: This one was also kinda rushed, but I'm positive anything is better than Thanksgiving. And I realize that most of these if not all have been centered around Will and Nico, but I feel this one is the worst of them all for that sort of thing. The others aren't even mentioned after one part. :P I hope you enjoy this one, and blessings on the rest of your day. (Or night depending on when you read this.) And HAPPY NEW YEAR! Nico was on his bed, sleep almost upon him when the door to his cabin suddenly burst open, and two demigods came in. Percy Jackson was dressed for the snowy weather, covered in the white powder. Nico groaned, wanting nothing more than to get some sleep. He had just gotten over his cold, and was now trying to catch up on lost sleep from that time. "You slept so much while you were sick, it's time to celebrate for real this time!" "No. I just want to sleep." "Too bad. You're going to join us at the best party ever for the new year," Percy insisted, throwing the covers off the younger teen, and grabbing his ankles to drag him off the bed. At least that was the plan until Nico started fighting back, sitting up quickly and hitting Percy with everything he got. Percy released Nico, turning to the other person who came in with him; Jason Grace. "C'mon, Nico! It's not even going to be as big of a group as Christmas. It's just going to be me, Percy, Annabeth, Piper, Leo, Calypso, Reyna, Frank, Hazel, and Will. That's an odd number, and we really need you." "That's ten people... Last I checked, ten was an even number. Nice try though," Nico responded, laying back down. "All we lost was Grover and Juniper." "That's if everyone shows up. We don't know if Frank and Reyna can make it..." "So? You would still have an even number of people." "But we really need you!" Percy put in, though it didn't seem to help at all. "If Frank doesn't show up, then Hazel will have to pair up with someone else.. Like Will, since he's the only one who doesn't have a girlfriend." Nico opened his mouth to answer, but closed it to think about his response. Jason and Percy smiled to each other knowing that they had the son of Hades in the position they wanted him in... They knew that he would agree because they mentioned that. Nico sighed. "What are we doing?" "Get ready to hit the slopes," Percy informed his little cousin. "Because we're going snowboarding!" "I refuse to snowboard," Nico told Percy. Percy's face fell, knowing that this could all end right then all because he told Nico what they were doing. "But I'll see if I can find my skis..." "Yes!" Jason exclaimed, both him and Percy engulfing Nico in a hug. By the time Nico was walking out of his cabin, skis in one hand, resting on his shoulder, and poles in the other, the others were already gathered by the two vehicles they would be taking. Percy was in the drivers seat of the big Suburban, while Reyna was behind the wheel of the little Escape. Nico handed his skis over to Piper who put them in the rack with the other two pairs, while Nico tossed his poles into the trunk of the Escape. Nico then got into the back seat of the Escape, Piper following close behind, while Jason got into the passengers seat. With everyone in the vehicles, they took off into the night. The thought of what ski resort was open this late never crossed Nico's mind as he closed his eyes in hopes of getting a little bit of sleep before they arrived - he didn't know of any ski places around Camp Half-Blood anyway. In the other vehicle, the conversation was booming with everyone taking part. "Okay, we got him coming, so now everything else is up to you," Percy said, only looking at Will through the mirror, otherwise keeping his eyes on the road. "Can you manage that?" Will nodded. "I think so." " 'I think so' isn't good enough," Frank, who was sitting next to Will said. "If you're going to do it, you have to be confident in yourself." "Because you're the one who's the master with confidence," Leo said with a small laugh. "Frank's lack of confidence aside, this isn't Frank we're talking about," Hazel put in. "Will, I only have two things to say to you." Will turned around and looked at Hazel who was squished between Calypso and Leo in the backseat. Hazel stuck her chin up a little bit to seem more intimidating as she said, "Nico has helped me with a lot of things in life, and if you do anything to break him further, you will be answering to me." Will didn't want to admit it, but Hazel really got to him, scaring the living daylights out of him. "Wh-what's the second thing?" he asked carefully. "Good luck," Hazel replied with a smile. Will nodded, turning back to the front. "Do you know how you're going to do it?" Calypso asked from the backseat. "We got him this far, but do you know where you're going with it?" Will smiled nervously. He hadn't really thought Percy and Jason would get Nico to go, and hadn't really been able to come up with anything. "I have something, but I won't share it... It's pretty stupid, and I'm hoping I can come up with something better before we get there." "Translated," Annabeth told the group with a smirk, "he doesn't have a plan, and is still trying to think one up." Leo and Percy laughed at this being pointed out, but Hazel, Calypso, and Frank all looked at Will sympathetically. "We'll help you out," Calypso told Will. "That's right," Hazel agreed, "Piper might be in the other vehicle, but we can still help you think of something. Besides, who knows Nico better than the people in this car?" "Um... Jason?" Percy suggested. "I would think his sister knows him better," Frank responded to Percy. "But Jason seems to be the one he spends the most time with," Annabeth put out there. "It doesn't matter!" Calypso cut in before an argument could take place. "Let's just help Will out a bit more before we arrive, and we'll let him take it from there." The others nodded, and began collaborating one what Will should do at the ski resort. The two vehicles stuffed with demigods pulled into an empty parking lot, killing the engines. Reyna got out of the vehicle and went over to talk to Annabeth about what they should do about getting in, while Jason and Piper were left to wake Nico. The people from the backseats of the Suburban piled out and began unloading everything and getting their equipment ready. "Nico, we need your help," Reyna said, approaching Jason, Piper, and Nico. Nico was getting his ski boots on, while Jason and Piper were getting the skis down from the rack. The still half asleep demigod looked up at Reyna with half lidded eyes. "Need help with what?" he questioned, his voice sounding alert and suspicious. "The doors to the operating of the lifts are locked, and as much as we trust Leo with getting them unlocked... We're not so sure in his abilities to lock them back up again. Think you can help us out?" Nico nodded. "We'll probably only need to turn on one of them since most of the hills are connected in some way... It won't be hard." "Awesome!" Piper exclaimed, handing Nico his skis. "We owe you one!" Nico rolled his eyes as the group worked their way to the snow. It was a beautiful night, and the lights were on to show the world how beautiful the mountains were. Though he didn't know where exactly they were, only seeing snow and trees with the exception of the lifts, lights, and chalet, Nico didn't think much of it as he shadow traveled himself into the operating room, starting the chair lifts. When Nico returned the others, they were all waiting for him. Leo, Percy, Piper, Jason, and Will had one foot strapped to their snowboards while Reyna, Calypso, Annabeth, Frank, and Hazel all had their skis attached to their boots. They were talking excitedly complaining about how long it had been since they last did this, and how glad they were that they were all able to do this tonight. Nico pulled down his ski goggles, grabbing his poles, then looking to the others, who immediately noticed he was ready to go. The group made their way to the lift, going a bit slower thanks to Frank, Calypso, and Hazel, who were all a little out of practice. Once they got to the chair lift, they decided riding buddies. It was quite obvious for most of them, but then Reyna decided she would be riding with different couples each time. That was fine for everyone else, and so, the group of demigods made their way up, Nico not missing the fact he didn't really get a say in who he rode up with. Will glanced over at Nico who was sitting as far away from him as the lift would allow, his arms crossed in a pout. Will couldn't see Nico's eyes through the goggles, but he was certain they were glaring at Percy who sat two chairs in front of them. Will coughed to gain Nico's attention, and though Nico didn't make any sign that he acknowledged Will, but the blond continued on anyway. "So uh... It's a nice night for this." "Nice?" Nico questioned. Will swallowed. He barely knew what he was doing out here, and didn't know the conditions for skiing and such. He was afraid he said something wrong. "This weather is perfect for skiing. We've got no one else here to bother us, and the snow is still fresh. It's not cold enough for the snow to freeze into ice, so we won't have to worry about that, and on top of all of that, we have the snow that won't be getting in our eyes because we were all smart and brought goggles." Will couldn't help but smile. Nico sounded passionate about this, and was talking a lot more than usual. Will considered this a good thing considering the types of words that usually come out of Nico's mouth. It was a pleasant change. When they reached the top, Will was greeted with the sight of an extra person he found familiar, yet couldn't place a name to her face. "Thalia!" Jason exclaimed happily. "I thought you said you couldn't make it." Thalia merely shrugged. "Artemis doesn't approve of men, but she can't keep me away from my baby brother. Besides, how am I supposed to prevent you from running into a tree if I'm not here?" "Oh, ha ha," Jason said sarcastically. "But he just wanted to speak to your kind!" Leo said with a loud cry. He pretended to wipe a tear from his face. "He wanted to get to know them for your sake." "Valdez, you better muzzle yourself before I decide I've had enough of your voice," Thalia warned, successfully shutting Leo up. Thalia took in a deep breath, taking in the moment. "So, shall we begin?" she asked, clipping her other foot to the snowboard she had, also moving her ski goggles so they were in front of her eyes. She was gone before anyone else was, down the closest hill. Jason and Percy were quickly following her, but the others stood back for a while. It wasn't too long before Piper challenged Leo to a race down the hill, and they were gone. "Hey look," Annabeth pointed to a ski run, a smile on her face. "Anyone wanna