The Tinkerer Chapter 1 Growing up, he had been given the most modest room in a modest house, furnished by only the most modest of things; many of them hand-me-downs from his cousin, many of them broken things, many of them stained, poorly calibrated, or for some other reason unwanted things. When he was five he had come into the possession of one such "simply unwanted thing," a multitool. A rather large thing for his little hands, it had a set of pliers with a wire cutter, it had several screwdrivers and little knives, it had a file and it had a can opener. And the metal had a nice red finish, and it came with a nice red fake-leather pouch in which to store it. A gift by some well-meaning person to his cousin, or perhaps to his uncle - it was hard to know who had been its originally intended owner, but it was known that it had been unwanted, for it was only unwanted things that tended to find their way into his possession. His multitool was his favorite thing he owned, because it allowed him to fix all of the other things he owned. There were very few simple toys or devices that could not be repaired with a multitool and a sound understanding of the device's intended functionality. When Dudley said, "I don't want it," or "It's broken," or "It's dumb," Harry's ears perked up. Those words or some variation were uttered on a near-daily basis by his cousin, and Harry would always say, "Well, I'll take it if you don't want it." Harry knew that if it was broken, he could use his shiny red multitool to fix it, and if it was dumb then he could use his multitool to take it apart and see how it worked. Eventually Dudley just began leaving broken and unwanted things in his room as a matter of course, as though it were the standard way of disposing of junk – and after a while, Dudley stopped saying "I don't want it," or "It's broken," or "It's dumb," and started saying instead, "I gave it to Harry," and that sentence meant the same thing. Dudley always got a new thing, or a better thing, and Harry got the hand-me-down. It worked out very well for both of them, and it worked out well for Harry's aunt and uncle, too, who were glad that they never had to buy Harry anything new. That was just how things went in their house. Harry was an incredibly quiet and well-mannered boy. He rarely spoke unless he was directly addressed, nor did he have any interest in being directly addressed. He spent his days in his room upstairs, tinkering with his broken things, quiet and out of the way, for all intents and purposes pretending not to exist at all, and his relatives were happy to pretend the same. His talents were no small benefit to the Dursleys, though. When they weren't pretending he didn't exist, Harry's uncle, Vernon, would often set him on a project to fix or build something. He was more often than not pleased with the results. And after all, what could look more wholesome to the neighbors than a small kid eagerly helping his uncle build a new fence or some trellises for the vines? The results were good and the labor was completely free. It was true that things were not always pleasant at Number Four, but things could have been much worse, all things considered. The little family, orphan nephew and all, lived quite peacefully. Harry was aware, of course, that things would not be so peaceful if he had not been so useful to his family. But that bothered him not in the least, because he liked doing what he did. His efforts self-rewarding and sometimes his uncle would even thank him for his good work. For Christmas 1997, Dudley received a personal computer, a business-class model built by IBM. Dudley was very excited about his new computer until he actually plugged it in on Boxing Day and he realized that it didn't come with any games. Dudley's friends all had Ataris at least, and some of them even had Nintendos, but all Dudley had, as he pointed out almost every day to his parents, was a dumb, useless, business computer. As the months dragged on, Dudley continued to pester his parents and whine about how all the other boys in the neighborhood had a Nintendo, or at least something that could play decent games. And every time Dudley brought it up, Harry would silently cheer for his cousin, thinking convince them, convince them, convince them ! Although Harry couldn't care less if Dudley was happy with his toys, he was rooting for his cousin every step of the way – because he knew that that computer would eventually be his. Harry would often remind his cousin about the computer, in case he should forget to whine one day, and he even helped Dudley come up with better arguments to use against his parents to get his way. "It's educational," Vernon said gruffly one April evening over dinner when the conversation turned yet again towards Dudley's dissatisfaction. "Pretty soon the whole world will be running on those machines. We just had several dozen installed at Grunnings." "I don't want something educational," Dudley pouted. "I want to play computer games." "Well, Dudley, if you learn how to use that machine, it'll give you a serious advantage later on, you know," Vernon said. Harry had rarely seen his aunt or uncle try so hard to convince Dudley of anything at all. But then, that computer, even though it had been discounted thanks to Vernon's office purchasing them in bulk, was still tremendously expensive, so it made sense that they would want him to at least give it a fair try. Although it was meaningless to the others present at the dinner table, Harry knew the specs for the machine. It really was quite the little work horse and he imagined that the personal computer would be an endless source of entertainment for him, once it was inevitably his, because unlike Dudley, Harry had no interest in Nintendo games. Harry gave Dudley a bit of a kick under the table and caught his eye. Dudley was about to yell at Harry when he realized that Harry was trying to help him, and remembered his coaching. Dudley was just dim enough that while he could remember a plan of action, he might need to be reminded to actually do it – he also happened to be just at that precipice of dimness where he would appreciate Harry's help without analyzing Harry's private motivations for helping him. Harry rationalized that it was an arrangement that helped the both of them, and so Harry felt not the least pang of guilt for making good use of his cousin's dimwittedness. "But mum," Dudley said, ignoring his father's argument. "Won't it look weird if I'm the only kid with this weird office appliance, instead of a Nintendo?" Harry's Aunt Petunia was in some ways not a particularly bright woman. She had never worked, had no useful skills, almost never read books, and almost never had anything even a little bit insightful to say. When it came to social matters, however, Harry's aunt was a savant: Petunia analyzed all the possibilities more quickly than even the most state-of-the-art computer possibly could, considering all the variables of the neighborhood and the social situations at play, then she clicked her tongue and said, "I should think Mrs. Paddentry should take a lesson from us." Neither of the boys had the faintest idea who that was, but they saw that the argument was a non-starter. Harry might have been able to interject with a clever point here, but it would work against his interests to show that he had a horse in this race, so he remained mute, only giving Dudley another little kick to urge him to persist. They had, after all, prepared several different arguments. "None of my friends will want to come around when I'm the only kid who hasn't got a Nintendo," Dudley said, inflecting sadness and social insecurity. "Oh Diddy-dums!" Petunia exclaimed. "Oh, you couldn't possibly think that. Your friends will still come around, of course." "I suppose I'll just have to go to Piers' house every day," Dudley said, seemingly consoling himself. Harry saw the change in his aunt's eyes. That argument, it seemed, had worked. She would not want her darling son to want to spend all of his free time away at his friends houses, instead of here where she could dote on him – and perhaps even more importantly, she would not want Mrs. Polkiss to think that Dudley didn't like spending time at home. "Dear," Petunia said, turning to her husband. "Maybe we should get Dudley one of these Nintenders." "Nintendos," the boys chorused. "Nintendos, then," she agreed. Vernon sighed gruffly, an admission of defeat. He had enough faith in his wife's social strategizing to know that she probably had a very good reason for changing her mind, and he wouldn't fight against it. Certainly not in front of the kids. "We'll see on your birthday, Dudley." Two months later, it was Dudley's birthday. Dudley had some unique mental gifts of his own: somehow he was able to root through all thirty-odd packages to find the wrapped box that contained his prize, and opened it first. Harry grinned as Dudley gushed over the brand new Nintendo, which came complete with two controllers and several game cartridges. It might even be fun, Harry thought – but more importantly, in order to make room for the new device, there had been no choice but to move Dudley's 'old computer,' although it was still pristine other than a bit of dust and far from obsolete, into Harry's room. And that evening, after Dudley's birthday festivities had drawn to a close, Harry connected the computer up, setting it up on the floor because he had no desk, and turned it on. The machine was confusing, and it was frustrating. It came with an owner's manual, and Harry needed to consult it constantly at first, just to do simple things. But after a few days, he had figured out DOS, and he knew what he wanted to use the computer for. So he took the bus to the electronics store in Woking and purchased a C compiler made by Borland, called Turbo C 1.0, as well as a reference book. It was the most money he had ever spent in his life, and he was glad that he'd been saving the money people in the neighborhood gave him for fixing their lawnmowers and radios for years, because otherwise he wouldn't have been able to afford it. To think, he'd almost spent the money on new clothes ! Within a few weeks he had already begun to make a computer game of his own. Line by tedious line of code, he sketched out a text-based adventure game. Oh, it was poorly designed, being designed by an eight year old, but it worked, and it brought him endless satisfaction to tinker and toil all through the summer, fleshing out his little world, finding and squashing bugs. It was a simple game: you could type "east" to move east, and "west" to move west, and so on, and then a description of where you were would appear on the screen. And you could type in things like "attack deer" to do what you would expect that to do. And you would collect coins and trinkets and sell them back in town, and buy new equipment, and gain levels. And that was really about it – it was not complicated. Somehow he found it endlessly amusing anyway. It became considerably more amusing when he went back to the start, and created a "Version 2",