Chapter One: Run little Swan The evening was silent inside of the home were a young woman stood in a stunning wedding gown, the dress longer than the floor having to trail behind her while she paced back and forth in front of the large vanity mirror that hung against the bathroom wall The pearl colored tile chilled her bare feet but it was nothing compared to the chill of dread that coursed through her at the thought of what tomorrow would bring to her barely started mortal life, tomorrow was the day she was to wed a vampire. Certainly, you would think a woman would adore the idea of marrying and becoming a vampire, hardly! Fear swelled within her very soul at the thought of it when she was ever away from Edward, the fog that he casted through her mind would clear causing her true feelings to struggle forward causing Bella to do more research on vampires and folklore, finding all their dirty trickster powers of manipulation that they use on humans. Isabella Swan shuddered to a stop from her pacing while her large chocolate eyes looked up at her reflection in the silvery depths of the mirror, she eyed her dress taking in the beauty of the tight material of silken fabric that showed that she was in fact growing into a lovely adult woman but as her eyes roamed upwards she noted that her body was trembling but what confirmed her suspicions were her doe like eyes that were full of an animalistic fear that made her know her instincts had been shouting at her to run from the predicator that had manipulated her mind with his intoxicating eyes and scent making her become someone she wasn't. Reaching up a hand to her braided hair, she touched the chestnut colored hair trying to ease the ache from her roots being tugged so tightly into the braid that was then wrapped around the base of her neck to form a bun with some loose strands falling against the back of her neck. What was she doing? Did she truly wish to marry a vampire a vampire, to also become one, having to watch her loved ones die? She had never wanted to get married before. She shook her head the clearing fog scattered a bit more from her mind, causing her to think more like her actual self, she barely even remembered saying yes to him! Had she even clearly said yes? When he was around, her thoughts would become clouded but at the same time she was conscious on what was going on around her, it was almost like she was high from his intoxicating presence. The deadly pheromones of a Venus flytrap allures flies to its sweet nectar within its jaw like leaves to devour them whole, could it be that vampires released the same alluring scent to drawing humans to a deadly trap? It could be considered like being put under a spell, you wouldn't notice. A cold chill ran down her spine, just the very thought of such a sickening twisted power such as that being real, made her wonder if Edward had such a power, what if what she thought was her true self was actually his power making her into a his puppet. Bella took in a slow breath as she placed her hands onto the sink allowing her head to bow with eyes closed, "This is silly, I love him. I am simply nervous about the wedding…. That is all," she thought but when she looked up into the mirror she saw chocolate colored eyes wild with fear, a fear that you would see in a deer's eyes when a lion charging at it. Run, her instincts screamed at her. Letting out a frustrated sigh she shoved her self away from the sink walking into the room, a guest bedroom that was now considered hers in the Cullen household, her thoughts were racing with uncertainty. Thinking of how he'd left her in the forest alone when he broke up with her, then about the four months that followed filled with a drowning depression which had ended up with her hallucinating about him when she did something dangerous. Bella felt her heart break when the image of her father's pleading eyes when he would try to get her to go out or at least eat, the pain she'd caused him was brutal but it wasn't just those few months. No, she'd been cruel to him since she got to Forks. Slowly she walked over to the large window staring out into the forest, the full moon peeking through the dark rain clouds that were clearing causing the raindrops still on the window to glimmer slightly. Staring up at the moon, her thoughts shifted from the darkness to the times she spent away from Edward. She remembered how the sun had felt when she'd walked down the beach with her friends from school, how hard she laughed when they had a monstrous food fight at the school which she of course joined in, much to Edwards distaste. A smile started to form on her face, her heart fluttering with joy from the memories but as other memories came to mind she felt her heart skip a beat. Memories of Jacob. Bella placed her hand over her heart, staring at the moon longingly as howls in the distant causing her to wonder if one of those howls was Jake trying to call her back from the clouded darkness that had tricked her into thinking she loved a vampire. Gently the young woman opened the window, allowing the breeze to carry the earthy scent of the forest into the room. Taking in a breath of the comforting scent she leaned forward allowing the breeze to make the loose strands of hair to sway. With hurried hands, she pulled the bobby pins from her hair letting the infuriating things drop to the wood floor with no intention of picking them up, once her braided hair was free she undid the painfully tight braids allowing her chestnut hair to spiral down her back in colorful waves. She let out a pleased sigh as the wind blew her hair slowly, causing the ache from her scalp to ease even more. Her eyes closed slowly as she enjoyed the feeling while listening to the sounds of nature around her, allowing her mind to think of when she was little. She remembered when her a Jake use to run through the forest together with their arms spread wide, he used to call her "baby swan" and would tease her saying she was trying to fly away. Now look at her, a swan caged up for the pleasure of the hunter who wanted her as a living prize to show off. Feeling the weight of reality settle down on her, she sat on the window ledge while looking up at the moon. What had she let herself get caught up in, she allowed a diamond covered devil seduce her allowing him to place a pearl necklace around her throat but once the blindfold was removed she realized the pearls were metal cuff connected to the wall by a thick chain like the swan she was. What a fool she had been, thinking a being whom lived on blood could truly love the source of his food. Edward himself had told her that her blood called to him like cocaine does to a drug addict, what was romantic about that? What she wouldn't give to turn back time to go back to when she first met Edward so instead of letting him close, she would turn around and run away as fast as she could. She breathed in deeply, even though the window was open she could catch the very faint scent of blood that lingered in the Cullen's house. Even in school during the time the teacher had the class prick their fingers, she could smell it and she remembered how she had fainted from the sight of the tiny drop of crimson that formed on Mike's finger. She did not like blood, so why in the world would she date the very creature that had to live on it by consuming it. She truly did not hold it against the Cullen's, they couldn't help it and she knew if they could most of them would probably choose to be human again. But the sight and even the scent of blood makes her sick. Her stomach clenched at the thought of her lips being against a mouth that had just been covered in blood, the feeling of nausea started to become too much, she swallowed trying to not release whatever food she had left in her stomach onto the floor. Leaning slightly out the window she tried to focus on the fresh breeze to help ease the feeling more as she glanced over at the glowing alarm clock that was on the small table at her bedside. The Cullen's had left to go hunting around fifteen minutes ago, she knew that they usually took about an hour or two to hunt from how long Edward would be when he would go hunting. Feeling every cell in her body kick into survival mode, much like it did when Victoria had shown up again, she looked at the moon a newfound gleam in her chocolate eyes as she hurried over to the desk. With a new-found emotion driving her, she yanked out a piece of paper along with a pen and the moment the tip of the pen touched the paper, she was writing frantically. She did not even care that her handwriting was sloppy, she just kept writing. Her hand seeming to move of its own accord writing down the words that she could not seem to speak aloud around the Cullen's, her mind was usually in a haze around any of them. The words being wrote on the paper were her clear thoughts and emotions that were truly her own and not the delusion of a mythical monster's trickery. Before she knew it, she had written a whole two pages to Edward, she read what she had written and a sad smile slowly formed on her lips. She knew that his rage would be a terrifying sight once he read the letter…. once he realized that his spell on her had been broken. She stood from her slouched poison over the desk letting the pen drop from her hand. A feeling, a light tuck on her mind felt as if this decision could go one of two ways. She could stay and let his control back onto her or she could flee back to her life, apologize to her dad and hug him like she did when she was little having to go back to her mom when she truly wanted to stay with her dad so she clung to him hope he'd keep her. For a moment, she just stared at the pieces of paper then she was running, feeling the last of his control snap from her mind and something else even deeper within her burst sending fire through her blood. This feeling felt almost overwhelming but it also was welcoming, something in her mind whispered that Edward did more to her body than control her mind but what she couldn't think of at the moment, right now she had to run. Running from the lie that he had constructed to trick her using his powers, before she knew it she was running on damp earth as she fled into the woods not thinking about what hid in the shadows. She ran as if the devil himself was on her heel and she knew that he certainly would be once his lying bright yellow eyes read the letter she had left him. The letter that told him that she did not want to marry him, that whatever vampire