The Perfect Storm by Brad Paisley She's the thrill of a lifetime a guy like me spends his whole life looking for That girl right there's the perfect storm Prologue Lightning streaked across the sky, the clouds looking more threatening with each minute. She leaned against the floor to ceiling window and traced a heart on the glass as she watched him stride across the courtyard with purposeful steps. She smiled and dimmed the lights; loosening the belt to her robe and exposing her cleavage, hoping he would like the surprise. With her right foot propped against the window, revealing her freshly waxed leg, she watched the door, her heartbeat increasing in tempo. Rain began to pelt against the window. The lock clicked, the door opened without a creak and a silent sigh escaped her lips. He was so beautiful and he was hers. Home. He put his briefcase by the door and placed his mail on the counter. God, he missed her. One more day and she'd be back in his arms. Where she belonged. He loosened his tie and turned to look out the window at the approaching thunderstorm. It matched his mood perfectly. Dark, angry and destructive. His fingers paused on the top button of his shirt, frozen at the beautiful sight in front of him. "Hi," she whispered quietly. The weight on his shoulders dropped at the sound of her voice and he strode across the room to his beautiful angel dressed in white. Her back straightened against the window, her heart hammering in her chest. She knew that look on her lover's face. Possessive. His lips caught her gasp and he lifted her hips, securing her legs around his waist and pushing her back against the window with a thud. The cold glass pressed against her back, but she barely felt it, concentrating as his lips erased the past few days from her mind. Normally, he would be worried about hurting her, but he was lost in her taste, her smell, and softness. His tongue stroked hers and dominated her mouth, licking and sucking on her soft lips. His large fingers squeezed her rounded curves and she bucked her hips against his hardening cock. With a moan, he flexed his body into hers, which sent a jolt of pleasure down her spine, he drew back, dropping a soft kiss to her wet, swollen lips. "You're here." She smiled and caressed his stubble-covered cheek. "I am." His smoldering green eyes traveled down her face to her cleavage and to her legs wrapped around his hips. Fuck, he loved the view. "I couldn't wait," she whispered and kissed his cheek. Her fingers began to open his shirt, exposing his chiseled chest to her hungry eyes. She moaned and his eyes snapped back to hers. "I'm glad, because neither could I. Fuck, I love you." Isabella pushed his shirt off his shoulders and lightly ran her fingernails across his torso, sending a shiver through his body. He needed her. He needed her like the air he breathed. She moaned his name as she undid his belt. "I love you, too. Now, please..." She didn't need to finish, his need for her pushing against the zipper of his pants. He yanked her robe open, thanking every god in the universe that she was naked underneath. "Beautiful," he whispered softly. She always would be. Reaching into his opened trousers, he grabbed his cock and gave it a squeeze in reassurance before running it across her wet folds. Kissing her lips once more, his green eyes met her brown ones. "Baby, I promise to love you properly later, but now I need to fuck you. I've missed you too damn much." She pushed her hips towards him, and the tip of his cock slid into her entrance. His neck strained and he fought against the urge to press forward. But he needed her consent. Her fingers yanked on his hair and she bit his lower lip. "Fuck me. Fuck me hard. I need you." His hips thrust forward, burying himself in her wet heat with a loud groan. Isabella's legs tightened around his waist and her teeth sunk into his shoulder, masking her scream of pleasure. She was so full. Sex with this beautiful man felt as if it was the first time, every time. He stretched her and filled her like no one ever had. She loved it. His tongue fucked her mouth like his cock was fucking her pussy. Dominant and powerful. "So tight. So fucking good," He groaned and leaned his forehead against hers, his eyes watching his cock slide into her heat. Her pert breasts jostled with their movement and he latched on to her tightened bud, licking and sucking as if he was dying of thirst. "I'm so close," she moaned, watching him disappear inside her. His movements began to quicken and his fingers circled her clit. Isabella shook in his arms, her mouth open and her wide eyes on his. "I've got you," he moaned, his orgasm reaching its peak. "Always." With their lips joined, they fell over the edge together, holding on to one another like their life depended on it. They clung to each other, sighing in contentment as their breathing relaxed from their intense orgasms. Sliding to the carpeted floor, he buried his nose in her soft hair and wrapped his arms tightly around her. "God, I missed you." Her lips touched the pulse point on his neck. "I missed you, too. But it's over now. No more trips without you. Agreed?" He chuckled and ran his fingertips over her temple and down her cheek, cupping her neck. "Agreed," he whispered against her lips. He'd agree to anything when it came to her. He carried her through his apartment and into his bathroom, setting her on the counter as he ran the water. He could feel her eyes on him as he moved about the room and he smiled, loving her attention. With her back to his, they settled into the warm water. Edward held her close, stroking her arms and kissing her exposed neck. She sighed and sank further into his arms. "It was eight months ago that we met, so today is some sort of anniversary for us. And remember it was thundering that night, too. And when you touched my hand, I felt a shock. I blamed it on the weather." He tensed, the previous months not forgotten. "I ..." She turned to face him. "We're past all that. Please forgive yourself." His eyes squeezed shut. "I'm trying, but you have to know how much I wish I could go back; back to when I first met you and make it right." Her soft hand stroked his cheek. "But, then we wouldn't have met. And you do make it righg. Your love is enough." "You were so beautiful, yet so broken, so vulnerable, so lost, and I took advantage. God, I can't believe I fell for those lies. I thought you were going to be so easy to crush. But …" "You had no way of knowing." She shuddered at the thought and he held her tighter. "And don't forget you literally saved me from that oncoming car. That proved to me you were a good man. Maybe a good man with a horrible job, but again, you were doing what you were paid to do." He let out the breath he was holding and thought back to that fateful day, six months ago. He remembered the rain, the thunder, the way the light fell on her hair making the color seem so perfect. He remembered her eyes; scared; like a deer in the headlights. And he remembered the shock he felt when he grabbed her arm. He broke out of his musing, nodded and kissed her lips. "Thank you, for your love and forgiveness. I will spend the rest of my life making you happy." Relaxing again, she thought back to when she met her match. The man that she loved. The man who possessed her mind, body and most importantly, her heart. -T-T-T- -many months ago- "Please come, Bella. It would be so good to see you again. I miss you. The kids miss you. fuck, even the island misses you." Isabella rubbed her forehead and giggled, placing her glasses on her desk. "Lauren, did you just cuss?" Hopefully, that would distract her best friend of fifteen years. Isabella remembered those days well when her mother wasn't sure of herself. Renee had dragged Isabella all around the states, saying that the next place would be the ' one '. The place they could call home. Luckily for Isabella, after the seventh time moving, her mother had found the 'right one.' Hawaii, of all places. It wasn't that Bella didn't like the islands. Sunshine every day. Beautiful beaches and breathtaking lush green sceneries. It was paradise. There was one thing missing though… Her father. Whereas her mother flitted from one place to another, looking for ... something, her father was grounded. Down to earth. Even though the thought of fish disgusted her, Isabella's fondest memories were of the days her dad would sit in the boat with her all day with only the quiet and the fish surrounding them. She missed her father. He had passed not too long ago, leaving a big gaping hole in her heart. Isabella rubbed her chest, the ache still strong after three years. She looked at his smiling picture on her desk when Lauren's voice broke through her memories. "Honey, this is the only time I can cuss. The kids are in school and Tyler is at work," she laughed. Isabella smiled. "How is Tyler?" Her friend on the other end of the line tsked. She knew that Lauren was probably sporting a bitch brow and wagging her finger. "Isabella Marie. Don't change the subject." Isabella squeezed her eyes shut, a smile on her lips. "Damn." "Uh, huh, I know you too well. Now, I'm gonna RSVP us both to the reunion and that way you will have to come." "You know why I can't. And even if I would come, don't you remember what happened senior year? Prom? Does Smelly Belly ring a bell?" Isabella twisted the fabric of the dress she was currently working on, hating how she felt when she thought about it. Lauren sighed. "I remember, but it's been ten years. You look amazing and you know as well as I do that you need this. You need the sun. You need a breather. You need to relax." Isabella decided that it didn't matter what everyone else thought. She missed her friend and the island. Besides, it would give her an opportunity to think about and plan her future. "All right, fine. I miss you too damn much to say no to you." Lauren squealed the way only she could, and for the next hour they discussed dresses, their classmates and what they would do during their time together. By the time Isabella got off the phone, she had a flight booked to Honolulu and hope in her heart. Three days later, she landed in Honolulu, embracing her friend with tears in her eyes. -T-T-T- Arm in arm, Lauren and Isabella walked into the decorated gym. Isabella's stomach twisted, the memories of senior prom hitting her with full force. She took a deep breath, grasped Lauren's arm a little tighter and squared her shoulders. She could do this. The past was the past. Lauren felt her unease and patted her hand. "It'll be fine. I'm right here." She leaned in close to Isabella, "And maybe if things go right, you might get some loving in while you're here." Isabella gasped. "Lauren!" Her friend looked her in the eye. "Well, why not? When was the last time you got some good, curl your toes, make you scream, loving?" Isabella cleared her throat and looked over at the group, ashamed