A/N: SM owns all things Twilight. I'm just playing with her characters. This was my entry to the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest. and guess what my lovely readers?! It won 2 awards! One of the validators, evilnat, chose this as her favorite. And it won " Most Seductive Edward " award. I'm so blown away. Thank you to everyone who made that hot as fuck contest possible, especially Nicficwhisperer and CarrieZM. Each contest you guys host gets better and better. A massive thanks goes to NewTwilightFan aka Maggie for spending hours upon hours making sure these words were readable. It's such a joy to work with you on this and you've become an amazing friend. Ipsita, my pryio bondhu. You are my girl! You made me one kick-ass banner and held my hand when I felt like giving up. You even pushed me forward. Couldn't ask for a better friend than you. Lastly, Twimom1960, you have been my rock since the beginning. I can always count on you, mama bear. I love you. Edward Cullen wanted to kick the backstabbing bitch's perfect ass. He really, really did. With his phone pressed tightly to his ear, he gritted his teeth and squeezed his eyes shut. Even though his patience was spread thin as ice, he still listened to her ramblings. Why are you doing this to us? Can't you just quit? Don't you know it's dangerous? His tired, bloodshot eyes opened to the pristine cleanliness of his hotel room. He didn't belong. His wild hair and torn jeans didn't compare to the clean cut suits and shaven faces of the business men he had seen downstairs while checking in. Edward preferred dirt. He lived it, breathed it. There was nothing more satisfying and thrilling than getting on his bike and testing out those dirt tracks. Well, maybe sex. Sex was thrilling, and with the right woman it was fan-fucking-tastic. "Edward? Edward, are you even listening to me?" Tanya's shrill voice penetrated his eardrum. Tanya was gorgeous. The operative word being was . That was until she had fucked her way into the leading role of the next Mission Impossible movie. She was all teeth, tits and Botox. With killer legs that Edward had once drooled over. Now, his balls didn't even heat at the thought of her shapely legs. "T, we don't have anything to talk about." Edward kept his voice even, running his fingers through his tousled hair. "But we are so good together," she whined, using her breathy sex voice. Edward imagined her lips in a pout. If it had been a few weeks prior, he would have taken the opportunity and shoved his cock deep down her throat. Now, he didn't want to know how she had been since they'd stopped seeing each other—or, more accurately, fucking each other. He didn't want to have anything to do with this woman. "Are you seeing someone else? Do I know her?" He wasn't seeing anyone – for the first time in about a decade. Since she'd betrayed his confidence by fucking that sleazy producer for a part, Edward couldn't drum up any interest to look for a new fuck buddy. He massaged the knot in his neck, grinding his teeth. His body was still sore from the test runs he'd completed during the day. He had stood under the hot shower for a full twenty minutes, stretching, but his muscles and head still ached. He'd like nothing more than a beautiful woman with a gorgeous body to distract him from his discomfort. Nothing. "Not that it's any of your business, but no," he stated, his patience thinning further, his teeth gritting. "That's good…" Hope sounded in her voice. "T, I gotta go. Don't call. Don't text. Just leave me the fuck alone. Got it?" With anger surging through his veins, he disconnected the call and threw his phone on the bed. He leaned his elbows on his knees and sank his fingers in his hair again, tugging until it hurt. Women like Tanya had everything handed to them. All she had to do was flash her tits or fuck some loser and the world was hers. Edward worked to make his living. Yeah, he had good looks, but his sponsors didn't care about his looks, only his skill. In truth, what he did to earn his cash was more fun than work, for all the danger involved. Riding was his life. He'd ridden since he was three years old and his father had bought him that toy motorbike. Edward grinned. His father sure was regretting that purchase now. Neither of his parents approved of his profession, but that didn't matter to him. He loved what he did and did what he loved. Adrenaline was his middle name. The thoughts of his childhood and Tanya made him growl. He needed to relax, focus on the race. He needed a drink, and he knew just who to call. Dialing the familiar number, he made his way out of his hotel suite. -MTSD- Sitting in the passenger seat of Rose's Scion, Bella twirled her phone between her fingers, anxiety creeping up her spine as she watched the dark wooden door of the bar. This was way out of her comfort zone. If it weren't for the deadline or her best friend Rose, she'd be in her bedroom writing code on her computer, perfecting the app. She didn't have to try to keep a conversation alive with her computer. Her fingers did the talking. With her lower lip wedged between her teeth, she watched people entering the bar. Sensing her discomfort, Rose lay a gentle hand on Bella's arm. "You can do this." Bella started to shake her head no, but Rose continued. "Look at it this way. You can use that app to hook up tonight. Let some handsome stranger fuck the tension out of you." She sighed, gripping Bella's arm a little tighter in assurance. "I know it's tough, but it's been so many years and you've come so far." Sensing Bella's tension, she pointed to Bella's phone, needing to get her friend back on track. "You built that sucker and if the government is interested, that's a big fucking deal." Yes, Bella and three of her colleagues had built the app, and it was their responsibility to test it. When it came to the government, no shortcuts were allowed. It was a big deal to be recognized in this manner, and Bella was truly proud of what they had accomplished. Rose leaned against the headrest of the driver seat, the dim light of the street illuminating her stunning features, and asked the same question Bella had already answered twice before leaving their apartment. "How does this app work again?" Bella rolled her eyes and smiled, enjoying the distraction. Why was it so difficult to perform a simple task, collect the data and analyze it? This was the highlight of her career. "Ok, Rose. For the third time tonight, this app collects phone numbers." Rose rolled her blue eyes and motioned with her hand for Bella to continue. "Cell-phone numbers to be exact. I point the camera of my phone at someone…" Bella opened the app and clicked on the camera, watching Rose's beautiful face come into view. "Like so and your phone number appears on my screen." She showed Rose her phone, the display showing Rose's cellphone number. "That is so weird and totally invading my privacy." Bella sighed. "I know." She had tried to wiggle her way out of testing the app, but her boss was relentless, insisting that she was the brains behind it and he needed the results directly from her. "I have to call or text the number to make sure it's the phone belonging to the person it indicates." Rose nodded, scrunching her nose as if she knew exactly what Bella was talking about. "And what does the government want with this app?" "That I can't tell you," Bella grinned, her eyes straying to the door of the bar, the neon light blinking in the dark night. "Because you don't know, right?" Rose teased, but Bella didn't hear any of it. Her gaze traveled over the two fine male specimens that had just exited a taxi cab, both built rugged and sexy. The one on the left smiled, dimples appearing on his cheeks. He had dark brown hair, a grey t-shirt stretching over his toned muscles and black jeans. As handsome as he was, it was the other man who threw Bella's body all out of balance. He looked about Bella's age, his auburn hair sticking out from under a baseball cap, his full, kissable lips stretched into a grin as he slammed the cab's door shut. His face was dirtied with a couple of days' worth of scruff, and his long legs filled out torn, faded blue jeans, which ended in scuffed black boots. The finishing touch, his muscled torso, was covered in the sexiest black leather jacket. Rose bumped Bella's shoulder. "Wowza. Those two men are a testament that there is a God somewhere. If only to torture women like us." Bella lifted her brows and released a long, slow sigh without taking her eyes off Biker Boy. "He's just…" She couldn't find words for the lust heating her blood, the desire zapping new connections between cells all over her body. " Wow. " The men's heads turned lazily, mirroring each other's movements. But they were complete opposites, like Bella and Rose. Dimples was all light and smiles. Biker Boy all shadows and intensity. "I agree with you." Rose said. Bella heard Rose, but her other senses were arrested. Biker Boy's gaze had locked on to her with an awareness that made all other noise fade. He didn't smile. Didn't blink. Nothing. He just stared at her with the kind of stare that heated her insides until she wanted to start shedding clothes and made her envision the crazy, sexual things she only read about in books. She couldn't see the color of his eyes, only that they were lined with long dark lashes. His face was just… gorgeous, with hard lines and perfect angles. But he wasn't pretty. No, but definitely rugged. "Looks like you got someone's attention." Rose whispered in her ear. "Go get him, girl. He's smokin' hot." "I…" She started, the words dying on her tongue. She was trapped in his gaze, not able to breathe. Rose laughed again, making Bella smile. Biker Boy's tongue slid over his bottom lip, and his fingers twitched at his side. The hair sticking out from beneath his cap ruffled slightly with the night breeze. Bella's lungs seized to hold back a moan. Oh, it definitely had been too long since she'd experienced mind-blowing, toe-curling, back-arching sex, and never with someone as deliciously handsome as him. Biker Boy's lashes fluttered like he'd come out of a trance. He turned away from Bella, popping the collar of his jacket, and entered the bar without a backwards glance. His jacket had a green strip of leather high across the back and the letters of the motorcycle company, Kawasaki , in white block letters from shoulder to shoulder. That was the most gorgeous man… and he was walking away. Disappointment pinched in Bella's chest, but oh, the way he moved… fluid, smooth, confident. Then he was gone, the door closing with a dull thud, disappearing from Bella's view. It left an unfamiliar feeling in her gut. "Now, you have a reason to test the app." Bella's head swiveled around to face Rose. Her friend grinned at her. "I saw the way he looked at you." She patted Bella's shoulder encouragingly, pointing at the bar's entrance. "Go get him." It would be so simple. Bella could walk into that bar, take a seat and point her camera at Biker Boy. She'd have his number within seconds. But what she wanted to do with that number made her question