HI GUYS! SO THIS IS MY FIRST EVER FANFIC AND I HOPE YOU LIKE IT! SO YEA JUST SAYING IM NOT A JASON HATER OR ANYTHING I JUST PREFER PERCY :D SO YEA DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THE CHARACTERS IF I DID I WOULD ACTUALLY BE A MAN AND YEA IM ONLY 12 AND I KINDA GOT THE IDEA OF JASON BEING JEALOUS OF PERCY FROM SOME OTHER FANFICS SO YES I GUESS I DONT OWN THIS EITHER :P YOURS IN DEMIGODISHNESS, AND ALL THAT PEACE OUT :D :P :D All I hear in this camp is Percy was amazing when he did this, You should've seen him when he did that, Oh my Gods did you see him to that. I was beginning to loose it, every one was comparing me with him and about all the quests he did. I mean I'm the praetor of the First Legion, I slew the Trojan sea monster, I toppled the black throne of Kronos and and destroyed the Titan Krios with my own hands. (A/N quoted from TLH) What has he done compared to me?. What can a good for nothing son of Neptune (or Poseidon who really cares) do compared to me the son of the King of Gods, Zeus. I just recently defeated Porphyrion, what can he do compered to me? And that was all answered the day I met him, the day I get to meet the famous Percy Jackson. The day started pretty good, I had breakfast with my sister Thalia since Lady Artemis gave her the day off. I went to archery and had sword fighting with the Hermes cabin. I just finished climbing the lava rock-climbing wall successfully when the conch horn sounded throughout the whole of camp half-blood signalling lunch. I was walking to my table when I saw the one and only Percy Jackson. He was talking to Thalia while going to the fire to offer the Gods their burnt food. They were laughing hysterically at a joke Percy was saying. "Hey Thals, remember the time when Grover needed to use the 'dam' bathroom?" Percy said while walking back with Thalia to their designated tables "Yeah, and when we went to the 'dam' shop?" Thalia replied back and by then they were already at their tables when they looked at each other across the mess hall and laughed. I have no idea what was so funny about that but by the way they were talking and laughing together I couldn't but help feel jealous that they interacted like that when my own sister doesn't even talk to me half the time since she's busy with the hunt. She chooses to talk to Percy over me? Now that hurt me because it looked like that she liked Percy than her own little brother. Heck she even treated him like her own little brother. I was distracted by my thoughts when Piper came by and pecked me on the cheek before going over to the Aphrodite table with her siblings. Percy and Thalia were still laughing when I walked to the fire to offer my burnt food to Zeus. I saw Annabeth shake her head playfully with a small smile on her face but even she looked confused as to why they were laughing. By the time I reached my table Thalia just finished laughing with Percy and had already finished half her food, with a quick glance at Percy I saw that he too was half finished. I sat down next to her and started eating when I asked the question. "Hey Thalia" I started "Hmm?" She replied with her mouth full of food so I took that as a sign to keep talking. "Umm what were you guys laughing about before?" I asked her. One second Two seconds Three se- She burst out laughing again and once she composed herself long enough she replied back, "Don't worry lil' bro its just an inside joke from one of my quests with Percy" and with that she finished the rest of here food and started walking over to the Poseidon table, whispering something in Percy's ear. His face was then plastered with a huge grin and he nodded. Thalia laughed at his reaction and together they walked over to Annabeth at the Athena table after Percy stuffed his mouth with the rest of his food. Thalia whispered in Annabeth's ear and all three of them walked over to the Arena where they started sparring against each other, the girls against Percy and Riptide. I gotta admit though Percy was good, he was slashing and blocking both of the girls's weapons. Slash, Duck, Jab, Duck, Slash again and again until Percy got hold onto one of Thalia's knives. Riptide's sword tip at Annabeth's neck and Thalia's own Knife tip across her neck as her other knife clattered on the floor. The Arena had a huge crowd watching the three spar, Piper and Leo were there too. They all started clapping and that's when I lost it. "I, Jason Grace son of Jupiter, praetor of the First Legion. Slewed the Trojan sea monster, toppled the black throne of Kronos and and destroyed the Titan Krios. I challenge you to a duel." I said putting my other titles in, in an attempt to make the son of neptune cower but all it did was make him grin. "Then I, Percy Jackson son of Poseidon or in your case Neptune accept your challenge" Percy said. I noticed that he didn't say any other Titles. Pfft he's not as great as everyone thinks he doesn't even have any other titles I thought. "Hey! you didn't say any of your other titles" Annabeth said "Yeah, well I don't want Jason here to chicken out before I even say all of my titles and its pretty long I don't want to say all of them anyway" Percy replied back with a smirk on his face. "Jason Grace son of Jupiter vs Percy Jackson son of Poseidon" Thalia announced and with that the rest of the people who were still eating at the mess hall quickly stuffed the rest of their food and ran over to the arena. Good, now I can show all of them who's bette r I thought with a smug smirk on my face. I pushed through the crowd and stood in the centre of the Arena. Percy moved forward to stand across from me. I heard whispers about the duel, I bet Jason regrets it now, This is gonna be a good fight, Oooh Jackson's fighting blondie eh this is gonna be good I think that was Clarisse. But what really caught my attention was this comment, I wonder if Percy's gonna go easy on him, I glared in the direction of the camper who said that. "You scared Jackson?" I taunted him while we were standing across each other, his hand in his pocket and mine holding a spear. "You wish" He replied with his hand still in his pocket. (A/N Guess where I quoted that from :P) 'Oooh's could be heard all through out the arena after his reply. "Three…" Thalia started the countdown "Two….." everyone chanted together I started bringing my spear up higher while Percy's hand was still in his pocket "ONE!" the whole arena screamed and from the corner of my eye I saw Chiron, Dionysus/ Bacchus and a redhead coming towards the arena. To probably watch me win and with that thought in mind a jabbed my spear towards Percy's chest but out of nowhere a celestial bronze sword appeared to block my spear. He was really easy to beat, after a few jabs and kicks he was down on the floor with my knee on his back and my spear at the back of his neck. Everyone started whispering and I saw Chiron and Bacchus or Dionysus or whatever with a small smile on their face. I was about to say something when I noticed there was still no applause and thats when I also heard Clarisse whisper something to one of the Stoll brothers. "He sooooo went easy on him, look at his face he hasn't even broken a sweat" Clarisse whispered in his ear and he just nodded sadly. "HA! he didn't even try because he knew that he wasn't gonna win, he should know where his place which is where he is now" the floor was shaking a bit and Percy's face was now red but I just dismissed it and kept talking. "All you Greeks are weak, if this is your best swordsman then you must all be weak!" Piper looked hurt but I just kept talking and talking. "You guys kept saying how great Percy Jackson is, how he did this and that. Well let me break it to you, you guys are WEAK! you hear me? W-E-A-K! especially sons of Poseidon" I said finishing my rant about Greeks. And thats when I noticed the Centaur's and God's faces. They were looking at Percy, they're faces had shock on them and maybe some… fear?. The ground started shaking really hard now, cracks started appearing in the ground, as big as the one in the mess hall. (A/N forgot if its still there so if it isn't then deal with it) I was looking at the ground one second and the next thing I know i'm on the ground facing Percy Jackson's face. His face usually happy face was red and angry, no furious. His eyes were filled with fire, if looks could could kill then i'm pretty sure that I would've been sliced, mushed then disintegrated. "I gave you the praetorship back, no biggie" his voice was deadly calm. "You can insult me fine I don't care what you think. But insulting my friends?!, my bloodline? my father?" his voice getting louder and louder with each word. "You've just crossed the line Grace" His voice back to being deadly calm. "I was holding back so you can win and we can forget about all of this" he put his hands wide open. The floor was shaking even harder now. "I don't care what you think about me, what you say to me, heck you could do anything to me, but to my friends? my family?" the ground stopped shaking but you could see the cracks. "You think that Greeks are weak? then lets battle again, no holding back, powers and all and lets see if you still think that Greeks are weak especially sons of Poseidon" he said with a smirk back on his face and his eyes were sparkling. "Yeah go get them Percy!" Thalia and Annabeth cheered and soon every one was cheering on Percy even my used to be girlfriend and my used to be best friend, Piper and Leo. We battled again, our swords meeting each other with a clang. I could tell now that he was holding back, a lot . Its like he knew what I was gonna do before I actually did it, each time I tried to cut, even get my spear in a centimetre near his skin he would just block it. He was blocking all my attacks, he never attacked himself and thats when I thought of something. "Come up here Jackson, lets see if you can battle in my domain" I said flying up, putting the winds in my control and to my surprise he came up in the air as well. "Suit yourself Grace" he replied while making a hurricane to lift him up. Before on the ground at least I could get close to him just not my spear but now, it was impossible to physically get near him. His hurricane would just push me back with force, the water droplets splashing into my eyes making it hard to see. I can't even get close to him physically, hmm physically I thought yea physically, if I cant get to him