A/N: I really poured a lot of myself into Sarah and I really didn't want her story to end, but alas, it had to. Originally this story was going to be a series of outtakes about what happened to Sarah, Liam and Lina but then I got this great idea to incorporate all the different events into one story plot. I have never written anything this complex, so I apologize if it gets confusing but I will try to write it as best I can. Please be kind because I am not a professional writer at all! Summary: This story includes several story lines and several plots all wrapped up into one. It takes place about a century after Immortal Wolves. Its mostly going to be other characters and characters from Immortal wolves but I promise there will be some Nessie and Leah in the mix. You will see what happens to all the characters through the eyes of a new generation. These new characters will uncover all the secrets of their family and they will get caught up in a war that they never knew existed. Disclaimer: Stephanie Meyer owns all Twilight Saga and characters. Anita11 owns everything else. Prologue "It's been over 100 years since it all started. They all hoped that the first war would bring a time of peace amongst the immortals; however, greed has a way of overpowering reason. This was their down fall. " "Will you stop being so cryptic and get to the damn point!" Amy told her older brother. They all sat around the fire watching the green flames fickler as they listened to their favorite Quileute legends. A century later six teenager still told scary stories around a bonfire as their ancestors did. They were a small nation but they were one of the few nations whose traditions prevailed along the centuries of outside influence and technology. Anthony, the oldest of the group, narrowed his eyes at his spirited little sister, trying not to laugh, as she stuck out her tongue in response to his scowl. The others chuckled at the two siblings, while rolling their eyes at this common bickering. "As I was saying, the greed of the Volturi would eventually become their downfall. For a new power had risen from the shadows of the past and they were the Quileute immortal wolves." All the young Quileutes cheered at the mentioning of the wolves. All of them felt a connection with these heroes. They recognized them as their ancestors. Even though none of them truly believed that the legends were true, in their hearts, they felt the calling of the warriors they held within. Billie smiled at the twelve year old girl sitting next to Anthony. This was the last time she would hear the old stories for a while and Billie knew how much she loved them. Though she had heard the legends many times from her grandparents and older brother, Billie was going to miss the stories just as much as her little cousin Cameron. Jaime, Billie's older brother, watched them both carefully as Anthony told the old story. Cameron had been so different since the accident. They were all hoping that a nice old fashioned bonfire would cheer her up and so far it seemed to be working. "You see..." Anthony continued, "Though there were many wolves, most of them had imprinted and chosen to release their wolves in order to be with their imprints and start a family but there were a few wolves who chose to remain as our protectors. These wolves became the immortal wolves." Anthony told them. "The immortal wolves were wolves who had not imprinted so instead of marrying just anyone, they chose to live forever until they found their imprints. It was said that some of the immortal wolves, were wolves who imprinted on half-breeds ." He said the last word as if it had a bad taste in his mouth. The others booed at the mentioning of the half-breeds. Only Cameron and Alexias, her distant cousin, felt excitement at their mentioning. Alexias cheered trying to annoy her friends. Brendon, who was sitting next to her as usual, covered her mouth and booed again. She laughed and punched her best friend playfully. "Ok. ok. So the Volturi's power was weakened after the first confrontation that happened right here on our lands. Their own vampire community didn't trust them. After that first battle, all had seen that the Volturi were abusing their power and had to be stopped. That first battle was an eye opening experience for everyone. The immortal world was introduced to new members of the mythical community, the shape shifters. The Volturi wanted them almost as much as they wanted the yellow eyed vampires that had powers, so they waited until the right moment to strike and this moment came when the first Alpha female was born." "About a decade after the first confrontation with the Volturi, a child was born into the Quileute nation. This child was the daughter of the Alpha Jacob Black and his imprint Vanessa aka Nessie Black. The leeches accused Nessie and her child of being a half breeds. Some say that they believed Nessie to be the daughter of one of the yellow eyes but we all know that vampires can't have children. It was all a vicious lie so that they had an excuse to attack us again. The Volturi thought they could trick the vampire community into believing that Nessie and her child were a mix breed because Nessie was introduced to Chief Jake by the Cullens as their daughter. Nonetheless, it didn't work because the child of Jacob Black was human just like her mother. The problem was that they has to prove it." "The wolves were strong but their numbers were small compared to the Volturi. Seeing that their numbers had decreased because of the wolves who stopped phasing, the immortal wolves joined forces with the yellow eyed bloodsuckers. The yellow eye covens were unlike other vampires because they fed on animal blood. This allowed them to create stronger bonds of love and friendship but it also weakened them. Nevertheless, with the wolves at their side they created a new ruling family called the Olympians. Together, the Olympians were unstoppable, as the Volturi soon found out." Anthony took a moment to smile as he pictured them in his head, all looking like Greek gods before he continued. "The vampire community that lived in Alaska joined the Olympians and together, they defeated the Volturi. Finally, the Volturi leader, Aro, was destroyed." Again, all the children cheered since they all despised Aro. "With Aro out of the way, a new Volturi formed in order to maintain the secrecy of the mythical community. This new Volturi was different and eventually even some of the Olympians joined them in order to maintain peace and balance among the immortals. The immortal wolves became the guardians and protectors of human life and to this day they say that they are the most feared of the immortals and that no vampire dares to hunt within their perimeter. This is why the Olympic peninsula has the least missing people and deaths in all of the United States. It is because these lands are still protected by the Immortal Wolves to this very day." Anthony looked around making it seem as if the wolves could be watching but he was interrupted by one small snicker. "I don't think that's what really happened." Cameron said. Jaime smiled at her. "They're only stories, kiddo. None of it really happened." He told his little cousin. "Yes it did. I just don't think the story Tony told is correct. I have a feeling that the legends were tampered with." She said confidently. "And why would they do that?" Billie teased. "I think they changed the legends to make sure we never find the immortals. If you were immortal and you needed to hide, isn't that the easiest way to do it?" Cameron suggested. "I guess you'll have to take that up with the council. I'm sure great grandpa Collin will love to hear your version." Alexias teased. All the kids were trying to keep the mood light when in reality they were all upset about their friends leaving them. In a few hours, Cameron's father would send his lawyer to pick up Cameron, Billie and Jaime and all three would be leaving the reservation, perhaps forever. "Well I'm sure that even a super genius like you can't find mythical beings so it doesn't really matter does it?" Billie tickled her and Cameron squirmed on her lap until she was back on the sand next to her. "It would be pretty cool though. If they were real." Billie continued. "Yeah. It would be amazing." Cameron said dreamily and they all continued talk and say goodbye to their friends. Cameron It was a short flight. I wished it was longer. I wasn't looking forward to seeing my father again. I didn't even know he existed until he suddenly decided to take custody of us after our parent's death. He wasn't even at the funeral but a week after the funeral, aunt Rita's cousin, Yuren got an email from my dad claiming he received a letter from my mother, through her lawyer, saying that he was my biological father and he wanted the three of us to stay with him. Cousin Yuren fought for us but my dad had DNA on his side and the letter that was left behind by my mother in case she died. I wished mom would have never written that letter but as much as I wanted to be angry at her, I couldn't because I had this strange sense that she kept him away from me to protect me. I felt something was wrong with him from the moment I met him. It was a gnawing feeling that gave me a feeling of dread and fear. Most people would brush off this feeling as nerves but the last time I felt this way was when our parents died. I knew they were gone long before the police came to our door. I just hoped that this time I am wrong and what I am feeling is just nerves because there was no going back now. The judge signed the papers and we all were on our way to living with a man who was a stranger but who was also our closest kin. Before this all happened, I only knew my father as uncle Danny's identical twin. In my heart, uncle Danny was the only father figure I ever knew and it was strange to know that his twin was my father. But he wasn't a real father. He was a stranger to me and to my cousins, Billie and Jamie who I loved like my brother and sister. He was absent from all of our lives but the judge didn't care about that. My father was genetically identical to Jaime and Billie's real father, so the stupid judge claimed we would be better off with a familiar face. He didn't understand that my father had never been a part of our lives. Not as a dad, not as an uncle, not as anything. He didn't even come for us himself. He came to meet me the day of the trial and then he had his lawyer fly us after the hearing. It was all so stupid. DNA doesn't make a family, love does. We arrived at the airport early in the morning. My father looked angry from the moment saw us but it was when he saw my dog Nala that he was really pissed. Nala looked at my father and her shackles went up, then, she howled and barked at him. When dad glared at Nala she growled at him which was strange because loved everyone. She especially loved uncle Danny and, since dad looked just like