Summary: This is the sequel to Immortal and it takes place 11 years after Immortal. This story will mainly revolve around Renesmee's daughter but Leah's son and Paul's Daughter are also a big part of the story. We will see exactly how special these kids are and how they will change the immortal world. We will also see what happened to many of the characters from Immortal, especially Duilio Volturi. Needless to say, the Volturi will play a big part in the kids lives. A/N: If you did not read Immortal, I suggest that you read it but I tried to include some background info in case you do not want to read Immortal and for those of you who need a review of the previous story. As usual, if the chapter is new, please review! I love to hear your input and t helps me clarify things in the story that are unclear. As with the previous story, I will try to post chapters once a week so put me on your alerts so that you don;t fall behind. It is very important for me to get your input ASAP in case I need to edit or clarify something the next chapter. If there is something you don't understand, let me know. If there is something that makes you mad, please don't stop reading. The bad things that happen in my story have a purpose so bare with me because all will be revealed in due time. As I've said before, t here is a reason to my madness. Finally, p lease keep the reviews coming! Disclaimer: Stephanie Meyer owns all Twilight Saga and characters. Renesmee I was a very lucky. I grew up with the love of my life and it helped me build a relationship with Jacob that was beyond what words could explain. I was happy but when my daughter was born, I finally understood what pure love was. I was surprised by the intensity of the love I felt for my daughter. Sarah Bell Black was the light of our lives. She had come as a surprise to all of us. Even my psychic aunt Alice, was shocked because, my daughter was human. If she weren't human, aunt Alice probably wouldn't have seen my vampire mother holding my daughter in her arms before I even knew I was pregnant. Sarah was a precious baby. She was constantly smiling and giggling. She had an infectious smile that brought light to all those around her. It was her father's smile. The only darkness in our happiness was that our daughter was human. Kal (Leah's husband), Harry (Leah's son), and aunt Alice were all sure that she would phase when she was older and, as much as I loved that my daughter had the opportunity of a normal life, I was selfish enough to want her to phase – to live forever with us. The problem was that the Volturi would be keeping a close watch on her until she turned. They declared that if she remained human, then her children, my grandchildren, may know our secret but no one else beyond the third generation. Knowledge of the supernatural had to stop at the third generation. What bothered me the most about this edict was that it was given by Duilio Volturi, the man that in the past I had loved as my own brother. His betrayal hurt me beyond words could express. As angry as I was, I missed him terribly. I remember that first night after the edict like it was yesterday. I kept it together on the plane ride home but once we got to our house I completely fell apart. It wasn't supposed to be like this. He was supposed to be happy for my, proud of having a little niece. That night Jacob had to pick me up from the floor where I was crying. He took me in his arms to our bed and peppered me with kissed as I cried myself to sleep. It took me a week to stop crying and a part of me is never going to get over what happened. My consolation was that my daughter was safe and happy. She was a living reminder that I had enough love in my life. My husband Jacob was the alpha of the pack. When I was born, the pack was divided. Sam was alpha to Quill, Brady, Jared, Collin, Paul, Embry, andJeremy. Only Leah and Seth were in Jacob's pack; however, later on, Quill, Embry, Paul and Brady joined Jacob's pack and 3 younger wolves joined Sam's Andrew, Stephen, and Mica. I went to high school with Andrew, Steven, and Mica along with my two human best friends Anna (Brady's imprint) and Carol (Stephen's imprint). But the pack didn't stop there. Ryan and Mitch also joined the pack after I was in college; however, they only joined our pack when Sam and Jared retired. Shortly after Jacob and I graduated college and had our daughter we moved to a cabin estate that my family had built for the pack. By the time we moved, my brother in law Paul had stopped phasing along with Brady, Stephen, and Andrew (who found his imprint when he went to college). Eventually, Mica got a job in another town and imprinted on one of his coworkers. I was happy he finally got his turn. My family built the pack an enormous estate near a Quileute reserve and for a time the entire pack lived there at some point. Quill, Collin, Jeremy, Mica, and Leah all lived in the estate for about a two years. Seth opted to stay with the Cullens in Denali in order to be with his imprint, Eve who is my youngest aunt. Embry decided to stop phasing. He moved out and tried to become human because he was trying to fall out of love with Leah after she imprinted. Ryan and Mitch graduated high school and went to college. Ryan imprinted and stopped phasing almost immediately after. Mitch decided to follow Embry's example and stopped phasing even though he hadn't imprinted. He joined a church and was happy to leave the monsters behind. Jeremy imprinted on a 7 year old but he decided he rather live on his own than stay with us or more importantly with me. Not all the wolves were happy to have a half leech in the pack. Leah and her imprint Picha Kal (who used to be Taha Aki in a different life), their sons Harry and little Liam had an entire section of the house to themselves. Quill decided to live in the cabin for a while until Claire graduated high school and then they both moved in together in Seattle. Eventually, Embry and Quill decided to open a web design business together in Seattle so their business could grow. Around this time, Embry finally was able stop phasing which he was happy about. He eventually found a nice woman who he decided to marry. She was not able to know about the wolves which cause some problems between Embry and Jake but they eventually worked it out. Embry and his wife had two kids and were settled in Seattle. He visited often because he discovered that he was Paul's half-brother. Embry and Paul became even closer and he was a great uncle to Paul's girls as well as my daughter. Paul and Rachel graced us with two beautiful nieces. Paulina, aka Lina and Emma Lahote. They were precious to Jacob and me. Lina and Sarah grew up to become best friends, like sisters. Both girls and Leah's youngest son Liam were inseparable growing up. We called them the three musketeers. We were sure that Lina and her sister Emma would become wolves but we were not sure about Liam and Sarah. Sarah had my dna messing things up and Liam had his father, Kal's. Picha K'al or Kal as we called him, was the spirit of Taha Aki in the body of an eagle. His eagle was magnificent. Though his scent was not as advanced as the wolves', his eyesight was ten times better than any wolf or vampire. With him around, protecting the tribe was easy. Kal was very protective of his descendants, even though he wasn't genetically linked to any of them is his new form. Because he was so detached from this world and our customs, we decided that, instead of working, his full time job would be to protect the job during the day. This would give the wolves a chance to lead normal lives. They would only need to patrol at night in shifts so that Kal could have time with his family. Leah and her husband Kal were happy with the arrangement. I was happy that they had found each other. And I was also happy that our children all grew up together. Harry (Leah's oldest son), Chris (Rosalie's adopted son) and Eve (Esme's adopted daughter), grew up together at New Hampshire and were as inseparable as our three musketeers. Liam, Sarah and Lina grew up together at our new home in LaPush. Over the years the kids became more like siblings than cousins. I was glad for this because like myself, my daughter had trouble fitting in. The difference was that my mind was advanced enough to understand and process what was happening, Sarah's wasn't. My daughter was human and she developed at a human pace. Many of the kids at school knew about the wolves because they were the children of former pack members Jared, Sam, and Jeremy all had kids that were about 2-3 years older than our kids but only Sam and Jared's boys were old enough to phase. Andrew, Brady, and Stephen's kids were a few years younger than our musketeers. Brady and Stephen's kids came to visit often and played with our kids but sadly not the rest. Though Andrew would accept our barbecue invitation sometimes, he, the other wolves and their kids would spend most of their weekends at Sam's. However, he loved Sarah so it was a surprise when his kids were bullying my Sarah. The other kids were also unkind to my daughter, because I was a half vampire half human hybrid. Sarah was a beautiful girl, with light russet skin and wavy black hair. She looked a lot like her father; however, she was also a little overweight and tall which made it easy for them to target her. One day in elementary school, she refused to go to school. Jacob got stern with her for the first time and she burst into tears, refusing to talk to any of us. It was Liam who told us that the kids at school were picking on her. He and Lina had been getting into many fights at school and that was when we found out that they were getting in fights because they were protecting my daughter. Jacob was furious and he talked to all of the parents. Andrew and his imprint/wife Amy were horrified by this. Andrew and I had become allies in high school and he was furious with his two girls. Mica was also upset because one of the girls was his imprint Ally. He couldn't believe that his precious Ally was a bully. Andrew and Amy made their girls come to our home to personally apologize to us. Emily also made her boys apologize. Sam wasn't with her but Emily claimed he was very mad at the boys. Emily and Andrew were the only ones who made their kids apologize. I was saddened by this. I hated that my daughter was getting bullied and by the time she was in middle school we decided to move to Forks so that she could go to a different school. It was a tough decision because Paul and Rachel weren't in a position to move so Lina would have to stay in the reservation school.