Please pay attention to the trigger warnings! This is not as explicit as I've made it sound, but it is dark and I don't want to scar anyone by accident... This was originally named "we're falling apart to halftime (it's a question of life or death)", as I had no had no idea what to name this piece and I also couldn't believe I wrote this. "we're falling apart to halftime" is from "Dance, Dance" by FOB. Also, this is unbeta-ed, so if you see any mistakes please let me know. :) WARNINGS: Graphic Depictions Of Violence, Underage, Rape/Non-Con OTHER TAGS: Dark!fic, Unbeta-ed, One Thousand and One Nights, pre-ship TRIGGER WARNINGS: Abuse, Blood, Body Horror, Bondage, Claustrophobia, Depression, Fire, Forced Drugs Usage, Forced Pregnancy, Forced Public Sex, Humiliation, Mpreg, Pregnancy, Psychological Torture, Public Sex, Rape, Slurs, Torture, Violence, Vomit, Voyerisum The first day, she's confused. She's quiet at first. Only utters an answer between sobs and broken teeth after a harsh step breaks the bones in her scarring hand. He smiles and curls his fingers around her body, he pushes and pulls and probes and laughs and she stays alive. Such a treat, he caresses her head, you should be honored . He pulls her up so hard when he throws her across the room, there are still hair strands left in his hand when she bleeds on the wall. You should be honored, flithy mudblood . The second day she understands; and that's both horrifying and hopeful. He smiles almost lovingly when the realization dawns on her face. He almost looks human. She's the brightest witch of her age, he chuckles, of course she would figure out their little game. She knows, in a way, they're lucky he likes to play with his prey. It keeps them alive, she reminds herself, brought to her knees to satisfy him as much as her answer did; it keeps them safe. She licks at his boots and hopes they would get it too. The third day, she thinks they finally catch on. She's not exactly sure. Even after being healed this morning, there was now no place for expressions on their faces - only blood and dirt and horror and pain. She just hopes that maybe, somehow, they'd spent enough time with her to understand what is happening. She answers her question, braces herself against the pain and pretends no one else is in the room with them. But then it's not the right hand on her back, it's not the right face over her shoulders, and it's bright blue eyes staring into her soul, and for a second she hopes- They put on a show for the crowd. By the two weeks mark, it becomes a routine. She gets up, gets tortured, crawls over the floor and answers the question. Then, she screams her throat raw, cleans the blood and the mud and the filth off the floor, and gets put aside, like dirty laundry or an old rug doll. At night, if she's lucky, she stares into green emerald eyes across the hall and reminds herself she has something worth living for. On the 30th day, he starts to ask them questions too, says they cannot get a free ride off her any longer. Chuckles at his own pun. She's hanging from the ceiling, dressed only in pink silk ropes with kitten prints, and can only look as they bleed over the floor, tortured in a way that's wholly muggle but way more painful than anything they'd ever endured. On the 93rd day, they drag someone in. She can see it all the way from over the fireplace across the room, even as she tries to escape the fire licking and eating at her skin and flesh, even as she screams. The figure has platinum blonde hair, which is the only reason she recognizes the thin, bloody sack-clad broken mess as anything remotely human. As anything resembling the small, proud boy who used to laugh at her in school, to bully and taunt her. "Have you realized your mistake, Draco?" The laugh is high and cold, and the wand is already raised, and for the first time in her life she feels truly sympathetic to that boy who lied to save them when he had all the reasons not to. Her side is blackened and melting - it's only the curse placed on her that keeps her away from her last breathe,- and she knows she has to reserve what little air she has, either to scream out or beg forgiveness, apologize for being born,- but at that moment, her breathe stops. Either Bellatrix is still capable of feeling human emotions, or Narcissa Malfoy is way smarter than either of them ever thought. Whichever it is, Draco Malfoy is one extremely lucky man. His cold grey eyes meet hers as he walks out of the room again, dressed in black robes and armed with a dark mark out for the world to see. She'd think he looks somewhat horrified, but he's gone faster than she can think in between screams and sobs. Eventually, they bring her down. They heal her, only enough to look pretty and presentable, and he asks her a question. On the 94th day, Draco Malfoy is put in charge of them, responsible for their well-being and health. He doesn't speak, and whenever their eyes meet she sees the bloody mess, and his eyes tell her he sees the melting and black burnt skin. On the 121th day, he starts to treat them better, and all of them know something more terrible, horrible, waits for them at the end of this road. Draco looks at them, and his eyes beg forgiveness. The fact he doesn't even pity them makes her think she's better off dead. It's only Harry's and Ron's eyes that keep her fighting. It was all a matter of time before either of them makes a mistake. On the 169th day, Ron answers his question wrong. Hermione doesn't even think, she just throws herself forward and crawls. Kissing his boot and the end of his robe, she begs him to forgive Ron, to overlook his mistake, because he is their forgiving and loving Lord, and who else would have in their heart such a power to forgive a lowlife their mistake? Please, she pleads, and thanks all her lucky stars which had aligned to let her get this far, please, my lord, forgive him . He backhands her. The ever-existing irony of the most purist magician in the world restoring to muggle violence when he's angry is not lost on her. "And what does a filthy mudblood like you has to offer? Why should I spear any of your pathetic lives?" He pulls her up by the hair, harder than he'd ever had, and looks into her eyes. She averts them as if out of honor, because she can't afford him finding what little fight she has left. "Why shouldn't I kill you right now?" " Please my lord, I'll do anything you ask of me, I'll give you whatever you want." He looks amused, "Stupid witch. I can already have anything I want of you." He laughs, and the room echoes after him, Death Eaters without masks looking as if she'd just told them a joke. She gathers her courage and fixes her eyes onto his. Quietly, as if she doesn't want to scream and beg against the pain in her scalp and broken feet and burnt ribs, she says, "I can give you my will. I can give you the power over me willingly. No Imperious , no compelling, just me doing whatever you want. Anything ." Please, she thinks, that's all she has left. He looks at her, a little bit angry, a little bit entertained and a little bit - intrigued? Lucky, lucky, lucky. "You think you're worthy of my mark , little girl?" She shakes her head even as it pulls hair from its roots, "No! Never , my lord. Never would I be worthy of such a honor, my lord. I'm only a mudblood, I'm not worthy - I'll never be -" He throws her across the room. Her hand catches on the wall and bends the way it shouldn't, yet she doesn't scream because the pain means she's still alive. "Brightest witch of her age indeed ," he mocks. She tries to crawl over to him again, but she can't. Instead, she shuffles over slowly on her knees, her broken hand too weak to carry her weight. Then she straddles him and rides . She rides him on her knees for all to see, using only her tights to control her movements. Her broken limbs give her no leverage, and she strains, biting her lips against the pain. She rides him hard, moving up and down with a force that makes her want to scream. Each and every movement makes her feel impaled and dirty and wrong . She rides him, not because of a spell or a potion, but because he commands her to. The Death Eaters around them praise their lord, and then leer at her, making obscene remarks. They hold her boys up by the hair, forcing them to watch her close and count loudly every time she sinks. And the next day – The next day Ron is still breathing. On the 200th day they celebrate. It's a good thing; she reminds herself, opens her mouth and licks. The 270th day is different than the others. She's not sure why, and Draco looked wary as well, obviously only following orders. He uses a spell to clean them up and then dresses them up in white garments, a striking difference from their everyday filthy birth-suit. He ties them up with pretty, purple silk ribbons - one around the neck and another bounding their arms behind their back, - and leaves them to wait. They sit on their knees, unmoving and silent, and though it's the first time in months they have the chance to speak to each other, no one dares to utter a word. They wait all day until eventually they drag them out. Pulling them by the hair over the floor and up the stairs, and then forcing them to stand up and follow, fast . They're brought into the room, and this time there are no questions. He just stands there and watches as they're tied up to three white marble tables. The moonlight pools softly through the window, giving the tables the illusion of being soft and beautiful, instead of the future murder scenes they probably are. There are no questions, so they're going to die today, she knows. She's - surprisingly fine with it, even happy and prepared for it to be over. She's just sorry she couldn't save her best friends. They don't deserve it, after all. It's Bellatrix Lestrange who ties them to the tables. She looks more sane than Hermione's ever seen her, and she even leans in and says in a serious, deadly voice, "You should be honored, Mudblood." She looks jealous, and not unlike a second-best sibling - denied the privilege their sibling had been granted with. Hermione wonders what the hell happened to the woman who less than 24 hours ago had magically pulled out and regrew each of Hermione's fingernails several times over. There is a door opening, and a shuffle and a small gasp, and it's hard to watch from her position, but it's quite easy to understand what's happening from the conversation being held. For the first time in her life, Hermione Granger is absolutely, utterly terrified . "Glad you could join us, Draco. Come on, take off your mask and stand next to me." The voice is uncharacteristically warm and happy, so sweet and fake it makes her quiver. "Look at them, Draco. Isn't it a lovely view? It's a shame they'd have to die; so beautiful, smart enough to