this is a coppied story (not mine) the real /works/3874606 The first time it happens Harry and Draco are held up in potions, finishing their own experimental drought for Slughorn after classes have finished for the day. In their shared cauldron a sleeping drought happily bubbled away, Draco stirring counter clockwise every so often so the light blue liquid would thicken. The air was heavy with residential fumes from their potion, making Harry feel groggy and sluggish where he sat watching Draco. Harry didn't know if Draco had cast a charm over himself to prevent himself from being effected by the fumes or if he was just naturally immune. After the war, Draco had let his hair grow long again but he often went without slicking it back like he use to when he was younger. These days he preferred to keep it soft and hanging around his face, tucking strands behind his ears or pulling the straight platinum locks into a messy bun at the nape of his neck. Dangerously, Harry let his mind wonder while staring at Draco, an occurrence that was alarmingly becoming an daily occurrence, something that he thought he had grown past after sixth year. He couldn't help himself, Draco with his perfect messy bun and sharp cheek bones, robes discarded, sleeves rolled up his pale forearms, Dark Mark on display. When Hogwarts had opened again after a long summer of repairs, Draco was just a shadow of his former self. Hugging the walls as he walked to class, keeping his head down, only speaking one or two words a day in quip and quiet sentences when the professors called on him in class. Harry had watched helplessly as Draco took the abuse that other students had thrown at him, students who had lost their parents and siblings to the war, muggle born first years who were too young to understand were casting jinxes at Draco in the halls under older students persuasion. They just didn't understand Draco the way Harry did, they weren't there when Draco saved his life in Malfoy Manor, nor where they there when Draco lowered his wand and Snape killed Dumbledore in his place. After a particularity nasty body binding jinx that had Draco immobilized on the floor, his books kicked around and parchment torn, Harry had intervened. "The war is over!" He shouted at any one who would listen. "We've all made mistakes, done things we aren't proud of to protect our family's. It's time you all grew up and saw that he's just like the rest of us. I know a lot of you have lost something, some one . So has Malfoy. I think it's admirable that Malfoy came back here, no other Slytherin did, he just wants to finish his education like the rest of us. It's time to move on, grow up and leave him alone." Some students sneered as they walked away, some looked sheepish, even sorry and soon the hallway was clear except for Harry and Draco. Harry undid the jinx and helped Draco to his feet. For the first time in months, Draco had glimmer of fire in his eyes. "You didn't have to do that Potter." Draco spat and Harry shrugged. "I wanted to." Draco straightened his robes, long fingers ran over his tie and through his hair. "I can look out for myself." "It didn't look like it Malfoy, what would have happened if you were walking down some stairs? You could of snapped your neck you git." Harry bent down and gathered some of Draco's paper together. Draco crouched beside him. "I don't need your fucking help," he whispered and picked up his books, taking the papers from Harry's hands and then walking away, leaving Harry on the ground, shocked. Turns out Draco Malfoy was a big fan of the word 'fuck.' That was something that Harry had discovered since his weird friendship with Draco had formed. After the incident in the hall, people had started to leave Draco alone, allowing him to hold his head a fraction higher when he walked. He became more confident when he spoke, starting conversations instead of only speaking when being spoken to and he answered the professors questions with in depth answers that awarded his house points. The former Death Eater became more comfortable in his skin, no longer ashamed of the Dark Mark branding him, and Harry would watch him over his meals or books and found that Draco had been expressing his freedom of speech. Harry let his thoughts drift in the potions classroom, watching Draco's hands work with his wand. "Potter." Draco started, squaring his shoulders when Harry looked up from his Transfiguration essay. "Malfoy?" "I demand you return my wand, this ones faulty." He placed a light brown wand on Harry's parchment and Harry raised his eyebrow at it. "You could ask nicely ya' know?" Harry pushed himself away from his essay and stood. Draco just glared. Laughing quietly, Harry gestured towards the dorms, "it's in my trunk." Leading the way, Draco followed silently. It was quiet in the eighth year dorms, the few who returned where already in bed or taking advantage of the eighth year curfew. Ron and Hermione were studying on the floor when Harry and Draco walked in, their pieces of parchment where thrown about everywhere and Hermione's jumper was tossed aside hazardously. "What's he doing here?" Ron shouted in surprise when Draco awkwardly hovered in the door way. Hermione just sat up straighter and flicked her eyes from Harry to Draco. "I'm returning his wand." Harry replied casually. Kneeling in front of his truck and shifting things around. "I didn't know you still had it Harry," Hermione spoke up, eyeing Draco warily. "Ah, yeah," came Harry's distracted reply from inside his trunk. "I hadn't had the opportunity to return it since the trials." Draco looked at the ground. "Oh, well." Hermione cleared her throat, "a lot has happened since then." "Yes," whispered Draco from his spot in the door way. The dorm was filled with an awkward silence, aside from Harry moving things around in his truck. "Ah-ha!" Harry stood, gripping Draco's wand in his hand. His hair was more devilish then usual and his glasses were askew across his nose. "Here," he said and Draco walked forwards, careful of the papers on the floor. Holding his hand out, Draco reached for his wand. "Thank you," he whispered sincerely when Harry handed it over. The familiar feel warmed him as his magic recognized it, thrumming happily in his veins at the reunion of its old friend. "Test it out," Harry said, choosing to sit at the foot of his bed. Draco swallowed. "Hang on a minute," Ron interjected getting to his feet and moving to stand protectively in front of Hermione. "This could of been his plan all along ya' know? Get his wand back and then kill you!" Hermione gripped Ron's thigh from where she sat. Draco shook his head. "Do you know how ridiculous you sound Weasly? I-I wanted to apologize actually." He licked his lips, exchanging his weight from one foot to the other. "For everything. My behavior over the years, my discrimination towards you and your family. I'm sorry about your brother. About the stupid fucking war. Granger, I'm sorry for calling you- Well," he swallowed, "I don't think I'll ever say it again but you know what I'm talking about. I-I meant it back then, but I don't mean it now. I'm sorry for it, and for what Bellatrix did." Hermione's eyes grew darker when she remembered, nodding once to accept Draco's apology, not trusting her voice. "Thanks mate," said Ron, his voice raw in the memory of Fred. "But don't think this changes anything." Harry chuckled weakly and Draco huffed once, lips quirked into a small smile. Harry sat with a dopey smile on his face and Draco kicked him from under the desk. "It's your turn to stir the potion Potter, my arms are fucking tired." Frowning from being kicked, Harry shuffled until he was leaning over the cauldron, stirring with his wand. Harry must of been lost in his thoughts for some time because the potion was now light pink. "Did you add the slime?" He asked idly, watching the light pink drought bubble. "Yes I did, but I shouldn't have because that was your fucking job. You're welcome." Harry grunted. For weeks now Draco's swearing was getting more frequent, he hated the foul words that came from Draco's beautiful mouth but it's not like he could do anything to stop him. Hunched over the cauldron, Harry let his mind wander again, Draco was off to the side, legs crossed under the desk, a quill tapping his lips as he documented the color change of their potion. Harry watched hypnotized as Draco drew his lip into his mouth, chewing it lighting with his straight teeth. That's when Harry got the idea. It was perfect. Fool proof. Draco wouldn't even see it coming. Harry grinned at his genius idea and stirred. "How are we going to test this?" Harry asked, wondering which one of them would be the test subject. "Frogs," Draco muttered, not looking up from his parchment. Harry hummed in response. "How do we know when it's done?" "In ten minutes." "How do you know that?" Draco looked up, annoyed. "What's with all the fucking questions Potter?" Harry grinned, Draco fell into his trap perfectly. Surging forwards, Harry wrapped his fingers around Draco's tie and pulled him forwards until their lips met over their cauldron. The pressure lasted for three seconds, Harry's eyes shut and Draco's wide in surprise. When Harry let Draco go, he slid back into his seat slowly, eyes still wide, tie crooked and a blush painting his cheeks. Harry just hummed in his success and Draco's silence, going back to their potion. They're in the eighth year common room. Hermione's curled up on a sofa by the fire reading out loud from her book. A book that Draco had recommend. Every now and again Draco interrupts her, offering his thoughts on a particular line or sentence and they will debate about particular spells. Harry's beside Draco on the couch, feet under Draco's bum, more to annoy Draco then to keep his feet warm. It's a regular occurrence now, doesn't shock anyone anymore. Ron is loosing his game of Wizards Chess. Draco turned out to be an unexpected challenge, now every evening Ron hassles Draco until they play, determined to bet him at least once. Ron groans loudly in defeat. "I trusted you," he angrily whispers to his King whose just been checkmated. Draco laughs, a warm sound, only slightly mocking. "You cheat Malfoy." Ron's nodding, convincing himself that Draco is actually cheating. He turns to Hermione, "Malfoy cheats. I know he does!" Hermione shakes her head fondly. "Of course he does, it's not like he has actual talent or anything." "'Mione!'' Hermione closed her book, a teasing smile tugging at her lips. "Come on Ronald, I think you've played enough chess for one evening." She stood, unfolding her limbs and pulling Ron to his feet. He towered over her when he stood but she just pressed her face against his chest. "I want a bloody rematch." Hermione tugged at Ron's sweater, looking up at him with brown eyes. "But, tomorrow." He said, looking down at Hermione. She smiled and lent up on her tip toes to press a quick kiss against his check. "G'night Harry, Malfoy." Hermione waved at them and they left. Hermione still pressed against Ron's chest as they walked, Ron holding her there tightly. Draco scowled. "They do realize that some of us are single right?" Harry wiggled his toes and Draco shot him a glare. "They're in love," said Harry, looking straight at Draco, something unreadable in his eyes. "It's fucking disgusting." Draco hissed, mending his chess pieces. Harry leans forwards in his seat, pulling his