Hi guys! So this is my new one shot. This is the first time that I have written in first person, so stick with me. I hope you enjoy! It all started when I was 6. A bright orange moving truck rolled into the driveway two doors down from us. My brother, Malcolm, and I pushed our chubby kid faces against the window trying to get a better look at our new neighbors, but were quickly scolded by our mother for dirtying the windows. Plus she said that it was rude to stare at people that we didn't know. That didn't stop us from looking though. Malcolm and I decided that we wanted to "play" outside shortly after our scolding, and while our mother was not oblivious to what we were doing, she didn't stop us from going outside. It got us out of her hair anyways. She never did like watching us. I'd heard her telling Dad that we were a nuisance to her work environment, but I wasn't really sure what that meant. Once we were outside we decided that basketball was going to be the most inconspicuous. The only problem was that we forgot that I was terrible at basketball, so after playing for a short while I decided that sidewalk chalk was a better option for me. So I sat down and drew what I thought were beautiful pieces of art all over our driveway until there was only one place that I hadn't drawn, right under the basketball hoop. I wasn't very observant as a 6 year old, so I crawled right under the hoop. I wanted to make sure that part of the driveway felt as pretty as all of the other parts of the driveway because, you know, driveways have feelings. Malcolm wasn't very observant either at 7, so he didn't stop shooting, and I'm sure everyone knows where this is going. Yep, basketball right to the head. So there I sat under the hoop screaming in 6 year old pain, and Malcolm was next to me trying to quiet me so Mom didn't come. Interrupting her was only going to make her angry, but I didn't care. I wanted attention, and I was gonna be damned if I didn't get it. That's when we heard a new voice. "Mom look! That little girl is hurt!" It sounded like it was from the new house, but I wasn't so sure. I hadn't seen a little kid. Sure enough a dark haired boy came running over to check on us. I could faintly hear a woman's voice yelling "Percy!" but I was more fascinated with this new boy in front of me. He looked older than me, but not by much. Maybe he was Malcolm's age. He was also incredibly broad for a boy his age, not that it made his any less cute. And just like that I had my first crush. "Are you okay?" the boy asked me as I stared at him. All I could do was kinda nod. This boy wasn't a mommy, and that meant that he didn't know anything about boo-boos. But ask and you shall receive, because the boys mom followed him over. "Hi sweetheart, did you hit your head?" she asked me. It was kind and gentle, not the way that my mother handled boo-boos. She normally told me to suck it up. I nodded and pointed to the basketball. "Is that what you hit?" she asked. Again I nodded. "Well how dare that silly basketball hurt such a cute little girl like you?" the woman asked while reaching out to tickle me. I normally didn't like being tickled, but she made it seem loving. "I was shooting around, and I didn't see her under the basket," my brother said toeing the ground. He was embarrassed. Malcolm didn't like to get in trouble, and this had trouble written all over it. "Oh I wouldn't worry about it, we are going to blame the ball anyway," the kind lady said to him winking. Malcolm's face lit up. We'd never thought of blaming it on the ball. "Is your mommy home? We should probably talk to her," we both stiffened. Neither of us wanting to bring our mother into it. "Oh, um, she is, but we don't need to get her," Malcolm said quickly. "Right Annabeth? You're feeling better right?" he asked me hurrilied. Suddenly all bouts for attention were gone. This woman was nice, and we didn't want our mother to scare her away. "Yeah, I'm all better now!" I shouted while trying to stand up quickly, only to fall over again. The boy grabbed me, but I didn't miss the look he and his mom shared at our sudden change in attitude. "Okay well if you're sure you're fine," she said sending me a skeptical look, "then I guess we can head home. I'm Sally by the way, and this is my son Percy," she said gesturing to the boy. Percy waved at us with a bright smile. Two of his teeth were missing. "I'm seven," he declared proudly. "So am I!" Malcolm shouted, and in that a friendship was born. Percy and Malcolm became inseparable after that day. They played together every day for the rest of that summer, and pretty much every day for the rest of their lives. I also came to be a staple in the Jackson household. Sally always told me that she had always wanted a daughter but never had one, so I was her fill in. She would bake for me and braid my hair before school. Sometimes she even took me shopping. It wasn't like my mother really cared where we were. She probably saw Sally as free day care. See, Sally was a teacher, so she had the same schedule as us. Even though she watched Percy all by herself. His father never made an appearance, but Mom told me it was rude to ask. When I was 8 I started spending the night at the Jacksons'. Mom and Dad had taken up fighting as their favorite hobby, and I scared me. So one night when they were fighting Malcolm had brought me along to a pre-planned sleepover. He held my hand all the way to the door, reassuring me that they wouldn't mind that he had brought me along. Sally hadn't been able to hide her shock when she saw both of us at the door, but she had welcomed me in just the same. The great thing about Sally Jackson was that she never asked questions. It was like she already knew what was going on before I even had to say anything. That night she set up the couch in the living room for me and told me to wake her if I needed anything. That was the night that Sally Jackson became my mom for all intensive purposes. I spent the night there whenever I needed to, sometimes even without Malcolm. If he was at a sleepover with another friend, Percy would still open the door and let me right in. percy became my family too. He watched out for me the same way that Malcolm did, sometimes he was even more protective. When I had my first boyfriend in seventh grade, Percy was the one that threatened him. Even though I'm pretty sure my brother would have to if he wasn't away at soccer camp. That relationship was short lived, as were any I had thereafter, and I didn't think it was because of me. I was about 99% sure that Percy and Malcolm were scaring them off, but I didn't have any proof and no one would confess. Whenever I told Sally about it she would just smile and laugh, telling me it would all sort itself out in good time. The summer before freshman year Percy became a lot busier. He was a fantastic swimmer, but I guess the high school coach wanted him to train harder and not rely on his natural talent as much. So off the the pool Percy went. Malcolm didn't want to hang out with me as much because I was "in junior high, and it's not cool for high schoolers to hang out with junior high kids." That was a lonely summer. Percy was still willing to hang out with me, but he was always busy or with my brother, so I spent most of my time with Sally. Her advice was to make some new friends. She said I was at an age where I needed to make girl friends and socialize more with my peers, but I didn't really want to do that. Percy and Malcolm had always been enough, plus the other kids liked to make fun of me for reading all the time. I decided I was better off on my own. Percy and Sally became the only constant things in my life. Malcolm was there and he loved me, but we dealt with pain differently, and when the fighting got worse Malcolm turned to girls. It seemed like he had a new one every week, and that new one replaced me as his main concern. He often went out on bad nights and stayed with his "friend" until morning, while I still found my safehaven in the jackson residence. Percy was the one that held me when I was crying. The one that fixed the cuts I got when I accidently got in the crossfire one time. Apparently vases can give some some pretty nasty cuts when they explode right behind you. I had been trying to make it out the door, but well, shit happens. I'd never seen Percy more mad than he was that night. He was fuming the whole time he cleaned up the cuts on my arms and hands. Occasionally swearing when I flinched because the peroxide burned. It took both me and his mother to hold him back from going over to my house and giving them a piece of his mind, and holding back and 16 year old Percy was not small feat. He had grown to about 6 foot 4 and had a swimmers build. We were lucky he didn't blow right through us. He only stopped once I started crying again. Sally was yelling things that I couldn't quite make out, but it sounded a lot "bleeding again" and "scaring her." We had to retreat some of the cuts due to the fact that they had started bleeding again, so that was probably what Sally was saying. Percy slept on the floor under the couch that night. He claimed it was because he wanted to be able to check on the cuts, but none of them were very serious. I hadn't even needed stitches. I was pretty sure it was so that he wouldn't go over there after I fell asleep. He held my hand while he slept that night as a reminder. The worst night of my life happened the summer between sophomore and junior year. My parents were fighting again, but after the vase incident I knew not to go down while they were fighting in the foyer. I had called Malcolm close to 50 times, but he was away at soccer camp, and judging by the fact that he had told Percy there was also a gymnastics camp going on, I could guess what he was doing. So I sat there and I listened. This fight had a different tone to it though. It sounded final. "I'm leaving!" I heard my mother shout from the bottom of the stairs. "I'm leaving this God forsaken town, and everyone in it! I'm done with you! I'm done with kids! And I'm sure as hell done with all the bullshit this family brings!" She stomped up the stairs when I could hear her opening and closing draws. My father was also in their room trying to reason with her. Telling her