Ok, so here is a new story I found on my computer from like three years ago! It's not the best writing I've ever published (as it was written my freshman year), but I did a lot of editing and I think it's pretty good. Obviously I couldn't change all of the writing or it wouldn't be the same story, so bear with me. So after all of that, I hope you enjoy it! Warning: contains abuse and mild language She knew life was over. That's what Annabeth had decided. Not only did her teacher think that it was somehow a good idea to pair high schoolers with people that they didn't know, she also thought it was a good idea to break status queue. Now as the semi-nerd made her way toward her school's starting running back, she thought of all the awful things that were going to happen to her. Not only was his girlfriend going to be pissed, he probably was too. There was no way he wanted to be with her, honestly she was probably his last choice. He had plenty of friends in this class, hell the whole school, and that meant that she was nowhere near the top of his list. He sighed as she started walking towards him. She referring to his new partner, Annabeth. It wasn't that Percy had a problem with her, quite the opposite really, he thought she was beautiful. His girlfriend was going to freak though. She had a thing about him talking to other girls. It was annoying if you asked him, but somehow she never seemed to see it that way. Annabeth sat down in front of him, and he offered a small smile. She had to be as nervous as he was. Scratch that. No one was as nervous as he was. Percy had never been very good around new people. She internally smiled. Percy didn't seem to pissed at her. They started going over the topics for their project and agreed on one that they both liked. The topic for the project, while easy, was time consuming. That meant that they would have to work outside of school. Annabeth knew that Percy definitely didn't want to do that, but unfortunately he was going to have to. She had to work almost full time to help support her family, she didn't tell him that of course, but she made sure he knew she worked. He did the same with football. He frowned at the mention of them working outside of school. He was in so much trouble. There was no way his girlfriend was going to allow this. The girl was gorgeous, but no amount of gorgeous could make up for that much crazy. It was probably time that Percy mentioned that to her, but he didn't have a death wish. So he continued on making plans, but he couldn't ignore how nervous Annabeth seemed when she mentioned how often she had to work. Percy had never had to work; his family was well off. To Percy sports were the most important thing in his life, and if he was right Annabeth ran track. He wasn't sure though. She was slammed up against her locker. Looking up from the floor Annabeth saw Percy's girlfriend standing above her. She, in all her crazy glory, looked pissed. She uttered a string of threats as her friends stared on, of course not doing anything to help the poor girl on the floor. At this point Annabeth's body hurt and she was turning red from humiliation. There was a reason that not many people knew she existed, and it was in no way an accident. Attention was not something that Annabeth wanted seek out, and this was going to be like starring in the new hit drama for her small high school. By this point the girl was still screaming at her, and no one was helping her. Annabeth never wanted to steal the Percy, but when she tried to say this she received a prompt smack to the face. There was nothing Annabeth could do other than just take it. He heard it before he saw it; the sound of his girlfriend's screams flooded through the hall. He started to run down the hall to save whoever she was after, but as he rounded the corner he found Annabeth pinned against the lockers struggling to get free. She tried to argue but was promptly slapped by the crazy she-devil. Percy furiously pushed his way through the surrounding crowd and grabbed his girlfriend. He tried to apologize to his new partner but she just flinched and ran away from the scene. There was nothing he could do to help her now, but he made a mental note to go check on her later. The sound of the slap was giving him flash backs to his relationship with his father. No one deserved to be hit. She could hear the couple yelling at each other from the bathroom where she had chosen to hide. It sounded an awful lot like a break up, but Annabeth wasn't sure dating wasn't really her thing. Annabeth was still flustered from the slap, and was pretty sure that she would be for the rest of the day. She really hoped that any bruising wouldn't be a problem with her job. School had ended just moments before the attack, and Annabeth was sure that she had missed her bus when she had run to hide. Both of her parents work, and even as a junior she didn't have a car. She was just going to have to walk. Annabeth stayed in the bathroom for a while longer trying to calm down (or hid from everyone) before deciding that it was time to face the world and head home. He was looking for her. Percy felt awful that his girlfriend, well ex-girlfriend, had treated Annabeth that poorly. He wanted to apologize to her for what had happened, but there was no way for him to check the whole school for her. Annabeth could have easily slipped past him in a different part of the school, but he decided that he owed it to her to at least look for her a little while longer. Percy walked around for a while longer before he saw a quick flash of blonde hair. She had just turned the corner, and Percy was quick to race after her. He pulled up beside her and she promptly flinched away from him. It her his feelings a little that she was afraid of him. It wasn't like he had been that one that went after her in the first place, not to mention he had never even hurt a fly. He couldn't even play defense in football because he was too afraid to hurt someone. She didn't even let him speak before she just told him she would finish the project alone. There was no way Annabeth was going to go through that every day just to avoid a little bit of work. She could do it all without that much extra trouble and just add his name to the top. It seemed like a win-win situation to her. Percy looked down at her with sad eyes. He made sure to tell her how sorry he was about what had happened with his girlfriend, and that he had no idea that she would do that. Percy also made sure that Annabeth knew that it would never happen again; they had broken up. He offered her a ride home. Annabeth tried to decline, but Percy had already taken her backpack and was headed to his car. He had a nice car. Well at seventeen anything is a nice car, but this was nicer than what most of his friends drove. It was a large blue pick-up with only one row of bench seats. Annabeth stopped to apricate the car, these were her favorite kind, but she didn't say anything about it. Annabeth quietly gave Percy directions without ever making eye contact with him. Percy knew that there was nothing he could do, but he still wished that she'd just look at him. She was ashamed as he came to her house. Annabeth knew that he was well off, and she was nowhere near even middle class. Her house was small and on the wrong side of town, Annabeth doubted Percy had ever been over to this side of town. If she had thought that she had been embarrassed before it was nothing compared to now. Annabeth let out a soft thanks before darting into the house. Percy watched her and sighed, she as nervous about him judging her even though there had been nothing to judge. Percy smiled as he drove past his best friend's house on the way out of the neighborhood. He cowered as his father loomed over him. Percy knew that the blow was going to come soon. This is what he got for skipping football practice to take Annabeth home. He had no idea how his father had found out, but at this point Percy wanted to strangle whoever told him. Percy crouched there wishing that he had been given a different life, one that had less pain and more love, but not everyone got dealt good cards in life. He just had to learn how to live with the cards he had been dealt, and that was the way it was. There was no hiding the bruises from this beating, it had been bad. He always told his team they were from when he was hit on the field. There was no way they bought it, but no one ever asked any questions too afraid of what the real answer may be. Tonight was one of the worst nights because tonight there was a reason. Usually it was only because he dropped a pass or because he hadn't gotten enough plays, but this was different. It was entirely his fault. He fell to the ground and let out a cry praying for it to end. She walked into school with her head down. Annabeth had tried to stay home, but her mother wouldn't allow it. Annabeth saw Percy with his friends, but something was off. He looked pained. It wasn't all that noticeable, but she saw the way he stood, and it wasn't the same as usual. His best friend, Grover, kept sending him nervous glances as if they were in on some joke that no one got, but the joke wasn't funny. Annabeth knew what had happened before she even made it to her locker. It was the same way her mother stood after her father had beaten her. He sighed as the day continued. No one could see the markings, but Percy felt like he had a sign on his head advertising his entire story. His last class was the class he had with Annabeth. When she walked in she looked at him and the nervous feeling came back. It was like she saw right through him, and he was pretty sure that she did. The class was basically them talking about the project they had yet to start. They didn't get much done during that time either, but at the end Annabeth gave him a look. She told him she knew what happened and of he needed anything to tell her. Percy told her he had no clue what she was talking about, but neither of them believed it. Annabeth gave him one last look and reminded him that not everyone was as simple as they seemed, even her. She smiled as she walked to her bus that day. She had been confident, but not vicious. To Annabeth it was a very fine line; a line she had seen both ends of. The look on Percy's face as she walked out was priceless. She wondered how often he went through what he did, but there was