|AN|: Hello everybody! I've finally finished the story that I wanted to write so, so, so badly. I hope you'll be happy with the results of my hard work. It's probably the longest one-shot ever, but I didn't have the heart to split it into chapters. Please forgive me for that. So, I kinda lost my smut virginity with this fanfic, so please be gentle with your opinions about the smut part. I hope it's not bad. It's also my very first AU story. This story is, more or less loosely, based on the lyrics of the song Home by Edward Sharpe and The Magnetic Zeros. If you know the song or listen to it before reading this story, you'll easily catch the moments where the lyric is used. I want to apologize for all mistakes that you'll surely find in this work. Firstly the tipical grammar, vocabulary and stuff, since it's not a beta version. Secondly, I used a lot of places to write this fic and I haven't seen any of them, unfortunately, so I apologize for every place that I could end up describing completely wrong. Well... I hope it's not as horrible as it sounds. I'm waiting for your opinion. DISCLAIMER: I don't own anything you can recognize from neither, The Hunger Games universe nor the lyrics of Home. WARNING: This story is rated M because of sexual content. "Home" by Edward Sharpe and The Magnetic Zeros Alabama, Arkansas, I do love my Ma and Pa Not the way that I do love you Well, holy moly me oh my You're the apple of my eye Girl, I've never loved one like you Man, oh, man, you're my best friend I scream it to the nothingness There ain't nothing that I need Well, hot and heavy pumpkin pie Chocolate candy, Jesus Christ Ain't nothing please me more than you [Chorus:] Home, let me come home Home is wherever I'm with you Home, let me come home Home is wherever I'm with you La la la la Take me home Mama, I'm coming home I'll follow you into the park, Through the jungle, through the dark Girl, I've never loved one like you Moats and boats, and waterfalls, Alleyways, and payphone calls I been everywhere with you (that's true) Laugh until we think we'll die, Barefoot on a summer night Never could be sweeter than with you And in the streets you run afree, Like it's only you and me, Geez, you're something to see. [Chorus] La la la la Take me home Mama, I'm coming home ‒ Jade? ‒ Alexander? ‒ Do you remember that day you fell outta my window? ‒ I sure do‒you came jumping out after me. ‒ Well, you fell on the concrete, nearly broke your ass, and you were bleeding all over the place, and I rushed you out to the hospital, you remember that? ‒ Yes, I do. ‒ Well, there's something I never told you about that night. ‒ What didn't you tell me? ‒ Well, while you were sitting in the back seat smoking a cigarette you thought was gonna be your last, I was falling deep, deeply in love with you, and I never told you 'til just now! [Chorus] Home, let me come home, Home is wherever I'm with you Our home, yes, I am home, Home is when I'm alone with you Alabama, Arkansas, I do love my Ma and Pa Moats and boats, and waterfalls, Alleyways, and payphone calls Home is when I'm alone with you! Home is when I'm alone with you. Geeze, you're something to see. They were in Alabama, when he decided that it's finally the time. After all of those yeas of the best friendship that anyone could've imagined, after all of those years of pretending that it's just that- friendship, he realized that it's finally the time to tell her, to admit that he's in love with her, that he probably always was. They were in Arkansas two weeks later and he still didn't do it. Maybe he was a wimp, but he was terrified. Terrified that she didn't feel the same way about him, terrified of the consequences of telling her. What if she wouldn't want to be his friend anymore if she found out the true nature of his feelings? What if instead of making them something more, he will lose her for good? He couldn't let that happen. It was quarter past midnight and they were spending the night in a crappy, cheap motel room at the suburbs of Little Rock. They shared a room and more importantly a bed, but they've done it so many times since they were kids that it wasn't anything unusual for them. As a matter of fact, he was sure he always slept a lot better with her beside him. What used to be their pajama parties when they were kids, soon turned into study nights or after party sleepovers, sometimes movie nights or x-box nights. Even ice-cream-eating, romance-watching, boys/girls-hating after breakup nights. There wasn't a lot of the last ones though, since both of them barely had any serious relationships. He just realized that it always felt wrong, being with anybody beside her. Every relationship ended for him the moment the girl found out, that the most important person for him is not her but his best friend, and couldn't accept that. He had never regretted breaking up with somebody because of her. When he was younger, he thought it was just because he didn't like anybody telling him who to be friends with, but now he realized, that it was because he'd never needed any other woman in his life besides his best friend. He couldn't sleep. While she was driving for the past couple of hours, he took quite a long nap in the passenger seat. Plus now, when he started to think about his feelings, he couldn't calm his mind enough to fall asleep. He looked to his right where she slept peacefully with her hair curly from the braid she wore for a whole day and her lips slightly open. Over the years he noticed that she always slept with a pillow snugly against her chest, her arms tightly around it. When they were kids it was her stuffed green turtle but even now, as an adult, she still couldn't let go of the habit of hugging something while she slept. He wished it was him she had her arms wrapped around instead of the motel pillow. He started to wonder, for the billionth time that night, if maybe she had the same feelings for him that he had for her, but was slightly scared of voicing them as well. He knew that she loved him, that was for sure. She told him that on several occasions, but he always thought she meant it as a friendship/family love. Not romantic love. He thought about one moment though, when he wasn't so sure about that. If he had enough courage that day, maybe their relationship would be different now. It was right after the first breakup in her life. She had a broken heart. It was evident in her grey eyes that were glossy for the whole evening. She refused to cry though, she usually did and she would definitely never allow herself to cry because of some stupid boy. They just started high-school when a friend and neighbor of hers, with whom she used to play in their backyards as a child, decided to tell her that he loved her. She was uncertain of her feelings towards him, at least that was what she confessed to her best friend, but it didn't change the fact that she was miserable after she got into a fight with that boy- Gale, after she caught him kissing another girl. She broke up with him after she punched him in the face and he said it was all her fault and accused her of being a crappy girlfriend. The evening after that happened, she was eating a whole batch of cookies that her best friend prepared with his dad in their family bakery, questioning if she even was a good girlfriend material. He had told her multiple times that she was a great girl and Gale and her probably just weren't meant to be together, but it was hard to convince her anyway. Later she was sitting in the living room of his childhood home while he heated up some mac and cheese for them to eat for dinner. "Boys are assholes." He stated, making her laugh for the first time that day. "I thought you were a boy." She replied and he shrugged nonchalantly. "I'm your best friend, though. I don't count." She frowned at his back in deep though. "But you would never do that to a girl, right? You wouldn't kiss one while being with another, even if you thought that relationship wasn't working out." She asked, already knowing the answer. Of course he wouldn't do that. Her best friend was the best person she'd ever known. "No, I wouldn't." He replied honestly. "You are such a good boyfriend material." She stated, but when he looked over his arm, he noticed that she had a slightly horrified look on her face and decided that she probably didn't meant to say it out loud. He didn't want her to feel uncomfortable so he decided to turn it into a joke. He laughed a bit placing a plate with mac and cheese in front of her. She looked at it with disgust written all over her face. "I'm not. I'm a crappy cook." He replied with a smile and she laughed, starting to eat anyway. That was the truth many years later as well. While he was a brilliant baker, he never was a good cook. As a matter of fact he was a terrible cook and somehow she was even worse. "Oh my God, that's disgusting." She said scrunching her nose at the taste. He crossed his arms across his chest. "Well, if you wanted a homemade meal, you should have gone home to eat and share your misery with your parents, not with the old non-cooking me." He teased faking being hurt by her words. She looked at him strangely and released a short sarcastic snort in response. "Thank you very much. I would rather eat mac and cheese for the rest of my life with you." It wasn't that she didn't love her parents or something, she just couldn't imagine herself talking with them about her breakup. It just felt wrong. "I love my ma and pa, but certainly not the way I love you." She explained, because it seemed to be the only logical explanation for her at that time. He on the other hand was suddenly caught off guard. He tried to blame her words and acts on her slightly vulnerable state that evening but it didn't stop his mind from wondering. She was vulnerable and not herself, but were the things she was saying really because of the Gale situation or did she mean, what he thought she meant? Was he seeing more into it than there was? He could have asked her what she meant by that statement, but he cowered back and simply let the stupid grin appear on his face again when he replied. "Awww, you know you're the apple of my eye! I've never loved one like you as well!" She looked at him, not quite sure if he was turning everything into a joke or if he was saying it seriously. They talked about their feelings very rarely, always assuming that acts were saying much more than words. That day though, she wasn't so sure if just acts or just words are always enough. He guessed she was a coward too, because she said nothing. She simply smiled back at him. A couple of days after they