Jean's P.O.V. It was exactly a week before September first, and I simply can't wait to go to Hogwarts. I was sat in the lavish parlour of the Malfoy Manor, awaiting my friend Tiffany. It was apparent from her squealing howlers and jittery letters that she was absolutely ecstatic to start. Today my Aunt Narcissa would be taking us to Diagon Alley to obtain our supplies for our first year at Hogwarts. I heard the doorbell ring from where I was sitting, and about a half minute later Dobby entered with Tiffany trailing behind, her scowl burning holes into my forehead. "Well, don't get up to greet me," She said nastily, blue eyes cutting like ice. "Stop being a bitch and sit your arse down, Aunt Narcissa and Draco will be down shortly," I responded, earning her infamous goofy grin. I was sitting lazily on a deep red couch accented with ornate golden designs. Tiffany plopped down next to me and took the list out of my hands, looking it over. A moment later Aunt Narcissa came down the large staircase as elegant as ever. She was a picture of utter beauty, especially in this house filled with dark temperaments. Her hair was as full as every girl dreamed, her face clean of wrinkles and imperfections. "Alright girls, let's go. Draco will meet us at home after, as he wishes to wait for Lucius to take him," she smiled knowingly. It was no secret that Draco was the ultimate 'daddy's boy'. Tiffany jumped up and turned, grabbing my outstretched hand and pulling me up off the couch. "Lazy bum," she muttered. I yanked my hand from hers once I was on my feet and swatted her. She hissed, a normal response, one sometimes accompanied with choice language when it came to her. Tiffany White was easily the first person I would bring with me if I was going to drown in a volcano; In the sense that she is my best friend, of course. We are practically joined at the hip. Every day she lept over the hedges and streaked across the yard to Malfoy Manor. I couldn't always always see her before I heard her, or that is heard her feet pounding across the green . Today, Tiffany's mom used Side-Along Apparition, so she wasn't winded by the time she reached the manor, her energy was better saved for the day's events. They did not like my family at all, but being the rebellious girl she is, Tiffany would demand to see me over hell or high water. There is no way to win an argument with her. Trust me, I've tried. Starting to walk towards the fireplace across the large room, Tiffany looped her arm in mine and gave me a cheeky smile, when it comes to her it's hard to resist smiling back. We walked with a spring in our step to the fireplace where Aunt Narcissa was grinning. She shoved a handful of Floo Powder into our hands, and we entered the fireplace. "Diagon Alley," Tiffany and I said together. A flash of green smoke surrounded us, and we arrived at our destination. Exiting the fireplace, we could hardly contain ourselves from running off before Aunt Narcissa stepped out. "Jean, I haven't gone shopping for Hogwarts in almost twenty years. You need to remind me where to go first," Aunt Narcissa said her eyes wandering around the alley. She tried to take in all the hustle and bustle she hadn't seen in years, I tried to imagine the way it must all seem to her, surreal. "Well, first on the list is robes, so I think Madame Malkin's would be the place to go," I replied, followed by Tiffany nodding. She looked down at her list, bright blue eyes scanning the page with fervour. "What're you looking at, Tiff?" Her head snapped up, "Just memorising the list," I rolled my eyes and laughed. Tiffany has this freaky ability to memorise sequences of words and sounds, and keep them locked in a far corner of her mind. It almost makes me think she would be in Ravenclaw. Almost. "Done," Tiffany announced looking up from the list and tucking it neatly in the back pocket of her jeans. She tapped her black hightop converse on the cobblestone ground, "Ready when you are," another cheeky grin. Again we slung arms and strode out into the street of Diagon Alley, Aunt Narcissa trailing behind, trying to give us a sense of independence and maturity. The cobbled streets echoed with passerby chatter and street merchants trying to sell lollies to little kids. The smell of yesterday's rain still hung in the air like a heavy blanket, droplets of water spilling from flower boxes that couldn't be seen, plopping on Tiffany's nose. She sneezed quite violently, and a portly woman next to her asked her if she wanted a hankie. She declined. We got to Madame Malkin's and pushed the door open. A bell sounded throughout the shop, sending a shiver down my spine. A skinny old woman greeted us and led us through the store to the back. She showed us how to stand on the podiums and started my fitting, while a younger and curvier woman came out and started Tiffany's. I had to stifle a giggle when Tiffany started mumbling about the lady touching her in "Off limits areas" and "My flipping privacy". They finished taking our measurements fairly quickly, considering the fact that they didn't use magic, and directed us to a bench on the other side of the room. About forty-five minutes later, the old woman came back out with six sets of robes and two winter cloaks. They were ironed and sealed in plastic, maintaining the cleanliness. I couldn't help but smile as I reached out and grabbed my clothing from the woman. "You can find hats and dragon hide gloves on the shelf just there," the woman said with a kind voice, scurrying back behind the curtain the other lady originally came out from. Tiffany and I practically ran to the shelves the girl had pointed to. We carefully picked out our sizes and walked up to the younger woman who was waiting patiently for us. "Thank you so much for all your help, how much?" Aunt Narcissa asked the woman. "Ten galleons for the three sets, five for the winter cloak, and another five for the hat and dragon hide gloves. So twenty galleons in total, I believe," the woman said with her hand outstretched. Tiffany and Aunt Narcissa each dropped twenty galleons into the woman's hand and we departed. We stepped back out into the cobbled streets, and once again waited for Aunt Narcissa to come behind us. "Where to next?" Aunt Narcissa questioned. I took out my list and opened my mouth to speak, but when I raised my head Tiffany was nowhere to be found. Aunt Narcissa and I looked around, struggling to find her through the mass of people. That is, until I spotted her blonde hair flying. "Books!" She yelled over her shoulder, grinning. I rolled my eyes and gave chase, our feet pounding against the street. We weaved through the crowd until Flourish and Blotts was in our sight. We ignored the stares. "I reckon you better run faster before you're known as a slowpoke," Tiffany said, prodding my shoulder, "It doesn't really suit you." "Oh shut up. Let's get our books." We both pushed the door to the popular bookstore, making a beeline for the books we needed. As Tiffany recieted, curse her memory, Standard Book of Spells (Grade one) by Miranda Goshawk, A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot, Magical Theory style="font-size: 22pt;"by Adalbert Waffling, A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch, One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi style="font-size: 22pt;"by Phyllida Spore, Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsentius Jigger, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them style="font-size: 22pt;"by Newt Scamander, and The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble. Once we found all the needed books, Tiffany and I made our way over to the checkout. We both plunked our books down on the wooden counter, the noise echoing through the store. I looked over my shoulder and spied Aunt Narcissa's familiar pretty face. She was slowly making her way over to us, stopping to look at books that were interesting to her but would bore me to death. I felt a jab in my ribs, and when I looked back over to the culprit - Tiffany - she had a frown on her face. She jerked her head to the register. "Oh, right, sorry. How much?" I asked, my cheeks flushing. "Eight Galleons, dear," The lady's curly white hair bobbled as she spoke. I felt Aunt Narcissa coming up behind and handing over the amount due, smiling politely. I smiled as well, thanking the lady and stepping back, Aunt Narcissa's hand on my shoulder. My Aunt had conveniently brought bags for us to carry out supplies in, only adding to how gracious I was to have her. She certainly wasn't the type you could picture with the last name Malfoy. When Tiffany was done paying her dues and packing her books away, we exited the shop. I didn't need to memorise the list to know what was next. "Wands!" Tiffany and I said in unison. Aunt Narcissa gave a knowing smile, and ushered us down to Ollivanders. Soon enough we found ourselves in front of Diagon Alley's sole wand shop, the peeling gold letters above the door read Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382 B.C. . Tiffany took in a shaky breath, attempting to nullify her excitement as she opened the door. The bell echoed throughout the musty, dimly lit shop. After that, all was silent. Aunt Narcissa was patiently waiting outside. It was a good minute before Tiffany dared to speak. "Hello, is anyone there?" She asked, her words appeared to fall on deaf ears until we heard the sound of wheels grinding on rails. The ladder rolled to a stop at the end of a shelf, and Mr. Ollivander's flyaway grey hair was as spoofed as ever. His wise eyes twinkled. "First Years, no doubt. Come, come," Mr. Ollivander made his way down the ladder and behind his desk in a matter of seconds, beckoning Tiffany to step forward. I personally couldn't wait to see what kind of damage she would cause, taking her temper and spunk into consideration. Mr. Ollivander scurried down one of the numerous shelves. He pulled a dusty brown box out, any simple muggle would think it to be a jewelry box, or some sort of present, but it held a wizard's greatest asset. A wand. I scanned the room with great interest. Hundreds and hundreds of wands lined the walls. The only thing resembling a decoration were four wands sitting atop a plush, purple velvet cushion, save for a spindly chair in the far corner. Ollivander's wands were easily the best in quality. My attention was brought back to Tiffany when I saw Mr. Ollivander reappear from the shelves. "Here, try this," Mr. Ollivander said kindly, taking the lid off gently and handing the wand to Tiffany. Mr. Ollivander described it as Fir, 12 1/2", with a Unicorn tail hair core. Vines bearing thorns were crafted carefully at the base, spiraling up to about 6". Fitting, actually. The second Tiffany's hand touch the wand, a strange feeling seeped into the marrow of my bones and spread itself across the room. Judging from the look on Mr. Ollivander's wrinkled features, he felt it too. It only lasted a second. Tiffany's blue eyes snapped open, and the feeling dissipated. Only then did I realise she closed them. Mr. Ollivander smiled brightly, taking the wand gently and placing it back in its box. She handed him seven Galleons, and thanked him profusely. Next, Mr. Ollivander looked at me with an unreadable expression. He examined me up and