Daphne. 1 Disclaimer This is a work of fanfiction. I make no claims of ownership over these characters and settings. J. K. Rowling owns Daphne Greengrass, Harry Potter and other characters. No profit is made from this work. Forword. This tale starts in the summer after GoF. It will be a canon divergent tale. Everything that happened in the books prior to this tale happened. So it is not AU but divergent. This tale will be from Daphne's POV so unless I explicitly contradict it the events of OotP will happen as JKR described them. This will be a long story. I intend for it to go on post Hogwarts. However expect some time jumps. How long this will take for me to write I have no idea. At the moment it's taking me close to one month to write a chapter. Rating is a T. In my head that allows swearing, mild violence and sex references. XXXXX Daphne poured a little gun oil onto the rag before using the stick to force it down the barrels of her gun. First the right then the left. The smell of gun oil was the smell of home to her. Another two years she could get measured for her own but Purdey had been definite, they wouldn't even consider it until she had stopped growing. As it took them eighteen months to craft one she would have outgrown it before they were finished. At five foot six for the last year Daphne considered it reasonable to say she had reached her full height but the gun makers had their rules and while she had pushed, it was obvious they were unyielding on this. Her father had watched amused from the side-lines only intervening when he believed she was on the verge of being black listed by the craftsmen. So for now she cleaned her grandmother's side by side twin hammer before returning it to its place in the cabinet. She sneezed, and then again. Glancing around to see she was alone before hawking and spitting in a most unladylike manner. Plucking pheasants was a job she hated but it had been made clear to her if she wanted to take the guns out and shoot then she would have the burden of cleaning the guns and cleaning the birds. She was about to spit again when an elf appeared causing the feathers to fly out on the edge of displaced air. 'Mistress Daphne." The elves ears dropped in a disappointed manner. "Lord Greengrass wishes to speak to you." Daphne paused to take in her own appearance, the mud smeared jodhpurs, at least she hoped it was mud. Her blouse that had translucent spots with oil and over everything was a covering of feathers. "Could you ask my father if I have time to wash or should I go straight there?" She watched Smeatle disappear. He acted as her father's factor on the estate. In most matters he spoke for her father but when it came to the family he was more cautious. Although the fact be had returned to ask showed her father's mood. Smeatle popped back in. "He says you have an hour. He will be waiting in his study. He told me to tell you this will be a business meeting." Daphne nodded her head in thanks but her mind was already spinning. It was a rare event for her to be allowed into the study but for her father to call her for a meeting was a unique circumstance. X She gave herself a final check in the mirror before stepping out of the room. The dark formal robe made her blond hair seem brighter. The ends curled up slightly, a sign she had dried her hair too quickly. Her robe open at the front showed a muggle style white blouse beneath. She knew some of her father's friends would not approve but Cygnus Greengrass moved effortlessly between the two worlds. Their history in the wizard world brought them respect; their muggle holdings brought the Greengrass family wealth. She gathered herself outside the heavy dark oak door, taking a deep breath she knocked and waited. The door opened to her father's study, and she looked around slowly. While this wasn't her first time in there, both she and Astoria had dared each other to sneak into the room when they had been younger, this was the first she felt able to look around. Dark woods and leather were the dominant themes. High book cases hugged the walls and leather bound books sat upon them. The desk was definitely mahogany, the patina of hundreds of years of use had coloured the wood. Behind the desk sat a winged back chair and on that hair sat her father. Lord Greengrass, although all it entitled him to was a vote on the Wizengamot and the respect of people who cared about such things. He was in his early fifties and the grey on his close cut hair added to his air of authority. "Sorry for the delay father, I was cleaning the guns" "I understand, that's as you've been taught but it's time to put away childish things." Daphne hid a smile. "Guns are not usually called childish things." "You are not a usual child and a Greengrass as well. However I'm afraid that events have closed in on us. It's time for you to start your real education." He paused to gather himself and in those moments Daphne read a host of emotions run across his face regret seemed to win the battle. "Daphne, the head of the family has one primary responsibility?" He looked questioningly. "The survival of the family." She answered on rote. "Exactly. As such sometimes one makes decisions that you don't personally agree with, or you find yourself in a situation where all choices seem bad. This is one such time. You will be the next head of the family and the choices I face affect you directly in your immediate future." He rose from behind the desk and looked out of the window. "Some history first. Before you were born as I'm sure you well know society underwent a civil war. It started as small acts of terrorism by the time it ended it looked as if society was ready to collapse. Wizards at war, we have such terrible weapons. Someone would speak out against the dark forces when he returned home his wife would kill him where he stood. The imperious is a terrifying weapon, no one trusted anyone. The acts of violence were the worst you could imagine and often carried out on one family member by another. I started as a voice against the death eaters and their cause, then I stayed silent. Then when faced with them directly, when your mother was pregnant, when I found myself standing over her with a knife in my hand knowing I'd been imperioused but not knowing how I got there I buckled. The next time I was told to vote a certain way I did. Knowing that your mother's life and your yet unborn life hung by the thread of my obedience, I gave in." Daphne felt a growing gnawing horror as she watched her father who had been a tower of strength in her eyes admit that he had given into blackmail. "The end of this story you know. The Dark Lord tried to kill Potter and the cockroaches scurried back under rocks claiming they too were innocent victims." "I also know that since then you have diversified our family business and we work as much on the muggle side of the divide as magical and we employ muggleborns whenever possible. " Daphne interjected into his monologue "All true and all done to try and offset my guilt for that year when I let them control me. Now however I face the same situation again. I was approached at the start of this week, The Dark Lord is back, they claim and I believe them because without him backing them they wouldn't dare face me. Their demands go even further than last time." Daphne felt her temper rise. The only outward sign of this was a slight tightening around the eyes. "Can't we just tell them to go to hell?" "For a time but if it leads to war again and we directly oppose them then they aren't known for their mercy." "So what do they want, what are their demands?" "A formal allegiance between our house and the Malfoy's" Daphne felt an icy pit open up in her stomach. Her suddenly clammy hands pushed against the arms of the chair she sat in. She didn't throw her tea cup across the room, she never uttered one of the curses that stood at the forefront of her mind. Instead she heard herself speak calmly. "If you will excuse me father." She never even slammed the door as she left the study. It was with a calm voice she called for an elf and told him to ensure the stable hands had her horse saddled. She paused in her room only to change to riding boots before striding through the house to the stables. Her dappled mare was saddled up for her and she swung herself into the saddle with barley a glance at the stable boy who had been holding the horse ready for her. She knew her destination but for the moment she rode, passing all her fury and anger into the act of urging her horse on. The horse was already at a full gallop as she thundered over the moat. She felt tears fall from the wind in her face and her own emotions allowed to run free. She reigned in her horse and allowed her to walk back towards the hall although home wasn't her destination, she was heading for the little folly tower that had been her destination even when she had ridden past it at full gallop. She allowed herself to slump and fall out of the saddle rather than her usual elegant dismount. There was no excuse of the wind as she wept and punched at the ground. "A formal alliance." She spat the words out. "Never." Her horse came over and nuzzled her and she then looked up to see it shiver in its own sweat. She cursed her own selfishness and ripped a strip from her robe and began to rub down her horse, her anger had overcome her training, she should have walked the animal longer, and taken care of her immediately, as it was her mare was on the verge of cramping and getting chills. Her duty as a rider was to care for her mount, which was what she did ripping another stretch of material from her robe. Her first duty as the next head of the family was to the family survival not her own cares or feelings. Once she had her horse warm and dry she sat back and against the cold stone of the folly. This was her normal place of relaxation but not this time, her brow creased with thought all that she do from now must be for the survival of the family. Not her own selfish whims. With this thought clear in her head she walked her mare back to the stables, this time speaking and asking the groom to care for her mount, normally something she would do herself but Cygnus Greengrass would only wait for so long before his patience waned. She called for Smeatle and waited, as her father's personnel elf he was under no obligation to respond to a call from her. She let out a breath she didn't know she'd been holding when he popped in front of her. "Miss Daphne?" "Is my father available to continue our meeting?" "Yes Miss Daphne, he's waiting in his study." Daphne felt her mouth dry as she nodded her thanks to the elf. Her