For all the years that he had been a pariah, a prisoner in the Dursley's home, he had never thought he would feel anything even coming to a sense of relief for being there. However, following the events of his fifth year at Hogwarts, Harry was more than grateful to be away from the world that he had come to treasure more than anything, the only place where he ever felt like he belonged. The anger that possessed him in Dumbledore's office had not completely subsided, but he had managed to push it into the background. Unfortunately, the anger had given way to an ache in his chest, a feeling of emptiness, of guilt. Sirius had represented a real link to his parents, to his family, that he had never had before. The Dursleys were poor excuses for humans, let alone family, and though he had great respect and affection for Remus, they had never shared the same closeness that Harry had felt with Sirius. Deep down, Harry knew, that a part of him held resentment for the fact that Remus had never sought him out after his parent's deaths. Harry sympathized with Sirius' need to hunt the man who had sold out his best friends, but Remus had never been inhibited through incarceration the same way. Now Sirius was gone, partly due to Harry's own impulsiveness, however well meaning. While Voldemort had seemingly abandoned his forays into Harry's thoughts, those thoughts were now plagued with constant replays of the painful moments from the Department of Mysteries. Then there was the fact that some old crazy woman claiming to be a seer, but more likely drunk on sherry in Harry's opinion, had spoken a prophecy which a dark lord was using as fuel to pursue Harry's death. His friends did their best in their letters to offer sympathy, or supportive words, but words could only do so much, especially considering he hadn't yet told them about the prophecy. Harry tried valiantly to distract himself. He avoided the news, both muggle and wizard. Instead he spent his time doing the best version of Hermione he could, practically memorizing his magical textbooks. Some of it was so frustratingly difficult to understand, that it was almost effective at distracting him from his memories. At least he was being productive. When he wasn't holed up in Dudley's old bedroom, he was outside doing whatever chore he could find...cutting the grass, pulling weeds, trimming bushes. The weather that summer was unseasonably hot, and usually Harry was the only one outside, and not in the comforting embrace of air conditioning. The Dursleys did not even have to prompt him to do it. He was outside so often that Uncle Vernon had warned him against dropping dead from heat stroke on the front lawn. Harry knew the man wasn't actually concerned for his safety, but for the unnecessary attention that would come from having to remove his body from the yard. Appearances were still everything in the Dursley household. He had just finished the lawn once again, for the second time that week. The sun was blaring down on him, and his shirt was completely glued to his body with perspiration. After putting the mower away, he slid into the house and went into the kitchen to get a drink. As his luck would have it, all three of the Dursleys were at the table, just tucking into their evening meal. "Finished the lawn again, did you?" Vernon grumbled, digging his fork into a piece of roast in the middle of the table. "Yes, Uncle Vernon," Harry responded. He pulled a glass out of the cupboard and filled it with water from the sink. As soon it filled, he threw it back in one go. "Are those other freak friends of yours still outside our home?" "I'm sure they are, Uncle." Harry didn't really know that for a fact, but he had little doubt that the Order was still keeping watch over him, especially now with Voldemort officially returned and operating in the open. "Not that I lament having the most well maintained yard on the street, but I'd rather not have the freaks show up at my door again complaining that we're mistreating you. Maybe give it a week next time? We've barely had a drop of rain, so god knows it's not actually growing." Harry simply shrugged. He would find something else to distract his mind. "Whatever you say, Uncle. Do you mind if I take something to eat to my room?" Aunt Petunia looked at his haggard, sweaty state, and scrunched her nose in her normal judgmental way. Without a word to him, she placed a little-"little" being the key word-of everything on a plate and handed it to him. Harry accepted it with a brief nod of thanks. That was how he and his relatives had managed to get along since returning from Hogwarts. There was an air of forced politeness on both sides, with the Dursleys and he staying out of each other's way for the most part. Granted, the Dursleys were only doing it because they were afraid that Mad-Eye would show up one night and murder them in their beds, but progress was progress as far as Harry was concerned. Upon entering his bedroom, he noticed Hedwig sitting on his windowsill with a letter attached to her leg. Her attention was not on him, however, but on the sleek black owl that was currently occupying her cage, and drinking from her water bowl. Sitting his food down, Harry wandered over to the cage and extracted the rolled parchment from the owl's leg. "I don't mind if you stick around mate, but I would probably vacate the cage before my owl does so by force." Hedwig ruffled her feathers after that, apparently to seal the threat. The visiting owl heeded the warning, darting out of the cage and then through the window into the dwindling daylight. He glanced down at the rolled parchment in his hand, surprised to see a Gringotts seal on it. Opening it, he immediately began to read and realized that the contents were likely to do nothing to improve his mood. Dear Mr. Harry J. Potter, We write to you in regard to the recent passing of Sirius Black. Mr. Black died without any children. However, he named you as his sole heir, and heir to the Head of the Black household, with all assets, properties, and responsibilities that come with said position. We apologize for not contacting you sooner, but due to Mr. Black's fugitive status with the Ministry of Magic, and the age and size of the Black Estate, there were many formalities and contestations that needed to be properly addressed. Rest assured, that all outstanding matters have been settled, and you are now entitled to access all Black vaults and properties managed by Gringotts Bank. As these holdings are extensive, please feel free to contact Gringotts with any questions you may have, or any assistance you may require. We look forward to continuing to serve the House of Black's financial needs into the future, as we have done for centuries. As a final matter, attached to Mr. Black's Last Will and Testament was a key. Unfortunately, no further information about the key's purpose was provided by Mr. Black, and Gringotts was not able locate or discern anything about its origin. The key is attached to this letter. We wish you better luck in discovering its purpose. Regards, Gringotts Bank Harry read through the letter several times, each time only serving to verify the fact that Sirius was dead. He hadn't really needed a reminder. The rest was just money, something that he already had plenty of. It would do him no good if Voldemort caught up with him, and sent him to an early grave. Though, the notion that he, Harry Potter, was now the Head of House Black, gave him some satisfaction, because he knew that there were purebloods out there that would be furious and offended. Sirius continued to annoy people even in death. Mischief had been managed. Suddenly, his attention was drawn to the key, which he hadn't even realized had fallen onto his lap when he opened the letter. It wasn't large, but looked to be considerably old. It was made of smooth, perfectly carved stone, with a red jewel in the handle. As Harry looked closer, he noticed that there looked to be something glowing within the jewel. He brought it right up to his eye level and saw what he could only describe as a gold, glowing triangle. He had absolutely no idea what it meant. And if Sirius hadn't seen fit to tell him, he doubted he would ever know. He thought that maybe he would ask Remus the next time he saw him. Storing the Gringotts missive and key in his trunk for safekeeping, Harry relieved Hedwig of her own delivery. He recognized his name written in Hermione's neat scrawl. She had written to wish him a Happy Birthday, promising to give him his gift in person, as she feared it would be too much of a burden for Hedwig to carry. Harry finished reading, and immediately dropped down so that he was sitting on his bed. He laughed when he realized that he completely overlooked the fact that it was July 31st. He had forgotten it was his birthday. He was officially sixteen years old today. Turning around he suddenly noticed that there were other parcels and letters on his pillow, which must have been left earlier. Obviously more birthday greetings. The fact that he had managed to forget his own birthday was a bit of a wake up call to him. He knew he needed to get his head together. There was no use wallowing anymore, as it wouldn't help him meet the reality that was the return of Lord Voldemort. His parents were dead. Sirius was dead. But he was alive, and his friends were alive, and that was reason enough to carry on. Feeling more composed, and with a better sense of purpose, he practically inhaled his dinner, then showered away the evidence of the day's labor. Clean, fed, and exhausted, he settled into his bed, transfiguration book opened to where he had left off the previous night. He was dead set on actually impressing Professor McGonagall when term started. Making it through two chapters, he began to feel his eyes fighting him to stay open. Thinking he could make it through a few more pages, he read on, only to drift off one sentence in. He had been asleep for only a few hours, when he woke suddenly. At first he thought he had been having a nightmare, but he couldn't recollect dreaming about anything at all. It was now fully dark outside, and the household was quiet, except for the normal thrum and clanks that plagued a house at night. The clock next to his bed read fifteen minutes before midnight. As he hadn't expected to drift off so suddenly, the bedroom light was still shining. Making sure to save the page in his book, he swung his legs over the side of the bed and headed for the light switch. Harry was half way there when he felt something odd. He would have sworn that the floor beneath him had shaken. Stopping for a few seconds, he waited, but felt nothing. Shrugging and dismissing it as an illusory manifestation of his tired state, he moved again towards the light. Two more steps forward, and the next thing Harry knew, he was on the ground holding his hand over ringing ears, and wincing at the pain in his back where his body had impacted the floor. He was confused about what had just happened, but then a flash of orange shone through the window, a boom like thunder sounded, and the ground shook again. Harry shook his head to try