WARNING! This is something I've been working on on AFF and thought I would bring it here and see how well it's received. It is rated "Mature" for a reason, as you will no doubt guess from this chapter. It's also going to get pretty dark, so if there is anything that you could find offensive, please proceed with caution. And know that, if you don't like this story, you don't have to read it. That's what the "back" button is for As she stood at the entrance into Slytherin House, Hermione still could not believe her friend had talked her into going. "We shouldn't be here," she said to the ginger haired girl standing next to her. Ginny waved a hand at her. "Oh rubbish!" she hissed. "You need this, Hermione. I swear if I have to sit through another session of 'Ron this. Or Ron that' I'm going to march into the boys' dormitories and hex him myself." She placed a hand on the older witch's shoulder. "You deserve better than him, Hermione. He's my brother, I know, but he's also a bit of an arse. He was too pampered by my mum and is used to getting his way all the time." "He doesn't even notice me, Gin," the Muggle born protested. "Merlin's pants! Hermione, I forbid you from even so much as mentioning him tonight!" the younger witch commanded. "I don't even know what you see in him. He can't even keep up with you half the time in conversations and he's always stuffing his face. I swear I…" The door to Slytherin House opened to reveal a boy who was about the same age as Hermione. He had dark brown skin and kept his hair neatly cropped against his head. Unlike the girls, he was still wearing his school uniform. He gave both the girls a once over and lifted an eyebrow. "You didn't have to dress up, you know," he informed them. "I've always said 'Go big or go home'," the young witch stated with a smile. "I do hope it's alright that I brought Hermione. She's been feeling a bit down and needed some time away from Gryffindor Tower." A slow smile spread across the Slytherin's face, flashing his teeth. "Three shots of firewhiskey says I don't really give a damn. The Gryffindor princess is always welcomed amongst us snakes," he said as he held the door open for them. "Come on in, if you dare." Hermione's eyes widened as she stepped through the door. She had never been in the Slytherin Common Room before. The one time she had the chance she had accidentally turned herself into some sort of cat person. Literally. She noticed how much of the room looked like the Gryffindor Common Room, though everything was draped in green and silver rather than red and gold. There was also a large semi sphere window where you could see out into the depths of the lake. The furniture was dark oak and black leather. The boy had been right about the dress code. Hermione almost felt silly in her short red dress and small heels as she saw most students were dressed much like the boy. Slytherin robes lay forgotten over the backs of chairs and couches. Movement from one of the couches caught Hermione's attention and she watched as Draco Malfoy rose from his lounging position and walk towards them. While he wasn't wearing his robes, Malfoy still wore his shirt and tie and his trousers. "When did we invite lions to our lair, Zabini?" the blond asked as he got closer. Hermione turned to the black boy Malfoy had addressed, the same boy who had let her and Ginny in. "I did," the boy confessed as he slung an arm over Ginny's shoulders. "Didn't think there'd be a problem, honestly." Malfoy's eyes narrowed as they shifted to Hermione. "Where're your boy toys, Granger?" he asked, folding his arms over his chest. "I don't have any 'boy toys'," she replied with a frown. "Don't Pothead and Weasel normally surround you like a couple of guards?" he asked. "Don't call them that," she growled. "And I don't need Harry or Ron to guard me." "If anything, they need her to guard them," Ginny joked. Malfoy stared at her for a moment and then grinned. "Well, this should be interesting," he commented. "Try not to hex my balls off, Granger. I would like to have kids someday." And he turned and started back to the couch he had been sitting on. "Breeder!" shouted a boy Hermione didn't recognize and the room started laughing. Malfoy returned to his position on the couch and picked up a glass of dark liquid that Hermione could only assume was some sort of alcohol. Ginny linked her arm with her friend and pulled her over to the couches where Malfoy and a bunch of other people sat. Most of the people sat cross legged on the floor and the ginger haired girl began to pull Hermione to sit with her. "Granger, you should come sit with me," Malfoy interrupted, causing both girls to look at him. Hermione's eyebrows furrowed. "Why in Merlin's name would I want to do that?" He raised his glass and pointed at her. "Because if you sit on the floor, everyone will see your knickers," he told her. Then he smirked. "Unless that is your angle, then, by all means." The Muggle born's eyes widened again as she moved quickly to sit next to the blond Pureblood. Zabini handed her a glass of what looked like the same dark liquid in Malfoy's glass. "What is this?" she asked curiously. "Fruit punch," Pansy Parkinson answered as she took a sip of her own drink. "What do you think it is? Just drink it, Granger." Malfoy chuckled as he took a pull from his own glass. Noticing the Muggle born hadn't tried hers yet, he leaned in closer to her. "Would you like someone to test it for you first?" he whispered in her ear. Hermione held back a shudder at the feel of his hot breath against her skin. She glanced at Ginny to ask for advice and nearly jumped at the sight before her. In the short time it took for Hermione to sit and accept a drink, Ginny had already begun a tonsil war with Zabini. Her eyebrows were raised in alarm. Leaning slightly away from Malfoy, the Muggle born looked at him. "I, uh..." She nodded and handed the glass to the blond. He smirked and took a sip from the glass. She watched him, mesmerized as his tongue slipped from between his lips to lick off the bit of liquid that had been left there. Then, without warning, he leaned in closer to her and kissed her. Hermione froze as she felt his lips move against hers. His tongue darted out to tease her bottom lip. She clenched her jaw and tried to pull away, but he just leaned in closer and cupped her jaw to prevent her from turning her face to the side. The smell of alcohol was strong on his breath and she ended up opening her mouth just a tiny bit so she could breathe. That had been a mistake as he took the opportunity and deepened the kiss. Tasting him wasn't nearly as bad as she thought it would be and soon she found herself melting into the kiss. She moaned into his mouth as she felt his tongue slid along hers. Finally, he broke the kiss and stared into her eyes. His thumb caressed her cheek tenderly and she didn't know whether to panic or lean forward for another kiss. She certainly hadn't expected it. "I've waited six years to do that," he confessed to her softly. He handed her back her drink. She didn't know how to respond, so she just sat there and stared at him like a deer caught in the headlights. "Merlin, Granger!" Parkinson said. "You act like that was the first time a bloke's ever kissed you." Hermione blinked and shook her head. "No," she replied, "but that is the first time…" her voice trailed off as she continued to stare at Malfoy. He smirked at her and leaned back, taking another pull from his glass. Still shocked, Hermione brought her own glass to her lips and took a sip from it. The liquid burned and she immediately started coughing. She leaned forward so that her head was above her knees as she continued to cough. She could feel a hand rubbing her back and knew it was Malfoy. She quickly got her coughing under control when she remembered that she hadn't worn a bra and feared Malfoy would know. Sitting back up, she saw the look in his eyes and knew that he knew, but to her surprise, he said nothing about it. "Anyone fancy a game of truth or dare?" Bulstrode asked as she leaned against one of the armchairs. "Truth," a tall, lanky boy sitting in said armchair said. Bulstrode glanced up at him. "You ever gonna try out for the Quidditch team, Nott?" she asked. "No," he answered with a snort. "I like watching it, but I think I'll leave the play to those who actually enjoy having a broom between their legs." A girl Hermione did not recognize giggled. "I wouldn't mind having your broom between my legs, Nott," the girl said boldly. The Muggle born blinked. Sure she had heard those sorts of innuendoes before, but it always caught her off guard. She took another sip of her drink and closed her eyes, forcing herself to swallow the liquid fire without coughing. "Later, sexy," the boy named Nott said. "Zabini!" he barked. "Stop sucking face and tell me if you'll take the truth or a dare." The black boy broke the kiss he was sharing with Ginny and glared at Nott. "Truth," he growled. Hermione leaned back. She jumped when she felt Malfoy's arm slide behind her back to wrap around her waist. She stared at him, but he did not look at her. "Planning on snogging Weaslette all night?" Nott asked. Zabini smiled. "I'm going to try," he answered as he turned his attention back to Ginny. "What about you, love? Truth or dare?" "I'm not drunk enough for a dare," she teased. "Ask me something and I'll give you the truth." He nodded. "How did you manage to get the Gryffindor princess out of her tower?" he asked. Ginny grabbed the drink that he had been drinking and took a long swallow. When she put the drink down, she answered, "We caught my brother wrestling with Lavender Brown in the boys dormitories, only, they weren't wearing any clothes, if you catch my meaning." Hermione scoffed. "'Wrestling'," she repeated scathingly. "They were shagging, Gin. Just say it. I saw it with my own eyes so it's not like I can deny it." "Alright, fine," the redhead stated. She looked at Zabini. "Hermione and I had gone up to the boys' dormitories to see if Harry and Ron wanted to go down to Hagrid's for a bit. We couldn't find Harry, but Ron and Lavender were tangled in the sheets on his bed, shagging each other's brains out." "They don't have any brains to shag out, Ginger," Malfoy said as he rested his hand on Hermione's hip and pulled her closer to him. There was a collective round of laughter as Ginny giggled. "This is true," she admitted, "but this is my brother, Malfoy. I'm going to have to ask you not to speak rudely about him in my presence. That's for me to do. And Hermione." The Muggle born was so close to Malfoy that she was actually able to catch a whiff of his cologne. Or was it cologne? It could have just been his body wash, given how light of a scent it was. Either way, she actually liked