Note to the Disclaimer- I do not own anything in Middle Earth, however I do own most of the characters mentioned (with the exeption of Faramir, Elessar, Eowyn, and Eomer) I do not own the places. The words belong to the dictionary, don't sue(I'm broke anyways!) and yeah... Erenis walked through the bustling streets of the market. Buyers and Sellers swaggered too and fro through the mid-morning rush. Tightening her grip on her basket she faught through a wave of women all pushing to get at a particular item. Shaking her head she dodged out of the way of several children, all runnning recklessly through a busy area. Drawing in a deep breath she took a left on the main street and made her way to the bakers. Erenis's home was not far from the bakers, but on market day it seemed to take a lifetime to do a twenty minute trip. Depending on what time it was when she left, it could sometimes take her all the way to 1 o'clock in the afternoon to make her way home. She was relieved to find that most of the women must have gone to the bakers earlier, when the bread was hot out of the oven. Erenis didn't really care how hot it was, just as long as it was baked that day and still smelled remotely fresh. Erenis was 16 years old, she had chestnut brown hair that reached just below her shoulders and deep gray eyes. Her face was full of expression but not in the least bit childish. Today she wore a faded green bandana, which pulled her hair out of her face and light green tunic-gown, with a dark green cyclas on top. A thin rope served as a belt, winding it's way around her waist and up her chest in an 'X' formation. Her brown boots poked out from under her dress, and tried their best to avoid stepping on a great black cloak she was wearing. She was born in the sorrounding country but her mother and father had moved when they were children because of the Great War. The Great War was really the War of the Ring. Of course Erenis knew that, but still she presisted on calling it the Great War. Many of the Vetrans who had served under the Lord Faramir, Steward of Gondor, Prince of Ithilien, or under King Elessar of the reunited Kingdoms of Gondor and Arnor called it so. They said it was the war to end all wars. They said that evil would be undone, and that the free-lands of Middle Earth, would be so, free, forever more. When her father had lived, they had traveled oft to the country to visit his home, but her father had succumed to a great sickness some years before. Her mother was torn in grief, and had taken her own life some months later. It was a brutal blow for Erenis and her brother but they had managed. Erenis's brother was a promising Guard of the Citiadel. He worked long hours standing and guarding the White Tower and the area beyond from anyone who would wish it harm. He saw little action, but seemed to enjoy his time with his comrades. But in Erenis's eyes little action was the best way to be. It would be fairly unpleasant should she loose her brother on top of everything else. Erenis herself was an apprentice to a healer, learning the arts of healing in preperation to serve at the Houses of Healing one day. Erenis found the job not entirely exciting. She wanted to help and make an impact, but not quite in that way. She was eager to see the face of battle and take up her brother's mantle (should he fall). But that was, completely, out of the question. For starters, she was a girl, and though the people often spoke of the great feat of the Lady Eowyn, sister to the King of Rohan, and Lady of Ithilien's feat with the Fell King, it was in no way a reason to let little Erenis Aerkhamsdaughter ride to war. The second reason that the last war was the Great War, and if what the Vetrans said was true, there would hopefully never be another war in these parts. Soldiers were trained, but not often needed and the rare jobs that were needed were underpaid and not really worth standing around for. Erenis for one, could not imagine how terribly boring her brothers job was. Just standing at attention all day. Nothing to do really. There was once when this elder man had ran into where ever it was he was guarding at that time and demanded to see the King. When they intended to see to it that he went away he pulled out a knife and started threatening her brother's companion at the time. However, that man was not very good with a knife, no not at all, and had simply dropped it when Arenson (Erenis's brother) grabbed his wrist. As it turned out the man wasn't fully right in the head and had merely gotten free of the Healers care. He was given a scolding and sent to his quarters and that was the end of it. Not very exciting at all. But back to our story, by this point in time Erenis had reached the bakers and bought her loaf of bread. She was once again pushing her way through the throngs to reach her small home which was in quite bad condition. quite. As she started to make it out of the market district the crowds started to clear off and she had room to breath again. Sun beat down with a passion, making the stone and marble of Minas Tirith glow, with seemingly, appreciation. She herself relaxed as she felt the suns warm touch apon her face and realised for the first time of day that it was exactly the perfect kind of day to go riding. A smooth calm breeze pulled at her cloak as she walked towards the outskirts of the city district. The sky was a valiant blue, flawed only by the floating clouds, deep in slumber in it's midst. A dog ran down the street. Tail wagging and brown eyes watching her with calm. It had thick black fur and a piece of rough leather strung aorund it's neck. It plodded up to her in that funny way that all animals walked and barked once. Erenis stopped and watched the dog a moment before she realised who it was. "You scallywag," she said, "You've been stealing away from young master Haith again, silly dog!" The dog barked once again and approached her again, this time whining and nuzzling her hand. Erenis dropped to her knees and put her basket lightly on the ground. She rubbed the dog behind it's ears and the dog thumped it's tail away happily. It stuck out a pink tongue and licked her hand . "Eh!" Erenis yelled. The dog looked at her reproachfully. "Don't lick me! I'm carrying food!" she teased. The dog yipped happily and jumped to it's feet. "C'mon you," Erenis said happily, "Let's get you home, huh? Before you're missed..." Grabbing the basket in one hand, she gently eased her other underneath the strap of leather. Haunching over, she gently guided the dog through the narrow streets towards it's home. Erenis had never quite had the time to learn the dog's name. She had been told it over and over, but it never stuck. Which was funny because she ws usually fairly good with names. The dog belonged to Haith Oransson, her friends youngest brother. Adenlae (her friend) was always complaining. 'That dog,' she'd say, 'will be the death of this family! Eat us out of house and home it will, it will. Just yous wait!' and with that Haraen (Adenlae's youngest sister) would laugh and clap, as two year olds do and pat the dog. Haith and his family lived not too far, yet not too close. The perfect distance to say 'Why I aught to get back! It's getting dark and I'll be late for my supper!' or even 'No it's fine Mr. Oran, I'll walk!' It all depended on what you wanted to do really. Well actually, Haith lived a good ways out of town, on the far end of the wall which led to the gate to the second city. But it was a fine day and Erenis didn't mind the walk. It was a perfect temperature and the people she met along the way all seemed to be in fine spirits. They would smile and wave, even tip their hats(if they were wearing any, and provided the wearer was a male). Many asked how her brother fared, or told her a joke that they heard from a friend, of a friend, of the Tavern's woman. By the time she reached Haith's house she too, was in fine spirits, and did not at all mind the dog, which was currently slobbering over her hand with a passion. The dog was well trained and sat when she asked it too, sniffing a plant that Haraen must have planted by the door. Smoothing her clothes, she stood up and rapped three times on the door. There was a moment before Aldren, the eldest boy in the family poked his head out of the door. His smile broadened as he opened the door, smiling warmly. "Erenis! Whatever brings you to our parts of the city on such a fine day" he asked. Erenis returned the smile an placed her basket by her feet. There was a meow as a cat scooted across the street. The dog turned on it's heels and started barking wildly. In a quick move, Erenis grabbed the collar again and managed to get him to sit as she turned her attention once more to Aldren. "Greetings Aldren! I believe if you look you will find that you are missing a member of your household!" Erenis said warmly. "Missing indeed! I believe he is found now!" Aldren chuckled. His shaggy brown hair fell around his head as the two shared his joke. His blue eyes watched the dog, which was snuffling about the platform, very noisily mind you. "Would you like to speak to Adenlae while you're here? She herself has just returned from the market." Erenis thought kindly of the idea but shook her head softly. "No thank-you Aldren. I'm just here to see that Haith's friend here was returned before he was missed. I do remember the last time this fellow got out. Haith really was in quite a state!" Erenis said conceredly. Aldren nodded his head as he remembered his younger brothers train of thought when his furry companion went missing. "Indeed. Well I thank you for your troubles and would offer to repay you. Perhaps I could help you get that basket home? It's the least I can do!" he said kindly, motioning at the basket. "Oh thank-you but no thank-you Aldren! Perhaps another time, there was little I needed and this basket weighs quite little! It was absalutely no trouble! Your family has been very kind to me in the past, and if I were to repay you in full I would be minding your dog until the end of my days!" Erenis said, laughing. Aldren laughed too, and grabbed the dog by the collar and dragged him inside the house. "Well then, I say to you farewell and please take care. Send my regards to that brother of yours and do tell him that I am looking forward to the next time he gets to go on duty with me" Erenis smiled, "I will Aldren. Do tell your sister that I am sorry I haven't called on her, the days have simply become so long!" Aldren smiled and nodded his head before closing the door. Erenis picked up her basket and made