:Atthe End of All things: By: Mhairi Robertson Based on: the novel: the Return of the King, J.R.R. Tolkien And: the new line movie, the Return of the King Also: the song, All shall fade as featured in the Return of the King Note To the disclaimer: I do not own Tolkien, or any of the characters in this writing. I do not own the words, they belong to the dictionary. I have and WILL not make a profit of this writing… yeah… XXX : At the End of All Things: Home is behind… Faramir's heavy foot falls grew silent as he left the hall. The stone of Minas Tirith befit the whole situation. But it seemed to close on Denethor in his madness. Pippin stared at Denethor. He had done the unthinkable. Sent his son- his only remaining son- to his death. He shed no tear. He just stared silently at the wall. Picking at his fruit and pushing it through his mouth with trembling fingers. Peregrin Took knew that Denethor had experienced much, but he could not tell what of. With the hope of the men hanging by a thread, and the defences at Osgiliath over run, there was no time to waste telling hobbits of Stewards. Stewards whose line was drawing to an end. "Can you sing master hobbit?" It was the first sentence he had uttered after sending Faramir away. Pippin stared at the King for a moment, pondering over why he wanted a song? Was there no remorse in him! Faramir was the walking dead! He felt the urge to yell it all out. To tell him that Faramir was a Captain! A good fighter, and a leader the men would follow. But he held his tongue and answered the question. "Well… Yes… At least well enough in my own people… but we have no songs fit for great halls… and evil times" Pippin's mind instantly went back to Merry, the last he'd seen of him. Merry had been angry at him for looking at that Palantir. He'd given him the last of the Longbottom Leaf. It lay on his bed, half-full. He was smoking away his worries of this world, and preparing to enter that of the next… "And why would your songs be unfit for my halls? Come! Sing me a song!" Pippin was brought out of his mind and into the open as the king tossed an answer back. He thought of Merry again and how they'd danced on the tables at Edoras. Singing about the Green Dragon, what he would give to be back there right now. The joy and happiness all around him, Merry, and that big pint… Denethor chewed on a tomato, the red juice spilling juice down his chin. It looked just like blood. Just like the murderer he is. And at that moment, Pippin started to sing… The World Ahead… His helmet weighted heavily down upon him as he rode out of the city gates. In the distance he could just make out the hazy background of Osgiliath. It was over run. With Nazgul perched on the ramparts and orcs, row after row. The charge was gaining speed. He could feel the muscles of his horse move as he galloped across the field. Swinging it's head, and neighing. Dear horse do you know that this is the end. And it was the end. He could see death on the rider beside him, and smell it in the very air they breathe. Each helmet glinted as the sun reflected it, a row of metal. A row of the finest cavalry in all of Minas Tirith. As they closed in on the final hundred yards he drew his sword, there was a whistle as the soldiers behind him drew theirs. Something he was well familiar with by now. He remembered when they recaptured Osgiliath. He remembered Boromir. He was the only one who cared. He could barely remember his mother, and Denethor favoured Boromir by far. But Boromir had truly cared. He was a real brother. The one who corrected his stance with a sword, and would lose purposely when father watched, as to prove his brother worth something. The one who would chase away the others when Faramir would rather read a book than spar with them. He remembered the day that he was sent to Rivendell, the way he had looked at father when he commanded him to go. The way he clasped Faramir's shoulder, and his smile. Assuring him that everything would be okay. And the funny thing was that Faramir believed him. Believed him up until that night with the dream, and then the day when he found the horn. He would regret being the one to find it. The first to know. The hammer of the enemy was falling, it's final stroke seemed unavoidable. At that point in time all hope in Faramir's mind was lost. As far as he knew there were no reinforcements. Theoden had not come, the White Wizard's powers seemed limited and the soldiers hearts were diminished. Faramir felt the certainty of Death breathe upon him, his icy hand settling on his shoulder. He never thought he would do this but, he accepted death with open arms… And there are many paths to tread… With one hand she held the reigns, with another the hobbit. He was small no larger than that of a child, and she clutched him tight. They were both forbidden to ride with the men, but both desired to fight. He to see Pippin and not to be left behind, she to seek a valiant death. She could tolerate this world no longer. For all the rejections she had faced, for all the lives that surrounded her. She thought of her father and mother. She had no real memories of them, just the thoughts that Eomer can sometimes recall. She thought of her cousin, Theodred. The person who when she was little would take her atop his horse and take her for a ride. She remembered the day her brother returned from the Fords of Isen. How her Uncle was under Worm tongues spell, he did nothing when his son died… They were climbing a hill, she could feel the difference in her horse. His muscles pulled under his skin, his soft coat shifting under it's power. She could tell by the men's faces that they were drawing near. The faces of the old etched with worry, and concern. They could tell that death was almost certain. In the faces of the new who were facing their first war, they were eager, nervous. They had come to the top of the hill now. Eowyn strained to see what lay beyond the horses and men. It was Minas Tirith. Climbing out of the mountain, tall and royal, even in it's time of need. The wonder and majesty quickly left as they looked upon the battle field. Thousands of Legions all lined up. For a moment her heart quailed, her mouth went dry. She was not sure if she wanted it to end this way. But her fear was lost upon the time, to unveil? What of valor? And dignity? No she was in this now. And if it were death she sought, then she would rather it be by the hand of some foul beast rather than the rocks as she threw herself off the cliff…. There was a pause as Theoden turned to face his army. Eowyn regarded her Uncle in the knowledge they may never meet again. He drew his sword and started whacking each spear, for luck. His mouth was moving but the words were drowned out. But in the end she was yelling with the men. Calling out to the king. Rolling the word off her tongue as the army called for it one final time, death… Through shadow… The loll of the sea had a calming effect on Aragorn. He sat at the bow of the ship, looking over the edge into the sea below. His eyes were cast distantly and the elf who sat beside him could tell where. In his fingers he played with the Evenstar pendant, smoothing it's edges and toying with it's chain. He would warn him not to drop it, but Aragorn was not clumsy… …least not with things like that. He pulled away and left Aragorn in peace with his thoughts. Aragorn had barely noticed his friends coming and going. He was indorsed in his thoughts and memories. Dreams that became more distant with each passing moment. He thought of what his foster-father Elrond had said. That Arwen's fate was tied to that of the ring. He pondered the sentence, trying to figure out it's meaning. Of course he knew it's meaning. He just didn't want to think that way. Think that if Frodo were to fail, and the ring were not destroyed, Arwen would fade. Fade away slowly, but steadily. There was a slight bump as one of the boats ran on to a small rock. There was much commotion, but Aragorn was brought from his thoughts, and back to matters at hand. A war, a battle, a seemingly sinking ship. He crowded on to the starboard bow beside Legolas and Gimli. He could feel the breath of the warriors of the dead beating upon him and he drew away. The ship would be fine, that was already clear. After a minute or so the crowds dispersed leaving Aragorn to himself again. The corsairs of Umbar were fine ships. They moved quickly and silently along the waterways. Their battlements were well intact, they could fight the battle from the waterways if need be. But the dead army should prove of more use than tall towers, arrows, and flints of steel. Aragorn watched as the mountain came into view. It seemed as if a shadow passed over the land. He felt the hilt of his sword as he took in a breath. For once in the whole entire War of the Ring, Aragorn felt they had a chance… To the Edge of Night… Frodo lay on the cold floor. The stone took his breath away as his bare back tried to find a more comfortable position. He had no idea how he had got here. All he could remember was Galadriel and- the spider. Gollum… What have I done! Frodo wanted to yell it to the world. To plead for help, to be back in the shire, to have strider by his side. But he kept quiet. He figured it would be best. That was when he noticed it. His neck was lighter as if some great weight had been removed. He swallowed hard, and brought his bound hands to his neck. Gone- they had taken it. Taken the ring. This whole mission was a failure. What he really needed right now was Sam. Samwise Gamgee, his best friend. And what had he done, he'd sent him away. Tears welled to his eyes, but he choked them back as someone climbed up the ladder. Inside he wished himself away from the situation. He wasn't listening to whatever the orc was saying. There was a sword pointed at his throat, and the quest was lost. Galadriel had been wrong. "Not if I stick you first!" The voice was familiar and Frodo drew back as a sword stabbed through the orc's stomach. The orc fell forward revealing Frodo's saviour. "Sam!" Frodo was so happy to see his friend. But his mind spun. "Sam! They took it! Took the Ring!" Frodo was alarmed, you could see it in his face, he expected Sam to drop his weapon and stare at his knees, like he did 'oft when they were in the Shire. But he did not. If Sam looked anything it was guilty. He drew back from Frodo and reached into his coat and pulled out a silver chain- and the ring. Frodo couldn't hear a word Sam was