"Aaaahhh!" I screamed in agony as I felt a gargantuan bunny sink its teeth through my skin and into my veins. "Carrots..." I suddenly thought. "No!" I screamed. Blood… I suddenly thought. "Aaaahhh!" I screamed in agony as I felt a gargantuan bunny sink its teeth through my skin and into my veins. "Carrots..." I suddenly thought. "No!" I screamed. Blood… I suddenly thought. "Sir, we are ready." The assistant said. "Are you sure?" The commander asked. "Yes, we went through the systems eight times, just like last year." He answered. The commander looked at him with an anger. "Just like last time! Eight times! I will have your head for that! This is not like every time, no no no, for this is the time we have been waiting for since the time this holiday was created! Eight times! Do it 50! "Yes sir, but we have a problem that I haven't told you." He replied nervously. That's the last time he ever said anything because one second later his head was rolling on the floor. "Third!" The commander shouted. "Yes!" The third in command shouted. "You are now second in command." The commander told him. The new second in command looked happy until he noticed the head on the floor. "What is this problem!" The commander shouted. "That kid you wanted out of the way." He began answering. "The person assigned to do it forgot." He said, fearing for his life. The commander boiled with rage. "WHAT!" He shouted. "There's more." Third in command said. "MORE!" The leader said, getting angrier with each syllable. "The boy Mark is making friends easier." The new second in command said, believing his life was over. The commander looked at him, a smile on his face. "This could work out after all." He said to a confused second in command. "How?" The second in command said. "Don't worry." The commander said. 'Just tell my team to check everything again 100 more times, and kill the person who forgot to kill Mark." "Ok." The second in command said quickly back and left the room. The commander looked at a picture of Mark. "He is the only one who can stop me now." He closed the picture and walked out of the room. -Drew- Chapter 1: The Beggining Easter! I shouted as I scrambled out of bed. I hurried out of my pajamas and into my normal clothes so I can go downstairs, but then remember that I should tell my mom before I do. I open my door and run to my parents room as fast as I can. "Mom!" I shout. "Can I go downstairs and get my easter basket!" I asked. "Yes." She answers. "You can." I quickly hustled myself out of her room and to the staircase, then opened the door and saw my my sister had already gone down, because her basket was on its side and there were two bunnies on the floor. "Bunnies?" I said aloud."Where did they come from?" Then the bunny came hoping toward me. "Your so cute!" I said kneeling down to pet him. "Yes you are!" I said. Then the bunny looked at me with blood red eyes and tried to bite me. I raced down the stairs as fast as I could but sadly, the bunny came after. I thought bunny's were supposed to be cute and fluffy. I thought. not like, well, this! I outran the bunny but couldn't seem to find a way to stop it. Then I saw the cage of my old bird that I used to own and ever so slowly, I thought up a plan. An out of this world crazy going to get myself killed like jumping of a cliff plan. Thats why it was full proof. First I ran into a side room we have. "Come and get me!" I shouted to the bunny."What is that commotion!" My mom said coming downstairs."No mom!" I shouted. It was too late. The bunny shrunk its teeth into her and she turned into a bunny. It was too late. I thought again. Revenge was the first thing I thought of. "Come and get me!" I shouted again. This time they came. "Eeeek!" I accidentally shrieked as the bunnies leaped at me. "Run!" I shouted to myself. The bunnies flew right by me to the side of the room and, not really having to think of what to do next, I jumped out of the room, shutting the door behind me. Step one was complete. Next I collected the materials one by one. Here's what I collected. One cage. Five markers. One rope. Three rolls of tape. Eleven pieces of construction paper. One piece of cardboard One 1 pair of scissors The list was complete. Now for step three and four. "Come on come on!" I said to myself. "I have to finish this!" I murmured. "Can't let the bunnies win! Then it was done. hard work and sweat equaled a giant, ... bunny! I thought while I was downstairs, setting up the trap. "This here, this there," I said to myself while setting up the trap. "Step three complete" I said when I was done. Now for step four. (Gulp) I gulped as I got close to the door the bunnies were in. Have to time this right… I thought. "Thump!" I opened the door as fast as I could and scampered behind the bunny that I had created. "Come and get me!" I didn't know if they came for me or the bunny, but they jumped onto the cardboard, closing the scissors, cutting the rope, and dropping the cage on them. Step Four complete. I just hoped that wasn't part of something bigger. "Eeeek!" I shouted when I got upstairs. "bunny!" I backed up to the wall but then realized it wasn't attacking. "Huh?" I said outloud. I decided I would try to get closer. "oh!" I said when I got there. It's foot was caught on a small piece of metal! Well thats one bunny I don't have to worry about! I thought. I turned around to go do something, I don't remember what, but I slammed my face into a door. In my defence, I was tired. I started seeing things. I slowly walked to the kitchen to get breakfast, somehow suddenly forgetting the bunnies. I had a good slice of toast and warm milk. I noticed the carrots were missing. I suddenly remembered the bunnies. I decided to check my easter basket and see if there was anything hard in it that I could use if I wanted to hit a bunny. "Creek" I opened the door and grabbed the basket. I was expecting some eggs but when I looked into the basket to my surprise I saw a bunny ! "Eeek! I shouted backing up to the wall. I quickly grabbed a book and put it on the basket. I should go find my sister. I thought. I looked in her room,but there was even more red eyed bunnies! I quickly shut the door and backed up as far as I could. I should move on to my parents room. I decided quickly.I opened the door a peek but... more bunny's! started to freak out. What is going on! I asked myself. Just then in the corner of my eye I spotted a note. I looked closer, it read " The bunny's are here! My army of seven will take down mankind!-The One And Only, Easter bunny." Wait wait wait, the easter bunny is evil? Who could have guessed? I mean seriously, who? I wondered. Sad and confused, I ran out the front door hoping to find any hope of help. I don't know why I thought there could be help, I just did.. I jumped on my bike and started biking, but then a bunny jumped next to me and I flew into a pit! "Help! I shouted but then stopped because a bunny could hear me. I stopped in my tracks when a bunny did hear me, and jumped in. "Eeeekkk!" I shrieked as loud as I could. I did what my instincts told me to do and picked up a stray piece of metal, where it came from I don't know, but when that bunny leaped at me I hit it with the metal and it went flying out of the hole to who knows where. That's when I collapsed. I quickly got back up but knew that I needed to find help and sleep. Fast. I found a place where I could climb out of the hole and started climbing. It took me three minutes and a lot of blood but I got out. Relieved and exhausted, I fixed my tire with the spare tire on my bike and took of. Wandering around the streets of Portland, Oregon was probably not the best idea but don't mind that. I had no idea where I should go so I grabbed my phone that my mom and dad had given me for christmas and started typing in: random houses in Portland, Oregon. After a long after searching through all the ads for houses I finally found something about someone named Mark's house. I decided to go there. After cruising to Mark's house we traded stories, he had a similar story. Here's what he did. First he had woken up to a scream. "Aaaahhh!" He heard. "Who is it!" He said with an annoyed tone, "Help!" He heard. That's when he realized that someone was actually in trouble. He quickly scrambled out of bed and ran down stairs. He saw his little sister in the corner. "Help!" She shouted."That bunny's trying to kill me!" He got angry. "A bunny" He shouted. "You're scared of a bunny! Then the bunny looked at him with red eyes. He stumbled backwards. "Ok…" he said. "Maybe you are scared." He continued. The bunny chose that moment to flash it's fangs. "You're scared!" He shouted, picking her up and starting to run. Then she turned into a bunny. "Aaaahhh!" I shouted dropping her and running. I picked up the first thing I saw, a chocolate covered carrot, and through it out the window. The bunnies jumped outside after it. I collapsed. "I woke up about an hour later, and here I am now." He finished. "Wow," I said. "That's cool, but listen to my story." "After about three minutes my story was told. We are ready for what obstacles lay ahead of us. I thought, but little did I know they were gaining power by the minute. I poked my head out the doorway armed with a piece of scrap metal.. Having only the metal weapon didn't help the fact that we were about to test the power of a race that is growing rapidly and we probably underestimate their strength. I leaped out the doorway and onto our bikes. I tensed myself for what was about to happen. Then I started pedaling up a hill, it was calmer but energy consuming. That is, until you look behind you and find a mob of tens of thousands of bunnies! Ok maybe i'm exaggerating, maybe 12 or something, but how do you think I could stop to count at a time like this. I raced into town yelling at the top of my lungs "THE bunny'S ARE COMING G, THE BUNNIES ARE COMING!" Then the civilians started looking at me like, 'Are you sane? I don't think so.' "Oh no! I have a flat tire!" I exclaimed after we left the city. As I hit a sharp rock and dove of my bike scraping my knee on the pavement. "Ow." I said aloud. I grabbed a piece of scrap metal by the side of the road and start fighting .These were all evil bunnies, when I realized a bunny had a bow and arrow birch wood to deflect the shot. I was doing well until the bunnies