Helllllloooooooooo! This is your good old Rose of DOOM(!) speaking! Sorry I haven't been updating lately, but a storyline struck me and wouldn't let me rest until I'd committed it to paper, or in this case, you guys! Hope you enjoy, and thanks for reading! P.S. I'll always try to remember to put translations at the bottom for the times that they speak Greek. Okay, NOW read! Don't even pretend it's my story you want to hear. I know you want to hear about Percy. Annabeth, Grover, the lightning bolt... as usual, I'm the one that's forgotten. Then again... I wasn't supposed to be on the quest anyway. But for now... I'll just give you the basics. I'm Raven. Don't ask what my last name is, because I dunno. I've been at Camp Half-Blood for six years, and I'm still unclaimed. If I have family out there, I wouldn't know. The earliest thing I remember is waking up on the Big House porch, Mr. D saying something about another one and needing some Diet Coke. I didn't even know my name! A raven landed on my head and Mr. D wanted to call me Carrion, but Chiron decided Raven was more fitting, so yay, I'm named for a stupid bird. And before you ask, no I don't know my godly parent either, alright? I'm a loser of a brand new class. No parents, no real name... yeah, I'm a catch. Even by demigod standards, I was strange. Sometimes, I'd try to pick something up and it wouldn't work. I'd attempt to simply walk and I'd trip over nothing. Once and awhile during the night, I'd wake up from a nightmare and everyone would be awake too, looking at each other like they'd just seen themselves die. It's like the Fates enjoy watching me struggle. I'm pretty much the resident loner of the Hermes cabin. I have exactly two friends: Luke and Annabeth. When they showed up when I was seven, I was giddy. Luke was like a big brother to me, and Annabeth was the only one who didn't seem to see me as a freak. We grew up like sisters, the best of friends. Luke always kept bullies off of me until I was old enough to actually fend for myself, but even then, he always had my back. For six years, I learned to attack, defend, speak Greek (not very well), and generally stay alive. Again, I showed I'm different. Instead of a sword, I use throwing knives. All the others have close-range weapons. The only ones who use long range weapons like me are Apollo kids, and trust me, they want nothing to do with me. I never have much luck with swords or spears... I was always more lightweight. So in general, even by demigod standards, I was different. But even through years of being teased and pushed around, sometimes literally, things never really went bad until he came. Percy Jackson. The night Percy came, I was laying in my bed, completely awake. My combat boots were beside me on the ground, moonlight from the window beside my head illuminating them, inviting me to sneak out and walk around, but I knew tonight couldn't be one of those nights. Two of the Hermes kids were up, playing Nintendo. I'd never get out without getting seen. So I just lay on my bed, arms folded behind my head, staring at the bunk above me, thinking on how my godly parent still hadn't claimed me. Why I wasn't claimed yet wasn't the question. I couldn't blame my godly parent for not claiming their little misfit. No, I was wondering how I could prove myself. If I could prove I wasn't completely worthless, maybe- just maybe- my parent would claim me. I sighed; I didn't even know if my godly parent was a guy or a girl. Gods of Olympus, I was sad. The worst part was that Chiron seemed to know who my godly parent was. And he wouldn't tell me! He had slipped a few times, but all I knew what that my parent wasn't someone he liked and the one thing he straightout told me: "It is better you don't know your... parent , Raven. I know you wish this knowledge, but it is a dark truth, just as your parent is." What kind of answer is that?! It's worse than "when you're older." At least with that, he plans on giving an answer. But no, I've spun the words over again and again, and based off that... I'm never going to find out. Not from Chiron anyway. Finally, I couldn't take it anymore. I sat up quietly, looking at the two boys playing Nintendo. One was snoring, the other hiding the game under his blankets. Yeah, I'd say I could sneak out. I sat up, reaching for my boots, but my fun little defect caught up. I grabbed for a shoelace and it was like grabbing air. I tried again, and my hand closed around it. Stupid shoes. I laced up my boots and slipped outside without a sound. The harpies would be out, but I was always too fast. The only good thing about being pathetically small- I was faster, quieter, and more flexible than most others. I quickly raced across the green behind the Dionysus cabin, then quickly made my way across Euros Creek. I didn't know where I was going; I never was able to get up the nerve to go across the barrier. I didn't fancy going into the woods alone and armed with a handful of knives. But I walked, and for some reason I found myself drifting toward the Big House. All these questions starting to overwhelm me, maybe now would be a good time to see if Chiron would tell me my parent. No. This wasn't the right time. I'd get in serious trouble if I did right now. I sighed, starting back toward the cabins when from the hill came "No!" What the... I turned around, more yelling coming from the hill. I took off like a bullet, drawing my knives, charging up the hill. Lightning flashed on the other side of the barrier, illuminating a bulky figure and another on top of it- a human figure. Gods of Olympus... this was bad. The Minotaur?! Another flash and I saw a limp, slightly furry figure in the grass: a satyr. I snapped out of my daze as the kid tumbled off the back of the Minotaur, one of its horns missing. Before it could charge, I bellowed, "Péthane apó to chéri mou!" Apparently, the Minotaur didn't appreciate my knowledge of the Greek language. He turned to me and roared in rage. I called to the boy, "Kid, get your protector and get to the Big House!" The kid either didn't hear me or didn't care. I charged forward and the Minotaur rushed to meet me, but I rolled between his legs and up to my feet. He whipped around as I did, but his attention was back on the boy. I yelled to get his attention but his sights were set. Barreling down on the kid, I rushed forward, knowing I wouldn't be fast enough, when the boy rolled to the side... and stabbed the Minotaur with its own horn. It bellowed in agony as he began to crumble. I made it to the kid as the last of the golden dust floated away. He stumbled and I steadied him, realizing he was my age. I muttered, "Don't worry, you're at camp now. Can you walk?" The kid slowly nodded, his face streaked with more than rain. For a newbie, yeah, this was terrifying, so I couldn't blame him. I tried to be nice as I said, "Kid, we're going to walk down to the Big House, I'm going to carry your protector. 'Kay?" He nodded numbly, and I said, "Good. Follow me." I walked over to the satyr and recognized him: "Grover. Gods, you always get tough jobs." As I grabbed Grover by his arm, slung it over my neck and started working down the hill, the kid stumbled after me and I worried I might have to drag him down too. He shakily asked, "What... What's going on?" I sighed. "I'm not the best person to explain that. Just come with me and I can help." The kid didn't answer, but he didn't run away either, so I assumed that was an "okay." We made it to the porch and I barely managed to set Grover down against the porch rail and yell "Chiron!" before the kid completely fell apart. He collapsed and I barely managed to grab his arm and keep his head from cracking on the ground. I set him down as Chiron and- Annabeth?- came from the other side of the porch. What was Annabeth doing here this late? She must've been questioning Chiron about the recent rumors again. I quickly said, "I found them up on the hill." Chiron gave me his deluxe we'll talk later stare as Annabeth said excitedly, "He's the one. He must be." Chiron chided, "Silence, Annabeth. He's still conscious. Annabeth, bring him inside. Raven, take Grover." I nodded, hauling him up again and following Chiron and Annabeth inside. From there, Chiron waved me off to bed. I protested, "What? No! I'm not going anywhere!" Chiron gave me a stern look. "Raven..." I jutted out my chin stubbornly. "Chiron, I'm not leaving." The old centaur sighed. "Raven, please." He gave me those old, piercing eyes and I started to feel like I should give in and just go... but no. I shook my head. "Chiron, whatever it is you're still trying to keep me out of, stop! I'm not gonna stay here forever!" He gave me such a look, I felt like saying apology after apology for insulting him, he looked so sadly at me. Gods of Olympus, this was hard. I returned eye contact, giving him my own special look: I'm not backing down. He shook his head. "The gods help you, child." I grinned. "I'll take that as a yes." As Chiron clomped around the room, I opened my hand for a high five with Annabeth and she slipped me a small smile as she obliged. Going to the other side of the extra room, I got a canteen of nectar and tossed it to Annabeth as Chiron placed a hand on Grover's forehead. Suddenly, I felt solemn. "Chiron... what's going to happen to Grover? I mean, he's gonna be fine I know, but... his searcher's license-" "Will be under the judgement of the Council and Mr. D." I frowned and murmured, "But you know what Mr. D would say. He hates all of us here. He'll just toss Grover away like a can of Diet Coke because that's the kind of jerk he is." Chiron gave me a hard look and warned, "You have been here for six years, Raven. You should know better than to insult our director." I grumbled, "He deserves it." But I did know better than to insult the gods. For all Chiron would let me in on, I was... gag, Dionysus's kid. Even the Fates couldn't be that cruel to me. But it would be the "dark truth" Chiron said my parent was. Or at least dark enough for me. I sighed as Annabeth handed me the empty canteen and asked me, "Can you get me the ambrosia? Small. This kid's banged up, but I don't think we should risk much more." I nodded. "You got it." Walking over to the counter, I pulled a cup of godly food from the cupboard and brought it back to Annabeth. This was going to be awhile. The three of us worked through the night, Grover finally woke up, bleary-eyed and hungry. That's a satyr for you. The kid- Chiron informed us was named Percy- was another story. It took three days