Title: The Rivendell Chronicles: Once Upon A Saturday Morning Characters: Elrond, Glorfindel, Erestor, Elladan, Elrohir, Estel, Legolas, Ashiaro Summary: Friendships are at stake and the prices are high. Can Glorfindel and Erestor learn to get along before it's too late? And, more importantly, how will Estel and Legolas teach the twins a lesson about pranking that they won't be soon to forget? Rating/Genre: G/Drama (with many humour elements) Author: Namiko Iolana Erestor hummed to himself as he dried the dishes from breakfast on a bright Saturday morning in Rivendell. He loved Saturday mornings, especially when Elrond was not around. He dried the last dish and set it on the rack to dry, still humming the same song to himself. This song had been a childhood favourite of his and was similar in tune to "It Isn't Any Trouble Just to S-M-I-L-E". Outside the kitchen, and inside of Rivendell, the sun was shining. The weather could not have been any nicer for a Saturday, a full day to do whatever he pleased. Saturdays in Rivendell were like that. After the family had breakfast, Erestor would take care of the dishes. The rest of the day was free to do whatever one pleased. Oftentimes, Elladan and Elrohir would retire to the room that they shared, leaving Estel with Glorfindel. "I love Saturdays," said Erestor, walking out of the kitchen and down the hall. He smiled to himself, forgetting to watch where he was walking. center /center Glorfindel rounded the turn, heading from the library to the kitchen. Elrond had sent him to get glasses of water for their meeting. He sighed deeply to himself, thinking about what Lord Elrond had said to him in regards to Erestor. The next thing he knew, Glorfindel found himself lying on the floor, muttering a curse in Elvish under his breah. He was about to start yelling at the twin terrors, or so they were called, but he glanced once again at who he was facing. The crash had knocked both Elves off of their feet. "I am sorry," came the voice. "I did not realize someone was coming around the corner." "You should be!" Glorfindel's voice was clearly upset, the tone, serious. "Watch where you're going next time, Erestor!" Glorfindel stood up, dusting off his outer cloak. He stormed off, disappearing for most of the rest of the day, leaving Erestor alone on the sunny Saturday morning. "What did I do wrong?" Erestor found him asking himself aloud. He sighed. The bright, sunny morning that it had been before was now clouded by a dark storm cloud, which was moving in rather quickly. Erestor felt the same way. His heart had been glad, his music joyful, but now a shadow had passed over him. "I don't think you did anything wrong," said a voice from behind him. Elrond's councilor turned to find another blonde Elf standing directly behind him. "Oh, hi, Legolas," said Erestor. "Nice of you to come." As much as Erestor tried to welcome the Elf, it just didn't seem sincere enough. He was still upset at Legolas and the twins for playing a mean trick on him several years ago, though he had really tried hard to forgive and forget. (A/N: Read u A New Friend /u for the whole story.) "Hannon le, Erestor," said Legolas. He offered Erestor a hand to help him up, which the older Elf gratefully accepted. Erestor smoothed out his robes, a requirement by Elrond, and left the hall, desperate to find Elrond before Glorfindel did. center /center "Watch out!" Elladan's voice could be heard throughout the entire valley. Legolas didn't know his friend had such a loud voice, but apparently, he did. A hand pulled the blonde elf down, just in time. "What is going on!" Legolas asked, bewildered. Though he knew the twins and the mischief they could cause, he didn't fully know exactly how much could be done. "Stay down, Legolas," whispered Elrohir. The younger of the identical twins glared over at his brother and motioned for Legolas to stay close to the floor. "It's a trap for Rangers," he explained. Before Legolas could ask, Estel came running through the halls, covered from head to toe in a pasty gluey sort of substance. The fifteen-year-old human was a mess. Not only were his clothes all sticky, but so was his hair, face and arms. "Well, at least it worked," said Elladan to his brother. He pulled on Elrohir's arm, and both twins retired to their room, busily planning other tricks to play on unsuspecting Elves, including their father, Glorfindel and Erestor. As soon as the twins had left, Estel came up behind Legolas. The elf did not notice the human walk up behind him, as the blonde Elf was busy humming to himself as he freely walked the halls of Rivendell. "What'd you do that for? It wasn't funny, Legolas," accused Estel. "What did I do?" Legolas said. He fiddled nervously with the papers he held in his hand. He had been sketching for the entire morning. Out of the many years of knowing the children of Lord Elrond, he still did not know how they could manage to be so mischievous, and even more importantly than that, why he always seemed to be the one to blame for the twins' intentional mishaps. "Or maybe it was my brothers," muttered Estel. "I'll get them back for this!" He shook his fist in the air and started to storm off to his room. Legolas grabbed Estel's shoulder. "Wait!" he said. "Instead of becoming upset, why don't you go take a bath and use that time to calm down a little?" "How about not?" came the reply. Legolas sighed. He should have known better than to come to Rivendell in the first place, but now that he was here, nothing could be done about the past. All he hoped was that Estel didn't do something he would later regret. "Lord Elrond will not be pleased to see you like that," Legolas replied, a smile starting to curve on the corners of his lips. He tried not to laugh at the young human. Knowing that his friend was right, Estel sighed and walked to his room to take a bath. 'Twas best Lord Elrond didn't see him a mess, as the peredhel would surely ask what had happened. Then, he knew, he would have to tell the whole story. Elladan and Elrohir would get into trouble, and they would be mad at him. After that, life would become quite miserable. center /center "Please, Erestor," Elrond pleaded with the dark haired Elf. "Give him a chance." Elrond stood up, pacing back and forth across the council room, much to the annoyance of his companion. "Why must I give him a chance, Lord Elrond?" asked Erestor. He had gone to Elrond about the incident involving himself and Glorfindel, but the peredhel had offered no sympathy whatsoever. Elrond liked to be fair, but it was a difficult task when two of his closest friends were fighting like they were. i Why can they not seem to just get along with each other? /i he asked himself. "Just give him a chance," he said. "Do I have to?" asked Erestor. Elrond groaned to himself. Erestor was beginning to sound like Elladan or Elrohir when he told them to be nice to one another. "Yes," said Elrond. "Be nice to him, and I'll talk to him, as well." "Hannon le, Elrond," said Erestor, not seeming pleased at all. In fact, it was certain to Elrond that Erestor was rather ticked off, as he left the council room quickly and walked to the kitchen. center /center i Where could that Glorfindel be, /i Elrond thought to himself as he walked around Rivendell, searching for the blonde Elf. i He's always hiding somewhere, and I can never find him when I need him... /i He checked in the library. Glorfindel was not there. The only one who was present was Legolas, who was looking at some drawings that he had done, mostly sketches of Elves. "Legolas," said Elrond. "Have you seen Glorfindel anywhere? I have been looking for him all over Rivendell." Legolas shook his head. "No, I have not seen him," he replied. "Not since a few years ago, the last time that I visited." "Hannon le," said Elrond, a sarcastic tone in his voice. He left Legolas alone in the library, still searching for Glorfindel. He hoped the blonde Elf hadn't taken Erestor's comments the wrong way. Sometimes, Erestor said things that he did not mean to, and Glorfindel, well, Glorfindel tended to get upset easily. Elrond knew he had to find him before it was too late, but where could Glorfindel have gotten himself to? center /center Estel finished putting on his grey tunic, fitting it carefully over his head. He smoothed out his dark, scraggly hair and pushed it out of his face. He resolved not to let Elladan and Elrohir get away with their tricks this time. It had been one time too many. Last week, he had received a pleasant surprise of several small spiders in his bed, and the week before that, he had gotten an anonymous note to go to the stables to meet a secret admirer. Glorfindel had been furious when he had missed lessons because of this. He walked out of his bedroom, carefully closing and locking the door, just so his brothers could not get in. He headed towards the library, where he was sure he could get a few moments of peace and quiet. It was the last place he expected to find anyone who would disturb him. He walked into the library, carefully closing the door behind him. He spotted Legolas in the far corner, pondering over some drawings, probably ones that he had drawn. Silently as he knew how to, he crept up behind the blonde elf and pounced. "Mae govannen, Estel!" exclaimed Legolas. "I see you are nice and clean." This comment was met by a scowl of the young boy. He didn't seem surprised that the boy had crept up behind him. Estel, after all, was human. He was used to it, as the twins had tried countless times, mostly resulting in failure, as one of the identical mischief-makers would start laughing. Estel put a hand on Legolas's shoulder. "Will you help me with something?" he asked. "What is it, Estel?" Legolas asked. The look on Estel's face was halfway between revenge and mischief and the blonde elf wondered what his human friend was planning. Estel paused for a moment, wondering if it would be wise to tell Legolas or not. "Would you be willing to help be get back at the twins?" he asked, lowering his voice to a whisper. "They've been playing trickes on me, on everyone in Rivendell, for several months now, and it's driving everyone crazy!" "Why doesn't that surprise me?" Legolas muttered to himself. He had known the identical twins for londer than he could remember, and they were infamous for the mischief they caused and the havoc they were capable of wreaking. "Sure," he said. "But we really shouldn't do too much." Estel grabbed the blonde elf around the waist in a hug. "Thank you so much, Legolas!" he said. "We can go to my room to plan." He and Legolas left the library and walked over to Estel's room. They closed and locked the door behind them. "So..." Legolas said. He sat down on the wooden chair. "What exactly do you have in mind?" "Well..." Estel began, taking out a piece of paper and a pen, dipping it in the ink. He started to draw... center /center A knocking sound was heard on the door of the room that belonged to Glorfindel. Oftentimes, he would hide in his room, especially when he did not want to face the reality of living in Rivendell, especially all of the problems that it held.