Title:A New Friend (for CoE, by silvanelfprincess) Characters: Other, Legolas Rating: PG Genre: Drama Summary: By playing a trick on Lord Erestor, the twins find a new friend that they never thought was possible. Other characters include: Celebrían, Elrond, Glorfindel, Erestor, Arwen and a few others. p "Do you suppose Ada and Ammë would have missed us while we were gone?" Elrohir asked his brother as they approached the Main Hall in Rivendell. "No," said Elladan. "I don't think they would have missed us that much. We were-" He was interrupted by a loud voice. "Elladan! Elrohir!" the voice snapped sharply. The twins looked up to see Lord Erestor standing above them. "Where have you two been?" "Not missed, indeed." Elrohir muttered under his breath to his brother, hoping that Erestor would not hear him. "I heard that, Elrohir!" snapped Erestor. "Your father has been looking for you. I suggest that you get yourselves over to the council room and report to him at once!" Lord Erestor gave the twins a shove towards the council room and huffed off to sulk. "I told you that we've been missed!" said Elrohir as they walked over to the council room. He was cross with his brother. "Did not!" Elladan, though he knew that his brother was right, decided to argue anyways. "Did too!" "Did not!" "Did too!" "Did not!" Because they were busy arguing with each other, neither twin realized the door open behind them. "Alright!" said a voice. "I have heard enough of this!" The twins turned around to find the owner of the voice was Elrond himself. "Ada!" cried Elladan. "We went to Lothlórien, and we lost track of time." "And we went to Mirkwood, but it was very boring there," added Elrohir. "And I hope that you two weren't constantly arguing at Thranduil's," said Elrond strictly. He and Celebrían had insisted on the boys having proper manners whenever they went anywhere, especially to Mirkwood. "Only a little, Ada," Elrohir admitted. "At least Legolas wasn't there to tease us." "Yeah, that would have only made things worse," added Elladan dryly. "Like he always does." "I don't think that you'd want to be saying that if you knew who was here," warned Elrond, glaring slightly at Elladan. Elrohir nudged his brother in the ribs and pointed over to where Legolas was standing across the hall. "Look," said Elrohir. "It's Legolas." Elladan groaned and Elrohir rolled his eyes. Neither one said anything more, but as Legolas started walking towards them, they took off running in the opposite direction, not stopping until they were safe in their room-with the door locked. center /center About ten minutes later, there was a knock at the door. Elladan opened it to find their father standing in the doorway. He looked neither pleased nor upset, just like he usually did when he wanted to talk to the twins. "I knew I would find you here," he said, coming into the room and sitting down on the chair between the two beds. "Can I talk to you for a minute?" "Sure, Ada," said Elrohir without looking up. He was sitting on his bed, like Elladan was. "It wasn't very nice how you treated Legolas earlier today." Elrond began, but failed to continue before Elladan interrupted him. "But he's not nice to me and Ro!" he blurted out before Elrohir could stop him. Elrond chuckled softly and ruffled his oldest son's hair. He thought back to when he and Elros had done the same thing to Thranduil at Elf Scouts. "He may be mean or rude to you, but you still need to be nice to him," explained Elrond, smiling at the twins. "Remember what you learned in Elf Scouts." The twins were also in Elf Scouts, and so was Legolas. "Yeah, yeah, yeah," said Elladan. "We know." "Always be nice and kind to each other and the things that you find in nature," chimed in Elrohir. "But Ada!" said Elladan. "No 'but Adas', Elladan. I want you and Elrohir to be nice to him. He's our guest, and we need to at least show him some respect," said Elrond firmly, but he was trying not to laugh. He knew that the boys got along about as well with Legolas as he did with Thranduil. He smiled at the boys, but his thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the door. "Who is it?" he asked, standing up to answer the door. "It's Glorfindel," said the voice. Elrond opened the door to find the blond-haired Elf standing in the doorway. "What is it?" sighed Elrond. "If it has little importance, then it can wait. I am talking to the twins about something important." He had lowered his voice to a whisper, so that the Elflings would not be able to hear him. "Lord Erestor needs to talk to you in private," replied Glorfindel. "I can keep an eye on the twins until Celebrían gets back." Elrond's wife, Celebrían, was taking care of Arwen and teaching her how to read and write. "Alright," replied Elrond. He sighed, for he knew that the Elflings had a lot of respect for Glorfindel, but showed almost none. "Do you mind if I bring a guest?" asked Glorfindel. "Who exactly do you have in mind?" asked Elrond. He was beginning to get suspicious about everything, especially because his advisor, Erestor, rarely asked to meet with him. Nonetheless, he agreed, and left to meet with Erestor, the twins now in the care of Glorfindel until either he or Celebrían got back. center /center "Who is this guest?" asked Elrohir right after Elrond had left. He was beginning to get more and more curious with each passing minute. Glorfindel opened the door to reveal the Elf. "It is Legolas," he said as he let Legolas into the room, much to the horror of the twins. "But-" Elrohir protested. He was stopped by Elladan, who quickly put his hand over his brother's mouth. "Suilad," said Legolas with a smile. He was somewhat shy, but greeted everyone with a smile, just as Thranduil and Laurelin had taught him to do. "Now, I will be leaving you three to get to know each other for a little while. If you really need me, I will be in the corner," said Glorfindel. Leaving Legolas with the twins, he walked over to the opposite corner of the room and sat down before the twins could protest. "What do you do here in Imladris?" asked Legolas after a long silence. He was curious about everything in Rivendell, and asked the twins many questions. "There's the library that we read books in," said Elladan. "But books are boring." "Especially the ones that Glorfy reads to us," put in Elrohir. "Or the ones that he makes us read." He, like his brother, did not care much for school lessons, and only took them because Ada and Ammë insisted. "Okay," said Legolas, still unsure of the twins. "What else do you do here?" "We make music!" said Elladan. "With our flutes!" chimed in Elrohir. "I can play louder than you can, Ro!" "Cannot!" "Can too!" "Cannot!" "Can too!" "Stop!" said Legolas. The twins stopped fighting, surprised to see someone other than Ada or Ammë talk to them like that. "What else do you do here? Are there any gardens?" "We have gardens!" said Elrohir. "Lots of them! And we practice archery for Elf Scouts." At this statement, Legolas's eyes grew wide, for he, too, was learning how to shoot an arrow for Elf Scouts. "And I'm better than Ro is!" Unsurprisingly, this comment came from Elladan. The twins were constantly competing with each other, something that Glorfindel enjoyed. He knew that if the twins worked together, they could probably outsmart him, and that wouldn't be any good for him. "We will see who is better," said Legolas. "Let's go outside to the targets." Elladan and Elrohir grinned at each other, and Elrohir smiled slightly at Legolas as they followed Elladan outside. Glorfindel followed closely behind the Elflings. Elladan grabbed three bows and his brother grabbed some arrows on their way out to the target area. i Maybe Legolas is not so bad after all, /i thought Elrohir to himself. He thought that Ada and Ammë would be proud of him for giving the younger Elfling a chance. "You go first, Elrohir," said Legolas when they had gotten outside. Elladan handed his brother a bow. Elrohir picked up an arrow, fitted it in the string very carefully, and released the arrow, just narrowly missing the target. "Wow!" exclaimed Legolas in awe of the younger of the twins. "I learned to shoot an arrow in Elf Scouts, but I doubt that I could do that well." "Wait until you see Elladan." Elrohir replied. "He's a lot better than I am." He had moved aside so that his brother could have his turn. Like Elrohir, he fitted the arrow and sent it whizzing through the air, hitting the center of the target. "Wow!" Except for that word, no other words came out of Legolas's mouth; he was speechless. There was a long silence before he spoke again. "May I try?" he asked. "Sure," said Elladan, handing the younger Elf a bow and an arrow. Legolas very carefully fitted the arrow and released it. It missed the center, but it still hit the target. "Very good, Legolas. You have learned a lot in Elf Scouts, I see," said Elrohir. He whispered something in Elladan's ear and they both nodded. The twins, both pleased with the result of their idea, resolved to follow through with it as soon as they could. If they did, then Erestor would be sorry. Although he was their father's advisor, and they both showed respect for their father, neither twin cared much for Erestor. Elrohir told Legolas what they were planning to do. "Good idea," said Legolas in a quiet voice. "Are you sure that your Adar and Naneth will approve?" The twins looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders. "Do not worry about that," said a voice that clearly did not belong to either twin. All three Elflings turned to find Glorfindel. "Erestor needs just that. I think it might teach him a good lesson." The twins knew that Glorfindel did not really like Erestor at all. They laughed, and were joined by Legolas. It was turning out to be not such a bad day after all. "Glorfy," said Elrohir, whispering in Glorfindel's ear. "Will you help us?" The older, Elf, though still quite young, by all means, smiled and nodded. "Here's the plan…" Elladan explained how they would do it. Elrohir, questioning his brother's reasoning, like he often did, raised his eyebrow at his brother, like their father did to them. "How are we going to do it without him knowing?" asked Legolas. He had already decided to be practical about this. After all, what was a great idea without an even better plan to keep it a secret? "Leave that part to Glorfy," whispered Elrohir. "Just don't let Arwen know." "Yeah, cause she would tell Erestor for sure." Elladan added. "Ever since he's arrived, she's had a soft spot for Ada's advisor." He and Elrohir exchanged glances. "He's too old for her," said Elrohir. 'But Legolas is hardly younger than her." He and Elladan started laughing. Legolas scowled, but then he joined in their laughter. "Alright, you two!" scolded Glorfindel. Even though he didn't like Erestor, Elrond had insisted that he was strict with the twins about respect. "So, when should we do the plan?" Legolas asked Elrohir, but it was not Elrohir who answered. "Tomorrow." Elladan answered for his brother. "Erestor is cleaning the floor today, so tomorrow will be the perfect time to do it." "Glorfindel!" a voice called. Celebrían appeared with Arwen. "I am done inside, so I can watch the twins now, if you want," she said. "Thanks," he said, letting out a sigh. He winked at