Hey guys :] I've been having so many ideas that I want to put in my new story, but putting all of them in one story would make the plot cluttered and messy. So, up until then, I'll be posting oneshots-all related to each other and in chronological order from New Moon up until Breaking Dawn-until the multichappie is finally posted! I really hope you like it :] DISCLAIMER: I do not own any of these wonderful characters. Wish I did though. Don't we all? Angela I...I know what I saw. What did I see exactly? Not entirely sure... I will always remember that day though. Eric and I had been fighting a lot lately (not as much as Jessica and Mike, of course. We like to call our arguments "creative discussions") and one day space was all that I needed. I went down to La Push to snap a few shots of the scenery, which never ceased to amaze me. In the midst of taking photos, my camera caught something extraordinary . It was a wolf. An enormous wolf-had to be at least ten feet tall! But he was beautiful...at least, I think it was a he. This wolf had grey fur with various black spots, and appeared to be very swift. The big eyes caught mine, and I slipped on the boulder I was on, falling safely but uncomfortably on my butt. By the time I looked up again, the wolf was gone. "What the...?" "Hey, are you alright?" Befuddled, I looked up to see a boy about my age-maybe older-staring down at me with a strange look in his eyes that I couldn't quite decipher. He wore no shirt, only a pair of shorts, his obsidian hair cropped short. He was handsome, no doubt, and the fact that he was talking to me brought a rosy blush to my cheeks. His voice held a timidness that mine did, and the way he held himself was not what I expected. A hand was held out to me, but he looked like he wasn't sure if the limb should be there or not. "Huh?" "Are you alright?" he repeated patiently, and this time he actually leaned down, grasping me gently by my arms and pulling me to my feet. My hands flutter to his arms-his very muscular...arms...-subconsciously, my eyes glued to his. "I saw you fall..." He did? I would have noticed him on my way up here. Out loud, I stammered, "O-oh, sorry...I'm fine. Guess I was a little clumsy..." Awkwardly, I released my hold on him and retreated a few steps. Why was he looking at me like that? Like...like I suddenly made his day by falling off a rock ? This made no sense, but then again I wasn't a regular on the reservation. Wait a minute...maybe he saw what I saw! If he was near enough to see me fall, then he must have seen-! "Hey...can I ask you something crazy?" I asked him, and he nodded, talking a step towards me with peaking curiosity. "While I was taking pictures, I saw...something..." Up until then, he was hanging onto my every word; I could tell by the look on his face and in those warm, dark eyes of his. "And I was wondering, well...if you saw..." "Saw what?" The boy asked me softly. "...A-a wolf..?" As soon as I uttered 'wolf', I could have sworn he tensed up. And now that I think about it, those eyes of his now seemed frighteningly familiar... Before I could think further into it, he regarded me with concern, "Did you hit your head when you fell?" "S-So you're saying I'm seeing things?" My face fell sadly, and his eyes widened in panic. "N-no, I'm not saying that you-I mean, y-...Y-" He started choking up on his words, as if he physically couldn't finish his sentence, or start new ones. Finally, he settled for, "What's your name?" "Angela." "Angela..." He tasted my name on his tongue, gaining a glowing look, and settled his eyes on mine. Something dawned on him then. He recognized me somehow. "Wait a minute...You're friends with Bella Swan, aren't you?" "It's complicated but...yes, I am." I still cared about Bella and her well-being. Lately, she's been trying to be more social with our little group. Mike and I are the only ones willing to genuinely talk to her; Mike has his reasons of course, much to Jessica's agitation. I wouldn't blame her, but I would probably handle the situation differently than what she's currently doing. "Do you know her?" "Yeah, she comes down to the reserve often to see Jake..." And that's all he was gonna say on the subject. "I'm a friend of his." Jake...Jacob Black? Yes, that was it. I remember him! The last time I saw him was last year, and he willingly followed Bella around like a lovesick puppy. I thought it was adorable. Wonder what he's up to now? This boy must have been one of the Quileutes that was with Jacob when they came over to say hello to the gang...But which one was he? Without the long hair, I barely recognised him. "What's your name?" I asked him. He smiled at me. "Embry." Embry walked me back to my car, shaking my hand and telling me it was good seeing me again, and to drive home safe. For the next few moments, as I drove from La Push to Forks, my mind lingered on the shirtless shy boy. Embry . But I still had the picture. After returning home, I spent the rest of the night in my bedroom, editing the photos I took. The wolf picture was the last, and after analyzing the sizing, that's when I estimated the wolf's width and height. This wasn't normal at all. What wolf would ever stretch to such...monstrous heights? I'm not calling the wolf monstrous, but this...this was alien. Something I have never seen before. Something that I wanted to see again. Day after day, I went to my exact same spot. But the wolf never showed again. And neither did Embry. I began to get frustrated. "C'mon, wolfie..." I would whisper to myself. "Where are you? I know you're out there...somewhere..." A.k.a, please tell me that I'm not crazy . "You're crazy," Jessica told me. Knew I shouldn't have told her. No...that's rude of me. Who else could I go to? Jessica was the only other person I trusted, with Bella coming as a close second. I would have gone to Bella, but she's been pretty withdrawn from all of us lately...I'm worried about her. Many people might think that Jessica is offensively impolite, and she can be at times, but there's really more to her than people believe. You can't judge a book by its cover, you know? After a full week of not saying anything, I finally invited Jessica over to my house after school, showing and telling her what I saw. We were sitting in my bedroom, me stationed at my desk and she lounging on my bed with one of my pillows nestled in her lap. I unplugged my laptop from the charger and handed it over to Jess so she could take a look. "No, no, nonononono," my words string together, pointing at the screen with my pointer fingers. "Don't you see? According to the research I found, wolves aren't this tall-compared to trees at least...-and they surely aren't this wide either. See the genetic makeup of this-" Jessica put a hand up, pinching the bridge of her nose. I knew her so well-she was currently trying to translate what I said into English...But even I knew how smart she was. Jess was a genius. "...Okay," Jessica lifted her head. "Say that I'll go along with this, or whatever. You said you saw a wolf..-" "A huge wolf," I interjected. She blinked. "A big-ass wolf. Sure. Okay. Not two seconds later did hottie-lamottie show up-" "Embry," I couldn't help but cut in again. "What ever . This Embry-guy shows up right after that, and he just happened to have been there even though you hadn't seen him at all up to this point?" "Riiiiight?" "And he said he knows Bella?" "Yeah..." "Ang..." Jessica pushed the pillow off her lap. "I think this has Swan written all over it." Doesn't it always? "Okay so...what are we gonna do?" I asked, standing up with her. She grasped both of my hands, "We are gonna get to the bottom of this." Bella was avoiding us again. She must have known. Embry must have told her! Which means that she knows something that we don't... We were about to go after her in the parking lot after school, but what shocked me the most was that it was she who approached us first. "Uh...hey," said Bella nervously, gripping on her backpack strap. "Hey," I said back just as shyly. Jessica, however, wasn't so easy on her. "Oh cut the crap, Bella. You know something that we don't, so spill." Bella and I both know how peeved Jessica gets when she is left out of the loop. Which means that Bella had no choice but to tell the truth. "Do you wanna go for a ride with me?" she asked, mostly looking at me when she spoke. "Of course," I said automatically. "Hold up-if Ang is going too then you're taking me with you. " "But-" "-Ah-ah-ah! It's either the both of us or none of us at all. Take your pick." Bella started chewing on her bottom lip, her fingers noticeably shaking. She was quiet for a long time. Too long. By the time I counted to 70 seconds, she finally muttered, "Okay...Okay. C'mon." Satisfied, Jessica followed me to Bella's truck. Bella What am I doing? I shouldn't be doing this...shouldn't have even...Ugh. Jake said it was alright for Angela to come with me to La Push after school, but Jessica was never part of the plan. Angela sat between Jessica and me. There was still some tension between us because of my withdrawal from the group, but I also think it's because of Mike. I don't think he'll ever understand that I'll just never feel that way about him. Taking out my cell phone, I called Jacob's house, hoping that he would pick up and not Billy. Thank God he did. I told him about my...situation, and beated around the bush in telling him to expect an extra party. I was afraid that he was going to be mad at me, because of his wolf-temper, but the closest he had gotten to anger was a heavy sigh and, after talking to someone on his side of the line, told me- "It's okay, Bells. I gotta go. Meet me at Emily's. Everything will be explained then." I said, "Okay. Be careful, Jake." And his typical reply was, "Sure, sure." I hung up the phone and put it back in my pocket, bringing my right hand back to the steering wheel. "Everything okay?" Angela asked me. I gave her the best smile I could manage, even if it was pitiful. "Yeah. Everything's great." I heard Jessica scoff, but I paid her no mind and continued driving. Taking them to Emily's meant that they, too, will know the truth. The whole truth. Was I betraying the tribe by doing this? Pulling into the rocky driveway, I was the first to get out of my truck. Angela slid out on my side, and Jessica from the opposite side to meet us in the middle. "I'm warning you now...Don't get too startled," I told them. "Why?" said Angela. "Bella!" The entire pack literally jumped out of the house to greet me; every single one of them, tall, tan, and half-naked. My eyes were on Jacob, who was the last to come out. His mood swings were really giving me a whiplash. Seeing me, he skipped the entire stairway to the porch, landing