Summary: To end the war, Hermione must hide behind enemy lines at the Malfoy Manor, posing as a pureblood sympathizer of the Dark Lord. However, once on the inside, she realizes things are not at all as they appear. Can she figure out Voldemort's plans before her true identity is revealed? HG/DR. Author's Note: This story takes place after the events of the Half-Blood Prince, and ignores the general timeline of the Deathly Hallows (though many of the events will be recognizable). If you've been reading my other fanfic The Labyrinth, this one is darker and contains more mature content. It is a Dramione, but it will build up slowly (with all of that delicious tension we love so much). I know it sounds cliché, but I promise I have created new twists. Passages written in italics are flashbacks. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters but the plot and story are my own. Let me know what you all think! - AMJ Behind Enemy Gates Chapter 1 Never before had Draco sat so still as he did in this moment, surrounded by the most powerful and dangerous wizards in the world. The dining room table in the Malfoy Manor stretched almost the entire length of the extravagantly dark room. Positioned at the head of the table, cast in shadow, was none other than the Dark Lord himself. Draco felt deeply troubled by the uncharacteristic smirk that rested upon Voldemort's snakelike face. The Dark Lord wordlessly stood and lifted his wand, pointing it at the closed door that led to the kitchen. Without a sound, the door slowly opened, and a body covered in a black sheet was levitated out. Draco's heart sank. Likely another wizard whom Voldemort had interrogated for information. There had been three this week alone, each body looking more gruesome than the last. No one in the room dared move, and no one dared to look away for fear of appearing weak. Draco followed suit as he had become accustomed, keeping his face impressively devoid of any emotion. His silver eyes hardened, preparing for the horror that was about to be uncovered. The black sheet gently peeled back off the body it covered, revealing the unfortunate soul. Draco could not help himself, and for the briefest of moments, his cold eyes reflected the painful seizing of his heart at the sight before him. Fresh blood pooled behind his godfather's eyes and gurgled out of his mouth, bubbling slightly before trickling down his face and silently splashing onto the dining room table. It took all the strength Draco possessed to keep his face expressionless, to keep his body still, despite the rage that flooded his veins. A loud, womanly cackle broke the deadly stillness of the room. From beside Voldemort, Bellatrix's eyes were alight with a wicked desire, staring lovingly at the droplets of blood splashing onto the wooden table. "The man before you thought it would be wise to assist Dumbledore," Voldemort took a long pause, surveying each mind within the room. "I am here to inform you, that it was dreadfully...unwise," Voldemort's voice filled with poisonous malice, infecting each beating heart at the table with an unnerving warning. The message was clear; There was no escaping the Dark Lord's wickedness. Furthermore, should you be caught, regardless of who you were, there would be lethal consequences. Cool drops of sweat tickled the back of Draco's neck as they silently slid down his back. How had he managed to get himself into such an unwelcome position as this- seated near the head of the table as his mentor was floating dead before him? It was well known that the Malfoy's had fallen out of grace with the Dark Lord due to his father's stupidity and pride. The only reason Draco believed the Dark Lord kept them alive at all was because of the attempt made by Lucius to bring back Voldemort via his old diary years ago. While that action had perhaps kept them breathing, it did not mean that they were held in high regard. Voldemort used the Malfoy's for their fortune, their power, their influence at the Ministry, and now, he was using them for their home. Draco's role in his family had changed over the years since the Dark Lord had returned. At first, he was eager to answer his call to duty, to protect the sacredness of his pure bloodline. Draco was not one to shy away from power. It drew him in like a dragon blindly following its call to gold. However, it did not take long for Draco to realize that he was nothing more than a pawn being used by the Dark Lord to punish his father. While Draco was considered to be very much like his father, he possessed an inherent strength to see the true motivations in people, to read through carefully constructed masks. Above all else, Draco was intelligent beyond his years. As Draco surpassed expectations, surviving missions that were intended to kill him, the Dark Lord took notice to the brilliant Malfoy heir. Now, he was sitting near Bellatrix, only a few places away from the Dark Lord himself, holding the seat his father has always dreamed of having. But all the power in the world would not erase the image before him, would not stop the slow trickle of blood that was dripping out of his godfather's eyes. Severus could not possibly have been a spy , Draco thought despondently as he tried to stare without seeing the brutal scene before him. The silence of the room was broken again, this time by the wicked cackle of the Dark Lord as he watched his words take root in the hearts of his most loyal followers. And with that the meeting was over; All the secrets Severus held, his vast knowledge of Dumbledore's plans, died with him that day in the Malfoy Manor. It had been one of the last pieces of information their late informant had given the Order before his betrayal. Severus had alerted them to the travel arrangements of a powerful, but notoriously secretive pureblood family. The matriarch was a woman believed to be one of the lost descendants of Antioch Peverell, and she, along with her two granddaughters would be soon traveling to join the Dark Lord at the Malfoy Manor. The purpose and intent of the pureblood witches, however, still remained a mystery. Given this information, the Order quickly realized of their opportunity to penetrate the Dark Lord's inner circle; A plan that was dangerous but nonetheless a breakthrough in the unyielding war, and the Order was nearly out of options. To say they were losing control of the war was an understatement. The slaughter betrayal of Severus, and his murder of Dumbledore dealt a crushing blow to the resistance. No longer was there any information leaking from the tightly loyal circle of pureblood sympathizers, and the number of witches and wizards willing and able to fight back against the darkness choking the wizarding world was dwindling. The ministry had all but become consumed by dark forces. Without new information, the Order would always fall a few steps behind. Thus, the unfeasibly mad plan to place a new spy amongst the Dark Lord's inner circle was birthed in desperation, as a last attempt to secure their victory. They would only have moments to orchestrate the nearly impossible plan, one that had been worked on relentlessly over the last few weeks. Hermione thought back to the deliberation process, visualizing the exact moment she had become an integral part of the mission to infiltrate the Malfoy Manor. Hermione massaged her temples against the onslaught of yelling drumming in her ears. This fight had been going on for hours, quite literally. The members of the Order, at least, those of the Order who were still left after the last months of battles, were arguing about how to proceed on their next mission. The screaming was causing her ears to hum with pain. "That's quite enough!" Hermione cried out, uncharacteristic frustration coating her tone. A hush fell over the room, shocked into silence by the scream from the normally even toned woman. "I am more than capable of taking care of myself. I am more than capable of doing this. If it's the only way, then so be it." " Hermione-" Ron stuttered out, but he was immediately quieted by her sharp glare. "I can make my own decisions Ron, I've proven myself enough." Her voice was harsher than she intended, but she was well beyond the point of caring. This was war, and her friends knew her better than this. It was time to put aside their childish notions of shielding her. She had always been the one to look after them, and yet they still viewed her as a fragile girl who needed defending. She was her own woman, who had faced the same trials that they had. It was her time to be more than just the researcher of the group. "Without this information we have nothing. Snape is dead-" "Slimy git," Harry muttered venomously, still furious at his betrayal. "What if the information is false? And Snape wanted us to be caught in a trap?" "He's right you know," Ron agreed. "We have no real way of knowing," Remus said, frustrated at their predicament. "But without this we have nothing. Dumbledore is dead," Hermione whispered somberly." I will not watch as we are all killed off one by one.. It's time to act," Hermione passionately spoke, her palms pressed tightly down on the table in front of her." Ron and Harry can continue to look for the Horcruxes. I'll leave my current notes with them. In the meantime, I will continue on to the Manor and gather any information about Voldemort's plans that I can." Encouraged by Hermione's absolute confidence, Tonks spoke up next. "I'll go with her, two brains are better than one, after all," Tonks smirked at Hermione from across the table, as the rest of the members in the room frowned in disapproval. Remus, who was pale and drawn due to the impending full moon, suddenly looked as though he would explode. "Absolutely not," he hissed. Hermione had never heard his voice take on quite so much rancor before. "And why shouldn't I be there? Out of all of us, I likely understand the ways of pureblood families the most. Hermione may need some help passing as a high born witch," Tonks quickly turned to Hermione, "No offense of course." Hermione lightly held up her hands to show she took no offense by Tonks words. She knew the other witch was right. It would also be advantageous to have someone with Tonks's unique ability as a spy for the Order. Remus let out a deep breath before speaking. "Tonks, we will discuss this later," Remus wearily responded."As for you Hermione, this task... you won't just be drinking a simple polyjuice potion. We don't have the time to brew it, and it is just too risky. The magic involved to change your appearance for such a long amount of time is dark. It is unnaturally dangerous. If performed incorrectly, it will kill its caster," Remus whispered, trying to quell the fear in his voice. "And what exactly does this dark magic involve?" Hermione cautiously asked. "There is a potion you must drink. Severus, before he was caught, brought us the last of his potions stores so we should have the necessary ingredients. The potion will help you bind yourself to the soul of your target, and then you will continually draw from her magic. As long as she is kept alive, your magical channels will be linked, and you will take on her appearance." "And how long will the effects of the ritual last?" Hermione questioned. "To the best of my knowledge, the only way to sever the bond once you would like to return to your