Disclaimer: As always I own nothing but the original characters and the situations all characters find themselves in. Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoy. Haymitch's Family His chair squeaked as he leaned back in it, which was fitting since his own body did the same whenever he lowered him into the thing. They were both getting on in years, and they had all the busted parts to prove it. He could replace the chair of course, his housekeeper had been nagging his ear off about his outdated everything, but he liked things the way they were. There wasn't a lot of stuff in his house, but what there was still served their purpose and he didn't give a God damn about style or having the latest and best and never had. Scanning the room around him Haymitch knew he should find something to do, a book perhaps or a walk for the sake of the health he really didn't give two damns about, but he just didn't have the energy or motivation. It was one of THOSE days. He didn't know a victor who was still sane and in touch with their conscience that didn't have them. Those days when the memories reached out, took him or her by the throat, and like a rabid dog sought to tear them to pieces and remind them of just how easy a life could end. How disposable you were in the grand scheme of things. They all had their ways of dealing with those days, though his had changed drastically. Most of the time he knew it was for best, the fact that he'd stopped drinking. That he wasn't numbing himself that way anymore, to the point where he was like a feral creature when he went without. There was video footage to prove it too, whenever he was in danger of slipping off the wagon again. He'd done that a lot in the decade that had followed his forced sobriety, falling off and on the wagon again and again, each time lasting longer but inadvertently giving in sooner or later. He hadn't had a drink in eight years, two months and thirteen days. Nowadays he spent days like this shut up in his place if he could help it, though that usually wasn't an option. His housekeeper would inadvertently tattle on him, or a Mellark would drop by to see him and that would be that. He'd either have his only two living tributes on his hands or he'd be dragged down to the bakery if Peeta was busy and forced to help out there until his mood improved or he'd scared away all the customers and the blond closed the shop for the day in exasperation. Seeing as his housekeeper was due in about an hour, Haymitch figured he had just slightly less than that to pull himself together so to speak. Or so he thought up until he heard a familiar voice calling out for him as well as the sound of little feet running as fast as they could across his hardwood floors. Love swamped Haymitch as he got to his feet with a great deal more strength and purpose then he'd gotten off them. He was halfway across the room when the door opened and there he was, his namesake and godson with a wide grin and bright blue eyes. "Grandpa!" Running across the room Mitchie grinned as he was scooped up into his grandfather's arms, cuddling in as Haymitch returned the greeting with a big hug and kiss for his favorite person. Following her son inside at a much more leisurely pace, Katniss Mellark was dressed for hunting and scanned the room as she entered, no doubt looking for signs of trouble before meeting his gaze. "Hey ya, Sweetheart." Drawling it out Haymitch could see that she saw the shadows in his eyes, she didn't miss much there, but unlike Peeta Katniss wasn't the sort to pressure him to talk about his feelings and shit like that. They both considered that Peeta's job, and one they wished he'd slack off at once in a while. "Haymitch. Have you had lunch yet?" "Was just about to put something together actually." Not being blind he'd already spotted the cloth bag dangling from her hand and had figured she was bringing him something. Lunch, he assumed, not at all bothered by the fact that Peeta constantly tried to get him to eat food that was remotely good for him. Blondie was a damn good cook after all, and it made the kid happy to feed people. A happy Peeta wasn't visiting him with shadows under his eyes and a haunted air about him. "I eat with you, Grandpa. Mommy said." Pleased at the news Haymitch lifted a questioning eyebrow in Katniss's direction. "I suppose you'll be joining us too?" "No. Actually there's another reason why I'm here aside from playing delivery girl." Motioning for him to follow her with a jerk of her head, Katniss explained as she headed for the kitchen. A group of officials from Districts 7, 10 and 11 were coming for a meeting and naturally she was being forced to attend. Unfortunately the meal planned for the delegates had hit a snag in the form of a fire that had laid waste to the meat that was scheduled to be served for the main course. Thus she was not only being forced to attend the stupid thing in the first place, but now she was being sent out into the woods to find some fresh game to be hastily cooked for their guests. Which brought her to the reason she was there in the first place. "So I need to go and someone needs to watch Mitchie for us. Peeta can't do it because he's helping them with the desserts and you know how Mitchie is around frosting. So could you watch him and pick up the other one from school and bring them both down to the bakery? Peeta should be done by then and that way you can be out of there before the politicians arrive and maybe decide they want to see you too. Unless you want to stick around for the food." Clutching his grandfather's shirt Mitchie stared up at him beseechingly. "I stay with you, kay?" "Definitely okay." He reassured him before nodding in Katniss's direction. "It's no problem, she get out at the normal time?" "Yes." "All right then. Go hunt and leave us guys to our lunch. We're hungry." "Hungry! Hungry!" "Just don't be late picking her up." Handing over the bag Katniss smirked when Haymitch informed her that she shouldn't get her braid in a knot, he was never late picking her daughter up from school. "You were three months ago." Surprise was written all over his face. "She snitched on me?" He couldn't believe it. "She didn't, her teacher did. She called Peeta in just to tell him that she didn't think you were responsible enough to watch the kids for us." Katniss let that sink in for a moment. "It's rare for him to lose his temper, but he lost it enough that he felt he had to go back and apologize the next day for telling her off. Our darling daughter had to apologize for telling her off too, for calling her teacher dumb since you're her favorite babysitter." Hiding her amusement as color flushed over his cheeks, Katniss came over to give her baby a parting kiss, who, just like his father, always insisted on one, and then headed out the way she'd come knowing Mitchie couldn't be in better hands. ) A few hours later, with Mitchie perched on his shoulders, Haymitch headed out to pick up his second charge, determined to get to the school early just to show Flora's teacher how responsible he could be. The old bat, ratting him out like that. He hadn't been that late, and he'd had a good reason at the time. Sort of. He'd had to take an afternoon nap after a headache inducing call from Trinket, and he'd slept later than he'd meant to. Could've happen to anyone. A yawn from above had Haymitch breaking into a smile automatically. Mitchie didn't care to nap, so in general he just let the kid run himself ragged and just waited for him to pass out. Hence the fact that the boy had only woken up about fifteen minutes ago. The waves and called out greetings they got as they walked by were normal and expected now. Once upon a time people had left him alone and vice versa, but those days were long gone. He'd gone from being Haymitch Abernathy, District 12's only living victor and town drunk, to just Haymitch, honorary father of Peeta and Katniss Mellark, and grandfather of the Mellark children. And that was actually how people saw him, as weird as it was. Once, when he'd had to go to another district for some heart surgery, Katniss had gone with him since Peeta hadn't been able to leave the bakery and someone needed to stay with the kid. Some of the nurses and doctors had assumed she was his daughter and he'd overheard more than one discussion on how they were just alike and how his 'wife' must have left the family long ago, unable to stand sharing a house with the two of them. It was hard to say whether he or Katniss had been more insulted. Seeing the school buildings in the distance, Haymitch's smile dimmed, though it didn't leave his face entirely. What a change a few decades could make sometimes. In his days before the seventy-forth Hunger Games you wouldn't catch him dead anywhere near this place or the larger building near it that was for the older kids. Kids that would have been eligible to be reaped if such practices still existed. So no, he'd avoided this place even when he'd been drunk as a skunk. He'd dropped out of school when he'd returned from his own games. Not because he hadn't enjoyed school, because actually he'd loved it when he was a kid. No, he'd stopped going because the boy tribute in his first year as mentor had been a good friend of his dead little brother's. He'd watched both tributes die on the first day and after that hadn't been able to bear the idea of knowing the sacrifices he would be sending off to their deaths. Better to draw away from everyone, severe what few ties he'd had that point since the Capital had already stripped him of the people that had mattered most to him. The less contact with human pain the better, he'd had more than enough of his own. And so arriving at the school right on time Haymitch did his best to ignore his surroundings, listening to Mitchie ramble on about how he'd get to go to school someday just like his big sister. He wasn't surprised to see that Flora was one of the first students out of the little school when it let out, the kid hated going to school with a passion. Just like her mother Flora was all about hanging out in nature, getting dirty, and in general running wild with often unholy glee. It had been Peeta who'd suggested sticking the kid with such a girlie name, one that didn't suit the tomboy in the slightest and was impossible to shorten. In Peeta's defense he'd wanted to give her a name that honored Katniss's sister and that girl, Rue, but it had not been one of bread boy's brightest ideas. Then again, many would argue that the Mellarks decision to name the toddler on his shoulders after him had been a grave disservice to the boy too. As a direct result they all called the boy Mitchie for short, and pretty much everyone called Flora Spunky unless she was in trouble. The nickname