Disclaimer: I don't own HP. JK Rowling owns Harry Potter Riddle Manor [August 10 th ] Hadrian Riddle passed through the halls of Riddle Manor, dragging his feet and digging his heels into the expensive marble floors. This was not a conversation he wanted to have with his father, not now, not ever. Despite knowing that the Dark Lord was not a patient man, Hadrian intentionally took the long route across the massive estate, purposely doing all he could do delay the meeting. When he crossed through the entrance to his father's wing, Hadrian Riddle stopped in his tracks. He could feel the dark magic nearly suffocating him the minute he stepped through the wards. His father wasn't simply angry. He was furious . Hadrian considered his chances of turning and trying to floo back to the Lestrange Estate, where he had been hiding out for the summer. He even took a step back; only to run into the ward his father had put up once more to keep intruders out. Or perhaps to trap him in. The thought caused Hadrian to stiffen in undeniable fear. Shaking his head, he decided he really had no choice other than to answer to his father's summon. Sucking in a shaky breath, Hadrian forced himself to control his outward appearance. His father was already in a bad mood. Cowering in fear would only cause his father to become more enraged. He reached his fist up to knock on the doors to his father's personal study. When the doors did not immediately open, Hadrian grew steadily more worried. Steeling his shoulders back, he straightened his cowering posture and pushed open the all too familiar double doors. "Hadrian." His father greeted from the chair behind the impressive desk that was facing the window. Hadrian attempted to decipher his father's already blank expression, but the shadows from the window made it nearly impossible to tell what his father was thinking. "Sit." It was a command, not a suggestion. Hadrian hastened to throw himself into the stiff chair facing his father's desk, all the while trying to appear unfazed by the terrifying man in front of him. Hadrian fought to still the tremor that threatened to run through his entire body. He could nearly feel the crackling magical energy surrounding his father. Oh yes, the man was enraged. There was a long moment of silence–long enough for Hadrian to nearly quiver in fear of what was to come–and then his father spoke. "You…" he began quietly, "have murdered a part of my soul. You attempted to hide the fact that you destroyed part of my immortality. And in the process of this…conspiracy… you have ruined about seven of my future plans." The Dark Lord turned around slowly in his chair, staring at Hadrian with a deceptively calm expression. "What do you have to say for yourself?" Hadrian Riddle was not fooled by his father's bland expression. Though Lord Voldemort's voice was hardly above a whisper, Hadrian could easily detect the simmering rage that boiled just barely underneath his seemingly composed tone. "Hadrian?" His father inquired sharply. He winced, his gaze never straying from the dark marble floor. "Er… I'm sorry?" It was apparently, not the right thing to say. "Crucio." His father spoke, rising up from his desk to watch his son fall to the floor in silent screams. Hadrian dug his nails into the cold floor, feeling the intense pain of his father's favorite curse–after the classic killing curse, of course– press into his body. He felt like the walls were closing in on him, and his vision became blurred with tinges of red. He closed his eyes, refusing to scream aloud; he knew screaming would only incite his father into increasing the intensity of the curse. "You were simply instructed to open up the Chamber of Secrets, and command the basilisk to finish what I started back in my sixth year. But you decided to entrust such an honorable responsibility unto a first year, a filthy Weasley ." His father sniffed in apparent disgust, but thankfully lifted the curse. He hissed, "What have I always told you?" Hadrian gasped for air, and stumbled over his words, his mouth feeling like cotton. "I-I-If you want s-something done, do it yours-self." He forced out, pushing himself off the ground into a sitting position with an immense amount of effort. "And yet, you let a Weasley open Slytherin's Chamber. She may be in Slytherin, but she'll never be a true Slytherin. I simply don't understand how it would even cross your mind to do such a thing." Lord Voldemort continued on with his berating. "You also forgot to mention the fact that the basilisk only obeys its true master, which is still you." Hadrian spit out, wiping a drop of blood that had appeared on his lips. "I could've died!" His father cocked his head to the side and appraised him silently. "You're still here, aren't you?" He pointed out. A flicker of rage crossed his face and he hissed, "Yet, a part of my soul seems to have been destroyed." Hadrian sighed resignedly as his father lifted his wand and uttered "Crucio." He thought he would be prepared for the sudden onslaught of pain–now that he was used to it–but his father seemed to have become angrier as time passed, and the curse felt stronger than before. Hadrian could feel his eyes sting with unshed tears, but he refused to let his father gain any satisfaction from his punishment. He knew the torture curse was more often used to break the victim, to humiliate them, to destroy them internally. The pain was merely the quickest way to achieve the result. No, he wouldn't let his father feel any gratification over this. "All these years of work, all this research to create the memory I implanted into that diary…wasted. I had to split a part of my soul for that diary. And you have the audacity to tell me that it's destroyed?" His father didn't wait for an answer, his eyes flashing a murderous shade of red before hissing the torture curse again. Hadrian felt as if his insides were being torn apart, twisted and stabbed hundreds of times. He gasped for air, but his throat closed up. His eyes watered and his face was slick with a sheen sweat. His knuckles were white from clenching is hands into a fist, and his palms were bleeding from the desperate way his nails dug into his hand. He cracked open an eye, and spit out- his tongue bleeding from where he'd bit it so hard to keep from crying out- "Are we going to ignore the fact that your memory-soul-whatever it was- tried to kill me ?" His father shrugged unconcernedly and leaned against his desk, dropping the curse to cross his arms across his chest. "Technically, my past self tried to kill you. Not me. And let me point out, you were the one who killed him ." Hadrian–too relieved that his father had finally stopped cursing the living daylights out of him–rambled sarcastically, "Technically, since it was last month, it was my past self that killed your past self . By that logic, why are you cursing my current-future self for something my past self did?" His father's eye twitched. Hadrian closed his eyes again, bracing himself again for the curse to fall from his father's lips. It never came. Instead, just as Lord Voldemort was about to raise his wand and curse the insolent brat till he bled out on the floor, the door to his personal study burst open. His head–and wand– snapped up to greet the intruder, annoyed at the interruption of the wonderful father-son moment. Lucius Malfoy stood uncomfortable in the doorway, pale blond hair in a disarray as if he had ran all the way there. His pale grey gaze brushed over Hadrian awkwardly, refusing to settle on the less than respectable state the boy was in. Hadrian's already red face flushed with more humiliation at the thought of him lying weakened and broken on the floor at the foot of his father's robes. "Uh, pardon the interruption, my lord, but we have an emergency." Lucius Malfoy muttered, looking down at his feet. Lord Voldemort's eyes narrowed into a serpentine slit, and his voice was dark and full of warning as he hissed, "Well, spit it out, Malfoy." "The negotiations at Wiltshire…My lord, they didn't go very well." Voldemort's expression darkened, and he prompted his follower to continue. "Well, we took our highest ranking men as you requested. But the mudbloods guarding the Wiltshire safe house, well, they didn't take too kindly to the idea that their fellow guards were willing to trade the safety of their community for information on the Order." Lucius winced, as if he were afraid his lord would curse him at any moment. Judging from the way he himself was sprawled on the floor, Hadrian did not think that was a terrible conclusion. "What happened, Lucius?" His father inquired threateningly. "They–the mudbloods– the Aurors came, my lord. There were almost a hundred of them. We don't understand how the mudbloods could've called them; it must've been someone in the town that tipped them off. The Aurors overpowered us by almost seventy men. They were ready to fight." Lucius rushed out. "Lucius…" The Dark Lord hissed, "What happened?" "My lord, Bellatrix managed to kill a handful of the mudbloods and Aurors before they approached, but there were too many. I managed to grab Nott, Avery, Rosier, and Rodolphus, and escape before they swarmed the city." His father pinched the bridge of his nose, and his eyes turned a terrifying shade of blood red, "The casualties, Malfoy?" "Almost ten of our men were killed, though we haven't identified them yet, since I came to inform you as soon as I arrived. But my lord…" Lucius winced, as if preparing himself for his next words, "Bellatrix Lestrange, Barty, Rabastan Lestrange, Mulciber, Travers, and who knows who else… they were all magically restrained and are currently being held in a cell in Azkaban. My sources tell me the Aurors rounded up anyone with a dark mark and placed them in Azkaban." Lucius muttered, his head hung low. Hadrian glanced up, an action which took far more effort than he anticipated, and observed his father's expression. While his father's expression remained blank, and devoid of all emotion, Hadrian could tell his eyes held a strange, unsurprised gleam. It was almost as if his father expected his followers to mess up. "Lucius–Prepare the second rank and meet me in front of Azkaban in exactly twenty-four hours. And Hadrian… get up." His father said sharply. Hadrian groaned from the floor, his muscles aching too much to do anything other than grunt out a muffled, "Kind of hard to get up when you're almost dead." Lucius raised an eyebrow, his slightly panicked gaze darting across the room in an effort not to look at the Dark Lord or his son. "I-I don't think I understand." Voldemort sighed, "What part of 'prepare the second rank followers and meet me at Azkaban in twenty-four hours' do you not seem to understand?" Lucius flinched, "If you will permit me to ask, my lord, why?" His father let out another loud sigh, seemingly disappointed in his most loyal follower for missing the obvious. "We're going to break our fellow men–and women– out of that despicable prison. Keep up, Lucius." "Pardon me, my lord. But did you say we were going to break prisoners out of Azkaban?" The Dark Lord seemed amused at Malfoy's befuddled expression, not even bothering to deem his question with a response. He walked toward the doors, gesturing for Lucius to follow. Voldemort's robes brushed over Hadrian's back as he stepped over his son on his way to the door. "Hadrian, prepare yourself by this time tomorrow. You'll be joining us." Hadrian simply rolled over onto