Author's Note : I've been re-writing this story, because I realized that I had improved quite a bit from the beginning. I've also decided to change a couple things, making the story AND its characters a bit more darker, colder, and complex. Not much has really changed, but enough for me to rewrite. (Unfortunately, I've also decided to change the Harry/Daphne relationship because I decided I didn't like the way I wrote Daphne. Don't worry; it's still going to be the main pairing along with Dramione. Just…tweaked a bit.) Potter Manor [July 31, 1980] The bead of sweat felt cool against her flushed skin. Lily Potter stared up at the ancient ceiling of Potter Manor, eyes filled with angry tears. She squeezed her husband's hand tighter and tighter, ignoring his distressed squeak. There was blood everywhere, staining the silky white sheets and covers of the bed. "That's it, Lady Potter. Just one more push, and you're done." The midwife coaxed from her position at the foot of the bed. With a final, ear-shattering screech, Lily Potter gave birth to her first son. The piercing cries filled the room, and Lily's murderous thoughts vanished at the sound. It was almost musical. She gasped softly, her chest still heaving with pain. Her eyes were closed, but her arms automatically reached for the newborn. Suddenly, there was a sharp pain in her abdomen, and her mouth dropped open to let out another bloodcurdling scream. James Potter whimpered. The midwife quickly handed the babe to another, and turned back to Lily Potter with a surprised expression. Her eyebrows creased, and her features contorted into one of curiosity. She knelt down, and instantly confirmed her suspicions. She concealed her shock, and in the most soothing voice she could muster she said, "Congratulations Lady Potter, you've been blessed with another son. You're having twins!" Blessed? Lily's hair was matted onto her forehead with a thin layer of sweat and her cheeks were covered with a sheer film of tears. Lily Potter clenched the bloodied sheets in her fist, her rage instantaneously multiplying tenfold at the thought of having to relive the torture. If she survived this, the midwife would be the first to die by her hands. James Potter sat at his wife's bedside, carefully holding a baby boy in his arms. He gazed down at the newborn almost reverently. He watched in wonder as his son curled his small hand around his large finger. His eyes filled with raw adoration for the boy, and he announced in a smooth, awed whisper, "I think I'll name you Alexander Albus Potter." The boy in his arms started to cry, the sound of wailing getting louder by the second. "I don't think he appreciates such a horrid name, James." Lily Potter commented wryly, rocking the other baby boy tiredly. The child stayed silent, staring into his mother's eyes with the same, piercing green eyes. James Potter frowned. "Didn't we agree that you would get to name one, and I would name the other? Besides, I think it's an impressive name. Who better to name him after, than the most important and powerful man this world has seen?" He adjusted the baby boy–Alexander–in his arms, but such a small movement only seemed to make the cries louder. "What about You-Know-Who? He's pretty powerful." She pointed out, watching the baby she was holding squirm in her arms. James snapped his gaze away from Alexander and gave his wife a look of utter disgust. "How can you even say such a thing? Lord–I mean, You-Know-Who– is no match for the power that radiates from our dear Headmaster. And I'd rather not name my child 'Voldemort'." "Former Headmaster." Lily corrected half-heartedly. She ran her hands through the soft wisps of black hair on her son's head. "I think I'll name this one Harry." The crying intensified. "Oh just give Alexander to me." Lily snapped finally, "You hold Harry." He smiled gratefully at his wife, and passed over the crying newborn without another thought. He plucked the silent Harry out of her arms and curiously looked down at him. His eyes are the exact shade of Avada Kedavra, James mused Potter Manor [ 1983] "Albus, please. You must tell us the entire prophecy." James Potter begged, wringing his hands in his lap. He stared at his former Headmaster across the desk. "I need to know how to keep my family safe from…You-Know-Who." Albus Dumbledore bore his gaze into the man across from him, blue eyes twinkling with a hidden emotion. He stroked his beard and peered over his half-moon spectacles. "James, my boy, I'm afraid by telling you, I would jeopardize the future of your sons." "W–What does the prophecy have to do with my sons, Headmaster?" James stuttered, his face quickly turning ashen at the thought of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named after his sons. "Please." He whispered once again. Dumbledore sighed heavily, and leaned back in the red plush chair. His expression was grave as he explained reluctantly, "One of your sons is involved in a prophecy that implies he has the power to vanquish the Dark Lord. He has unimaginable power, James. Only he can defeat Lord Voldemort." James flinched. Dumbledore continued, "Of course, do not worry James. I will do everything in my power to make sure your son encounters no harm. He will be protected, and I do not expect him to fight the Dark Lord." Dumbledore paused, "Your family is worth much more to me than defeating Voldemort. I will personally keep him safe him at all costs." Shakily, James Potter shook his head. "If my son is the only one who can defeat the Dark Lord, then I will make sure he is ready. He is our world's only hope, and we must not let it go to waste." He squared his shoulders and said more strongly, "My son will fight the Dark Lord, and he will be the savoir to the Wizarding population." He looked curiously at Dumbledore, "Do you know which of my sons it is? Surely it cannot be both." "We have our suspicions." Dumbledore admitted. "Based on magical capability, the Order has decided that Alexander is most suited to be the child of the prophecy. He has shown strong bouts of accidental magic and waves of power." James sucked in a sharp breath, and his eyes hardened with a new resolve. "Then he will do it. We will train Alexander, and we will make him the strongest wizard the world has seen." Dumbledore raised an eyebrow, his expression one of faux concern. "Are you absolutely sure of this James? Do not make any rash decisions. Are you truly willing to sacrifice your son for this war?" James Potter nodded. "If he is the only one who can defeat You-Know-Who, then he will do it. He is our savior." Hiding a secret smile, Dumbledore agreed solemnly, "It's all for the Greater Good." Potter Manor [1986] Harry Potter watched silently as his mother cooed over his brother, Alexander. He noticed her deep green eyes almost seemed to glow with happiness as she twirled him around the spotless marble foyer of Potter Manor. She never looked at him that way. He suppressed the bitter thought with an imperceptible shake of the head. It would do no good to think such things. Barely hiding his sullenness, Harry slinked toward the back staircase, escaping through the confines of Potter Manor through a hidden door. His absence went unnoticed. Harry walked steadily across the manicured lawns of his childhood home, carefully glancing over his shoulder every few seconds. He knew his family wouldn't notice his lack of presence for quite a while, but nevertheless, his hands clenched in paranoia. He brushed a lock of dark hair away from his eyes. It was getting too long. His expression turned sour as he realized he'd have to remind his parents to get it cut soon. They never remembered anything when it came to him. And why would they? He wasn't the supposed savoir of the entire Wizarding World. The entire world revolved around Alexander. He was the one that got private lessons from Mr. Dumbledore. He was the one his parents constantly doted on. He was the one who would have a ball thrown in honor of his sixth birthday, later today. Their birthday. Harry rolled his eyes. They were twins for Merlin's sake. It was his birthday too . As he approached the throng of evergreens that marked the property line, Harry rubbed his wrist in thought. Why was he always ignored? Why did he feel so abandoned in his own home? Perhaps it was because he had yet to utter a single word. While his brother chattered away, always babbling some nonsense, Harry preferred to stay silent. He liked to observe people and never voiced his thoughts. His parents probably even considered him as mute. He settled himself onto a large tree stump and rested his chin on his palm thoughtfully. Maybe his parents ignored him because he wasn't as skilled with magic as Alexander. Quickly, he shook off the thought. It was clear that Alexander had more sparks of accidental magic. But Harry could control his magic. His eyes lit up as he thought of the things he could do with the powerful magic that was always wrapped around him, twisting around his body in an almost suffocating way. Despite his convincing internal argument, Harry opened his palm and raised it towards the sky. He concentrated intensely, a small crease forming between his eyebrows. He felt it then, the surge of magic shoot through his veins and erupt in green flames that danced in his hand. The flames didn't seem to hurt him; instead they caressed his skin with tingles of warmth. He smiled, reassured. No, he was definitely stronger than Alexander. "Impressive." Harry glanced up abruptly, the flame in his hand fizzling out. A wide grin broke out on his face when he turned in the direction of the smooth voice. "Tom." He breathed, quickly scrambling up to greet the tall man. "I read the book, Tom. I read it all." The man regarded him amusedly, concealing the impressed look that was threatening to show on his chiseled features. "I can see that. Only a powerful wizard can conjure green flames." Harry preened under Tom's approving gaze. His smile turned mischievous as he shyly kicked around a small rock on the forest floor and said, "Aren't you forgetting something, Tom?" The man feigned ignorance. "I don't think so, Harry. I don't usually forget anything. Do you dare to insinuate that I have forgot something?" He raised an eyebrow challengingly, although his tone was light. Harry stared back defiantly, even crossing his arms so he looked the perfect picture of a petulant child before a tantrum. " To–om." He ground out, gritting his teeth. "You know today is my birthday." Tom ran a hand through his ink black hair carelessly, and–to Harry's growing ire–he shrugged nonchalantly. "I suppose it is." His thin lips peeled back to reveal a small smile, although Harry noted that it didn't seem to reach his eyes. Tom never truly smiled. "I don't suppose you'll accept this gift as an apology?" He pulled a present wrapped in shiny green paper out of his robes. Despite his front of annoyance, Harry eyed the present longingly. He bit his lip and begrudgingly accepted the gift when his eagerness to unwrap the present took over. He neatly unfolded the tasteful green wrapping paper, revealing an old, ancient looking tome in his lap. He glanced up curiously, "It's a book." He scrunched up his eyebrows in confusion as he read the title. "The Toadstool Tales? What is this?" Tom raised a single brow, "It is a book on fairy tales." Harry resisted the strong urge to roll his eyes. "You've always told me how I have to keep your existence a secret from everyone. I don't think you would risk coming