A/N: One shot, Rated T for language and sexual themes, Takes place after the Final Battle when they all come back for an 8 th year, Kind of AU (As in things are far more lighthearted than they would be in cannon, probably). Enjoy! Harry Potter was enjoying a pleasant breakfast in the Great Hall before he headed off to the quidditch pitch for an early Sunday morning practice. They had a match against Slytherin next week, and as Quidditch captain he would make sure everyone was at their best. He tuned out the usual bickering of his two best friends and he reached for the toast. His eyes lit up as he saw Ginny entering the Great Hall. Maybe she would shut them up. Or at least force them to be pleasant. She shot him a small smile as she settled into the seat across from Hermione, next to her brother. Harry smoothly buttered his toast and held back a smirk when he saw Ginny whack her brother's head rather roughly. It was an overall normal morning. That is, until the letter came. The grey owl had a haughty gaze in its wise grey eyes as it dropped the letter in the middle of the table. It was almost regal in the way it perched against the plate. "Shoo." Ron said as he tried to push the owl away. The owl gave him one fierce look, before snapping its beak at his fingers in a threatening manner. "Bloody devil creature." He glared. Hermione chuckled. "Shut up, Ron. He won't hurt you. And he's not going to leave until we read the letter. Quite an intelligent owl, aren't you?" She cooed. She stroked the owl's soft feathers and smiled as it hooted softly. "See? He's harmless." Ron eyed the owl wearily and reached out a hand. His frustration increased when the owl nipped at his finger. "Are you sure about that?" He pointed his now bleeding finger at the owl, "That thing is a menace." "Honestly, Ronald. It's just an owl." Hermione huffed, gently detaching the letter from the owl's leg. "I wonder whose it is?" She wondered aloud. She opened the letter and began to read. Her eyebrows furrowed in confusion. "What the hell?" She muttered when she finished reading. "What is it?" Ginny asked, craning to read the paper from across the table. "What does it say?" Her voice lowered, "Is this about the contraceptive potion you ordered?" Ron flushed a bright shade of red, "A what now?" "Nothing." Ginny blurted out, suddenly finding great interest in her scrambled eggs. Hermione cleared her throat, "It's addressed to all of us. Look." She laid the letter in the middle of the four. Harry looked at the parchment and raised his eyebrows. "Dearest Boy-Who-Never-Dies, Weasel, She-Weasel, and Muggle Know-it-all" Harry began to read in a rather amused tone. "We have come across quite an interesting secret that might be worth knowing, as it includes you. If you wish to find out, meet us in the Room of Requirement at 11 pm. Tonight." Harry glanced up and scanned the room for the culprits. He narrowed his eyes when his gaze landed on the four people sitting at the table across the room. "The Slytherins." He finished. There was silence. Then a moment later, "Should we go?" Instantly Ginny said. "Of course." "No!" Ron spat, at the same time. The siblings glared at each other fiercely. "Why not?" Harry shrugged, finishing his breakfast and standing up. "What's the worst that could happen?" Ron paled, "We could become sacrifices to You-Know-Who." "He's dead, Ron." All three of the Gryffindors snapped with annoyance clearly written on their faces. Ron frowned, "Oh yeah." "I don't know." Hermione murmured. "What if it's a prank?" "Live a little, Hermione." Harry nudged her shoulder. "Besides, don't you want to know what the secret is?" Ginny nodded and chimed in, "It has to do with you. Don't you just have to know what it is?" Hermione scowled, "Fine. But only because I want to make sure you three don't do something stupid." Ginny made a faux offended face, "Why I neve-" "Save it." Hermione said, standing up from the table. "Whose bright idea was it to go skinny dipping last week in the Black Lake?" She shook her head as she followed Harry towards the doors. "It's November, for cripes sake!" As night approached, the three Gryffindors snuck quietly out of the dormitory. The Fat Lady gave them a disapproving look, but didn't say anything. They quickly met up with Hermione at the Heads' Quarters and headed to the Room of Requirement in a comfortable silence. "What do you think it is?" Ron bellowed. Well it was silent. "Ssshh!" Ginny hissed as she saw movement in the corner of her eye. "I think that was Filch's cat!" "We should have used the invisibility cloak." Ron muttered. "Ronald, you are an idiot." Hermione grumbled. "How do you expect all four of us to fit under one small cloak? We aren't eleven anymore!" He scratched the back of his neck sheepishly, "Oh yeah." They waited at the front of the Room as Harry walked past it three times. The door appeared from the walls, and they walked in slowly. "We weren't expecting you to actually come." A snobbish voice echoed off the walls in the room. The Gryffindors turned and saw four Slytherins sitting on the couches in the middle of the room. Draco Malfoy sat on one of the couches with his best friend, Blaise Zabini. Across from them on the other couch were Daphne Greengrass and Pansy Parkinson. They hesitantly made their way to the remaining couch and Hermione and Ginny sat down. "Where am I supposed to sit?" Ron asked, resting his hands on Hermione's shoulders. Draco narrowed his eyes for a split second. "On the floor, like the dog you are." He snickered. Daphne Greengrass rolled her eyes at the childish remark and conjured up another couch. "Why are we here?" Hermione asked bluntly, sitting up straight and crossing her legs. Her ankle bounced up and down in the air, and Draco found his eyes locked on the pesky little movement. "We found something strange the other day, and we thought you might want to know about it." Blaise explained, running a hand nervously through his hair. "We don't know what it means yet, but it has all our names in it." "What do you mean?" Ginny asked, perplexed by the strange explanation. "It's hard to explain, just look." Daphne said, pushing a manila envelope into Ginny's lap. Ginny looked at Hermione, who nodded for her to continue. She carefully peeled open the flap, and pulled out the materials. She looked baffled at the contents. "What is it?" She finally asked. "We aren't exactly sure." Daphne said. "But look at this." She handed Hermione a piece of parchment. Hermione's eyes narrowed as she read the sheet. "It's a link." She declared, standing up. "A link? To what? And where are you going? I doubt the library can help us with this." Draco stated with a smirk. "I'm getting my laptop." Hermione answered, choosing to ignore the library comment. "Your what? Is that some muggle torture device?" Pansy Parkinson frowned, but she had already left the room. "Potter?" Harry glanced up, startled. His eyes landed on the pretty blonde girl that had called his name. He was surprised she actually addressed him civilly. "What's a laptop?" She asked, her brows crinkling in puzzlement. Harry grinned widely at the absurdity of it all. "Well Greengrass, it's the muggle version of magic and you can do almost anything on it…." She raised her eyes to meet his and sea blue crashed with emerald green. "Oh really?" She licked her lips, "Anything?" He leaned closer and whispered amusedly, "Anything." "If you two are done with the foreplay, can we move on?" Pansy complained, examining her wicked sharp nails. "Tell me about it." Ron groaned. "I want to get out of here as soon as possible. Just because we don't want to kill each other now doesn't mean that we're best friends." The awkward silence that followed was deafening. It lasted until Hermione finally walked into the room. "I had to rewire and fiddle with it a bit to get it to work around magic, but I got it!" Hermione exclaimed, carrying a sleek black thing. Everyone sighed in relief; the silence was a tad bit too suffocating. She propped it open on her lap and glanced at the paper. The brief taps of keys filled the room and she glanced up with an unreadable expression on her face. "What is it?" Blaise asked curiously, "I can't see anything." Hermione laughed, "That's because the screen is facing me. Privacy, you know?" She turned the screen towards the others, "Look at this." "It hurts my eyes. Why is it so bright?" Pansy grumbled from her spot. "No wonder you muggles have terrible eyesight." "What exactly are we looking at?" Harry asked. "Oh Merlin." Hermione's eyes widened as she scrolled down the page. "I can't believe this!" "What?" Seven voices demanded, each squinting to read the tiny writing. She pointed to the various titles and scrolled down even further to prove her point. "These are all stories." "Granger, you just showed us a library." Blaise said sarcastically, clapping his hands in a mocking manner. "Congratulations." She narrowed her eyes, "You daft idiot. These are all about us." Hermione rolled her eyes and sighed with exasperation when she saw all the blank looks she was getting. "These stories," She repeated slowly, "Are all about us, our lives, and things that didn't even happen!" It took about two seconds for the room to be enveloped in chaos. Utter Chaos. "What?" "People are writing about me?" "I don't understand?" "I'm famous?" "I'm flattered that all these people are writing about me, but how do these muggles even know about me?" Draco drawled. "That's not our biggest problem. There are thousands of these stories on just this fanfiction dot com website. They go from 'Why Draco Malfoy loves to sing' to "Ronald Weasley: Ultimate Weasel " "I like the last one, lets read it!" Pansy clapped her hands. Hermione hid a smile and tapped the link. She cleared her throat and began to read aloud: When Ronald Weasley was angry, he sometimes resembled a Weasel. His angry face turned red and his fists were against his chest, ready to punch anyone that came near him. Today, Ronald Weasley was very pissed. Why? Because he had caught Seamus Flannigan trying to get into his sister's pants behind the statue of Merlin in the second floor corridor. "Ginny!" Ron hissed, "You can't go around shagging every bloke you meet! Have some respect!" "Ronald, it's just a story." Hermione reminded him. "Oh yeah." He flushed almost instantly. "Back to the story!" Daphne eagerly announced. Ginny glared at her brother. "Ron, you aren't my dad! Go away!" Ronald grimaced as he saw McMillan attack his sister's tonsils. Reluctantly, he walked away pondering whether he should send a note to his mum about Ginny's unladylike behavior. This occurred several times over the past few months. He would catch his sister in a compromising position with some random bloke almost everywhere. He almost lost count and it sickened him. Finally he had had enough. " Ginny! I'm sick of your slaggish behavior! You've turned into such a tart!" He shouted one day. Ginny glared at her brother, "I can't believe you of all people are saying that!" " What's that supposed to mean?!" Ron barked. " I know what you've been doing in your spare time." A wicked smirk came over her features, "Or rather who you've been doing." " I have no idea what you are talking about." Ron insisted adamantly, crossing his arms. " Oh come off it!" Ginny snapped. "I know you've been shagging Parkinson! You go around telling me I'm