A/N: Yes, I know I probably should not have started a new story, but I couldn't help it. It was dying to be written. No, I'm not abandoning any of my other stories. This story takes place in 5 th year, right after the Gryffindors have started their Dumbledore's Army. The characters are a bit OOC, but I tried my best to not make them completely different people. Pairings will be a surprise (though it might become quite obvious later on), the only thing I will say is that this IS Dramione. Main Characters: Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley, Ginny Weasley, Draco Malfoy, Pansy Parkinson, Daphne Greengrass, and Theodore Nott Warning: This story will have dark themes, this chapter has dark themes, and so overall trigger warning for the entire story. Please Review, I love reading them and I really appreciate constructive criticism! Room of Requirement [November 23 rd ] "This is a bad idea," Pansy Parkinson muttered under her breath, digging her nails into her skirt in an attempt to stop her nervous twitching, "This is probably one of the worst ideas you've had since first year, Draco." The blond did not answer her, choosing to stare stoically at the massive double doors that melded into the wall. His hair was effortlessly groomed into a sleek style, and his cloak was artfully creased around his shoulders in a perfect picture of aristocratic fashion. To the casual observer, Draco Malfoy looked to be completely fine. To a couple of other witches, probably more than fine. However, Pansy Parkinson was no plain old witch, nor was she a casual observer. She had known Draco Malfoy for almost an entire decade and she'd even spent the better part of third and fourth year completely in love with him. By now, she'd picked up on a few things and learned to recognize nearly every single facial tick of his. His cold, steel colored eyes might have looked unforgiving and cruel to others, but Pansy saw the underlying resignation and turmoil he suppressed every time he glanced up. His sharp features and chiseled jawline might've attracted quite a few witches, but Pansy could only see the dark circles under his eyes (which he tried to carefully cover with glamour charms every morning) and the way his cheekbones made his pale face seem unnaturally gaunt. She was no fool. She knew of every snarky, jealousy-filled rumor the little chits in her year had spread about her. She tried to ignore the laughter about her too skinny hips and her pug nose. She heard all the strangled screams that came from the dungeons at Parkinson Manor after her parents dismissed her to her bedroom. Yes, Pansy Parkinson was no fool–she knew this was the only choice they had, regardless of her reluctance. "Is this really our only option?" Daphne Greengrass wondered, voicing Pansy's unsaid hesitation, "Maybe we can–" "Greengrass, we've spent months discussing everything. Do you think any of us want to do this? We can't back out now, we're quite literally standing outside the door." Draco Malfoy finally spoke, still not letting his gaze stray from the door ahead of him. "Technically, we haven't opened said door yet, so we still have time to change our minds." Daphne pointed out, "I think–" She was cut off by the arrival of a certain Theodore Nott, who leaned against the closest wall and slid slowly down in a tired heap. "I-I did my best to distract the pink toad," Theo panted. He held up a hand indicating for them to wait while he bent over his knees and gasped for air. "I locked her inside her office and just ran. I couldn't think of anything else." "Did you make sure nobody else was lingering in the halls?" Pansy Parkinson asked, wringing her hands nervously in the cold corridor. "We have to make sure this is the right place before we do anything." Theodore Nott rolled his eyes, "I sent Crabbe and Goyle to stand guard on either side of the hallway. I think we're in the clear." Daphne Greengrass tugged on the sleeves of her jumper, her anxiousness reflecting all of their inner thoughts. She turned her bright blue eyes to the wall in front of them whispered hesitantly, "D–Do you think we're doing the right thing?" Draco Malfoy began pacing in front of the wall, although unlike his fellow companions, his steps were determined and unwavering. He stared unblinkingly at the doors and sucked in a shaky breath. "Greengrass, I don't even know what's right or wrong anymore, " He muttered lifelessly. "But I know what is needed of us. And that's all I can do right now." They stared at the door together, knowing once they opened the door to the other side, there would be no going back. Pansy discreetly glanced at each of her friends; making sure only sincere resolve was reflected back in their gazes. She could detect a bit of nervousness–well, quite a bit of nervousness–some fear, and some paranoia, but they were all sincere, nevertheless. Good . She would never let anyone do this if they were even the slightest bit undecided. In fact, she'd probably Obliviate them on the spot if saw even a sliver of doubt in their eyes, simply out of fear of the consequences for that person, and for herself. This was no longer a game. This was their entire future they were about to gamble with. "Ready?" Theo asked quietly, standing up and forcing his clenched fists into a relaxed position. His shoulders, however, remained tense. Almost as if they were coiled back and ready to spring up at any threat. Draco sighed heavily, and before he could change his mind, he pushed open the doors. Briefly, he registered his friends following him inside the room. The sight was one to behold, if Pansy had anything to say about it. There were around twenty students from various houses–mostly Gryffindor–launching spells at one another and dummies sheathed in rusty armor. They were all intently focused on one another, adjusting their footwork and positioning every once in a while in order to better hit their respective targets. And right in the center, in the midst of all this organized chaos stood the Savior of the Wizarding World, the Chosen One, the Boy Who Lived, the one and only, Mr. Harry Potter. Pansy watched him as he slowly walked around the room, fixing someone's wand movements or demonstrating the proper way to create a shield charm. His hair was tousled into an unruly mess, and his shirt was wrinkled and stained with sweat. She rolled her eyes. For someone trying to create a little baby student army, Potter was remarkably slow to respond to their unexpected visit. What would he have done if actual Death Eaters had shown up? Her stomach clenched uncomfortably at the thought. It was time to take matters into her own hands. She cleared her throat loudly, enjoying the way the third year closest to her nearly toppled over in shock. Almost immediately, students that were dueling each other froze in surprise and their spells died on their lips. "Is that how you greet a guest, Potter?" She smirked, raising an eyebrow at him in question. Harry Potter gaped open-mouthed at their group of four in surprise. He did recover quickly enough, Pansy had to admit rather grudgingly, but he still fumbled trying to get his wand out of his pocket. Granger was faster than him, however, and she immediately raised her wand at them and stepped forward, a hostile expression plastered onto her face. She pushed a couple of the younger years behind her and glared at them. "What are you doing here?" She hissed in a scathing tone, "I think you've gotten lost on your way to the dungeons." Draco scoffed, "We're not lost, Granger," He paused and his lips curved upwards, "We were looking for you." "Come to report us to that horrible Umbridge, haven't you?" Ronald Weasley asked accusingly. He was gripping his wand so tightly in his hands that it turned his knuckles white. "For once in your lifetime, Weasel, you've gotten something correct." Pansy smiled wickedly. "Now, I'm feeling a bit nice today. So I'll tell you what. Granger, and Weasley can stay, but unless you want to get all your precious little Gryffindor ducklings into detention scrubbing cauldrons with Snape, I'd suggest you send them away before we make a scene." Potter frowned at them, "Why would you do that?" "Are you going to question my judgment as a member of the Inquisitorial Squad, Potter? I can always just dock points from your entire house as punishment." Pansy tapped the shiny silver "I" badge on her robes with her perfectly manicured nail to prove her authority. Harry Potter seemed to be struggling internally with the decision, but finally his Hero-complex won out and he sighed, gesturing for the rest of the room to leave. The students looked slightly confused and concerned as they collected their belongings, but they would never question Harry Potter. Eventually, Neville Longbottom began to herd them out the door to speed up the process. He paused and shot the Golden Trio a worried glance before he left with the rest of the group, closing the door behind him. Draco pointed to the girl Weasley and frowned, "What is she still doing here? We said only you three." "My name is Ginny . And I'm not leaving. You have four people too, so now we're even. I'm not going to let you even think about trying anything." The redheaded girl sneered, crossing her arms over her chest. Theo grinned, "Feisty. I like that." Daphne slapped the side of his head, "Not now, you idiot. We're in the middle of something. Go flirt later." "Can you do us a favor and tell us what the hell you want?" Hermione demanded peevishly, tapping her foot angrily against the floor. "Patience, Granger," Draco Malfoy said quietly, "But first: Expelliarmus!" The spell took them off guard, and Draco easily secured all their wands in his left hand. He took a moment to savor the look of absolute outrage on their faces. Just to annoy the Golden Trio even further, he picked up Hermione Granger's wand in his hand and studied it for a second. He whispered a spell and flicked it over his hand, conjuring up a box. To his surprise, the vine wood warmed in his hands as his magic naturally shot through the wand without resistance. He glanced up at Granger and hid a smirk at the ferocious, harpy-like expression she was currently sporting. She stared at her wand, which was currently in his hands with a look of complete betrayal, almost. He turned to face his fellow companions. "I'll be needing your wands too," He ordered. The Gryffindors watched on confusedly as the Slytherins, including Malfoy, deposited all their wands into the box he had conjured. When everyone's wand was inside the box, Malfoy pushed the box into a corner of the room, and turned to face everyone else. He seemed to be concentrating on something, and then a second later, the defense training room they were used to morphed into a smaller room that emulated a cozy den of sorts. "If you'll take a seat." Draco gestured to the couches that had appeared in the center of the room, "We can begin our explanation." When they took no action to move, he snapped, "Now." Hermione and Ginny uncomfortably sat on the edge of the crème colored sofa while Harry and Ron took the plushy armchairs beside them. Draco Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson sat opposite the two girls, while Theo Nott and Daphne Greengrass took the remaining couch. "What is going on?" Harry Potter demanded, "Why are we sitting in couches and not being thrown at Umbdrige's feet as a sacrifice of sorts?" "Before we begin, we'd like to request that you promise to