Author's Note Hello all! This is my very first fanfic! I actually been working on this fanfic for a while, but I have been working up the courage to put in on FFN for others to read. The story follows an Elf named Eleniel Vanglirtána. (Pronounced Eh-le-nee-ell Vahn-gleer-than-nah). It will eventually turn into a 10th walker fanfic, the storyline will mainly follow the events in the movies, but there are times that you will notice that I incorporated some of my favorite parts of the books. I hope that you will like the story! Please read and review! Disclaimer: I do not own LotR! Everything belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien except for Eleniel Vanglirtána. My World Ends with You Laurelindórenan, the Land of the Valley of Singing Gold, was known for many years for its ancient mallorn trees that towered over all other trees in the land in height and beauty. The canopy of the trees remained a constant gold. In autumn, the leaves turn a beautiful golden only to fall in spring. Yet in place of the leaves, bloomed golden flowers on the silver boughs. Years passed and the woods came to be known as, simply, Lothlórien. Their beauty forgotten, history lost, and myths grew. None dared to enter the Golden Woods. But, nonetheless, this is where Elves created a sanctuary from the evil tidings that spread through the land and undisturbed they were for many centuries for the wisest of the Wise, Lord Celeborn, and the Fairest of the Elves, Lady Galadriel, ruled and protected the Golden Wood and at their side stood their youngest daughter, Eleniel Vanglirtána. Chapter One: My World Began with You "Eleniel…. I want you to meet someone…" A soft voice floated through the gentle breeze passing through the wondrous trees of Lothlórien. Galadriel, the Lady of Light, garbed in a flowing white gown, glided toward the two small Elf children sitting beneath the tallest mallorn tree of the forest and with her was an old wizard in grey, a tall male Elf, and an Elfling that were not from Lothlórien. Of the two Elflings of Lothlórien, there was a male that was slightly older than the other, a small maiden. Haldir was his name. His face held a strong composure for one so young for he stood up swiftly to welcome the approaching group. His stance radiated the utmost respect for the approaching Lady of Light, but it was also held a sense of fortification for the Elfling maiden. Haldir was truly a warrior in the making as he was already skilled with the sword that he carried. A gift from the Lady of Light for she saw that one day this Elfling was to be the warrior that would protect her kin. The other Elfing was the youngest daughter of the Lord and the Fair Lady of Lothlórien, Eleniel Vanglirtána. Her parents named her after silver eyes, which were a beauty that only the radiance of the stars could imitate. She looked up at Haldir then turned and stood to the Lady approaching them to give a lopsided curtsey. She was still young and still learning the elegance of her race. This little one grinned widely when she examined the approaching group. "I welcome you to our beautiful home of Caras Galadhon! My name is Eleniel Vanglirtána and this is my friend, Haldir." Her tiny voice squeaked with a giggle as she curtseyed again, but this time she bent down too deeply and almost fell over. Haldir caught her just before she hit the ground and then stood her upright. Eleniel started giggling uncontrollably and apologizing to her Elfling protector. "Galadriel, I must say that your newborn is quite a charming one and so talented in Westron at such a young age!" This compliment came from the tall Elf adorned in green and brown clothing, which was nothing like the garb of the Elves of Lothlórien, and atop his head rested a silver crown shaped like leaves. "Gandalf has generously taken the liberty to be her tutor." Galadriel smiled as she held the old wizard's arm. "Weaving together a mind like hers is quite the thrill." the old wizard laughed under his wide brimmed hat. He patted Galadriel's hand with delight then continued speaking to Thranduil. "So many questions run through her young mind. She keeps me on my toes." The elders laughed among themselves as Gandalf continued to tease the little Elf maiden. "Gandalf!" little Eleniel beamed as she ran up to the group of elders. She wrapped her short arms around the wizard's legs to receive a pat on the head. "How is my pupil?" Gandalf asked. "Always having you run for answers!" Eleniel giggled at their little inside joke. Gandalf chuckled as he ushered Eleniel to her mother. She smiled widely at his gesture then wrapped her small fingers around her mother's hand to meet the new noble. Easily the young Elfling could see that their visitor was from a different Elven realm. "Hello Eleniel! My name is Thranduil and this is my youngest son, Legolas. We are from Mirkwood in the North." The young princeling stepped out from in back of the Mirkwood king and little Eleniel took the time to examine her new friend closely. He was as tall as her friend, Haldir, in meeting the elbows of their elders. What fascinated her was not his straight golden hair nor the crown that rested atop his head, but his amorous orbs a bright blue. "Your eyes!" Eleniel squeaked then ran up to her new friend to get a closer look. Legolas uncomfortably shifted as the younger Elfling stood on her toes to hold his face in her hands. "They are beautiful!" Their elders chuckled amongst themselves for they were happy that their youngest Elflings were able to meet. "And your eyes are a lovely bright grey as the bark of the Lórien Woods in the morn and the stars of the midnight sky." Legolas smiled as he reached up cautiously to touch her cheek. The young maiden overlooked his adoring gesture as she immersed herself in his eyes. "Your eyes remind me of water in the Silverlode River!" Eleniel giggled. "I have not seen the Silverlode River before. Is it beautiful?" "Oh! We must go, Prince Legolas! The water is a brilliant blue and sparkles in the sun as if stars bathed in it!" "Maybe not at this moment, my Eleniel. I would like you to stay near the fountain for now." Galadriel smiled. "Then may I admire at his eyes longer?" Eleniel pouted. "I think that is, Prince Legolas' decision and not mine." "May I, Prince Legolas?" asked Eleniel to the Prince of Mirkwood. "Anything you want." Legolas grinned to the younger Elfling. With that Eleniel continued to examine his bright blue eyes while Legolas continued to look at the golden leaves above to prevent himself from staring at the young maiden. "So please tell us, little Eleniel… What were you doing before we interrupted?" Thranduil asked to keep the little Elfling to continue talking and find out more about her growing personality. Eleniel looked up at the King with Legolas' face squished between her hands. Even so patient was the young prince. He found himself stealing a glance of Eleniel. "You did not interrupt us, my King. Haldir and I were trying to decide what game we should play today. I wanted to spar with him, but Haldir did not wish for me to get hurt." "A little elleth, such as yourself, playing with swords?" "Gandalf thought it was best if we train her in the ways of the Galadhrim and Celeborn agreed to it with no hesitation after what happened to our Celebrian… Our Eleniel sees it as a game so she is eager to learn... and she makes young Haldir teach her what he is currently learning from the marchwardens." Galadriel explained. "You should see her in action. Quite a fierce little fighter. She almost took down Haldir twice!" the old wizard praised. "Celeborn would be proud the day that happens, but even prouder if she took down one of yours! Sometimes I think that he should have had a son and you a daughter." Gandalf teased the Mirkwood king. Thranduil laughed with their wizard friend when Galadriel interrupted. "I warn you, King Thranduil, with so many princes in Mirkwood, that even if you were to have a daughter she may end up like my Eleniel." Galadriel sighed as she straightened Eleniel's diadem. "Ah, I believe that Legolas is my last, but I would not mind a daughter if she were like your Eleniel. Your daughter's partiality to the way of the sword intrigues me! Nothing is better than having a warrior maiden as your companion. Right Legolas?" Thranduil laughed as Galadriel smiled lovingly down to her little Elfling and the young Mirkwood prince. The prince glanced away from his father with hesitation in his eyes as if he was disagreeing with his father's statement, but still forced a slow nod. Eleniel's charming smile faded as she noted the prince's saddened eyes then removed her hands from his face. Legolas was taken back from the missing warmth of her small hands. His wide eyes watched in wonder, only to realize that she only wished to do something to see his smile once more. "Ah!" Eleniel suddenly squeaked as she grabbed Thranduil's hand with a pleading look up at the Mirkwood king, and with a pull of on his robe to gain all of his attention. Galadriel cast a look of disapproval of her daughter's discourtesy toward the noble. But, ever attentive, Gandalf placed a hand on the small of her back to calm her and a nod of his head asked for her to watch the events unfold. "King Thranduil, if I may ask... Can Prince Legolas play with Haldir and I? I promise not to get him hurt!" "Your boldness is enchanting! Of course you may, Eleniel!" Thranduil laughed then knelt down to whisper in her ear. "But I warn you, Legolas is fairly good with a sword as well." "Really!?" Eleniel spun to Legolas and took both of his hands in hers. "Maybe you can beat Haldir in a spar! Never have I, but you definitely can!" Legolas grinned widely. "Come Legolas!" Eleniel pulled the young prince toward Haldir then grabbed her friend's hand. "Haldir! This is Legolas of Mirkwood. He is King Thranduil's youngest son!" Legolas stepped forward and they each rested a hand on the others shoulder and nodded in a greeting. Immediately, tension could be felt in the air as the two Elflings stared down each other. "Shall we partake in a duel?" Legolas grinned anxiously awaiting his chance to show the little maiden his skill. "So eager to begin a fight." Said Haldir with his head cocked to the side. "Do all Elves of Mirkwood think with their sword?" "We must to protect those close to our heart." Legolas answered as he removed his hand from Haldir's shoulder then examined the hilt resting on his hip. "But I see that you live by that notion as well." Haldir's eyes narrowed at his words as Eleniel looked back and forth between the two with a blissfully oblivious smile on her face. "The blade was a gift from the Lady." Haldir answered. "I have been sworn in by the grace of the Lord and Lady to be Eleniel's protector." "Then I wish to win the Lord and Lady's favor as well." Legolas grinned down at the newborn Elfling. "I have taken a strange liking toward her personality." "She is not afraid to speak her mind, if that is what bought your attention." Haldir chuckled. "A pact then, we will protect her together." Haldir grinned widely with a pat on the prince's shoulder and with a nod Legolas accepted the promise that they made that day. Legolas then placed a hand on Eleniel's head and gave her a charming smile. "May