Lothiriel Dol Amroth stood at the train station with the countless others who were there for the same reason she was. Children stood with their mothers, bundled warm against the cold. It was almost Thanksgiving in the year 1918 and everyone awaited this train. It was the last to come through Charlotte and Lothiriel had her whole life coming to home. She looked to her right at her mother, always a picture of pristine lady-likeness, never more modern than necessary. Her mother still clung to the Victorian era of modesty but allowed Lothiriel some freedom to choose her own style. Today for example, her mother wore a royal blue high sitting skirt and simple white blouse that buttoned almost up to her lips, a simple yet elegant brooch and a matching royal blue hat, one of her favorites from before the War. Her hat was pinned to her head with a tasteful pearl and opal matching set of hat pins shoved deep into her pulled up yet gently disheveled hair. Lothiriel on the other hand wore a loose fitting cream dress with a single strand of pearls and her hair down in a loose braid and a royal blue hat that was adorned with a large peacock feather on the side. While her mother wore a heavy grey shawl, Lothiriel wore, instead, a tweed coat mother of pearl buttons. She knew her cheeks were a most unladylike shade of pink but she could not have cared more about the state of her appearance. She shifted impatiently and thought to ask her mother how much longer it might be but decided against it because she did not particularly want a lecture on how a perfect lady is always patient and never in a hurry. However, to be honest, her mother was just as nervous as she was right now. On this train hopefully were her three brothers, father, and two cousins who had left almost two years ago now. While it was difficult to know for sure all eight of them were on the train there had been no black cars to their house, which was very thankful, but then again news was traveling slowly so it could conceivably only be a matter of time. At long last the slow sad sound of the train whistle was heard in the distance. She reached out to her mother and took her nephew Alphros from her arms. "Will papa be on the train?" He asked her sweetly as she adjusted his ear muffs. Her nephew was four, bright blue eyes, and a nose that matched her with a slight turn up. His lips were his mothers, full bottom lip but rather thin upper lip; he was as handsome as his father and she hoped that he would grow up to be just as sensible but her desire for adventure. "I hope so little prince." She kissed his forehead and smoothed down his hair. In a few moments the train station would be overflowing with both joy and sorrow. And, as if it could hold more people, they would all be packed in the confined area hugging, kissing, weeping. These next few moments would be the most emotional moments of her life. She sighed and tried to calm her heart that felt as if it might actually beat out of her chest. Her muscles felt every bit of the anticipation that filled her mind. What if they were hurt so badly they were unable to find work? What if they all did not return? There were so many "what ifs" her mind could not possibly comprehend them all, surely if she tried her brain would simply explode. At last the train pulled in and halted in the station. The shrill whistle blew announcing to anyone in a four block radius that it was in fact here. It was as if all at once the entire platform full of people inhaled their air at once. Then the train began to empty. The dress uniforms of the men ranged in color from a drab olive green of the Army, dress blues or white of the Navy, and the darkest of blues of the Marine uniforms. She searched the many faces of men for her family. At long last she saw the gray eyes that could only belong to a member of the Dol Amroth family. The eyes stood out against the midnight blue of a Marine's uniform protected from the sun by his crisp white hat. All of her brothers and her father were Marines, her cousins too. All of them would be in their dress uniforms like Erchirion was, all of them looking sharp, a little weary, but sharp. "Lothiriel!" Hearing her name only confirmed what she already knew, Erchirion, her middle brother. She ran as much as she could still holding Alphros in her arms towards him. He caught her in a hug and kissed her hair. "Lothiriel." He took her face in his hands and studied every inch of it as if he might never see it again. As if were only a dream that he was here now and she would be gone in an instant. "Alphros." He kissed the toddler's forehead and tousled his hair. "Alphros!" Elphir, her eldest brother pushed through the crowd to them. "Alphros." "Papa!" His chubby little arms pushed against Lothiriel and stretched out to his father all in swift swinging motions. He almost jumped from her arms to get to his father. Lothiriel was concerned Elphir might crush him in their embrace. But she could not know the ache of having to leave a child behind. Poor Elphir she thought for a moment. His wife had died from the Spanish Influenza earlier in the year, and she was given the task of relaying that sad news to him in a letter. She managed to get a hug in and looked around for her mother, who she found rather easily, her hat was pushed back deeply kissing her father. She was secretly proud of her mother for very public display of affection. "Where is my brother?" Lothiriel asked not having seen her youngest brother Amrothos. "I'm sure he is around here somewhere." A moment of dread entered her heart. "He was wounded, gunshot to the arm. He's fine only he had to ride in the medical car for observation." "Behind you." She turned quickly with a shriek. Knowing your brother is hurt and seeing it for yourself are two very different things. Lothiriel couldn't help but stare at his bandaged hand in a sling. "Oh just a gunshot wound, nothing to worry over." Amrothos managed to pull her into a tight hug with his one good arm. "Don't fret, I'll be able to chase you around the garden by spring." "Well that is comforting, but where are Faramir and Boromir?" "Faramir is here." A tall auburn haired man said pushing past her brothers and embracing her tightly. "And he has dearly missed his favorite cousin. By George you are not the girl I left home but a beautiful young lady." Throwing her arms around his neck he spun her around and kissed her square on the mouth. "You must be beating all of those silly boys off with a stick." "You mean all of these men?" She gestured to the platform full of recently returned men. "Fair enough." He replied with a hearty chuckle. "Are we ready?" Her father asked as he approached his children. "Yes I think we are." Faramir said assessing the group. "What about Boromir?" She almost pleaded scanning the faces of those still pouring off of the trains. "Lothiriel, Boromir, he, well he will not be coming home." Erchirion said as soothingly as possible. He smoothed her hair down around her ears and then tucked her longer bangs behind her ear then readjusted her hat. Despite all of her happiness, this one thing dampened her mood. She felt as if all the joy had been sucked out of her heart. "We will answer all of your questions but not here." Her family began to file towards their family cars she looked back, hoping to see Boromir leaving a train, rushing to catch up with them. His mouse brown hair parted to the left in a swoop as he had always worn in; hat waving as if to get their attention. But he was not there; he was not in the throng of people. He was lost to oblivion, without a goodbye, without a final "I love you"; simply gone. But she did see something she thought very strange, a woman dressed in army green; her eyes were blue like ice her hair was cut short angled around her face. Lothiriel did not have much time to study this woman before she was drug away by her family. Amrothos had tried to cheer her up, since he was the family clown he did his best. Now that everyone was home so many good things could begin to happen, they could begin rebuilding their lives. She could return to school in the fall and Alphros would go to school. Her brothers would find wives and have their own children, she would find a husband and run her own family someday too. Her tears were cold against her cheeks as the wind swept around them. She could not tell which emotion was strongest, joy that her family had returned or sorrow that one member was missing. The automobile ride back to her family's house was long and mostly in silence. She was far too afraid to speak, however she did sit holding Erchirion's hand in hers without her kid skin gloves to keep her fingers warm. "He died bravely they say." Faramir said looking at her across the car. "Please, I don't know that I want to talk about it just yet." Lothiriel reached up and wiped the tears from her face. "Lothiriel, we have to talk about it sometime." Elphir retorted gruffly. That was easy for him to say. He was happily holding his son in his lap. "His company tried to take No Man's Land. They really led the way for a decisive victory." Faramir continued. Once the story was over the car again dropped to silence. She looked out her window at Charlotte as they passed through the city. The whole place was bathed in a happy air, even as the workers began to illuminate the gas lamps on the streets she knew that this moment, this night was one of the most beautiful of her life. When they turned onto their street she breathed a sigh of relief. At long last her house would not feel like an empty tomb waiting for more dead to occupy the rooms. It would now be devoid of silence; she loved the sound of a full house, and the sound their cobble stone driveway made under the tires. Lothiriel did not even wait for the footman to help her out of the car, she simply jumped from it her heels clacking against the stones. The servants were lined up along the walkway ready to greet the long displaced family members. While these people were employed by her family they were just as much a part of it as she was. The had been such great support while her family was away. Her girl, Roxie, was about her age and had played the most marvelous games with her when they were children; they learned to read and paint and do all manner of childhood things together. "Welcome home sir." Geoffrey their butler said shaking her father's hand and clapping him on the shoulder. "You have been thoroughly missed." Geoffrey was in his late fifties and kept his beard on the longer side. At some point, Lothiriel was not sure when, but his beard had changed from salt and pepper to just white. She thought it looked good on him. He proceeded to greet each member in a