Alright, thanks for coming in here and reading. I'm glad you're here. This is the new version of In His Shadow. I just wanted to let you know that if you are coming from the old story, this one is a little different, but it'll follow kind of the same plot. And if you have no idea what I'm talking about, then hey….you're new here, and I am really glad you are here. Please let me know what you think in a review. I love to hear what you guys think! Have you ever felt like something was off? Like you know where you belong, and where you are isn't that place? I feel that every day. I'll start at the beginning of the story. My father left when I was a baby, and my mom was possessed or something. I couldn't really explain it, besides the fact that she was a horrible person with a problem. One minute she'd be talking to me calmly or making dinner, and the next minute she'd have glowing green eyes, smoke curling out of her mouth, and saying things like "Not my Luke!" and "HORRIBLE FATE!" in the creepiest voice, all the while shaking me by the shoulders like a rag doll. Oh, you're wondering who Luke is…..he used to be my brother. He just left when I was 4. He was 9 at the time, and I don't remember much about it, besides he was packing a backpack and crying, and when he saw me he kissed my forehead, handed me a teddy bear, and told me to be good. I didn't know where he was going, and I still have no idea. For all I know, he could be dead…but I don't want to think about that. I mean….he is my brother. And even if I haven't seen him in years, I remember that he was a very good brother. He helped me with everything. And I was thinking about him as I went to school the last day of my freshman year. The day that everything changed. I was sitting in algebra class, trying to not fall asleep, as my teacher spoke far too fast for anyone to catch what she was trying to say about the FOIL method. What kind of method is called FOIL? I wish I had some foil to throw at her face . I thought . How can a class still be this boring if she is talking so fast? That should keep my attention….. "Natalia Castellan!" Mrs. Marsh exclaimed, and for one second I thought I was going to have to actually do math in math class. "Come here, there's someone here for you." I raised an eyebrow, looking up from my half-asleep state to see a tall, blond boy with a scar running along his cheek. Dear god, he grew….. I I still knew it was him. There was no way to not recognize him. "Ohmygod, that is the sexiest guy I have ever seen in my life," one of the stupider of my classmates, Abigail, murmured to the kid sitting next to her. "He's here for you?" she asked, giving me a withering look. "Whore." I rolled my eyes and stood, hitching my backpack up on my shoulder, flipping my blond hair out of my blue eyes, trying to look like a badass, but in my head all I could think was, "Stab me, the asshole is back!" Luke was back. And he was standing at the front of my algebra class like a frigging Abercrombie model, while my classmates gawked at him like a bunch of cattle. This is why mom should not have put me into an all-girls school. "Thank you very much, ma'am," Luke said, smiling charmingly, and I swear to everything, Mrs. Marsh, who had hated me this entire year, smiled back. "Oh, of course. You poor dears. I hope your mother gets better soon." I pouted and pretended like I was shocked. "Oh goodness, mom's sick? We should get to her right now." I fake things extremely well, and I've always been a gifted actress. I think it's all the lying, really. I mean, actors are just paid liars. I walked out of the class looking distressed, but started glaring the second the door slammed shut behind me. "What are you doing here?" I hissed. "What, you think you can just show up here after 10 years and claim me, in front of everyone, like nothing is wrong?" He snickered, shaking his head at me. "Nat…." "What?" I snapped. "Did I say something entertaining?" "Yeah, actually." "Enlighten me. What could possibly be funny to you, mister be-good-and-stay-with-mom-while-I-go-wherever-the-heck-I-want-without-you?" "Claimed." He said simply, and started walking. I had no idea what that was about, but I rolled my eyes and followed. "Is mom really sick?" "Not more than usual." This time it was my turn to shake my head. "Usual. Like you have any idea of what mom's usual behavior is." I couldn't help being bitter. It felt like the sickest cosmic joke, having my beloved brother, the brother I would have done anything and everything for at one point, come back, just when I was starting to get over the pain of everything. I had given up on him coming back by the time I was his age, and had given hope on everyone by the end of middle school. He sighed. "I'm sorry, ok? I needed to get away. Dad came, and I didn't like the reasons. It was such bullshit, Nat. I couldn't stay there, with a phony dad telling me phony little lies, and mom just spewing smoke and screaming that I was going to have some horrible fate. I couldn't stay." I felt the tears dripping down my cheeks before I realized I was crying. "Then why didn't you take me? You could have. You didn't have to leave me with her." He stopped in his tracks, turning and standing in the middle of the hall. "You were too young. I wasn't even sure I was going to survive being on my own. I didn't want my baby sister to get hurt." I tried to come up with something clever, something that would tell him exactly how much I hated him, but all I could muster up was, "Well, I'm not a baby anymore. And you have a decade of brotherly experiences to make up for." I was going to make sure he made up for all the time lost. I needed a brother. Not a mother who didn't want me. And she really, really didn't. She loved Luke, and hardly ever remembered she had a daughter. I don't think she had ever had a conversation where he wasn't mentioned somewhere in it, exorcist-style screaming to make it even more childhood ruining. Luke left, and my mom flipped out on me. She tied me to a chair and refused to let me do anything until I told her what I knew. And I knew nothing but that he wasn't going to be there to pick me up from pre-school. "Where Luke go?" I kept asking, my little 4 year old self sobbing in complete and utter desperation and confusion. Did the woman care? Of course not! She just kept screaming about 'her baby boy' and his terrible fate. I was her baby. And she never was my mother after I learned to walk. "We have to go." Luke says, and I realize we are still standing in the hallway. "Where?" I ask. "Home? They'll call home to try and find out where I am is if I don't show up for the summer school math class Monday." I thought I was pretty smart, coming up with that comment. "We are going to camp." "Ha! Yeah, ok. And I'm going to a Victoria's Secret photo shoot this weekend. I don't camp, Luke. You're high. Come on, what are you on?" He furrows his brows. "No, Natalia. I'm dead serious. We're going. Right now." He said, tugging on my arm. "Now? I have nothing packed. We'd need to go home, and I swear mom would murder me on the spot for being there in the middle of school." "We would be fine." He insisted. I hardened my stare and hoped my eyes are boring into him. "No, Luke. You would be fine. I would get in a metric ass load of trouble. Because you're the favorite child. Mom loves you. She hates me." He frowned a bit. "Yeah, she kind of does. But dad loved you." I whipped my head around. I knew barely anything about my dad except that he disappeared when I was born. "What do you mean? I met dad? When? Was he living with us? Who is he?" I asked too many questions, but I needed answers. I was tired of Luke knowing everything. "You'll learn everything you need to know about dad at the camp. I promise." He said. He started walking in the direction of home, and I really want to cuss him out with every word I know. And trust me, there's a lot. But instead of cuss words, I get a bunch of gibberish spouting out of my mouth. Is that Latin? Am I speaking Latin? "Hey, you shouldn't use that kind of language with me." Luke said. He understood what I said. I didn't, but he did apparently. "You know what I just said?" I asked, shocked. "Yeah, you told me to…well, I can't say it around here. It was that inappropriate." He smiled. I'll find out later. I'll find out later. I assured myself that I trust Luke. We'd reached home and Luke grabbed his car keys out of my backpack, unlocking a silver convertible. He slid into the driver's seat and I got in shotgun. The green leather seats were warm thanks to the heat from the sun. He put the key into the ignition and immediately speeded up, doing at least 35 mph on the highway "Luke, don't we need to pack?" I asked. He shakes his head. "Check your backpack." He says. I quickly unzipped the backpack and found everything I could need. Tank tops, shorts, sneakers, socks, sunscreen (5000 SPF! WHAT THE HELL!) And bug spray. I also have a ton of rubber hair elastics and well….lip gloss, and all the girly stuff. Luke knew what to pack. And I had no idea how I didn't realize any of this was in the backpack the whole morning. "How did you know what to pack?" I asked. "Well….I looked in Annabeth's suitcase last year and everything that she had I figured you would need too. Sorry I went through your drawers to get all of it." He says. "When?" I ask. "And who is Annabeth?" "Last night when you were asleep. I knew it was time to take you." He pauses. "Annabeth is a friend. And…I have friends, ok? You'll meet them, just relax." "Ooh, friends." I murmured. "Are are your friends girls?" I felt a little jealous. "No!" he exclaimed. "Just my best friends. Thalia and Annabeth." I took a deep breath. I was so scared right then I could have screamed. But I didn't in fear that Luke would drive off the road. "Where are we going? Like, where is this camp?" I ask. "Long Island, in New York." is his response. We live in Westport, Connecticut. Long Island was about 2 hours away. But with the speed Luke is going, we'd be there in 40 minutes. I gripped the sides of the seat tighter and the acceleration increased. We're pushing 80mph! And there are people here doing like…40. We are way over the speed limit, but nobody came, like the police. Weird. "Luke, slow down! You're going to get us killed!" I cried, trying to remain somewhat calm. He only smiles and speeds up. I feel a tear come out of my eye and I know my brother must be