Author's note: This is a tale that was inspired by little boys wanting to grow big, and older brothers and the kindness they might display. Boromir is determined to teach Faramir to ride, even if his brother is too small for a real horse. Warning : The warning is placed here for vinsmouse, who wanted a spew warning here, claiming it might be a bad idea to drink while reading the funnier parts. So please keep in mind that drinking any kind of beverage while reading this, might be hazzard'ous to the health of your screen. Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Ring, I only borrow parts of it and shall return them as soon as I am done. Completely undamaged, as I am certain it will be impossible to see where we glued the pieces back together. Riding Lessons Faramir stood at was considered a safe distance away and watched his older brother ride on a horse. It was actually a pony, Boromir was not allowed to ride the bigger horses yet. Faramir was not big enough to be allowed to go near the horses yet. Riding looked like a lot of fun. He had been on a horse a few times. He had been sitting in front of his mother in the saddle then, and once even in front of his father in the saddle. Their father always took Boromir to ride with him, because he was the oldest and the heir. Once though, he had lifted up Faramir on his horse. Faramir was not jealous on Boromir, not for such a small thing, but it would be so much fun to be allowed to ride with his father again. He had been so high up, and he had felt like he was older than he was. When Boromir's lesson was ended Denethor called his name. Faramir ran over there as fast as he could, only slowing down for the last few yards as he recalled that he was not allowed to run near the horses. "You may pet the horse now Faramir." Denethor lifted him up so that he could reach to pet the soft nose of the pony. Faramir giggled when the pony blew a gust of air in his face. "Father, when may I learn to ride?" He asked and giggled again as a curious pony dug his muzzle into his small body in search for hidden treats. "You are to small Faramir." Denethor told his youngest son. "It shall be two or three more years at least before you are big enough." Faramir tried not to look disappointed. It was not easy to always be so small. He was small for his age, and he was always to small to do all the fun things that Boromir did. He was to small to go out and play without someone there to look after him. "Father, how does one get bigger?" He asked hopefully. Perhaps he could get bigger faster, and then he would not be to small anymore. If any one knew how to get big fast it would be his father. "Well, one eats one's porridge." Denethor said as he was not quite sure why his youngest son asked that question. "Goes to bed when one is told to, and one is an obedient child." Denethor smiled as he suddenly understood, and he was proud over the young child. He did not wail with disappointment. It seemed that instead he tried to solve the problem by figuring out a solution to it. "You can not decide how fast you shall grow Faramir, it takes time. But I do not say that you are too small just to keep you from something fun. See how big even that small pony is. You could not reach the stirrups. And you do not have the strength to hold him by the reins yet. You could get very badly hurt." He put Faramir down again and turned to Boromir. "Now you take him into the stable, and I want both horse and tack to shine." As Boromir lead the horse away Denethor turned back to Faramir who stood silent and chewing his lower lip. "Do you understand that it is because I do not want you to get hurt?" Denethor asked him. Faramir nodded. "I am always so small that everyone is afraid I will get hurt if I do anything." He mumbled. "I do not want to be small father, I want to be big like you and Boromir, but I can't." He sniffed a little even if he tried to act like a big boy, and not show that he was disappointed. "I know that it is hard to be small." Denethor soothed. "But you shall grow in time to, and then think of all the fun you shall have." Faramir brightened up a little at that. "Father." He said silently, and Denethor had to keep form smiling at such a serious voice from one so very young. "Until I grow bigger, do you think that I could get to ride with you again, like Boromir does, Just once, it was so much fun. I know that Boromir is older, but I would like to just once." Faramir spoke faster and faster until the words were jumbled together into one. "Perhaps Faramir, but I can not promise you that. Boromir is the heir and so our people expect him to be the one riding with me." Denethor explained. Faramir was just three years old, and barely that. He spoke like a child older, partly because Boromir was the only one he spoke with who was not an adult. Yet he was so very small, Denethor would not dare to let him near the horses on his own, he could get trampled by the big brutes as easily as a mouse would. "I know." He murmured, he was not able to fully hide the disappointment on his face. "We shall see Faramir, there should be some time when you could ride with me." Denethor said. "And until then you shall get to ride with your mother." Faramir nodded, he liked riding with his mother, she was always telling him stories, but it was only when riding with his father that he felt like a soldier of Gondor. "Now come, we shall make sure that Boromir takes good care of the horse." Denethor told him and Faramir followed along. Faramir offered to help Boromir to brush the horse, but again he was too small. Denethor was afraid that the horse would hurt him, even if it was just a small pony. Boromir could not reach the highest spot on the animals back and neck, and so Denethor helped him. To think then what the pony could do with Faramir who stood near shorter than the animals leg. If Faramir were to pet the nose he had to be lifted up, or the horse had to bend its neck. Instead Denethor told him to sit out of the way in the haystack. Faramir sat there silently watching as his father and brother brushed the horse, and then as Boromir cleaned the tack of before putting it away. When they walked back up to the citadel Boromir help his hand, and chatted eagerly to their father about his next riding lesson that would be the next day. In the nursery he had some wooden toy horses that he played with when Denethor delivered him there, Boromir had other lessons and so could not play with him. Findulias sat in the rocking chair with her embroidery hoop and watched him play. He spoke out loud what was happening, and there was a lead soldier who was told that he was to small to go near the horses. She knew that he enjoyed to go with Boromir for his riding lessons, but apparently Faramir was beginning to tire of being the youngest. Later that evening she spoke to her husband about the young child's game. "He is too small, if I put him on a horse he could get seriously hurt." Denethor objected. "He is too small, yes." Findulias agreed. "And he is being told so several times every day, on everything from riding a pony to sword practice with his brother. If he asks a question he is often told he is too small to understand the answer. Denethor, any other child would have been screaming and raging, but instead he is trying to hide his disappointment." "What am I to do about it?" Denethor asked. He agreed that Faramir was very mature in how he handled his disappointment. "Let him be big enough just once." Findulias suggested. "When you give Boromir his riding lessons, why not ride yourself, and take him in the saddle. I heard his game this evening my love, he adores you above all, and nothing makes him as proud as when you do that. Surly he could not come to harm that way." Findulias had long since learned that there was no way she could keep her children safe from everything. She could just hope for the best. "I had not intended to ride myself." Denethor said thoughtfully. "But I might do it. I am proud of the little one and of how good he behaves." Meanwhile Faramir had been put to bed, but he could not sleep. He was still trying to figure out how he could grow bigger fast. It was only two days since one of the guards had near run over him because he was to small for them to see him. Boromir always held his hand if they walked anywhere because he was to small. Well, he was tiered of being so small all the time. He was going to grow, he would do everything he could to grow bigger. The next morning he tried to eat as much porridge as Boromir did. Findulias watched him as he struggled to empty his plate. The children had been taught not to take more than they wanted, but it was hard for one so young to know how much he wanted, and besides she had a feeling that it had something to do with a desire to grow. Therefore she said nothing when he could not finish it. Boromir's riding lesson was canceled that day because the rain was poring down. Instead he was put to study history and tactics under Findulias supervision. The door leading out to the balcony was left ajar because Findulias enjoyed the freshness the rain brought to the air. "It'll be good for all growing things." The nurse said. She was knitting while Findulias once again sat with her embroidery. It was to be a tunic Faramir had been told, a new one for him, but it looked to be much too big for him. It seemed he once again was too small for everything. Boromir was sitting with the book, and was discussing its contest with their mother. Then Faramir was struck by the nurses words, the rain was good for all growing things. With a smile as he realized he now had the means to grow faster Faramir quietly stood and sneaked off towards the open door. He slipped outside onto the balcony, the rain was cold, very cold, and it was hammering down hard, but if it made him grow he did not care about that, not even if he shivered. There was a large clay pot with a small sapling growing there, he measured how high up on the sapling he reached, so he would know how much he grew. Then he sank down on the floor and tried not to shiver. It was in the middle of one of Boromir's recounting of a battle that Findulias thought that Faramir had been very quiet for a long time, she looked up to see if he had fallen asleep and was alarmed when his toy horses and lead soldiers lay abandoned. "Where