Thomas sprinted as fast as he could, sparing a look back as a roar ripped through the air. "Keep running, Lockwood!" his best friend, Birch, cried from a few feet ahead. A tree flew past his head, causing his heart to flip in his chest with fear. If the thing chasing them was big enough to chuck a tree as if it were made of paper, he didn't want to think about what it could do to him. "Birch, where in the world are we going?" he yelled, clamoring over a boulder and dodging another tree. "I'll explain everything when we get there, which we almost are. A couple more yards and we'll be safe," the other boy called back. "Safe from what?" Thomas shouted desperately, glancing back to see a hulking form rip yet another tree from the ground and raise it over its head, aiming directly at his head. "Just a bit farther," he heard Birch huff as he climbed over a boulder. Wait a second, were those hooves? He shook his head, racing after the boy and telling himself not to look back. Then it appeared. At the top of the hill was a large pine tree, looking very out of place in the middle of the New York summer. He saw what looked like a golden cowhide hanging from one of the lower branches. And wrapped around the trunk of the tree was a... Dragon? Hold up. "Birch, what the-" he started. "Lockwood, not now!" Birch yelled, grabbing his arm and dragging him towards the tree. Another roar reverberated through his head. Only a couple more feet until- He tripped over a root. Rolling over, the figure loomed above him. It was huge, it's head oddly distorted. "You're mine, handsome demigod," it said, voice deep and resonate. "Birch!" he cried, scrambling to get up. "Your friends can't help you now," the creature told him, giving a gravelly chuckle. "Good thing I don't have any," he snapped, picking up a stick and throwing it as hard as he could, directly at the center of the thing's face. The creature shrieked, clutching at the place where the stick had hit, and stuck. He stood there for a moment, looking on in shock as the thing stepped into a patch of moonlight, showing that the stick had landed in its eye. That's right. One eye. "Holy-" "Lockwood run!" he heard Birch order. Without thinking he sprinted as fast as he could towards him, barely registering that his best friend now had furry legs. He heard the monster stomping after him, but as he passed the tree, he heard a loud thud he turned to see it picking itself up from the ground. After recovering for a moment, it turned and lunged for him. But before he could brace himself, it shot backwards. Looking around in bewilderment, he felt a tap on his shoulder. "Welcome to Camp Half-Blood," Birch announced cheerily, as if they hadn't just been chased for three miles by a giant, one-eyed monster. "You have thirty seconds to start explaining before I throttle you," Thomas growled, glaring daggers at the newly furry-legged boy before him. "He, he," he chuckled nervously. "Twenty-five," Thomas warned. "Your half-god, half-human. When I say god, I mean Greek god. That thing that was chasing us was a Cyclops. You're at a specialty camp created for people like you designed to keep you safe. You just passed the border that keeps monsters out and let's demigods in," Birch explained rapidly, looking very nervous. "I'm sorry, what?" he challenged. But before Birch could respond, he saw several people running up the hill towards them. They were all wearing pajamas of some sort, looking like they had just gotten out of bed. Another boy with furry legs and what looked like horns poking out from his brown curly hair came running up to Birch. "Birch, you're alive. And on your first mission!" he congratulated, gripping his shoulder and giving him a grin. "Is someone going to tell me what the heck is going on?" Thomas yelled, silencing all the murmurings and whispers. "Now, now, let's not get our tempers raging," he heard from above the crowd, making him look up. At first he saw nothing, and then there was a streak of orange falling from one of the higher branches. A girl straightened up, wearing a bright orange t-shirt displaying a Pegasus below the label Camp Half-Blood, and a pair of cut-offs. Her long brown hair was wild and tangled, held back from her face with an orange bandana, and her green eyes were bright. It was a type of bright that made him feel like he was about to get robbed blind and there was nothing he could do about it. "Who are you?" he demanded, hoping his voice didn't give away how unsettled this girl made him feel. "You're worst nightmare," she answered with a smirk, crossing her arms and cocking her hip to the side. "Trey, come on," Birch interceded, trying not to smile. "What, I can't give newbie something to worry about?" the girl shot back sarcastically, those mischievous eyes remaining locked on his. "He just escaped a Cyclops and discovered his life is a lie. Can't you wait until everything's settled in?" the boy with horns asked with exasperation. "It took three weeks for Wes to 'settle in.' What if I don't wanna wait that long again?" she demanded, finally looking away. "At least wait a couple of days. Don't start the moment he crosses the border," the boy replied. She groaned, her shoulders slumping as she rolled her eyes. "I'll go get Mr. D and Chiron," she muttered, obviously irritated and disappointed. As she trudged toward the large, sky-blue farmhouse, the boy with horns stepped in front of Thomas. "Hey, my name's Grover," he greeted, holding out his hand. "Lockwood," he replied, taking the hand reluctantly. "Cool. I'm happy to see you got here alive. I guess Birch was better than we thought," Grover declared. "Why wouldn't we get here alive?" he questioned with alarm, but Grover dismissed the question with a wave of his hand. "We should get you to the Big House so you can watch the orientation film, then to the Hermes cabin so you can get some sleep. I'm sure you're exhausted," he said quickly, gesturing for Thomas to follow as he started down the hill. "But-" "Just go with it," Birch whispered, trotting after Grover. He stood there for a moment, mulling over his options. Then he shrugged, and followed the goat boys. "Newbie! Come on! Up and at'em!" Thomas heard as if from a distance. Then he felt something strike him hard across the head. "What the hell!" he exclaimed, shooting up automatically and smacking his head on the upper bunk. "Ow!" he groaned, rubbing his head ruefully. "Time for breakfast, so get a move on," a boy with brown curly hair and bright blue eyes ordered, ripping the sleeping bag from his body. "Hey!" he proclaimed, trying to cover up the fact he was wearing nothing but his boxers. The efforts earned a snicker from the boy, who turned and gestured to someone behind him. A moment later, a shorter version of the boy peeked his head over his shoulder. He took one look at Thomas and burst out laughing. "Word of advice, rook, sleep with your clothes on," the first boy said through the peals of laughter. Giving them both a dirty look, Thomas reached over and plucked his jeans off the wood floor, carefully getting out of the bed and yanking them on. He looked around for his shirt, and upon not finding it, glared at the two boys still chuckling slightly at discovering his pajamas. "Where's my shirt?" he growled in irritation. "It was filthy. It's getting cleaned. In the meantime, you can wear this," the first one replied, holding out a rolled up orange t-shirt. Thomas assumed it was the same as the one the girl had been wearing the night before, and the same that the two boys were also wearing. Snatching it from the boy's hand, he wrenched it on. When they didn't go away, his annoyance rose another caliber. "What do you want?" he challenged. "Woah now," the first replied sarcastically. "Respect your camp counselors, bud," the second one finished, gleeful expression on his face. "Camp counselors?" Thomas asked warily. "Well, you are at Camp Half-Blood. I'm Travis Stoll," the first one introduced. "And I'm Connor Stoll," the other one added. "And we're the Hermes cabin leaders," they finished simultaneously. It took a moment for that to sink in, and he remembered the orientation film he'd seen last night. They were children of Hermes, god of thieves... Among other things, and he was a child of some other god. He just didn't know which one yet. Glancing around, he saw several other kids bustling about the cabin, getting ready for the day. He saw a streak of orange and light brown rush by, bumping into Travis' shoulder. "Watch it Williams!" Travis called after the streak, who stopped and flashed a sly grin. Thomas recognized her to be the girl from the previous night before she sped off again. "Who was that?" he asked. He had to admit, she piqued his curiosity more than any other girl might. She wasn't like the girls he would chase after back home, with her crazy smile and blazing eyes. She wasn't even all that pretty. But after Chiron had shown him where he'd be sleeping and he'd crawled into the bunk, he'd fallen asleep thinking about her smile. The last thing he remembered before drifting off was how she'd said "you're worst nightmare" instead of telling him her name. "You'll find out sooner or later," Travis answered with a smirk. Obviously this girl was well known around the camp. He followed all the other Hermes kids to a pavilion where a ton of other kids around his age were sitting at tables and eating. Everyone else sat next to their siblings, laughing and having a good time. Meanwhile Thomas just stood there awkwardly, looking around. And then he heard a whistle. "Yoohoo! New boy!" an unfamiliar voice called, making Lockwood turn. There was girl standing there, with long, dark hair and pretty hazel eyes. She was cute, with an impish smile and pink cheeks. He stepped towards her almost without thinking. She held out a hand. "Hi, I'm Sadie," she introduced. Thomas took her hand and shook, not noticing the mischevious glint in her eyes. "Lockwood," he said in reply. She smiled wider and gestured to an empty seat. "Have a seat," she invited, and he obliged. "Are you undetermined?" he asked. He couldn't believe that this girl was a child of Hermes. She was simply too nice. But she shook her head. "Nope, Hermes kid, tried and true," she said. "She'll rob you blind, this one," a new voice chimed in from across the table. Lockwood turned, coming face to face with the girl from last night. "You flatter me," Sadie responded in mock bashfulness. The girl grinned, taking a platter of pancakes from a passing nymph and piling some onto her plate. "So, newbie," she said as she drizzled some syrup over the stack. "What did you want to be when you grew up?" Lockwood blinked with confusion. "Um, a U.S. Marine. Why?" Instead of answering, the girl grinned at Sadie. An expression which Sadie returned. It gave Lockwood an uneasy feeling. "What's your favorite movie?" Sadie asked. "Star Wars." "Favorite book?" the other girl asked. "I don't read much." He didn't know what these questions had to do with anything. But the way the two of them were smiling, they apparently did. "Drachma if I'm right?" the girl asked simply. Sadie grinned. "You're on," she complied. "Care to tell me what you're talking about?" he asked suddenly. But they just grinned identical, elfish grins and finished