Disclaimer: Harry Potter is NOT mine! I don't own any of the wonderful world that JK Rowling created, except for some copies of the books and films. It was over. It was finally over. Harry Potter sat upon a large marble piece of rubble that was once a part of the Grand Staircase. The sun was streaming through the shattered windows and holes in the castle walls but Harry did not feel any warmth from it or the congratulations that came from the survivors of the Battle. Harry's normally vivid green eyes were bloodshot and tear tracks lined their way down his dirty cheeks. What should have been a time of great celebration and happiness, as Voldemort and his Death Eaters had been defeated, was not. The War was won but the cost had been much too high. The Death Eaters had battled on even after the fall of Voldemort, in fact it seemed that Voldemort had almost been holding back his followers' destructive abilities and tendencies. In the end, ninety percent of the invading army, Death Eaters and Snatchers, had been defeated or captured but both the Order and the DA had been devastated by the attack. The casualties were incalculable. Just a fraction of the Order of the Phoenix remained, and the survivors all had some sort of injury. Remus Lupin, the last surviving Marauder, had been killed by Antonin Dolohov just before the Death Eater had been felled by Professor Flitwick. Tonks, who wasn't even supposed to be at the castle, had been killed by her aunt, Bellatrix Lestrange. Lestrange had been almost unstoppable after Voldemort's death, casting Killing Curses at will and without hesitation. It had taken a team effort of Hermione, Ginny, Luna and Mrs. Weasley to take the left hand of Voldemort down but not before Ginny had been hit by such a strong Cruciatus Curse that she had fallen into a coma almost instantly. Professor McGonagall, Slughorn and Kingsley all had tried to battle Voldemort but even with their combined magical abilities and strength they had fallen at the feet of the Dark Lord. Voldemort had toyed with the trio for a few moments, casually batting aside their spells until he grew tired of them. With frightening ease, Voldemort deflected all three spells before casting a trio of Killing Curses so quickly that no one could do nothing more than watch as the curses tossed McGonagall, Slughorn and Kingsley aside like rag dolls. Harry had somehow defeated Voldemort, namely through a lorry load of luck and the fact that somehow Harry was the Master of the Elder Wand. Even though the Dark Lord had fallen, the Death Eaters had continued to fight. Harry had nearly been killed after defeating Voldemort by a curse from the wand of Walden Macnair, it missing Harry by mere inches. Arthur Weasley had taken Macnair down with a Blasting Curse but the former Ministry dangerous beasts executioner managed to fire off one more spell before dying. It was a Dark cutting curse that sliced through Arthur's left arm like butter And those were not the only casualties that the Weasley family had suffered in the battle. Along with Arthur's injury and Ginny's condition, Fred had been killed earlier in the battle by a collapsing hallway, and Ron had died from a bite from Nagini. Voldemort's snake had bitten him while he and Hermione had been chasing Nagini down. Neville had killed the snake with the Sword of Gryffindor but it had been too late. Harry had found Hermione huddled in a corner of the Great Hall, alternating between sobbing hysterically and laughing like a mad woman, right next to the cold corpse of Ron. As he numbly led Hermione to the Hospital Wing, he could barely make out Hermione's babbling, "He finally asked me, he finally asked me." After putting Hermione in a hospital bed and having Madam Pomfrey administer a Dreamless Sleep Potion, Harry returned to the Great Hall. "Harry?" a familiar and weary voice asked as Harry entered the Great Hall. "Hey there Neville," Harry answered. He noticed that Neville was still holding the Sword of Gryffindor. "A true Gryffindor, eh Neville?" The Longbottom teen blushed as he looked down at the magnificent weapon he was holding. "I have no idea why I was able to pull it from the Hat." "I do Neville," Harry said. "You showed the same bravery standing up to Voldemort as you did standing up to me, Hermione and…Ron in first year. You are a true Gryffindor, never forget that Neville." Neville blushed again at Harry's praise. "Thank you Harry," he said. "And I am sorry about Ron and Ginny. If I had only been a little bit faster, then maybe I could have…" "Don't blame yourself Neville," Harry said. "You are not at fault. Ron's death is the fault of Voldemort and his followers, no one else's. And this was war; you would have to be an absolute idiot to think that there wouldn't be casualties. Ron and Ginny were just two of them." Neville frowned at Harry. The brown-haired teen studied Harry as well as he could, Neville prided himself on his ability to read people, their emotions and their actions. He had developed this ability as a way to survive while growing up under the stern thumb of his grandmother and at Hogwarts. Harry was holding himself quite rigidly, his face tight and controlled, though Neville could tell that Harry was as fragile as frozen glass and that anything could and would shatter him. "Harry, when was the last time you slept?" Neville asked. "I am fine Neville," Harry said. "There is still so much to do." "Harry," Neville cut Harry off and put a hand on the shorter teen's shoulder. "You haven't slept in days, haven't you? You need to take a break and get some sleep. You have fought for so long, I think its time for you to take a break and let someone else shoulder the burden. Go to the Hospital Wing, I am sure Poppy can get you a bed." "No Neville, I am fine," Harry argued even though Neville could feel Harry shaking. "I don't need to sleep." "Yes you do Harry," Neville said. "You are about to collapse. Now, either you are going to get some sleep or I am going to Stun you and hand you over to Poppy. What is it going to be?" Harry wanted to keep arguing with Neville but a wave of bone-crushing tiredness came over him and he could have collapsed if Neville hadn't been holding him up. "That's it Harry, you are going to the Hospital Wing," Neville said, slinging one of Harry's arm over his shoulders. Slowly the pair made their way up to the overcrowded Hospital Wing. St. Mungo's had sent over a dozen Healers and support staff once the battle had been concluded, of course, to assist Madam Pomfrey. "Poppy!" Neville cried as he essentially carried an unresponsive Harry into the Hospital Wing. The venerable matron of Hogwarts wearily turned at the shout but when she saw who had called and whom he was carrying, she gained a burst of energy and bustled over to Neville and Harry. "What has happened to Mr. Potter now?" she asked, levitating Harry into an open bed. "I don't think he has slept in quite some time," Neville explained. "He just seemed to collapse a few moments ago and I nearly had to carry him all the way here from the Great Hall." Poppy tsked in exasperation as she waved her wand over Harry's prone body. "Oh my," she gasped. "You poor dear, why didn't you come here sooner? Potter men are so stubborn." "What's wrong Poppy?" Neville asked. Several of the St. Mungo's workers looked scandalized that Neville would talk with Poppy so informally but they hadn't fought in the War, and in such close quarters for over a year. "Mr. Potter is suffering from a multitude of things," Poppy said. "Most notably is a severe case of magical exhaustion, along with some bruised ribs and various cuts and other bruises. Mr. Potter is also suffering from a prolonged case of malnutrition. All in all, except for the magical exhaustion, nothing much to worry about." "When will he recover?" Neville asked. "Magical exhaustion is tricky," Poppy said. "It depends on the person, some recover quite quickly, others more slowly. With Mr. Potter's advanced case, I can't possibly give an estimate for Mr. Potter's recovery." Neville nodded as he looked down at Harry in the bed. Harry was shifting in the bed with his forehead creased, and little moans and cries came from his mouth. "Is there anything you can do for Harry Poppy? He looks like he's in pain." "Unfortunately I can not give Mr. Potter any Dreamless Sleep Potion as that would negatively affect his body's ability to recover from magical exhaustion. He will have to work through his nightmares until his core has recovered enough to safely administer the Potion." Neville sighed heavily and nodded, hating himself for the feeling of helplessness that he felt for not being able to help Harry more. "Poppy, please let me know if anything changes with Harry?" he asked. "Of course Neville," Poppy said. Neville thanked Poppy and turned toward the entrance of the Hospital Wing but in doing so noticed that in the bed next to Harry was Hermione. She was still out cold from the Dreamless Sleep Potion that Poppy had given her earlier. Neville quickly looked away from the sleeping Hermione, not wanting to look at the source of his guilt. He knew in his head that it wasn't his fault that Ron had died but his heart wouldn't let him forget it. If only he had been a little bit faster to kill the snake. "Neville, you know that Hermione nor the Weasleys will blame you for Ron's death," a musical voice said from behind Neville. It was Luna Lovegood. "My head knows that Luna," Neville sighed. "But it still feels like it is my fault. If I had just been…" "Stop right there Neville Longbottom," Luna said sharply. "What ifs and could have beens have no place in your head or your heart. You cannot change what has happened in the past. Ron would not blame you if he was here, and Harry and Hermione will not either. Voldemort and his evil are to blame for all this death and destruction, do not burden yourself with blames that are not yours to bear." Neville swallowed. "It's hard though Luna," he said thickly, his eyes burning. "I just keep replaying that moment in my head, wondering what I could have done differently." "That is because you are a good person Neville," Luna said. "One of the best in fact." Neville smiled at the small blonde. "Thank you Luna," he said. "I just wish there was more I could do for them, Harry and Hermione, they have given so much and you know that the Ministry and the rest of the world are going to want those two front and center, and on every front page, propping them up as the saviors of the wizarding world. They won't get a moment's peace." Luna nodded sagely as she looked at the two beds where Harry and Hermione lay. Even though both were unconscious and unresponsive, Luna saw several of the Healers from St. Mungo's casting glances at Hermione and Harry, their expressions full of awe and longing. Luna frowned as she turned away from the Hospital Wing and followed Neville back into the castle to assist others in recovery and cleanup effort. It was dark when Harry's eyes flew open. He could tell that he was in the Hospital Wing due to the familiar feeling of a Hospital Wing bed and the ceiling that could always recognize even without his glasses. Slowly Harry reached to his side and found his glasses sitting on the