One Too Many Disclaimer: I do not own anything of the Harry Potter empire, the Forest of Dean, any property in the United Kingdom, or much else. Too bad. Also, my list of the horcruxes (horxruces?, see below) does not agree with canon (are you really surprised by this?) for reasons which will be explained. Setting : AU after the events of December 26, 1997. Ron returned to find Harry in the pond. Evening of December 26, 1997 Ron Weasley apparated back to the campsite where he had left Hermione and Harry, having left in a major snit. When he had gotten home, he immediately ran into his twin brothers who promptly gave him a massive dressing-down for abandoning his friends. They rightly pointed out that the way he and Hermione had been at each other' throats for most of their time at Hogwarts, there was no way he even had had any claim to her, and that if it hadn't been for Harry, the two would never have gotten along (given how his comments had left her vulnerable to the troll), and it was more probable that one would have killed the other by now. They also point out to Ron that he was not the useless little brother he thought he was, as he proved when he and the other five, of what were now being called the DOM Six, had fought trained, mature and experienced Death Eaters to a draw until Voldemort himself showed up. If Ron's part in that fight were better known, he could likely have any witch he wanted, just not Hermione. Then they threatened to start calling him Percy for trying to blame everything on Harry, unless he pulled his head out of his ass and went back to finish the job like he had promised. When he arrived, he found Harry being pulled under the waters by the horcrux, in the pond where the Sword of Gryffindor had been secreted. Ron pulled Harry back out of the water and grabbed the Sword. Pulling Harry over to a tree stump, Ron told him to put the locket there and open it. Harry lay the cursed object on the stump and in parseltongue, ordered it to open. Ron raised the Sword of Gryffindor as the locket tried to taunt him with his worst nightmares and fears. However, the taunts were just the same as Malfoy and the other purebloods had thrown in his face most of his life. The image of Harry and Hermione, naked and embracing, was no longer anything to fear. In the months together in very close quarters, the three had seen each other unclothed at time, when they bathed or were changing. When one took a bath in a stream or a lake, the others had stood guard. The rule that nudity was occasionally seen, but never looked at, had been necessary in order to get along under 'field' conditions. The old taunts just enraged Ron the more – they no longer worked on him, but just confirmed the evil nature of the thing in front of him. He drove the Sword into the locket with all of his might. The evil artifact was shattered, with an ear-piercing scream and a pulse of magic which knocked him and Harry off their feet and flung them back several metres. Hearing the screams, Hermione charged out of the tent with her wand in hand, screaming in fury and fear. She saw the two boys sitting on the ground, grimacing and smiling at the same time. Ron groaned as he lay on top of some inconveniently paced tree roots, and said "Well, that's one more done. Hi Hermione. You look good without your clothes; really good." She looked puzzled by this comment, and blushed at its implications. She wondered where on earth the comment had come from, given the circumstances. Harry furrowed his brow and tilted his head. "Hang on! Something is different. When I stabbed the diary, it was louder than this. A lot louder!" Hermione said "Maybe it's because we're outside, and the diary was in the chamber. Things always sound louder inside buildings." Harry shook his head. "That's not it, I mean it! This was a lot quieter. There is something else different! Something weird. Hang on a minute, I think there's something really important here." He frowned while he thought hard, and then Hermione and Ron saw a slight smile begin, as he asked "What do we really know about Voldemort's horcruxes? I mean really know. I think this may be significant!" Hermione went into lecture mode, whereupon Harry and Ron looked at each other and groaned. She looked puzzled at Harry's question, but answered, "Not much really. Dumbledore said that you had to split your soul to make one, and commit murder to do it. He thought that Voldemort likely made seven of them, because seven is a very powerful number magically. We know that the diary was one of them, the Gaunt ring was another, the locket Ron just destroyed was another and there's one lodged in Harry's scar. That makes four. That leaves three we don't know about." Harry shook his head. "No, Hermione, I think that leaves four." The other two looked at him like he was out of his mind. Ron started, "Mate….", when Harry held up his hand. "Hear me out and see if I am missing something. Dumbledore said that Riddle was obsessed with relics of the founders, right? We know he had Slytherin's locket, and we know that most Slytherins hate Gryffindors, because Godric and Salazar were rivals – that hatred is still there, years later. So I think he would certainly make one from a relic of Godric Gryffindor." "But it can't be the sword, because it can't be a horcrux. If it was, it would have been destroyed when I killed the Basilisk with it and it got some venom on it. Besides, it never felt evil. Anyway, it was stored in the Headmaster's office, where Riddle couldn't have gotten to it." "I think there must be three other relics of the founders, and then there is something with his snake." "If he was that concerned about being immortal, Voldemort would have made his seven long before I was born! I think my scar is an unintended eighth horcrux!" The others thought about this for a minute, and then started nodding in agreement. Harry continued. "Now comes the important part. I think the diary was the first horcrux, but whether it was created when Myrtle was murdered or not, I don't know. I do know that the image of Riddle from the diary was from when he was in school. I suspect the Gaunt ring was available to him and made into a horcrux when he murdered his father and grandparent, about the same time. When he became Head Boy, he would have had access to some of the relics of the founders, but not Gryffindor's sword. That would make six, and I think the seventh was when he took the snake as his familiar, after he left school and started his climb to power." "The most important part of this is the power in each horcrux, and his own power. The dairy possessed Ginny almost completely, and the ring had enough compulsion that Dumbledore foolishly put it on, and it poisoned him. The locket, which I assume was the third one, has made us really cranky, but not much more. And I have had this chunk of him in my forehead all my life, and other than a few nightmares and headaches, it hasn't really affected me much." "Now consider his power any time he and I met. When he killed my parents, his curse rebounded at him. When he went after the Philosopher's Stone, he couldn't bear touching me, and he fled. When he had me kidnapped after the third task, he told Pettigrew to kill Cedric, and when he first came out of the cauldron, he pressed his wand into Pettigrew's Mark to call the other Death Eaters." "Whenever he was alone, he seems to have had very little power. It was only when the rest of the Death Eaters were right with him that he was powerful. I think the Dark Mark is a leach spell, and he draws his power from the Death Eaters. Remember at the battle at the Department of Mysteries, the six of us were able to fight off most of the dozen or so trained and experienced Death eaters until he showed himself. I mean, we were good, but we can't have been that good – they outnumbered us at least two to one. I think he pulls power from them, making them weaker too." Hermione interrupted Harry's thoughts. "Now Harry, you have to remember that they probably hadn't really fought anyone who put up any kind of a fight, since Voldemort first came to power." Ron laughed. "Harry, we were probably the first ones they had even seen in two decades who weren't scared shitless at the sight of them in their cloaks and masks!" Harry nodded. "Maybe so, but I still think there is more to it. If I'm right, the reason his curse didn't kill me as a baby was, in killing my parents, his soul split. Now here I am really guessing, but the word that was always used is 'split', not divided! That's the word that Slughorn used when he told Riddle about horcruxes. I think that the horcrux ritual splits his soul in two roughly equal parts. So the diary had one-half of his original soul, the ring had half of what was left, and so was a quarter, the locket had an eighth, and so on. By the time he killed my mom and dad, he had so little of his soul left in his own that he couldn't complete the job. Also, the creation, even if accidental, of an eighth horcrux broke the magical seven, and this weakened him further." "I wonder if there is a minimum amount of soul he still needs in order to remain alive? If so, maybe we can do something, destroying some of his horcruxes in a way that is so obvious, that he tries to make more, and this may kill him." Hermione smiled. "Are you suggesting that the 'Power-He-Knows-Not' may be that he is terrible at maths? He doesn't know his fractions?" Harry smiled sheepishly, "Maybe so. It all fits, doesn't it. I wonder…- Dumbledore thought that Voldemort may have hidden one or more of his horcruxes at Hogwarts, somewhere safe. I wonder if we can get into…" "Hang on. We know someone who works there who may be able to help us." As Hermione and Ron tried to think of who he meant, and looking into space at nothing in particular, he called out "Dobby" With a small pop, his devoted house elf friend appeared. "The great Harry Potter calls for Dobby. What does Harry Potter sir want?" Harry smiled at the diminutive elf. "Thank you for coming Dobby. I am sorry I forgot that you could find me whenever and wherever I was. Are you still working at Hogwarts?" The elf nodded vigorously. "Dobby is being working in the kitchens there, but he would prefer to work for Harry Potter sir." Harry nodded. "When things are safer, we can work on that, okay?" Dobby nodded his head so hard Harry thought it might fall off. Harry continued. "Dobby, can you find something at Hogwarts that was hidden a long time ago? Something hidden by Voldemort?" Dobby looked like he was going to cry. "Dobby is sorry, Harry Potter sir. Riddle that is Voldemort was from before Dobby was born, and Dobby's family were servants of Dobby's bad old master. So Dobby is not knowing much about him or what he is doing with things that he made into nasties. Dobby is knowing some