"Talking" " Thoughts" " Spells" This story idea has been floating around in my head for a while and I've finally got enough of the plot down to see how people feel about it. Reviews and questions are welcome. I do not own Harry Potter. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Little Whining, England May 28th 1986 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Vernon Dursley was sweating as he made his way to a pub from work, many would think it was because the large man was overheated from the summer weather but Vernon had another reason. It all started a week ago when he heard some people talking in the pub, he had gone out after work with some colleges to celebrate a new account. While there he heard some men talking about how most of the starting lineup for Chelsea was sick and wouldn't be playing in the football match this weekend. Vernon was never one to pass up a chance to win some extra money so he asked a few of his colleges and learned the name of a bookie that he could place a bet with. Vernon learned that weekend he should never listen to pub gossip, Chelsea had their starting team at full health and wiped the floor with Fulham. Vernon had gone from pale to a sickly green as he watched the game that day, his wife Petunia had asked if he was getting sick and he couldn't tell her the truth. As the week started Vernon tried not to focus on the debt that hung over him but as he looked through his finances and found he couldn't get together the money he owed in time. So here he was, walking to his bookie to tell him he couldn't pay the money yet. Some might try to hide and ignore the fact they owed a debt but Vernon had heard these men didn't play around. They had made him turn over a business card when he placed his bet, so they could find him if he welched on the bet. He had no doubt these men would show up at his work and cause problems if he didn't pay up. Vernon was a large man, mostly fat, but he had played some rugby during his younger days so he could hold his own but the men sitting around him as he walked into the pub worried him. Most were Vernon's height or just under but they carried themselves well and more than one looked like they had been in a fight or three. "What do ya need?" Vernon gulped as he looked behind the bar at the bartender. "I'm here to see Mr. Jacobs." Vernon said softly, almost afraid to speak. The bartender grunted and waved Vernon to the other side of the bar and towards a door. Vernon took a deep breath as he walked through the door and into a smoky room; a few small tables were littered around with people watching the televisions that hung on the walls. A couple looked up as Vernon followed the bartender to another door across the room but most ignored him, knowing why he was there. "Mr. Jacobs." The bartender said as he knocked on the door. "What is it Devin?" Vernon heard a voice say from behind the door. "I got someone here to see you." The sound of papers being shuffled and drawers closing behind the door before the voice spoke again. "Come in." The bartender opened the door and nodded for Vernon to enter, the large man squeezed past and into the room. It was mostly empty except for a large desk and two chairs in front of it. Behind the desk Vernon saw the form of his current fears, Michael Jacobs. He was a man in his forties but looked like he was as fit as a twenty year old. He wore a form fitting black suit with pinstripes and a red shirt under his jacket, his black hair was cut short and Vernon shivered as the man's brown eyes inspected him. "Can I help you?" Michael asked as he tried to remember who Vernon was. "You here to make a payment." "W-w-ell the thing is sir." Vernon began to stutter out but flinched when Michael slammed his hand down on the desk. "Now I know you're not about to tell me you don't have my money." Michael said as he leaned forward on his desk to stare at Vernon. "I'm quite positive you said you could pay if you lost." He wasn't sure but knew he told that to everyone who made a bet with him. "It's not that I can't." Vernon cut in quickly. "I just need more time to get it all together." Michael let out a sigh and ran his hand through his hair, he hated when people tried to cry their way out of owing him money. "Do you know how many people come in here daily and try to beg?" Jacobs asked as he stood up from his chair. "You knew what you were getting into when you made this bet; I gave you a time line and everything." He flicked his wrist and Vernon looked wide eyed as a stick appeared in his hand. "Your one of them." Vernon said quietly as he started to back away towards the door, Michael paused and gave Vernon a curious look. "You're one of those freaks." Vernons voice started to rise and Michael decided he didn't want to deal with that. " Silencio" With a jab of his wand Michael silenced Vernon; he watched as Vernon tried his best to scream and started to turn purple with rage. "Sit the fuck down and shut up." Vernon paused in his actions and starred as Michael pointed the wand at him; finally Vernon walked forward and sat down. "Good, now I'm going to let you speak but if you start to yell I'll shut you up again, got it?" Vernon watched the man for a minute, trying to figure out what to do but realized he was screwed either way. With a nod Michael waved his wand. "Now, by your reaction you know what this is." Michael held up his wand. "But you are not a wizard; I'm guessing you have a relative that is because you called me a freak." "Yes." Vernon said as he took a deep breath, what fear he had before was increased now that he knew he was dealing with a wizard. "My wife's sister was one and my nephew is." "Was?" Michael asked, noticing as the past tense verb. "Dead." Vernon said with a huff. "Her and her dead beat husband left it up to us to raise their brat." "I see." Michael stroked his chin as an idea began to form in his mind. "I tell you what; I think we can work out a deal." Vernon looked both surprised and hopeful. "It's summer so how about you send your nephew here and I put him to work. Everything he would earn I will knock off you debt." It wasn't the best idea but something in his stomach didn't like the idea of a young wizard growing up with someone who obviously has a problem with magic. "Deal." Vernon said as he jumped up from the chair and shook Michael's free hand. "When do you want him?" "Drop the boy off in the morning when you go to work." Michael said as he moved back to his chair, Vernon nodded and waddled as fast as he could out the door. Michael let out a sigh as he put his wand back into its holster, he was only going to check if Vernon was lying and now he had to deal with a kid. "You alright boss?" Michael looked up to see Charles, his main enforcer standing in the doorway. Michael was almost sure Charles was part giant, standing 6'7" and three hundred pounds of muscle few ever refused the man. "Not sure." Michael replied as he waved the man into his office. "Were having a guest tomorrow." "Who?" Charles asked both curious and confused. "That fat man's nephew." Charles raised an eyebrow, causing Michael to sigh. "The kids a wizard." Charles took a quick breath and his eyes widened, he knew about Michaels secret even though he was a supposed muggle. Michael came clean to their boss about his secret so he could rise through the ranks and start to earn himself and his wife money. "So why is he coming here? Charles asked as he recovered from the news. "You going to teach him magic and stuff?" Michael shrugged and leaned back in his chair. "I don't know, the fat bastard called me a freak when he saw my wand and when I heard he was caring for his nephew." He let out a sigh and waved his hands in the air. "I don't know it just felt wrong, fuck I don't even know how old the kid is." "I get it." Charles said with a small smile, he himself didn't have the best childhood. "So what you going to have him do?" "Run errands, clean up the bar." Michael said with a shrug. "Will figure something out, mainly I want him to know being a Wizard doesn't make him a freak." Charles nodded and stood from his chair. "Right then, I'll let the boys know." The tall man then headed for the door but stopped and looked over his shoulder. "You know you need to tell Mr. White." Charles then chuckled. "And your wife." Michael groaned but nodded his head as he reached across his desk and picked up the phone. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Harry Potter was worried; his Uncle had come home last night and informed him that he was going with him somewhere in the morning. Harry was sure it was going to be something bad because his Uncle hated him, all his life he was referred to as freak or boy, he lived in a cupboard under the stairs and wore all his cousins old clothes, which were two sizes to big even though they were the same age. Harry was a small child, even for a six year old, scrawny with messy black hair that wouldn't ever brush down, green eyes and a scar above his right eye that resembled a lightning bolt. He let out a sigh as he watched the buildings pass by outside the car window before turning to his uncle. "Where are we going?" Vernon shot Harry a glare that Harry knew meant shut up so he went back to window watching. Soon Vernon pulled up to the curb and got out of the car, Harry quickly followed after him curious as to why they were going to a pub. The few patrons that were in the pub turned as Harry and Vernon walked inside. Harry stood kept his eyes down and quickly followed after his uncle so as not to anger him. Vernon led Harry through another door and pointed to a seat. "Sit down and don't move boy." Harry quickly moved to the chair and sat down as his uncle went to the door in the far wall and knocked. Harry looked around the room and quickly looked down when he noticed a tall man watching him, he started to panic when he heard footsteps coming his way and worried he had done something wrong. "Moring lad." Charles said as he pulled out a chair and sat down across from Harry, a frown was on his face as he noticed how small the boy was compared to his oversized clothing. "What's your name?" "Harry." The boy mumbled out softly as he continued to stare at the table. "Harry huh, that's a fine name." Charles reached out and put his hand in Harry's sight. "Charles." Harry grabbed hold the man's hand only to find he couldn't fit his around it and instead held onto his thumb and shook. "Your uncle tell you