Welcome to part 2 of this trilogy! As before, I own absolutely nothing and make absolutely nothing off these stories, they're merely for the enjoyment of myself and others. I will be honest, there will be a lot of references to the previous story so if you haven't read it, you might want to just so you aren't lost. Or, if you just want to jump in, peruse the comments of the last story, it'll catch you up somewhat. WARNING: There is mature content in this chapter to make up for the lack of Bellamione in the ending of the last story (The Daughter of Darkness if you're new here). It starts literally when Hermione arrives so use caution if that isn't your thing. The next -X- break is the non-sexy stuff. A bit of this chapter touches on Draco and his views of the world. While it may seem a bit OOC, in hindsight I don't really think so. He's still Draco, but he has a little more depth to him. Since this is the beginning of the story, I'm doing a top A/N but next chapter it'll be back at the bottom like normal so I apologize if a top one is disconcerting. There will be at least 40-50 chapters depending on how this goes and, while heavily a Bellamione story, it is also meant to follow their lives and Hermione's growth as a person and her relationships with others as well. It also follows their connection and love, so don't be too put off because I do plan to do them justice and that still be one of the major major focuses. This story is about them, after all. I will always give warnings beforehand if there is anything sexual. There may be violent moments, but they usually aren't graphic and tend to follow the canon violence. If things are more graphic, there will be a warning as well. I hope you enjoy and until next time, peace out! -X- Cornelius Fudge was in trouble and he knew it. Deniability was no longer a viable option and he was floundering under paperwork and scrutiny that he'd never expected to have when he'd taken office years ago. He'd argued and screamed, fight tooth and nail to convince the world He wasn't back and now, months later, he was trying desperately to regain footing with the Ministry and the entire Wizarding World. The Daily Prophet retracted their former accusations and nasty words about Harry Potter and Albus Dumbledore, trying to placate the angered masses – to fix the chaos Fudge had unwittingly tossed them into - while the Minister himself contemplated his life and the position he was in. Should he step down? Would everyone continue to blame them for the lack of awareness and planning? How could he get out of this alive? He glared at the paper resting in front of him and sighed. The world felt new and unknown, yet so old and familiar. They'd suffered through this before, but this was different. You-Know-Who already had followers and a platform; he could advance farther without the resistance he had the first go-round. There was no proof as to who his followers were. Most of the Death Eaters had escaped the Ministry, leaving behind only a few stragglers and no-name criminals who He must have corralled into his army. None of their suspected Death Eaters had been caught and it left a horrible taste in his mouth. His dementors were revolting, wizards were calling him every terrible name they could think of and his nerves were shot to hell and back. He was stuck – and it was his ignorance that caused all of his problems. What am I going to do? -X- Malfoy Manor was just how Hermione remembered it. The iron gate stood tall, intimidating and commanding. It was a symbol of strength and power, towering over them and casting shadows along her body. Her things were hurriedly taken from her hands the moment she stepped through the gateway and onto the grounds. Death Eaters were milling about; some waved awkwardly while others smiled genuinely at her and the Malfoys. Draco ushered her along. "Come. I'm sure Aunt Bella is dying to see you and I would like to miss your impending explicit reunion." Lucius chuckled, his wife rolling her eyes at Draco's comment. He wasn't wrong, but he was not the only one who wanted to avoid the scene. It was bound to be graphic and clothes were surely going to be strewn throughout her home. Hermione followed Draco's lead and slipped into the manor, only to be jerked from his side and slammed into the wall next to the door. Desperate lips meshed with her own, teeth digging into her bottom lip and sharp nails dug – almost painfully – into the skin exposed by the slight gap of her shirt and jeans. She flushed with desire and her moan was swallowed greedily. "Really, Bella?" Narcissa snorted in disgust, steering Draco away. "At least wait until you're in your room." "Good idea," the dark witch purred, stepping back. She grasped Hermione's hand and tugged her toward the stairs. Dolohov was laughing boisterously from his perch on the second floor railing, shaking his head while they rushed up to the third landing. He'd hope to greet the young Riddle, but alas, he would have to wait until later. Bellatrix threw open the door and led Hermione inside, closing the door by pressing her roughly against it. She eagerly started pulling on Hermione's shirt, only to have gentle hands stopping hers. "Slow down," Hermione panted with a smile. "We have time." Bellatrix relaxed, smiling contentedly at her lover. "Merlin I've missed you." "I missed you too," Hermione admitted, cupping Bellatrix's cheeks and kissing her so sweetly that tears sprang to the Death Eater's eyes. She'd never known someone so tender yet so fierce. She was passionate and brilliant with a streak of darkness that was entirely too sexy – and she was all Bella's. Deepening the kiss, Bellatrix licked the back of Hermione's teeth playfully. Her fingers drifted along the plane of Hermione's stomach, a warm thigh pressing between the Gryffindor's legs. Groaning, Hermione's head banged against the door and her hands slipped into inky curls. "Merlin…" A husky chuckle escaped Bellatrix's throat and she studied her lover, her gaze trailing along the curve of her jaw and downward to her waistline. "Bella will do," she replied cheekily. Hermione's eyes were almost black, her pupils so dilated that they were drowning her irises. Lust swirled around the remaining color and she urged Bellatrix backward, delicately touching the older woman's shoulders so she could shove her onto the bed. She fell onto the mattress with an "oomph" and Hermione straddled her hips, capturing her in a sensual kiss and grinding salaciously against her clothed center. Bellatrix gripped Hermione's sides, intent to flip them but Hermione merely pushed against the woman's chest and pinned her. "Not a chance," she purred. "You do what I say right now. Don't move." Bellatrix's eyes widened and she swallowed dryly. Hermione was never dominant. Even during the Hogsmeade rendezvous, she'd remained rather submissive. This was a side of Hermione she'd never seen – and it instantly made her wet. "Do you understand?" Bellatrix nodded so fast she was certain she'd give herself whiplash. Hermione dragged a nail along Bellatrix's pale throat and smirked at the pounding pulse she found there. She'd never felt so empowered before; the right hand of the Dark Lord submitting to her command was the greatest ego boost she would ever encounter. A single line of red was left in her finger's wake, marring Bella's pale flesh. She ground her hips harder into Bellatrix's, an obscene moan slipping from parted lips. Bellatrix's chest rose and fell rapidly, attentively watching her girlfriend's every move. Wet heat dampened the apex of her thighs, ruining her black lace panties. She ached to rub them together – to quench the burning - but it was impossible with Hermione resting tantalizingly on her hips, pinning her – willing – body to the mattress. "Patience." Hermione winked lecherously, running her hands up her body and palming her own breasts teasingly, head tossed back as she played with her nipples. She could feel Bellatrix's need pulsing through her veins and it served only to intensify her own. Fire pooled in her belly and she decided that torturing Bellatrix wasn't worth it. She needed her and she needed her now . "Undress me." Bellatrix jerked into an upright position, spreading Hermione's legs slightly and settling her comfortably on her lap. She tugged at Hermione's shirt, nearly ripping it in her haste to remove it from her lover and she nearly came at the sensation of Hermione's bared body beneath her hands. Her fingers flexed, the urge to stroke Hermione's exposed, supple skin. "Touch me," Hermione commanded breathlessly. Her eyes rolled back in her head when her lover hurriedly unclasped her bra and her taut nipple was trapped between soft lips while the other was caught by Bellatrix's thumb and forefinger, tweaking it expertly. She knew exactly how to stoke Hermione's heat; strum her body like an instrument that only she could play. Hiking up the Gryffindor's skirt with her free hand, her digits slid along sodden panties and arousal soaked thighs. She pressed her thumb against Hermione's engorged clit and a wanton moan echoed through the room, Hermione rolling her hips desperately, following the sensation in hopes of coaxing more. Hermione gripped Bellatrix's hair painfully and tugged, smashing their lips together. "Fuck me," she whined, mouth never leaving Bella's. "Now." With a sharp twist, Hermione's panties were snapped in two and the cool air on her heated center felt amazing. Groaning brokenly, she grasped Bellatrix's hand and shoved it between her legs. Two fingers were shoved deep inside and she shamelessly rode Bellatrix's hand, the dark witch's arm encircling her waist to keep her upright. The angle was awkward for her wrist, but Bellatrix was so enthralled at the sight of Hermione losing control that she paid no attention to it. She'd never seen such a glorious sight; Hermione, head thrown back, flushed with need and a constant stream of pleas and moans eclipsing the sound of Bellatrix's labored breathing. Bellatrix curled her fingers and stroked firmly, her own whimper escaping as slick walls clamped down hard. Circling Hermione's clit with her thumb, she watched her lover tumble over the edge into ecstasy. Hermione's head fell forward against Bellatrix's shoulder and writhed uncontrollably as pleasure washed over her and liquid fire rushed through her veins, her teeth sinking into the flesh she found there. Dragging out the last of Hermione's orgasm, Bellatrix kept Hermione close. Her lover released her burning shoulder but she didn't complain. Knowing she'd sport a bruise was exhilarating. Freeing her hand, she couldn't help but glide her fingers into her mouth and moaned appreciatively when the taste of something purely Hermione touched her tongue. Leaning back, Hermione nudged Bellatrix's digits from her mouth and captured her lips in a searing kiss. "Merlin, that was amazing," the younger woman panted. She pressed her forehead to Bellatrix's and sighed blissfully. "I'm so glad to be home." -X- Lounging in the summer sun, Hermione was gazing at the grounds of the manor. Narcissa's prized garden was alive with growth and color, flowers swaying in the light breeze. It was the first time she'd come out since she arrived, having been holed up with Bellatrix in their room. For three days they'd tangled themselves in the sheets, alternating between making love, fucking hard , and talking late into the night. Narcissa had sent elves to deliver their meals and Draco found deep enjoyment in banging randomly on their door as he passed. One Anteoculatia later, he decided that wasn't such a good idea anymore. Beams of light danced across her face and she tilted her