A/N: Also posted on AO3 by RedLikeLithium4. Warning: Swearing. Disclaimer: J. K. Rowling owns Harry Potter, I own this fanfic. Once In A Blue Moon Remus Lupin started working at the Blue Moon Coffee Co. about five months ago. It's the longest he's kept a job so far, and it's also been his favorite yet. The cafe itself is only a little over 900 square feet, set on a corner of the urban downtown area. It's right across the street from the centre park, a neighbor to the public library, and a ten minute walk from the university. The parking is terrible - Remus rides his bike to work instead of driving - and rush hour is a wild adventure every time, but the employees are nice, the hours are good, and thick smell of coffee beans in the air is enough to make Remus feel at home. He either cashiers or baristas throughout shifts, depending on where he's needed. Which is fine, because the job is to either greet customers with a smile on his face or keep busy by putting a little extra love into the drinks and pastries he makes. Though he thinks he may like cashiering a bit better - he's already burned more than few croissants, so it's better that he stays away from food. At least the drinks are easy. The aesthetic of the Blue Moon Coffee Co. is another thing Remus likes. It undoubtedly has an indies vibe, which a lot of people would scoff at, but Remus thinks it feels warm and comfortable. The navy blue walls, the off-white trim, the starry decorations, the different portraits of the night sky to go with the name - it's all very cute and endearing. But, like any job, it isn't perfect. The location is ideal, but it means the Blue Moon is swamped with customers day in and day out, 24/7. It keeps the baristas constantly on their toes, the cleanup is nothing to be desired, and the lines have, on more than one occasion, lead out the door. It truly isn't for the faint of heart. Lucky for Remus Lupin, he's a stubborn son of a bitch with decent social skills and the drive of being a poor college freshman to motivate his work ethic. The biggest adjustment he's had to make, he thinks, is losing his perfectionism. Like everyone, Remus has made many mistakes, whether it be the burned croissants, counting the wrong amount of change, or forgetting to add an ingredient to a frappuccino and having to remake it. Mistakes are part of life, Remus has come to understand and begrudgingly accept. He has to learn from them rather than dwell on them. And he's gotten pretty good at doing exactly such. That doesn't make mistakes any less embarrassing, though. Like now, as Remus greets the next man in line. It's one of those Saturdays where the cafe is packed and the line is backed up to the entrance. Next to him, Alice Longbottom is manning the second cash register while three baristas work in a frenzy behind them. As usual on days like these, Remus opens up with, "Hi, sorry for the wait. What can I get for you?" The man in front of him can't be any older than he is. He's thin with a good build, wearing a black, leather jacket and jeans. He has dark eyebrows settled over sharp, grey eyes. His hair is stupid - it's long, black, and obsessively combed through to the point of sleekness. Usually, Remus doesn't notice details about customers, but Remus also has a type: and grungy, maybe-emo, probably-drives-a-motorcycle bad boy is, unfortunately, it . Tall, Dark, and Handsome's eyes snap down from the menu and he clears his throat. "What the fuck is a latte?" Remus blinks at him. "It depends on if you want coffee or tea." "Definitely tea. Coffee is the invention of Satan himself." Remus blinks again. He happens to like coffee… "Then it's tea with steamed milk. It's hot and you can choose from chai or green." The man nods profoundly, like he has just obtained some invaluable information. "Awesome. I'll take a large chai of that and a large house brew coffee." He grins. "For my friend," he adds. Remus nods back. "That'll be eight ninety-eight." The man already has his wallet out and he hands him a ten. Once he has his change, Remus asks, "Can I get a name for the order?" This is where Remus Lupin, not for the first time in his eighteen-and-three-quarter years of life, fucks up. "Pad-" the rest is cut off by a lady shouting behind the man. The man, once he finishes saying the mess of sounds that had been his name, smirks and scurries away to the pickup counter to wait for his drinks. Remus pauses. What he had heard was "Padlock", which makes no sense on Earth or anywhere else in the goddamn universe. Remus knows he had heard wrong, but the woman in front of him is very impatiently glaring at him, so he writes "Padlock" on both cups in black, incriminating Sharpie and asks the new girl to switch places with him. Someone is going to call this guy's name wrong, so Remus may as well be the asshole to do it. He does apologize to the new girl, Lily He-Can't-Remember-Her-Last-Name, for leaving her with the cranky, probably-suburban woman who had shoved "Padlock" out of the way. Thankfully, Lily seems to have a thick skin; instead of getting annoyed, she just smiles understandingly at him. Remus is good at drinks. He has the coffee and chai latte done quickly. What makes him hesitate is the fluttering burn of embarrassment churning in his stomach. He sighs, sucks in a breath to replace it, and goes to the pickup counter. "Padlock" is standing there, and Remus realizes that he's been saved from having to yell the wrong name. If he's literally right here , Remus can hand him the drinks and disappear before the stranger reads what is scrawled on them. Which is exactly what Remus does, except the man says, "Thanks!" and proceeds to curiously check the names on the cups to make sure they're his before Remus can scamper away. The quick apology dies in his mouth when the man doubles over laughing. "Oh, mate!" he says through what sounds like sobs. "PADLOCK! Oh fuck, that's gold ." He straightens up, tears in his eyes, still laughing. "Oh, matey, your face is red !" The heat in Remus's cheeks only gets hotter. "I'm so sorry, sir." "What?" the man exclaims, pausing in his gut-laughter. "This is hilarious! Did I not speak clearly earlier? Because that's my bad, not yours." Remus shakes his head. "Sorry, it is very loud in here." Speaking of which, there's still an unbelievably long line to attend to. He had briefly forgotten where he is and apologizes once more to the customer who, thankfully, is not offended. He shrugs. "No need, man. It's Padfoot , by the way." "That isn't much better," Remus says before he can stop himself - it's his real personality slipping through his work façade - and he doesn't have time to apologize for the fourth time because Alice is screaming at him to get back to the register. "Have a good one!" As he rushes away, he hears Padfoot (what the fuck kind of name is that?) laughing again. . . Remus doesn't usually remember customers unless they're long-time regulars. Not only does he have the short-term memory of a fly, but he sees a thousand different faces every day, making it impossible to remember even a handful of them. Be it around the university, in the dorms, at the Blue Moon, or just on the streets, Remus is constantly surrounded by a blur of identities that he cannot be bothered to memorize. What usually sticks in his long-term memory is family members, friends, people willing to catch him up on notes in classes that he misses, and the people he meets in the middle of a humiliating situation. Most of the latter are customers at work. Remus remembers Professor McGonagall not because he's spoken to her approximately one (1) time on campus, but because he handed her back two dollars in change instead of twelve. She had had to correct his mistake for him, and though she took it well, Remus has always feared the reactions of authority figures. It had been his first real mistake on the job, so obviously, he recalls it quite well. He remembers Severus Snape not because he lives in the Slytherin dormitory, but because he had served him a caramel frappe instead of a green tea frappe. It had been a mixup of orders, but for such a quiet boy, Snape had made his crossness very known to Remus. He still ducks his head when they run into each other at school. And of course, Remus remembers Padfoot. Or "Padlock". To be fair, Padfoot isn't an easy person to forget. Yes, he is certainly Remus's type, but he was also the first customer to laugh off one of Remus's slip-ups at work instead of just tolerating it or getting mad. The next time Padfoot comes into the cafe, or at least during one of Remus's shifts, the morning rush is over and a serene quiet has fallen upon the building. There's an elderly man reading in the corner, Alice is sweeping the floor, and Remus is counting tips. It's only the two of them working now, and both look up to the bell of the door. It's Padfoot, shaggy hair and broad shoulders and all that jazz, except he's wearing the trashiest, baggiest, red hoodie Remus has ever seen. It's like he rolled out of bed and stole clothes from the Jolly Red Giant. Nonetheless, Tall, Possibly-Hungover, and Handsome grins widely at Remus as he swaggers up to the counter, leaning on it with one arm and crossing an ankle over the other in a classic Leans-On-Locker-To-Impress-The-Otherwise-Unimpressed-Girl pose. "What are the chances you'd put whipped cream on a chai latte?" "For you?" Remus raises an eyebrow. "Two percent." "Out of what, three?" "Out of a hundred." Padfoot drapes himself over the counter a little. "Truly tragic. My heart aches." Remus smiles and shakes his head down at the cash register. "What size?" "Extra, extra large. It's eleven AM, I haven't had breakfast, and I stayed up until 4 writing a paper. I have the class I'm going to fail in half an hour." He sighs dramatically. "So please, just fuck me up." Remus stares at him. They don't even sell an extra, extra large. "One large chai tea latte with whipped cream and a side of antidepressants, coming up. That'll be $1.99." Padfoot/"Padlock" grins at the joke, then frowns thoughtfully. "That can't be right." "I'm giving you my employee discount," Remus says. "You look like hell, so I'm doing my good deed of the day." "What's your name?" he asks, peering at Remus's name tag pinned to his apron. "Ree-muss? Remus. I could kiss you, my good man." Remus laughs. "No problem. I'll have that out for you in a moment." He picks up a large cup. "Name for the order?" he asks automatically. "Padlock." Remus shoots him an unamused glance. The man smirks. . . When Sirius Black strolls out of the Blue Moon Coffee Co., he's still losing his shit over "Paddywack" written in black marker and the ridiculous, heaping pile of whipping cream on his drink. . . "Sirius, mate, this isn't your name," James tells him when they meet up outside the lecture hall. Sirius has already finished off the whipped cream and had offered his friend a sip. James, however, instead of being grateful, insults Remus The Barista's handiwork like the git he is. "I'll have you know, I legally changed it to 'Paddywack' last Tuesday," Sirius tells him. "Some friend you