"Jesus! Are you done packing yet? You know we have to get you to the platform and in the train before it leaves or else you'll have to miss this year of Hogwarts," his mom said casually, walking into his room and sitting on his bed without knocking. She never used his nickname, Jason. He was reading the Daily Prophet. As usual there were plenty of articles about Harry Potter. He was just reading an article explaining the events that happened at the Ministry of Magic with Lord Voldemort. He knew Harry was telling the truth about him all along! "Mom! Don't even joke! I love Hogwarts, it's like, the best place ever. Besides we still have three hours and King's Cross is only an hour and a half away," Jason reminded his mom. She looked at him with a sad smile. Jason knew that his mother cried for at least a week when he went off to Hogwarts each year and at least three more when he went back the day after Christmas Break, according to his dad anyways. "Mom you know I only have two more years left. After that I promise I will move in with you and dad until I'm 35!" he said with a chuckle. His mom looked a little more relaxed after that. Then she looked at the newspaper Jason was reading. "Why are you always doing something that has to do with this character Harry Potter?" his mother asked, sounding just the slightest bit annoyed. "Mom. Really? I thought I explained this to you like 20 million times already," Jason exaggerated. "Harry Potter is a real person! He survived the killing curse that Lord Voldemort tried to cast on him! That's something no wizard has ever done! Plus he was only a baby!" explained Jason, getting a little over excited. "Is that all?" said his mom, unimpressed. "I survived plenty of shootings back in Mexico you know. At least seven of them, eight if you count the one when I was still in your abuela's womb," Jason cringed at the thought of his pregnant grandma ducking under tables and couches trying to avoid gun shots. "That's cool and all but, I'd honestly rather not have that image in my head thanks," he told her. Jason's mom laughed at his reaction and then got up and started to walk out. "Te quiero mucho, now start packing! I know you don't want to miss that train, even though I wouldn't mind if you did," she said standing by his door. "Yo también," said Jason. "And I already did!" he lied. His mom looked at him with a stare that commands the truth. "What?" he said, acting oblivious. "Hurry up, and wipe those fake glasses and scar off your face! You'll look absurd when we get to King's Cross" his mother said as she walked away. Her curly black hair bouncing up and down. Jason never noticed how short she was until she walked away for some reason. Jason had forgotten he even drew Harry's features on himself the night before. He always does it when he starts getting excited about seeing Harry again, even though he's never once spoken to him. He quickly remembered that he seriously needed to pack his things for Hogwarts. He started to think back at all his memories of the place. He remembered his 1st Year at Hogwarts. It was such a journey. Going through Platform 9 3/4, crossing the Black Lake, going into the Great Hall for the first time, all down to being sorted into Slytherin House. Of course none of it would have happened at all if it wasn't for the huge argument the preceded all these events. Originally Jason had to go to Eagle-Eye's Magic Middle School in the United States. When he found out he was a wizard everything just clicked and he didn't question a thing. Even though no one in his family had ever been known to be a witch or wizard Jason was really excited about being one. He just couldn't keep it in at the time, so he told his cousins. His cousins then talked about it in front of their parents and they started thinking Jason was crazy. Jason's family is a very religious one, being Catholic and all, so when they even heard the word "magic" they went nuts. They confronted his parents and asked them to explain why Jason was telling their children he could perform witchcraft. In all honesty, Jason's parents were also very religious, Jason's real name was Jesus for crying out loud! But thankfully Jason was very open-minded and that has rubbed off on them. It wasn't an overnight acceptance but as soon as they realized he was born with magical abilities and couldn't exactly help it they started to begin to budge, but they weren't truly okay with it until Jason's family expressed what they thought. He remembers it like it was yesterday. "So you're telling me your son is a wizard? That's ridiculous!" said his uncle Santos, laughing and pointing at Jason. "Yes, he is. The principal of the school came and explained everything to us," clarified Jason's mom. "We had the same reaction as you when he just appeared out of nowhere." "But then he told us to think back to anytimes that Jesus did something...extraordinary," Jason's dad told his family. "I'm sure you remember...the incident at the lake," When his father said this his two uncles and aunts all looked at Jason. He started to feel embarrassed so he ran off to the restroom. "That was nothing special! A-anyone can cup water in their hands..." said his aunt Maria. "I suppose, but wearing water on their hands? Have water put on like boxing gloves. I don't think that's very normal..." sassed Jason's mom. "We agreed that it was just a very sunny day, a trick of the light, and we didn't know what we saw!" yelled his uncle Jaime. Then Jason came back from the restroom. When he washed his hands the water stayed glued to them. He wanted to show his family that he could control it and there was nothing to be afraid of. "Look, see I can do it!" he said, showing everyone his hands. Everyone stared at him... Until finally his aunt Teresa broke the silence. "You're a f-freak...you're a FREAK! " she screamed. That outburst lead to others. His whole family was riled up. His parents were mad and were trying their best not to go crazy. His uncles looked at him like scum. His aunts looked like they couldn't believe they were related to him. Next thing Jason remembers is rage. He was hot with anger and it was reflecting off the water. Then he threw the scalding water at his aunts and uncles The whole conversation was in Spanish of course, it was also five years ago. One thing lead to another and Jason's parents ultimately decided to move and get away from the family. They contacted Eagle-Eye's and requested a school transfer. Eagle-Eye's recommended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. In the end they left everything and moved to Oxford, and Jason couldn't have been happier. Before the argument with his family Jason's parents treated him awkwardly after they found out about his powers. The argument strengthened his relationship with them in numerous ways, and he wouldn't have changed a single thing. Plus, he might have never found out about Harry Potter if they didn't move away, let alone go to the same school as him. After Jason finished packing he went to the restroom to wash off his drawn-on glasses and scar. He looked in the mirror and saw that it was already fading away. He looked at himself. Dark, short hair, just a tad bit longer in the front. His skin was on the lighter side and his family always teased him for it, calling him "Clarito", a loose translation would be "Clear Skinned". His eyes were brown, he was also slim when it came to his body, and being born and raised in the U.S. he had a perfect American accent. As he reached for the alcohol in the medicine cabinet someone knocked on his bathroom door. "Okay, I think we should leave now Jesus. Time is always a great thing to have extra of," said Jason's dad. Jason finished up wiping off the permanent marker with the alcohol, careful not to drop any in his eye, and brushed his teeth one last time at home before he left. The car ride to King's Cross Station was always exciting. He only ever sees London when he has to get his school supplies in Diagon Alley. He remembers choosing his wand at Ollivander's, or rather, the wand that chose him. It was made of oak, a dragon heartstring core, and it was 10". He was so happy because it had green stripes where the grip was and green was always his favorite color. It was a shame that it got closed down. Everything in Diagon Alley was pretty depressing this year. Prices went up in some stores for some reason so he had to get some of his school books in the used section of the stores. The rest of the car ride consisted of Jason messing with his 10 year old sister, Vanessa, and playing his Gameboy. When they finally got to King's Cross Station he had 15 minutes to get to the platform. "C'mon! I don't want to miss getting a good seat. Maybe I'll get one close to Harry!" Jason told his parents and sister. "Well... as close as I can, since our cars are in different sections of the train," They were all rushing straight into the wall that was actually a portal to Platform 9 3/4. "You and Harry Potter. Why don't you just marry him!" said Vanessa. Jason glared at her, accidentally causing her dark, straight hair to curl up. When she saw what happened to her hair she screamed. "Jesus!" nagged his parents. "What! I didn't do it on purpose!" Jason said truthfully, but they weren't buying it. His snickering didn't help convince them either. When they finally arrived at the Slytherin section of the train car he started to get ready to get on. The train was about to leave in five minutes. "Well...I better get on the Hogwarts Express now..." Jason told his parents. His mother looked at him and hugged him tightly. His dad patted him on the back and smiled. Even his sister said she was going to sort of miss him. Leaving for Hogwarts was always so emotional. His family meant a lot to him, and knowing he won't see them again until Christmas was just devastating. When the Hogwarts Express began to leave he saw his family waving goodbye. As he waved goodbye back he began to think how bittersweet the entire situation was. When the train finally left the station he decided it was time to go find a seat. He turned away from the window, took a deep breath, and put on an entirely new face. A happy one. When he enters the world of magic he always hides his true emotions. Especially in these days of horror and fear, no one can know his weaknesses. He tried looking for an actual train compartment with a door but the only seats left available were the ones in the cafeteria section of the Slytherin train car, the ones with tables. He sat down and realized that just across from him was Draco Malfoy and his crew. Jason despised him, and not only because he picks on Harry for no reason. He's a huge jerk. Not even the Slytherins like him very much. People only tolerated him because they were scared that his father was still a Death Eater, which turned out to be true. Jason predicts no one will even pay him any mind this year now