Getting Drunk on the Beach Sally was laying on her towel lounging in the sun, basking in its warmth. Although she knew it wouldn't last for the sun was setting and her wine bottle was almost empty. Her soft blue eyes looked out to the water without their usual mirth. Sally wasn't happy today, she and Paul had, had the worst fight of their relationship and were possibly broken up already. So Sally knew the only thing she could do was to get drunk at her favorite place in the whole world, the sea. Poseidon looked out through the water at his palace stressed of his mind. He decided that he would check on Percy and Sally a common thing he did when he wanted to get his mind off of the things going on under the ocean. He decided that he would start off with Sally since he hadn't seen her for a long time. The water shimmered in front of him and he saw her lying on the beach and a bottle of wine next to her and her eyes puffy from crying. Immediately he was up out of his throne and he appeared behind her protection was his number one goal. "Sally what on earth happened to you?" He asked quickly. Sally blinked. "...Posiny..." She slurred. "What the hell are you doing up in here." Her hair lightly blew in the cold wind. She was shivering and looked like hell but it was clear she didn't care or was too drunk to. "I'm here to get you, come on Sally let's get you up and out of here alright?" Poseidon said slowly as he picked her up easily as if she didn't weigh anything at all. "What happened?" He repeated. "Don't you touch me! I'm a fish with...wings." Sally mumbled, and shook her hair making her hair fall out of her pony tail. Then her head fell onto his chest like a child unable to though a tantrum any longer. Instead she just started sobbing into her old lover's shoulder. She was feeling more alone than ever before. "Hush... Hush Sally don't worry I've got you..." He said slowly before he held her tightly to himself and they disappeared from the beach quickly appearing at the cabin that he had taken her to when they were first together. Montauk setting her down on the bed as he went to go make her some coffee when she sobered up. "Why do all men leave...my father, you, and now Paul..." Sally drunkenly whimpered, throwing her arm over her eyes. "I hate you all." Sally laid still on the single bed and smiled up at the ceiling until more tears slide out of her cloudy eyes. She glanced at the sea king to find him holding a cup and looking shocked at her like she had said something crazy. To Sally she thought he was crazy, what kind of God made his own coffee anyway? "Just drink the coffee Sally and take deep breathes. I'm right here I never left you..." He said slowly he couldn't help but feel a pang of guilt wash over him. "Just drink the coffee..." He repeated Sally sadly just shook her head and whimpered. "I don't want your stupid coffee...I hate you so much!" She lashed out and hit him out of drunken anger at everything in her life. "Why can't you just leave me alone?! I'm homeless, cold and alone! I don't need you in my life!" "Sleep Sally sleep the alcohol off alright...?" He said gently before he brushed her hair out of her beautiful face. Gods it hurt whenever he saw her so much. He pushed her down as the coffee was cleaned up with the wave of his hand. He pulled the covers over her tucking her in. "What would Percy think if he saw you like this Sally..." He said gently brushing her hair once again out of her face. "...I feel horrible." Sally mumbled and closed her eyes and before she knew it Sally was passed out and dreaming of waves crashing onto the beach...just like the night they had made Percy. When she woke again to the sunlight the next morning. She covered her eyes and cried out in pain. "What did I do?" She asked the open air. "You drank at least a bottle of wine who knows what else..." Poseidon said slowly as he handed her a bottle of water and a couple of pain pills to help ease the pain. He wish he could do more but he was God of healing ... That must be real handy for Apollo. "How do you feel?" He asked. Shock went through Sally as she took in Poseidon. She squeaked half out of panic and half out of embarrassment. She immediately started smoothing out her hair and trying to find something to tie it back with completely ignoring her horrible headache. "Poseidon! W-what are you doing this?" She yelped. Poseidon smiled softly at her. "I found you drunk on a beach and decided to save you before something happened to you. A monster could have easily captured you in your state..." He said quickly. "What were you thinking?!" He said. Sally was too shocked to respond to the Gods question. She was horrified at being seen like this, not only was she in her late thirties now she knew what she looked like drunk and it horrified her. This was the last thing Sally wanted her old lover to see. She understood that he would bring her somewhere safe regardless of what she looked like because she was the mother of his child, but Sally still found it odd that he had found her in the first place and before she could think better she blurted out the first thing she thought to say. "How did you know I was on a beach, were you watching me?" She asked. Poseidon stopped looking at her for a moment before he waved the question off. "It doesn't matter, what matters is why were you drinking so heavily to begin with? Did something happen between you and Paul... He didn't hurt you did he?" Poseidon said quickly his anger growing "What! No Paul would never do anything to me...he just...doesn't want to be with me anymore." Sally mumbled. "I...I shouldn't even be here, Percy will be home within the week and he won't take this well and you being here. Gods this is so embarrassing." Sally said and covered her face with her hands. "Sally..." Poseidon said slowly as he walked to her brushing her hand out of her face. "Who gives a damn what Paul thinks. If he doesn't want to be with you, than he doesn't need you taking care of him." He said sternly. "You need to learn to say no to people more often. Or you'll keep getting hurt by them." "Paul had taken care of me, he is not Gab and I'm not the kind of women that would stay with a man who treats me badly, you should understand that about me Poseidon." Sally scolded. "Paul can't live my life anymore because it is just too much for him. He's always worried something is going to happen to me...or Percy." She shook her head. "It's unfair for me to keep him in a dangerous life." "If he can't handle it any more than that is his problem." Poseidon said sternly. "It is not your fault Sally. You do not have to carry everyone's burdens by yourself. What did he say exactly...?" He said pushing her down back into her bed. Sally shook her head and sat up quickly taking the pain pills. "Don't tell me what to do, I am fine. I just got a little drunk because I was sad...and the more important question is how did you find me? Were you watching me?" She asked. "That doesn't matter Sally what matters is that you are alright... I'm going to watch over you for a couple of days alright?" He asked looking over her again one more time before he got up. "Are you hungry?" He asked. Now Sally was truly angry. She grabbed his arm and looked right into his beautiful green eyes. "Poseidon...please, why were you watching me...you said Zeus wouldn't allow you. Were you checking on me and Percy?" Sally asked. "Yes...Yes I was...Is that such a bad thing to be checking on my son as well as you Sally. I'm sorry I'm not like the rest of my family who doesn't care about their children." Poseidon said sternly looking at her. "I saw you crying on the beach with a bottle of wine next to you what do you have me think you were up to I was worried something had happened." Sally flushed and looked away. "...I'm sorry. Honestly, I was thinking about it that way." She mumbled. "I, I didn't know what to think." "Now come on Sally you must be hungry I got some food for you to eat. Go take a shower while I go get it alright?" Poseidon said standing up. "There is some clothes for you to change into as well." Sally blinked a few times but just shook her head, she loved him but Poseidon's ever changing moods would always keep her on her toes. So she just got up and went to the back room to find a white dress...just like the one she had first meant him in. She flushed but shook her head. It was just a beach dress Poseidon probably put no thought into it at all. Poseidon set to work on getting breakfast ready for Sally working on eggs and bacon and sausage, the works. Humming to himself as he worked. He couldn't wait to see Sally in the dress that he loved so much. So after making herself look decent Sally went into the kitchen where Poseidon was humming softly to himself. "...I've always liked it when you sang, I know you don't bother because of Apollo but I think your better." Poseidon chuckled as he looked at her. "Better than the god music don't let him catch you saying that..." He said smiling softly at her. "I made you coffee and breakfast." He said showing her to the table. "Well, I'll make sure he won't hear me." Sally said smiling. "Thank you for cooking who knew that was a talent of yours." "After being alive for over two thousand years you learn a few tricks now and then..." He said smilingly at her. "Now eat before it gets cold." He said softly his eyes twinkling Sally smiled softly and went to the other side of the table and sat down. "It's been a long time since we've sat and eat together." She mumbled. Poseidon blinked a few times before he smiled sadly. "Yes it was, wasn't it..." He said softly as he watched her. "I believe it was the last time I saw you as my consort..." Poseidon blinked a few times before he smiled sadly. "Yes it was, wasn't it..." He said softly as he watched her. "I believe it was the last time I saw you as my consort..." Sally choked on her orange juice. She coughed for a moment and then blushed darkly. "Don't, don't say it like that." She glared. "You were my boyfriend and only when you were sleeping with did you tell me who you were." Poseidon blinked a few times. "But that was what you were. When two thousand years pass you'll be called my consort Sally. The one I would have stopped the sea for. " He said smiling hugely at her his eyes twinkling with mirth. Sally blushed darkly. "...anyways..." Sally mumbled. "We shouldn't talk that way. It would upset Paul." She mumbled. Poseidon sighed as he shook his head. "Sally I hate to be the one to say it, but it is true. What is