~In Another Life~ The Cullen family left Bella in the forest. In this story they didn't come back to forks. Bella ended up a vampire. She's now a feared member of the Volturi. She's got a daughter, and she's had no contact with the Cullens for almost a century. But the best laid plans of mice and men... Title: In Another Life Rating: Mature - Some violence, sexual situationss, and occasional coarse language Genres: Drama, Suspense, Action, Romance, Family Relationships: Bella/Alice Canon Status: Alternate Universe (divergent from the moment Edward left Bella in New Moon ) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX ~ Chapter One ~ Every single night the same arrangement I go out and fight the fight. Still I always feel the strangest strangement Nothing here is real, nothing here is right. I've been making shows of trading blows Just hoping no one knows That I've been going through the motions Walking through the part. Nothing seems to penetrate my heart The curved hallway was already clear as the cloaked and hooded figure stalked through it, her very presence intimidating. Her posture, the tilt of her shoulders, and her aggressive gait made it clear that she had neither the time nor inclination to stop and talk with anyone. This was one of the reasons why no one even attempted to get in the way, the other was her reputation, which was such that the guard knew better than to bother her in the slightest. In the past three quarters of a century, she had been the cause of many of their number having to literally be pieced back together, when training sessions got a little too intense, they made the mistake of outright challenging her, or worst of all on those rare occasions that one of them was foolish enough to actually anger her. Her violent temper had made most feel the need to dance on egg shells around her. It didn't help that the ancient hallways were barely wide enough to accommodate a single person going in each direction if they hugged to the wall. She didn't even notice that she took up the entire space, since no one had gotten in her way in a long time. "I'm hoping for Australia, I'm *so* done with winter right now. Where do you think we're going to end up this time? I'm guessing the States are a problem again, cause I know Jane and Alec just took off not too long ago. That place seems like it needs visits regularly. Wanna place bets on where Aro sends us?" Eliza sent Isabella with a touch of playfulness through their peculiar connection, which was one part telepathy and one part physical bond. They shared thoughts, memories, and sensations effortlessly along an ethereal tether. To them it was as natural as feeding. Eliza had desperately wanted to go along for the summons, but Isabella had refused since Eliza's mood at the moment was bordering on insolent. When she got like that, it was best to keep her away from Caius, who's impatience was legendary. Eliza sighed outwardly, resting her chin on her hands which were balanced on the big windowsill of their shared room. The sharply angled rooftops of Volterra were always a welcome sight to her, but a tiresome one. She had been staring at the same view for nearly three-quarters of a century. Isabella tried to ignore her daughter's melancholy mood, and instead focused on the situation ahead of her. She didn't even acknowledge the secretary as she strode by, although she did glance at her once as she pulled back her hood. The exquisitely beautiful, short, raven haired woman stood up respectfully at her passing. Isabella flinched inwardly, she looked too much like someone she didn't want to think about from her human past. And the passing resemblance made her scowl. She was half tempted to mention her displeasure to Aro, but she had no doubt that another would soon take her place, since she was just the latest in a very long line of secretaries, a position that mostly ended up ending when they were used as meals. "Does it matter Eliza? It's not exactly like we need to worry about parkas except for show, and you don't tan so what's the difference? Would you prefer it if we stayed here, with nothing to do for months on end?" Isabella's slightly playful response was a positive sign, at least to Eliza. It meant her mother was ready to get out again, which meant she would have a measure of patience this time around. If she had been emotionless like normal, they would go, kill, and come back without so much as a shopping trip. Isabella could immediately feel the response floating back along the link they shared, the mocking disgust at just sitting around. Elizabeth was her daughter, even if they didn't share DNA. Isabella had frequently wondered if she would be as close to Eliza if she were simply her birth mother. Their connection was far more complicated, especially given the circumstances surrounding Eliza's conversion. It was easy to tell there was a physical connection between the two. Their pale faces had the same structure, except for a couple of minor differences. Their dark hair was of similar cut and length, even though they styled it differently. To human eyes, the two women did look more like teenagers, and they could easily be identified as close relations, not quite identical to the most attentive of eyes but most definitely siblings. Their eye color was what really set them apart though; Eliza's eyes were a deep violet which stood in stark contrast to Isabella's which were a dark red. Eliza had been a captive all her short life until Isabella found her on one of her first missions. What occurred that night was still a matter of debate among the few that knew the particulars, but what wasn't up for debate was that it left the two of them changed. The bond was only one aspect of that transformation, the rest was the reason they were so feared. Though some made the arguments that the two of them were no longer true vampires but... something else. Since that night, they had been connected to one another as mother and daughter for almost seventy-five years, sharing their lives as a family. Isabella had never wanted to have a connection that was so personal, her past was such that interpersonal relationships were difficult for her. She was taciturn in demeanor and stoic in manners, although the phrase "heinous bitch" had been used to describe her on more than one occasion by members of the Volturi coven and guard; though never when they thought she was in ear shot. Eliza might've been the more verbose and friendly of the two outwardly, but she had her own violent streak mostly stemming from her formative years as a test subject. "I guess not. Say hi to Gramps, Uncle C, and Marcus for me." Eliza had never been able to come up with an appropriate nickname for Marcus, and since he was so dead to the world she never felt a need for one. Still, she engaged him more than anyone else did, and he responded to her in turn. She wasn't sure if he was fond of her, but he did seem to be slightly less morbidly zombie like around her. Isabella shrugged, and gave her an mental nod. Eliza sighed again, and continued to look out the window, although most of her attention was completely diverted as she used her connection to look through Isabella's eyes. Isabella ignored the page that announced her appearance in the main chamber of the Volturi throne room, he was a little weasel of a vampire named Collins, who very much reminded her of the oblivious cousin of Eliza's namesake. Eliza kind of wished Isabella eye's would wander, because the room was very plain at eye level, but the large ornate dome structure of the ceiling was simply marvelous. It was patterned after old Italian or Greek architecture, and Aro boasted that it was built during those times. Before her on a dais, raised several steps above the floor were three large ornate chairs. In those overly ostentatious chairs sat the men who sat at the head of the Volturi coven. A coven that felt more like a monarchy, with the members of the coven acting as nobles, and the guard as their knights, generals, and soldiers. Aro, Caius, and Marcus' ages were completely indeterminate, but their skin betrayed their advanced age. It appeared almost paper thin, even though it was an illusion. Their physical power might've been diminished over time to a degree, but their speed and skill was practically unrivaled. Each were capable of eliminating any vampire or group of vampires one on one. Except for Isabella and her daughter. Individually Isabella and Eliza were stronger than a newborn and faster than an elder, which separated them out from the rest of their kind. They had each also spent most of the last century in one form of combat training or another. It was that fear that gave them their position within the Volturi, and stayed Aro's hand when they acted against orders on occasion. Together they were extremely formidable, and had been accepted into the family as the trio's personal enforcers. Except they didn't know that their vaulted place within the coven wasn't entirely based on merit, Aro kept them close partially out of paranoia. Fearful that they could become like the dog that is mistreated, that eventually turns and bites its master. Isabella faced the dais, from her position Marcus was on the left, his utterly apathetic expression brightened ever so slightly by her appearance. He hadn't changed at all in Isabella's tenure within the Volturi. He had dark hair and a face that would be kind if he was able to convey any kind of emotion. Unfortunately he was a prisoner of his own misery, trapped in a never ending monotony in a place that only marginally kept his interest. His eternal torment was having survived the death of his beloved Didyme, Aro's sister, and one of the founding members of the Volturi. For most of his three thousand years he passed through life barely aware of what was happening around him except in the most passing of ways. Eliza had once mused that if she set fire to his loose dull hair, he might only react enough to tilt his head and watch it burn rather than do anything to stop it. Eliza closed her eyes as a memory came up after Isabella glanced at him. A memory of Marcus tending the flowers that had bloomed for as long as the structure had been standing. He kept the private garden in memory of Didyme, and it was the only time of day when he was active. Even with his apathy he as a fount of knowledge, his extensive reading on practically every topic was a source of never-ending interest for Eliza. She went to him practically every day, as he hummed the same melody. She would ask questions, and he would answer her without complaint. He wasn't impassioned like a lecturer, or as dull as a bored professor. His pleasant baritone, although devoid of intonation, had a quality to it that was very easy for Eliza to listen to. It was years before she thought to ask what he was humming. It was the only time he ever paused from his task. He stood with a blank stare, and tiled his head towards the sun. "It was her favorite, taught to her by her mother. She would sing it to me in the dead of night, when the human world slumbered. She said it was her way of letting the flowers know it was okay to bloom the next day. I do what I can to keep them happy, since they don't have her