To mate or not to mate Author: dunedin girl Beta: Jesuisb Rating MA Over 18's only Category: Romance/Humour Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight, its characters, and no copyright infringement is intended. Summary: 'Tis a known fact in the vampire community, that when you meet your mate, your thoughts open up to each other. 'Tis also a known fact that the bond is complete, once mates have consummated their mating. Meet Edward. 110 year old vampire. A mind reader. Trying to find his mate. " This is such a brilliant day to start my new diet."... "And I have to pick up the children, just so his small dick can fuck his secretary again..." "Here comes the rain, again falling on my head like a tragedy, falling on my head like a new emotion..." "I just wish someone could just sense how lonely I feel and maybe feel..." "OMG! Look at this hunkalicious man specimen. I swear this is my soulmate. And he doesn't even have to utter a word. How would he react if I licked his jaw?..." "Excuse me Miss?" I turned and saw her. I'm pretty sure this is not my mate, but you have to try in life. Again and again. And again. She was orange. Her hair stank of bleach. She is Lauren. She has fake boobs. Colour too. Nails as well. I'm pretty her top is synthetic too. And I had to confirm, if I had to pay fifteen lifetimes of bad karma, by getting her to sleep with me. " I can't believe, Mr Hunkalicious, has such a big dick. Oh, yes Lauren girl, you have hit the jack pot with this one. Now let's see if he knows where my clit is...oh my! He knows! He knows! Now, the only thing left is to convince him, I'm not a slut." Sometimes I wonder, if my super power is to keep a boner when all these women go on and on with their internal banter. From very crass to very shy to very kinky to just plainly annoying. No wonder why some men just simply shut down. It's because they've had a glimpse into some of these women's thoughts. As in all cases of PTSD, the memory is completely wiped from their minds. But in my case that is not possible. Vampire nature ensures you remember every painful detail of everything. Number one was Tanya, part of the befriended Denali coven. She saw me and guaranteed to me, I was her mate. I asked her what I thought and she replied there was no time to waste. A second later she had torn my pants in their living room and had me in her mouth. She was riding me so hard I was thinking she would tear my limbs off accidentally. Then, as these things happen, Queen of Hearts from Alice in Wonderland popped to mind along with the line "Off with his head!". I laughed so hard, but oblivious Tanya thought that was me reaching ecstasy. Both her sisters asked for a different and might I add double flavour of the Denali coven. I politely declined and that was the last I kept in touch with the coven. Alice would warn me of their decisions to visit, and I would conveniently disappear. Number two, was Jane of the Volturi Guard, when the Italian brothers went on an acquisition frenzy. Jane was into pain. Namely, my pain. She used her gift to incapacitate me and screamed with delight when I managed to keep my dick hard for her sadistic ways. My reasoning was to be rid of her and the Volturi once and for all. When I showed her the video she used her gift on me full force. I was literally shattered after that experience but Alice showed up with the multiple copies. This was not looking for my mate. This was trying to get rid of trouble. Number three, was Zafrina. Zafrina was human, but mental. She kept saying I was the one. Uh huh. The one. Antichrist style. She cut herself when we were having sex and I had to run for her life, not mine. I closed my nose, stopped breathing and left. I read the newspapers the next day that she was found bled out in her apartment. Somebody had done that, but not me. Local cults were blamed for promoting human sacrifices. What a mess. And no, for the love of all that's holy, Lauren is not my mate. Nor was Jessica, Abby, Helen, Paris (what a fucking pretentious name), Katie, Jennifer and however many more. Some human, some vampires. From sex swings, to exhibitionism, to bondage, to orders being handed out to and fro, I'm honestly fucking fed up, pun very much intended. Even though I'm getting plenty of action, this is the type of action that makes me feel more lonely than ever. Like I am not meant be with someone. That thought resonates in me, and fills me with an inexplicable sadness. I'm walking the streets in the evening again, and I'm trying to block out all the mental noise of women and men, not even remotely concerned with turning on the 'madar', you know, the mate radar. And in that moment, the mental buzzing, the sounds of traffic that whisper all the way from the motorway, and the changing colours of the twilight turning into night, I realise. What I probably should have a long time ago. I'm being chosen, every time. Every time, I stumble clumsily on the thoughts of hormonal women young and old, that fancy me. It's easy to fancy me, and NO I don't mean it in that way. No, I mean it's easy to fancy any vampire. Our essence and our looks are there to entice prey. Even though me and my coven, have given up on the human blood, that doesn't mean that our natural attributes are not meant to attract them in. I'm getting closer and closer to the epiphany, I can taste it. It's simple though, I should get to choose. A woman I like. Not someone trashy, skanky, too forward, too cougar. Not too loud, not with a cackling laughter, or too much bleach. A woman for me. I start to think that everything does happen for a reason. Maybe all these experiences, contributed to find what I don't want. A girl, who like me, enjoys a walk in the park, or the quiet of night time or even the moon. A woman who appreciates the sea, and likes different kinds of music. I come to a halting stop as my perfect memory starts working at the speed of lightning. I already know her. She's been there, in the background all this time. This shy, unassuming girl. The irony is, we've talked hundreds of times. We've even had a passing chuckle. The book store girl, Bella. She's beautiful, in an all natural way, with silky brown hair with shades of red and honey in it. With big, soulful, milk chocolate eyes that seem to stare into the depths of your soul. With ivory skin, that turns a lovely peachy shade if she's been out in the sun and an even lovelier shade of pink when she blushes. The girl that's chuckling to a book, or dries her eyes reading. She's being compassionate to her imaginary friends, or closes the book abruptly and takes a long sigh. She's always there, speaking of her loneliness in her mind, but not expressing any clear feelings about me. She has thought on the odd occasion that I looked happier or sadder one day or another. She had even noticed the amber colour of my eyes. That proves she cares, and she cares without asking anything in return. In fact, she has never asked for anything in return. She is selfless, and always thinks about her father who stays in Forks, if he's faring well, if he's eating well. She drives an old Chevy truck that was her homecoming gift when she had moved back to stay with him. The realisations flood me in a nanosecond, and I resume walking. Only my pace is as fast as walking can allow to not betray my inhuman nature. How did I ever expect my mate to come knocking on my door? Am I that stupid? Why would I expect someone, least of all my mate to approach me in the same crude manner I've been approached by all these women, all this time. I should, however, expect to get her to know me, the man of vampire nature, that denies said nature so he can still engage in the joys of society. All these women chose me because they thought I was hot and saw jaws and sex hair. My mate, should be wined, dined and wooed. My mate deserves romantic music and dancing cheek to cheek. I feel it deep in my unbeating heart, something has ignited. Something I thought had been lost for ever. Human urges, excitement and yearning. " He seems so lonely..." "I wish I had the courage for more than the usual pleasantries...I bet he's had an interesting life..." "Sometimes, I just feel that he feels so trapped." "I wish I could tell him not to feel alone, he has a friend in me." Recalling her thoughts startles me how often she's sensed my mood, or seen right through me for that matter... My walking turns into sprinting, as I reach her bookstore. It's dark, but I can hear a heartbeat outside. It's erratic and my first thought which sends me into a frenzy is that she's in danger. I can't hear anybody else's thoughts and I would be able to smell a vampire from here. Then I focus on her thoughts, as I circle the bookstore, heading for the back entrance through the narrow alley in vampire speed. " Edward, these are your hands playing with my hard nipples. Oh baby just like that!" I'm rock hard in a split second and I approach her in her stock room. Her vision renders me speechless and my hand goes to palm my painful erection. Her shirt is open and her hands are pinching hard her nipples above her bra and tank top. She is sitting on her desk, her back against the wall and her eyes are closed, her breaths coming in short pants and her legs are spread open and placed on each side of her at the edge of the desk. " I wish you were here, I wish these were your hands on my body, your lips on mine." I had to make a decision. I wanted her so badly, her thoughts alluring me and in that moment, whilst I was holding my hard dick in my hand, I knew: she was the one. I made my way inside, hoping not to startle her. Bella was still lost in lust and her wonderful flush had returned full force, peppering her skin with a delicious colour. I stood in front of her at the desk. Her eyes half opened and then the piercing scream followed. She jumped off the desk and gave herself the once over, making a proverbial phew of relief as she was still fully clothed. "E-e-edward? Wh-what are you doing here?" "It's time I made the right choice, Bella." "How did you get in? Did you break in? If you want money, I can..." I did what every mate would do for their mate in distress. I moved closer to her, and took her in my arms. My forehead touched hers and my hands moved in soothing circles down her back. I felt her hands moving reluctantly from being frozen on her sides to my back. Experimentally, they tightened just slightly around my torso. My frozen heart melted at her sigh. "Bella..." I sighed her name in prayer. "How did you get in here, Edward?" she whispered but didn't let me go.