Summary: After a brief, fearful heart flutter, Percy gives her a sidelong glance of recognition. He might still be a little fearful. Sure, the town he and his mom live in now isn't all that big, but what are the chances of someone else choosing to run on this particular backroad? He'd chosen the one the furthest away from the main road for a reason. "Fancy seeing you here," he greets drily, not losing step in the slightest. Annabeth Chase gives him a significant look. "Good runners choose good roads, I guess." OR - Annabeth's the girl who hardly ever loses a race, and Percy's the new kid who doesn't have time for track team. It's a love story waiting to happen. Disclaimer: I don't own the Percy Jackson and the Olympians series. Author's Note: This took ridiculous amounts of time. The title belongs to Explosions in the Sky. Please forgive the formatting errors, since I've fought with these italics for too long to care anymore. Have a nice day! ;;; Percy stares at his walls—or, rather, the walls to his new bedroom. They're a less-than-charming shade of white and a far cry from the dark blue that covered the walls of his previous room. His bed is smaller here, too, which would make his new room appear spacious, if it weren't for the numerous cardboard boxes that seem to cover every spare inch of his floor. The place is quite an upgrade from their old city apartment, which was cramped and creaky and hardly worth the monthly rent, but still home. Percy's room—shirts , one of the boxes says. Percy's room—track stuff , says another. Percy picks the second one up, pushes it into the furthest corner of his empty closet, and frowns at the sight of a dead beetle. New school tomorrow, new town yesterday, and a new house today. Percy's never taken all that kindly to new things. He kicks boxes aside, clearing a path to his window. Perhaps the weirdest part of this whole ordeal is the fact that, when he looks outside, the grass is only a few feet down rather than a dozen. He could use his window as a door if need be. He unpacks one box of clothes, the one that's supposed to hold shirts, but also has a rogue pair of jeans that, for whatever reason, wasn't packed with the rest. He drapes them over a box, grabs the first t-shirt his hand touches, and resolves to wear it to school tomorrow. He falls asleep before his mom even calls him for dinner. ;; Percy's met his fair share of new people today, but none of them made an impression quite like Annabeth Chase. For one, Coach Dalton (or maybe Dawson, Percy can't keep up with all the names) immediately points her out as his star pupil. She apparently excels at tennis and basketball, can hold her own in a softball game, and tends to beat any race she's challenged to. Coach tells Percy to go to her for all of his gym- and sports-related needs; calls Annabeth Chase his right-hand woman, bragging on her until Percy loses track of all the trophies this girl's won for her school. Percy, before even meeting Annabeth Chase, decides he'll steer clear of her. Any person who plays that many sports, all the while maintaining nearly perfect grades and becoming a teacher's pet, is not Percy's kind of person. Consider him thoroughly intimidated by Annabeth Chase and all of her achievements—regardless of her winsome, almost princess-like curls and pretty pink lips. Percy will unashamedly declare that he's terrified she'll kick his ass. The plan of steering clear doesn't go too well, not after Coach decides to send his class out to the track for the day—Percy's first day, at that, and it might just be the hottest it's been all year—and Annabeth Chase immediately pins herself to his side. He figures she'll start spouting off something about how this is her school and he better not threaten her superiority, but instead, Annabeth Chase hardly looks at him before she says, "Let's race. One lap." He barely has time to register what she said before the blonde is jogging ahead, clearly not sticking around to hear the polite refusal that was on the tip of his tongue. Percy wonders what possessed Coach's apparent best student that led her to believe he's in a racing mood when he's most definitely sulking silently. It's his first day at a new school—a day which started with math, continued with English, and led to dressing out in gym. He contemplates whether or not the raincloud over his head isn't visible enough. Maybe he should make the lightning a little more dramatic. Apparently not one for unfair competitions, Annabeth Chase waits for him to jog up beside her before she really starts running. Percy, sensing that he doesn't have much of a choice in the matter, runs after her with nothing more than a defeated sigh. He does try his hardest to hold his own—or, at the very least, stay no more than five paces behind her—but it appears Annabeth Chase is about one step down from a machine . He's far from shocked when she completes the lap a solid ten seconds before he does; running in a what seems to be an effortless manner. It's his first day of school, again, he's wearing half of the required uniform due to a lack of leftover medium-sized shirts, and he's sticking out like a sore thumb. He thinks he deserves some sympathy for losing, at the very least. She walks, like their gym coach recommended they should upon sending them out to the track on his first day at a new school (did he mention?). Percy can already tell he'll hate this class, but he kept that to himself since the coach was a fair size bigger than him and he wasn't much into feeling his wrath for the rest of the school year. Percy keeps pace beside her at last, pushes his hair out of his face, and bites the inside of his cheek while hoping they aren't half as flushed as they feel. He'll admit it—he's a little embarrassed that she beat him without hardly blinking an eye. Before he can ask her why she felt the need to challenge him in the first place, she clears her throat. "I'm Annabeth Chase." "I know," Percy replies, because he does. Coach had boasted about Annabeth Chase for what felt like hours when he first entered through the dull, grey double doors. "You're new," she says, apparently trying a different approach. "And a runner." Annabeth Chase tips her head at his t-shirt now, the one he'd chosen to wear last night—surprisingly finding some comfort in the logo of his old school, even if he went there for not even a full semester. Everyone else is dressed in a light grey, and Percy's wearing the obnoxiously green shirt he got for being on track team. It was a brief achievement, since he'd moved schools before even the first meet, but they'd given him the shirt on his last day; something to remember his acquaintances by, apparently. It was a nice thought. So, sure, he's done a bit of track and field. He was often called the best runner on the team at the school before the last (a fact which may or may not have been true) and could typically fare pretty well when he experimented with pole vaulting, but he's not so sure that means anything at a new school. "A little," he returns, trying to maintain a bit of his modesty. Annabeth Chase beat him without hardly breaking a sweat, so Percy doesn't think he has a right to brag on past accomplishments. "Here and there. It was more for fun than for competition." "And yet you raced me," Annabeth Chase muses, circling her left wrist idly. Percy notices a beaded bracelet, but he can't read whatever letters are on it, not without gripping her wrist and holding it still for a few long seconds. He decides they probably don't know each other well enough for that. "But no competition?" "You sound disappointed," Percy comments, wondering if she would wait for him if he bent down to tie his shoe. He decides to test his luck, and, to his amazement, the girl pauses a few steps ahead as he kneels down. "We need more runners. Half of our track team are freshmen this year, and it'll be hard to whip them into shape by the time our first track meet rolls around," Annabeth Chase admits, though she doesn't sound sheepish about it. "We could use more people with natural talent." Percy thinks about early morning runs and practices even on rainy days, a very precise diet and more than enough sweat and tears. He's not so sure the talent he possesses is natural. "I'm not very impressive. I don't think I'd help all that much... Besides, I'm sure you'll pull through," he says, a little uncomfortably. Annabeth Chase seems nice, and Percy's always delighted to meet a fellow runner, someone who gets it, but he's just moved to a new school mid-semester. He's not so sure he'll be able to catch up in his classes, much less have time for practices on the side. Annabeth Chase hides her disappointment well, if she feels it at all. "Thanks," she says, giving him a thoughtful once-over. "And keep your head up when you're running; staring at your feet never made anyone run faster." Percy's fairly sure that he didn't ask for advice, but he's also pretty sure Annabeth Chase is the type to give it regardless. He's learned about forms and how to perfect his own; he knows he's supposed to look forward naturally, not down or around or anywhere else. It's almost like Annabeth Chase assumes he's undereducated. Irritation itches beneath his skin; red-hot and angry and unforgiving. He's had enough belittlement to last him a lifetime, and that was before Annabeth Chase ever glanced his way. Percy decides to let it go. There's not much use in making enemies on his first day, anyways, and maybe if he's nice enough to her she'll put him on her team if they ever do basketball tournaments in class. It always sucks to be picked last. "Thanks. I'll remember that." She nods, offers a tight-lipped smile. "See you around." She jogs up ahead of him, and Percy has to admit that her form is nothing short of flawless, even while idly jogging. His head hurts a little at the thought of all the math homework he has to do tonight, but for now, he decides to pick up the pace a little and place his focus elsewhere. ;; It might be his imagination, but Percy's almost positive Annabeth Chase is following him over the next few weeks. He sees her what feels like everywhere—outside his English class as he's leaving, a few paces behind him as he heads down the hall to his locker, sitting on the school steps while he walks up. The last one might be more coincidental, but Percy's point stands. He has a feeling Annabeth's scouting him, even after his firm rejection. She doesn't ask him again, but she does give him little looks and smiles; subtle greetings when she passes by him in the hallway, like she's trying to get on his good side so that he'll agree to joining track team. If he has to be honest, Percy doesn't say no often—doesn't typically enjoy disappointing people with his negative answers—but when he does get the guts, his no's are firm and immutable. He wonders how long it'll take Annabeth Chase to see that he doesn't plan on changing his mind. The Saturday after his third week at Glennwood High, Percy decides to go for a jog, just to relieve some of the stress he's pinned under