Summary: Percy's going to propose. He swears. AU. Disclaimer: I don't own the Percy Jackson and the Olympians series, the Heroes of Olympus series, nor any characters I borrow from either. I also don't own any companies or franchises I mention, clearly. Warnings: A few mild references to sexual activity and a lot ( a lot ) of loved-up P/A. Author's Note: this came out of nowhere! it's established relationship fluff, essentially, i love percy, my beta, lunaparr on tumblr, deserves every good thing in the world, title from happy together by the turtles, you know the drill. i hope you enjoy this! ;;; Percy's going to propose. He swears. It's just—it's time , and Percy knows there's no way she won't say yes. It's for that reason he wants to make it big; something important and unforgettable, something meaningful and planned out, something she wouldn't expect from him in a million years. The truth is, everyone knows he's going to propose. Even Annabeth knows, he's sure. He knows what the answer will be— everyone knows the answer, and they're all waiting with bated breath for Percy to pop the question. He can see himself slipping a ring on Annabeth's finger; can feel the way her lips'll press firmly against his after she says yes. It's all a matter of how he'll get to that point. He likes to imagine what their life'll be like after. Percy likes to imagine Annabeth batting his hands away when he tries to carry her through their door, bridal style. He likes to wonder about what their kids will look like—mini-Annabeth's, he hopes, since one Percy is more than enough for him. He envisions himself introducing her as his wife, taking a picture of their daughter resting peacefully against Annabeth's chest, swinging Annabeth's hand while they make their way down grocery aisles, discussing what they need to buy for the kids. Percy has the clearest image of how great their lives will be. But, first, he should probably buy the ring. ;; The first thing Percy tries is the classic, timeless ring-in-wine-glass proposal. He's dressed to the nines, waiting outside Annabeth's office with one of her favorite dresses in a garment bag draped over his arm. She'll scold him for wrinkling it, Percy knows, but she'll probably smile, too. Tonight's the night , Percy thinks. Annabeth will be his fiance by the time they're stumbling through their front door, drunk off love and each other's presence. Annabeth finally pushes the glass door open, and Percy's smile is blinding. ;; They've known each other for what feels like forever. Percy met Annabeth at the sandbox in the first grade, where she didn't hesitate to enlist him in building the perfect sandcastle. That didn't go well for several reasons, the first of which being the artificial sand that refused to make a sturdy wall for their fortress. Annabeth huffed in annoyance after her third try, narrowed her eyes at the pale sand, and walked away without another word. Percy didn't talk to Annabeth again until the sixth grade, where they were announced as partners for the annual science fair. Turns out, Annabeth's pretty good at science, and also pretty in general. They were fast friends. He knows how rare it is to marry someone you've known since elementary school; knows that most people get out in the world and find something better, but Percy doesn't think there's anyone better than Annabeth. He would have stayed in that sandbox all day, uselessly trying to form the walls of that castle if it was what she wanted. ;; "I'll take... This lobster thing," Percy decides, far less eloquent than he had hoped to be. He glances at Annabeth with a small smile, nervous and excited for what'll happen next. The box suddenly feels heavy on his thigh, despite the fact that it's surely less than a pound. Idly resting his hand atop perhaps the most important thing he's purchased, ever, he addresses the waiter. "And please tell Jason we want wine. I can't remember what kind I like." Flimsy lie, Percy knows, and Annabeth opens her mouth to probably tell him what kind is his favorite, but he speaks before she can get a word in edgewise. "Right. And breadsticks?" "Of course, sir," his server says with a kind smile. Percy returns it briefly before turning his attention back to Annabeth. "How was work?" Percy listens to Annabeth answer—complaining about her incompetent co-workers as per usual—and hums along at just the right moments. He keeps his eyes just over her shoulder, looking for a blonde head of hair that'll be delivering Annabeth and Percy's wine—already informed of the diversion he'll have to create while Percy seamlessly places the ring at the bottom of her glass. "It's just ridiculous," she continues, sipping on the complementary water, running her hands through her hair like she does when she's frustrated. Sometimes, on particularly bad days, she'll let Percy do the honors—and he'll spend hours working the knots out of her curls while they watch re-runs. Some of the best moments of his life happen within those hours. "I don't understand what's so difficult about creating a website that lives up to Salinger's standards. We all took the course on website building." "Yeah, you all took it," Percy agrees, finally spotting Jason exiting the kitchen with a bottle of wine and two glasses in hand. A flurry of anxiety spins in his stomach before creeping up into his chest, and judging by the way it flutters and lingers, he's guessing those nerves are here to stay. He places a hand over his sternum and rubs lightly, giving the go-ahead nod when Jason raises his eyebrows to ask if the plan's still on. "But no one paid attention like you did, I'll bet. You should just tell your co-worker to get you some coffee and build it yourself, you know." Annabeth gives him a little smile—one he only gets to see every so often; the one that says 'you know me better than anyone, and I'm glad it's you.' "Already did," she says, proudly. "Salinger's very pleased with the result." Percy grins broadly at his girlfriend. "Of course he is." He smiles to himself when Annabeth presses her high heels against his black dress shoes. Percy's confident she'll say yes before he even even gets the question out, but she still has the power to make him nervous beyond belief—regardless of countless years spent in each other's pockets. One would think that, at some point, Percy would develop an immunity to all things Annabeth. "Hi there, you two," Jason greets, friendly as ever. He sets a glass in front of Percy, and one in front of Annabeth. There's a tea towel draped over his arm, the one he's supposed to drop, and the one Annabeth's supposed to spend a few seconds picking up while Percy places the ring at the bottom of her glass. It'll be perfect. "Wine?" "None for me," Annabeth declines, making a little face like she regrets saying it. Percy blinks at her. "I still have some work to do tonight, and I won't get anything done at all if I drink any of that." She laughs a little, drawing some shape in the condensation of her glass of water, and Percy's world crashes in on itself. "No wine?" he asks, trying to sound casual and questioning, but falling more in the range of anxious and panicking. His eyes flicker to Jason's, but his blonde friend fish mouths unhelpfully. This wasn't in the plan; he hadn't even considered the possibility of Annabeth not drinking wine . How hadn't he taken that into consideration? She reaches across the counter and grabs onto his hand, achingly domestic, which is kind of the goal, here. He wants to take on the world with her, even if it entails creating sandcastles from impossible sand. "Maybe some other time. I can still have a happy anniversary without alcohol." Percy's mouth opens a little, ready to tell her that if she gets wine, the anniversary will be a hell of a lot better, but he feels like there's a reason Annabeth's requested no wine. Maybe a warning from some divine force, telling him that it's not quite time. Percy considers trying to convince her to have at least a glass, but if there's one thing he's learned, it's that Annabeth doesn't often change her mind. "Right," he says, disconcerted. He gestures for Jason to pour him some wine, motioning again when his friend stops pouring when the glass is half-full, only stopping the blonde when the red liquid's brushing the lip of the curved glass. He ends up asking Jason to just leave the bottle with him, and finishes it off on his own. The ring weighs heavy in his pocket, but Percy's eyelids are heavier when Annabeth herds him into her car after dinner. ;; Annabeth kissed Percy for the first time in the seventh grade. Percy still declares it was the best day of his life, finding out that his best friend felt something for him beyond the realm of platonic admiration. It was at the end of the school year. They were lingering by the front gate, both waiting for their parents to pick them up, and Percy decided he should tell Annabeth about something his mom had mentioned the night before. "Moving?" Annabeth asked, brow dipping in confusion. "You're joking." Percy told her that he wasn't kidding in the slightest, despite his typically light-hearted nature, and she proceeded to punch his arm and say one of the most heart-breaking things Percy's ever heard, to this day. "You can't leave," Annabeth said, dangerously calm, "I need you." Before Percy could even muster up a reply to such a candid statement, Annabeth's phone was ringing in her hand, her father announcing that he had arrived to take her home. She stared at Percy for a moment after ending the brief conversation with her dad, leaned forward and kissed him simply, then walked out the front gates without another word. When Percy showed up to their shared homeroom on the first day of eighth grade year, his mom having changed her mind about relocating, the blonde seemed to have no recollection on the kiss. Percy tried to act like it didn't happen, too, but that didn't stop him from blushing every time Annabeth leaned an inch closer to him. She kissed him again on field day after their team wins. They also got sent to the principal's office for a violation of the code of student conduct, but Annabeth talked them out of it smoothly while Percy wondered when—if at all—he'd get to kiss her again. ;; Percy's next idea is the one. For sure. He plans a week ahead, calling Annabeth's highly intimidating boss and begging the man to give his future-wife a day off. Mr. Salinger allegedly shows no mercy, so long as proposals aren't involved. The man's rigid policy towards missing work is tossed aside the moment Percy lets it slip that he's trying to propose. He ends the call with a plan set in stone, and a very emphatic wish of good luck from Annabeth's boss. He starts out slow. Monday, he drops a hint about a weekend vacation, just to unwind. Tuesday he references a memory they had at his mom's beach house. Wednesday, he asks her if she'd be adverse to a beach trip, and Annabeth elbows his stomach gently and tells him to stop tempting her with things she can't have. Thursday, Percy wakes her up with a kiss on the cheek, humming "Wouldn't It Be Nice" by The Beach Boys. He was never a master at subtlety. He checks on the ring twice a day at minimum—stashing it in the far corner of their sock drawer, inside of the ugliest pair of socks he owns. Annabeth hates them passionately, cringes every time she sees them, and it's