Summary: They run into each other at the county fair, and it's been a while. This is a story about coming to terms with the end of senior year, rekindling old friendships through study sessions, getting philosophical on Ferris wheels, and falling in love of the midst of it all. AU. Disclaimer: I don't own the Percy Jackson and the Olympians series, the Heroes of Olympus series, or any characters I've adopted from there. I also don't own Oreos, a potential pub called Expo or a sweet shop called Rosie's that might exist unbeknownst to me. Warnings: one brief drug mention (marijuana, if you're curious, and it's entirely off screen), talk of cigarettes/alcohol, cursing here and there. I think that's it, but let me know if I missed anything so I can add it to this list. Author's Note: I struggled a lot with this one. It's very long, very ridiculous, and hopefully worth your time. I hope anyone reading has a nice night; let me know if I can do anything for you. My tumblr is maydayparade8123 if that interests you. The title belongs to Lifehouse; they have a song of the same title and it's very lovely, although it doesn't have much to do with this story. ;;; It was Leo's idea to go to the fair, and with much credit all of his spastic and vociferous pleading, he managed to annoy everyone else into agreeing to tag along. Percy's mostly going because Axe is going, and Axe is mostly going because Kay said she might make an appearance. Typical , Percy thinks, watching his best friend glance around in what he believes to be a casual way. It's not that Percy hates fairs—he loves them, really; loves the bright lights and the laughter that seems to push at his ears from all sides. It's a happy place, or at least somewhere people go to be happy, and it's the kind of atmosphere Percy would stay in forever if he could. There's few things Percy loves more than happy people, and the variety of fried food at his disposal is nothing if not a plus. Never let it be said that Percy doesn't like the way fairs make him feel. But let it be known far and wide that he won't touch those rides that shoot up a million feet in the air, nor will he mess with the ones that spin in circles so quickly, he feels sick just looking at them. Percy and the guys lap the fairgrounds twice before they decide to start out easy with the Pharaoh ride. Percy doesn't like that one—doesn't like the sensation of flying anymore than actually flying—so he decides to stand near the exit holding two big jackets and one watered down Mountain Dew. He almost regrets coming. He's never been a huge fan of fair rides save the Ferris wheel and Tilt-A-Whirl, but it's better than spending his Friday night doing the homework due Monday, he guesses. The guys get off the ride, all of their hair sticking up in a few different directions. Axe ruffles Percy's hair up for good measure, and they all dash off to the Ring of Fire. Percy stares up at it, contemplating; it would be totally safe to drape all of their belongings over the fence surrounding the ride, of course, so there doesn't have to be a man left behind every time they ride something. Not to mention the fact that Percy bought the unlimited riding wristband alongside everyone else, even if most of the rides are far too dangerous for his taste. "You coming?" Axe questions, a few steps away. Percy opens his mouth and closes it, and even though he doesn't say anything, his best friend still understands somehow. "Hey, if you're not up to it, it's fine. I know you get a little... you know." Percy, predictably, feels like a loser—like the one teenager in all of the park who doesn't want to do something reckless; who doesn't like the way wind feels on his face. "I think I'll go get something to eat. Meet you guys after?" Axe smiles kindly and pats him on the shoulder. "Of course. I'll make sure we ride the Ferris wheel before the night's over, too. I know you like that the most." Percy gives a short nod, seeing a few more people saunter up to the Ring of Fire. "You better hurry before all the seats are filled." It takes him a while to find a place that has any hot chocolate left, since it's past eleven and most families have already come and gone after consuming the majority of the fair's supply of warm drinks. It's not much, just chocolate mix poured into some hot water, and the marshmallows have already melted into little white dots of foam, but it cheers Percy up anyways. After all, he's drinking hot chocolate while all of his friends are upside down on a death trap of a ride. Someone bumps into him from behind, and Percy hears a chorus of laughter before he turns. His hand hurts a little, since some hot chocolate spilled upon the collision, but it's not something he can't handle. "Sorry," the girl says, her head turned away from him. Her presence feels familiar—like maybe he's been around her before, or heard her voice or her laugh. "My friends are a little... pushy ." Percy smiles at what might or might not have been a pun. "It's fine," he answers, taking a sip of his hot chocolate. It's still boiling hot. The girl turns away from her friends and looks at him, finally, and Percy nearly spits. "Oh, Percy," she says, pleasantly surprised. "Haven't seen you for a while, partner." Percy's chest hurts a little, and he's not sure if it's from the scalding hot chocolate or the blonde in front of him. "Yeah, it's been a while since—" "Since chemistry, sophomore year," Annabeth interrupts, and Percy nods. "Yeah, that was a fun class. I always liked chemistry." He must make a face, because Annabeth laughs at him, pretty pink lips parting to show white teeth. Percy is momentarily entranced. "I can't remember you liking it half as much as I did." "Was a little miserable," Percy admits, though it's an understatement. He'd been awful at chemistry, barely scraping by with Ds. The only good thing about the class had been Annabeth—smart, wonderful Annabeth who'd helped him through the vast majority of the worksheets that might as well have been in another language, for all of Percy's understanding of the subject. "Well, at least you passed, so it's over and done with now," she mentions, small smile still tugging at her lips. Percy watches as she zips up her jacket, finding himself conscious of the fact that he left his in his car. He kind of wishes he didn't, just so he could have something to tuck his face into, or at the very least serve as a distraction. "Guess I have you to thank for that," he replies, smiling tightly back when Annabeth beams. He's seen her almost every day at school for the past five years, and the only time he's ever talked to her is when they were chem lab partners for what might have been the best 9 weeks of his life. There had been the occasional hello when they ran into each other during assemblies since, but other than that, Percy hadn't gathered the guts to make it abundantly clear to Annabeth that he wants to be her friend. (And he does want to be her friend—Annabeth's a good ally to have, for one, and he also feels both smarter and less intelligent just by standing near her. She gives him good vibes. Percy's always loved people like that.) It looks like Annabeth's about to say something, and Percy's prepared to hang onto every word she breathes, but one of her friends clears their throat without a hint of subtlety. "Oh, right," Annabeth says, like she can't believe herself for being so rude. "This is Percy, guys. And that's Piper, Reyna, Hazel, and—" "Kay," Percy says with a knowing smile. "Axe is looking for you." "Of course he is," one of the girls says, but Percy isn't sure who. Kay blushes a little, tucking a chunk of her short, dark hair behind her ear. "I was actually about to go find them, if you want to come with?" Percy was mostly directing the question towards Kay, but all of the girls take it as an invitation. They begin to walk; Annabeth stays closer to him while the other girls drag a little behind them. "So..." Annabeth clears her throat, and Percy wishes he would have paid attention during his mom's silly romantic comedies on movie night. Maybe then he'd know how to talk to a girl. "Having fun?" Percy nods immediately, swirling his hot chocolate and carefully stepping over a bundle of thick cords stretching across the walkway. There's a lot of things Percy wants to do in front of Annabeth, but most of them involve impressing her and not tripping face-first into the cold, wet grass. "Yeah, I guess. You?" She shrugs, and her elbow hits his. Percy tries his best not to grin at that, but he's never been one for success. "I'm not a huge fan of fairs, personally, but I was physically dragged from my home tonight by them." She tips her head back, gesturing to her friends, and Percy smiles a little. "What?" "Nothing, nothing," Percy says, raising his eyebrows at her. "Just—no parties to attend? Dates to run off on? Family dinners to sit through?" "That was sophomore year," Annabeth says on a sigh. It sounds mostly relieved, but maybe a little wistful, too."I'm a little more boring now. I read a lot." "That's—" Percy searches for a word. "Um, that's good. Reading is good for you." Annabeth sends him an amused look. "Do you read, Percy?" He knows she's teasing him, and he can feel his cheeks heating up. "A—sometimes. A little." "What's your favorite book?" "I—" Percy wishes he had a title in his mind—something impressive, something that would make Annabeth look at him like she's surprised, but happy he said something. "Um, The Edge of Us ?" Annabeth raises an eyebrow, directly translating to an unspoken are you messing with me ? Percy keeps a straight face. "By whom?" "Sally... Jackson," Percy says, admitting defeat. Annabeth snorts, her eyes closing briefly as she laughs at him. "Your mother's book? Really ?" "Well, I didn't have a proper answer!" Percy says, laughing with her. "I figured I could at least promo my mom when I had the chance." "Unbelievable," Annabeth says, pressing her lips together to keep from smiling, and holding his gaze. Percy breaks it first, idly scratching his chest and staring down at his toes. Annabeth's no less blinding than she was two years ago. "There you are, Percy," Axe says appearing on Percy's other side. He leans past him, waving at Annabeth. "Hey, you. Doing alright?" Annabeth nods, bangs falling to cover her eyes. She shoves them out of the way with a hint of frustration, and Percy has a feeling he's not supposed to find that somewhat cute. "And you? I heard you were looking for a certain someone." "I absolutely was not," Axe says, though not without a less than amicable clap on Percy's back. Percy smiles serenely at his best friend, nodding to Kay as if to say, go get 'em, Tiger . "I'll talk to you two later." He goes to Kay, after that, and Percy and Annabeth share a smug smile. They always were a good team, even back in their chemistry lab days. "They're going to date, aren't they?" Percy questions quietly, watching Axe shrug off his jacket for Kay as she rubs her arms to warm herself up. "Of course they are," Annabeth says, a little