A/N: So a couple of months ago my beta-reader reminded me of a four year old PJO idea that's sitting in my computer unfinished and since then I realized it's still a great idea I decided to torture myself and revive it. I still have its notes and everything so I'm not completely lost. It's supposed to have nine chapters, tried to see if I could fit all the story into one, but I'm trimming it down to three chapters since it's too long to be a one-shot. This isn't revised by my beta-reader, I think I'm going to give her some rest for now. There's bound to have plenty of mistakes below that my inner editor didn't spot, so sorry about that! PERCY JACKSON AND THE CHESS MASTER I. This was how the first dream started: I was running across an endless room, with one thing in my mind; out there in the darkness I had to meet someone. I had to fight them. It continued on for a couple of days. The dreams consisted of me running and running, footsteps echoing against black and white marble tiles, armed with a purpose but without a destination. The sounds I made were deafening. Gradually, I learned the reason why I had to keep moving. I was being chased by moving, white chess pieces. Crazy, I know. Probably funny in different circumstances. But when I came across them in my dreams, it would always scare the shit out of me. They'd surround me, crush me against each other, and I'd barely escape only to be to be found under their feet. In the following nights, black pieces started to appear, and they defended me, saved me numerous times from the evil white knights. My breath and my steps weren't the only things that made noise anymore. I couldn't see anything beyond twenty feet, but I heard stone crumbling, blood spilling on the ground, all audible to my ears, like knives cutting through the air and it hurt. There was a way to stop all of this, and that was to find the enemy, the one who started all of this. As the dreams get darker and more violent, I was getting closer to them. One week , said the voice in my dreams. One week, Percy Jackson. That is all it takes. The morning was windy. Gray clouds covered the sky, although sunshine past through the gaps between and splashed over the camp grounds. Weird weather for a summer day, but everyone in Camp Half-Blood welcomed it. I took Blackjack out from the stables so we could fly around. The breeze was nice. I needed to get my mind off the dreams. I wanted to escape them even for a moment. These weren't my usual prophetic or symbolic dreams. It was occurring too many times for me to be comfortable with. They changed, little by little, and they became too terrifying for me to handle, to take in. I knew I have to face them in the future, I just didn't want to be in that zone right now. Thunder rolled above us. I shouldn't be flying. Regardless of what I had done for the gods, Zeus could easily strike me down. Ahh, Poseidon, I accidentally shot your only living demigod son. Sorry, my bad. Maybe if I die right now I could escape all my responsibilities, the Great Prophecy. But I didn't want that to happen. There was no one else who was going to do this but me. I had accepted that a long time ago. Below me, Annabeth was calling for my attention by waving her arms and shouting my name. I urged Blackjack to go down and we swooped around in circles, gaining momentum so we could have a gentle landing. We stopped a few feet away from her. My pegasus retracted his wings and I dismounted. From the pockets of my coat, I took out some sugar cubes and fed them to him. Annabeth approached us. She hid her arms inside her jacket. She asked me, "Are you okay?" I nodded. She was the only one who knew about my dreams. She knew I was bothered about them. But she wasn't looking so good, either. The color was drained from her face. She looked defeated. I placed my hands on her arms. "Are you okay?" She faintly smiled and touched the back of my hand. Her fingers were cold. "I'll be alright. Chiron's calling for all cabin counselors for a meeting in the Big House. We've...we've got some news for everyone." "Okay," I simply said. I led Blackjack to the pegasi stables and gave him the last of the sugar cubes I had with me. Annabeth brushed his mane quietly. Her gaze was far away from where she stood. When I got out of the stable, she wasn't moving from her spot. She stared down at her feet. I wanted to know what was bothering her, but I didn't know if it was the right time to ask. Even though we were close at that time, she was not exactly an open book, even to me. "Annabeth," I called her. She looked up to me. "Come on. I don't want you to catch a cold." Her smile was a bit wider than before. "Don't worry, Percy. I'll catch up. You go on ahead. Okay? I'm fine." I lingered for a moment before heading off, leaving her by herself. At the porch of the Big House the cabin counselors leaned on the wooden banisters looking up to the gray weather. Their faces reflected Annabeth's expression from just a while ago. They already knew the news I could tell, and I was probably the only one left who didn't know. Mr. D and a couple of satyrs gathered around the table playing cards. It was nice to see a tabletop game that wasn't chess. But if my dreams morphed from chess to cards, I was really going to strangle someone. "Percy," Travis Stoll said to me. "Have you heard?" "Sorry, I haven't heard anything," I said. What's going on?" Just as he was about to explain, Chiron opened the door to the Big House. He sat on his wheelchair, with a blanket hiding his legs. He beckoned us inside, leaving Mr. D with his game. I looked back, and saw Annabeth heading towards this way. I lagged behind and waited for her. We smiled to each other before joining the others around the ping pong table. Chiron pushed himself to the head of the table. He pressed two fingers at the side of his head and sighed deeply. "It has come to everyone's attention," he started. "That two of our campers have gone missing. Clarisse La Rue of the Ares cabin, and Charles Beckendorf of the Hephaestus cabin." Everyone sat quietly. I was the only one with some form of reaction. "Where do you think they are?" "That's the thing we're trying to figure out," Travis said to me. "Everyone has searched Camp Half Blood from top to bottom, and they've spreaded out again to see if they haven't miss them, if they're still here." "We've checked everywhere and asked everyone close to them if they have any clue to where they are," Michael Yew said. "There were no hints or notes that they were going out somewhere. They're already gone from their beds before everyone else woke up. Do you think they've gone to a quest by their own, Chiron?" "Unlikely. But I'd like to keep that possibility aside." Chiron gave me a side glance. "I don't think there's anything significant to commence a quest on their own. At least, anything that might catch our attention, if it's related to a certain group of people and deities." He was quiet for a minute. "I want for us to look beyond Camp Half-Blood. See if they left any traces as to where they have gone, if there is any." "If we're going to find them outside, please let me go," Silena Beauregard said, standing up on her seat. I didn't notice that she was in the room until she spoke. I mean, I knew she was there, always have whenever a meeting was held. Her voice was quivering, but I also felt strength resonating from her. It just struck to me that she was close with both Beckendorf and Clarisse, so I understood why she was affected. "If there's a quest to find them, please let me lead it." She and Chiron stared at each other for a moment, before the latter sighed. "Please give me a day to think about it. In the meantime, we all need to be cautious. All of you, never be by yourself. Tell the rest to report any unusual activities to you or to me." After discussing about camp securities we were dismissed, but Silena and Annabeth stayed behind. Tyson spoke to me in a quiet voice. Not a whisper, but it was the quietest I had heard from him ever. "It's going to be alright." I opened my eyes to the view of the empty volleyball courts, the sunset, and a concerned Cyclops holding a basket of muffins. "What's wrong, buddy?" I asked. I scooted on the bench to give him some butt space. He sat besides me and offered me the contents of the basket. I picked out a muffin and examined it, try to figure out what kind it was, what flavor it was. "Why would you say that?" "You're worried," he said to me. "Whatever problem you're thinking, it's going to be alright." I smiled widely and lightly punched his arm. "Thanks for checking up on me." I munched on the muffin. Blueberry. "This is really good. You made this?" He nodded enthusiastically, told me how he wanted to take a break from camp activities and the kind girls over at the Demeter cabin invited him for baking. He went about how his day went. We watched the sunset before going to dinner together. I felt the tension floating in the dining pavilion. Everyone made it seemed like everything was okay. Sure, there was the war against the Titan Lord Kronos looming towards us like dark clouds in the sky; that was never out of the discussion. But the whole camp spoke to each other, whispering about Clarisse and Beckendorf. My ears popped open and caught every conversation that involved those two names. It wasn't the first time that I wasn't the center of everyone's attention. I hated to say this, but I felt like the burden on my shoulders were lighter, even for a minute. Grover was looking at me across the pavilion. He sat with Chiron and the other satyrs in their own tables. I looked back at him and gave him a reassuring smile. He smiled back, but he didn't look convinced that I was doing okay. Me and my brother went back to our cabin and got ourselves ready for bed. I laid down, staring at the ceiling, restless for hours. Tired, but wide awake. Grover, I called out to him with the empathy link we have. You awake? You got a minute? I'm here, buddy. I heard him. What's the matter? I need to get something out of my chest. Grover and I never really used the empathy link for anything other than checking each other if one of us was still alive. If there was something I wanted to talk about with him, I wanted to do it personally, face-to-face. Although, something about the way I was reaching to him right now, lying down in bed and talking to him like I had a phone in my hand, felt more personal. You might be in for a long night if you're willing to listen to me. It sounds serious though. What do you want to talk about? My dreams. Tyson was snoring at the bed next to me. Sometimes I wanted to