A/N: This fanfic is supposed to be a one-shot, for a contest, but, ahh, I guess the story is too long, so I split it to four parts. I hope the pacing of this story is not too slow for all of you. But what the heck, you probably will lose interest in this story by the second scene. A PJOFFW Contest: March 2013 entry. Theme: Alone. Semi-ORPG fic. Thanks to Hazelle More for being my second pair of eyes in the proofreading of this fic, in my time of despair. She's the best. This chapter is dedicated to my newborn premature little sister, who finally came home, and currently sleeps on my bed. (Until we get her a crib, I am exiled to sleep in the makeshift bed on the floor.) The Man Who Breathes Fire I. UNFAMILIAR FAMILIAR TERRITORY - October 2023 - It was a quiet Halloween in Palewell Street, a new neighborhood that had been renovated from an old abandoned commercial district. It was also a sunny late afternoon, which was a good time to start trick-or-treating, but there were no kids around. A few of the houses were still empty, with House for SALE signs on their front lawns. Two kids were running in the middle of the small road, a brother and a sister, their laughs filling the whole silent street. They carried with them a small white box each. Cakes. There were new residents in the neighborhood, and the children's family wanted to welcome them. They had just bought the cakes from the neighborhood's only surviving bakeshop. It was owned by a stout man with plump red face and a funny nose, but he always had a smile in his face. The boy was grinning to his sister when he noticed me on the porch of a one-storey house. He looked at me curiously. Then he tapped on his sister's shoulder and pointed at me with his lips. I just looked at them. I was a new neighbor as well, just moved in today. I smiled and waved to them. They smiled back and, because of the cakes in their hands, they nodded to me instead of waving, and continued walking toward their destination. I thought about them telling their parents about me, and then throw a party here in this place. I looked inside my new house. It was still completely empty, no furniture or appliances. There was a worn mattress fit for two people that I found in the basement (how a worn mattress happened in a newly built house, I was yet to find out). It was in the middle of what could have been the living room. My bag was on the top of the mattress. I didn't think that this place was fit for visitors right then. Moving inside, I took out my few clothes, placed them besides the bed, on the floor. My tool belt sat on the edge of the dirty mattress. There were a few other curiosities in the bag, but I left them in there. There was nothing for me to do, so I went out for dinner. The nearby restaurants were almost full. I was lucky to be able to sneak into a seat. There were a lot of kids around me, all wearing costumes and holding up their bags full of candy to their parents. I saw that the restaurant was having some Halloween dishes in their menu for the occasion. On my table was a Halloween party hat. Well, there was nothing bad on wearing it, so why not? I took it and placed it on my head, be like one of the crowd for a change. I looked back, thought about my new neighborhood. Palewell Street didn't have plenty of kids running around Trick-or-Treating. Was it a private neighborhood? It was too quiet for me, to be honest. But maybe quiet was what I needed right now. I watched the kids grinning to their parents. The adults made jokes and patted their kids' heads. It was noisy around me. I ate in silence. After dinner, I walked back to my new home, but when I arrived at the street, I saw that the neighborhood was dark. So dark, I could barely see anything at all when I turned to the corner. The streetlamps were out, no lights in any house, and it was eerily quiet. I walked cautiously in the middle of the road. Maybe there was a blackout. I was tempted on summoning a small fire for some light, but I fought it for now. A cold wind blew passed me. I suddenly felt a presence. Someone with negative air. The hairs on the back of my neck stood. "Who's there?" I said. This time I did summon my fire. It was small in my palm, but it was enough for me to see a few yards around me. No one answered. I kept moving slowly. I wished I brought my tool belt with me. Or a small weapon. Like a knife. No one answered. But I heard a coin being tossed in the air, and it landed on the ground. Cling! I walked to the direction of the sound and searched the ground. I had to glance up a lot in case this was a distraction. I found the coin. It was big than most of the coins that was commonly seen around here. I knelt down. A drachma. I reached out for it, but I held my hand back. I quickly looked around. Someone was following me. "Hey! Show yourself!" I almost shouted. I waited for gods knew how long. The presence was gone. The lights of the neighborhood were suddenly up. It almost blinded me, my eyes trying to adjust. There was some activity inside of the houses. I quickly extinguished my fire by shaking my hand rapidly. I wanted to leave the drachma on the ground, but I picked it up and put in my pocket. I quickly went to my house and locked the door behind me. I didn't open the lights, but I opened the windows, let the lights from outside come in. I took out the coin again and examined it. There was nothing dangerous. But it couldn't have just appeared out of nowhere. I considered using the drachma. Call someone. Call my friends. Call home. I closed my fingers on the coin instead, and made my way to bed. I stared at the ceiling for a long time, clutching the drachma to my chest. A lot of times I wanted to get up and go to the bathroom to Iris-message home. A few times I was unnerved that someone stalked me all the way here just to bring this coin. I cheered myself up by making jokes about it. But nobody here would probably get the punchline if I told the joke to them. Not my mortal neighbors. I was alone here. I closed my eyes. - November 2023 - Old Palewell Street wasn't exactly abandoned before it was renovated into a family-friendly neighborhood. I went to the local bakeshop the next morning, learned that Mr. Santiago was one of the surviving residents of the old Palewell Street (once called Santa Anita St.), apparently, before everything else was demolished and replaced with new homes. His bakeshop stood out, which was the only gray building in the sea of colorful tall houses. How his building remained when everything else went away, I was going to ask in another day. "I'm planning on painting the whole place," he said to me, when I decided to stay for some chat. (Nothing bad on getting to know the neighbors, right?) "Beige looks good for the old thing, wouldn't it?" "I guess so," I said. I looked into my bag of delicacies I just brought from him. Some of them made my mouth water. I took something out and ate. "So you just came from Oakland?" Mr. Santiago asked. I nodded. "Aye, mate," I said, with my mouth partly full. "I move around a lot, but I came from California, although I was born and raised here in Texas." "A Texan? You?" Mr. Santiago brightened up. "Ah, of course, you are! Coming back to the old frontier, I see? A lot has changed, recently. A lot has been changing in small amounts of time." "Yeah, I don't recognize almost anything anymore." I rubbed my hands together to brush off the sugar. "But still the same sun." "The same sun." The baker nodded. He looked somewhere beyond me, with nostalgic eyes. I decided this was time I should leave him. I thanked him for the chat and the bread, turned around from the counter, and, came in front of a man around my age. His face was friendly, cheeks with dimples, and he had bright eyes. Two kids were behind him. The kids I saw yesterday. The man nodded to me, and made his way around me and greeted the baker rather cheerfully. His kids trailed behind him, smiling to me. I was almost, almost at the door, when the man called to me. "Hey there, new neighbor! Where you going?" Damn. So close. I turned and managed to grin at him. "Hey." The man moved towards to me with his paper bag of bread and his two kids. "My kids told me about you." (The children grinned at me apologetically.) He offered his hand in front of me. "I'm Charles, your friendly neighborhood doctor. These are my kids, Edeva and Robert." I took his hand and shook it. "Leo, your friendly neighborhood mechanic." Charles grinned at me. "You know, I like you already. I was sort of eavesdropping on your conversation with Mr. Santiago. How about we come over to your house for lunch later? We could invite the neighbors as well." This man was probably the friendliest person (or the most foolish person) I met in my entire life. I thought about my house, how there was literally almost nothing inside of it. Really not fit for people to party. "Ah, sorry, my house is not in shape right now." I smiled apologetically. "Still unpacking?" Charles said. "We could help you with that." I laughed. "No, I mean, there's barely anything in the house." "Well, have lunch with us then. We don't bite." Charles patted my shoulder. His hand was a bit heavy, so my shoulder almost dropped under his weight. And before I knew it, I was inside the Castel house, a two-storey beauty with very neat interior and structure. The house was located at the corner of the street, a long walk from my house. Charles introduced me to his wife, Mari, and she also had heard about me from their kids. She was pregnant, carrying an eight-month-old baby in her belly, and they were expecting the little kid to be born soon. She was busy preparing lunch, and I offered myself for any help, but the couple pushed me down in front of the living room TV with Edeva and Robert. The two kids were really focused on the movie they were watching. It was some sort of noir film, black and white, violins for background music. There were two people, a man and a woman, talking to each other. The words they used were rather deep. I looked down to the children. They didn't seem to look bored. Then the people on the TV leaned closer and kissed. The kids' eyes were still glued on the picture. Hmmm… "Yuck, they're kissing each other." I cringed. Their attention turned to me. "But kissing is not bad, right?" Edeva said. "Kissing is harmless." I wrinkled my nose. "Harmless? You'll get cooties!" "Cooties?" Robert said. "What are cooties?" "You don't want to know what cooties are," I said. But to be honest, I didn't know what it was, too, other than, yeah, some sort of childlore disease. "But they give you plenty of germs