Disclaimer: I don't own The Hunger Games I had this idea in the shower. I really ship hayffie, and I'm probably going to post more fanfiction. Anyway, I just feel like if Effie visited Haymitch post-mockingjay she would be pretty different. She showed up at his door one rainy day. He was confused when he opened the door and she was there, with only one bag in her hand. He had every right to be confused, because, after all it wasn't every day a beautiful woman showed up at your doorstep. She hadn't said a word when he opened the door, and neither had he. They both stood there, the beautiful woman in the rain and Haymitch in the safety of his own home. "Hello, Haymitch.. may I come in?" She finally spoke. "Effie?" She smiled warmly at him and nodded gently. In return he moved over, and let her in his house. He watched her as she looked around his house and tried her best not to act disgusted at the surroundings. It was charming, really, the way she would clear her throat whenever she came across a smell that particularly nasty. "You haven't changed a bit, Haymitch." She spoke. Her voice didn't sound disgusted or appalled, she sounded.. pleased. Haymitch was shocked at her tone, he would have thought she would come marching in and point out everything wrong with his humble abode. He also desperately wanted to remind her that it'd only been a year and three months since the last time she saw him, but then he remembered the last he saw her she hadn't been very conscious. "What are you-" "I wanted to get away for a little bit." She said quickly, "just for a bit." "And you were hoping you could stay here." He concluded. She nodded in response, he watched her slim fingers play around with the strap of her bag. Oddly enough, he noticed the bag. It had her name written on it in big pink letters.. Euphemia. He remembered it lying next to her bed; he remembered it from one of the rare times he had found himself in her room during the trip to the Capitol. "Why?" He asked. She looked up at him and bit her lip. "I just.. the Capitol.." She stammered, "it holds too many m-memories and I just.." "You can stay." Haymitch cut her off. "Thank you." Effie smiled. Haymitch nodded and watched as she set her bag on the end table. "Yeah, don't mention it." He muttered, walking away to find a bottle of alcohol. He knew what he was getting himself into when he heard her familiar humming as she made herself at home in the guest room, it was something she did when she was busy.. she hummed to herself. It felt familiar, and even though Haymitch would hate to admit it.. nice. Effie was different, and Haymitch found that out within a week of her staying with him. She wasn't the same woman he once knew; the woman who wouldn't take 'no' for an answer, or who would go to the ends of Panem to make something into a positive situation. She wasn't that person anymore. She seemed to throw her personality out with her make-up and wigs. She screamed at night. She didn't yell or cry out.. Effie screamed . The first time he heard her he thought maybe he was dreaming. Haymitch thought maybe he was hearing Maysilee Donner, or his girl's screams. He thought maybe it was Effie's screams, but he was dreaming. It was a common dream he had, after all; he had, on many occasions, relived the moment the peacekeepers carried her away. The screaming didn't stop, and that's when he realized that it was real. He jumped out of bed and ran down the hall, nearly toppling over as he turned into Effie's room. She was tangled in the sheets, or tiny fists gripping the blankets. She turned back in forth in the bed as she screamed. As he got closer to her he realized she was sobbing out words. "P-Please, I don't know anything.. please." His heart twisted with regret. There wasn't a day that went by that Haymitch didn't blame himself for her imprisonment, after all, he did leave her. The only thing that relieved his self-hatred was the reminder that District 13 wouldn't have been much better for her. He climbed onto the bed and grabbed a hold of her shoulders, and brought her shaking form close to his chest. He wrapped his arms around her waist and brought his lips to her ear. "It's just a nightmare, Effie." He whispered in her ear, and he flinched when he noticed the way his voice caught in his throat. "No more.." She sobbed. "Effie, sweetheart, you're having a nightmare." He held her tightly as her sobs died down to small whimpers, and eventually her grip on his shirt loosened. He couldn't help himself, his hand found it's way to her hair and gently stroked the blonde locks. He hated the tears that threatened to fall from his eyes. When did he become so protective of this little woman? It had to be the years they worked together. She had always been more sympathetic than the escort before her, and he couldn't help forming a friendship with her. But when did he get to the point where he would cry for this woman, and hold her while she screamed out because of a nightmare. Since her own city decided it right to torture her for information she didn't have Since she realized the true horrors of the games He kissed the top of her head and gently laid her down on her back, he pulled the blankets back up to her chin. He got off the bed and took one more look at her before he retreated back to his own room. He heard her sob again hours later, but he couldn't stand to see her cry... so he turned over and put his pillow over his ear. The next few nights were the same, she would scream in her sleep and sometimes Haymitch would go in and hold her, and sometimes he would ignore her and fall back into his own constant nightmares. The next day they would both pretend that nothing happened. They didn't talk much, it wasn't any use. He didn't ask Effie when she was planning to leave, and she didn't ask Haymitch when he was planning on cleaning his house. Soon he just excepted that she would leave when she left, and Effie started cleaning his house without his permission. They didn't fight, which was rare for the two. They had disagreements, but they weren't the same. Haymitch would yell, and Effie would drop what she was doing and her lip would wobble and she would go up to the guest room and slam the door. There was no banter, Effie didn't seem to have it in her. "You want to go see Katniss and Peeta with me later?" Haymitch asked her that morning. She had just walked in after feeding his geese. Effie didn't like to get close to them, but she liked to go out there most mornings and feed them bread. She would buy bread from Peeta's bakery, and she would break it into pieces and put it in the basket she bought from down the street. Most mornings Haymitch would wake to see her out in the backyard, breaking off pieces of bread and throwing them to the geese. She would beam at the geese and Haymitch would find a smile on his own face. Effie nodded, "that would be nice." "The kids really want to see you more, they really do love you Effie." Haymitch explained. "I love them too." She responded. Haymitch watched as she set the basket on the counter and bent down to get the kettle from the cupboard. She made tea for herself and Haymitch every morning, and Haymitch didn't mind. When she bent down the jacket that she always wore over her small shoulders fell down and Haymitch found himself staring at a particularly nasty scar that was on her back. She seemed to notice this and she dropped the kettle and hastily pulled her jacket back over her shoulders. She turned towards Haymitch and her eyes were wide, and her cheeks were pink. "I have them too, you know.. scars." Haymitch nodded towards her. Her mouth moved, but no words came out. She looked down at her feet and crossed her arms over her chest. She cleared her throat and bent down to pick up the kettle. "I.." She shook her head. "I hate to look at them." "You'll get used to it." Effie pressed her lips in a thin line and turned back towards the oven. Haymitch couldn't keep his eyes off her back, and he found himself wondering how many scars she was hiding under that jacket. "Hello, Effie!" Katniss beamed when Effie and Haymitch crossed the threshold. Katniss took Effie into her arms and hugged her and Effie smiled and hugged Katniss as well. "Thanks sweetheart, I appreciate the love." Haymitch scoffed. "Haymitch, we see you everyday." Katniss responded. Katniss closed the door and Peeta peeked his head around the corner and smiled at Haymitch and Effie. He was wearing an apron and he hugged Effie and patted Haymitch on the back. "Haymitch wanted to bring some alcohol from his house, but I insisted we buy some nice dinner wine instead." Effie said, handing the wine over to Katniss who nodded her head in thanks. "I still think that we could have just brought some alcohol from home.." "But dinner doesn't consist of hard alcohol, believe it or not.. dinner wine, that's the kind of alcohol you have at dinner." Katniss and Peeta both let out a laugh and Haymitch and Effie stopped bickering to turn towards them in question. Katniss was hunched over in giggles, and Peeta was laughing as well. "What?" Haymitch snapped. "You two are still bickering like a married couple." Peeta chuckled. Haymitch and Effie's cheeks turned bright red and Haymitch cleared his throat. "So how about that dinner.." Haymitch trailed off. Katniss and Haymitch sat at the table while Effie helped Peeta make dinner. Effie was shaky as she helped Peeta, but Peeta was patient when it came to her making mistakes. Haymitch watched protectively over Katniss' shoulder, he didn't want Effie hurting herself. The dining room was conjoined to the kitchen, and even though Peeta and Effie were on the other side of the room, Haymitch could still see them. "Why do you hide it?" Katniss whispered. "Huh?" "Effie, you like Effie.. and we all know it." Katniss responded. "It's okay, you know. She's different and everyone can see that, she's not that same woman from the Capitol she hasn't been since.." "Yeah, I know that." Haymitch snapped. "I know that more than anyone. I don't like her like that." "Hmm." Katniss smirked. There was a scream and Katniss and Haymitch both jumped off from there seat. Effie's hand was curled in a fist, and Peeta was desperately trying to get her to unfold it. Haymitch went to Effie's aid and Katniss was right behind him. Effie was staring down, unblinkingly, at her fist and Haymitch could see the blood seeping from her closed fist. "She cut her hand.. and I.. she won't let me.." Peeta stammered. "Effie, c'mon now, let me see your hand.. I gotta see how bad it is." Effie whimpered and unfolded her hand, and sure enough there was a large cut on the palm of her hand. Effie suddenly froze when her she caught sight of her bleeding hand. "Effie?" Haymitch whispered. Her breath caught and she let out another scream, and she broke free from Haymitch's hold and scrambled away from the three. She grabbed a hold of her wrist and stared down at