|Lovegood: Building strength| Story 1 AUTHORS NOTE: Please read before continuing. This story is based in the Harry Potter universe, and coincides with the storyline of the JK Rowling's book Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. This is not an original story, and yet, it's not a fanfic of a redone segment of the book, I have no clue what to call it. It is, by definition a fan fiction, but I want it to be more than that. I am a novice writer, and I'm still learning, so any constructive criticisms that you might want to give are welcome, just don't be a butthole. Anyways, this story is about a first year student named Shepard, but if you want me to release a second version in fanfic format, I will. Thank you for deciding to read, I hope this quenches your thirst for Luna Lovegood! (Also I will be adding romance to this story, but that comes later.) General Info: Word count: 10'510 Mature Content: No Fiction rating: K Chapter 1 It was my first day at Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry, and I was nervous. Nervous about a lot of things, the classes I'd be taking, making friends, but most of all, what house I was going to join. I had no clue as to what house I even wanted, the only thing I knew, was I didn't want to be in Slytherin. All these thoughts went through my head as I walked down the aisle of the Hogwarts express. I was so preoccupied in my thoughts that I bumped into a trio of wizards. The one in the front turned to me, looked me up and down, and spoke. "Move it, Mudblood" "I'm s-sorry" I stammer, and then realizing what he had said "what did you call me?" "A mudblood, a filthy, disgusting mudblood." he said with poison in his words. I looked at him closely, he had light blonde hair that was slicked back, and blue-grey eyes, he wore a white button down shirt with a green and silver tie. His green robes shook when he spoke, as if he were talking with his entire body. "What's that?" I asked cautiously. "Are you daft?!" He snorted, "A mudblood is the abominable mix of magical and non-magical blood" "Is that a bad thing?" I asked. He seemed taken aback by my response. "Yes!" He nearly shouted, other students started to look over at the scene the wizard was causing. "Why?" I asked calmly. This nearly threw him off balance. "B-Because!" He shouted. He then signaled for his entourage to follow him. "Let's get out of here, this mudblood is crazy!" He proceeded to stomp through the aisle, cursing, and pushing his way through the crowd. I simply stood there, and tried to recall exactly what I'd done to vex him. I continued down the aisle, looking for a carriage to sit in, most of them were filled with people who had already made friends previously. I was not one of these people, I grew up on a magical farm, far from most towns and cities, pretty much the only friends I had were people who worked on the farm. As I was again, lost in thought, I almost missed a very soft spoken voice that came in from my right. "You can sit here if you like." I stopped walking, and turned, there sat a young witch with long light blonde, almost silver hair down to her chest, she wore a white button down shirt with a dark blue jacket and pink pants, her wand was tucked behind her ear and she was looking up from a newspaper that she was holding upside down, she had a grey messenger bag placed neatly next to her, it was filled with copies of the same paper she held in her hands. "I'm sorry, what did you say? I must have been lost in thought again, happens quite often with me" I chuckled. "You can sit here if you like, I know you're looking for a spot, I can see it in the way you walk." She said. I paused, and noticed that the entire carriage she was sitting in was completely vacant, which was strange, seeing as how every carriage around hers was packed with people. "If you don't mind my presence," I said "I tend to get lost in thought, so I might not be the best choice of company." "Oh nonsense," She smiled. "I can tell that you'd be great company." "How so?" I inquired. "I can tell by the look in you eye." She said in a light tone. "Can you really tell so much about me just by looking at me?" I asked. "I can," She said. "It's all here." She lightly shook the paper she was holding. "There's article in that paper about reading people's movements and eyes?" "Why yes, there's all sorts of useful information in here, would you like a copy?" She said, reaching into her messenger bag and pulled out a newspaper and holding it out to me. I accepted, and looked at the title. "The Quibbler?" I said, puzzled. "Yes, my father edits for the paper, so he asked me to bring some to school to give to people." "I see," I said, looking for the name of the author. "Xenophilius Lovegood" "That's him, she said happily. When I looked back down from the paper she had her hand extended. "Luna Lovegood." She said with a small smile, we shook hands briefly. "Shepard Jaraba" I replied with a smile of my own. I sat down across from her, placing my book bag next to me. "If you don't mind me asking, why don't you have anyone sitting next to you?" I asked. Luna set her copy of the Quibbler aside, and looked at me. "Well I sort of live in isolation, so I don't know many people to begin with, and those who do know me, tend to think I'm insane." She said in a tone too light for the things she had just said. "Huh, I live in isolation as well." I remarked. "I live out on a farm pretty far from civilization." At this she beamed. "Do you have any magical animals on your farm?" She asked in an excited tone. "Why yes," I reply. "In fact we supply this school with the Thestrals that they use to pull carriages and such." Her smile widened, and eyes shone bright. "Thestrals are such beautiful creatures aren't they?" "You can see them?" I asked, curious, if I remembered correctly the only people who could see them, are people who've witnessed death. Her smile faded ever so slightly. "Yes, my mother died when I was seven. She was experimenting with spells, and one of them backfired." She looked down at her shoes, and then looked up at me again, her blue eyes just a bit sadder than before. "I'm really sorry." I say apologetically. "I didn't mean to bring something up that would upset you." She shook off the sadness, and continued smiling. "It's fine, really." She said, and then furrowed her brow. "If you know about the Thestrals, then can you see them too?" "I can." I replied. "My uncle died when I was young, my father told me that he was a good man that hunted bad guys, but one day, one of the bad guys found out where we lived, and my uncle died protecting me." "That's terrible!" She said, placing her hand on mine. I looked down at her hand, and squeezed it in mine. "It was hard at the time, but after awhile I moved on, and I've been working with Thestrals ever since, and that's made me happy." I smiled and let go of her hand, and looked up to see she was smiling as well, and at that moment, I knew that we were gonna be good friends. Chapter 2 Later that night at the main hall, after Dumbledore gave his welcoming speech, the sorting ceremony began, and I sat next to Luna with anticipation, and soon enough my name was called out. "Shepard Jaraba!" I slowly walked up, and sat down on the stool. When the sorting hat was placed on my head, he sighed and spoke. "Ahhhhh, so indecisive this child, hmmmmm indeed, I see… Definitely not a Slytherin… Gryffindor? No no no, not quite. Oh.." He took a deep breath. "Ravenclaw!" I beamed, I looked over at the Ravenclaw table, and all my new housemates who were all clapping and smiling, and I knew that's where I belonged. I sat down by myself, hoping that Luna might join me. Shortly thereafter, Luna's name was called, and she walked up confidently to the stool, and sat down. The sorting hat was placed on her head, and he smiled and spoke. "Ahhhh, this one is much more decisive, you child shall go to Ravenclaw!" He shouted. Luna smiled, and looked over at me. I clapped and cheered with the rest of my new housemates. She walked over and sat down next to me. "I'm glad that we got placed in the same house." She said. "I was worried I'd get put into Slytherin" She said with a small giggle. "Slytherin is probably the last place the sorting hat would put you." I laughed. "Why do you say that?" She inquired "Well I don't think you'd fit the profile of your average Slytherin." I said. "But to be quite honest with you, I had the same fear" She laughed again, "Well I'm glad that it worked out in our favor." "Yea me too." I said, I couldn't help but smile, thinking about all the fun we were going to have. After receiving the house tour and our robes and ties, we were assigned our beds. I placed my luggage next to my bed and sat down, I was pretty tired, but still excited to see what the future held. Then to my left I heard the sound of baggage hitting the ground. I turned to see my new neighbor. He was a wiry fellow, who wore circular frame glasses that fit neatly under his short black hair. "Ummmm, hi, m-my name is Nicholas, but please call me Nick." He spoke in a near whisper, and seemed a bit slouched over. I stood up and took a step forward. "Hi Nick, my name's Shepard" I extended my hand, which he shook it in earnest, his grip was strong despite his wiry frame, and he looked me in the eye. I've always prided myself in being able to judge a person's character pretty well, and I could tell that we would get along just fine. "Is this your first year here as well?" He asked. "Yes, I'm pretty excited to start going to classes, how about you?" "Yea, I'm looking forward to learning from the great professors here." He was smiling from what seemed to be ear to ear. His smile was infectious, immediately spreading to me. For some reason, I just started to laugh, I started laughing so hard that I nearly keeled over. As I was laughing, I realized why I was laughing, earlier today I was so concerned about making friends, and getting into a good house, and here I was, making friends within my new house. As I looked up, Nick was looking at me with a small smile on his face mixed with a bit of confusion. Chapter 3 The next morning I met with Luna in the common room, and I introduced her to my new friend Nick. When Nick tried to say hello, his voice caught in his throat, and he began stuttering. "H-h-hello." He managed weakly. Luna giggled and stuck out her hand for him to shake, but he only stared at her hand with a weird expression on his face. I kicked him in the back of the leg, and he snapped into motion immediately