My arm jerks lightly and I look up just in time to see my bobber being pulled underwater. Excited, I wrench my fishing rod back and begin to reel in my catch, impressed with the struggle this fish is giving me. "What the hell ?" I mutter under my breath, confused when my reward breaks the surface of the lake. Instead of a fish at the end of my line, I am face to face with a frog . I can't help but cringe when I see the hook threaded through its lip, and I work as gently as I can to free it, dropping the frog back into the lake when I'm through. Now I'm back at square one, and the sun is dropping beyond the horizon fast. I know if I don't catch something soon we may not be eating tonight. Peeta is back where we set up camp putting up our tent and starting a fire while I fish for our dinner here at the lake — the usual routine. We've been doing this for years. One weekend a month when the weather allows, Peeta and I retreat into the woods to get away from the boundless pressures and responsibilities we endure due to our families. It's a nice escape. Peeta is always good company, and always seems to have something to talk about that's interesting. That's one of my favorite things about our friendship. There's never time for even a beat of awkward silence. Whether he's trying to trick me into singing for him by pretending to forget how a song goes, or making up a ridiculous story on the spot, Peeta sees to it that we are always laughing — laughter chases the disquiet away, he says. Our parents don't know we come out here. They'd never approve, especially Peeta's mother. She never has a nice word to say about me. My mother doesn't have a problem with Peeta, but she makes it clear every chance she gets that she "doesn't trust hormones" , and doesn't think it's wise for two sixteen year olds to be alone together for too long. I've tried to tell her she's ridiculous. Peeta is just a friend, but she won't hear it. So, when we take our weekend trips out here to the lake, I tell my mother that I am staying with my friend Madge, and Peeta… I'm not sure what Peeta tells his parents, he always simply tells me he took care of it. I've learned the hard way not to press him for answers when it comes to his family. We keep our tent bag and my fishing gear hidden in the woods in a hollowed out log deep in the thickest part of the forest where I am fairly certain nobody in this town ever treads. I stuff blankets into my bag with my clothes and toothbrush before I leave the house, and Peeta stops for fresh bait on his way out here. It's sneaky, and Peeta would probably rather not have to hide in the woods, but if it gets us out of our houses for a few days, we are willing to do it. There's a party on the other side of the lake tonight. I can see tiki torches and the flame of a bonfire licking the air. The music is so loud, it's causing the ground underneath me to vibrate with each hit of the bass, and I am sure it's scaring the fish away. I wasn't invited to the party. Either was Peeta. I think he was a little upset by it, but he'd never admit it. Me? I'm more upset that they're interrupting our weekend and scaring our dinner away in the process. I don't know how to act at parties, anyway. I would probably end up embarrassing myself if I were invited and actually showed up. But with Peeta, no matter how much time I spend with him, he never makes me feel the pressure to be anyone but myself, and I appreciate that. The sound of rustling to my left breaks me from my reverie, and I turn quickly in hopes that it's just Peeta coming to find out what's taking me so long to come back with dinner and not a skunk, or worse. I'm surprised to instead see Gale Hawthorne walking toward me. Gale is two years older than me, but I know him from the neighborhood. He grew up a few houses down from me and when we were younger, we would play kickball in my backyard and walk to the only corner store left in town with penny candy. As we got older, our interests became too different, and while we always remained friends, we inevitably drifted apart, so it's a shock to see him here at the lake. "Hey, Katniss Everdeen," Gale says in greeting. "Gale," I nod in his direction. "Madge told me I'd find you here at the lake." My eyes grow wide and I stare at Gale in disbelief for a minute, trying to get the words to click in my mind. I couldn't have heard him correctly. Why would Madge tell Gale where I was? She promised she'd cover for me. " Madge shouldn't have been telling anyone where I was at," I snap angrily. "Sorry, I didn't know it was a secret." Gale holds his hands up in surrender and then moves past me, shoving his them into the pockets of his jeans as he passes me. "So it's been awhile since we hung out, huh?" I shrug and bend down to grab another night crawler for my fishing hook. "We're kind of beyond kickball and candy," I reply, sounding angrier than I intended to. He didn't know Madge was supposed to be keeping a secret for me, but he is interrupting my fishing, and I need to get back to Peeta at camp — why did he choose tonight to reminisce? Why was he looking for me at all? "That's exactly what I was thinking, that's why I was looking for you." I narrow my eyes at Gale before I cast and begin to fish again, turning my attention to the water as I try to focus on the small bobber in such little light. "There's that party going on across the lake, you know." "Yeah, I know." I still won't look in his direction. Maybe if I don't, he'll leave. "You should come over there with me. Meet some people, have a few drinks." Gale clears his throat, commanding my attention, and I relent, looking at him expectantly, hoping he senses my impatience. "And maybe if you have a good time you could reward me with a kiss at the end of the night." What? Reward him with a kiss? This is the last thing I expected Gale to say to me, and I can't understand why he would suddenly show up with such a forward proposition in the first place. I open my mouth to respond, but am unable to form words. All I can do is shake my head, reeling my line back in to buy some extra time so I can remember how to string a simple sentence together. "I can't," I say finally. I can feel Gale's steely gray eyes boring into me, and it's making me feel like I haven't made my rejection clear enough. I find myself muttering the first thing that comes to mind. "I have a boyfriend." Gale looks around as though he is expecting my non-existent boyfriend to come barrelling out from behind a tree to fight for my honor, and when he seems satisfied that nothing like that is going to happen, he looks back to me. "Well he's not here right now," Gale shrugs, a smug smile tugging at his lips. "He is. He's waiting for me to come back with fish so we can have dinner." I blurt the words out quickly, before I have time to realize that I just tried to give Gale the impression that Peeta is my boyfriend. "Wait, are you talking about Peeta?" Gale scoffs. "I know he's not your boyfriend." "Yes he is," I argue. I must sound so stupid, arguing like a child over something that I'm not even telling the truth about in the first place, but Gale has some nerve coming out here and assuming I would happily agree to going to that party with him, and then expecting a kiss for his chivalrous favor. "Come on, Katniss," Gale urges. "Come to the party with me. I've been wanting to ask you to hang out, but you make it pretty impossible to get you alone with the way you always have Peeta attached to your hip." "Well he is my boyfriend," I stress, refusing to give in and admit that I lied to Gale. "Why are you trying to lie to me, Katniss?" Gale laughs and shakes his head, crossing his arms over his chest. If he's making a face, I can't tell. It has gotten too dark to see much of anything now, and I still don't have any fish. "I'm leaving," I snap, gathering my fishing gear as quickly as I can. Ignoring Gale's calls for me to lighten up, I trudge away from him angrily in the direction of camp and walk as quickly as possible in the dark, hoping that I can find my way to Peeta without completely losing my way. I didn't expect to be gone past dark, so I didn't take the flashlight. I am regretting that decision now. After walking for a bit I spot the soft glow of the fire Peeta has started and use it to guide me to camp. When I get there, Peeta is sitting on a log, hunched over, poking at the fire with a stick. It's roaring nicely, and I can feel the warmth on my skin even at a distance. For some reason, I can't stop the smile that springs to my lips at the sight of Peeta, his forearms resting on his thighs, a look of deep concentration painted across his profile in the glow of the firelight. His hair looks darker in just the light of the fire, the golden curls at his forehead rest there as if they were commanded not to move. I'm not sure that I've ever stared at Peeta this long before. I've certainly never noticed just how long his eyelashes are. I think back to Gale's laughter when I told him Peeta is my boyfriend. What is so funny about that? I know I could certainly do worse. Was it really that far-fetched to assume that we were dating? We are together all the time, he makes me laugh, he makes me feel good about myself, and I'd like to think I give him the same in return. Wait! What am I saying? Peeta's just my friend. That's it. I shake my head in attempts to get rid of the fog and clear my throat, getting his attention. "Don't get too close, you'll singe your eyebrows off," I warn him, stepping closer "Hey," Peeta smiles, breaking his concentration on the fire. I can just see his eyebrows knit together in concern. "What's wrong?" "Nothing," I lie. That's another thing about Peeta. He always knows when I'm upset without me having to tell him. "Are you sure? You look upset about something." He stands up and begins walking toward me, studying my face for any other signs of apprehension. "I can barely see your face, how can you possibly see mine?" I try to joke. "I'm fine." I look away from him and down at the ground, suddenly feeling guilty for lying to him. "How many fish did you catch?" Oh shit, the fish! I know that if we want to eat tonight, I have to go back to the lake. "Come with me!" I exclaim, turning quickly. "And bring the flashlight." "Katniss,