There were only so many ways a person could pretend to look busy, and Katniss was beginning to run out of ideas. With a quick glance over her shoulder to make sure the managers' office door was still closed, she finally let herself relax. In the last half hour, she'd wiped down the counter and credit card machine in front of her register three times, and rearranged her stapler and cup of pens twice. Unless Johanna or one of the other managers wanted to stop pretending to be busy in the office so they could watch her drawer, there was nothing else for Katniss to do. Everyone at the store called it, "The Calm Before the Storm" . A term they used to describe that brief period of time just after Halloween when business slowed to a crawl as potential customers waited for the store to release the details of their Black Friday deals. They were a small electronics and office supply store, the only one in the town of District 12. After three years, Katniss had grown used to the rapid fire changes around the store during the holiday season, but the one thing she could never quite prepare for were the seasonal hires. Every year, they were thrown into the retail mix for only a few months and then promptly disappeared a few weeks after Christmas. Today was the day that Haymitch, the head manager, would usher this year's new hires into the break room and keep them there all morning. After several hours of making them watch thirty-year-old safety videos, he would free them to the floor to finally begin their on-the-job training. "Grab a radio from the shelf and follow me out to the floor." Haymitch's voice echoed in the short hallway that led from the break-room to the floor, loud enough for everyone in the store to hear. The managers' office door swung open finally, and Katniss rolled her eyes. Of course they come out now. She turned to watch Haymitch. He continued to rattle off instructions to the four new seasonal hires walking out with him. Three of them trailed behind, struggling with the earpieces of their radios. The fourth, a blond with loose, wayward curls, walked closely with Haymitch, listening closely to everything that came out of the head manager's mouth. He held his radio in his hand but made no effort to clip it to his pants and affix the earpiece like the others. He seemed too focused on what Haymitch had to say to worry about the radio at that moment. Once Haymitch had reminded them all to place the orders for their work shirts before they left for the day, he began pairing off the new hires with the veteran employees one-by-one until there was only one left. "You!" Haymitch barked, pointing at Katniss. "You'll train blondie over here." Haymitch just had to give her the eager one, didn't he? The eager ones always made her feel lazy, like she wasn't doing enough to warrant even the meager paycheck she brought home. She sighed and waved the blond over halfheartedly. As the stocky blond made his way toward Katniss, she couldn't help but notice the slight limp that accompanied his steps. She forced her eyes upward and hoped he hadn't noticed her staring. She stepped to the side to allow him to slip behind the counter with her, and he extended his hand in greeting. With a firm and steady shake, he introduced himself as Peeta. "Katniss." "Katniss," Peeta repeated. He stepped in closer, their hands still clasped, and lowering his voice. "Should I really put this thing in my ear, or do you think I'll get MRSA?" Finally, he let go over her hand and stepped back, flipping the wired earpiece between his fingers as he spoke. "I mean, how many people have used this thing, do you think?" "I've lost count," Katniss said dryly. He wasn't the first to make that joke. "Don't worry, though. They'll give you a brand new one that's all yours if you get through today without walking out." "So is this my first test then?" Peeta asked. He held the curved earpiece up at eye level. "Will he put the grimy earpiece on? Or will he let it scare him away?" When Katniss didn't answer, Peeta finally slipped the earpiece over his ear, clipped the radio to the waistband of his pants, and threw his hands up. "Well? Do I pass?" "Sure.." Katniss answered, bemusement heavy in her tone. "Now my test is to see if I can train you well enough so you can handle the Black Friday crowds." "I'm ready when you are." And as it turned out, he was. They started out simple at first. Peeta's first task was to learn how to ring up a sale and Katniss walked him through this when Johanna came through her line with a bag of Combos and bottle of Coke for her break. He moved through the process so easily, Katniss had to wonder if he'd done this before. "Johanna is the scheduling manager, so you want to stay on her good side," Katniss warned once Johanna was out of earshot. "Noted," Peeta said with a nod. "Anything else I should know?" "As long as I'm training you, we'll probably have the same schedule," Katniss explained. "Training is usually for two weeks, so, I'm sorry in advance for any strange hours you might end up with because of me." "I'll just blame that on Johanna now that I know she does the schedules," Peeta smiled. "Besides, you've been a pretty good teacher so far. I don't think I'll mind spending the next two weeks with you, no matter what the hours might be." It was definitely nicer to be around Peeta than the last guy she trained, she'd give him that much. She couldn't even remember his name now, but the two weeks she had to spend with him were two of the longest of her life. She wasn't even sure why he wanted a job in retail when all he did was complain about the job, the customers, and the hours. At least Peeta cooperated. Maybe eagerness wasn't always a bad thing. "We'll see if you're still saying that in two weeks," Katniss cautioned. XXXX "Can you hand me another one of those green borders, Peeta?" When Katniss walked into the store that morning ready to start an eight hour training shift with Peeta, it wasn't her drawer that she found in the manager's office, but Haymitch. "No drawer for you today," Haymitch said. "You're putting up the Christmas signage. Have Peeta help you." She didn't ask questions, especially when it came to dealing with Haymitch. His managerial approach wasn't for the faint of heart. But, if you could put up with the self-satisfied snark and icy exterior, Haymitch would go to battle for you any way he could. Besides, she was willing to do anything that would get her away from the confines of the counter she was normally stuck behind. Now, after four days of training, Katniss and Peeta were getting to spend a rare shift out on the floor. Their job for the day was to swap out all of the old signage and replace it with the new, holiday signage and decorations. "It's like this store got swept up in a Christmas tornado overnight or something," Peeta said, opening up a package of green and gold garland that was supposed to line the display they were working on. "I walked in this morning and Christmas music was playing on the radio and you were elbow deep in holly jolly signage." "It's like this every year," Katniss sighed. "They hit you with it all at once so you don't have any choice but to get in the holiday spirit." "Well, at least it's not Target," Peeta pointed out. "I bet working there is like living in Whoville for a couple of months since they start Christmas in September at that store." "I don't know if I could handle it all starting that soon," Katniss said. "I do like the Christmas music, though." "Are you one of those people that starts playing it the day after Halloween?" When Katniss looked at Peeta blankly, he took a step closer, a self-satisfied smirk etched on his face. "No lying. I thought our relationship was one built on trust?" Katniss cringed. "Would you hate me if I said yes? I only do when I'm home alone, though." "Don't tell me you dance, too." Peeta searched her eyes and a wide smile formed, and for the first time Katniss noticed the dimple in his left cheek. "Oh my God, You do!" "No I don't!" "I don't know." Peeta crossed his arms over his chest and studied Katniss. "Silence is usually a confirmation." "Not in this case." The only reason she hadn't answered him was because she was too busy staring at his face, but she couldn't tell him that. How had she not seen that dimple before today? More importantly, why did it make her smile? "Well just in case, I'll remember to call before I come over then," Peeta grinned. "That way won't catch you dancing to Jingle Bell Rock." Katniss paused. Peeta was only joking, she knew that, but there was something about what he said that actually made her entertain the idea of Peeta stopping by her house. She had been trying to ignore the overwhelming desire to form some kind of friendship with Peeta, but even after just four days it was becoming increasingly more difficult. She never talked to co-workers outside of work and definitely never had interest in friendships with any of them. But with Peeta, she could actually see herself spending time with him outside of work. Over the last few days, rather than dreading going to work like she usually did while training a new employee, she found that she was looking forward to it. There was something about Peeta's dry sense of humor that she could appreciate, and talking to him was never as awkward as it usually was for her. She gave Peeta the credit for that. It seemed that he could talk to just about anyone about anything. The truth was, when she was with Peeta, she never quite felt like she was at work. His presence seemed to calm her to the point where even talking didn't feel like such a chore. She wondered if he could bring that same kind of calm to her outside of work. Quickly, before she did something stupid like invite Peeta over for dinner, she cleared her throat awkwardly and tried to remember what they had been talking about before Peeta's words distracted her. Christmas Music, she reminded herself. "You don't like Christmas music?" She grabbed one end of the strand of garland while Peeta took the other. "No, I do." Peeta began walking sideways, slowly unraveling the garland in a long line between him and Katniss. "But I can only listen to jingling bells and snow euphemisms for so long before it all becomes the same never-ending song." "Well, I hope you won't hold it against me if I still go home tonight and listen to Josh Groban's "Noel" album for a few hours." "I didn't picture you as the Josh Groban type. I'm learning all kinds of things about you today," Peeta grinned. "I'm liking this." Katniss's stomach tightened. The more she and Peeta talked, the more he seemed to be effective her this way. "You'd be surprised what you could learn about me." The words tumbled from Katniss's mouth before she could stop them, and her tone was hardly innocent. Heat flooded her cheeks when she noticed Peeta's smile disappear and his blue eyes widen in shock. They stared at each other for a beat too long before Peeta finally spoke. "We're out of tape," he muttered. "I'll be right back." Katniss