On the day Katniss Everdeen was born, the nation of Panem turned white. Born to a struggling Seam family in District 12 - Panem's smallest district - the Everdeens had never seen a world so vibrant and alive, for it had been bathed in dusky shadows since The Dark Days several decades prior. Within days of Katniss's birth, the grass grew tall and green. For the first time, trees began to bud and flowers bloomed in places where seeds had never been sown, enriching the land and adding shades of greens, yellows, reds, and even pinks and oranges to the district that many citizens had only ever seen in school books. But even with the added colors, the new light in the world brought forth the most upsetting imagery. Citizens could finally see that many houses in the Seam were being held up by woods so rotted that there was panic in the district over whether or not they could fall at any moment and crush the families inside. Dirt and ash covered everything in sight, swirling through the air with every breeze and landing haphazardly on every surface it could reach. However, somehow it could no longer blanket the trees, bury the flowers, or dull the bright white the district was suddenly immersed in. Many across the nation knew there was something special happening. Older citizens started talk of Panem being blessed again with what they called, The Upriser . A rare breed born just once every one hundred years, Uprisers were expected to be a symbol for both the nation and for a revolution that was prophesized by their birth. And within a week of Katniss Everdeen's birth, Peacekeepers across the nation gathered the names of all children born on the day the darkness ceased and visits were made to each family until only one baby remained a viable possibility. Within hours, Katniss Everdeen's whereabouts had been reported to President Snow by his assistant, Plutarch Heavensbee. "It can't be," President Snow responded to the news. He narrowed his eyes at his subordinate. "It's only been fifty eight years since the last Upriser was defeated." "She's early," Plutarch replied insistently . "You've seen the signs. The nation doesn't change color like this unless an Upriser has been born." "Then we must get rid of her," President Snow said a little too easily. "It's too late for that," Plutarch insisted. "The districts already know she's here. She's a healthy, thriving infant. It would be too suspicious if she were to die right now and take her light with her." "Then what do you suggest we do, Mr. Heavensbee?" For the first time, President Snow's words came with an edge of anger. "Why don't we pay her family a little visit?" Plutarch suggested, a self-satisfied sneer playing on his lips at the end of his sentence. "We can give the Everdeen family a little reminder that Uprisers are a taboo. As long as they never speak of her powers, they can keep their daughter." President Snow nodded, catching on to Plutarch's plan before adding a twist of his own. "And if they ever reveal to her what she is, they will be executed. The whole family." President Snow and Plutarch's visit to the Everdeen house was a quick one. President Snow skipped the pleasantries and dove straight into threats to the family. But as Snow tore the tiny infant from her mother's arms and made it clear that Katniss Everdeen was to remain unaware of her power or face execution, Plutarch pulled Mr. Everdeen off to a quiet corner of the small, run-down house to explain what he was to do to keep his family, and Panem, safe. XXXX For the first year of Katniss's life, Panem remained glazed in white. However, it wasn't long before a new color swallowed the nation. The first time the world went red was when Katniss was learning to walk. A determined anger filled her that her small frame could not contain, and Panem was swathed in a blood red veneer until she calmed and white returned. As the years passed and Katniss grew from toddler to child, new colors began to present themselves regularly. A yellow hue filled the skies when she was happy and a bright blue took over when she felt at peace or felt safe in her father's arms. But most often, Panem was cloaked in green, Katniss's favorite color. The color of the woods she so often retreated to with her father when food was low and money was tight. The color of spring, her favorite time of the year. The district was yellow for weeks after Katniss's sister Primrose was born. But with Katniss's happiness came the Everdeens' fears that one day Katniss would reveal a new power. One that would immediately expose her position as the Upriser to the entire district and threaten the lives of their two young daughters. However, with each birthday Katniss celebrated, not a single new power presented itself. In school, there was often talk. Though none of them knew what it meant, children retold stories that their parents had shared of a District 12 that was dark until one day in early May when there was suddenly a light so bright, many citizens had to walk the streets with their hands shielding their eyes for weeks before they got used to it. Katniss never suspected that any of the stories she overheard in the cafeteria and on the playground had anything to do with her, but shortly after her eleventh birthday, she asked her parents about the things she'd heard. It pained them to lie to their daughter. To tell her that they didn't know what caused the light. But the thought of their two young daughters' lives being taken pained them far worse than any lie they could tell their curious child. A few days after asking her parents about the day the district turned white, Katniss walked through the woods with her father as they always did. Something felt different that day, though. Her father spoke less and they walked further than they usually did. At first, Katniss thought they were headed to the secret cabin that her father had discovered deep in the woods when he was a boy. It was so covered in overgrowth and so deep in the woods that nobody dared ventured near it. It was perfectly hidden in a place that a person would only know about if they were told. They didn't go to the cabin that day. They didn't go anywhere Katniss recognized. Before she could ask where they were, her father settled down on an old, fallen tree, patting the rough bark next to him for Katniss to sit down. His smile was hesitant, almost somber as he looked down at his daughter's small legs dangling over the large tree trunk underneath her. "You like green a lot, don't you?" He asked. With his daughter's nod, he looked around at the way the green hue of the district made the green of the leaves pop perfectly on the trees that surrounded them. "I thought so. You turn the district green a lot." Katniss laughed at her father. He always told silly jokes that never made sense to her and Prim. "I don't make it green, daddy." Katniss's father leaned closer to his daughter, dropping his voice to just a whisper. "Want to know a secret?" he asked, nudging her shoulder with his arm playfully. "You do . You're special, Katniss. All of those different colors the districts changes to is because of you." "But how.." "Shhh," her father warned, placing a finger to his lips. "You have to keep this a secret, ok? You can't tell anybody ." "Not even Prim?" "Especially not Prim," her father laughed. "She's the worst at keeping secrets." "How do you know that I'm special?" Katniss asked dubiously. He'd been waiting for that question. With a deep breath, he scooted in closer to his daughter and hoped that his explanation would be enough for the eleven-year-old to understand. "When you were very small, just a week old, the president came to visit us," he explained. " President Snow was in our house ?" Katniss asked, her jaw going slack in surprise. "Yes. And he brought a man with him - Plutarch Heavensbee," he continued. "While President Snow was talking to your mother, Mr. Heavensbee gave me a few instructions." Katniss raised her eyebrows. "What were they?" "That when I felt you were ready to learn about how special you are, I had to tell you in private and make you swore that you'd never tell anyone until the time came," her father said. "Do you think you can do that for me?" "I can keep a secret," Katniss said with a nod. XXXX "I just received the most interesting phone call," President Snow said, mindlessly tapping his pen on his desk. "About what?" Plutarch asked. "Katniss Everdeen," Snow answered, shooting an angered look Plutarch's way. "It appears that one of my Peacekeepers followed Miss Everdeen and her father into the woods a few weeks ago and overheard him tell her about her... abilities." Plutarch nodded, taking in the information. "Did you really expect the Everdeens to keep quiet for the duration of the girl's life?" President Snow ignored Plutarch's question. "And not only has he told her, he's trying to teach her to gain control of her powers." Plutarch looked out the window, observing the green blanketing the mountains in the distance. "She doesn't appear to be having much success," he noted. "It's been green for weeks." "I'm more concerned with her father right now," Snow replied. "Then take it out on him," Plutarch suggested. "Remove him from the situation and scare the girl and mother into never speaking about what she is again." XXXX After her father's revelation, the two returned to the woods almost daily. In the beginning, they went just to talk. Though her father knew she wasn't quite ready to learn her full destiny in life, in the weeks following, Katniss learned the basics of just how special she was. "Focus, Katniss. Focus," her father said encouragingly. "I can't," Katniss whined, dragging her feet across the blanket of old leaves underneath her. When Katniss seemed uninterested in asking questions about what she'd learned about herself, her father decided it was time to start trying to focus on teaching Katniss how to control the only power that had presented itself with hopes that it would bring others to the surface. But weeks went by and Katniss couldn't seem to manage any of it. Her mother had insisted Katniss was still too young, but her father was convinced she was ready. She was bright, strong, and determined. He knew she could do it. "We'll try one more time and then we can go home for dinner," her father urged. "Turn around, close your eyes, and turn the district blue." Following her father's instructions, Katniss turned around and tried as hard as she could to turn the district blue. He had told her that the colors changed with her mood, but she didn't know what led to blue. She didn't know what led to on any of the colors she'd seen the district covered in. There were so many different times she'd seen the colors change and so many different emotions and feelings that could be attributed to them that she had no idea which ones to call upon for any of them. She tried to think of anything that would make her feel different than she already did. The fresh smell of the air when spring arrived, the cool feeling of the moist moss on the rocks in the woods, the Mockingjays repeating the songs she and her father sang as they walked home after hunting, but the world remained green. The sound of the birds scattering from the trees broke her focus. She turned around