"We're never going to make it out of junior year if we keep doing this," I say to Katniss. She's sifting through a bowl of old cookies my parents brought home from the bakery, ignoring me. "Are there any more peanut butter cookies?" She asks. "Dumb and Dumber ate the last of them this morning," I tell her, pulling the bowl away and setting it in the middle of the table where our school books are set out. I open to the pages we're supposed to be studying. "Can we please get to work? I don't want to be up until midnight finishing my homework again." I grab my Trig book and throw it on the floor between us. "Maybe we shouldn't do homework together anymore if this is what happens," Katniss suggests. "We never get it all done before I have to go home." "That'd be even worse," I reply. "We just have to focus on finishing the work before we reward ourselves with cookies and TV." "But it's Big Cat Week on Nat Geo Wild," Katniss gripes. "You hate cats." "No…" Katniss laughs and shakes her head. "I hate Prim's cat, not all cats." "Let's finish this and then we can watch TV until you have to go home," I reason. "How about we watch one show, then we start the homework?" Katniss counters, picking the book up from the floor and setting it in her lap. She mimics my position on the floor – back propped against the coffee table, legs stretched out in front of her. She drums on the top of my book, waiting for my answer. "Come on, Peeta," she hums, begging. It's like she knows just how to get to me, though it never takes much for her to get her own way. Sit close, smile at me - distract me from what we're really supposed to be doing. It's even worse if she touches me. She doesn't know what her presence does to me, and she can never find out. I value her friendship too much to ruin it by having a crush on her. She delivers her final blow when she leans to the side and pushes me with her shoulder, coaxing me to agree to watch TV instead of working on homework, her touch sends a line of heat from my shoulder down to my stomach. "Fine," I agree, exasperated. " One show!" She flashes me a satisfied smile and pulls my Trig book from her lap, setting it back down on the coffee table while I switch the channel. The show has already started, and I smile to myself, knowing that we agreed to only watch one show and this one is already half over. Katniss sits back down next to me in the same position, hands in her lap while she looks straight at the TV. I steal a glance at her and notice the way her eyebrows are raised in interest just slightly, and that even though her mouth is pulled up into a small smirk, it still looks relaxed. When I look back to the TV, I don't like what I see. "Oh come on!" I shout, angrily. "That damn lion is eating the hyena!" "Nature, Peeta," Katniss says teasingly, patting my knee. "Lions have to eat too, you know, that's just the circle of life." "Yeah," I nod, smirking. "And so is that." I point to the TV where the scene has abruptly changed from a male lion eating a hyena, to the same lion mounting a female. Katniss laughs at the scene and shakes her head. "She doesn't look very pleased with her situation," Katniss says, tilting her head and squinting. "I don't think I'd be very pleased either if someone just hopped on my back and stuck it in. It's not very romantic." "Stop," I say, trying to keep my voice even. She can't talk about this right now. Not when she's this close. "Do you think the females even come?" She leans over and pushes her shoulder into mine again and laughs at my gasp. "Katniss!" I shout, horrified. "Well it's a valid question, Peeta," she points out. "Is there even time for her to get off?" "Why are you even thinking about this?" She has to stop talking. I can feel my pants growing tighter with every word that comes out of her mouth. "I don't know," she shrugs. "I just wonder if she gets any pleasure out of it, because it doesn't seem like she does." "Most animals don't mate for pleasure," I remind her. Steering the conversation away from the pleasurable aspects of sex is doing nothing to stop me from getting hard, and I take a deep breath, shifting my right leg up to try to hide the bulge that is forming. "Well, that's shitty." She crosses her arms and falls silent, bringing her eyes back up to the television, but by then it's too late for me. She can't see me like this. What kind of guy gets a woody over lions mating? But I know it wasn't the lions, it was her. It was what she was saying, and the way her shoulder kept brushing mine while she said it. I'm pathetic. We continue watching the show in silence. Katniss seems enthralled, so I take advantage of the moment and shift again, pulling the front of my sweatpants away from me in attempts to hide the erection that doesn't show any signs of subsiding. "What the hell, Peeta?!" Katniss shouts, causing me to jump. I pull my hand away quickly and look at her, only to find her eyes trained right on my dick. She has a smile on her face, but it doesn't look particularly happy – it looks more like she's trying to hold back a laugh. "Do you have a boner?" I don't know what to say. I wish she would have just pretended not to notice and spared me the mortification right now, but our friendship doesn't work that way. We take any opportunity to embarrass one another, and today, Katniss seems to have to upper hand. The only thing I can do is look away. "Jesus, Peeta, we were barely touching," she says. She doesn't sound like she wants to laugh anymore, but there's something in her voice that isn't familiar. "Look, I like you and everything, I don't…" "Who said, it was because of you?" I scoff. "Stop being so arrogant." Of course it's because of her, but I know what the end of that sentence was going to be. She likes me, but she doesn't like me, like me . What the hell does that mean, anyway? "So you don't think I'm boner material then?" Katniss asks. Boner material? I want to ask her what that is supposed to mean, too, but she sounded so offended that I can't help but stare at her, dumbfounded. "So you don't, then," she says. It's not a question, but a statement. "I didn't say that," I reply quickly. "But you're my friend." "So that just automatically counts me out? You're getting horny watching a couple of lions fucking while I'm sitting here right next to you?" She shakes her head. "I'm not sure if I should feel sorry for myself, or feel sorry for you." "Where is this coming from, Katniss?" I ask. I have no idea how this went from her taking advantage of my embarrassment, to her getting offended at my denial that this is because of her. Why does she even care? She doesn't answer. All she does is sighs and looks down, seemingly embarrassed over what she said. I don't know what else to say, so I stay quiet until I realize this whole time she has been staring straight at my crotch. "Stop staring at it!" I finally tell her when I can't take the scrutiny any longer. "Sorry," Katniss says, finally cracking a smile. She turns her head and looks at the wall while I try to think of anything to get this erection to subside, but I know it's no use. Not with her still here and not with the way she was staring at it. "You don't have to keep your head turned, just don't stare… that weirds me out," I lie. It doesn't weird me out at all; it just turns me on even more. "Well, what the hell am I supposed to do? Act like it's not there?" Katniss grouses. "I don't know!" I yell back. She turns her head again and sighs. "I'm sorry Katniss, I shouldn't have yelled at you." I begin to move. "You can get started on the homework; I'll just leave the room for a little bit, all right?" I'm just about to stand up when her voice breaks the silence. "What do you usually do?" she asks. "I usually just think about old Miss Sae and it goes away pretty quickly," I explain. I leave out the part about how it won't work right now because she's in the room and hoist myself up on my feet. "No, I mean when you don't want it to go away, like… when you're alone." Did she really just ask me that? All I can do is stare at her, dumbfounded. She turns to me, no longer looking at the wall to her right, and begins to speak again. "Show me," she requests quietly, looking down to the floor after she says it. "Stop fucking with me, Katniss. This is embarrassing enough as it is, all right?" I make to walk past her but she stands up to meet me before I can get past her. "I'm not," she says, looking me right in the eye. "Fucking with you, I mean." "Right," I say sarcastically, nodding. "I'll be the idiot again and show you, then you'll tell Madge tomorrow at school and then by lunch the entire school will know what a fool I am." "And I shouldn't be worried that you won't run and tell Finnick that I asked you to show me?" Katniss retorts, crossing her arms. "I'm just…" she purses her lips together, as though she is choosing her words very carefully. "I'm curious, that's all." She looks at me, clearly noticing the unconvinced expression on my face. "And I'm serious." I should trust her, she is my best friend, but I just can't do it. I feel like the minute I make a move to show her she will start laughing in my face. I move to the side and brush past her, not looking back to her when she calls after me. I just need a few minutes alone to calm down, then we can do our homework, and she can go home. I slam my bedroom door and begin to pace while I try to clear Katniss from my mind, but every time I feel like I'm getting somewhere, I just see that look on her face again when she told me she was serious. She wasn't looking away, she wasn't looking down – she was looking right into my eyes. Maybe she was serious. I can tell when she's lying. She never looks into my eyes when she's trying to lie to me, why would she start now? Why does she want me to show her that? Does she even still want me to after the way I stormed out of the living room? Is she even still here? I'll go back out there and see if she's still here - I hope she's still here. I hope she still wants to do this. Who knows if I'll ever have this opportunity again? What was I thinking by walking away from her like that? To be on the safe side, I reach between my mattress and box spring and pull out the bottle of lube I keep hidden there, shoving it into the pocket of my sweatpants before I pull the door