A/N: This story is dedicated to iwantyoumellark. After Catching Fire was released, we both talked at length about the scenes where Katniss and Peeta were sleeping together. In the midst of that, this story was born. Thank you for trusting me to write this, P. I hope you like it! Special thanks to ichooseupeetachu for pre-reading (several times lol), and helping me make this as best as I could! Come talk to me on Tumblr. I'm mellarksloaves. Peeta told me to watch the shadows. They leak in through the window as the train speeds toward its next destination, dancing across the floor and rising up like vines. They cover the bed sheets in blotted darkness that never stays long. Just as quickly as they sprouted, they slip away. He said if I kept watching them, I may be able to fall asleep. It'd be like counting sheep you could actually see, yet sleep still hasn't come. I'm still watching the silhouettes twist and turn at impossible speeds while Peeta sleeps next to me. I press the side of my face into the pillow and focus on the slow rise and fall of his chest. It was never a question where Peeta would be sleeping for the rest of the tour. Since he ran in here that first night and climbed into bed with me, I can't imagine it any other way. Now, the robe he'd been keeping tightly wrapped around his body like armor is now draped over the end of the bed like it belongs there - like he belongs here. The covers he was initially reluctant to slip under are pulled up to his stomach, and his arm rests snugly under the back of his head. However, his face hardly looks content. With his jaw clenched and eyebrows knit tightly, he looks like he's in pain. And all the while, the shadows never stop. They drift across Peeta's sleeping form and up to his face, drowning the troubled expression with their darkness and then vanishing without a trace before I can blink. Peeta grimaces again, but doesn't make a sound. And then I'm reaching for him and rest my hand in the middle of his chest. Immediately, I feel the rapid and heavy beating of his heart against my palm and I know right away that he's trapped in a place where I can't reach him. I try to shake him awake, but his face screws up even tighter, and his breathing becomes erratic - a far cry from the shallow, rhythmic breaths he had been taking just minutes ago. I'm reminded of our first night in this bed when I was trapped in a place in my mind so dark, so dismal that even my screams couldn't bring me back to reality. I remember the way Peeta touched me that night. Gently, carefully, and just enough to affirm that nothing was going to hurt me. Just enough so that I felt safe. He needs that same safety, now. My body seems to move without thought, closer and closer to Peeta until I'm able to curl up right at his side and rest my head on his shoulder. As I whisper his name into his ear over and over, trying to bring him back from his nightmare, my hand finds his face and the tips of my fingers begin to trace every crease from every wince. Slowly, the anxious tension in Peeta's body begins to melt away and as his breathing evens out again, he pulls his arm up from between us and wraps it around me, pulling me closer still. There isn't an inch of our bodies that aren't touching, now. While I settle into Peeta's embrace, my eyes travel over his face. The relaxed expression that I see is such a relief, that I can't help but rise up just enough to press a light kiss to his mouth. This causes him to stir. Finally, his eyes open and he blinks twice while he turns on his side to face me. Another protective arm wraps around my body and both hands come to rest on the small of my back. Peeta says nothing, but his eyes are locked on mine so fiercely, I feel a shiver run through my body. We're close. So close that I wouldn't have to move my head very far to kiss him again. Peeta isn't the only one surprised when that's exactly what I do. This time, rather than pulling away before Peeta has a chance to respond, I let him. I feel his lips press back against mine, trapping my bottom lip between his. It's been a long time since we've shared a kiss with this level of intensity. Maybe not since the cave. I don't want to stop. Not even when Peeta's hands begin to travel up and down my back, dipping lower with each pass until his fingers just graze the top of my ass. Even as I force myself to pull away, my cheeks warm and flushed, Peeta's gaze hasn't changed. The half-lidded expression bores into me and I feel a sense of insatiability under his scrutiny. The only thing I can do is bury my face into his chest for the rest of the night, hoping that this feeling will go away. But the next night, as the darkness takes over the train and the shadows appear once more, our bodies seem to move of their own accord. There isn't an inch of space between our bodies; nothing that I tell myself seems to persuade me to keep my distance. We lie chest to chest, unmoving at first. But soon Peeta's hands begin the familiar back and forth motion from the night before. The soft tips of his fingers run across my back tenderly while he keeps his eyes locked on me. It's as though the lower his fingers travel across my body, the more he searches my face for disapproval that never comes. I can't find an explanation or the words to tell him, but I suddenly crave to feel his hands on me for more than just comfort. Instead of disapproval, I offer Peeta a surprisingly assertive nod that seems to urge his hands lower until they both rest, palms down, against my ass. He gives a gentle squeeze, evoking a high pitched yelp from me that shocks us both. Peeta loosens his grip, his eyebrows raised questioningly, apologetically, even. I realize quickly that he's mistaken my response for displeasure. Before I can talk myself out of it, I press my lips to his and hope he understands. But when his hands remain still against me, I know he's still unsure. "It's ok," I whisper, keeping my body pressed flush against his. "You can touch me." I watch Peeta's worried expression change. His eyes grow dark and I try to hold his gaze, but fail when I feel a rush of heat wash over me. I want him to know that I meant what I said. He can touch me; I want him to touch me. I bring a tentative hand up to his cheek and pull him into another kiss and when I finally feel his hand tighten and squeeze, any noise I make is silenced by his mouth. The combination of Peeta's hands gently kneading my ass and his lips planting delicate kisses against my mouth is thrilling in a way that it never has been before. And I know he feels it too, because when I open my mouth and feel his tongue slide across mine, it's him that shivers. As many times as I've kissed Peeta since I found him in the arena, we've never kissed like this before. Every time his tongue dips into my mouth and I taste the mint flavor of his toothpaste, the less willing I am to stop this. It's warm in a way it never has been before, too. That warmth burns through my body, heating me up in ways I don't dare think about right now. Ignoring every question I could be asking myself, I allow my body to take over. Without breaking away from Peeta's lips, I shift just enough so my hand can easily pull my nightgown up. It temporarily forces Peeta's hands off of me, but he's quick to bring them right back to where they were as soon as I've raised the garment high enough. When his hands settle, I feel them against the thin fabric of my underwear. And the sound that I make when I feel his fingers dig into my exposed skin can only be described as a moan. Peeta mutters a soft "Shh" against my lips, reminding me of how thin these walls on the train are. The last thing I want is for anyone to hear us. It's bad enough that everyone on this train is well aware of the nightmares. I don't want to give them anything else to talk about. I try to hold back. I try to silence myself with Peeta's lips, hoping that any noise that escapes will be swallowed by his mouth, but this only seems to increase the frequency of my cries due to the way the warmth of Peeta's tongue dipping into my mouth feels. It slides against my own in a pattern that quickly becomes familiar, and I find myself matching his advances with equal fervor. The high pitched sigh that slips out when he takes my bottom lip between his and begins to suck makes him pull away and stare at me with wide eyes. Peeta's next move is unexpected, but not unwelcome. With his grip on my ass even tighter than before, he pulls me toward him. My hips press into his and Peeta exhales loudly, a groan of his own escaping at the contact. I smile against his lips and attempt to tell him to stay quiet the same way he had shushed me just a minute ago, but the sound dies in my throat when Peeta pulls me into him again and I feel his erection against my hip. My first thought is to freeze and stop this before it goes any further. Yet, I don't. I can't. Rather than stopping this, I begin to push further, emulating the way Peeta pulled me into him. With each roll of my hips, I ensure that his erection presses against as much of me as possible. His hands never leave my ass. It's as though he's afraid that if he lets me go, I'll disappear. But I have no plans to leave this bed. Not when it feels like every nerve in my body is throbbing and alive. Every touch sends a jolt of electricity up and down my entire body, and every soft groan that slips from Peeta's lips when his arousal presses into my hip only seems to make the throbbing worse - especially between my legs. For the first time since we slipped into this bed together tonight, Peeta removes his hands from me completely, bringing them down between our bodies. The ache I feel without his hands on me is even worse than I remember, and I'm forced to pull away to look at him quizzically. "Have you ever thought about.." Peeta's voice catches. He clears his throat before continuing. "About where else you'd like being touched?" He asks the question in a whisper that's so low I can barely hear him. His eyes, half-lidded and dark, pore over my face while he waits for an answer. "No," I finally manage to say, offering nothing more. Peeta's lips crash into mine. He wastes no time pushing his tongue past my lips and I drink him in greedily in return. His hands return to my ass and his erection presses against me again. This time, Peeta angles his hips lower, slipping between my legs in such a way that his hardness rubs right against my core. I didn't think the throbbing