Every Wednesday evening was exactly the same for Peeta Mellark. The meeting room, white and sterile, played host to the dull, gray folding chairs that were arranged in their familiar circle, waiting for the rest of the group to fill them. The buzzing of the hanging fluorescent lights that were once an annoyance to Peeta had become soothing over time. A weekly reminder of how far he'd come since he first set foot in the arid meeting room in the basement of St. Malachi Center. It had been nine months since Peeta stumbled into the Wednesday evening Sex Addicts Anonymous meeting broken, weary, and wanting a change. The nameless faces of women and the fleeting moments they spent together at truck stops, dirty motel rooms, and even in the back of his car were beginning to haunt him. Peeta met Thom at his very first meeting and the two quickly formed a bond that resulted in Thom becoming Peeta's SAA sponsor. With Thom's guidance, Peeta was able to start looking beyond the demons that plagued him and toward his definition of sexual sobriety. "The meetings take place in this room every Wednesday at seven." Peeta tore his eyes away from the pamphlet in his hand when he heard Thom's voice. He wasn't used to anyone being there that early, not even Thom. Usually, he was the first one to show up at meetings, sometimes arriving up to forty five minutes before anyone else. The time alone helped him clear his thoughts and ready him to talk about his week. Thom wasn't alone. Trailing a short distance behind him was a woman that Peeta had never seen at St. Malachi Center before. She was small, just barely reaching Thom's shoulder when she fell into step next to him. Her olive skin matched Thom's, and her dark hair fell in waves over her shoulders as though she had kept it in a braid all day long. "Feel free to pick any seat you want," Thom said. "You're a little early, so it'll be a bit before everyone else arrives and we get started. Coffee and donuts are to your right." The woman looked around the room, her gray eyes rapidly darting from one empty chair to the next. "Thanks," she mumbled, sitting down in a chair directly across from Peeta. "Hey, Peeta!" "Thom," Peeta smiled, grabbing the man's hand and giving it a firm shake. "How's life?" "Can't complain," Thom shrugged. "But hey, next week is a big week for you, isn't it? Six months abstinent, right?" "That's right," Peeta confirmed. "Couldn't have done it without your help." "Hey, man, that's what I'm here for," Thom said, slapping Peeta on the shoulder. "I'm proud of you." The meeting room went quiet once Thom excused himself. Peeta tried everything he could to keep his focus on the pamphlet he still held in his hands, but the way the woman sitting across from him nervously bounced her legs on the ground was distracting. "Hi," Peeta said, finally giving up on trying to read. The woman's head snapped up and her eyes locked on Peeta's. "Hello," she replied, barely above a whisper. "First time here, huh?" Peeta asked. The woman nodded as she shifted in her chair uncomfortably. "Don't be nervous. We're all here for the same reason." XXXX "We have a new member joining us tonight, and she has decided to share her story with us," Thom said. He looked over to the woman who now sat completely still in her chair and smiled at her. "You can start whenever you're ready, and you can share as little or as much as you want. You don't even have to give us your real name if you don't want to." "Okay," the woman said, exhaling loudly. As she stood up, her eyes locked on Peeta's again and he gave her a friendly and encouraging smile. "My name is…" She paused and looked to Peeta. He kept his eyes locked on her and smiled again, waiting for her to proceed. "Katniss." "Why are you here, Katniss?" Thom asked gently. "I need help." Katniss's voice broke, and Peeta noticed the tears that gathered in the corners of her eyes. "I'm tired of ruining the lives of everyone that comes in contact with me. I have an addiction, and I need help to overcome it." Katniss went silent, bowing her head down to look at the ground while shifting her weight from one foot to the other. At first, Peeta thought she was finished, but she soon lifted her head back up and found Peeta's eyes again before clearing her throat. "I've been unfaithful in every relationship I've ever had," Katniss began. "I dated around and would pick one guy to keep around, but it wasn't because I wanted him there. I kept him around as a front - so people wouldn't start to question why I couldn't keep a boyfriend. They couldn't know that it's never the intimacy from a committed relationship that I crave. I crave the thrill of knowing I am going behind my boyfriend's back and fucking someone else." Katniss kept her eyes locked on Peeta as she spoke. Even if he wanted to, Peeta knew he couldn't look away from her. "Three years ago I tried to help myself by getting married. I foolishly let myself believe that if I had a ring on my finger that I would somehow not be compelled to seek out other men. It lasted two weeks before I was out looking for someone else. In the two years that I was married, I got my thrills by juggling three, sometimes four men at once. It was even better if I could find a guy that could make me come in a broom closet ninety feet away from my husband. "After we divorced, I felt relief instead of sadness. I was free! I got rid of all three men I was seeing at that time and started all over again. But then two weeks ago I was confronted by the wife of one of the men I was seeing. She brought her children with her and asked me if I realized that the affair had ruined her entire family and I guess at that moment I suddenly realized how destructive my behavior was and that what I did had an impact on everyone, not just me. I finally admitted to myself that I'm a sex addict." Without taking her eyes off of Peeta, Katniss sat back down in her chair, indicating that she was finished. "Thank you for sharing your story with us, Katniss," Thom said. "The more meetings you attend the more familiar the faces around you will become. These people are your support system. Your first line of contact when you need help. Never be afraid to ask for our help." The rest of the meeting proceeded as normal. Some members shared their successes for the week while others shared moments that they gave in to temptation. Peeta was a quiet observer that week, spending most of the session looking across the room at Katniss. Every time he looked, her eyes were already trained on him and his eyes would flit away quickly to look down at that week's literature. After the meeting, Peeta stood outside talking to Thom and a few other members as he waited for the cab to show up that would take him home. Even though he was usually the first to arrive he was often the last one to leave. Once everyone else had left for home, he pulled his iPhone from his pocket and started scrolling through his Facebook feed to pass the time. "Hey." "Oh, hey," Peeta said, turning to see Katniss. "How do you feel after your first meeting?" "Not bad," Katniss said, taking a deep, cleansing breath. "Thanks for unwittingly agreeing to be be my focal point while I talked. It helped ease my nerves a little." "No problem," Peeta laughed, noticing they were the only ones left outside. "Are you waiting for a cab, too?" "Oh, no," Katniss shook her head. "I'm parked down around the corner." "That far away? Let me walk you to your car," Peeta said. He knew he was overstepping his boundaries by suggesting it, but the area outside of St. Malachi Center was known for robberies and car theft. It was always better to walk in pairs. "You don't have to do that," Katniss insisted. "I'll be standing around waiting for my cab for at least twenty more minutes," Peeta explained. "There are only so many Facebook statuses I can read before it becomes boring." "Well," Katniss said. "I'll allow it." As they began walking up the street side by side, Peeta was at a loss for words and found himself saying the first thing that came to him mind, "So, is your name really Katniss?" He blurted out. "I'm sorry!" he quickly added. "I shouldn't have asked you that." "It's fine," Katniss assured him. "That's my name. What about you? I heard Thom called you Peter or something. Is that your name or is it an alias?" "Peeta - and yes, that's my real name." "Peeta," Katniss repeated. "Well, it's nice to meet you, Peeta." "Likewise." They continued to walk up the dark street toward Katniss's car, conversation not coming easily. "If I ask you a question, Peeta, will you be honest with me?" Katniss eventually said, breaking their silence. "I think I can do that," Peeta nodded. "Do these meetings really help?" Katniss asked. "The meetings are only part of it," Peeta said. "If you really want this to work you have to fully commit yourself to recovering. Showing up for an hour long meeting once a week isn't going to do it." "Did you make any mistakes when you first started?" "Sure," Peeta said. "Right after my first meeting I went to the bar, found a woman, and we had sex in my car, right in the parking lot. I did that for weeks before Thom became my sponsor. Why? Did something happen?" "No." Katniss shook her head. "But I still feel like I always have. The urges haven't lessened, at all. In fact, it feels like they are worse right now. Is that normal?" Katniss asked. "I'm not fucking up?" "It's normal, yes," Peeta said. "If that's what you want to call it. The compulsion won't go away with one meeting. Don't be so hard on yourself." "I just can't shake that need," Katniss said, stopping in front of a small sedan. "I don't know how it is for you. But for me, I get so consumed with the idea of getting off that I feel like I can't breathe until I come." "What about doing it yourself?" Peeta suggested. He knew it was a weak question. If anyone had suggested the same to him when he first joined the group, he would've laughed at them. Katniss had probably tried it hundreds of times before. Once the question was out of his mouth, thoughts of Katniss touching herself filled Peeta's mind. He looked down at her fingers and thought of her using them to explore her body. His own body was beginning to respond to the vision in his head of Katniss with her fingers buried between her folds as she teased herself and rubbed her clit. What the hell was happening? "It's not the same," Katniss said, shaking her head. "My touch can't even begin to compare to a warm pair of hands gripping my hips, or running up and down my back while I'm bent over." "Yeah.." Peeta flexed his hands. He could almost feel them palming Katniss's hips. Almost see her arching her back up and swirling her hips as he thrust into her. "I've tried using my fingers, toys, anything I could get my hands on, but none of them have ever made me come harder than knowing that another human was working