Chapter One: Poisoned Apple The day Voldemort saw Harry for the first time, he was inspired. And not only he, the whole school was impressed by the sheer beauty that the boy had. His eyes could look directly in someone's soul, knowing your darkest deepest secret that you want to hide from everyone. His long black hair was smooth and fell over his shoulders gracefully, his skin white as paper and oh... His lips... How kissable they looked. And his body, build like a female model, thin and perfect. He was basically the male version of Snow White, a Muggle fairytail. A stupid one, in his eyes. But this boy perfectly has the same facial characteristics that were used in the tale. Skin white as snow, lips red as blood, and hair black as ebony. Oh, how he wanted to have this boy in his grasp, making him one of his possessions, his biggest treasure. But no, right now he was to weak. But he will seek him out, capture him and protect him from the whole world. He wasn't strong enough right now. Now he was something that he himself doesn't know, a wraith or something similar to it. He was stuck at Quirell's head, not having the power to have a body on his own. Sometimes he was strong enough to possess the fool for some time, but he barely possessed him, not wanting to waste his strength away. A weak spirit. But that will change. And until the moment where he was strong enough to hold his own against Dumbledore, his beautiful creature, his boy, will be protected by that old man. Oh, he couldn't wait. He wanted to have the boy, and what he wants to have, he shall get. Dumbledore will never know what had hit him. Harry Potter was androgynous. A boy with characteristics of males and females. Thanks to his relatives, his aunt, uncle and cousin, he was malnourished. Always working at the Dursley's got him a rather fit body, but without the needed nutrition his muscles didn't build. He was rather small for an eleven year old boy, looking as if he was nine. It was a punishment he endured without complaining, he didn't listen to them when it came to his academics after all. They wanted to have the perfect son, good at school with manners like a gentleman. But no. They got a bully without good grades. Only his surname saved him more than one time from being expelled, but after three warnings to Dudley without a change, they stopped all their efforts in protecting the students. Especially if they could protect all students from Dudley in sacrificing one, Harry James Potter. And even if Dudley tormented him, Harry was still better in class then him, being on the top without really learning. Having an eidetic memory has it's benefits and Harry used it. Why wouldn't he? He was invited to a school for the rich people, saying all his costs will be payed from the school personally, so he took his chance. Leaving primary school at the age of eight and going to a famous boarding school was his revenge for his treatment from his relatives. He was better than Dudley. Having the gentleness of a flower, the mind of a gifted boy, the gracefulness from a noble family and the beauty of a crystal, it was no wonder that many people envied him. He was lucky that he learned how to see through mask of people, since if he hadn't, he would be raped, kidnapped and held as a prisoner more than once. He literally could hear their thoughts running through them, giving him an advantage that he didn't waste. It was for his protection after all. So when he stepped into the great hall and his head was boarded with the thoughts of students in puberty, his interest was peaked when he meet three persons which thoughts he couldn't read. A man with black hair and black eyes, another man with a turban on his head and an old man, which he recognized as Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore from a chocolate frog card. Harry really wanted to know why he couldn't read their thoughts, but didn't question them. He will find it out, there was a library in the school after all, and he wanted to be there as long as possible, wanting to learn everything from the wizarding world. And since he was a wizard, than his talent in reading thoughts and having the power to dig through everyone's head must be a power used in this new world. It was funny to see the reaction of his fellow year-mates when they saw an old ruddy hat in the great hall, waiting for them to step in front of him. Having heard the thoughts of the older students gave him an advantage, he knows how the sorting is working before he even saw the hat. Listening to it singing, he asked himself in which house he would end up. He didn't want to be in Hufflepuff, since he surely didn't want to have friends which will follow him every step that he will take. Maybe Ravenclaw? He did have an eidetic or photografic memory, knowing things with only one look at a sheet. Slytherin perhaps? He read the mind of his opponents, digging out their darkest secret and using it against them. But knowing from the boy, Ron Weasley, landing there would made him only suspicious and he wouldn't have the freedom that he would have get if he was in one of the other three houses. He was celebrated in this world, seen as their hero, so landing in a house where, according to Ron and Hagrid, all wizard and witches went Dark, would only give him the reputation of being the next Dark Lord or the next right hand man of the Dark Lord or a reputation of an important follower of the future dark Lord. And Gryffindor? He didn't want to be in the same house as this Ron, a stupid and poor excuse for a wizard, not knowing what spells are and in which language they were. Someone only needed to lock at the curses and charms that were listened in the school-books and an idiot should realise that the incantations are in Latin, the mother-language of Europe. And boy, how the redhead was eating his sweets! Eating and talking at the same time, was he stupid? Didn't his parents teached him some manners? Harry watched as Draco Malfoy was sorted in Slytherin, Hermione Granger in Gryffindor and Neville Longbottom in the same house as Granger. " Harry James Potter! ", called the stern witch and looked over the parchment. Harry walked forward, confident in his steps. Sitting down on the stool, he waited until his head was covered with the hat, his eyes closed and he couldn't see a thing anymore. ' Well, that's interesting, young one. You would do well in Slytherin. ' ' So you can read through my mind like I can through the others? ', questioned Harry in his thoughts. It did made sense. How else can the hat sort them if he didn't know their characteristics? ' You would also do well in Ravenclaw. But Slytherin is definitely more fit for you, little one. You are cunning and shrewd. You do have the characteristics that Salazar Slytherin favoured in his students. You are the second one who would be perfect for that house after so many years... Salazar would kill me if I don't place you in his house... ' ' Well, you do realize that if you place me there, I will be watched like a criminal? ' ' Yes, that surely would happen... Better be... ' ' Oh, wait. Do me a favour and don't put Ronald Weasley in the house that I will be in, okay? ' " Ravenclaw! " Harry went to his table and left the hat on the stool. Then he watched where the others we're sorted, and the hat placed Ronald in Gryffindor. Harry sighed. Now, his real life started. And he will show them all of what he is made of. Severus Snape is a man that can't be really surprised. He prided himself with the fact of a perfect mask and good acting skills. He was prepared for the day when Harry Potter, or Harry James Potter, stepped foot into Hogwarts, surely looking like his stupid father and thinking that everyone should bow to him. Thinking himself above everyone else. But when he meet the bright green eyes of Lily, his Lily, and a beautiful boy that did not look like his father, he thought that something must be wrong. Maybe he had overseen him, so he looked through the students. But when he stepped forward when his name was called, Snape's mask cracked. Boy, the boy was beautiful. Forbidden beautiful. He remembered a story that Lily once told him, a story of a princess with skin white as snow, lips red as blood and hair black as ebony. The description fitted Potter and Snape's suddenly had the wish in reading the story. He never thought about doing something so... mundane as reading a muggle book. Watching the boy being sorted into Ravenclaw was the next shock. He, like every other staff member, had thought that the blasted boy would be sorted into Gryffindor. Seeing him in Ravenclaw, where Lily once could have been since the hat asked her if she wanted to be a Ravenclaw or Gryffindor, was the next shock. He didn't looked like a carbon copy of his enemy James Potter, no. He had the eyes of Lily, the characteristics of her face... So many things that let him remember of the old day's. This will be a hard school year. The only good thing that came out of Potter's sorting was the reaction of the Headmaster and the staff. Everyone was shocked, gaping like fishes. Never was a Potter in Ravenclaw, they we're literally born Gryffindor's, mostly. The school year started officially on the next day and Harry enjoyed it. So much to learn and such a big library, he was in heaven. Well, mostly. One Ronald Weasley was stalking him and Harry wasn't really happy. Reading his mind told him that the boy wanted to be his friend, a fast way to be famous. So Harry ignored him, often letting Ron humiliate himself in public. Harry was the best student, on the same level as someone called Tom Riddle had once been, 50 years ago, and Harry enjoyed it. He was better in school than Albus Dumbledore, the strongest wizard of this century, on par with Voldemort. He also liked seeing the reaction of Granger. She was fuming every time he beat her in class. The Ravenclaw's were proud, he got them ten points a day, a fast way to get ahead of the other's. Even Severus Snape gave him points after he answered questions that were only learned in third year and not in his first. The Huffleluff's were neutral, they didn't get the house-cup in a long time, and seeing Harry Potter gaining points in rapid steps discouraged them. The Gryffindor's we're furious. Harry was a Potter, he should have been in Gryffindor, gaining them points and not some ravens that thought of themselves above everyone. The Slytherin's were annoyed. They got the house-cup in the last years every time, and now they will lose it?! Hell no, something must be done immediately before the gap between them and the Ravenclaw's were too much. Harry, already knowing their plans, knew what he needed to do so that their plans will never come true. He also made the Slytherin's submit to him, not wanting to get caught in their schemes again. Harry made his first friend in Hermione Granger, a muggleborn student of Gryffindor. Even though they didn't like the