Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight for nothin'. Three years later... Revised and hopefully better than it was before! "I wanna fly, I wanna drive, I wanna go I wanna be a part of something I don't know And if you try to hold me back, I might explode Baby, by now you should know I can't be tamed." Can't Be Tamed by Miley Cyrus 2:00 AM I stretched my arms above my head as a yawn ripped through me; my blanket bundled around my legs. As I jumped off the bed, my feet made a thud on the cold and spotless hardwood floor. "Crap." I winced. If I wanted to execute this perfectly, then I couldn't make a sound. They had to think that I was sound asleep. I open my closet and change into my escape clothes – black leather pants, black leather jacket, and my black Luoboutin stilettos - and immediately felt like some sort of sexy Michelle Pfeiffer badass wannabe. I ordered this outfit online entirely for this event. Practical, I know. After I changed, I slowly cracked open my door and peeked my head out. I checked right, then left. Coast looks clear… I thought to myself, but I knew better. 'Big Brother' is always watching, even when you think you see him leave for lunch, he's always fucking there. I wasn't too worried about the security cameras littering the corners of the hallway, I've been studying them in my spare time for the past week and I'm pretty sure I've got them figured out. Every ten seconds they switch, so if I timed this perfectly then I've got a good shot at making it to freedom. Ironic, really, that I'm planning this elaborate escape from what I deem as my own personal prison in what is known as the capital of the Land of the Free... I grabbed my bag with clothes and money, and set the timer on my iPhone to ten seconds. I then scurried out my door and ran directly under the first camera, waited ten seconds, and hurried as fast as my Luoboutin's would allow until I was out of sight from the next camera. I continued this way all the way down the main corridor on the second floor until I came to the grand staircase. This was going to be a challenge. I had to make it to the bottom of the staircase and around the corner before the ten seconds were up. I was already regretting my shoe choice. I sucked in a deep breath and when the stopwatch on my phone hit zero I flung myself down the elaborately decorated staircase, trying to be as quiet as I possibly could and nearly breaking my ankle in the process. By the time I reached the bottom of the stairs and around the corner I was a panting mess, but I was a elated because I actually managed to make it. I felt confident that I might actually make it out of this God forsaken fortress without being seen by the Suits. I slid along the dark hallway and entered the lifeless kitchen that is usually bustling with activity. I'm actually going to make it, I thought excitedly. I strode confidently across the kitchen and to the staff exit on the other side of the large room. I typed the passcode into the security pad, and then after the light above the keys turned green, I slowly and quietly opened the door and once again poked my head out. I couldn't see anyone. Fate must be on my side tonight; this place is usually riddled with men in black suits, black Ray Bans, and ear pieces. I ran faster than ever towards the old 1957 Porsche Speedster 1600 that my dad has been restoring. She's beautiful with her white shiny coat of paint and red interior. It wasn't very inconspicuous for a getaway car, but she was fast and it would piss my dad off even more if I took her. After tossing my bag in the backseat I hopped in. I shoved the keys into the ignition and sped off toward the big gate grinning like a madman. So close… I thought, so close to freedom! I reached the gate and leaned over the edge of the car to punch in the code that opens the door to my liberty. As the gates inched open I gave a tiny squeal. I felt like I could breathe for the first time. Free at last! I sped down the street, away from my former prison. I laughed giddily and thought for a second that I may be going crazy, but chose to ignore it. I couldn't help the odd feeling of being out alone without security personnel breathing down my neck... It felt amazing! After basking in the wonderful moment, I began thinking about my father and stepmother. My father, Charles Swan (i.e. Mr. President), is really a good man and I hate the thought of running away from him, but I can't stand being America's Sweetheart much longer. I'm going insane! Not to mention my psychotic stepmom, Sue, is a raging bitch. So that's why I'm here in the Porsche, speeding down a dark street going Lord knows where. Where am I going? Suddenly, I didn't recognize the street I was on, the streetlamps were out, it was pitch black, and I was getting very nervous very fast. I squinted my eyes trying to look at a street sign when the car suddenly gave a hard jerk to the right. The car began to swerve and I was about to let Jesus take the wheel when the vehicle slammed into a fucking fire hydrant. The impacts caused my head to snap back a little, causing me to wince in pain. My car sputtered a couple of times before completely shutting off. "Fucking A." I grumbled before thumping my forehead on the steering wheel a couple of times. Great escape, Bella. Talk about a depressing getaway. I believe this is what common people call a 'fail'. As I raise my head and take in my surroundings I realize I'm not in the best part of town. There's a parking lot in front of me with several seedy looking shops and businesses. There's a small pub to the left, a Wu's Nail Salon next to that, then what appeared to be a tattoo shop named Skull Studios, and at the end there was a suspicious place called Pleasure Palace. I didn't even want to speculate that one. The nail salon was closed, and the pub with the bikers out front looked a little scary to be honest, so I shoved the dented door of my Porsche open and slowly started to walk toward Skull Studios. I figured it was my best bet to try and get some help since there's no way in hell that I'm going to Pleasure Palace. I was even surprised a tattoo parlor was open at two o'clock in the morning. Then I thought, what the hell do I know about tattoo shops? Nada. So I left it at that. As I reached closer I noticed that the windows were pitched black and I couldn't see inside except for the fluorescent sign on the outside advertising that they were indeed open. I was a still a bit tentative as I reached toward the door and slowly pulled it open with wide eyes. The inside was breathtaking, nothing like the outside. It was all vintage looking with old signs on the dark black walls, and deep colored furniture. It was all very cozy in an edgy kind of way. There was a front desk with a couple of display boxes in front showing different pieces they've done. I observed them as I walked toward the desk and noticed a very beautiful piece that covered a woman's arm. It was simple yet intricate with flowers and words and colors weaving in and out of each other. "Can I help you?" A beautiful blonde asked me with boredom in her tone. She had her nose pierced and snake bites and she only had a few tattoos. She didn't look that much older than me. As I was about to answer there was a rather loud yelp that came from behind a closed dark purple curtain. My eyes might have widened a bit as I realized I probably should have stayed in the car. The girl chuckled, "Piercing room." She explained, "Now can I help you with something, Sweetie?" She asked a bit nicer this time. I think she realized I was about to shit my pants. "Umm.. C-car.." I mumbled stupidly. She raised a sculpted brow at me, her blue eyes standing out against the mass of black eyeliner. "Car?" She asked like I was stupid, "What about a car…?" "M-my car… It's -" I was cut off by another yelp and I gulped loudly. The girl chuckled again. "Are you having car troubles or somethin'?" She questioned, her mouth turning up a bit at the corners. "Because I'm guessing you didn't come here to get tatted or pierced." I took a calming breath. It's just a tattoo shop, not a torture chamber. Stop being a baby! Nobody's going to hurt you… After my little pep-talk to myself I cleared my throat and spoke, "Yes, I crashed my car into a fire hydrant…" I announced, realizing how stupid that sounded after I said it aloud. She snorted, "A fire hydrant? Nice." She was smiling now, "Do you need a phone? 911? Anything?" As I was about to answer, I was interrupted again. My annoyance flared at the prospect of being interrupted. Don't they know who I am? A young woman came out from behind the dark purple curtain touching her lip where there were obviously new snake bites on her bottom lip. Behind her a tall man with a mess of rusty brown hair stepped out. He was covered in tattoos, but not in an unattractive kind of way. All that could be seen was a sleeve on each arm and a few on his neck, the rest was covered with a tight grey V-neck, black pants that hung low on his hips, and red chucks. To say the least, he looked incredibly appetizing. I wouldn't mind trying a piece of that honey butter biscuit... I involuntarily licked my lips. His green eyes met mine and his eyes widened a bit before turning back toward the girl he came out of the back room with. He began quietly talking to her and I turned back to the girl behind the desk. "No... I don't know what to do." I said honestly, thinking for the first time that maybe my plan to runaway was stupid. She smiled a bit at me, "Well do you live here? Or do you need a hotel?" She asked, turning toward her computer and clicking on the mouse some. Well, I could lie and say that I don't live here but I can't get a hotel because I'm not twenty one. She noticed my hesitation and raised both of her eyebrows. "Well?" She asked. Green eyes looked over at her, then at me. I hadn't noticed his client had left. "What's going on?" He asked in the most attractive voice I'd ever heard. It was soft and melodic, caressing my skin like a kiss. I felt myself relax as I looked at him and all of his gloriousness. This man was seriously gorgeous. "Well, this chick here…" She trailed off, wanting my name. "Bella." I replied shortly. "This chick, Bella , crashed her car into a fire hydrant, and now she doesn't know what to do." She said looking up at him, obviously thinking that I'm an idiot. His eyebrows furrowed and he looked at me, checking me over, looking for injuries I suppose. "Are you alright?" He asked with concern. I smiled at bit at