I was so, SO tempted to call this story "The Lure," but after "The Pet" and "The War" I decided I needed to up my title game. Here be the wee little prologue to give people a taste of what this story is about. You probably thought I wouldn't get this far, You thought I'd end up in the back of a car. You probably thought that I'd never escape, I'd be a rat in a cage, I'd be a slave to this place… PROLOGUE It's pretty safe to say that today is not one of my favourite days of all time. I shrug in response to my captor's question, my one aching shoulder twinging fiercely with the effort. I can't quite squash the hiss of pain that gusts through my teeth or the cringe that curves my spine. The blonde man - er, man-pire, I guess - looks concerned, his perfect brows knitting together. I feel a small bud of hope pop open in the pit of my chest. Concern is good – I can work with concern. If he really is a doctor like he says he is, then he should have some drugs stashed away. The medicinal kind, anyway. I sure wouldn't say no to a dose of morphine right now. I'm feeling all weird and woozy. Not to mention worried as hell. I've been gone for over twenty four hours now. The last time that happened, Anton was angry. Bite-worthy angry. "Is your shoulder still in pain?" The man asks, his voice low. It's kind of soothing. I'm not used to people talking softly. I go for another nonchalant shrug before thinking the better of it. "Well, yeah. Getting hit by a car tends to do that to you." My tone is ruder than I intended, but given that I've been kidnapped once a-fucking-gain, I'm not in the nicest of moods. However, the doctor – Carlisle, or so I've been told - decides to overlook it, instead offering me a half-sympathetic, half-guilty smile. He would want to be fucking guilty, given that he's the one that hit me and all. Still, he can't take all the credit. I was the one that went barrelling out behind his car while he was reversing. Not on purpose, though. I'm long since over that shit. Even hyped-up vampy senses couldn't have stopped him from sending me sprawling. According to that bulky vampire with the blonde girlfriend, I'm lucky that this Carlisle drives like a grandmother. "You…uh…" I feel awkward asking, though I don't know why, given that I never really feel any shame. Maybe it's the fact that every corner of this house is just so fucking fancy that it made my teeth hurt to look at it and I doubt very much that they're accustomed to having white-trash junkie teenagers mussing up their bed linen. "You got any pills? Y'know, stuff for pain, or whatever?" I tack on the 'whatever' both to seem casual and to leave the opportunity for medical pot open. Frickin' genius, really. Carlisle's smile doesn't dampen. "I'm afraid not. We don't really have much need for medication in this house." I visibly deflate, sinking into my seat with a sigh. This is so fucked up. I'm away from home yet simultaneously under house arrest, my shoulder's all fucked up and I'm one hundred percent stone-cold sober. My life has reached a low that I never imagined reachable, and that is truly saying something. "How long have you known about vampires?" Carlisle asks. I have a sneaking suspicion that this little chat we're having is more about gathering intel for the incoming gestapo than any actual curiosity. I fight a scowl, remembering that these people are the ones feeding me and I'd very much like to stay fed. "Dunno. 'Bout four years or so." I fidget in my seat, suddenly highly uncomfortable. I'm none too pleased with this whole delving-into-my-skeleton-filled-closet portion of my stay. I miss Esme and her pancakes. "And you were with this other coven the entire time?" I nod, only because it doesn't hurt as much as shrugging. "And…before that?" I feel a sudden clenching sensation low in my stomach. The ache remains as I straighten out of my slouch, trying hard to keep my much-practiced poker face in place. My heart – that fucking traitor – is the one to give me away, its pace quickening to a steady sprint as moisture slicks my palms. "Well, I don't believe that's any of your business, now is it?" Carlisle has the decency to drop his gaze. Speaking to a frame on his office table, he apologises. "I'm sorry, it's just the more we know, the more we can help you." The ache in my midsection turns colder. "I doubt that." Carlisle looks like he wants to say something, his forehead all creased and his eyes all soulful and concerned. I hate it. I kind of hate it a lot. Pity isn't something I've ever wanted, not from anyone. Particularly not from any high-end vampires with fancy rides and a house straight out of some vintage version of MTV. Lucky for me, Carlisle's next spiel is interrupted before it begins by a rapping on his door. "Yes?" The door swings open and in its place stands one of the many, many vampires I've found myself surrounded by. There are absolutely millions. "Carlisle." Well, perhaps not millions , but pretty damn close. Certainly a fuck lot more than I'm accustomed to. According to Anton a coven of four is big enough. Right now, in this house, there are nine, plus some werewolves – naturally – and a kid that is a vampire but also isn't. I didn't pay attention to the technicalities when they were explained to me. All I know is that I am in way over my head and I'd like to leave as soon as humanely possible. "Carlisle, Alice says five minutes. Eleazar was right – there are a lot of them." And, apparently, there are about to be a great deal many more people of the undead variety for me to deal with. Jesus tapdancing Christ, what a bad time to be claustrophobic. Some strange expression flickers across Carlisle's face. One of the offspring at the door – a lanky boy a little older than me in rather dire need of a comb – grimaces. The other – the joker's pretty blonde girlfriend – looks nothing short of livid. It's not all that intimidating, but it sure isn't encouraging, either. After a few beats of silence, the boy speaks. "We need to get ready." Carlisle nods, rising slowly as if it takes effort. "Yes, of course. Have everyone converge in the dining room. There's…more room there." He sighs in such a way that I almost feel a smidge of pity for him. Almost. Just a smidge. Not quite. "Veronica-" And the usual ferocious passion that flares up in hatred of my name prompts the practiced: "Veronica was my grandmother. I'm Ronnie." "Right, of course, my apologies." Funnily enough, of all the things he should have been saying sorry for – hitting me with his car, stealing me away from my coven, holding me hostage in his fucking mini-mansion and calling the fucking vampire cops on me, no less – this is the first apology I've gotten. Another silence falls as Carlisle and Combless stare at each other. They do that a lot. The silence makes me nervous, and I reach up and begin twiddling with my nose piercing. It's not the most attractive habit in the world, I'm aware, but God damn it, it brings me a little calm and I fucking well need a little calm right now. What kind of fucking doctor doesn't have medical marijuana on hand?! Certainly no kind of doctor I've ever come across. God, what I wouldn't give to be curled up under my blanket watching South Park reruns on our crappy TV. I'd even put up with Jesse's haughty, judgemental glaring. Makes it feel like home, I guess. "Ronnie, go with Edward. He'll brief you on what to do when the Volturi arrive." So, with much reluctance and another heaving sigh, I go with Edward. The blonde girl ducks into the office before he closes the door and gestures down the hall. I turn to follow after him, suddenly really fucking tired. And a little pissed. I mean, I know they're outnumbered and all, but seriously . When Anton finally comes for me, I shall be very sore with him indeed. "Carlisle, I don't like her chances." I jerk to a stop not two steps away from the door, heart beginning to thrum faster under my sternum. "You know the Volturi have it out for us. They'll probably kill her out of sheer spite." Another classic Carlisle sigh. "I know. But we can't not try , Rosalie. There's a life at stake. She's so young." "I know, Carlisle. Really, I do. This whole thing absolutely sucks. But we have to think of our family, too. No way the Volturi are going to let this pass!" I tense all over. Edward, still beside me, freezes too. My heart hits out at my ribs, harder and harder. "Come on," Edward says, indicating the stairs at the end of the hallway with a twitch of his unruly head. He sounds awkward – as if he's the one being listened in on. "We've still got some prep work to do." vVv "You don't have to do anything," Esme says, smoothing my hair out. I can't say I approve of all this petting, but I keep my mouth shut. If a little manhandling is what these people want in return for vouching for me against the vampire world's resident Gestapo, then so fucking be it. "Let us do the talking. They'll ask you a few questions, I imagine, so try to be…" Esme trails off, a set of flawless teeth pinching down on her lower lip. "Tactful," Alice supplies. In other words: keep my smart mouth shut until absolutely and completely necessary. I can dig that. I don't wanna die. At the very least, I wanna live long enough to chew Jesse out over losing me like that. Fucking prick. I shift uncomfortably at the edge of the rock-hard sofa. Vampires don't care much for comfort. This was made excruciatingly obvious by the nifty little outfit they stuffed me into. When I first arrived, I'd been wearing my luring clothes: a little skirt, knee-high socks, buckle-over heels and a tiny, clingy, low-slung sweater. The Cullens were appalled. Now I'm in this weird silky shirt and a pencil skirt, complete with soft pumps and pantyhose, for fuck sakes. Alice scrubbed my hair out with this salon-quality shampoo and left it all soft. It's been scooped back into a tight bun, which I find highly uncomfortable, but any time I've even thought about reaching to loosen it or whip a few strands free, Alice has smacked my hand straight back into my lap. "You have to make the right impression ," she insists. In more other words: try and look like a proper, functional human being rather than a druggie slut with too much information. I can't say I blame these vampires for wanting to switch up my regular look, but that doesn't mean I have to like it one smidgen of a bit. I scowl at the pale blue nail polish on my recently clipped nails, different from my usual black or red. I disapprove. Hugely. One of the huge, dark-skinned men shrugs closer to Edward, leaning in for a conspiritory chitchat, but no words are spoken as I watch them out of the corner of my eye. After a moment, Edward gives a harsh, tired sigh. "Fight?" He replies, his voice dripping with something acidic. "More like beg. Grovel, actually. They'll enjoy a bit of grovelling." "Great," the biggest vampire, Emmett, grumbles, rubbing his hands over his face