Greetings readers! First of all thank you for giving my poor story description and title a chance and taking the time to click on the link to my story. This is my first story ever and I have worked fairly hard on it. That being said, I am neither perfect nor a professional writer, I'm not even pursuing writing for my future, so I ask you forgive any mistakes (grammar, spelling, etc.) that I may make along the way. For those who care about these things, this story is more than halfway finished and I plan to update regularly at a whopping once a week (maybe earlier if I get feedback!). So without further ado, here is my attempt at fanfiction and a story that pairs two unlikely characters. I welcome any and all comments, questions, concerns, and constructive criticism to this story and anything Harry Potter related. Regrettably, I am not JK Rowling and neither own the characters in this story nor am I making a profit in any way off this story. Hope you enjoy! oOo When Luna's father died, Remus was the one who came up them, the man in Luna's arms as she knelt upon the grass. The blood is bright red surrounding her right eye, contrasted against the transparent blue of her eyes and the paleness of her skin and hair. Lupin's heart goes genuinely out to her, knowing what it's like to have a loved one fade in his arms. He briefly recalls his once-twelve year old student, not easily forgotten with her unique character, her dreaminess a quality he had always found endearing about her. Lupin knelt before the Lovegoods, saying Luna's name quietly. "I can't do anything," Luna says it as a statement, though there is a tremble and rising panic in her voice. Lupin notices her bloody hand shaking over her father's chest as her eyes well with silent tears, searching his face as if for help or a solution. "I'm sorry," is all Lupin can offer, wishing it was more, as Luna nods choking on a dry sob. "Come Luna, your injury, it needs to be looked at," Remus tells her gently but firmly. He knew there was nothing more that could be done for Xenophilius Lovegood. "But," Luna says quickly. "He will be well looked after," Remus assures her. He sees Luna's eyes dart briefly to Bill standing a respectable distance behind Lupin and then back down to her father for a long moment. Remus almost thinks she's going to ignore them before she looks up at him, nodding once. The tears finally fall from Luna's eyes and she closes them shut, leaning down to press her forehead against her father's, whispering quietly to him what Remus assumes to be final farewells. Remus has to look away, the scene too similar to one he's lived through himself, though he had not been nearly as composed or silent as Luna is now. When Remus hears Luna place a kiss on her father's skin he turns to her again to see her close Zenophilus' eyes gently with her thin fingers and carefully easing him from her lap, placing his head gently against the grass. Remus helped her up and allowed her to lean against him as they began their walk back to the others, Bill staying behind to look after Xenophilius' body. Luna's steps are heavy and slow as they move, her breathing uneven. Remus was just about to ask her if she needed a break when she let out another sob, her face contorting into one of clear emotional pain as she covered her mouth with one hand and the other to clutch at Remus' shirt as she lost strength in her legs. Remus' quick reflexes luckily caught the thin girl around the waist before she fell completely to the floor. It seemed that Luna's previous show of strength and composure was beginning to crumble as the poor girl struggled to breathe through the sobs wracking her small body. Again Remus felt his chest tighten at seeing his former student go through such pain. Remus knew from experience that there was nothing he could do for Luna but offer gentle support. There were no words that could offer her comfort so shortly after the death of her last family member, the memory and blood still too fresh. Before Remus could think through his actions, he had swooped down tucking one arm under her knees and the other around her upper body to carry her in his arms, offering her support quite literally. Luna for her part did not seem to mind or even notice what on any other occasion might have been strange and out of character behavior for her ex-professor who was usually so reserved and withholding with what could be considered physical displays of affection. Luna only turned to bury her face against the front of the older werewolf's coat as it was the nearest soft surface, a steady stream of tears flowing from her eyes and whimpers straying from her lips. Remus' stared at the girl solemnly, continuing on towards the rest of the Order with Luna Lovegood carried securely in his arms. He contemplated briefly on the slight weight of the young girl, a somewhat unfamiliar yet not unpleasant weight. It was a long walk back to the Burrow and Remis held Luna closer to his chest, secure in that he would not let her fall as he walked. Remus also ignored the thought in his mind reminding him that he was a wizard and more than capable of apparating, and used the extra time to instead focus on thoughts of the future and what would become of them all. oOo Luna closed her eyes and tried to visualize what it would be like to sleep underwater. She thought about what it might feel like to have water in her hair, making it flow around her face and upper body as she floated deep below the surface, the feeling of sea grass tickling her feet and the backs of her knee. She wondered if a few curious guppies might be brave enough to swim amongst her long hair or the folds of her clothes. She imagined sleeping deep in the depths of the ocean would lull her quickly to sleep, bubbles and distant whale songs accompanying her into dreamland. Merlin only knew nothing on land had helped her sleep well in months. It had been a difficult time as of late in Luna Lovegood's life. Everywhere around her people were hurting, only just beginning to heal. Luna had lived through pain before, years ago when her mother had died. Before a few months ago, it had been the most painful experience Luna had ever had. It had taken a long time for Luna to fully heal, but Luna had had her father at her side to offer her support and comfort, and the world was still beautiful and continued to spin on, waiting happily for Luna once she had healed. It was all different now of course, now that the war was over. So many had lost their lives during the final battle. While it was a miracle that Voldemort was finally dead, it was not without the sacrifice of many, leaving loved ones behind to mourn together. Despite it being a relief the Dark Lord was finally gone once and for all, with the wake of so much destruction left behind, it was difficult for many to focus on the good when there was yet so much bad to get through. Many had suffered as consequence to the war, high amongst them were the Weasley family who had been through so much, who had risked so much as being the pseudo-family of the Boy Who Lived. Luna had been living with the Weasley family all summer at the Burrow. It had felt like a good idea at first. After everything that had happened, Ginny Weasley had insisted that Luna stay with the red-headed brood, and Luna being touched by her friend's offer had accepted. That wasn't to say that Luna's stay at the Burrow had been all smiles as past summer's in another time might have been. The Burrow had been depressingly quiet the past couple of months as everyone was healing at their own pace from all that had happened. The Weasley family was still mourning the death of close friends such as Alastor Moody, Tonks, Dobby, Sirius, Dumbledore, and so many others, not to mention two beloved sons, Fred and Charlie Weasley. To say that the atmosphere at the Burrow was bleak would be an understatement. Ginny was crying for her brothers, particularly Fred to whom she had been close with, and trying not to let it bother her that Harry was rarely around or when he was, he was mostly quiet. Ron too was mourning his brothers but also exhausted from the year he had had Hurcrux hunting and seemed to be sleeping hours on overtime to make up for all the hours he'd lost while on the hunt. Hermione was preparing to go in search of her parents in Australia. Percy was wracked with guilt over his brother's death, and both Molly and George rarely left their rooms. Arthur Weasley meanwhile spent most of his time in the shed, and during the times Luna did see him, she immediately noticed his rounding shoulders, carrying the weight of his family taking its toll. On the rare occasion the family found something to smile about, the atmosphere would almost immediately revert back to a sad one now tinged with guilt, as if everyone thought it was much too soon to be laughing. While Luna could certainly empathize with the Weasley family and their sadness, she couldn't stand more than a couple hours of being around them. Luna felt like an intruder in their pain feeling their loss was mainly a family affair, but then she also felt like an outsider in their joy as she no longer had anyone to share it with. To be perfectly honest, Luna wasn't sure how much longer she could stand staying amongst the Weasleys, and she knew that something had to give if she wanted to hold onto her sanity, but Luna wasn't sure how to help herself. She hadn't been for what felt like a very long time. "Luna?" Luna opened her eyes to stare up into the scarred, albeit still ruggedly handsome face of Bill Weasley. "Hello Bill," Luna hoped that the small smile on her face was enough to ease the concerned frown on the older man's face, but apparently it seemed Bill was unconvinced as his expression did not change. "May I join you," the eldest Weasley asked. Luna thought it peculiar that someone would want to join her among the cabbage patch in the garden. Bill had never struck Luna as a particularly garden-inclined type of wizard. Bill easily made his way into the cabbage patch and took his seat amongst the soil next to Luna. He sighed as he sat and stayed silent a moment, looking out into the fields beyond where Luna was staring. For a moment, Luna thought he was going to grace her with his silent presence, but then he spoke, "They're driving you crazy aren't they?" Luna stared sharply at Bill with large eyes, though she couldn't hold his gaze for long. The guilt seeping into her chest made her look back at her lap with shame. She was once again reminded of how wrong it was of her to feel that way. The Weasley's had been nothing but kind and gracious to her the past few months, and here she was wishing she could get away to have some time to herself, preferring to be deep in the ocean with nothing but guppies for company when she had friends up here on land. "It's alright," Bill said with a brief chuckle before his voice turned solemn,