Written for Sam (HP Slash Luv) I hope you like it Narcissa wished this hadn't been necessary, but it was. The room had two beds in it, and one was a boy's bed. "Hey, roomie." Narcissa turned to look at the person and found a stunningly handsome man staring at her with a goofy smile. His eyes roved over her frame like an animal about to pounce, but he shook his head and re-centred his eyes on her face. "I'm James." "Noel." Narcissa cringed when she said her alias name, but it needed to be done. She couldn't let her family find her and that meant hiding by masquerading as a boy. Still, cutting her hair had hurt . "Nice to meet you. Which side of the room do you want? I prefer the right, but. . ." Narcissa listened to James ramble, taking a deep breath and closing her eyes. It was going to be a long year. Oh my , Narcissa thought when she turned around and found James in the middle of their room, stripping. "What?" James asked. Narcissa blushed a brilliant shade of red and when he reached for his pants, she dashed into their bathroom and locked the doors. He'd knocked, laughing the whole time and Narcissa made up some story about her parents being conservative, which wasn't completely untrue. James didn't bring it up again and neither did Narcissa, but James started changing in the bathroom. "Do you want to come swimming with me and my friends?" Narcissa looked away from James' hopeful face and shook her head. She could feel his disappointment weighing heavily on her shoulders. "You don't like me much, do you?" Narcissa turned around to see James rubbing the back of his neck in a way that made Narcissa think he was feeling self-conscious. "I like you," she said, trying to make sure her voice wasn't too high. James once mentioned her voice sounded like a girl's, and she hadn't spoken to him for three days, making James think she was mad at him. "You never hang out with me and my friends." That was true. Narcissa had heard James mention one of his friend's names and was too scared to meet him. It might not be her cousin, but how common was the name Sirius? She hadn't seen Sirius since they were both young. Her Aunt said he'd run away, but Narcissa suspected that she'd abandoned him. Sirius had never been one to conform to the family ideals. Who would have thought that she'd end up just like him? "They might not like me." For some reason, Narcissa didn't want James to think she didn't like him. "They'd love you," he assured. "I'll prove it. Come swimming." Narcissa panicked internally. She couldn't go swimming without revealing her little (okay, big) secret, but she didn't want to offend James. "It's alright," James sighed, his smile falling slightly. He must have seen some of the panic she was trying to hide. "You don't have to come. I'll see you later, I guess." He picked up the gym bag and walked to the door without another word. "Wait," Narcissa said, unable to let him leave like that. "I can't—" Narcissa clenched her teeth and cleared her throat. "I'm afraid of the water," she blurted out, blushing when she realised what she said. "Oh," James looked relieved. "Maybe we could do something tomorrow with my friends, then? A picnic?" Narcissa heard the challenge in his voice. There was no way she was getting out of this one. "Sure," she said with only a small amount of reluctance. Her body warmed when James jumped forward with an excited yell and wrapped his arms around her. It was a brief hug and Narcissa was glad James was too distracted to notice her distinct feminine body, but it was nice. "I'll tell the others. They'll love you, I promise." There was something about that sentence that reminded Narcissa of a boy reassuring his girlfriend before she met the parents. Narcissa wasn't sure what to think about that. You can't love him. You can't. You can't. Narcissa spent the time James was swimming, pacing. She could tell she was falling for James, and she knew she couldn't allow it. He'd only be hurt by her family if they ever found her. Not to mention, he thinks' you're a boy and he's not gay, and even if he was, you're not a real boy! "I don't know, Sirius, he's different." Narcissa turned her head when she heard James' voice. Could he be talking about her? "How so? Other than being gay for you." Narcissa paled at the other person's—assumingly Sirius'—words. She did not want James thinking she was gay for him. I'm not even a boy! Not that he knew that, but still. "Stop saying that. I believe him about his family. You're biological family was the same, remember." "Please, conservative is the nicest way to describe my family." Narcissa no longer doubted that this was her cousin. He sounded almost exactly the same and what are the chances that two Sirius' have 'conservative' families? "Yeah, I know." There was silence on the other side of the door for a moment before Sirius started talking again, his tone much more serious than before. "This isn't about him being different, is it?" "What do you mean?" "It's not about who he is, but how he makes you feel." Narcissa was leaning against the door by this point. Surely Sirius wasn't saying what she thought he was saying. "I'm not gay, Sirius. I'm not." "But there is something there, right?" There was silence again and Narcissa leaned closer, worried she might miss something when the lock clicked. Narcissa scrambled away, throwing herself on the bed in the quietest way possible and grabbing the closest book she could find. "Goodbye, Sirius," James said as he entered. Narcissa turned her eyes to the book and tried to look distracted. "Noel, I thought you had biology." Narcissa looked up and smiled at James. "Cancelled." "So you've been reading all day?" James was shuffling his feet and his face was starting to redden. "Yeah, how was swimming?" "Good." James turned away, tossing his bag on the floor and walked into the bathroom. "I'm having a shower." Narcissa waited until she heard the shower before relaxing, her book falling to her lap and her eyes closing. What have I got myself into? Narcissa walked like a man about to be executed. James kept brushing his arm against her's in a simple form of comfort that Narcissa appreciated, but she couldn't help hating James a little today. She wouldn't be in this situation if it wasn't for him. "Sirius and Remus will be here soon." James dropped to the ground, laying the food next to him. Fiddling with her fingers, she looked around and bit her lip. She wasn't looking forward to seeing Sirius again. "Relax. Worry causes wrinkles, you know." James frowned as he spoke, like he couldn't believe he said that to a guy. Narcissa couldn't figure out if she wanted to laugh or cry. She did neither, just sat next to James. "We're here!" Narcissa's body tensed. She snapped her head towards the sound of her cousin's voice and saw him with a tall, ragged man by his side. Remus , Narcissa thought. James jumped up and ran to his friends. He slammed into Sirius, sending them both to the ground, while Remus stepped away to avoid the scuffle with experience. He rolled his eyes before turning to look at Narcissa. "Noel, right?" Narcissa nodded, watching Sirius and James wrestle with both fond amusement and dread. What if he recognised her? "I'm Remus. I've been friends with the children over there since we were all eleven. They haven't changed a bit." Remus' deadpan expression and exasperated voice made Narcissa smile. "Have so," James yelled from the pile, shoving Sirius one more time before extracting himself and standing next to Narcissa. "Noel, this is Remus—" "We've met," Remus said with a raised eyebrow and a pointed look at Sirius who was still sprawled on the ground. James coughed, rubbing the back of his neck but he didn't seem all that apologetic. "And that's Sirius." Sirius looked up and Narcissa held her breath. "James!" Sirius said in a voice that could only be described as shocked. "I didn't know you were introducing your boyfriend." James gapped at Sirius before jumping on him, spluttering denials and abuse. Narcissa let out a breath of air. He didn't recognise her. "We don't mind, you know, if you're gay." Remus was blushing to the roots of his hair, but his eyes were earnest. Narcissa smiled. "I'm not gay, but thanks anyway." Remus smiled and they watched the boys wrestle together once again. When James felt sufficiently triumphant, they ate the picnic and laughed together. It was the first time Narcissa felt like a real person and not just a prize to be married off to the highest bidder. It was nice. They were all walking back from the picnic together in comfortable conversation. Remus was telling a story about growing up on a farm when James suddenly cursed. "What is it? What's wrong?" Remus was obviously the worrier of the group. "I left my phone up there. I thought it was in my pocket, but it isn't." Narcissa raised an eyebrow when she saw Remus give Sirius a suspicious look, but Sirius looked deceptively innocent. "Come on, we'll go back and get it." Remus was talking to James but he kept glancing between Sirius and herself. The look was making Narcissa nervous. "Okay, come on." James shook his head, obviously frustrated, and Remus followed with one final glance at the left over pair. Sirius watched them go; only turning to look at Narcissa when they were almost back at the picnic area. His eyes were hard and dark. She'd seen a lot of sides to Sirius today, but he'd worn them all with a smile. He wasn't smiling now. "What are you doing here, Narcissa?" Narcissa sucked in a sharp breath and panic set in under her skin, making it itch. "I don't—" "Don't play dumb with me or I'll tell everyone you're a girl. You'll be kicked out for sure." Sirius's eyes held a glint in them that scared her. It reminded her of her Aunt. "Please don't." Narcissa moved forward and grabbed onto Sirius' arms before he could move away from her. "Please, they'll find me and I can't go back." "Thought you were all for their ideals," Sirius said, leaning away from her but not forcing her away. Narcissa took this as a good sign. "I'm engaged." Narcissa shook her head and looked away from Sirius' piercing eyes. "I can't marry the man they've engaged me to. Mum locked me up when I told her so. Please, don't make me go back." Sirius looked at Narcissa for a long moment. "Fine," he said reluctantly. "But I'll be watching you." Narcissa nodded, expecting nothing less. Sirius may not have believed in the ideals of their family, but he was taught just like her. Never trust anyone, even your own family. Narcissa was tense for weeks after the picnic. She barely spoke to James and declined any offer to go out. She even snapped at him once, though she apologised straight away. She couldn't help it. She was scared. "You have to stop this," Sirius said, storming up to her when she was crossing the campus. Narcissa stepped back when he approached, glancing around to see if anyone was staring. "Are you going to stop?" Sirius snapped when Narcissa didn't say anything after a few minutes. "Stop what?" Narcissa asked, looking around again and cringing when she saw a few people staring. Sirius noticed this and grabbed her arm, dragging her to a more secluded spot on the campus, though nowhere near private enough. "Stop being a princess."