Notes: Written for QLFC Finals 1: PROMPTS: An example of foreshadowing AND an example of juxtaposition, Ron/Hermione (Debs OTP), ADITIONAL PROMPTS: (song) 'Not Today' by Imagine Dragons, (word) forgive, (setting) a Muggle café There was a small cafe in the centre of town. It was a dull looking place; run down, but clean and its name was constantly changing. It was a popular place for those who knew of it and a forgettable place for ones that didn't. The owners were two elderly best friends who founded the cafe when they were barely out of school. "Young and stupid, we were," one would say whenever they were asked about the origin of the cafe. She was the one with the wild pink hair (because if she was going to hide the grey strands, she was going to do it well) and a name that danced off the tongue like a fairy. The other woman would scoff and roll her eyes at her friend. "Oh, Lori, you only say that because the first day we opened you ended up in the ER," she would mutter, but never loud enough for her friend to hear. "Apparently, oven mitts are useless," she would whisper to anyone who would listen with a wink. She wore her grey hair proudly, letting it run down her back in long rivers of silver stands. She never pinned it up or tried to hide it, only making sure it was away from her face when she handled the food. She refused to admit to anyone her full name, though. "Just call me Eva," she would say. They could never agree on anything when anyone asked about their cafe, except for one thing. "It's a place for couples," they would say, smiling at each other. "We both broke up with our boyfriends before we bought the place, and we met our husbands here." (One divorce was finalised in the cafe as well, but that's still a sore topic even years later.) Hermione first remembers being introduced to the cafe when she was five. She walked into the cafe and both elderly women smiled, greeting each of her parents by name. "Which life changing moment will be lived today in our humble walls," Eva asked with a cheeky grin (she looked like Henry Goldwin when he was about to prank someone). Hermione remembers her features pulling into a frown, her sharp mind already trying to figure out what the words meant and why both her parents blushed at them. She doesn't remember exactly what she said to the woman, but she'll always remember the response. "Your parents met here, had their first date here, broke up and got back together here." Here Eva paused, glancing up at her parents like she was sharing a fond memory with them. Hermione's father rolled his eyes at her, but his cheeks were red and Hermione wondered what the story behind those words was. Lori took over at this point, still moving around behind the counter, but being sure to glance at Hermione as she spoke. "Your dad proposed here, they spent their first breakfast as a married couple here, and your mum even gave birth to you here." "Almost gave birth," her mum corrected. "Thankfully, we managed to arrive at a hospital before you popped out." Hermione's mum ruffled her hair with a chuckle. "Your parent's whole relationship is written in these walls," Eva said with an oddly serious air about her. "Maybe one day you'll have your relationship written here as well." Hermione decided in that moment she would come back with a boyfriend one day if only to make the two women smile at her like they smiled at her parents. The first time she went into the cafe without her parents, her boyfriend was with her instead. "This is Ron," Hermione introduced to the women. "Ron, this is Lori and Eva." Ron waved at the women, but his eyes were focused on the coffee machine sitting behind them. "Nice to meet you," he muttered, and Hermione rolled her eyes at his rudeness. "Don't mind him," she said with a huff. "He's fascinated by the simplest of things." The women were starting to show their age in more obvious ways now. Eva walked with a cane and now wore glasses she still had to squint under. Lori's hands shook constantly, but thankfully not enough to hinder her movements and there was a hearing aid in her ear. "Nice to meet you, Ron. I'm assuming you're the boyfriend?" Still, some things are familiar , Hermione thought as she ran her eyes over Lori's bright hair and Eva's cheeky grin. Ron turned from the coffee machine and stuttered an apology, his face red. "Should we forgive his blatant rudeness, Lori?" Ron's mouth fell open and his worried eyes turned to search for Hermione, who only raised an eyebrow at him. She found it almost impossible to keep a straight face, but somehow she managed. "I don't know, Eva. It was very rude, and usually rude people are kicked out as soon as they're discovered." Hermione smothered a chuckle at the dry tone Lori used and how the threat made Ron back up a step. "But he is Hermione's boyfriend, so maybe we should make an exception," Eva said, staring hard at Ron without blinking. "I—" Ron started only to be cut off. "All rudeness must be punished." Lori didn't even look up from the vegetables she was chopping, her pink hair starting to slip out of the blue hair tie holding her it back. "True." After Eva spoke, the pair fell silent for a moment. Lori stopped in her job and turned to look at Eva, while Eva finally broke eye contact with Ron and copied Lori's movements. As they contemplated a suitable punishment, Ron backed away until he was slightly hidden behind Hermione. "Hermione," Ron squeaked in an embarrassingly high voice. Hermione just shrugged in response to his inquiry. "I've never seen them like this before," she lied, being careful to keep her face hidden. He could always tell when she lied nowadays. "Fine, but I still think it's a little harsh," Eva said, turning to Ron but still obviously talking to Lori. "He shouldn't have been rude," Lori replied in her no-nonsense voice. Hermione had only been on the receiving end of that voice once when she was seven. Looking at Ron, it was as effective on adults as it was with children. "You have to take a photo wearing The Hat." Eva's voice took on a dark, almost threatening tone, but Hermione couldn't hold in her giggles anymore. "The hat?" Ron asked, glancing at Hermione and raising an eyebrow. He took another step away from the women but also from Hermione. He looked like he was about to flee. Eva grinned and pulled something out from behind the counter. The Hat was a sick looking green with silver stars, gold trimming and a red pompom on top. Hermione, once she saw the hat, cracked up again. Without the women even realising it, they'd just given Ron the perfect punishment. Slytherin and Gryffindor colours mixed together. "The Hat," she said with a wild grin. "No, please," Ron murmured, but his lips were tilting upwards as he stared at Hermione. Lori turned around and smiled, leaning on the counter behind her, and Eva waved Ron over. He walked forward with small slow steps, but he eventually arrived at the counter. Eva didn't give him a change to back away again, pulling the hat onto his head and grinning. Ron stumbled away, but when he saw the camera in Lori's hands, his shoulders slumped. Hermione watched as he prepared himself for a disastrous photograph that would have George (and Fred, if he was still here) teasing him forever when a glint appeared, and he turned to her. "If I have to be in this photo, so do you." He jumped at her, almost losing the hat in the process, and she squealed when he picked her up bridal style. Hermione barely heard the click of the camera as she grabbed onto her boyfriend to prevent herself from falling, the whole time laughing with him. When Hermione noticed Eva missing from behind the counter a little while later, she didn't think much of it until Eva came up to her later, a small package in her hands. "I thought you might like this," she said, handing the package to her. Hermione and Ron were in a rush to dinner at Molly's but Hermione thanked her with a smile and a wave. "I'll see you next time," she said rushing out the door. When Hermione opened the package later that evening, she smiled and placed the small photo frame on her bedside table so she could look at it whenever she wants to. The cafe became Hermione and Ron's place just like it had been her parent's. With Hermione's parents living their life in Australia without her (she tried to ignore how much that hurt) she liked the idea of being close to them in some way. Hermione never arrived at the cafe without Ron, except the afternoon when she did. It had been a ridiculously sunny day when Hermione stormed through the door to the cafe like a storm. The cafe was busy, as was usual for lunch time, but both Lori and Eva took a moment to come over to her to give her a coffee and piece of large chocolate cake ("On the house, dear. You look like you need it.") Hermione wasn't sure what she was doing here, but it felt right to be here during the bad moments of her relationships as well as the good. When Eva had a free moment, she sat next to Hermione and smiled a little sadly. "What happened?" Hermione broke down in the woman's arms. She told him how Ron was snapping at her a lot recently. How he seemed to be working more and not wanting to spend time with her. She told Eva how when marriage came up this morning, Ron flipped out telling her he would never marry her. She told Eva that she didn't want to be the typical whiny girlfriend, and she wasn't sure if she liked who they were together anymore. When Hermione ran out of words and tears, Eva handed her another slice of cake. "You two belong together," Lori said, smiling at Hermione when she snapped her head up, having not even noticed Lori was there and listening. "How do you know?" Eva and Lori shared a look. "Experience," they said together. Hermione looked outside at the sun and glared. It shouldn't look so happy when she wasn't. "You don't know for—" The door to the cafe slamming open stopped Hermione's words, and her eyes widened when she saw who it was. "Ron—" "No, don't speak." He was huffing like he'd run all the way, and Hermione wondered if the scene could become any more cliché. Except there's no rain , she thought childishly. "I know I'm not an easy boyfriend to have. I snore, I speak too loud, I jump to conclusions and I can't always control the words that come out of my mouth. If I have a bad day at work or a bad week, I'll bring my bad temper home and I can never say the right thing even when I try, but I am trying." Ron stepped forward and grabbed Hermione's hands. She didn't pull away, though it was a close thing. "I may not be your perfect boyfriend today or tomorrow, but I will be one day because you already are the perfect girlfriend for me and you deserve the best." "You said you would never marry me," Hermione said, her heart softening at Ron's words, but her words as hard as steel. "That was stupid. I shouldn't have said that, especially as it's not true. Not in the slightest,