Written for Hogwarts Ancient Runes: write a story about one of the following prompts. Prompt: A light in the darkness. You can interpret that however you'd like, but it must be clear in the story. Extra prompts: (gemstone) Amber, (word) Protection (I used a variation, I hope that's okay) The walk would have been pleasant if her feet weren't completely numb in her boots. Usually, she would cast a warming charm on her feet, but she was walking through a muggle populated neighbourhood and couldn't even consider doing something so stupid. She tried to ignore her frozen fingers shoved under her armpits in the desperate hope to warm them, but that just made her focus on her numb feet. The houses were all lined up exactly the same in the street covered in snow, and they were all practically identical except for the numbers beside the front door. Cho couldn't really believe how identical they all were even after being here so many times to visit her boyfriend and his parents. When we live together, our house will be so much nicer. She would never voice her thoughts aloud, though she might consider telling her boyfriend one day but never the parents. They were a strange lot. Still, she wasn't in love with his family, she was in love with him. Taking care up the steps thanks to the ice covering them, she shook the soft snowflakes off her shoulders and knocked. The door was almost immediately thrown open and she barely managed to glance at the surprise that flashed over Dudley's face before she was rushed inside. "Cho! You must be freezing. What are you doing here?" Cho let herself be led through the entryway and into the familiar family room where a store bought quilt was wrapped around her shoulders. "Surprise," she said, shivering. She glanced to the fireplace in despair as she sat on the love seat next to her boyfriend, wishing it wasn't boarded up so she could sit in front of a toasty fire and melt the ice off her. Huddled underneath the blanket and Dudley's arm which he wrapped around her, Cho noticed her boyfriend's parents for the first time sitting in tense silence across from them. They looked worried and scared, but she was more concerned by the overwhelming anger she saw. "Is everything okay?" Mrs Dursley—Cho couldn't bring herself to call the woman Petunia, or worse, Mum—smiled at her with tense lips, but Mr Dursley barely even glanced at her. "What are we going to do?" Mr Dursley said to Petunia, glaring at the floor. "He can't come now." "Who can't come?" Cho glanced at Dudley who grimaced and leant his head close. She focused on him, barely hearing Mrs Dursley's quiet reply about not knowing how to contact him . "Do you remember me telling you about my cousin?" Dudley said in a strained whisper. He obviously didn't want his parents to hear what he was saying, and she understood why as soon as he said the word 'cousin'. "Yes," she practically hissed. When Dudley told her how his parents treated this mystery cousin, she was furious. That was probably the day she knew she'd never love his parents no matter how hard she tried. "Well, he contacted us and told us he was going to drop by and pick up anything he left behind. Dad's furious, Mum too, but I think she also wants to see him, even just to make sure he's still alive." Cho frowned at that. Why would they care if he was alive if they hated him, and furthermore, why would this mysterious cousin possibly not be alive? Dudley just said he left when he was seventeen. Brushing that thought away for the moment, Cho turned to look at Dudley and caught him biting his lip, a habit she was trying to break him of. Pulling his lip away from his teeth, Cho gave him a soft reproaching look. "What about you?" Dudley shrugged. "Honestly, I'm a little scared. It's been almost four years since I last saw him, and he was, well, a mess. What if he's worse off?" Cho raised an eyebrow. "That's not for you to worry about. If he's worse, he needs to find help himself. Although, I can understand that you might be worried. Dudley nodded but he didn't look any more relaxed. "And," she whispered, prompting him while she shot a subtle glare at Mr Dursley when she heard him mutter the word 'freak'. "I never treated him right," Dudley said after a pause. "I wouldn't be surprised if he hated me." "You tried to make amends, Dudley. You apologised, and he must have seen the crap your parents were teaching you. If he can't see that or still blames you, then he's an idiot." Cho hated that Dudley had grown up in such a narrow-minded world. Sometimes she wondered if they'd stay together once Cho told him about being a witch. Don't think about that; this isn't the time, she scolded herself, pulling the quilt closer when a shiver ran through her. Dudley shrugged and looked away, but she felt some of the tension leave his arm and smiled. She loved that she could calm him down better than anyone else. She'd never been needed before by any of her previous boyfriends, not even Cedric who she still loved with a small part of her heart. "It may not matter anyway; he probably won't be around for long. He hated this place." Cho sighed and buried herself even closer to his side, clenching the amber necklace around her neck. It was a comfort to her, her mother's necklace; she always wore it and whenever she was worried, her hand would clench on the necklace. She hated hearing him so worried. "Bloody freak better hurry up. I won't wait around all day for the boy." Cho glared again but managed to keep her face tilted away from Mr And Mrs Dursley. "Why do they call him a freak anyway?" Cho asked. "Harry's always been different," Dudley said, almost looking scared to tell her more. Something stirred in her mind, but she couldn't grasp what it was before there was a knock at the door. "I'll get it," Dudley jumped up and rushed to the door, leaving Cho to miss his warmth and pull the quilt closer. She heard the door open and Dudley's hesitant voice, but the person on the other end didn't let him talk for long. "I'll just be a moment, thanks, Dudley. You look good, are you thinner? I think you're thinner." Cho would have felt some anger burn with the way Dudley's cousin was dismissing him, but she recognised that voice and the frantic pace it was going at. She'd heard it only a few weeks ago in Diagon Alley. Dudley said Harry, she thought, but surely I'm wrong. Cho stood from the couch intending to check it out, but Mrs Dursley's hand on her arm prevented her movement. "You stay here, dear. That way you don't have to meet the boy." Cho wanted to tell her that the 'boy' was twenty-one years old, and had never been a boy, but she could barely make her voice work. The footsteps came closer and before she managed to think much more about the fact that her secret was probably about to be revealed, a familiar mob of black hair appeared from around the corner. "Aunt Petunia, Uncle Vernon." Harry hadn't seen her, and Cho was surprised by how grateful she was to have just a few more seconds to process. "I won't stay long, just picking up my stuff. I'd love to stay and chat, but I'm busy pretending I have no family and can't." Cho snorted at the sarcastic words, and Harry's eyes turned to her. His whole body froze and his eyes widened. She may be a bad person for thinking it, but she was almost pleased to see him so shell-shocked, even though the circumstances were less than ideal. He never seemed shocked at anything. "That's my girlfriend, Cho. She surprised us with a visit," Dudley said when he appeared from around the corner and spotted who Harry was looking at. There was a protective glint in his eyes, probably responding to the wide-eyed look Harry was giving her. Cho couldn't really blame Dudley; Harry did look like a school boy who just met a supermodel. "Girlfriend," Harry stuttered, taking a step forward and being blocked by Mr Dursley. "Yes, Cho is a nice, normal girl that Dudley has introduced us too. Now leave before I make you." Cho glared at the back of Mr Dursely's head, for once not caring if anyone saw her, her glare intensifying when Harry gave a nervous glance to the man's fists before shaking himself and a smile appearing on his face. Apparently, he just realised what Mr Dursley said. "Normal? You wouldn't know normal if it bit you on the arse." Harry's words were directed at his aunt and uncle, but his eyes were flickering between herself and Dudley. He's not going to tell them, she realised when Harry stopped talking at that point. I guess I still think of him as the impulsive, angry teenager instead of the controlled man he's turned into. "What's that supposed to mean?" Mr Dursley demanded once he found the words, taking a threatening step forward and making Harry glance at the man's fists again. It's now or never. "He means that I'm not as normal as you make me out to be, Mr Dursley." She kept her tone polite, but now that the shock of discovering her boyfriend was related to her ex-boyfriend, she realised what else this meant. Harry Potter, the hero of the Wizarding World and her good friend had to live with these people his whole life being abused and neglected and hated. She could feel her anger swirl inside her and only her feelings for Dudley prevented her from yelling at them. Everyone was staring at her now. Harry was the only one that was looking amused, while everyone else looked confused and concerned. Dudley was flicking his eyes between Harry and her with growing horror and she realised that he was starting to connect the dots. She winced internally. This could be the end of my relationship, she thought, and she almost wished she hadn't been so impulsive. "What?" Mr Dursley said, but she ignored him, walking around Mrs Dursley and wrapping Harry in a brief hug. "How are you?" she said, loud enough to be heard by the other occupants of the house. She heard a distinctly female gasp and knew that Mrs Dursley had figured it out now as well. "Good, tired. I can't say that with Ginny around, though, no way. I'd have my head bitten off." Cho winced at his fast words but smiled at him. She knew that it was just one of his quirks nowadays. There was no public knowledge of what happened to Harry when he sacrificed himself, but everyone did know that it changed him. There were a lot of quirks Harry had, but they only showed up when he was nervous, or that's what Ron said once when they ran into each other anyway. "No, I imagine not when she's as pregnant as she is. Is that why you're here?" Harry glanced around the room and nodded, stepping away from Cho. "I'll just be. . . I mean, yeah. Sorry for barging in while you were visiting." "Don't apologise, you didn't know," she scolded, rolling her eyes when he just apologised again. "What the bloody hell is going on here?" Mr Dursley boomed. Cho turned and glanced at Dudley who was looking almost broken in his shock before turning to Mr and Mrs Dursley. "Harry and I know each other from school," she said with a defensive air around her. "School?" Mr Dursley was starting to