Pisces Aircleft, 14 HungerGames226 "Good work, Pisces," my trainer, Kellan, tells me with a casual applause. I've just taken down four dummies in under thirty seconds. One of my best times. I grin, my eyes fierce. "I can just imagine the human limbs rolling away already," I tell him. He loses his smile for a second, but manages to pick it back up again because he knows he's scared of me. People are scared of me. They don't really like me. But I'll tell you one thing: when I return home in a few weeks, crowned victor of the Thirty-eighth annual Hunger Games, they'll be tripping over each other to be my friend. To have the luxury of my presence. Five victors hail from District 4, soon to be six. I admire them all. I need to bring more honor to this district, after Alison Rain died during Training last year. They didn't give the specifics. But it was pathetic. We got our Victor, though, a 17 year-old girl named Aqua Rio. After the epic fail of our original female tribute, Aqua has restored my faith in our district. I watched last year's Games with excitement, because somehow, I knew we would have the crown once again. I wasn't always this way. If I remember correctly, I was once a carefree, happy four-year-old boy. Then I turned five, and my parents signed me up for the training academy. I learned how to use a sword, bow, throwing knives, staffs, spears, daggers, clubs, maces. . .you name it. I became the young man I am today. My parents are good people. They didn't want me to be a tribute at all . They signed me up for the sole purpose of being prepared; if I was ever reaped and no one would take my place, I would come home. To me, it became more than that. Call me sadistic, violent, a disgusting human being, but there's nothing better than watching the pack from 1, 2, and usually 4 kill, kill, kill every year during the Games. I'll be one of them. It's late afternoon in 4, the sun just beginning to set. A lot of students have gone home for the day. Kellan tells me that training is over for the day, and wishes me luck at the reaping tomorrow. Like I'll need it. I shake his hand and put back my sword, and head over to the Commons - a separate building on the grounds of the training academy where students clean up, eat, and socialize. Right now, there are only a few students, a few trainers, the snack bar worker, and me. A couple janitors, but they don't really count as people, now do they? I push open the door to the men's bathroom, and find that I'm not the only student there. Three seventeen-year-olds stand in a group, getting ready to go home from training. They stop talking when they see me, and I brush them off like mosquitoes. "Hear you're volunteering tomorrow, Aircleft. Let me know how that works out for you," one of them, Dune, says mockingly. I push past them to the sinks. "If you're gonna be a bastard, then save it till after I'm crowned," I reply indifferently. "I won't be able to help your jealousy, though." Dune's smile drops, but his friends look smug, pressuring him to accept my challenge. He apparently has nothing to say, so I continue our lovely conversation for him. "In fact, I can't help pansies with anything." His arms go to his sides, and I see in the mirror that his fists are clenched. "We'll see who the pansy is once I beat in your face!" he growls. He lunges toward me, but I see it and duck. He punches the mirror and breaks the glass, leaving bleeding cuts on his knuckles. I laugh. "Let's see if you can get this through your thick head. I'm coming home, and you'll be bowing to me," I tell him slowly, as if he's a baby. "And if any of the trainers hear about your defacing of the property…well, let's just say our newest victor won't be afraid to take action." He turns to his friends, who smile, and then turns to me. "Maybe I'll volunteer first, punk. But I'll get you," he says with a scowl and a pointed finger. I roll my eyes. "Ooh. Threatening. We'll see," I tell him as he leaves. He ignores me, and the door closes. I take a deep breath. Idiots tire me. I splash my golden-tanned face with cool, fresh water, and take a crisp paper towel and wipe it away along with the sweat of today's training. I study my face. Sky-blue eyes with emasculating long lashes. A small, straight nose, and a tiny pink mouth that is always scowling. I guess my thick auburn hair is due for a trim, but it's not like I care or anything. Then I turn my attention to one of the full-length mirrors on the other end of the wall. Dad says I have a 'swimmer's body', which is a little obvious considering District 4's industry is fish. I have very broad shoulders. My arms are toned, and look more muscular in this tight shirt. I raise my left arm and flex. It's good, but it's not good enough. People will never take me seriously if I'm not huge. I sigh; I guess there's nothing I can do about it. I head out to the snack bar where Talise, the woman who runs it, greets me with a smile. "I'll have the usual, Talise," I tell her before I sit down on the leather stool. She nods and whips up a strawberry-blueberry smoothie with lots of protein powder. "How'd training go today, Pisces?" she asks in a friendly tone. I take a sip when she sets it down in front of me. "Good." She's silent as I gulp down the rest. As I finish, I reach into the bag slung over my shoulder and pull out a few silver coins. "Here's a little tip," I say, with a look of petty spread over my face, "Not everyone can have a decent job." Talise purses her lips, accepts the coins, and looks at me as I walk out. I'm walking down the paved road towards home, when I hear footsteps on the hot asphalt behind me. "Pike! Hey, Pike, wait up!" Pike is my nickname, reserved for those few who deserve the chance to know me well. The voice is too far away to detect its owner, so I turn around, annoyed. I see the tall, gangly Stella Dinixx. Chin-length dirty blonde hair, sea-green eyes, tanned. Obviously from a working class family, but one that can afford to train their little princess. She's in her uniform. "If you tell me you're volunteering tomorrow, I won't hesitate to kill you once we're in the arena," I tell her promptly, and turn back around. She laughs. As if I were joking. Whatever. Let the fool think what she wants. "No, no," she promises. "I was going to say hi, and wish you luck at the reaping." Stella and I have known each other since we were about eight. We were put in the same skill level for throwing knives, and we were put as partners. I pause and wait for her to catch up. "I don't need any luck, Stella. I'm going to be great." Her light, easy expression disappears without a trace. "You don't mean…you're going…" she stutters. "Well, spit it out," I tell her, not hiding my irritation. Trying to have a nice walk home. The sun beats down on us and the small buildings surrounding us- the post office, the small huts of the lower working-class citizens, the tailor, the grocer. The town. "You're not volunteering, are you?" she asks stupidly. Her eyes show fear and anxiousness, awaiting my response. I'm bewildered. Why wouldn't I? But then again, I don't think I told anyone besides a couple friends. Maybe I've mentioned it to my parents."You think I wouldn't? Then you obviously don't know me," I say, grinning from ear to ear. She's so naive. I thought she would've realized, even if I hadn't told her. I start to walk away, but she grabs my shoulder and whips me back around. "You can't, Pike." I laugh and push her off of me with ease. "You're my best friend. I just don't want to lose you." "Getting a bit clingy there, aren't you?" I ask jokingly. "But-" Physically putting my hand in front of her to staunch her emotion, I interrupt, "Stella. I'm fine. You know how I am with a sword." At this moment, her eyes go shiny with premature tears, though I can tell she refuses to let one drop. "You don't get it, do you? I care about you," she says, struggling to keep a smooth tone. Before I can reply, she gives me one last look of pain, then disappears back the other way toward her house. I'm alone in a dark room, with nothing but a glistening silver sword with a diamond-encrusted golden handle. It's sleek and smooth. I grin. She's a beaut. Better than anything we have in the Training Academy. Hearing the inevitable spring of a dummy behind me, I turn around. My first instinct is to stab, stab, slice, slice. Which I 's one of my best rounds. I manage to take down twenty dummies. I begin to enjoy myself as they appear faster and faster, and their red lit-up hearts turn off when I've killed them. A dummy pops up behind me. Turning around, sword extended, I slash it into its stomach. Only when there's no light to go out do I realize what - or who, should I say - I've just killed. Gangly. Blonde. And naive. "Stella?" I call to her. There's no response. My eyes open in the dead of night. I'm panting, sweating. I wipe the sweat from my forehead as I get out of my comfortable bed. I hear the clock gently ticking in the background as I make my way into the hall, and down the light curved stairs. My hand runs along the finished, glossy wooden railing. When I come to the doorway of the kitchen, I find I have company. My father and mother sit in the dim light of the lamp. "Good morning," my mother says kindly, but I can hear a hint of fretfulness. My father gives me a friendly smile, but nothing more. Wanting a cup of tea, I reach into the cabinet. My mother stops me. "Oh, I can get that for you," she says. I'm about to object, before I see the want in her sky-blue eyes. I nod and turn to sit at the table with my father. I'm wearing a burgundy short-sleeved shirt and light pajama pants. I know something's wrong. Maybe not wrong, but unsettling. My mother is regarded as somewhat of a celebrity in District 4. Her beauty distinguishes her from the rest of us. Her eyes, long dark curls, and creamy complexion are significantly different from the working class ladies, who usually have green-blue eyes, tan skin, and blonde hair. When I look over to her making me a steaming cup of tea, I find her usually rosy cheeks have lost their flush. My father is a short but muscular man with long, graying hair and hazel eyes. He'd be rather intimidating if you didn't know him. He's really a softie. My mother sets a dainty porcelain cup of hot lemon-ginger tea in front of me. "Something's been, ah, bothering us," my father says as my mother sits by him. Bingo. "Yes?" I ask, to get it over with. My father looks at my mother, and then back to me. He finally says the only thing I don't want to hear. "You're not volunteering tomorrow." I stand, accidentally knocking over