Summary: Missing scene from Lord of the Rings that I wanted to put in, This is not linked to any other story, these are just scenes I wanted to keep together under a similar title. This is a missing scene from the infamous drinking game in the Return of the King Extended Edition (if you haven't seen it search for it on YouTube) as I was writing it expanded to become the Palantir scene as well (I basically wanted to see glowy ethereal Legolas) I have taken some of it word for word from the film. I apologise for my previous version, it was written quickly at lunch while I was having a bad day at work. This is not Slash, anything written is pure brotherly affection but if you want to read it as more I won't stop you. I am of the fandom where Aragorn grew up in Rivendell and has known Legolas for years before the Fellowship was formed. Legolas had toasted with the others in the hall as Theodan finished his speech, feeling sorrow pulling at his heart for his own fallen kin as well as the men who had lost their lives. There had been heavy casualties on both sides, he could not help but feel deep down that this was only the beginning. Whilst they had won this battle the war was far from over, he sensed curious eyes upon him from where he stood leaning against the wall in a dark shadowed corner of the hall, nursing a small cup of wine, he disliked the smell of the ale the men were heartily drinking down. The people of Rohan had little experience with the first born and it seemed as if the skills witnessed in battle had merely added to the supernatural tales. Legolas was the only elf to return to Edoras, his surviving kin had respectfully laid the dead to rest as there were too many to return home with, then returned home to complete their own journeys to the grey havens. This unfortunately meant that Legolas was now the sole focus of their curiosity. Children were being led away to bed, staring in awe as they passed fair being, he smiled at them but the parents quickly ushered them away. It was almost like they expected him to cast a spell on them, Legolas tried not to look too put out by their behaviour. He was left surrounded by the men of Rohan, who kept shooting nervous glances at him but as the ale flowed the atmosphere gradually became accepting even if it still felt like he wasn't fully trusted. Legolas had just decided to retire for the evening when a loud brash voice came pushing its way through the celebrating men "Where is he?" Legolas smiled as the stout being appeared, Gimli staring up at the shadowed form "There you are…" he grabbed the hem of the silken tunic and began to pull the elf through the crowd, the men watching with interest as the prince was led through them. Legolas was uncomfortably aware of the attention they were gathering but Gimli carried on talking either unaware of or ignoring the men stares "we have some unfinished business". There was something in the Gimli's voice that made Legolas wary. The elf realised he had been led to the middle of the room, coming to a halt next to a very large barrel of ale that stood tapped and ready. He tried not to show his discomfort as the as the sounds and smells of the men around pressed into him where they cheered at the two's arrival. Gimli seated himself at a large table stocked with empty mugs, there was a buzzing air of excitement around that the elf did not quite understand. Eomer smiled at Legolas' questioning gaze "It's just a bit of friendly competition, no pauses, no spills." He handed both the elf and dwarf a full mug of frothing liquid, Gimli looking excitedly at it while Legolas looked like the tankard in his hand might bite him. The dwarf was eager to start as he firmly added "And no regurgitation." Legolas looked around in sudden realisation "So it's a drinking game?" Gimli gleefully answered with a smug air "Aye, Last one standing wins." He laughed as the men around began to cheer, toasting and calling out "What'll we drink to? Let's drink to victory! To victory!" he toasted the men with his mug then began to greedily guzzle the drink down. Eomer gave Legolas a small salute with his own mug which prompted the elf to drink, watching with interest as Legolas took hesitant sniff which resulted in a look of disgust. He laughed as Legolas steeled himself the sipped which garnered more cheers from the men around. The horseman shook his head smiling as Gimli loudly slammed his empty mug down, eagerly reaching for another. Legolas finished his drink with a lot more finesse, a slight look of revulsion on his face at the taste; he then nodded his thanks as he was passed another full mug. Eomer was pretty sure the competition would not last long, he briefly wondered how heavy the elf was as the horse lord was sure he would have to carry the fair being up to bed after a few more pints. Gimli laughed heartily at Legolas' expression while reaching for another pint, thinking with great joy that he had already won. Legolas was finding that after a fourth mug the brew was not as bad as he had first thought, he was keeping pace nicely with the dwarf and only reached for his next drink after Gimli had finished his, though he was making a point of not spilling any unlike his companion. Legolas was wondering if he should point out that the dwarf was spilling more of the liquid into his beard than actually getting in his mouth but the elf really didn't have anything to worry about, his father's Dorwinion wine was much stronger than this and the prince had drunk far more and stayed standing at many a celebration in Mirkwood. Legolas neatly stacked his eighth empty cup down on the table, feeling good about this competition now. He looked over at the mound of empty tankards in front of the dwarf, realising that Gimli was ahead he quickly drained the mug, glad he didn't have any of the liquid left in his mouth as the dwarf leant forward and loudly broke wind much to the amusement of the men around who loudly cheered and crashed their mugs together. The elf feeling a small smile quirk at his lips as he and Eomer shared a look, the man of Rohan surprised by the noises coming from Gimli. Legolas was steadily catching up when Gimli loudly laughed "Here, here. It's the dwarves that go swimming with little hairy women." The elf just barely stopped himself snorting the ale through his nose, finishing the drink while trying to ignore the other vulgar statements from the men around. He met Eomer's impressed gaze as he took another full mug from the man but as he held it he noticed something, he raised his right hand rubbing his fingertips together with a worried expression on his face "I feel something. A slight tingling in my fingers. I think it's affecting me." At the wide eyed confused look he was being given Eomer stifled his snort of laughter, sure that this much ale would've taken down a cave troll. Yet as he glanced down the lithe frame he was sure the elf could still drink much more. Gimli swayed on his seat, holding up one finger to make his point "What did I say? He can't hold his liquor!" The elf and horse lord could both guess what was about to happen, they watched the dwarf hiccup his eyes loosing focus as he slid backwards off his stool to land with a loud thump on the floor. Legolas gave Eomer a smug look "Game over." With a small smile he raised the mug still in his hand, Eomer reaching out "I think you may have had enough." A slightly petulant expression came over the elf's face making him look very young "I am perfectly fine" The man smiled, that was only a phrase uttered when someone was as far from fine as possible, he reached out chancing that the elf would not retaliate and took the half-drunk mug from his fingers. Legolas licked his lips as the mug was taken from him mid-drink, scowling at the man who just laughed "Truly the stamina of elves is impressive" Legolas smiled smugly and raised his previously ignored cup of wine in a toast "The strength of men has greatly impressed me also" he drained the cup in one go causing Eomer to wince, that was mixing both the grain and the grape, the elf would have a sore head in the morning. Legolas paused turning a serious gaze on him "I feel I must apologise for threatening to kill you" Eomer had to think back, realisation finally making its way into his thoughts of their first meeting, he smiled "I apologise for the slight I gave your friend" he motioned to the unconscious dwarf still on the floor. Legolas looked thoughtfully down at the still form "My father will kill me for making friends with a dwarf" Eomer laughed at the childish statement but before he could speak he noticed a large delighted smile appearing on the elf's face "Estel!" turning he found Aragorn standing staring with a slightly shocked expression on his face "I hear you have been in competition with Gimli again." Legolas swayed slightly waving a hand dismissively "T'was no competition, my father's wines are far more potent that this" he raised his reclaimed mug of ale but Aragorn placed his hand over the top stopping the elf taking a sip "I believe you have had enough Mellon nîn" ((my friend)) The elf looked affronted "I will tell you when I have had enough Penneth" ((young one)) but then he blinked staring at his fingers again "I think I may have drunk too much" Aragorn laughed stepping forward to support his friend as he swayed slightly "Aye, I think you have" The elf leant against the man and it was obvious to Eomer that they shared a deep friendship that spoke of a companionship that had been forged by the sharing of many things both good and bad. He'd had a similar relationship with the King's deceased son Théodred having grown as small boys with him…he missed his self-proclaimed brother very much" The elf was speaking slowly as he leant against Aragorn "I apologise for doubting you" The man smiled "I could understand your worry, but you bypassed your own feelings and stood by me, that is more than I could ask" A look of melancholy passed over the fair features "Mortal lives are too short, you burn hot and fast like the bare wick of a candle." The ranger smiled as Legolas rested his head back against the man's shoulder "You have known me for over sixty years my friend, I would've thought you would be tired of me by now" he ignored the wide eyed stare from Eomer at the mentioning of knowing each other for such a period of time. "You are always getting me into trouble…" came the sleepy reply "my father thinks you are a bad influence" "Me! I will have you know that nothing interesting happened to me until I met you…" he paused smiling ruefully "I'm so very glad I did" The elf lightly pushed the man away from him "Well nothing interesting happened to me for thousands of years before I met you, human…" "Thousands!?" Eomer couldn't help his exclamation as he stared at them, surely they were jesting, the elf could be no more than twenty five at most. The elf smiled