Note: The Council of Elrond took place October 25 th , TA3018, but the Fellowship did not ride out until December 25 th . During this time, the Fellowship stayed in Rivendell preparing for their journey. Frodo awoke a full three hours after dawn one morning in late November. He and the other hobbits had been growing restless in their wait. "You cannot set out until the Blade that was Broken has been reforged, young Frodo," Lord Elrond had said. "You know this. Find solace here in Imladris while you can." Rivendell was a beautiful place, to be sure, and simply being in the Last Homely House had lifted Frodo's spirits higher than he knew they could ever be. Even so, he knew that the quest on which they were about to set would be long and perilous, and the weight of the trinket he carried seemed to grow heavier every day. "Perhaps Uncle Bilbo might know a story or two to distract me from these worries," he thought. Frodo rose, dressed, and headed through the halls to look for him. He found Bilbo on a small balcony overlooking the waterfalls of the Bruinen, keeping company with two elves that were unfamiliar to him. Someone had fetched Bilbo a wooden bench of hobbit height, carved with the intricate latticework of the elves. The elves sat across from him upon a seat of stone that seemed to rise up out of the balcony itself, its twists and turns nearly as finely wrought as the patterns on the long robes of green and brown that draped about their shoulders. Bilbo's eyes widened happily at the sight of his nephew. "Frodo! My dear boy!" he called. "Some old friends of mine have just today returned from their patrols. Come, come, sit, sit!" He patted the empty spot on the bench next to him. "This is Glennodad, of Eregion—that's Hollin on all those old maps of mine—and his brother in arms, Alaion of Edhellond." They smiled gently at Frodo as Bilbo named them in turn. Glennodad, the elder—or so he seemed to Frodo, who still had terrible trouble with the age of elves—had flowing, silken black hair down to his shoulders, somehow entirely neat despite doubtless hours beneath a heavy helm. His eyes were a deep brown, so dark that at most angles they appeared almost black. It seemed they had a sad sort of kindness behind them, like the eyes of one who has seen more wars than he cares to count; and yet they were warm and smiling now, here among friends in a place of safety. He was more muscled than most elves, though still slender by the standards of Men, and his dark-skinned hands clenched every so often, as though they missed the feeling of grasping sword and shield. His comrade, Alaion, was as near to a polar opposite as could be. He had a short, tousled mop of dirty blond hair, and his bright green eyes seemed as though they had known more laughter and less hardship than his elder. His strong, aquiline nose ended in a wide smile that made him the more comely of the two, though none would deny that they were both handsome. His right hand had the calloused fingers of an archer, but the rest of him looked unblemished, as though he had rarely seen war. He poured Frodo a cup of red wine from the glass flagon that rested on the table. "What brings you to this corner of Imladris, young Frodo?" he asked. "Well," he replied, glancing at Bilbo, "I was rather hoping that my uncle would have some tale to tell me, to help pass the time." He thought it prudent to not even mention that he felt restless, lest these elves—and especially Bilbo—know that he would be leaving soon. "Why, old Glen here has many a tale of battle and glory to share, dear boy!" cried Bilbo. The elder elf gave him a look of bemused annoyance at the nickname. "Tell him the one about the trolls, the year I came here with the dwarves, it's one of my favorites." Frodo thought he saw a flicker of anger and disdain cross Glennodad's features at the mention of dwarves, but it passed away in an instant and was replaced with a kind of quiet pride. "That is a fine tale, my friend," Alaion put in, "and one in which I play a starring role." He gave Frodo a cheeky smile. "It would be a fine way to while away our time, don't you think? A tale of the Avornamath?" "Pardon, sirs," said Frodo. "The word 'amath' is shield, I recall, but what does 'avorn' mean?" "It is 'steadfast,' young hobbit," Alaion replied, "for my friend never falls and never flees until he is certain that all his kin are safe. Glennodad smiled, as close to a blush as Frodo had ever seen from an elf. "You flatter me, my friend, though that is why they gave me that name," he admitted. He cleared his throat with a sip of wine, and began his tale. "It was the year your Uncle Bilbo came to our lands for the first time. We were on a patrol in the north of the Trollshaws, not far from the Mitheithel. Alaion and his three young archers, eagle-eyed all, made up our small band, while I rode at the van in heavy armor, ready to put my shield and myself between any foul beast and the company. Lord Elrond sent such patrols through the lands outlying fair Imladris twice a year in those times, that we should know if the darkness in the North were ever to return. It was, at first, like many hundreds of expeditions before it: entirely without consequence. We rode along old roads through the forest, through many places where the leaves covered the path like a tunnel, keeping it cool and dim even at midday. These are deep places, and forgotten. None have ridden those roads but our patrols—and the Dúnedain—since the days of the men of Rhudaur, and the men of Arnor before them. It is a place of peace. We came at length to an old, nameless fortress of Arnor, and Alaion climbed to the top of its tower to make use of its vantage, as he always did. I sat ahorse at the gate, while two walked the crumbling walls and the fifth of us tended the remaining horses. We waited for some time, and I began to wonder at the delay. It was only a small midday stop, where we would water the horses, scan the horizon, and ride on. To linger more than a quarter of an hour in that place was unusual. But at last, Alaion came down from the tower and moved towards me at the gate. I saw in the speed and purpose of his stride that something was amiss. 'To the north,' he reported, 'perhaps a quarter of a mile from the shore, there have been birds scattering from the trees in terror. There seems to be a path to their fleeing, as though something is moving unseen through the forest. Something large.' 'And of this threat, did you see any other sign?' I asked. 'The treetops moved only slightly, little more than the birds caused. Yet something was brushing against the lower branches, I am sure.' That was disconcerting news. The trees there were hundreds of years old, and few had branches any lower than could be bitten off by deer. Only trolls and orcs grow tall enough to disturb those trees...but neither of us would be the first to say so. 'Bring the company, then,' I instructed. 'We must discover whatever is causing this before we return home. We shall ride northwest, to the river, and follow the old track there until we can come up behind the path that the disturbance has taken.' Alaion nodded, and leapt silently from brick to brick as he gathered the others from their places on the wall. We rode out at a gallop, but when we came within a quarter-mile of the shore we slowed to a quiet trot. It took the better part of an hour for us to reach the point at which Alaion advised me to turn south and ride through the trees, where there was no path. The dappled sunlight there dwindled to almost nothing as we went deeper into the forest, and an unsettling sense of dread began to creep into my heart. I had not seen battle in a thousand years, and was not particularly eager to see it again. Before long it became clear what we were dealing with. We passed a small cavern beneath an upthrust of rock, and a quick glance inside found a wide tunnel that went back farther than the eye could tell. After that point, the branches of the trees were snapped and twisted, and some trees shoved aside at angles, as if something—or somethings—nine feet high had been lumbering through the wood." Frodo shrank back at that. The thought of trolls unsettled him. Bilbo, on the seat beside him, could scarce have been more excited. "I looked back to Alaion, who rode no more than a horse length behind me, and nodded. He took his bow from where it was slung on his saddle, and his men followed suit. I took mine in hand as well, loosened my sword in its scabbard, and ensured that my shield would come loose from my saddle at a moment's notice. We smelled them, then. It was a dank, old, wet smell, like something that had lived in a cave all its life, and knew only rock, and the dark waters that run deep under the earth. There was no sound but the gentle clump of hoofbeats against layers and layers of leaves atop damp soil. No deer, no foxes, not a single fluttering bird. Nothing was alive within hundreds of yards, save that which we were heading to find. A bowstring tautened behind me, and then three more. Though we elves may all see farther than you hobbits, Alaion and his men are younger than I, and perceived shapes through the gloom which had not yet become clear to me in the shade of my helm. We halted. There was a soft twang, and a whistle of fletching, and then three more of each, and a wait, a wait that seemed longer than all the thousand years I had lived in peace since last I took up sword and shield. Then there was a heavy grunt, more than two hundred yards ahead of us and around a bend in the path that had been shattered out of the trees. 'Dismount!' I commanded, barely above a whisper. Four pairs of leather boots landed gently in the wet leaves, and one pair of heavy steel thumped down last. A roar came then, turned in our direction, and then another, and another. Footsteps boomed towards us, arrows flew past me, and I saw them at last. The massive, hulking grey forms of the cave trolls thundered through the dark forest, fueled by rage and bloodlust. Two of them were already well-feathered; not a single one of my comrades' shots had missed their marks through the gloom and the wood." Alaion gave Frodo a tiny smirk of pride. "Their gaping mouths were twisted in anger, and their tiny black eyes betrayed not a hint of pain. Two carried clubs, while the nearest simply ripped a massive branch from a tree as he ran past it. I loosed an arrow as soon as I saw the nearest, and another, and by then they were closer than I would dare to fire again. I drew my sword from my side, took my shield from my stallion, and whispered urgently to him in the old tongue of the Ñoldor. He turned and galloped the way we had come, the other four