..::.. So … in all things sporadic – as my mind tends to be … and after finally watching Fantastic Beasts … I got this idea. This will be my first, official non-female Harry Potter story. No crossover references except for a piece of clothing though. Please enjoy. ..::.. I DO NOT OWN HARRY POTTER! ..::.. "I'm a Wizard, Muggle!" – Speech 'I'm a Wizard, Muggle!' – Thoughts " I'm a Wizard, Muggle! " – Familiar Speech 'I'm a Wizard, Muggle!' – Familiar Thoughts " I'm a Wizard, Muggle!" – Parseltongue Speech ' I'm a Wizard, Muggle!' – Parseltongue Thoughts ..::.. He had won. Albus Dumbledore had beaten the Dark Lord Grindelwald, only it didn't feel like a win. Dumbledore stared down at his ex-lover as the man laughed softly. "Will this be the time of my death, Albus?" Grindelwald coughed. "No," Albus denied – choking on the emotions of seeing the man he loved so beaten and bloody. "I won't be the one to grant you your death, my dear Gellert. Instead I shall imprison you for the rest of your life in the very prison you constructed … Nurmengard." Gellert laughed at his love. "I'm sorry, but I cannot accept your terms … know this Albus … I won't be the last to not fear the Muggles, and while I don't think that we can overpower them with their vast society and their breakthroughs in what they call technology, I foresee a child that will be powerful enough to stand fearless against the Muggles and their growing numbers." Dumbledore shivered as the power of a prophecy saturated the air around them. He stared in horror as his love chuckled once more before muttering incoherently. His mutterings lasted for exactly a minute before Dumbledore witnessed a tiny flicker of light leave the lips of Gellert – not that dissimilar of a soul leaving the body as a Dementor sucked it out. Dumbledore started … that was exactly what it was! He moved to intercept, but failed to reach Grindelwald's body in time as the light flickered and then vanished into thin air. Interestingly enough, Grindelwald remained breathing, but Dumbledore could see that all that was left in the mind of his ex-lover was madness without a shred of intelligence. Dumbledore wondered what it was that Gellert hoped to achieve by releasing a piece of his mind, but he didn't dwell on it further as the Americans and British Witches and Wizards all approached with cheers on their lips. Dumbledore ignored the masses and moved to collect the so-called Elder Wand from the ground near his feet, but then winced as it burned uncomfortably in his grip. He instantly released the wand and gasped for air – the wand had actually touched the essence of his magic and rejected him more powerfully than any spell that he'd ever been struck with – but this was the Elder Wand, wasn't it? Shouldn't its allegiance have switched to him upon defeating the previous wielder? He then recalled a conversation that he'd had with the man that Gellert had stolen the wand from. "The Wand does not owe allegiance to any but its true master/mistress. We that are accepted by it are merely caretakers. Be hopeful, young Wizard, that it does not accept your magic. For the wand will suck you dry and leave you forever dependant on its power." Dumbledore stared down at the Elder Wand before carefully picking it up once more and wrapping it in a piece of his torn cloak. He would hide the wand somewhere where he hoped no one would find … meanwhile he'd have a wand crafted to look like it, to lead those that sought it away. In the end, Dumbledore hid the Elder Wand in plain sight … after all, where better to hide a single wand, then in a shop of wands? ..::.. Harry watched helplessly as the Dementor crept closer, but he stayed vigilant and shielded his friends from the terrifying creature. The creature shifted its gaze onto Harry alone in the process, but it was as Harry heard the screams and pleas of who could only be his mother in the deepest, darkest part of his memories that it happened. Harry fell in an undignified lump to the floor of the Hogwarts Express train – breaking his Holly and Phoenix Feather Wand in the process – while pleading desperately with teary eyes to please spare his mother – begging whatever deity that would listen to him to stop the sight of his dead mother from flashing through his mind … begging death for the power to prevent the memories from become another's – for the power to stand against the unknown. As the newest Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor finally moved to repel the creature, they all missed a small piece of light enter Harry's now convulsing body. If only they all knew what was happening to Harry inside his mind and magic. ..::.. The soul shard of the one known as Tom Marvolo Riddle – the self-proclaimed Dark Lord Voldemort felt the shift from its vessel and knew that now was the time to strike! Only for the horcrux of the Dark Lord to be quelled ruthlessly by such a force of pure magic that he had never felt before. The essence of something far older and stronger than anything it had ever known was synchronising with Harry Potter's mind and magic, and the shard felt fear course through it … such power was something that even his true and complete form could never obtain, and it was with that revelation that it decided that it'd rather survive with the power than to be irrevocably destroyed by it. The horcrux of Lord Voldemort 'bent the knee' to Harry Potter and allowed itself to be absorbed into his magical essence … to be joined and freed forever more. ..::.. Gellert Grindelwald's essence didn't know how long it wandered the endless currents of the world's magical flow, but it suddenly felt the compulsion to return to the physical plane. Blood of the true wielders of the Deathly Hallows cried out to it and demanded its subjugation to it. So it willingly went – discovering that it was coming from an almost sickly thin boy with wild, raven coloured hair and pained eyes the exact colour of the Avada Kedavra (Killing Curse) curse. It could sense the power deep within the boy – just waiting to be harnessed and it knew! It was the power of its own prophecy. As it surrendered itself to Harry's powerful magic and mind, it felt the essence of another's mind and power – that wouldn't do at all! This child was to be free from anything that would hinder his true power. So it harnessed what it could of the combined magic from Harry and its own and ruthlessly crushed the foreign piece of the other soul. It obviously recognised the true extent of Harry Potter's soon to be complete power and bowed to it willingly – accepting the same fate as its own by synchronising with Harry Potter's mind and magic. The knowledge and power of Gellert Grindelwald and Tom Riddle became Harry's to do with as he wished. ..::.. By the time Harry stopped convulsing, it was only Hermione that noticed the subtle changes to her best friend's body. He seemed healthier, but despite that, he had become a creamy pale instead of his usually pasty complexion. Furthermore, his scar – the infamous scar of the 'Boy-Who-Lived' had faded dramatically with what appeared to be an almost invisible puff of black smoke that wafted away from it. It's usually swollen and red appearance had all but vanished – leaving only the light, faded scar and unblemished skin. Harry groaned and carefully gripped his head as he sat up from the floor. His gaze sharp and predatory as he analysed his surroundings. Hermione shivered pleasantly from the slight glow that accompanied his penetrating gaze. Before she could stop him, Harry stood and looked to the hallway of the Hogwarts Express. He breathed in deeply and exhaled loudly before shifting his gaze to the remains of his broken wand. "My poor, dear wand," Harry spoke – his voice smoother and calmer than Hermione had ever heard – the power hidden behind his smooth voice was intoxicating. "I am sorry to have caused your pain, my dearest friend." As if the wand was alive, it glowed and warmed the room like a warm and inviting fire. "Yes, I know. You can no longer serve me, my dearest." The wand hummed and glowed once more, before it completely died – the warmth fading and the cold returning as if death itself had passed through the room. "I shall never forget your faithful service," Harry spoke softly. The almost tender moment was ruined by the return of Ron Weasley and the D.A.D.A Professor. "Harry, mate," Ron yelled loudly as he slapped Harry on the back – earning a frown from both Harry and Hermione. "You're okay again, pity about your Wand, though right?" "Yes," Harry spoke in his new tone. "A pity indeed." Harry's new gaze turned to the new Professor and he sniffed. "You look familiar to me." "I-I'm Remus Lupin, and I used to know your parents," the now named Remus stuttered – unsure why he felt intimidated by the boy before him. "It's nice to see you again Harrison." "Harrison?" the emerald eyed boy returned. "Your full name is Harrison," Remus informed them. "You're parents used to just call you Harry for short." "I see, I like it actually," Harrison replied. "I never liked being called Harry … it's so informal." Hermione gasped silently at Harry – no Harrison. He used to shy away from speaking out, but now he seemed content to speak his mind … she liked it – it suited her friend to be strong and unafraid. Harrison turned to Ron, who looked like he'd sucked on a lemon by the way his face was pinched. "What is it?" "Harry mate, it's just so Slytherin to call you by your full name," Ron growled. "Your point?" Harrison retorted. "You do realise that I was meant to go to Slytherin in the first place, don't you?" Ron spluttered at the revelation and stormed out of their room. "Hermione, do you think you'll be alright being alone whilst I go speak with a Professor about my wand?" Harrison turned and asked her – she felt a shiver of pleasure at the way he spoke her name. "But, what about Professor Lupin … he's a Professor?" she returned. "I mean this as an intentional offence, Professor Lupin," Harrison spoke. "You have been non-existent in my life since Lord Voldemort took my parents away from me, so you will stay away from me whilst not in classes, am I transparently clear?" Professor Lupin and Hermione both were stunned by Harrison's blunt speech, but he ignored their shock and left in search of the Prefects so that they might point him in the direction of the official escorting Professor. As he walked through the hallways of the Hogwarts Express, the students moved quickly out of his way – as they sensed that something had changed by his face alone. He found the Prefects, who pointed him towards the front of the train, where he came face to face with Professor McGonagall. "Good afternoon, Professor." McGonagall looked at Harry and could feel the maturity in the boy – no young man's magic. "What can I do for you Mr Potter?" she sighed out. "Firstly, I wish to lodge an official complaint" Harrison spoke – shocking the Transfiguration Mistress. "My Magical Guardian has done nothing to ensure that I have been prepared for Magical Society, and I wish to know who the identity of he or she is, so that I may register said complaint." "I don't have time for