Hey everyone. This is my newest story, and the sequel to Tamers of the Sea. Which, if you haven't ready, I suggest you do, otherwise there will be many things in this story that will be rather confusing. But if you'd rather not, then continue on. It is entirely up to you. Anyways, enjoy this first chapter of our new adventure. And many of you can thank Cherrry98blossom for this getting up when it did, I believe they personally reviewed Tamers like 26 times to get a new chapter up. P.S. I will be answering and replying to the review that were made for the last chapter of Tamers of the Sea to start this story out. Valdusanihilate- Haha, I'm sorry it was such a cliffhanger. Hope you enjoy the new story. This journey is about to begin. Fruitqueen- Long time no talk, btw. I'm trying to get a little bit of emotion from you haha. Hope you didn't mind it too terribly. Here is the new story though. Read and enjoy. Cherry98Blossom- Once again, a big thank you for all your reviews. Though silly, I still enjoyed them. And I wish you'd review for more than getting the new book up. But thank you, enjoy. Another Random Human- Nope, it will now. If it seems too futuristic or whatnot, that would be because the gods take a more active role in the world in this story. Or at least begin to a lot when the children are born. And yes, it is a shame to be sure. Thank you for the compliment. I'm actually currently working on a trilogy, which I've already got two publishers interested in. It's part of the reason I'm not updating as much or often, as I'm still working on world-building, creating a language, and tweaking the characters to perfection. .39- Hey Lily! It's awesome you've got an account now! Here's that new story for you. Hope you enjoy. Guest- thank you very much. Guest- Thank you. Thank you. I hope you enjoy this new story. Guest- I will indeed. Sissy- Haha. I have, I have. And right here it is. A Random, Person- Thank you, and now you've got the opportunity to do so. The new story is here. Rolos- Mostly I've read so much, have quite the imagination, and already wrote poems and music, (It's my major) and now I'm working on a book. But practice is important. We Luv PJ- Thank you. More is here. Julia- I'm thankful that I'm the story for you. I hope you keep reading and get to this story after. Thank you. Stacieamazegirl- Thanks haha. And a huge Sunflower doesn't really go with the whole underworld, death theme that Hades has going. Guest- thank you. I plan too. Guest- Thanks, I thought it was a neat idea. Guest- Yes, a cliff hanger, I'm sorry haha. And unfair to be sure. I totally agree. And no need to be desperate, the new story is here. Read and enjoy. Cookieslurver34- (I love cookies too.) Lolz. Good, then it served it's purpose. But no worries, the new story is here, with the FULL chapter. So I enjoy. Macaroniaddict12- The sequel is here, and ready to be read. Enjoy. Crazymuffin64- Dat sequel, is here and ready for you. Enjoy. Guest- Thank you very much. Stickman6969- Well the Sequel has arrived. And I plan to, thank you. Guest- It's still unique as she'll never be as strong in any way to him. But it was a way for them to bond and become closer. I hope you've kept reading, and plan to read this chapter as well. Random Person- Thank you. I appreciate it. Hello- Hi! And they did indeed. 0o0- Yes, yes he does. Guest- Lolz. Well thank you very much, I'm glad you like it. And I hope you read this one as well. Hi- Hello! I don't mind at all. I'm glad you enjoy it and find it 'yummy'. I hope this new story is Delicious. Cherry98Blossom- Thanks again haha. I have a full page on my browser of your reviews when looking at them. Chapter 1 He was a newcomer at this gym. He's just moved into town and was looking to prove himself here. He'd been the undefeated champion at his last gym. He was an ex-marine, and a rough and tumble sorts. Entering the room he found it full of people mostly lifting weights, only a few of them on the mat, or sparing some. Walking towards the men's locker room, he changed into his shorts and a tight fitting tank, slightly annoyed that they didn't allow shirtless workouts, but still confident that his muscled physique would garner the ladies attention in the gym. Especially the brunette he'd seen when walking in. He was sure she'd given him an appreciative up down when he was walking through. He'd test his theory after knocking out someone on the mats. Walking back into the gym as he began wrapping his fists, he walked over to a mat where a two large men were fighting. One a larger African American man was winning his fight against his slightly bigger white friend. It ended with a solid punch landed on the larger man's chin. Causing him to tap out. "I've got a date tonight here James. Otherwise I'd keep going. But I'd rather not show up to the date with too many bruises on my face. I'm already worried about that last hit. It was a solid hit." He laughed as the friends clapped hands in front of them. "No problem man. I got you. I was hoping for a good fight, but maybe Jackson will show up. He's always up for a round. Though he doesn't let me land to many hits before he finishes the fight. You have a good day man. Good luck on that date tonight Verner!" "You know it James. See you round!" The men split, James staying on the map, as the larger man Verner took off towards the locker room for a shower. "You looking for a new partner?" The man spoke, crossing his arms imposingly over his large physique. "You must be new here then? Sure, I'm up for a few rounds. Rules are pretty simple here, nothing below the belt, and no breaking bones, or tearing muscle. Stop if they tap out. Other than that, anything goes. Sound good?" "That'll work just fine." The man responded. "Can I get your name? Mines James." The large African man offered his hand towards his new sparring partner. "Names Caleb. Let's get this going. I haven't hit anything in a while." With an odd look at him over that comment, James through his hands up, deciding to test the rookie and see how well he did before he really committed. "Alright you two. Ready. Set. Fight!" Called a nearby spectator. Caleb flew from his ready pose like lightning, landing blow after blow on the surprised James who was now back pedaling and trying to get a defense up. But was taking too many strong blows to the face and chest from the man in front of him. "That's enough! That's enough!" They were pulled apart by several spectators as Eddie thrashed against them for a moment. "Come on! We were just getting going!" Looking around, he spotted the brunette from earlier, her eyes having been drawn to the noise. Mistaking her look of worry for James as sadness for himself not finishing the fight. Caleb turned to the spectators. "Anyone else up for a round?" After this he fought three more men, each of whom started off better than James, not giving Caleb the element of surprise. But still he'd thoroughly beat each opponent, having to be pulled apart as he'd fail to see, or at least, acknowledge their sign of tapping out and continue hitting them. Even breaking one man's nose from too many hits. With the final fight ending, he waltzed over towards the brunette he'd seen, who was currently preparing to do some squats. "That's it baby. Nice and low." Caleb whistled appreciatively. She stopped her squats and set down her weights. "Can I help you?" She asked annoyed, this man had been ogling her since he'd entered. "Just wanted to introduce myself and see if you were, perhaps up for a drink later on tonight. Names Caleb." He said, extending a hand with a smile. "On a Monday night? I'm good. Thank you though." She dismissed, turning back to put her weights up, deciding that squats weren't what she should be doing right now. "Oh come on. Just one drink." Caleb pressed, moving closer to her and back her up into her weights. "I said no. Now if you'll –" Getting angry he stepped even closer. "Come now darling. That ain't no way to treat the new champion around here." Her scoffing laugh angered him even further. "Please. The people you've fought today are all pretty good, I'll give you that. But if you want to be the king around here you've got to take on Jackson. And I've only seen about three people here who can even land a blow on him. Let alone win. But it was a cute attempt. Now if you'll please move. Now." She finished with a blazing glare at the large man who was backing her further into a corner, and way into her personal space. "Well where is he. I'll beat his ass, and then you'll go for a drink with me right? That sound good? Huh?!" AS he spoke he kept getting closer, enjoying the look of fear in her eyes as he kept getting closer, knowing she couldn't take out her much larger opponent very easily, if at all. She's seen him fighting, and he was good. The hand that grabbed on to his shoulder and pulled him backwards and onto the floor was powerful. His grip like iron as Caleb was tossed backwards. "You alright there Danielle?" The voice was smooth like the ocean, concern flecking in as the man stepped forward to help her out of the corner she's been pushed into. "I am now. Thanks, this creep was beginning to worry me. Wasn't sure I could take him. Thanks Jackson. If you're wanting a drink tonight, I'm buying." She finished with a wink, aggravating Caleb to no end as he stood up, the man who'd thrown him had his back to him as the girl, Danielle threw a flirtatious wink at the man in front of him. Caleb put his hand on the shorter and thinner man in front of hims shoulder, planning to throw him back as he'd done to Caleb himself. He was met by an unmoving wall of flesh as the man simply shrugged off his pull and turned about. "I think it's time for you to go buddy. You've stepped way out of bounds here today and need to leave. So do so, before I make you." It was Caleb's first look at the man. He was probably the most attractive man he'd ever seen. Messy raven black hair, with eyes that were a deep sea green that were currently glaring at him. He wasn't bulky in his muscle mass, but he was as if cut from marble, almost godlike in his looks and body. "You Jackson?!" Caleb angrily questioned, not liking the attitude of this, admittidely good looking, but also smaller opponent in front of him. "I might be." "Good. I'm wanting to have a good fight, and hear you're the person to ask. Mind going a few rounds?" Jackson's eyes looked back towards Danielle. "He's already fought James, Mallory, Vick, and Smith. Broke smith's nose, and opened up some nice cuts on James face after coming out of the ready stance for blood. Not to mention his behavior with me. The man needs a beating." She stated, having finished putting up her weights from before. "Well then, seems I will be willing