/ Footnotes labeled with numbers will be found at the bottom of the chapter / Disclaimer: this content is subject to editing. It may (in the most likely case) change very little, and it may only be word choice or order. If major edits are done (as this every chapter will always be a work in progress until it is said that it is completed) then they will be in a notification at the top of said chapter. In the year 1936 in Germany, Adolf Hitler had been declared führer directly after president Hindenburg had died two years prior, and came to power as the complete dictator of the Nazi state. Every citizen was expected to own a volume of Mein Kampf , and they were all supposed to join the Nazi party no matter what their social or economic status; if a man didn't enter, then he would be putting himself and his family at great risk of being taken away, never to be seen or heard from ever again. A boy and his family, however, who resided in the German state, were not Nazis, as their nosy, horse-faced neighbors constantly reminded them, sometimes shouting out the window in the mornings when his mother was hanging up laundry or shaking out a rug. The boy's father was an apothecary, and was trained in England, which was well known for its herb-work around the wizarding world; he specialized in both muggle and magical goods at his shop, Faust's Apothecary & Other Medicinal Supplies . Oftentimes the boy's father would make small explosions from magical potions that would do silly things, albeit nothing harmful. He was also an admirable cellist and played in a local symphony orchestra, although it paid little to nothing. His mother was a delivery woman who brought packages (never letters) to people's front doors, and had a very small salary, plus whatever tips she was given from her customers, and was always home an hour before dinnertime to prepare the evening meal, which usually wasn't more than a bowl of soup and bread. The boy was named Oliver Faust. He was only six years old, but knew how to play the violin quite well, considering his young age. His repertoire wasn't horribly wide, but he knew a few professional pieces, and was learning newer ones as best he could at quite an astonishing rate. His teacher often prided him strictly, always telling him that he could do something better; so he did. He didn't need to go so far to perform, but he did so often at a small church about a mile away from his small home with the surprisingly good volunteer orchestra his father played in as principal cellist. He didn't live in a particularly rich part of Dresden, but not near the dirt poor slums. His family didn't even own a car, but were lucky enough to not have to share an apartment complex with the rest of the city, like most of its residents were forced to. While blood status mattered elsewhere, it was an even more important 'virtue' in Germany, to the point where muggle-born wizards and their families were kicked into mud and beaten in the middle of the street by other magical folk, at the worst of times. Oliver's mother, Christa, was a muggle, while his father Arlo wielded a wand made of ash and dragon. He used to be a member of the Magische Polizei[1] before he had completed his training as an apothecary, and was a first-rate officer, one of the best that the Magische Versammlung[2] had to offer before he quit. All of the subordinates and higher-ups he had started to gradually be sucked into the world of the Nazis, abiding by their rules and customs without the bat of an eye. Oliver was expected to be as powerful as his father or even more so, according to his former co-workers; he wasn't so sure they saw that he wasn't much of the fighting-type. He'd rather stay in his room, or perhaps go to the piano bench to practice, and then perhaps perform a piece or two at the stage and afterwards play with ladybugs and worms in the yard outside. Along with his passion for music, the boy loved to read. Unfortunately, many books were taken and burned because the German Student Union did not deem them to be correct; the books that were banned opposed German beliefs in one way or another. "This one was written by a Jewish author,'' they said, or " this one by Albert Einstein says that science and religion are coexisting! Such nonsense," they cried, and piled the books higher into mighty pyres, splattering them with kerosene as they jumped and danced in flame and fire. So, Oliver decided with a leap of faith that he would take the cover off of his copy of Mein Kampf and slip it over his storybook, telling about a prisoner who made his life from nothing, and then raised an orphan girl and died a martyr in a revolution-scarred land. That was a great risk, but he thought that Mein Kampf was probably the worst book ever written, and he'd rather not deal with it if he didn't have to. Oliver had been forced to listen to it being read aloud during class while at school (where he was given the book in the first place), but he tried not to pay much attention unless Frau Feige decided that a pop quiz was necessary for the well being of her class. Of course, she rarely did, because she didn't like grading every single paper so much; she was often lazy, but still very strict. He so wished to go to a magic school when he was older instead of the rotten schoolhouse he was stuck in, but a thing such as that was not possible at that point in time. Since he was only six and not nearly old enough to attend Altenstein's, the wizarding school located in northern Germany, he had no idea how to use such magic as was associated with the former work of his father's. When he was about four or five, Hitler had purposely shut it down through the magical government with the knowledge that the leaders of every other country in the world, whether axis, allied, or neutral, also knew of the magic world (the leaders, at least). He had thought that if the only magical school was still running in his empire and with the number of wizards coming out, the outcome would mean a greater risk of a magical revolt against his campaign, and he would be overthrown. Ergo, shutting down the school and making all magic-related items and affairs illegal, including wands, magic books of any sort, magical creatures, nonverbal magic, and anything else that a witch or wizard could do different than a muggle, was the answer. Essentially, they would be more restricted, freedom-wise, than an everyday German citizen. Although all magic of any kind was banned, any witch or wizard individuals that were at all known were captured and taken to a concentration camp to be re-educated, as they called it. The process consisted of the usual practices concerning brainwashing, but was accelerated by one variable: the dementor's kiss. While Hitler was a muggle, he had known of the existence of magic for the entirety of his life, yet knew very little about it for most of that time. His three surviving siblings, Paula, Angela and Alois, all had turned out to be muggle-born magic-users. All but him were magical, and they never spoke of it to him when he asked, so he was left in the dark as a child. He used that lifelong curiosity that had plagued him to fuel his vision for the future of his Reich . He was able to brainwash prisoners faster with the dementors, and once the magical ones were brainwashed, they were re-educated with Nazi ideals and joined a secret army consisting of only witches and wizards: The Geheimen Truppen [3]. They spanned the entire European continent, most prominent in Germany, and also had situated themselves in few parts of Asia, the US, and Great Britain; they were in the concentration camps, and could sort out the magic from the muggles; they worked with the gestapo; they roamed the streets as regular civilians would. The entire network of the GT was like a spider web engulfing a fly that had no idea it was trapped in the first place. All of the magic would be his; he would be thwarting his downfall and growing stronger at the same time, and his security would only increase as the years ranked up behind him in his place as chancellor; dictator, rather. Oliver's magical abilities, like with every young witch or wizard around or at his own age, had begun to blossom. Thus, he had to be that much more cautious and conscious of himself while learning to control his spontaneous, pedagogical bursts of magic while out in public, if he ever went; his father said it would be dangerous. Oliver had neither a wand nor magical training, but his father had told him of a few useful spells that could be of some use to him once he was able to learn magic and obtain a wand: stupefy, expelliarmus, and reducto; all spells that were used in dueling. "Like father, like son," he said proudly. The boy could only hope not to disappoint him. "Maybe this one could make the drinker meow like a cat?" Oliver suggested to his father, who was brewing a concoction for his boy to play with. Arlo did just so, mixing in three hairs from a cat and a scale from a grindylow. Oliver's father was a tall man, and had dusty blond hair paired with blue eyes; befitting enough for the average German man, at least according to the Nazi's ideals, so he was widely accepted as a good Aryan. He usually had his apron on, and it carried the battle scars of exploding potions and the powdery remnants of herbs and spices. His hands always seemed to be covered in chalk whenever he was at work, and was continually wiping them on his armored torso. "Alright, it will be done by tonight. I'll bottle it up later and tomorrow we can see if it works," Arlo said, picking up his son and lifting him off of the counter where he had been perched. "Whew-! You're getting big, mein Junge! How old are you now?" "Almost six, Vati. My birthday is next month." "What do you want, then?" Oliver thought for a moment. "A new book. Maybe one with fairy tales?" "I'll see if I can get the money for it by then," he thought out loud, turning the burner off from under the potion to let it sit for a few hours. He heard the bell to the door of the shop ring, and he set Oliver down, walking briskly to the counter, a hard, business-like expression on his face. "May I help you-? Ah, Christa!" He softened, and kissed his wife from behind the counter. "My break is almost up and I need someone to help me carry some packages. Can Oliver do it, Liebe?" Oliver put his arms on the top of the counter and attempted to peer over the top of the tabletop. "Yes I can!" Arlo chuckled. "Alright, get a move on. I probably won't be too busy for the rest of the night, but I still have to stay for another hour or two. Will you be back at home by then?" "Yes, and I'll make knödel[4] tonight." Arlo nodded, and then was quiet. He whispered, "What if… what if the gestapo come tonight?" "You say that every night for days and they haven't come yet," Christa reasoned, growing nervous, herself. She sighed and whispered, "It will be okay, please don't be so worried.