Chapter 1 – Games of State Maenon accepted the glass of wine from his King. He was not particularly comfortable with the familiarity or with the idea that his King was serving him, but neither was he about to tell Thranduil to stop. Thranduil had a peculiar way of looking at him, which made even Maenon fall silent. Maenon was old – old by even Elven standards – and he recognised power when he saw it. Power that could not be resisted, power that nurtured when accepted and destroyed when opposed. For a moment, Maenon almost felt sorry for the little Princess. It was a brief moment, but Maenon had seen through the long years what happened to those who opposed his King. It was not pleasant, and it would be such a waste. The girl had potential – she would make a good Queen – and wife. Already she brought such passion into the Prince's life. To lose that now – yes, waste it would be. Maenon took a small sip of his wine, his face hardening into its usual ironic smile. If the Princess thought that the Wood-elves were easy targets, then she was a fool. If she thought that she could betray them with impunity, then it was best that Thranduil deal with her. Maenon was certain that whatever he did would be well deserved. The moment had passed. *~ I wish you luck in whatever you plot, little Princess, for it will not be enough. ~* "What do you smile about, Captain?" "Nothing in particular, my Lord. I was thinking about the Princess." "What were you thinking about her in general? I would be greatly interested in learning what thoughts bring that exacting smile on your face." "I was thinking how well you had handled her, my Lord. Giving her the illusion of independence when in truth she has none." Thranduil raised a sardonic eyebrow as he looked at his Captain, spymaster and many things more. "And how do you know that she needs 'handling'?" "Would you have me spying on her if she did not?" "Perhaps I would. Perhaps I would have you watch her just for the sheer spite of it." "I doubt that, my King. If you watch her, then she needs watching." "Such confidence in me, Maenon. I would not have thought you capable of such blindness." "It is not blindness, my Lord. It is an instinct born of experience. I have not seen any of King Oropher's scions do anything for spite and doubt that I ever will." "And you do not think it is spite to spy on one's own daughter?" "Not if the daughter is hiding something. And the Princess is, is she not?" "Yes." Thranduil's face hardened. "And I would know what it is." "As my Lord commands. It shall be done." Maenon tossed back the rest of the wine in his glass and rose from his seat, only to freeze when Thranduil called his name. "You will be careful." It was not an expression of concern but one of command. "I know you think her to be young but do not sell her short. She might not have your experience but she has others around her who do. Alone she is dangerous, together they are formidable." "You speak of the elf who rode with her today." "Yes." "The one they call Cothion." "I do not want him alone with Legolas." "Should you not be telling Herenion this, my Lord?" "Herenion already knows. He does not need to be told. But I do not want Legolas to know that I am keeping this Cothion away from him." Maenon nodded. Thranduil paused, wondering whether to continue or not. But in the end his less noble impulses won out. "Encourage it that Lady Rhinure and her Heir are left alone as much as possible. Engineer it if you have too. I do not have to tell you that I should be told of whatever they say." "Of course not, my King." "And Maenon," Thranduil paused to make sure that the older Elf was giving him his undivided attention. "If Legolas finds out about this, it will not be well for you." "I understand, my Lord. But I do hope you appreciate that it might be difficult to separate the Prince from the Princess without the Prince's cooperation." "I appreciate the difficulty, but trust that you will be creative in finding the solution." "Always." x – x – x – x – x – x – x – x Thranduil twirled the wineglass; not really watching the way the light from the fire hit the red liquid. Lost in his thoughts, replaying the report Maenon had just made, going over each and every line again and then just once more, Thranduil absentmindedly noted the way the red colour stained his hand. *~ Almost like blood. ~* Thranduil watched with a morbid fascination as a tilt of the glass painted his entire palm red. In his long and often violent life, it had become a familiar sight – his hand covered in blood – blood of his enemies, willingly spilt for the protection of his people, blood of his friends, bitterly surrendered for the good of his people, blood of his own, readily offered for his Realm, blood of his son, given despite all his struggles. So much and in the end, never enough. How much more would be spilt before the elves would finally have peace? How much of it would be Avari blood? Now that Thranduil was alone, he allowed himself the luxury of worrying about his new daughter. Despite all the mistrust and secrecy that still existed between them, Thranduil had genuinely become fond of Rhinure. He was too much his father's son not to feel regret for what he was about to do. Oropher would not have approved of his decision to spy on her. He would not have condoned these lies or let these games of state continue. No, he would have been courageous and confronted Rhinure. He was have been honest and accepted the consequences, whatever they might have been. He would have had the strength to do what was right instead of what was expedient. But Thranduil was not Oropher. He lacked the courage and the conviction of his father. Where his father would have blazed through the situation, burning a clear path for his people by the sheer force of his will, Thranduil waited and manipulated. He was not Oropher, who picked up everything and started anew because he would not submit to something he believed was wrong. Many had thought Oropher lacking in subtlety and the ability to wield power with any finesse. But Thranduil thought his father had always had a greater power – the power to change those around him without giving up what was important. How Thranduil wished he had that skill. Then he would be able to change Rhinure instead of having to force her into the position he needed. Oropher would be disappointed in his son today. Setting Maenon after Rhinure, as if she was a piece of choice meat to be hunted. Having her watched so that she could be exploited in a moment of weakness. All so that Thranduil would have what he wanted, that elusive piece of information she seemed so determined to hide from him. *~ I wish you were here, Adar. You won a Kingdom for us. I wish you were here to save it now. ~* Thranduil set the glass down on the table beside him. He hated what he had to do, but he would see it through. What he did, he did for the good of the Realm, and given no choice he would use ever trick, every ounce of will he had learned in these long years of war to make sure his plans succeeded. The time of the elves was ending, and Thranduil would make sure that it would be a good end for his people. But still, he did not have to like what he did. He would at least keep faith with those principles of honesty and decency that his father had taught him and deplore what necessity made him do. Games of state made him scheme, but they could not rob him of his aversion for such games. *~ I hope that is enough for you, my King – my father. ~* x – x – x – x – x – x – x – x From his post in the shadows, Arandur watched Maenon leave Thranduil's rooms. The older elf paused near Arandur and almost sniffed the air like the hound he was – Thranduil's hound – loosed on the King's commands to wreck havoc on his enemies. Arandur had seen what the older elf could do, and it was not a pleasant memory. The Wood-elves had survived not only through strength of arms and courage but also through trickery and conspiracy. Maenon was that mysterious face of the elves, that arm of Thranduil that the King wielded but did not admit to. And now that hound had been loosed again – Arandur could tell as much from the way Maenon walked. There was a freedom in the Captain's stride, a relish that came from doing what one was best at. The hound hunted this day and his prey was Avari. Arandur was no spymaster, familiar in the games of intrigue and espionage, but neither was he a fool, too blind to see what was in front of his eyes. Thranduil plotted; as his bodyguard Arandur had seen that look in his King's eyes before. It was accompanied by a stillness that stirred every instinct of danger that Arandur possessed. It was the stillness of the great hunting cat before it brought down its victim. He had been too distracted by the sight of his brother to have recognised that look, but now, in retrospect, Arandur knew it. Thranduil was planning something, and the targets were his people. Or at the very least, his Mistress. Maenon's absence from the normal patrols, the time spent alone with Thranduil, his very walk now – all were sure signs that he had been given a task. Thranduil's insistence that Arandur not be present for Maenon's report had confirmed the Captain's suspicion that it had something to do with the Avari. Thranduil watched the Avari, Arandur was certain of it and he was certain Mistress Rhinure was as well. But to send Maenon after her, if indeed that was what Thranduil had done, was an escalation in the security surrounding her. It was a sign that Thranduil had upped the stakes in this game they played. And he played the game to win, if his confidence was any indication. In not hiding his conference with Maenon from his Captain, Thranduil had thrown down the gauntlet. Arandur wondered if Mistress was aware of these developments. She had seemed distracted by the Prince today, perhaps she had not noticed that others had been less sincere in their enthusiasm about her return. If she was not, then should she be told? As Arandur watched Maenon walk away, seemingly unaware of the Avari's presence, that question revolved round and round in his head. Should he tell her of what he had seen? Arandur knew how the conversation would play out. Mistress would note his concerns but she would ask him if he knew anything more concrete than a subject leaving his King's chambers. Arandur would be forced to answer that he did not have any proof, and Mistress would reasonably ask why she should be concerned. And in the end, the only answer Arandur would be able to make was that this entire incident just felt wrong. It felt important, like a harbinger of change. Arandur smiled wryly, he could hear Mistress reaction clearly – with all its admonishing intonations. Feelings are not proof, they are not concrete, they are not