Hello! I'm Isabelle. I'm very glad you decided to give this little fic of mine a chance. Hope you enjoy your stay! The Hunger Games belongs to Suzanne Collins. What if Gale, overtaken by the grief of seeing his oldest friend about to be swept into the monstrosity that is the Hunger Games, volunteered for Peeta and took his place? Gale Hawthorne x Katniss Everdeen "Of all wonders that I yet have heard, It seems to me most strange that men should fear; Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come." —William Shakespeare Part I: "The Tributes" It felt as if a crushing weight was posed on my chest as I laid stiffly on the mattress my sister and I usually shared, my sad attempts to get sleep only to be met by memories of hunting the day before and aggressive worries for today. My fingers stretched out for what felt like the thousandth time that night, craving my sister's warmth but only succeeding in sweeping themselves through the cold air. With a sigh, I lazily forced my eyes to open and drift to the side, fighting the morning sunlight streaming through the tattered curtains and into my family's cottage. It casted diamond-like patterns over my mother and sister's porcelain faces, making my sister glow almost as vividly as primroses, the flower she was named after. My heart sunk as I remembered that this year, that very name was swimming in the Effie Trinket's glass orbs, or, her scythes. They were used with razorblade smiles and static laughs during the annual Reaping ceremonies. Of course, Prim was only entered once. Just once. But that lone strip of parchment created a shadow on the already fully din blackness of my worries. I gripped a handful of the covers strewn across my body in an attempt to calm the newly awakened anxiety welling up inside my chest, making my throat sore as I tried to swallow it down. Almost as if my mind had wanted to add on to the anxiety, a new name arose in it, making me clench my jaw tightly together and throw my legs over the side of my bed in one rapid movement. Gale. It was almost funny how he had spent a good portion of yesterday's hunting time trying to comfort me when he famously maintained a striking forty-two slip count in Effie's collection of names. "I don't understand why you always get so worked up over the reapings," he had said, "We always end up safe. It'll be just like last year, and the year before." I bit my lower lip before giving Prim and my mother a hasty, pained glance. Even if the reapings were taking place today, I still had the duty of putting food in their mouths. A new sense of determination washed over me in a wave as I worked my feet in the leather boots posed at the side of my bed, the material molding around them in familiarity. Besides, the thought of a little hunting calmed my restless nerves. Or maybe it's the fact that Gale will be waiting for you there. Pursing my lips, I forced this thought to the back of my mind and stood up from my bed. Still slightly weakened from my fatigued state, I swiftly put my hair in a clumsy braid and retrieved my game bag from the corner of the room. I gave my father's hunting jacket a considering glance, but decided against it after another look at the sun shining over the district. My feet casually carried themselves towards the door leading to the outside of my cottage before they came to a halt, the quiet sound of Prim's voice giving me a start and making me turn on my heel to face her. "Katniss, are you going hunting?" Her tone came out still clouded with sleep, making a slight feeling of guilt churn inside my stomach at the thought of waking her up. "Yeah," I murmured. Prim let her head sleepily nod before she gave my hunting bag a thoughtful glance. "Be back in time, okay?" "Okay," I muttered, a little quieter this time. I knew she was talking about the Reaping automatically. She gave me a long, thoughtful look before tightening her petal-pink lips into a sheepish smile. "I don't know why I'm worried about that. Gale would never let you be late," she mused, "There's a gift on the table." I craned my neck to look at the table almost in surprise before being met by an upside-down, wooden bowl laid at the center of it, probably to protect its contents from hungry rodents. Under it was a perfect little ball of goat cheese, wrapped in basil leaves to preserve its taste. I felt the corners of my mouth curl up into a warm smile before I turned to thank my sister, only to see that she was already well into another slumber next to my mother. A look of distress was evident on her angelic features, even in sleep. I swallowed hard before tucking the ball of cheese in my game bag and making my way out the door, taking care to shut it as gingerly as I could manage behind me. The part of District 12 that Gale and I lived in was nicknamed The Seam, and it was usually crawling with half-asleep coal miners begrudgingly heading out for their morning shifts at this hour—their shoulders hunched in exhaustion and their knuckles swelled from overwork, the fingernails adorning them blackened from coal dust. When I had stepped out of my cottage, though, I was only met by empty streets. I took in a fresh, deep breath of cool air, the feeling of it working its way into my lungs awakening me from the inside. My legs almost eagerly carried me to the chain-linked fence leading into the woods—a sad excuse for a security system, even though it kept most of the flesh-eaters out and most of the frightened District 12 individuals in. Crawling under the fence had almost become natural to me with practice, to the point where I could swiftly drop to the ground, pull myself under it, and rush into the trees without being seen. It wouldn't matter if I was caught, though, even though hunting was strictly forbidden in the districts. We're all too hungry for that. The route to the hollowed tree in which I had taken a habit of hiding my father's bow and sheath in had become so familiar to my legs, getting to it took no thought at all. I retrieved my weapons out of it with careful hands before routinely making my way to a hunting ground—our hunting ground. I felt the anxiety that had overtaken me this morning quickly diminish and be replaced with sheer excitement, my pace quickening as the strained muscles in my face relaxed. I half-sprinted through the trees, knowing that my hunting partner was probably waiting behind them. I fought my way to the clearing and found him sitting patiently on our rock, his eyes locked on the valley it overlooked. Responding to the crunch of the leaves beneath my boots, his head instantly whipped around and his eyes met mine, a mirror of ashen grays. One of his brows sloped as his mouth pulled taut into a grin. "You're late," he said with mock surprise, "The penalty will be severe, as I'm sure you already know, my dear Catnip." I fought to glare at him, but felt a smile play on my lips instead. "My name is Katniss, Gale." He let out a chuckle, his torso shaking with quiet laughter before he warmly murmured, "It's not my fault you were so shy when we first met." My thoughts were immediately directed to the first time I had spotted this raven-haired boy, shortly after both of our fathers had died in a mining accident. Hesitant glares, intricate and beautifully woven snares, foreign footprints in the wet dirt, a gentle voice asking for my name, my own voice coming out wrangled and quiet: "Katniss." "Well, Catnip, stealing is punishable by death, or hadn't you heard?" Dozens of corrections later and he was still fixated on the nickname, laughing whenever lynxes caught our trail and giving me sideways glances of amusement when they pawed at my ankles looking for handouts. I was roused from my thoughts by the sound of Gale patting the rock he was sitting on, scooting himself over and making room for me. I made my way over to him without hesitation, tossing my game bag onto his lap as I sat myself down. "Keep up that attitude, and I'll keep Prim's present all to myself." Gale arched a brow at me, picking up his game bag from the ground with a lank arm and bringing it into my view. "You're not the only one with treats today." We connected gazes sternly, and it only took a few seconds before he tossed the bag at me with an exhalation of something like defeat. I caught it and felt a spongey crunch in my palms, the fragrance of fresh-baked bread wafting out of its opening and causing my mouth to flood with saliva. My eyes must have widened too, since I heard Gale try to suppress a fit of laughter. "You're welcome," he chimed, "Now what about Prim's present?" I wordlessly handed him my game bag, and he fished out the lump of cheese, a dreamy haze shining through the ashen filter of his eyes. "People must be feeling generous today." Today. My face fell, thoughts of the Reapings immediately taking control of my mind and making the anxiety from earlier pulse against my ribcage. Gale, somehow able to sense mostly all of my emotions, scooted closer to me and put a warm hand over mine. "She was only entered once, Katniss." His words were monotone, automatic. He had said them multiple times before. I furrowed my eyebrows, unable to look him in the eye. "What about your family, then? What about you?" The thought of losing Gale, the only person I could be myself with, made my pulse go into even more of a frenzy. "Forty-two isn't exactly a lucky number." "I'm not the only one. There are plenty of people in The Seam entering their children more than that for tesserae," Gale said in an unwavering tone, as dreary and breathless as a sigh. "Calm down that pretty little head of yours." I forced a few deep breaths in and out of my lungs, ignoring the protests of my already raw throat, a sort of sickness bubbling in my core. Gale's grip on my fist grew tighter with each passing second before he finally removed it and placed it below my chin, turning my head and making my gaze meet his. "I promise we'll all be safe." His eyes, normally the shade of a muted smokey sky just before evening, were now flaring like hot charcoals. His hands, able to make complicated snares that were impossible for any animal to escape from, could just as effectively entrap me. My knees began trembling as I felt his warm breath blow across my face. I knew that there was no way he could guarantee the safety of everyone we cared about, but the absolute determination in his tone somehow made me believe every word. After Gale had gone through the tedious task of calming me down, we had set off with our usual business. If he was as nervous as I was for the reaping, he was definitely very good at hiding it. His feet swift and noiseless, his aim fast and precise. We ended up filling his entire game bag and half of mine with fresh geese, and on his belt hung a few squirrels. I filled up the remainder of my bag with strawberries, the bush a blessing when we had found it. "I think we're good