Warnings: A lot of fantasy creatures. Just...a lot. The Weasley's were a family of fire-dragons, all of them born in one clutch but hatching slowly, as how it usually was with Molly's line, the Great Dragons. Ron thought his family was weird. This was attributed to coming across some dragon books and realizing that dragons were apparently supposed to be territorial and resent sharing space. He came to terms with it though, like he came to understand that while other dragons might be like that, the Weasley's were different. He attributed this to his dam's line, the Great Dragons of the East. Ron's hoard was achievements. Not even great, outstanding achievements like his clutch-brother Bill achieved in Hogwarts School of Magical Creatures, or world-breaking achievements like his clutch-brother Charlie. No, Ron's hoard was a small collection of achievements, like watching the dawn for the first time on top of a hill. Making his dam laugh long and loudly after she'd argued with his sire and stank the den with her smoke in anger. Ron's hoard was small and understated; something his family struggled to understand. He understood why that is, though it doesn't prevent the hurt from settling in. After all, the entire family's hoards were large, flashy and attention grabbing. Bill hoarded beautiful things and guarded them. He was good friends with the Veela's, and even moved there after he'd graduated, much to their dam's dismay. Charlie didn't hoard things, but he chased after dangerous, exciting things. Usually adventures. He went through adventures in his human form and enjoyed the struggle of it. It was certainly attention grabbing. Mostly for their dams stress levels. Percy hoarded facts. Everyone initially assumed he hoarded the printed word – libraries, but after clutch-sister Ginny had accidentally burnt his books and he didn't get angry, they all realized that he'd already hoarded and memorized everything written and didn't mind having the physical copies burnt. The twins hoarded innovation. New things, exciting things and frequently invented them because the world moved too slow for them. Ginny hoarded things that were different, like witch-sprite Luna who showed she was more sprite and less witch than the rest of her clan. This was difficult to their sire's stress levels too, since sentient things are difficult hoards and there are rules about it that the government dithered about. Compared to that, was it any surprise that Ron's small hoard was negligible? The twins even teased him sometimes, of having no hoard at all, that he wasn't a dragon after all. It hurt, but Ron persevered. His hoard may have been small, but it was still beautiful and he guarded it jealously. . Meeting Harry Potter, last descendant of Merlin's line of Wizards, came as a complete shock to Ron. He wasn't like Ginny, who'd damn near salivated over the thought of Harry Potter, so certain was she that he would belong in her hoard. Or Percy, who wanted to fill in the gaps of facts left when Harry Potter disappeared in the remnants a crumbling cottage in Godric's Hollow. No, he didn't even know that he would become Harry Potter's friend, and would come to hoard his laughter. Ron inhaled Harry's firefly smiles and his quiet giggles. He devoured the sun-brightness of Harry's green eyes as he discovered wizarding sweets. (Dragon sweets were entirely different and entirely too expensive for him to waste time on. His dam made better anyway.) "You're a dragon!" Harry exclaimed, cheeks flushing red with amazement. "Yeah," Ron said shyly. "Uhm, the scientific term is fire-drake. But yeah, dragon." "You would be amazing in camping trips," Harry declared. "Have you ever had that?" "No..?" "Camping trips are supposed to be cold and filled with a lot of bugs. I can take care of the bugs and you can take care of the cold. And the marshmallows…" Harry sighed dreamily. Ron's eyes were wide and he realized he was blushing. "Uhm, thanks." And Harry became part of his hoard. Not that he would ever tell anyone that, making sentient creatures part of hoards was against the rules and having such a famous wizard as part of his hoard somehow made it difficult to call it small and negligible. . Hermione Granger, pixie half-blood, became part of his hoard when she'd clambered on top of a deranged mountain troll screaming in terror but still determined to save Harry's life. Ron watched the proceedings with wide eyes, half afraid to Change into his larger shape for fear of squashing something important and half determined to do it anyway, if only to keep his hoard alive. "Let go of him!" she'd shrieked, pixie eyes going bright with anger but deceptively strong arms wrapping around the Trolls thick neck and squeezing anyway. She had no wings, unable to manifest them yet but she looked like she didn't need them. "Protection of the Seven – ah!" Harry yelped, clutching his staff for dear life. Apparently, being a world-famous wizard at birth meant nothing when he couldn't remember anything at all for sheer terror. "What do you need?" Ron asked Hermione loudly, knowing that the pixie had a plan. Ron didn't mind asking her, his plans were long term and often took a long time to execute. Her plans were quick, fast and better for skirmishes like that. "Get Harry down!" she yelled. Her hair was starting to crackle with lightning and Ron abruptly recalled that she'd said her sire had once been a hero and had swallowed a lightning strike. "I can't concentrate like this." Manifesting his tail was infinitely easier than manifesting a hand or leg. It was safer too, less chances of collapsing the school. Their clutch was all large and collapsing something was a definite possibility. He grabbed Harry with some concentration and the wizard helped, hand releasing something that smelled like the crashing of the tides and made the troll yelp. "You alright?" Ron asked, restraining the urge to sniff Harry just to make sure. Sniffing was bad manners, especially without asking. "Fine," Harry panted. "I hate being useless." Ron patted him down, checking that all pertinent body parts were in place. "You just panicked. It's alright. Now, let's see if we can rescue the troll from Hermione." Ron hoarded Harry's startled laugh. Hermione definitely didn't need rescuing. The troll smoked when they checked and her hair smoothed itself again. Her pixie eyes went back to its normal color and she jumped down delicately. Both boys eyed her with varying degrees of trepidation. That was more efficient than any of them ever expected. "Well, that was simple. I wonder why I panicked in the first place," she murmured. Ron hoarded her smug smile and Harry's indignant protests. . Having Hermione as a friend was infinitely better, because taking care of Harry Potter's laughter was a full time job. One firedrake couldn't do it alone. Harry had the tendency to attract trouble, realize what he'd done wrong and then mope about it . It drove a dragon mad. Hermione realized his problem by the third incident. Ron liked her immensely. She solved a lot of his worries for his hoard. "You need to learn more about Magic and Creatures Harry or one day, you'd get eaten no matter how famous your line is," Hermione declared, thumping a book of Creatures on top of Harry's homework about protective barriers and ignoring Ron's whimper of distress at the thought of his hoard being eaten. Harry pouted. "It's not my fault everyone expects me to just know not to pull a were-cats tail, or that it would be extremely rude to ask if they hack up hairballs after the full moon." Ron determinedly did not laugh. That had been a fun afternoon, playing chase with the pack of were-cats and keeping away from an angry McGonagall. In the end, Hermione had caught the both of them and reamed Harry out for not controlling his impulses and Ron for enabling him. (Ron adored her lectures, she was the only one in Hogwarts brave enough to lecture a dragon.) "No, it's not your fault that your Aunt is a bigot and pretends that the Other World doesn't exist. It is your fault that you continue to be ignorant. Hogwarts houses the most comprehensive magical library in the world and you didn't even bother to research!" She had a point on that one. Poor Harry hung his head and reached for the book. Ron frowned and patted his shoulder in a gesture of solidarity. "If the book confuses you about dragons, you can ask me," Ron said kindly. "A lot of things about dragons are wrong." Harry's grateful look was another one for the hoard. "If the book confuses you about pixies, don't ask me ," Hermione said irritably. "I'm a half-pixie, half-human, half-god. It's amazing I didn't explode into stardust the moment I was born." Ron whined at her low in his throat, knowing she alone would hear. He didn't like to hear about any of them exploding. At all. "Half-god?" Harry asked, taking the distraction and running with it. Anything to ignore the fifteen inch book. "My dad was a hero," she explained. "And heroes have some of a god's essence or something, after they get chosen. My dad's supposed to belong to a fire god in the east, but he swallowed a lightning strike so his magic got confused. So he retired." "How did he marry your mother?" Ron asked, finally unloading a curiosity that had plagued him since he met her. Pixies were vengeful, vicious creatures that held long grudges. They were small and minded their own business. They were also increasingly difficult to find, given that Voldemort had marched most of his undead army through their forest. (That was part of what decimated his army, given that the pixies had gotten angry at the army trampling on their houses.) Heroes had adventures all over the place and often offended pixies. They ought not to have married at all. "She saved his life by accident," Hermione said. "And he accidentally started a pixie courting ritual when he thanked her." Harry sighed dreamily. "Your family is amazing," he said. "My mum was a witch, but my aunt was ordinary so she left the Other World. My dad apparently offended my uncle somehow, so they spent my entire life insisting I was crazy for seeing the Other World. It wasn't until Hagrid came that I realized I wasn't crazy, just different." Ron patted Harry again. It soothed his irritated feelings. "Now, don't keep stalling me, Harry Potter. Read the book," she said firmly. Harry sighed and went back to his book. . Dumbledore banned entry to the third floor corridor and Hermione's curiosity went crazy. Harry's too. "Aren't pixies supposed to not care about things that don't concern them?" Ron asked to stall the pair from charging inside the room. "Blame my father," she answered, like all times she'd gone against a pixie's habits. "Heroes are supposed to investigate curiosities, you know. And help people." Ron arched an eyebrow at Harry. "And what's your excuse?" Harry smiled sunnily, having finally caught on what made Ron relax. It didn't help his gnawing sense of foreboding. "I want to know," he declared. "There's something overwhelmingly magical hidden here and I want to know why. It's keeps asking for my attention." Ron had felt that too, but he's not the sort to hoard curiosities. Percy might have, but being Prefect might have distracted him too much. With a sigh, Ron helped them open the door, Harry's magic glowing a gentle green that made his eyes shine bright. "Oh my gosh that's a Cerberus!" Hermione squealed with glee. Ron wasn't too intimidated, his other self was fairly larger than the Cerberus, but that was a lot of teeth. It was impressive. "How do we put him to sleep?" Ron asked. "All Cerberus have weaknesses." The Cerberus finally noticed the three of them and advanced.