Summary: Successful campaigns cannot be fought when its leaders have different goals. Book Two of the What A Difference A Father Makes series. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. JK Rowling is fucking him up all on her own. A Scattered War Chapter One: European Summers Harry slumped forward on the bench put aside for duellists, letting them get a ringside seat of the action. One of many perks of being a participant in the European Duelling Circuit. Daphne winked at him as she took the steps and blew him a kiss when he grinned up at her. He ran a hand through his hair as he watched the blonde reach the middle of the platform. Her rather concerned looking opponent only managed to grimace as Daphne smiled radiantly. 'Ladies and gentlemen! At long last we have the final for the Underage Witch's Amateur Tournament,' one of the commentators said through a Soronus charm, his faint Spanish accent not lost through the magic. 'And I've gotta admit, I wasn't expecting this sort of match up. A rookie taking on a seasoned veteran, I love when this sorta upset happens don't you Philopus?' 'I couldn't agree more Raphael,' Philopus said, his own Greek accent much more pronounced. He spoke slowly, as if considering each word to make sure he was saying what he meant. 'Especially when she's given us such a show … this newcomer has definitely been showing us just what the Brits can do. I just hope she doesn't run out of steam now she's against a previous champion. Especially when this is Gertson's final underage tournament. Sissy will want to end on a high.' Harry snorted. Yeah, cus Gertson there was any sort of challenge to his girl. Sissel Gertson may be a previous champ but she'd had much weaker match ups than Daphne and only just won her semi-final. Daphne had all but walked her matches. The Norwegian witch didn't appear to be missing that fact either, the sweat on her brow couldn't just be from the Spanish sun. Norwegian or not, it's not like she was wearing anything heavy. Merlin bless the designers of battle robes. They probably hadn't made them so form fitting for the reasons Harry liked, but he considered it a happy coincidence. It certainly enhanced the parts of his girlfriend that had … ahem … grown over the summer. The ref, a black woman with silver teeth mixed in with her normal ones, ran the girls through the usual pre match steps. Checking for enchantments and anything that might give one competitor an edge over the other. It was surprisingly exhaustive but then again, people did get competitive. The arena itself was built on Isla Torralva, halfway between Barcelona and Corsica. One of the very last all magical islands in Europe. It was mostly populated by Spanish wizarding families but it wasn't uncommon to find French, Italian or even Algerian households. Nearly all were dedicated to duelling and tourism. Most of the streets had some kind of hotel or restaurant on them. They made a killing during the summer and mostly spent the rest of the year holding minor tournaments to tide them over. It'd be a nice place to live Harry supposed, but he'd miss the UK. Home was home. With a shine of her silver teeth, the ref deemed both competitors clear and bid them to the starting positions. The protective wards flickered to life with a wave of the ref's wand. A rainbow of colours flashed between each of the stone pillars that marked the boundary. Daphne stared down her opponent, the side profile of her damn impressive as she dropped into the ready stance he'd taught her at the very beginning of their lessons last school year. She'd got it damn perfect now. It was … hot. 'Looks like we're ready to go!' The Spanish commentator shouted. 'Witches and wizards young and old, I give to you your finalists! The explosive newcomer from Great Britain! The fifteen year old rookie looking to make a name for herself … Daphne Greengrass!' The packed arena roared its approval as Daphne waved out with a stunningly beautiful smile. The blonde kept smiling as the roaring slowly dissipated. 'And her opponent, two time champion! The Valkyrie from Vestfold! The Terror of Tønsberg! Sissel Gertson!' The crowd screamed in excitement, the blonde Scandinavian smiled tightly up at them as a chant of something in Norwegian travelled around the arena. They weren't kidding on calling her a Valkyrie. Gertson was nearly a full foot taller than Daphne and her muscled legs were clearly seen through her light brown battle robes. She had experience and pure brute strength over Daphne but she'd always been a bit arrogant when duelling underdogs. Daphne was gonna put her on her arse. A whistle exploded into life from the ref's wand and drew Harry's attention back to the match. Daphne snapped off the first spell, a slippery little curse that pulled out your legs from under you. Gertson sidestepped the spell and lashed out three quick fire curses, stunners and a Bombarda if Harry had to guess, it was hard to hear over the shouts of the crowd. The younger witch dodged the stunners and all but batted the third spell away like an annoying insect. Ropes and ice flew from Daphne's wand and while the older witch dodged the ropes the ice caught her in the side and earned a snarl. The Norwegian witch went on the attack, not keen to be shown up by a newbie, and started hammering Daphne with spell after spell. Her shield charm took the brunt of the damage but with each fresh blow, Daphne was pushed closer and close to the edge. It wasn't looking good as Gertson slashed down and shattered Daphne's shield. With a hiss of pain Daphne rolled out of the follow up spell and cast more ropes at her opponent. Caught unawares, one of Daphne's ropes wrapped around Gertson's wand arm and started to constrict so hard Gertson nearly dropped her wand, giving the Hogwarts student a chance to put some distance between them. The ropes hit the floor just as Daphne was casting a stunner of her own and the taller blonde rebounded the curse back so fast Daphne barely had time to roll out of the way. Red light splattered against the ward and was quickly followed by another light from the other side. The rainbow hue faded away. Daphne rolled forwards, landing on her feet and cursing after Gertson. The older witch stood her ground and dodged or blocked each bolt of magic sent her way. She was so focused on blocking Daphne's attack she didn't catch the sickly green spell that collided with the back of her skull. A scream filled the air as Gertson tumbled forward, the wards dropping as one of the stone pillars crumbled under the body of one of the announcers. Wizards and witches in silver masks and black robes swarmed in from above and before Harry knew what had happened Death Eaters had overrun the arena. He vaulted up onto the platform without thinking, he had to get to Daphne, they could better defend each other if they were together. At least until help came. Daphne turned to him as he got within talking distance. Scared eyes widened as ghostly green shone in her face. She fell and he had to slide to catch her. His arms cradled her on the stone platform. An evil chuckle pierced his mind and Harry was back on the floor screaming and clutching at his head. They will all die Harry Potter. You can do nothing to save them. You will all die. 'DAPHNE!' He screamed until his throat was raw and he desperately pulled her face up to see only vacant eyes. 'NO!' 'NO!' Harry screamed as the covers exploded away from him. 'NO!' The door slammed open and Harry's head shot up. In the faint glow of near dawn light someone rushed through and was in front of him before he had time to put his glasses on. A shimmer of black hair filled his blurred vision as a man approached him. Another person, blonde hair shining in the light, joined the first one. Magic trembled in his fingers and behind his eyes as the blonde one's arms closed around him. He shook in the grip, needing to put distance between them. He couldn't stay still now. If it was someone he could trust they'd know to let go off him. Unless ... Death Eaters. Using the Death Eater's weight Harry flipped them both onto the bed. His attacker landed flat on their back. Harry snarled as his wand thrummed in his hand … the light of his instinctive spell shining in wide blue eyes, millimetres away from the tip. A pulse pumped against his hand, and Harry was vaguely aware that he was being pulled away from his bed by a strong grip. 'Harry!' the first Death Eater shouted, his face pale but his eyes hard. 'Stand down kid! You're safe, it was just a dream.' Harry fought against the grip, he needed to get away. He had his wand he could … 'Harry.' The voice was warmer, calming. His hands on Harry's shaking shoulders. 'Breathe kiddo, it's alright. Deep breaths, come back. Just a dream, nobody's here who wants to hurt you.' Sucking down air Harry held onto the man's arm in a white knuckled grip. He wasn't safe … Death Eaters were attacking the island. Everyone was dead or dying, he was alone and this one was trying to calm him down? The man's face came into focus, piercing scared silver eyes and black hair … Sirius . 'I-I-,' Harry gasped out as air escaped him. 'Death Eaters. I was fighting. Here, where?' 'No Death Eaters Harry,' Sirius said soothingly, squeezing his shoulders. 'We're on the island but you weren't fighting you were sleeping.' 'Daphne …' His grip loosened, colour flooding back into his skin. His eyes stopped burning and the world went blurry again. 'She was … she …' Sirius smiling face came into focus as his glasses were slipped onto his face, the expression strangely sad. He shifted to the side so the rest of the room was revealed. Daphne sat massaging her neck on the edge of his bed. 'She's right here.' Her neck. Why was she rubbing her neck and where was the person who'd attacked him? He'd had them pinned and if they were attacking him Sirius wouldn't have let them out … he'd definitely felt a pulse as well so … 'Daphne.' The blonde girl looked up at him The blonde girl approached him slowly. Her hands stretched out. As if she was holding back an animal who was about to attack. Sweet blessed Merlin … He'd attacked her. He'd nearly killed her. And she was reaching out to him, trying to soothe him. Fucking hell. It's okay,' Daphne rasped, her face pinched and very pale, sweat building at her hairline. 'It's okay, you didn't know what you were doing.' He longed to cling to her, but he daren't. What if he hurt her again? His entire body was shaking as it was. He needed to not be touching her. She had to be safe, away from him. She needed to not be understanding for fuck's sake! 'Daph-' he started but Daphne cut him off with a shushing sound and stroked his messy hair. She wouldn't let him go and her cold touch was burning. 'It's okay Harry,' she said softly. Her voice the same quality as Madame Pomfrey from school as she cradled him in her arms. 'You're safe, you're in your hotel room with me, Sirius and my parents. Everybody's safe and there's no danger.' 'Too close,' Harry forced out as he slowly felt the terror loosen its grip on him. 'You're too close.' She smelled like sweat and the