Sweet Blood Ch 1 Here I am once again, a new place, new people and most importantly a new family. I have been doing this ever since I can remember: I would live with one family until they realised that they didn't actually want a child; my social worker was then called and another temporary family would take me; then the whole process would start again. You've probably guessed by now that that I'm a foster kid; you know the one with the bad attitudes, which end up with a criminal record before we are 16. Some of them might be like that, I wouldn't know, but not me... though you could say that my story is in fact worse. "Hey Alicia," I was startled out of my day dream by my social worker. And I knew, by that tone of voice that whatever she said after would not be good and as usual I was right. "Ok I haven't told you where we are going yet but that is because you're going to England. I have run out of placements that are willing to take you here, so you're going to go and live with the Mason family. I have been assured that they are a lovely family but you have to put some effort in and none of the... you know... funny stuff." This all came out in such a rush, "What did you say at the end?" "So," she paused for a minute to collect her thoughts "You're moving to England, a small country town called Radstock to be exact. You're going there because there are no placements left in Scotland that are willing to take you and we believe that a change of scenery would be good for you" "Yes I got that but before you waste any more of my time what was the last bit? you said something about funny stuff?" "Well you know..." "No I don't know that is why I am asking you!" I sighed exasperated, wishing she could just answer me truthfully. "Just don't do anything silly. Every placement I've put you in things have always ended with a report that something happened, something strange," "Why does everybody assume that it was me? I did not cause Harry's concert tickets to disappear or Lucy's Iphone to break in half and I definitely wasn't the person Ben freaked out about being in his room." "Are you sure?" my social worker replied "We know that you have attention seeking problems but you need to own up to the things you do." "But I didn't do..." "Lissy just tell the truth that is all we ask," She sounded annoyed now. I didn't do anything but everybody thinks that I do it's so unfair! "But I didn't do it, I have told you this time and time again but you don't listen do you?" My social worker then just decided to ignore me; obviously regretting bringing up the conversation. My mind then turned to what she had said. England. It wasn't too far away but moving from the Shetland Islands at the top of Scotland would be different. I mean there would be so many people! It already took ages to get the boat to where we were now but then I had to take the flight to Bristol airport I think it was called and then the hour drive to our final destination. Couldn't they have found anywhere nearer? Soon we arrived at the airport and I was ushered onto a plane with my social worker reassuring me that there will be someone to meet me when I arrived at Bristol airport and there definitely was… The plane journey was uncomfortable. I sat in front of a family with two little boys that wouldn't shut up. It was so annoying. There was also a huge delay due to turbulence and by the time we arrived. I was so happy to touch the ground I ran off the plane. I quickly spotted a lady in her mid 30's, with curly red hair that stuck up in all directions. She was wearing a multi-coloured skirt with a bright yellow t-shirt and in her hands she held a bright green sign with the words 'Alicia Prior'. I reluctantly walked towards her feeling anxious. If this was my social worker then what would my family – which she picked out – be like? I reluctantly walked over and before I had a chance to say a word... "Oh my gosh I'm so happy you're here, I've been needing the toilet for ages and I couldn't go because your arrival time kept on changing. But now you're here." She thrust her bags into my arms, and without another word she took off, pushing past people to get to her destination with only a "Don't move," flung over her shoulder before she disappeared into the crowd. I looked around for a couple of minutes and on seeing a bench I walked over to it and sat down. I was caught up reminiscing when suddenly. "Hello is this seat taken?" I looked up to see a boy. He had short brown hair, which was the colour of melted chocolate and sticking out in all directions. I slowly looked down to his chiselled face. He had striking eyes, they were the type that you could stare into for hours and not get bored. He had a relatively small nose and his mouth was in a straight line. I could tell just by looking at him that he was the type of boy that girls fall for in an instant. "Um excuse me?" "Oh no don't worry I just arrived and am waiting for my social worker to come back from the toilet," Where did that come from? I usually only answer questions to the barest minimum, let alone tell people I am in care. "Oh ok I'm just looking around, my family live in a small town near here and when I meet up with my friends I like to come here to think." "Are you allowed to do that?" I enquired "I don't think so but that doesn't stop me does it? Where abouts in Scotland are you from? I am assuming you're Scottish due to your accent." "The Shetland Islands at the top of Scotland," and before stopping to think about what I said next I blurted out "The Scottish officials seem to have gotten bored of me so they sent me here," I forced out a laugh. "I see but I thought they just sent you to a 'home' when they got bored of you moving around" He joked. I was surprised he hadn't come up with a reason to stop talking to me. Usually when people find out I'm in care they make a hurried excuse and leave. "Nah I can't even fit in there as the kids all accused me of stealing and destroying their stuff. But it wasn't me. I don't know why, everywhere I go strange things happen around me," Why was I saying this. I had only just met this boy and I was telling him my whole life story. There must be something wrong with me! "Well I have that sometimes, my brothers and sister are always accusing me of something or other as well. But maybe they have a reason for it." He said the last part under his breath but I still heard. Quickly, as if to pretend he didn't say anything he added in "I'll tell you a secret, I'm adopted" That surprised me and I looked at him again revaluating everything about him. He seemed to notice my pause, "Sorry I didn't mean to say that. I seem to not be able to keep my mouth shut while talking to you" "Yeah, me neither and don't worry, it doesn't bother me, I'm just surprised." At least it wasn't just me that couldn't shut up. "No wonder, people look at me and see this perfect boy, with the rich parents that have brought him up well. They'd never guess what I'm really like." "And what is that? Not as charming as you may think I assume," "That's about right, this right here is not just a pretty face." I laughed at that. "Are you sure you're that pretty?" I responded. Though in my mind I was going yes, yes you are, I totally agree with you. "Of course I am, I mean who wouldn't want to go out with this?" At that he struck a pose. "Anyway back on topic, you spoke of your family as if they actually were. How long have you been with them then?" "Ever since I was seven, I remember stuff before then but they will always be my real family." "That must be nice. Being sure of your future and all," "I wouldn't say it was nice but I am very grateful for the upbringing I have had. I suppose I am lucky but it doesn't feel like it when your parents are always getting at you to do homework." "At least you have parents," I mutter under my breath. "Yeah I guess so." He must have heard me. We sat awkwardly for a while until he started talking again. "So where are you going? Not trekking across the Sahara I hope," "No," I let out a small laugh "don't you know that it isn't in England?" "Of course he replied," looking offended "I was only asking where you are going." "Its fine" I reply before he decides to walk off. "And to answer your question I don't know, my social worker picked them out so I'm hoping they aren't too bad" At that moment my social worker appeared bouncing towards me. "Speak of the devil and the devil shall appear," I whisper to myself and I hear the chuckles coming from next to me. How the hell did he hear that? I think, but before I could ask him my social worker started talking "Ok Lissy I'm done. We've got to get moving if we are going to get there in time…Oh!" She evidently had just spotted the boy "Who's this? I hope you're not going to be one of those girls because I really am not up to dealing with any babies," I blush beet red and quickly look over to the boy next to me, he also looks self conscious. "Any way I better be going, I think my friends will be waiting for me," He rushes off quick. "Oh sorry, I probably shouldn't have said it," Now she thinks about what she said. "To late for that," I retort rudely. "Don't be moody; you still need to meet your new family. It's about an hour away if I remember correctly." She starts to rush off again but before she can go anywhere I grab onto her arm. "Introductions are in order, I know you know who I am but can we pretend you don't, it will be a lot less awkward." And before she starts talking again I add in, "My name is Alicia Prior and I am fourteen years old" I sounded kind of weird with my thick Scottish accent. She looked at me perplexed for a minute before saying, "My Name is Macy Hawthorne and I am your new social worker. Like I said before, we have to go, I promised I'd get you there for six and it is five already?" "I need my suitcase," "Of course how can I forget?" With a sweeping movement, she starts to bounce through the crowds like before. She grabs my small brown suit case, which is the only one left, and rushes back to me. "Come on," She glides past me just having enough time to grab onto my hand and pull me along. "Hurry up; we need to get to your new home in time. First impressions are vital. And you need a good one if you are going