The first time that Hermione collapsed at work, Draco was only mildly concerned. She had, after all, just given birth to their second child the month before. But that hadn't stopped her from going back to work part time, ignoring Draco's insistence that she stay home and relax. Knowing his wife, Draco figured she'd probably finally exhausted herself and this might be his chance to convince her to take a short vacation. But after a few scans revealed nothing wrong, Hermione perked right back up and went back to her cases. Hermione occasionally seemed sluggish after that but it was usually the days when she would be home with the two kids and Draco would come back from work to find her snuggled on the couch with them. They always fell asleep the same way. The muggle television on to some bizarre children's program with large singing purple dinosaur, with Lyra laying across Hermione's chest and Scorpius tucked next to her side. Draco would tuck each of the kids into bed before returning and carrying his wife to bed. It wasn't until a Tuesday morning a few weeks after Hermione first collapsed that Draco received an urgent message from Azkaban with a portkey enclosed that he even considered something was wrong. Malfoy, Come as soon as possible, don't tell Hermione – Ron Ron Weasley was the Auror in charge of supervision at Azkaban and Draco knew that he rarely ever step foot on the island unless something had gone wrong. Plus, even though Draco and Hermione had been together for about 7 years now, he and Ron still didn't quite get along. So the fact that Ron was writing him directly, with explicit instructions that he not tell Hermione, meant something must have gone wrong. Draco quickly tucked the portkey into his pocket and went into the nursery where Hermione was feeding Lyra. She was seated in the rocking chair at the far end of the room. Scorpius was nowhere to be found which meant he was likely still sleeping. "I've got to head to work a bit early," Draco told her, crossing over to her and hand on her shoulder. "When is my mother coming to watch the kids?" "I don't have to be at work until 11am," Hermione replied, giving him a smile. "So she won't be over for a couple of hours. Everything okay?" "Yes," Draco lied, ignoring the feeling of guilt that crept into his stomach. "Just some asshole making early morning demands." "Kick his ass," Hermione encouraged. "I wish I could," Draco replied, wryly. "But it's probably best if I don't." Hermione gave a quiet laugh in response. Draco leaned down and placed a quick kiss on her lips before straightening. "I love you," he told her. "Love you too," Hermione answered with a smile. At that, Draco walked out of the room and made his way to the front of their home. When he arrived outside, he looked back at the home. It wasn't nearly as big as the Manor he mused. But Hermione had insisted that they have their own home. So Draco had found a large plot of land and, with the help of Blaise Zabini's architecture firm, built them a house that suited their needs. More his needs than hers, he thought with a grin. He was the one who needed the massive eat-in kitchen, the spa-like master bathroom, and the large backyard with a pool and hot tub. But Hermione had insisted the house be painted white and had worked with Blaise to ensure the house felt not like a mausoleum (as she called the Manor) but like a home. He'd do anything to protect what they had here, Draco thought. So better find out what Weasley wants. Draco removed the portkey from his pocket, activated it, and felt himself being pulled into space. When he opened his eyes, he was standing at the front gates of Azkaban. He walked up to security and, to his surprise, was immediately led into Azkaban and up to a small, bleak office. It had a desk with a chair on either side. A moment later, Ron Weasley appeared in the doorway. "Malfoy," he greeted the man tersely. "Weasley," Draco drawled back. "I don't like being summons." "It's important," Ron replied, sitting in one of the chairs and gesturing for Draco to do the same. Draco sat down as well and looked expectantly at Ron. "How's Hermione?" Ron asked. "You just saw her last week when we came by for your offspring's birthday party," Draco pointed out. "You should know." "My daughter's name is Rose," Ron replied, agitated. "And Hermione didn't seem like herself." "She's been a bit tired," Draco admitted. "Weasley, what is this about?" "Marcus Flint is dying," Ron told him, watching as the shock flitted across Draco's face before it turned to anger. "What do you mean Flint is dying?" Draco snapped. "He's supposed to be monitored around the clock. You and Potter assured me of that." "He has been," Ron replied. "But we're not going to call you every time the man has a cold." "But dying isn't a cold, is it?" Draco retorted. "What's going on?" "A couple of weeks ago, Flint collapsed in his cell," Ron explained. "We've had the St. Mungo's medical team working on evaluating him since but it wasn't until today that they found out what was wrong." "And?" Draco asked, impatiently. "What the hell is wrong?" "His organs are failing," Ron replied. "From years of poisoning." "Poison?" Draco repeated. "How is that possible?" "Surprisingly, there's a number of ways it could have been administered," Ron replied. "Whoever it is only used a small amount so it was essentially untraceable until it began to damage Flint's organs." "You said whoever," Draco pointed out. "Does this mean you don't know who?" "We don't," Ron replied, grimly. "I've asked Harry and Seamus to run the internal investigation." "So you have no idea if someone is targeting Flint or targeting my wife through Flint?" Draco asked, angrily. "What the hell kind of Auror are you?" "We're doing the best we can as quickly as we can," Ron snapped back. "Damn it, Malfoy, she's my best friend." The two men glared at each other for several minutes before Draco broke the silence. "Why did you ask me to come here without her?" Draco asked. "You don't actually expect me to keep this from her, do you?" "No," Ron replied, firmly. "She needs to know. I was hoping that you could be the one to tell her." "Why me?" Draco asked, confused. "Surely you or Potter could be the ones to tell her." "It has to be you because we have something to ask of both of you," Harry Potter said, the sound of his voice causing Draco to turn around in his chair. "Potter," Draco greeted him with a nod. "What do you want from us?" "A while back you'd begun working on how to sever the tie between Hermione and Flint," Harry replied, moving so he was next to Ron. "Hermione told me you two had been unsuccessful and, when Scorpius was born, you set it aside all together." "You need us to start again," Draco finished for Harry. "How bad is Flint?" "He has maybe a month left to live," Harry told him. "The damage to his organs is irreparable. Soon they will start to fail and, when they do, Hermione's health will start to fail with them." "You're telling me we have less than a month to try to solve something that for three years we couldn't find a solution to?" Draco replied, running his right hand through his hair. "Merlin, Potter, why didn't you and Weasley just start with that?" "You never worked on it full time before," Harry pointed out. "And we'll help in any way that we can. Ginny just started maternity leave from the Harpies so she's home all day with James and Albus. Plus Molly and Arthur are always around. We can have them watch the kids while you do what you have to do." "Plus you and Hermione run your own firm. You have forty people who work for you," Ron pointed out. "Many of whom I'm certain are capable of taking over yours and Hermione's case load for a bit." "You can make it work, Malfoy," Harry told him. "Your wife's life depends on it. Isn't that a good enough reason?" Draco shot out of his chair and grabbed Harry's robes. "Don't ever question what I would do for my wife," Draco said, menacingly. "She's everything to me." "I know," Harry said, calmly removing Draco's hands from him. "She's everything to us too. So let's do this together." Draco stepped back from Harry and took a deep breath. "Okay," Draco answered. "I have a number of things to take care of before I return home and fill Hermione in. Anything else I can do while I'm here?" "Unless you know what the hell phenylquinoline carbonic acid is, no," Ron sighed. "What do you just say?" Draco asked sharply. "I can't say it again," Ron replied. "It took hours of practicing just to be able to say it in the first place." "Phenylquinoline carbonic acid," Harry repeated, slowly. "Why?" "Atophan," Draco replied, with a half-laugh. "Its common name is atophan. Malfoy Industries produced it, in very high doses, after my father found out it could be used to kill slowly and painfully." "How is that legal?" Ron asked. "In small doses it's used for rheumatism," Draco replied. "It's quite effective. After the war my mother shut down that part of Malfoy Industries but I'm sure there's other companies that still manufacture it." "I'll talk to Hannah and Neville," Harry said, looking at Ron. "Since they're the administrators of St. Mungos, they might know where someone could get that and how." "Thank you, Malfoy," Ron said, sincerely. "That will go a long way in helping us figure out who poisoned Flint and why." "Just don't expect me to do your job for you again," Draco replied, his tone almost joking. "Good luck." "Same to you," Harry replied, as Draco walked out of the room. There was an Auror waiting outside the room who led him back out of Azkaban. The man silently handed him and portkey. Without a word of thanks, Draco activated it and was whisked away. He found himself outside the law firm instead of his home. Occasionally, he thought, Potter was smart. He went in and, after 15 minutes, departed, leaving Theo and Padma in charge of the firm. He trusted Theo with his life and he knew Hermione trusted Padma so he was satisfied the two of them would take care of things. Draco then stopped by the Manor where he quickly filled his parents in on what had happened. Narcissa immediately offered to take the children to the Malfoy summer home in the south of France for a long vacation. Draco thought about it for a moment before agreeing. Narcissa had been bothering him and Hermione for more time with her grandchildren and Scorpius had been bored. This way, he thought, the kids could have some fun and they could get to work. Narcissa agreed to stop by "the cottage" as she called Hermione and Draco's home to pick up the kids in an hour. Draco immediately flooed from the Manor home. He came out of the fireplace and saw Hermione sitting on the floor with Scorpius. "What are you doing home?" Hermione asked, surprised. "The kids are going to go on vacation with my parents," Draco replied, crouching down next to Scorpius. "Vacation?" Hermione questioned. "But it's the middle of April. No one goes on vacation in the middle of April." "Hermione, please," Draco requested, quietly. "The kids are going to go on vacation." Draco looked at her pleadingly. "Alright, I'll pack them a couple of bags," Hermione answered, realizing that something must be wrong.