I jerk from my sleep, sitting up in bed as I generally do. It isn't uncommon for me to wake like this, though, I never seem to have a reason, except- BEEP BEEP BEEP Right, that's why I wake like that. I sigh and hit the STOP button on the alarm before falling back onto my pillow. I throw back the light blanket I sleep with, though it's too hot to sleep under a sheet, and slowly stretch my body without sitting up. It's a simple pleasure I give myself every morning, before my mind regesters what I am about to force my body to do. "Get up," I finally command to myself after a few minutes of montionlessness, my voice sliceing through the thundering silence like a knife. I had three hours before I had to leave, and in that time, I had many things to do. Lifting up my bed, I carefully open the trapdoor beneith it and slip into the gaping hole, letting the door, and my bed, fall back into place over my head. Tying my long red hair into a sloppy ponytail, I begin my morning excersizes. Having already stretched, I fluidly flow into my first kata and do not stop, simply remembering the moves from years and years of study and practice. Aikido, Judo, Jujitsu, Karate, T'ai Chi Ch'uan and for extra measure a little bit of Taekwondo. If the Peacekeepers knew what I did in my hidden room, I might be killed, but no one even knew this place existed. It was probably the safest place in Panem, if there was one, and just under my floorboards. Even if it was found, there was nothing but earth in it. Just a regular celler. After an hour, my joints and muscles ache, and I let them relax as I shower the sweaty grime from my body. It wasn't just my martial arts practice that would get me in trouble; if anyone knew about my late night Kenjutsu training, where I perfected both Iaido (a strange, ancient form of Battoujitsu) and Kendo, I would be publically executed for sure. Not that it mattered for very much longer, or so I told myself as I cooked myself breakfast from the last bit of food I have left of this month's tessera. I like the first meal of the day to be a light one; despite the hunger pangs, my stomach can't handle a lot of food before noon. Besides, it's not like I had to go to work today, not that my job was difficult. I live in District 1, so my life is reletively easy compared to the other Districts. However, to say my life was easy is comparable to shoving a stick into your throat and twisting. The lump in my stomach refused to be easily swayed by the sweet rice, and the pickled plums were no better. Had enough, and time to spare, I carelessly toss my dishes into the sink. I refused to wash them, and I didn't plan on seeing them, or my house again... unless I was lucky. If I was lucky... Well, then I'd get a new house! Heading back to my room, I dress carefully, a simple emerald colored dress that fell to my knees to match my eyes, which were a little darker, the color of the glass bottles we drink our water from. Feeling a little edgy, I choose my heeled boots that zip halfway up my calf and add a blue sash for visual effect. I towel dry my hair as quickly as I can manage, run my brush through it, then towel it again to soak up the access water. The last touch is a silver wire headband that used to be my mother's. I trace one of the sapphire dragonflies with my finger before slipping it onto my hair. I'd keep it as a token... the only thing I had of value, having sold everything to support myself after I was orphaned. After the money ran out, I applied for the tesserae option, which, luckily for me, wasn't denied. So I put my name in extra, what did it matter? With how many volunteers there usually are, and the number of other girls... For a while I felt safe, protected almost. Year after year after year I stood, fearing no one would volunteer, that my name would be called, and no one would step up for me. Yet, here I was now, my last year to attend the Reaping and I'm still here. Despite that fact, despite all my fears, I plan on volunteering this year. Not for my District. Not for future glory. For my parents. To follow in their footsteps to the Hunger Games. Satisfied with my appearance, I look around my home once more before heading out, shutting the door softly behind me. I try not to think of the house that would sit empty, as I walk down the street. Nor the lack of parents that wouldn't miss me. I count myself lucky in that regard, having no one at home to worry for my safety. That doesn't mean I don't have friends, I do. It's just not the same. Speaking of friends... Sensing something off, I turn my head and narrowly avoid being caught in the face by a slender fist. Catching the owner's wrist, I easily use the momentum to throw the shorter figure's body to the ground. Laughing at the specticle of the girl in the dirt, I offer her my hand to help her up. "You're getting better, Chiara-dear," I compliment, shaking my head at her ridiculous choice in color. "You've ruined my dress!" the salmon-haired girl cried, trying to brush the dirt from the white skirt, but to no avail. "Chise! Did you really have to throw me like that?!" "I don't know Chiara... you did attack me. On Reaping Day, no less!" I chide, poking her forehead with a smile. She scowled, rubbing at a small scrape on her cheek. "You always seem to know when I'm there!" she wailed. "I was extra quiet! There's no way you heard me!" I sigh and shake my head. "I didn't hear you," I told her, wrapping my arm around her shoulders. "I just felt you there." Chiara shook her head, but held me about the waist in a similar fashion. "Eyes in the back of your head, Chi. I swear it. Like an owl. At least if you get picked for the Hunger Games, you'll be safe." Maybe, maybe not. Regardless, it was good to smile. Chiara had that effect on people. She put them at ease, made them smile and laugh, it was easy to foget the darkness ahead with her there with me. We arrived at the public plaza and lingered together for a moment longer until I pulled away. "Well..." I said, wanting to tell her my plan, but knowing I never could. I didn't want to hurt her, even though I knew I would. I also didn't want her to cause a scene. "Well," she echoed, sounding more resolute than me. I brush back her pink hair and bend down to kiss the top of her head. "Don't be so worried, Chiara. You're only fourteen, and people volunteer all the time!" She grinned up at me and nodded. "I know. I'll see you after the Reaping, okay? I have a present for you! Don't let me forget!" "I won't," I promised, smiling sadly. I couldn't do it. I couldn't tell her. Then my moment was gone as we got into line, pulled in different directions, processed, bled and spilled into the square with the hundreds of other scared children. I found a spot to stand with those of the same age, and I waited. It wasn't long before the screen behind the figure walking across the podium lit up, giving us a better view of our Mayor, a plump, short woman. I giggled to myself as I watched her wobble towards the mic, trying to think of what she reminded me of. Before I could put my finger on it, she tapped the microphone and then spoke the words I'd been waiting to hear. "Welcome to the Fourty-Second Annual Hunger Games Reaping!" I, along with many others, let out a loud cheer and I threw a fist up into the air. I wasn't afraid this year! I felt joy, excitement and the anticipation was wearing at me, like it had since I made up my mind to volunteer. The woman launched into the story of the past, the reason we have the Hunger Games, a speech most of us knew by heart. In fact, I even started to mouth the words along with her, all the while mocking her, and the story, in my head. Then came my favorite part, the reading of the victors from our District. When my parents names are read off, I stand a little taller, a smile on my face. Soon the Mayor introduces the Capitol escort for our District, Aollie Kingfevin. Sauntering across the stage, he stood before the microphone, leveling his amazing silver eyes that matched his hair on all of us gathered. He smiled brilliantly and raised his arms. "Let's begin!" As the bowls were brought out with our names in it, I had a sudden lapse of dread. It was so great that I had to wrap my arms around my stomach to keep from vomiting. My fists sqeezed so tight my nails dug into my palms, causing me enough pain that I gasped a breath I hadn't realized I was holding. Looking to my hands, I could see the half-moon holes that started oozing blood. It was then I realized I had missed the call for volunteers, and when I came to my senses, Aollie had drawn the first name. When the silence fell over the crowd, I realized that no one had stepped up. No one wanted to volunteer this year. No one was... "Since no one has come forward... Our girl tribute this year is Chiara Plum-Kyte!" My mind went blank and I heard the small cry of my best friend. I turned, as if in a dream, and saw her being pulled from the crowd and dragged towards the stage. I saw the dirt on her dress. The red of the scrape on her cheek. Her pink hair fluttering as she tried to escape them. Fighting to get away... "I Volunteer!" my dry mouth calls out, but it's too quiet. They're ignoring me. So I decide to give them something they can't ignore. "I VOLUNTEER!" I shoved the girl next to me out of the way and strode confidently out of the crowd. I'm quickly joined by the two Peacekeepers on either side of me, bringing me to the stairs up to the stage. I bounce up them happily, forcing myself to grin like an idiot. "A bit late, but better than never!" Aollie says, reaching for my hand. I give it and blush for the cameras. "I'm sorry!" I exclaim, quickly pulling my hand back. "I don't want to bleed on you!" Aollie looked perplexed and dismayed, but he handed me a handkerchief elegantly, and just as smoothly, picked up where he left off. "You're bleeding? A little too excited?" I nod enthusiastically. "I meant to volunteer sooner! I was distracted by your shiny hair! It's so beautiful!" Yes... that was it. Whatever. Anything to distract myself from the slip of paper in his hand. Aollie laughed and flipped his hair for the crowd. As expected, the crowd went wild. "What is your name?" he asked, when the crowd died down again. "Nara. Chise Nara," I answer, looking to the only person who mattered. A small girl who had been left where she'd been when the Peacekeepers had taken me instead, collapsed on the ground and looking at me in horror. "Nara? Not the 19th Hunger Games