Death at Dusk: Beautifully Sinister By: Crazyshine Me: Hey guys! My first twilight fanfic, WOOT WOOT! I wrote this for nanowrimo ywp, and thought I should share this with people who love and like Twilight. I fell in love with the books! Alright! Here we go! And Vena and Alex are my Oc's! They belong to me. Disclaimer: Do I look like Stephanie Myer to you? If I do, I AM NOT STEPHANIE MYER! I DO NOT OWN TWILIGHT! Okay, that's settled. On to the story. Bella ' s POV. "We're here." I lifted my head of the window of his shiny silver Volvo. Turning my chocolate eyes away from the scenery, I looked into my loves topaz eyes. He smiled his perfect, crooked smile that never failed to make my heart flutter. This time was no different. My heart swelled with pure love as he strode across to the passenger side of his car. I gave him a faint smile as he opened the door for me, in one of those swift movements that you could barely see. They surprised me at first. But after a year of dating him, I was used to it. "Thanks, Edward." I stepped out of his car, using his ice cold arm to steady myself. He smiled at me faintly as a breeze ruffled his golden bronze hair. God, he was breathing taking. Once again I used his arm to steady myself as we walked over to his "Younger" sister, Alice. You see, being an accident prone klutz and walking across slippery December ice doesn't add up to good results. Alice smiled as Edward and I approached. She happily skipped up to us, gliding across the ice with enough grace to break any figure skaters heart with jealousy. "Hey, Bella! Hey, Edward!" The pixie-like girl called to us, her hair going in every direction, but somehow perfect as well, framing her face. She turned towards the large building looming over other teenagers ahead of us. "Ready for high school?" She chirped out. Always perky… I thought to myself. Alice didn't even wait for a reply as she glided over to the front entrance of Forks High school. My name, is Bella. And I moved to Forks, Washington in a sentence of self-torture for the sake of my mother's happiness. I hated it here at first, until I met Edward Cullen. My first love, and his enchanting family. The truth behind the family, is that their youngest member, is at least seventy-five years of age. The Cullen's, always moving from place to place, places with no sun. So no one will suspect them. Figure out their secret. Their secret, is that the Cullen's, are vampires. And, I am in love with a one-hundred and three year old man. Edward and I shared a glance before following Alice into our high school. Forks population: 350 people. Number of high school kids: 150. Including me, 351 and 151. We almost lost sight of Alice's pitch black spikey hair in the crowd of kids. Hey, it's hard to see a 5'3 teenager in a crowd where everyone else is at least a head taller than the pixie of a girl. Almost the instant I entered the building, I was attacked by Mike Newton. "Hey Bella!" He called to me, waving his arms like an idiot. I gave a slight smile and a small wave, hoping that would satisfy Mike. It didn't. He came jogging up to me, ignoring Mr. Dunn's, "HEY! Walk!" in the process. Edward growled softly, only so I could hear. "Hey Bella." He greeted me again. "Oh. Hey Edward." I almost laughed at the pure disdain in his voice. "I'll see you at lunch." Edward whispered to me quietly before slipping off. I didn't even have time to send him off with a goodbye, he was gone so quick. I cursed him under my breath for leaving me alone with Mike. Mike grinned like an idiot and opened his mouth to talk, until we heard a voice calling me. "Bella!" Boy, I had never been more happy to see Jessica in my life. "Hey Jess." I greeted my half-way friend. "Come on!" She called, about 25 feet away from me. "We're gonna be late for Trig!" Lunch 3 hours later… I walked leisurely to lunch, Edward at my side. As usual, he seemed bothered by my human walking pace, which just ignited me to go slower. "Hurry up Bella…" I heard him mumble under his breath. I don't think I was meant to hear that, so I just ignored it. We'll get to the auditorium eventually. When we finally got there, after a typical, "Come on Edward, just change me.", "No Bella, I could never take your soul away, and turn you into one of us.", argument. When we entered the lunchroom, Alice was at our usual table, but she wasn't alone. That was when I saw them for the first time. There was a male, and a female. The girl, she was tall, real tall. Probably six-foot, just about. She had long blue-black hair in ringlets, with honey golden highlights to match her red and gold swirled eyes. She kept her hair in a high pony tail, which fell just below her shoulders. "Oh no…" I heard Edward mutter. I wasn't sure if he was talking to himself or me, but I ignored him anyways. Her beauty was to captivating. She had dark, dewy skin, the color of burnt caramel. She was just as stunning as Rosalie, with the same athletic figure. She had a bright smile and was laughing and talking to Alice as if they were best friends. The male, he was taller than the girl, with olive skin. He had striking yellow eyes and softly spiked black hair. He didn't have inhumanly perfect features, which somehow made him just as beautiful as the girl. While Alice and the girl babbled on, he didn't seem to say a word. Edward cleared his throat loudly alerting me to his presence. "Who are they?" I asked him softly. "Vena and Alexander. They were a part of a coven that broke up. Vena and Alexander wanted to be vegetarians, but the rest of the coven wanted to keep drinking human blood." Edward explained almost mutedly. I shivered at the thought of the two beautiful people sitting over there drinking human blood. "So they're… one of you?" I asked quietly. Edward nodded stiffly as I made my way over to Alice, Vena and Alexander, with him on my tail. I got quite the shock of my life when I got to the table. I started to feel unsure about talking to these blood suckers, let alone sitting near them. I slowed my steps, but picked my pace back up when I felt Edward's hand on the small of my back, gently pushing me forward. As soon as I was at the edge of the table, Vena jumped up with sharp grace, hugging me tightly. "Bella!" She squealed happily. "I remember when you were so small, you've grown so much!" She spilled out even faster than Alice. I quickly looked around me. Alice was waving at me, with her short little arms. Alexander gave me a small smile before turning away again. Edward just chuckled, probably reading Vena's thoughts. "Can't… Breath..." I spluttered out, gasping for breath. "Oops! Sorry, forgot you need to breath!" Vena giggled, releasing me. I looked sharply at Edward, silently questioning Vena's sanity. "Bella, I'm sane!" She cried. I looked around the lunchroom, which was unusually quiet. We don't get new people here often. "How do you know my name?" I questioned Vena. "Oh, darling you don't remember me!" She sighed wistfully. "Do you remember when you had a babysitter named Allayah?" I nodded once, faint memories flooding into my head. "Well, that girl's younger sister? Remember her?" I gasped in shock, realization hitting me harder than a baseball bat. "That was you!" Vena did a quick backflip. Was I the only one who saw it? "Ding! Ding! ding! You're correct!" She chirped. I looked back at the others. Edward had sat down, and was looking out the window shaking his head. Alice was grinning and chattering to Alexander, who simply nodded at the right times and listened to Alice. Reminded me of my conversations with Jessica. "I remember you now… You were my best friend... I remember, you moved to Cleveland when you were sixteen. Why did you move again?" "Because Allayah, who adopted me there, wanted to change me there too." "Into, uhh, ya know…" I began awkwardly. "Yeah into, a vampire." Vena said softly. I then was suddenly struck by a flash of brilliance. This girl would definitely change me! "Bella! I know what you want! I will indefinitely change you, if it makes you happy!" Vena suddenly whispered to me, so others in the lunchroom wouldn't hear. This got Edward's attention. "No, no, no, no, no! You will not take her soul and heart away." Edward hissed, just barely audible to my human ears. Vena sighed and muttered something I couldn't hear. Edward whispered back an inaudible reply. Soon enough, Alice and Alexander were in on the conversation. I hated it when they had these almost silent conversations that I couldn't hear. I knew they were talking about me, though. It was probably this: Edward was against them changing me into a vampire, Alice and Vena all for it. Alexander? Now him, I didn't know. He was pretty… silent. I was surprised he was even talking actively in their conversation. He was seemingly speaking in an aggressive tone, judging by his clenched fist and narrowed black eyes. After a while of this I sighed, gave up on straining my ears. Two seconds later I was at it again. They were talking louder now, so I managed to catch a couple words here and there. "Her blood is…out to you, isn't it…? You're… scared to change.. her." Alexander chuckled out in a voice so dry, it made me want water. His voice was pleasing as all vampire's voices were, and very deep. The volume picked up another notch at Alexander's insult. He caught my eye, and gave me a wink. I blushed cherry red at the wink. Was it that obvious I wanted to know what they were talking about? "I-I- I'm not scared!" Edward squeaked out, sounding like was about to pee himself, if possible. Edward quickly regained his composure, smiling his perfect, crooked, smile. My heartbeat sped up at the flash of white I had come to love. I blushed again, knowing they would all hear my heart. Stupid, enhanced, vampire hearing. Vena sharply glanced at me. "Don't be embarrassed, it's adorable!" she declared at a human voice level. I blushed even more furiously at her words. "She reminds me of a beet." Alexander commented nonchalantly. Wow, I didn't know I could be so red. Huh, more like burgundy now. Vena smacked Alexander on the head. It sounded like boulders clashing together. Everyone in the cafeteria started looking around, looking for the culprit. I panicked on the inside, and Alexander was glaring at Vena, who was looking around just like all the other kids. This went on for about a minute, then the kids went back to their usual activities. "Alex, shut up about her blushing!" Vena hissed. She looked at me warmly. "Alright, Jingle Bells," She giggled, remembering her old nick-name for me. "Let's go somewhere more private, so we don't have to talk so you can't hear." I nodded silently. Vena grabbed my arm, motioning for the others to follow us. Alice was the first to get up she quickly danced to my side, and Alexander strode his way over to Vena's side. Edward made a move to get up, but Vena forcefully pushed him back on to the seat. "You stay here." She ordered. The tone of her voice scared me. It was filled