Merry pulled his grey cloak around his shoulders as he staggered through the quiet streets of Buckland; his cheeks and ears were red as tomatoes from the bitter wind, and the thin layer of fluffy, white snow on the ground made his toes numb. He held a lamp in one hand as he walked beneath the ebony sky, freckled with bright stars. Merry had been drinking with a few lads at the Bucklebury Inn, and now he was starting to discover that walking home on a winter's night, drunk and alone, was not a very sensible idea. He cursed under his breath as he almost stumbled over his own feet. Holding up his light, he looked around to see where he was, and to his relief he realised that he had reached Buck Hill. He hastily made his way towards the main entrance of Brandy Hall, and he banged loudly on the large front door. There was no response. He knocked again and the door burst open, and Merry toppled over in surprise. "Hush, hush! It's very late, an' the Master's sleepin'," snapped the figure in the doorway, and from her voice Merry could tell that she was one of the housemaids. Merry shakily got back up to his feet and brushed down his coat, removing the snow stuck to the thick fabric. "Don't you hush me," he slurred grouchily. "Oh, it's you, Mister Merry," the servant said with a sudden change in her voice, "Why're ye back here so late? Where've ye been?" "That's none of your business," huffed Merry. He pushed his way inside and blundered down the hallway. He couldn't think straight and the abundance of corridors seemed like a maze to him. Eventually he found his way to his own bedroom. Without bothering to change into more comfortable clothing, he collapsed onto the bed, and within a few minutes he was fast asleep, snoring lightly. The next morning he awoke to the sound of his mother barking his name. He groaned as his eyes adjusted to the morning light, and he irritably buried his face in his pillow; his head was pounding and he felt like he was going to be sick at any moment. Esmeralda rolled her son onto his back, and Merry pushed her away forcefully before sitting up in bed and glaring at her. "You, young man, are in a lot of trouble," said Esmeralda, and her Tookish accent that was usually so sweet and charming was now filled with anger, "Young Miss Poppy told me about your little escapade last night. I am disappointed in you, Meriadoc, sneaking off like that without telling us. We thought you were in bed." Merry shrugged. "Why does it matter anyways? I'm not a kid anymore. I can do what I want to." "You're not quite an adult yet either," his mother sighed, "You should have told us that you were going to be home so late. Where were you last night?" "I was visiting a friend," Merry lied. He knew that his mother would probably throttle him if she knew he had been at the inn. He was still in his tweens, after all, and though he was allowed to drink at home Esmeralda would be disappointed in him for staying at the inn all evening. She'd call him irresponsible, he suspected. "Oh, well," Esme replied, folding her arms, "I hope all you did was go a-visiting." "What're you implying?" Merry questioned, raising his eyebrows. "Don't think I don't know what you young lads get up to," the woman told him, "I don't want you getting any lasses pregnant." Merry would have choked, if he had something to choke on. "Mother!" he hissed, "I… I would never…" He felt his cheeks turn hot. He had been with a few (well, more than a few) girls in his time, but hearing his mother mention it was mortifying. He silently cursed the Tooks for their bluntness. "What's the time?" he asked. "Almost eight o'clock," Esmeralda told him, "You're usually up earlier. I thought it was best to wake you." She smirked, and Merry glowered at her. "It's your birthday tomorrow," continued Esme, "And the Yule party tonight." "Oh, I'd forgotten," said Merry, "That means Pip's coming today, doesn't it?" "Yes, it does, and your Uncle and Aunt are coming too, and the girls." Merry shrugged. He loathed his Uncle Paladin, and though he got along with his Aunt Letty and her three daughters, he only really cared about Pippin coming to visit. He was Pippin , after all. Curious, jovial little Pippin. Merry's sweet young cousin, his lifelong best friend, his everything. There was nothing or nobody that Merry loved more. His little cousin meant the world to him. Pippin was barely into his tweens, in that awkward early phase of adolescence that Merry remembered all too well. He asked too many questions, a trait that others found annoying but Merry found positively endearing, although the lad could be a handful sometimes. "I'm sorry for sneaking out last night," he told his mother, his mood lifted a little, "It won't happen again," That's a lie , he thought, "Now, can I go and have my breakfast?" Merry spent the day in the parlour reading, whilst impatiently waiting for the party to begin. He loved all of the Yuletide festivities, but most of all he was eager for his young cousin to arrive. He hadn't seen Pippin in almost a fortnight, which felt like an age to him. "Son." He heard a voice from the doorway and he looked up to see his father, Saradoc, stood with his hands in his jacket pockets. There was a grin spread across his face. "Yes, Dad?" Merry inquired. "The party will be starting soon," Saradoc informed him, "I suggest you change into some more suitable clothing, unless you want your mother to pick something out for you." Merry chuckled. "Goodness no, I know better than to let Mam dress me." "You shouldn't sneak out of the house again," spoke his father, changing the subject, "Unless you want to face your mother's wrath a second time." "Ah, she's not all bad," Merry waved his hand dismissively, "She's a Took, that's all." Saradoc let out a laugh. "Oh, indeed, and I've warned you about those. Don't marry one, whatever you do. I learnt that lesson the hard way. I mean, I love her and all, but she's a right pain in the neck sometimes." There was silence for a brief moment, as Merry tried his hardest not to burst into laughter. "Oh dear…" said Saradoc, and when he turned around he saw his wife stood behind him with a face like thunder, "Esme! I didn't see you there, my love…" "Save the small talk, Saradoc," Esmeralda snapped at him, "Meriadoc, please will you go and get ready for the party, your father and I need to talk." She grabbed her husband by his wrist, digging her nails into his skin as she practically dragged him away. Merry laughed as he heard Saradoc protesting. Merry changed into a crisp, white shirt and a forest-green waistcoat, and over the top he wore a scarlet jacket. He meticulously combed his honey-blond curls (something that other lads would have teased him about if they knew about it) and fastened all of his buttons, making sure that he looked presentable for the occasion. When he reached the large hall, the party had already begun, and guests had started to arrive. That included the Tooks. Merry noticed Paladin and Eglantine greeting his parents, and he looked around to find Pippin. The young lad was sat on a bench by himself at the back of the room and Merry rushed over to him eagerly. Pippin beamed when he saw his older cousin, and he leapt from his seat and wrapped his arms around Merry's waist. Merry ruffled his golden-brown hair and smiled. "Hullo, my little Pip," he greeted. "Hello Merry!" Pippin responded cheerily, "I haven't seen you for such a long time. I've missed you." Merry chuckled. "I've missed you too, Pippin. I'm glad you're here." "I'm glad I'm here too," said Pippin, "Though I was a bit worried that you wouldn't want to see me." "Oh?" Merry enquired with a frown, "Why wouldn't I want to see my precious cousin?" "Well, Nellie said not to get my hopes up in case you were more interested in the lasses…" Pippin mumbled, "She said you were of that age now." Merry scoffed. "Of that age indeed," he answered, "Pip, I've been, erm, interested in lasses for a long time, but I would much rather spend time with you." "What, really?" "Course really. You're my Pip. You're more important than silly lasses." Pippin smiled broadly. "Though, you're more demanding than all of those lasses put together," Merry added, and the younger lad frowned a little. He was so perfect, Merry thought, with his pouty, apple-bud lips and soft, creamy skin and bright, green eyes. He looked so adorable in his little woolen scarf, and his face was so innocent and lovely that Merry felt like he could just melt right there and then . Pippin was only a child, and it felt so wrong to desire him in such sinful ways, but Pippin was blossoming into a young man and no matter how hard he tried Merry couldn't stop thinking those bittersweet thoughts that made him feel so dirty. "Mer?" Pip's gentle voice brought Merry back to reality. "Yes?" he queried. "Are you alright? You're being all weird and dreamy," Pippin said. Merry grinned. "I'm fine, little Pip," he told, "How are you? I never asked." "I'm good… But…" "But?" "I'm hungry." They managed to get hold of some bread rolls, food that was supposed to be saved for the meal later. Pippin ate with relish, and Merry watched with a slight smile whilst sipping ale. "Perfect," he muttered. "Hm?" inquired Pippin with a mouthful of bread. Merry shook his head. "Nothin'." "It's your birthday tomorrow," Pip stated, "Do you have a mathom for me?" "Of course I do," replied Merry, "Trust you to ask." "What do you mean by that?" "I mean," Merry gave him a gentle nudge with his elbow, "That you ask too many questions." "I don't… Do I?" Merry laughed at that. They had dinner, which was a delicious traditional meal with tender meat and fresh vegetables, and they had cake for afters. Sat at the table, Merry and Pippin were spoken to by many of the guests, most of them family. Pip was cheery and sociable, whereas Merry was quiet, watching his cousin as he laughed and talked. How charming he was, Merry thought, how utterly captivating. After the meal they went back to sit on the bench, and Pippin rested his head on Merry's shoulder. Merry smiled. "Merry," he heard a voice, and he looked up to see Estella Bolger. Stella had been his friend since childhood, and they had slept together a few times, though it was never anything more than a bit of thoughtless fun. "Would you like to dance with me?" Merry shook his head and sighed. "No thanks, Stell," he answered, "Not really in the mood for dancin'." "Ah, fine," Estella replied, disheartened, "Well, will you at least come and talk to me for a while?" Reluctantly Merry escorted her to the other side of the room, where he refilled his mug with ale and took a large swig. Stella ranted for a while about some lad (though Merry wasn't paying much attention; his thoughts were elsewhere). "You okay?" questioned Estella, "You seem distant." "Sorry," Merry mumbled, "I don't know what's gotten into me." "I do. You're thinking about some girl, aren't you? I know that look, Meriadoc." "Girl? No!" retorted Merry. He put his hands in the pockets of his breeches. "No, it isn't a girl." The lass chuckled. "Of course not," she said, "But Merry, I've known you for years,