Fate's Decisions Ra: M Pairing: Demetri/OC Summary: Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. A little rendezvous with a coven he let live long ago who exposed themselves changes Demetri's life for the better. A little bit of violence, another bit of a hunt and a mate to end the day with. Author note: For Speklez of course as an exchange for a Hawkeye story :P Disclaimer: I swear by all my books, games and movies that I do not own twilight at all. Demetri ran his nail across his brow in frustration as he stared down at the mess before him, toeing the corpse with his boot. A scouting mission was all he sent out to and he found himself in a blood feud between two covens. If it would deem as such, a blood feud would be if the neighbouring coven tried to hunt on their land, taking what wasn't theirs and leaving a mess behind or even taking a pet of the covens. This? This mess was decades in making and now he was the one who had to deal with it. "One hundred and fifty years ago I let you get off with a warning, I told you not to provoke the coven again and now here I am dealing with your mess and my head is on the chopping block with my masters. I gave my word that you wouldn't be trouble, now I think I'd rather kill you than find a peaceful way around this." He sighed out harshly, his shoulders slumping in a human habit of exhaustion that he couldn't kick. He watched bemused as the two covens before him began to point fingers like children and blame it on one or the other. They destroyed our home, he stole from their coven etcetera… etcetera… Oh, how he wished he was back home in the castle, he would rather deal with the new guards than deal with this mess. Fate was cruel and decided now was a better time than any to dish back the karma he created. "SILENCE!" He snarled furiously, effectively silencing the idiots before him. "I do not care for the petty things that started the domino effect; I want to know what caused you to foolishly expose our kind like this?" Oh, yes, Demetri was far beyond pissed. Rule number one, don't expose our kind. "We… cannot explain." The coven leader, Terrance states uneasy while looking away from the tracker's eyes. They, the two covens, couldn't bear to look into the eyes of the Volturi tracker. They knew the instant he arrived, they were screwed and hoped that the opposite coven would be to blame but the more they thought about it, the more they realised it was all of them to blame. "Twelve humans I have killed because you exposed us to them, twelve. That… is inexcusable." Demetri hums, dropping his arms to his side. If it were a newborn then maybe, just maybe it would have been alright, but they are old vampires the youngest being one hundred and it just pissed him off more that he could sense three vampires, not far from here, one that belonged to the Henrietta's coven and one that belonged to Terrance's. "We are sorry Demetri." One of the woman whimpers, his eyes locking onto her small frame immediately with distaste. They were hiding something from him, something that caused the feud and broke the cardinal rule. His brows rose as the dots began to connect like a kid with a marker being promised candy if they were to finish. It was a something that they didn't want the Masters to know about… oh … A smirk pulled up at the corners of his mouth before Demetri forced his neutral bored look back into place. The vampire was new yes, the vampire was very new and talented. With masked amusement he racked his thumbnail across his lip with a hum, "I guess then that makes it excusable then." He watched as their eyes lit up with hope at his words. What was it with these vampires? Did they truly think that saying sorry for such a grievance would actually be alright, that he would excuse them for this little mistake like the last just because he had a soft spot for them long ago? "Thank you Demetri. We are greatly sorry." Terrance bows gratefully, drawing a snort of amusement from Demetri. "You're not the sharpest tool in the shed are you, Terrance?" Their eyes shot up to the Tracker at the comment, their hope dying as they saw the slight smirk pulled at his lips as he clasped his hands and stared down at the Cerelli Coven Leader mockingly. "I find it both amusing and insulting that you think an apology will excuse you from this mess. Amusing by the fact you truly believe that I meant what I said and insulted because you all would have to be the most idiotic vampires to date." Demetri chuckles out; his eyes trailing over at the horror filled faces before him. "Wh…what? We… We apologised!" Joseph of the Rodriguez coven whimpers out confused, bodily flinching as the Trackers dark eyes locked onto him with a flat stare. "I beg your pardon?" Demetri asks amused, his lips twitching, brow raised. "He means no disrespect Demetri, he is confused." Henrietta spoke quickly, her eyes darting between the spaces as she tried to calculate the distance and time it would take to place herself between her elder and her son. "Then pray tell Henrietta on what did he mean?" Demetri asks, gesturing for her to explain. Henrietta swallowed the fear that threatened to break out from her chest as she nervously looked between Joseph and Demetri. With a sigh of defeat, she dropped her chin against her chest and began to speak. "He means… He means to say that we had apologised for this mess and that we didn't warrant the disrespect." Demetri's brows rose into his hairline as the words came tumbling out, he also didn't miss the we she had used instead of us and they or just they. He let his eyes close for a fraction of a second with frustration at the idiocy of this coven before him. "Do you find me stupid?" He asks suddenly, his back straight as he stared down at them all. "Sorry?" Henrietta asks, confused causing the tracker to let out a sigh. "Do. You. Find. Me. Stupid?" He repeated slower so their silly little minds could understand. "Because you must if you think for even a second I wouldn't sense the newborn you are harbouring not far away… OR the fact that you are now a singular coven, well above the coven limit." He chuckles out tauntingly, slowly and savoured the horror and fear that seemed to pour from their very essence. Though he expected the fear, he didn't expect them to fight, but then again, he was dealing with idiots after all. Did they really think they could win if they outnumbered him? He was well over a thousand compared to the measly two fifty the eldest was and he was the best fighter in the guard. "RUN! ALLISON TAKE HER AND RUN!" He heard Terrance scream as he took off in the direction of the three signatures, tripping when Demetri chucked one of the human corpses at him as he decapitated one of the coven members. Though Demetri had to admit; this once painfully boring mission was starting to turn out to be an entertaining one. They just inadvertently gave him the best gift anyone could ever give a Tracker, a hunt. Not just a plain one too, they teased him with blood and a fight before the hunt. A moan of slight pleasure escaped his lips as he thought about it, truth be told and no matter how much other trackers denied this to their very last breath was that a good hunt was an aphrodisiac for them. As he came face to face with Henrietta he chuckled, "I must say thank you for the entertainment and gift you and yours have given to me Henrietta." A confused snarl escaped her lips as she and the tracker circled one another. "WE gave you no such gift." She spat, her eyes shooting around them, but always staying on him as well for a sign of escape. Demetri chuckled again, watching as a shiver went down her spine. He couldn't help but lick his lips as he continued to chuckle. "Oh but you did, I believe you and yours are the first to truly forget my gift or did you just not fully understand it when I warned you what would happen and how I would use it decades ago if you fucked up?" He asked, more like taunted, the vampire before him as he kicked away the charging one with a back kick. Baring her teeth, she snarled. "They will stick to water." Her answer was all Demetri needed for confirmation of his speculations, they truly did indeed forget how his gift worked. "Oh but Henrietta, I have met all of your coven bar the new one, I know they are five miles from here and running north there is not a place on earth you can run and hide from me once I gave that spark. All it takes is a look in the eye and the smell of your scent and you are forever trapped in my gift." He chuckles darkly before striking. His fingers tore into her flesh easily, viciously as he began to tear her apart. She was no worthy fighter at all, nor were the ones that had attacked so Terrance and others could escape. He let out a roar of satisfaction as he jerked his arm back with one quick yank, sending the head backwards off the body. Once the body dropped the ground, he looked down with distaste and annoyance, this was his favourite jacket and it was now shredded at the arms and covered in blood, dirt and venom. With a disgruntled sigh, he shrugged off his coat and let it drop to the mud, sneering down at the blinking confused heads at his feet. "I liked that jacket, it was my favourite." He grunted, pulling the smokes from the jacket and searched his pockets for a light. When he came up empty he searched the bodies around him, smirking as he came up with a silver zippo and a disposable lighter. What vampires didn't carry a lighter was beyond him, he knew that he had one, but it must have been lost in the tussle. With a hum he leant back on the tree and pulled out a cigarette, he waited for several seconds as he categorised the sparks of the others before lighting the smoke and inhaled. He'd let them run a little further before chasing, let them stew in their own fear and paranoia a little more. "You know, I'm a little interested in what that newborn can do and why or how it joined your covens together… but I'm not interested enough to put you back together again. See, I was the kid who liked to pull shit apart not play Frankenstein, though tempting that thought may be." He chuckled before taking one last drag of his cigarette, bowing slightly with a mocking smirk and flicked the smoke into the largest venom puddle there. He watched satisfied as the venom lit, engulfing the body parts in flames. His eyes landed on the heads and chuckled at their silent torturous screams. "I told you not to fuck up." With one last look onto the fury filled face of Henrietta he began his hunt, following the scents to where he first sensed the newborn. They were smart, laying their trails over and over, but that could not stop me, I could smell the fresh ones over the old. Did