This story will concentrate on the relationship/friendship between Harry and Dumbledore. It will also deal with topics such as abandonment, neglect, death and psychology and will most probably be quite long. It will be composed of three parts. This story was formatted on Pages, so I recommend you to read it in the 3/4 option. Hope you enjoy! Let me know what you think! PART 1 "…I want a three foot essay on the relationship between the wolf and the moon on my desk first thing tomorrow morning, understood?" The joint class of Gryffindors, Ravenclaws and Slytherins groaned loudly and started gathering all of their supplies when the bell rang. Harry allowed himself a small smirk as the last one filed out of his classroom; he remembered sitting down by the fireplace each night, scrambling to find information on whatever topic the next assignment had to be. Somehow, in the end, Ron and Harry had always been forced to ask Hermione for her notes. He quietly made his way around his desk and started to collect his own materials. His gaze fell upon the class registry and he noted how small it was. Even with three houses put together in one class, it was still only a little over twenty students large. Even years later, the 'recent' war continued to have a deep effect on society. Harry, like the students that had just scrambled to leave his classroom was eager to get to lunch. More so than usual, because he was particularly eager to hear what Neville would say about his Defence Against the Dark Arts mastery thesis, which he would be sending to the ministry in just a few days when he was done proofreading it. Neville, although more gifted in Herbology (he was, after all, the herbology department head), had developed a certain flair for academics and seemed to have a constant yearning for knowledge that Harry had rarely seen during their own student days. Walking at a faster pace than usual, Harry quickly made it down to the Great Hall. It was already packed with students when he entered and he felt a few stray eyes follow his movements. Most of these students had gotten used to the fact that Harry Potter, The-Man-Who-Conquered, was their Defence teacher and some of the older students didn't even seem to care much anymore. At Hogwarts he was known as the strict, but kind, if a little eccentric impartial teacher who just simply loved his job. Harry eagerly sat down next to Neville and noted that the latter had started to acquire some grey hairs and wrinkles - which only served to remind Harry that he, as well, wasn't getting any younger. "So, did you read it?" Harry asked after a moment. Neville shot him an exasperated look. "You certainly didn't waste any time, I see." His tone was dry and sardonic. Harry rolled his eyes at him. Flitwick, who was sitting on Neville's other side, allowed himself a small chuckle at their antics. In their late thirties, these two war heroes still seemed to be able to behave like teenagers. "I thought it was brilliant," Neville started and then his grin widened a little more. "I can see why you keep Hermione around." Harry smacked him on the arm. "It'll send shockwaves," Neville said, once his countenance has regained some measure of seriousness. "Especially coming from the Boy-Who-Lived," Harry, in a fashion, finished for him. "What is it about?" Flitwick asked, finally joining the conversation. Harry bit his lip in thought; one the one hand, the ministry had an obligation to keep mastery theses secret, but on the other, he was convinced that his would somehow find itself into a special edition of Daily Prophet. The topic he would be discussing in his thesis was simply too juicy for the reporters not to want to pass it on to the public, also known as: sell papers. "It's a controversial topic," Harry started cautiously, not looking at all how many of the faculty had turned to stare at him, waiting for him to speak. Even Minerva had interrupted her conversation with Jonathan Pike, the newest Potions' Master to hear what Harry had to say. "And many will not agree with me, but the magical theory is sound and-" "His thesis is about the relationship between Dark and Light magic and how very possible it is that they really aren't that different at all," Neville said swiftly, interrupting him before Harry could beat about the bush any more. Harry sent him a brief glare, but barely had time for much more as he was quickly assaulted by exclamations and counter arguments from the other professors. "Do these potatoes taste funny to you?" Harry finally asked Neville as the meal came to a close and the professors has finally managed to calm down somewhat. Neville forked a bit of fruit and shrugged noncommittally. Harry frowned and cautiously sipped his wine. Come to think of it, his wine, too, had a peculiar smell and a metallic taste. What was going on? He was about to stand up to go get ready for his next class, when his stomach lurched unpleasantly and he felt pain surge from his stomach. Poisoned?! Had he been poisoned? Non-verbally sweeping his wand over his food and thinking of a particular spell he wasn't very surprised to see the red sparks fly into the air. Poison. Neville, who had been in the process of standing up toppled to the side upon seeing exactly what Harry and cast and what the result had been. "Merlin, Harry, we have to get you to the infirmary!" "Harry, Harry?!" Inquired a voice near his left ear and Harry was forced to crack his eyes open - which he hadn't realised he'd shut. Minerva, too was now standing next to him and he was looking up at her. Was he laying on the ground? He heard whispers from ahead and realised that the Hogwarts students were doing that what they did best - gossip. Had someone poisoned the Boy-Who-Lived? Was Harry Potter really a Werewolf in disguise? Did he have a live threatening condition which he had refused to talk about? He suddenly felt himself convulsing and imagined that he wasn't a very attractive sight at this very moment. Someone called for a House-Elf and ordered him to be sent to the infirmary. The last thing he was able to ascertain was the sharp smell of antiseptic that invaded his nostrils. . "So someone in Hogwarts tried to kill me," Harry stated bluntly. Minerva, who had come to visit him (and came bearing gifts from friends and family) had just spent the better part of an hour explaining how it could only have been someone from within that would have had to convince a House Elf to slip in a little extra juice into the Defence Professor's food and drink. "Of course, the investigation is underway. We're trying to find the House Elf that did this." Harry nodded absentmindedly, mind in a completely different zone. Even after all this time, people were still after him. Perhaps a follower of the Dark Lord? Or just some crazy fanatic? Hadn't a statement gone out a few weeks ago wherein the Head Auror assured everyone that all of the Death Eaters had been rounded up? "You'll be alright, Harry. You always are," Minerva said reassuringly. "' Suffering has been stronger than all other teaching, and has taught me to understand what your heart used to be. I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape '," Harry murmured. Minerva stared at him with confusion "Charles Dickens, Great Expectations," Harry elaborated. "Ah," Minerva said, lost for words. There was a sudden, loud pop and both the Headmistress and her Deputy glanced up to see that a house-elf with the Hogwarts Crest proudly displayed on his breast had appeared. He bowed his head in one short movement. "Mistress Headmistress, Wonby has asked the other house elves. Master Professor Weasels visited Winky this morning," said the elf, gazing at them - particularly Harry - with reverent wonder. Minerva's eyebrows rose at this proclamation. Harry blinked incomprehensibly at the elf - surely not Ron? Who else on the staff had a similar name to Weasels? "Get Winky here at once!" Minerva said sternly. The elf bowed deeply and disappeared only to reappear moments later with another house elf in tow. This one, Harry recognised. Dobby's friend, Winky. Said elf bowed upon seeing who had called her. "Mistress Headmistress called?" she asked in that high-pitched voice of hers. "Yes, Winky," Minerva said, somewhat more kindly, aware of how fragile the elf was; particularly after Dobby's death. "Wonby told us that Professor Weasley visited you this morning?" The house elf nodded shyly. Minerva and Harry exchanged a look. "And what did he want from you?" Harry asked somewhat more impatiently. Surely not Ron… "Master Professor wanted to prank yous," Winky blinked innocently at them and raised a small flask. It still had a drop or two of some sort of liquid left inside. Minerva took a sniff and pursed her lips grimly. "Just as I thought," she said grimly. Harry's eyebrows furrowed. He swung his legs over to the side of the bed and grabbed his wand resting on the bedside table. Minerva placed a hand on his thigh before he could jump off. "Don't do anything drastic, Harry," she said quietly. Harry grit his teeth. "I'll do what's necessary." Then turning his attention to the elves who had not moved an inch since they had delivered this new information he spoke: "Tell me, Winky, are you sure that it was Ron?" "Yessir," the elf replied. Harry dismissed them after that and calmly dressed. His movements exact and precise. Minerva tried to stop him and Poppy ran out of her little office to force him back to bed, but all Harry had to do was flare his magical aura and they instantly backed away, too afraid to intervene. He stalked out of the infirmary and down several flights of stairs. The door to the Hogwarts grounds was open, and as Harry reached the bottom of the stairs, he just so happened to see Ron stalking in, his quidditch manual in one hand and a broomstick in the other. "How dare you?!" Harry roared raising his wand. The students who were still milling through the hallways after lunch instantly backed away or pressed themselves against a wall. Ron spun around, trying to spot Harry and upon seeing him, a large grin broke out on his face. "Heya Harry! You won't believe what happened today. I'm not joking when I tell you — that firstie-" he was broken off as Harry slammed his fist into his chin. Ron tumbled to the ground and attempted to protect his face by criss-crossing his arms. Harry landed another punch on him, this time just under his eye and Ron cried out in pain. Someone tried to pull Harry off, but he blew them away with a burst of uncontrollable magic. "HOW COULD YOU?" Harry shouted into Ron's face. Ron somehow managed to get out of Harry's grip and he scrambled back on all fours. "Bloody hell! What's going on?" He was still on the ground when Harry pulled his wand on him. "Why did you do it, Ron?" "DO WHAT?" Ron shouted back, nervously raising his own wand. "Poison my bloody food!" Harry shouted back. A crowd had begun to gather and Harry could sense that Minerva and Poppy had just arrived themselves and were casting security spell so that Harry and Ron didn't hurt the students. "Poison - what the bloody hell? I didn't poison your food!" Ron shouted desperately. "Harry — you're my bet mate. I would never do that!" "Then why was I almost murdered this morning?" "Murdered — what?" Ron replied, confusion etched onto his face. He placed his