This idea popped in my head while I was revising for my maths final. Essentially this will be a story about Albus Dumbledore's redemption and him handling all the challenges from Harry's point of view. It will also be about him recognising his past wrongs and him trying to find solace in the fact that magic has given him a second chance to right his wrongs. I will probably only sporadically update this as I have a very busy life (note that this is my first proper post this year) and I am graduating in two months, so along with that, I have to experience all of the 'holy fuck will I get into uni' stress. Anyhow, I hope you enjoy this fic. Warnings: mentions of possible abuse, lots of magical theory, death, references to a lot of shit (see if you can spot the sherlock holmes quote in this chapter), etc. As the story progresses, I shall have to add more warnings. Story begins in Harry's sixth year atop the astronomy tower of Hogwarts, where Dumbledore is murdered by Snape. "I said no!" shouted the brutal-faced man; there was a flash of light and the werewolf was blasted out of the way; he hit the ramparts and staggered, looking furious. Draco held on to his wand, arm trembling as he focused on his target: but his heart was not in it, if it ever had been. "Draco, do it, or stand aside so one of us-" screeched the woman, but at that precise moment the door to the ramparts burst open once more and there stood Severus Snape, his wand clutched in his hand as his black eyes swept the scene, from Albus, slumped against the wall, to the four Death Eaters including the enraged werewolf, and Malfoy. Albus felt his body slump in surrender; Severus, too, was aware that it was time for him to die. Nevertheless, Albus felt fear start to creep up his spine. Death. He had always respected death, never feared it. But now in his final moments, Albus became convinced of the fact that only a foolish man would not fear death. That implication of that (and of what he had been all his life up until now, namely: foolish) would have brought a small chuckle and a twinkle of his eyes to his face, had the situation not been so terrifyingly dark. He could see Harry in his invisibility cloak watching on with bated breath and in horror as the scene before him unfolded. Albus felt sudden guilt that the boy - no - man, would have to see this; would have to witness the death of his mentor, and dare he say it, friend. "We've got a problem, Snape," said the lumpy Amycus, whose eyes and wand were fixed alike upon Albus, "the boy doesn't seem able-" But Albus found suddenly that a word had slipped through his limp lips. "Severus…." He pleaded. Begging was a foreign concept to him. He didn't ever remember begging for his life, not like this anyway. It was fear of the unknown speaking, of course. And Severus knew it. His cold, dark eyes, flashed with something pleading for a moment or two and all of a sudden, Albus realised how very much this man trusted and respected him. Severus said nothing, instead, his eyes spoke it all. He walked forwards and pushed Malfoy roughly out of the way. The three Death Eaters fell back without a word, even the werewolf seemed cowed and Albus was very suddenly reminded of the the power and of the rank that Severus had achieved over the years… all for Lily and her son. For a moment, they stared at each other, communicating unspoken words, unsaid promises, then Severus' arm tensed, as it always did before casting a spell. "Severus…. please…" He pleaded one last time. They both knew he would be dead within a few months anyway - the curse on the ring had insured as much. His blackening arm would soon yield to the sickness completely and it would spread like a wildfire, ending his life in terrible agony. It was a miracle the potion's master had managed to hold it at bay for as long as he had. Severus finally raised his wand and pointed it directly at Albus. "Avada Kedavra!" A jet of green light shot from the end of his friend's wand and it hit Albus squarely in the chest. For a moment, Albus felt nothing at all, but then with a sickening single movement, his soul was ripped from his body. He remained in awareness for a few seconds more, watching as the sky above him turned a deep, dark red when someone cast the dark mark, and then finally, he started to fall slowly backwards, like a rag doll, over the battlements and out of sight. He never felt the hard, cold ground when he finally struck it. . Regaining awareness after an infinitely long period of immense numbness, so very suddenly was like being dropped in a tank full of ice-cold water in the middle of a deep sleep: jarring. For a moment or two, all Albus could do was gasp for air, like a desperate, drowning man. After calming down somewhat, Albus noted a few things in quick succession: one, he was in a small sort of enclosure; two, dust permeated the very air causing his breathing to come back ragged and harsh; and three, his body was not his own. Odd , he thought, looking down at two unfamiliar set of hands. They were small, perhaps of a five or six year old child… and yet, they looked and felt so weathered as though this body was severely used to hours upon hours of menial labour every single day. The next thing he noted was the poor clothing: the socks had holes in them and the shirt was so unwashed it stank of stale sweat. He also noted that they were muggle clothes. Very odd indeed. Seeing a crack of light from under one of the walls, Albus concluded that that was the door and gently pushed at it, attempting to get it to open. Nothing happened. Frowning, Albus wondered who in their right mind would ever dare to imprison a small child in this way. Concluding that there was no way out of this but to use magic, Albus reached into his core- Only not to find one. For a moment, panic such as he had not felt in a long time surged in him, threatening to throw him into mass hysterics, but then he detected a small wisp of golden light, right at the centre of the boy's chest. The magic seemed familiar, he thought with a frown. But now was evidently not the time to ponder such things. It was evident that he was not in his own body - not in the body of Albus Dumbledore anyway - anymore. No, instead, he had been… reincarnated… in a small child? Curiosity surged within him: reincarnation? He had read many texts on the subject, all implying that reincarnation was possible, and that in the way that that magic worked, it was actually very probable, but it had never been proved before. Yes, there were one or two wizards or witched every century who claimed to be a wizard or witch reborn, but nothing ever really came out of it. This boy's magical core was quite active for a person his age, and also had promise of becoming quite large. Even so, it seemed very impossible that Albus would be able to tap into it any time soon - it was simply too undeveloped. Which was why, of course, wizards and witches were only given their first wand after their eleventh birthday, when their cores had matured and stabilised. Perhaps pure brutal force would jerk the door open? While undignified, it would have to serve him as a solution for the time being. Manoeuvring in his crouched position, he pressed his back against the wall opposite to the door and placed his feet against the door. Using his back as counter-force, he started to roughly, sporadically kick at the door. He was going for his fourth kick when the door flew open; the momentum caused his body to propel forwards and his head to hit the top of the door frame. Albus' vision swam for a few moments and he attempted to massage his head, but the headache only became worse. "Boy!" Shouted, in a whisper, a harsh voice above him, "What is this racket?! What have I told you about being silent when respectable people are over?" That voice… he recognised it. But no — it couldn't be?! Simply couldn't! He couldn't be- Vernon Dursley was staring down at him; he was dressed in a size-too-small expensive-looking suit - probably his only suit. Albus could hardly see his face over the pudgy stomach, but the large walrus-like moustache was trembling with rage. There was also inherent hate etched into his entire visage; his body was trembling with malicious intent and his very eyes seemed to be bulging a little. "In!" He whispered harshly, motioning at the inside of the cupboard as Albus' - or Harry's - legs had stretched over the 'threshold'. " IN !" He said somewhat more forcibly. "Vernon, dear! Is everything alright?" Called a woman's voice from the next room, which Albus realised sounded very much like Petunia. Although, this time, it wasn't laced with venom and hate, as it usually was when Albus had spoken to her in the past, instead she seemed to be trying very hard to depict herself as the exemplary house-wife. Albus heard voices in the next room (which he supposed was the living room) and they were promptly followed by raucous laughter. "Perfectly fine, Petunia!" His voice was a pitch higher than usual and moderately kinder than usual. Then he turned his pudgy face on Albus once more. Albus was not one to discriminate on the basis of one's genetics, orientation or blood, but even now, faced with this utter pig of a man, who treated his own nephew with such hate and ostracisation - well, it was disgusting. "Back inside, freak ," he intoned the word with so much malice that even Albus was stupefied for a moment. And with one quick jerk of the door, Vernon slammed it shut, nearly injuring Albus' legs if the latter hadn't been quick enough to pull them to his chest. A 'click' sounded, and Albus very suddenly realised that Harry's uncle had locked him inside. What an abominable muggle. Now back in the darkness, Albus surveyed the situation. Evidently, he had somehow been reborn as a five or six year old Harry James Potter, son of Lily and James Potter. In the darkness, he could vaguely see the rest of his body, and as he gently allowed it to relax, he realised what a surreal feeling it was to have such a young body under his control once more. It was foreign to him to command a leg to stretch out and then see said short, youthful leg move. It was very much like taking a polyjuice potion, and then marvelling the abrupt changes it did to one's own body. Albus gently raised two fingers to his - Harry's - forehead, after suddenly remembering why Harry was in this predicament in the first place. A rough scar met his rough, calloused fingers and he traced the lightning-bolt scar. Cursed with black magic indeed , he thought grimly. A Horcrux. Tom's Horcrux. He would have to find a way to get rid of that as it seemed to be trying to stunt Harry's magical growth. Delving deep inside in a meditative sort of way, Albus gently probed at his own spirit - or soul, for lack of a better word - wondering what had happened to Harry's own. He delved deeper and found