A/N: So it's here, new book! The New generation! This book will be written in Renesmee's children's P. O. V as well as Ellery and Brandon's. Enjoy! New Generation Book One: Aura-Bella Black Chapter One 1 May 2039 The ocean is a beautiful thing. The shy sun that rarely shines in this place lights up the usually dark blue sea. The waves that usually crash onto the shore are now still. There are thin wispy clouds strewn over the sky. The sparkling water completes the picture. I was alone on the beach, it was about six am. Usually I'm sleeping this time and my sister Kyrie is trying to wake me up but I haven't slept yet. They're probably wondering where I am but they wouldn't put much thought into it. I am almost eighteen years old. My eyelids were heavy, I would have fallen asleep right here, the cold wouldn't bother me, but I couldn't for some reason. I've only been sitting here for two hours, before four am I was patrolling the reservation for evil vampires that either want to kill my family or want to eat the residents of the town. Though there hasn't been much activity for a long time, not since my family defeated the Voltury in some kind of epic war. Not that I want a war or anything, I just wish there was more action to this than running around a town all the time in circles sniffing the air and praying you catch an unfamiliar scent. Maybe that's what was keeping me from collapsing. Lack of adventure. I sighed. The sun was rising higher and I needed to get ready for school. I got up and ran home, took no more than ten minutes, if I had shifted it would have been five. "Where have you been?" Kyrie asked as soon as I came in by the door. She was perfect. That is the only word that comes to mind when you look at her. Copper coloured hair, ivory skin, bright red lips and chocolate brown eyes. Really hard to find flaws when I try to insult her. "At the beach." I said walking upstairs. "You look like hell" She said as she walked past me, her black stilettos clicking on the laminate flooring with each step she took. "What's the time?" I asked rubbing my eyes hard to get the stinging out. When I stopped and opened my eyes I saw a burst of stars for a few seconds. "You have forty five minutes, be quick." She said pouring herself cereal and called for the others to get done. We were five in all, three girls two boys, I was the eldest. My father's werewolf genes were passed to me. which also made me the new pack leader, my father still had his pack though some had started aging, it was only my dad, Leah, Seth and Embry. The younger ones fell to my pack. There were a bunch of us. Back to my siblings. Two years after I was born, Kyrie Rose Black followed me. My mom got her name from this baby naming book, it's supposed to mean something of the lord. She was born a vampire-hybrid and almost the exact image of my mother. She was the one responsible for getting me up in the morning. She grew up way faster than me and caught up to me in less than a year then overtook me. Though she looked older than me most of my life I never let her forget she was younger than me. But now that I turned eighteen on the fifteenth of July I finally looked older than her again. Next came Leigh Megan Black, technically she was thirteen but she already looked sixteen. She was the most unique of our family, a vampire, werewolf, human hybrid. Though she really didn't look like it, she was really tiny, she was never really sad always cheerful, she was so sweet too, no-one would ever expect her of being vampire/werewolf but she had a bit of an anger issue, okay a huge anger issue, it was like she had a split personality. And last but not least the twins, Anthony William Black and Mason Elliot Black. They were born five years after Leigh, ten years younger than me, Anthony was a werewolf since aunt Alice can't see him but Mason is apparently human, since she can see him. Anthony hasn't changed yet but he and Mason are exact opposites, not in looks-they both look kind of like my dad- but in personality, Anthony was always cheerful like Leigh but Mason was moody almost always and a loner, He only smiles sometimes, I think he feels left out that he's the only human out of five kids, though he usually gets along with Leigh. When I came out of the bathroom we had about fifteen minutes. Leigh and Mason were eating cereal with peanut butter, some weird breakfast they came up with when they were younger. Leigh didn't go to school yet since she was still aging and though it was small it was noticable, like short hair one day, a week later BAM! So my mom home schooled her, when my friends came over we had to say she was our genius cousin who finished school early and moved in with us from Paris. "Morning Freaks." I said mushing their hair and went to the fridge, When I closed the fridge I had some leftover pizza, some of grandma Esme's cookies and a bottle of orange juice. "Pig." Kyrie said joining us. I rolled my eyes then there was a flash followed by a snap. "That my sister is going on the internet." She smirked and walked out. I turned panicked to Leigh. "Help me please." I begged. "She's teaching me to play the guitar so I won't give you anything." Leigh said. Evil. "I'll set you up with a guy at school." I suggested. Leigh narrowed her eyes. "Fine I will do your chores for a year." I said. She raised her eyebrows. "And drive you wherever you want." I said flatly. "Deal, I'll send you something." She said, taking the last bite of cereal, kissed Mason on the cheek then disappeared. "Come on Mason, where's Anthony?" I asked lifting him off the seat. "You're asking me?" He said annoyed and walked to the car. He was really grumpy for an eight year old. "I'm coming, I'm coming!" Anthony said bounding down the staircase. He knew how this would end, three, two, one. "Whoa!" He exclaimed, he did the same thing everyday and always tripped on the last step and fell face first on the ground. "How many times Anthony." I rolled my eyes and picked him up and pulled him to the car. He climbed in the back with Mason. Kyrie was putting lip gloss on looking in the passenger seat mirror. "You always take forever." She rolled her eyes. "I'm sorry if you won't help me get grumpy dwarf and clumsy dwarf in the car. "I already have to wake you up every morning, take some responsibility." Kyrie huffed. "You didn't wake me up today!" I said, my voice getting louder. "Oh please, one day compared to how many years?" Kyrie rolled her eyes. "Well it's not my fault I have to patrol to keep your little princess head safe from evil vampire's who by the way are still trying to kill us!" I shouted. "You have a huge pack, that is no excuse, you don't have to be out till four every night and we all know the only reason you volunteer is so you and Elijah can go do business !" Kyrie shouted back. "Elijah has nothing to do with this and I am still a virgin!" I said, I was starting to shake. "What are you guys talking about? And by the way, school starts in ten minutes." Anthony said from the back seat. I totally forgot they were there. I started the car and sped down the driveway onto the main road, I pulled up at Anthony and Mason's school with two minutes to spare. "Enjoy your day!" I called after them. They ignored me. Anthony ran over to his group of friends while Mason just walked past everyone with his head down and into the school building. "Aura, school remember?" Kyrie said waving her hand in front of my face. "When will you get your own damn car?" I asked exasperated. "Don't worry, I'll be out of here soon." She rolled her eyes. I pulled up just as the bell rang for first class. "I was wondering where you were." Someone said from behind me snaking their arms around my waist. "Hey Elijah, I thought you were the one who wouldn't be here, you looked like the living dead last night." I said turning around to give him a quick kiss, Kyrie rolled her eyes and strutted off into the building. "I have to go to class, I'll see you at lunch time." I said slipping out of his arms. Elijah attend the community college two blocks away from my school, he studied music, actually pretty talented, he could play the guitar, piano, flute, drums and even the harmonica. He'd wait for me at my school and hang out with me if there was time and again at lunch. "You could always skip class." He suggested tugging on my shirt. I smiled, we were not imprinted, just both shared a mutual attraction on the job. My father was not at all pleased but lightened up a tiny bit thanks to my mom. "And miss the wonders of horizontal components? I think not. I'll see you at lunch okay." I said walking away. I was kind of late, if I walked at human speed I would never make it in time but I was a werewolf so... I was the last one to walk into the class behind a petite blonde. I sat down next to Maya. My best friend. She was a hybrid like Kyrie and my mom, her dad was Nahuel and her mom was my moms best friend Kaylen. She'd already finished high school once but decided to do it again. My cousin Ellery was also doing high school again but she was posing as a junior. "Where have you been?" She asked. "argument with Kyrie." I said simply taking out my books. "What else is new?" Maya rolled her eyes. She's been a witness to many of Kyrie and my disputes. "She accused me a sleeping with Elijah every night when I have to patrol." I said under my breath. "Oh my gosh do you?" She asked. I looked at he and hit her with my pencil-case. "What do you take me for?" I asked. "Aura, Maya the class is waiting for you two." my teacher Ms Rane said. I glared at Maya for a second then opened my book. Let me tell you something, I am no genius like Kyrie, my mom or Leigh or even Maya. I was a wolf not a vampire, don't get me wrong I wasn't stupid, I managed to scrape a B in a few classes but that was without studying, and not paying attention in class. The only way I really survived was the notes Maya made for me which I only looked at when I crammed for tests. When the bell rang for the next class I realized I hadn't heard a single word the teacher had said and instead of notes I'd doodled random things on the page. I examined my handy work as I walked to my next class, there was my name in different patterns, Elijah's name with hearts-that embarrassed me, it was so typically girly- there was a wolf, eyes with different types of shading and a drawing of a person getting eaten by a wolf labeled "Kyrie" and "Aura" I laughed out