Okay, this is NOT an attempt to butcher LOTR in any way. this is just something I staarted because a friend challenged me to do it. We all know Shagrat has a terrible end in the book (or at least we can ASSUME he does, because he failed to capture and/or kill the two foot-fungus-factories, I mean hobbits). Well, my friend and I decided to rewrite his end. What if an orc got to make his own way in the world? This is my first work of fanfiction, so naturally it's going to suck. I know this. But still, if you like any part of this at all, please review. Oh, and I do not own LOTR. An Eternal Bond - 1. Apocalypse and Aftermath - It was morning when the messenger from Minas Morgul arrived. Shagrat couldn't tell that by looking at the sky, which was always dark, but he had lived in Mordor long enough that he knew the smell of morning air. He could smell a faint scent of the dew on the trees on the other side of the mountains in which his home, the guard outpost tower of Cirith Ungol, was hidden. It was an old tower, originally built by men to prevent the inhabitants of Mordor from escaping into the rest of the world. It was fairly tall, but nowhere near the size of Barad-dûr, where the Dark Lord resided and where disobedient orcs were usually taken to be tortured. Shagrat had lived there once, when he was young, as the Dark Lord's hand servant, waiting on Sauron hand and foot, day and night. But Sauron had been kind to him then. When he cried, Sauron held him. When he was frightened, Sauron was there to comfort him. And when he was sick or hurt, Sauron had taken care of him. The Dark Lord had even saved him from being eaten alive by vicious cannibal orcs. He was barely more than a baby, only three or four years of age, when he was brought by marauders to Mordor from some place he did not remember. The only thing he did remember about it was that there had been another orc running after him and calling his name as the villain carried him off and how he had cried out the other orc's name, which he could no longer recall. He couldn't even remember how he knew the orc or why he had wanted to go back to him so badly. When he arrived, he was chosen by Sauron and thus taken from the other orcs. In this way, he was saved from becoming truly evil. Most of the time, although he was a servant, he didn't even work. Instead, Sauron would lock his bedroom door so they would not be disturbed, and spend hours at a time with Shagrat. Sometimes, he would sit on the floor and play with the baby orc, or he would wear his armor wrong or hold his mace in a strange way just to make Shagrat laugh. And laugh he would. He would fall over clapping his tiny hands and squealing with delight. Then Sauron would go and tickle him, and that only made him laugh harder. At night, Sauron would lay him down in his little bed in Sauron's room and pull his covers up to his chin. Then he would check under the bed for men and elves (Shagrat had been very scared of these). Then he would read or tell Shagrat a story to help him fall asleep. He would always end with "I love you, little Shagrat." and a kiss on the orc's forehead. In these ways, Sauron grew to be Shagrat's best friend and confidant, earned his trust, and, most importantly, became the father Shagrat had never had. But then came the Ring. When Shagrat had heard the full extent of his lord's plan, he had been afraid. He had questioned it and questioned the reason for it. But he had gotten no answer. All he had been given was an order that still ran across his mind daily, an order he knew, even now, at least two-and-a-half thousand years later, he had no choice but to follow. The memory was as clear in his head as if it had happened five minutes ago. Sauron had said he wanted to see Shagrat alone, so Shagrat knew it had to be important. He raced to the throne room and was out of breath when he finally got there, so that when he tried to tell the guard why he was there, all that came out was a hoarse little squeak. Luckily, the guard had known to expect him and waved him on past. He rushed down to the far end of the room and collapsed onto his knees before the great black throne. He could see a large, armored figure seated on the throne, looking half, if not completely, asleep. " My lord?" Shagrat squeaked out. The figure on the throne started and rose up straighter. " You wanted to see me? I came as quickly as I could." he gasped. The Dark Lord sat motionless for a moment as Shagrat tried to catch his breath. Then, as if he saw the orc for the first time, he jumped up and was at Shagrat's side in an instant. " My dear Shagrat, are you all right? Yes, I did say come quickly, but I didn't mean so quickly that you almost burst your heart." He put a large arm around the orc's shoulders and waited patiently until Shagrat spoke clearly again. " What was it that you needed so urgently, my lord? Are we being attacked? Has a prisoner gotten loose inside the tower again? Is there a food shortage?" " No." Sauron answered, "I would not have called you for something as minor as the things you have mentioned. No, this is a much more important task. You are the only orc I trust enough to assign it to." Shagrat couldn't help feeling a little like bragging to the other orcs as he said, "Anything for you, my lord. Ask and I shall see it done or may the Timeless Void and the Pure Evil take me." " I am glad your devotion is so strong, Shagrat, but I would never allow any of those things to happen to you. Now about your task, you must first understand that failure is not an option. You must succeed or the Void will take us all, and I would hate to see a fair soul like you sent to that awful place of pain and despair. So do whatever it takes to see this through, no matter what you have to do, no matter how extreme or drastic an action may seem. Do you understand?" " Yes, my lord." " Good. Now, what you have to do. I have told you of my plan to create a Great Ring that will control all of the others. Ash nazg durbatuluk, One Ring to rule them all." " Yes, I remember that. I still do not like the idea, but you are wiser than I in such matters." Shagrat replied. The Dark Lord nodded and continued. " Yes, indeed. You know my plan well. But you know not the true reason I am doing this. For in this Ring will be contained a part of my soul, my deepest being. Within this part will be the bond that connects me to Morgoth." Shagrat shook, suddenly frightened, at the sound of that name. Rarely was the true name of the Pure Evil that inhabited the Timeless Void ever spoken. Usually, it was avoided like a deadly plague, for just the thought of him seemed to suck the very life out of those who heard it. Sauron realized this and pulled the trembling orc closer to him. " Forgive me, I had forgotten for a moment what power that name has here. I am sorry for frightening you." " It's all right. Continue about my task, my lord." " Right, your assignment. The bond to… him will be inside the Ring. The Ring will then have the ability to sever that bond and free me forever. Not only that, but if all goes according to plan, it will also return me to my fair form which I lost in the downfall of Nûmenor. But to do this, the Ring must be destroyed. That is where you come in, Shagrat. You must make sure it is destroyed, as I will not be able to." He paused a moment. " Why not?" Shagrat asked, "You'll still help me…won't you?" The Dark Lord shook his head. " There is a downside to this, Shagrat. The part of me that will go into the Ring is the good and fair part because that is the only part of me that existed when the bond was formed. The part you are seeing now that is kind to you and to the other servants. This part will probably be gone once the Ring is made. The part of me that he created, the part the elves call "evil" will take over, and I will most likely become cruel and violent, a monster from your childhood nightmares. I will probably do everything possible to make sure the Ring is not destroyed, as it will give me the ability to take over all of Middle-earth through controlling the other Rings of Power. Yes, Shagrat, they too are a part of thi plan. I will use them and my control over them as a cover-up to ensure that The Pure Evil will not suspect anything. That is why I ask you to make sure the Ring is destroyed. You will not be affected by its creation. I will make sure you are there to witness its making so that you may see it and sense it. This will allow you to recognize the Ring for what it is when the chance arrives to destroy it. I will apologize in advance for bringing this upon you, Shagrat, as you will be in the most danger of being hurt if I go into a mad rage after creating it." Now Shagrat was scared. " What if you come after me when I've got the Ring to destroy it? What's to stop you from killing me to get it back? If what you say is true, then you will not treat me as you do now. I will be considered a slave, along with everyone else." Sauron smiled. " My little Shagrat, did you really think I would leave you unprotected and defenseless? No, I will do two things to help you. First, you will no longer reside here. As of today, you are reassigned as border guard captain to the outpost of Cirith Ungol. It is the farthest of our outposts from Barad-dûr, so you will be safe there. However, I will give you a second defense in the event that you and I come across each other before the Ring is destroyed. I will place a Mark on you so that you cannot be hurt or killed by our enemies or me. The way a Mark works is that it is placed around someone you love very much. A spouse, a child, or just a close friend. It will protect them from whatever harm you wish to keep them safe from. Furthermore, the Mark cannot be removed by the person who placed it unless they feel the one who was Marked is safe." " Thank you, my lord. I'll see to it that the deed is done. But I have one more question." " Yes?" " What if I become old and die of old age before I can destroy it?" " Shagrat, you need not fear that. For, just as I am bound to the Nameless One, so are you to me. As long as I live, so will