Author's Note: This story has been on my mind for a long time, and I figured it wouldn't hurt anyone to give it a shot. If you want me to continue updating please leave a review because otherwise I feel like I'll be wasting my time. I am almost 15 years old so don't expect me to have a perfect writing style. Author's Note 2: The part in bold between {} has been edited as of 19/4/2017. Chapter 1 It was a cool and breezy May, Saturday afternoon at Ottery St. Catchpole. The sun had yet to set leaving a mix of colors in the clear sky, and all the Weasley family members and their close friends were scattered inside and outside the Burrow. Molly Weasley along with Nymphadora Tonks were in the kitchen busily cooking everyone a huge feast and chattering happily about their families. In the living room was Arthur Weasley excitedly interrogating Mr. and Mrs. Granger about everything Muggle-related not unlike he had been doing on every single opportunity he could find. Bill and his wife Fleur Delacoure, Percy and his wife Penelope Clearwater, and Charlie were sitting on the other side of the room talking about their jobs and their families as well. Upstairs, in what used to be Fred and George's room, were Victoir and Dominique, Bill and Fleur's three and one year olds; Molly Jr., Percy and Penelope's two year old; Fred Jr., George and Angelina Johnson's two year old; George Jr., Fred and Alicia Spinet's two year old; along with Teddy Lupin, Tonks's only child, were tucked in the magically multiplied cribs and beds taking their afternoon naps. In the backyard, there was a very vicious Quiditch match that was scheduled to begin in about half an hour, and the tension between the two teams was as if they were competing for the Quiditch World Cup. Each team was made up of a beater, a keeper, a chaser, and a seeker. The first team was made up of Lee Jordan as keeper, Fred Weasley as beater, Alicia Spinet as chaser, and Harry Potter as seeker; the whole team was present and discussing their game techniques for the hundredth time which wasn't really necessary given that this would be the thousandth time they were having a Quiditch match. Harry Potter seemed to be the only person on the team who didn't seem to have all his concentration on the game that was going to take place seeing that he was occasionally sending quick glances towards his girlfriend Amber Hastings who was sitting under a tree peacefully reading a book, responding to Harry with her discreet yet beautiful smiles which just made his insides melt. The other team however was a little bit more relaxed, Ron Weasley, the keeper, was sitting next to his girlfriend Hermione Granger and was awfully distracted on how the sun was being reflected by her eyes making her as beautiful as ever; and George Weasley and Angelina Johnson, the respective beater and chaser, were checking if their children, nephews, and nieces were still quietly enjoying their little nap. Consequently, none of the team members noticed that their seeker was missing. Ginny Weasley was sitting by the pond next to her house like she had always done whenever she felt like being alone. The water was not warm enough for Ginny to swim in, yet it was just about the perfect temperature to be able to slightly dip her toes in the clear and dazzling liquid. With the cool breeze beautifully messing her gorgeous red hair and the sun giving a particular glimmer in her deep chocolate brown eyes, the whole scene looked stunning for the passerby. Ginny, on the other hand, didn't feel beautiful at all. Actually, she felt like the most pathetic person on earth at that moment. While all the current people inside and outside of the Burrow were enjoying this cool and breezy Sunday afternoon, Ginny just couldn't stand anybody at the moment and just felt like staying away from all the noise and the talking and the laughing and the bickering. She felt like curling up in a deep hole and never getting out. She was grasping the moist grass under her clenched fists while blinking away all the unshed tears of anger and sorrow that she had kept stored in her for some time now. In that moment, she considered herself a big fat mess of feelings. So, she let everything she was feeling in as she let down the walls that she had built up so long ago. She let all the pain she was feeling pour out of her. Ginny wanted to blame him for everything she was feeling but she knew deep down that it wasn't his fault at all. She let out an angry groan at her realization. Maybe it wasn't his fault, but everything always led up to him . He was the reason she couldn't feel as happy as everyone else did on an occasion such as today's reunion which happened at least once or twice every single month. He was the reason she couldn't move on with her life like everyone was doing. But he didn't know it, so she couldn't blame him . Ginny could only blame herself for the way she felt. The way she had convinced almost everybody she hadn't felt since her third year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. In Ginny's defense, she had tried on several times to put as much distance between both of them as she could, but given he practically lived in her family's home, the Burrow the same place she had lived since she was born, that wasn't very easy to do. She was stuck with him , and he didn't even know it. She knew she was kidding herself if she thought she could ignore and simply get over the raven-haired guy and avoid his gorgeous emerald green eyes. She was so angry at herself for being so helpless and weak against him . However, she couldn't beat herself up for it because he wasn't a normal guy, and that wasn't just because he was "The Boy Who Lived" nor because he was the chosen one who had defeated the Dark Lord on numerous occasions including the final battle where he had permanently defeated Voldemort three years ago. She felt the way she felt about the guy underneath, and not the portrait of the hero that the Wizarding World had painted over the face of the emotionally scarred boy. She fell for the brave, courageous, loving, and caring person underneath it all. Ginny Weasley was in love with Harry Potter, "The Boy Who Was Too Blind to See the Way She Felt about Him". But she couldn't blame him for not thinking of her as more than one of his friends. She was actually grateful that he didn't think of her as Ron's little sister anymore and realized that she was her own person not only the youngest and only female of the Weasley kids. Up until Harry's forth year, she was the little girl who had a hero crush on him and squealed turning bright red while doing clumsy things whenever he was around, the little girl that he had rescued from the claws of Tom Riddle and the Chamber of Secrets all those years ago. He never thought about her as more than that until he saw her potential during his brief time mentoring in the DA (Dumbledore's Army) where she had shown how skilled she was in everything she did. During that whole year he was starting to get to know her better and was starting to see her in a whole new perspective. He started being more protective of her and started caring for her as he did for Hermione; which was saying something since she was basically his sister in all but blood. And after the incident in the department of mysteries during which Harry and Ginny along with four of their close friends had battled against Death Eaters, Harry and Ginny have been developing a friendship. Ginny, on the other hand, realized something different during that particular year. Her behavior around Harry had changed during her third year. She had given up on him completely and therefor convinced herself that she had gotten over her childish hero-crush on Harry. She had started feeling quite comfortable around him and started being herself instead of blushing bright red every time he was around, not that he had noticed. So she didn't have any problem being around Harry during the numerous DA meetings in the Room of Requirements and had been quite amused at the way he was always astonished and left breathless when he witnessed her casting defensive spells as well as other curses and hexes. Ginny being so proud of herself had even told Hermione she was officially over Harry Potter actually believing it herself. { Seeing as Hermione was originally the one who had told her that it was time to move on and see other people, Ginny knew that the older girl would be proud to hear that she had finally gotten over The-Boy-Who-Lived. On the eve of the last D.A. meeting before the Christmas holidays, however, she realized that she had indeed made her conclusions too soon. The meeting was like any other, they started with the Impediment Jinx for a few minutes and then kept on going over things they had gotten over so far. Ginny did notice how Harry kept on walking past Cho while she beamed at him, and she couldn't help rolling her eyes but that was normal. They were just so fluffy it made her sick, and she could see her feelings mirrored on the faces of many other D.A. members. What really destabilized her resolve was later that night, when Harry came into the Gryffindor common room a half hour later than everybody else. She didn't think much about it first despite his enamored expression, but after overhearing bits and pieces of his conversation with Ron and Hermione, she quietly made her way upstairs careful as to not being noticed but not missing the sorrowful glance Hermione sent her way. In her defense, she didn't spend the night crying into her pillow, wishing she could be in Cho's place. She still had her pride and dignity after all. She just accepted the fact that, eventually, she had to get over him and find closure. Hermione had tried several times since then to make Ginny confess her feelings to Harry in a way to do just that, but even the bravest Gryffindor didn't have the courage it took to take that kind of step; especially when the person you wanted to declare your undying flame to was always in the middle of complicated situations. For instance, the loss of his godfather Sirius Black which was a complete loss for Ginny since she had grown to care deeply for the man, or for example the fact that they rarely saw each other during her fifth year during which she was studying for her O.W.L.S. and he was spending a lot of his time in Dumbledore's company doing Merlin-knows-what and later that same year mourning the loss of his mentor, as well as her sixth year at Hogwarts which was in mid-war when Harry was searching for Voldemort's horcruxes with Ron and Hermione, as she had found out later during the war when Harry along with his two companions had shown up at Hogwarts to find the last of the horcruxes which lead to having the final battle on the grounds of Hogwarts while facing so many losses. The period after the battle had been a time of grief and Ginny hadn't had the intention of adding another burden on Harry's shoulders at the time. Plus, by that time her feelings weren't a burden to her as much as they were something she just had