B Shift Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. Any similarities between my story, with the exception of the character names, are just that, similarities. No copy right infringement is intended. O/S Poll: Option 1 B Shift: Rated M Synopsis: Dr. Isabella Swan is a doctor who's moved to a new city to escape her past. She meets Edward Cullen, a cocky firefighter who knows he's God's gift to women. Through a series of interactions, they soon realize there in love, and that their relationship is going to cause them a lot of trouble, maybe even the careers they both love. LEMON WARNING DEAD AHEAD. November 2010 Norfolk, VA. Bella I was standing in a very long line. I hated flying. But what I hated more was waiting to get off the plane after it landed. People in general were slow gathering there things together. People who had to collect the things of there children were even more annoying. Why people couldn't have everything ready before landing was beyond me. I had my things ready, and in my lap before we started circling and before the "Fasten Seat Belt" light went on. Now I was standing behind a mother who looked frazzled and apparently had lost one of her children. How the hell do you lose a kid? I didn't dislike children, but I didn't necessarily love them either. I just wasn't a kid person. They were messy and tended to smell. I was so glad I had decided against Pediatrics. Finally, after waiting for twenty minutes for the gaggle of people to dissipate, I exited the plane and started looking for a sign with my name on it. I had been told that someone would be waiting for me. That I would be escorted to the hotel, and then after the convention that I was attending was over, I would be escorted back to the airport. I wouldn't have it any other way. I loved most of the perks that came with being a Trauma doctor. "I'm Isabella Swan," I say to the man holding the "Dr Swan" sign. I watch as he looks me up and down, a reaction that I'm used to. I've been told, by a few of my lovers in the past, that I'm beautiful. My small frame, combined with long brown hair and big brown eyes tend to attract many men. Most of them I shoot down. I have a lot to do on my life 'to-do' list, and I don't have time for anything 'serious'. Just the occasional fling. If I'm lucky, and since I"m a woman, I usually am, I'm able to find a 'fuck' buddy. Just someone who I can sleep with, no strings attached. I stay with them for a while, until I get tired of them (which is what usually happens) or they start to want more (which is what happened to my most recent 'relationship'). I pull myself back to reality for a minute and realize that the driver, who after looking closely at him, see he's way to young for me, I realize he is waiting for me to follow him. "Can I take your bag, Ma'am?" Yes, he's definitely too young for me. And way too Southern. I don't like being called ma'am. I'm way too young for that bullshit. "No. I can handle it. It does have wheels after all." I watch as he folds the sign and I follow him to the waiting car. I watch as he opens the door for me and I let him place my luggage in the trunk. I settle myself into the plush leather seats and pull my iPad out of my Coach bag. I check CNN, my favorite outlet for news, and then move onto the Weather channel. I'm hoping that the weather in Virginia holds out, and that the rain that is predicted doesn't show up. I hate rain. I always have. I grew up in an area that rains a majority of the year, and when I left years ago, I never wished for it to rain again. If I could find a place that didn't have rain, and I could still practice cutting edge medicine, I'd go there. Unfortunately, most of those places were places I didn't want to be. I felt the Town car come to a halt and heard the drivers' door open. "Dr Swan," the driver says, smiling at me. I get out of the car and watch as he unloads my suitcase from the trunk. "I'll take that," I say, moving to grab the handle from him. As I turn around, I hear someone yell "heads up!" in time to see a helmet soar past my head. "What the fuc-" I say, looking up to see where the warning had come from. "I'm sorry sugar," I heard someone say. "I didn't mean to throw it so close to your face." I saw what could only be described as a giant coming towards me. He was a massive man. At least 6'5" with big, muscly arms, a close cut head and a big, goofy, smile. "I'm not your sugar," I say, looking at the giant. I knew that there was no way I could intimidate him, I was 5'1" and weighed 105lbs on a good day. "Your in the South," the giant says, "get used to being called sugar." "I will do no such thing." I turned on my booted foot and walked in to the hotel. I didn't notice the tall guy he chucked the helmet to, who had watched me the entire time. I walked up to the desk and gave my name to the attendant. "Swan, Dr. Isabella Swan." I heard the attendant, whose name tag read, Cait, type a few keys on the computer, her fake nails making an annoying clicking noise. "Dr. Swan," she says, looking at me. "They've put you on the 27th floor. Your in a suite." I watched as she ran the card through the coding machine and then handed it over to me. "Do you need help with your luggage?" I gave her a 'what the fuck' look and then nodded towards my single, solitary suitcase sitting next to me. "I think I can handle my luggage," I pulled the handle back up and made my way to the elevator. As I went to push the up button my finger was crushed by a gigantic finger. I turned around to see who the finger belongs to only to come face to face with the giant, again. "Sorry sugar," he said, his face forming into a huge smirk. If I could reach him, or had a stool, I'd smack that smirk right off his face. Instead, I decided to ignore his comment. We stood there for about three minutes, waiting for the elevator to arrive. I could hear 'the giant' talking to someone, and could hear 'the someone' talking back to him, but I didn't really care enough to turn around and see who 'the someone' was. Finally the alert button dinged and the doors opened. I walked in, pulling my suitcase behind me and pushed 'three'. I knew that I had to check in with the sponsors of the symposium, and get my identification. I stood patiently in the elevator waiting for it to travel the three floors it needed to go. It binged and I walked out, I happened to notice that 'the giant' and 'the someone' got out with me. I walked over to the table that said 'Symposium Faculty' and put my suitcase upright, resting it on it's wheels. "Isabella Swan," I say to the man sitting at the table. I fish out my wallet from my purse and hand him my driver's license. "Dr. Swan," the man says, "I'm James Wentworth. We spoke on the phone." He reaches his hand out to me and I shake it, my small, delicate fingers touching his lightly. I didn't like him already. He seemed skeevy to me. "It's nice to meet you Mr. Wentworth." He was eyeing me, and I could tell that he was interested in me. I didn't want to give him any ideas at all. "Nice to meet you." I watched as he thumbed his way through a box of manila envelopes, finally coming upon one that had my name on it. "Here is everything that you need." He hands me the envelope, followed by a smaller, white envelope that I open to reveal an ID badge. "You'll need to wear that at all times," he says. I ignore him and shove it back in the envelope. "Is that everything?" I ask, anxiously to get back to my room. I'm tired and just slightly jet lagged from the cross country plane ride I just made. "Yes," I grab the handle on my suitcase again and head back towards the elevator, again I push the up button. This time it takes just a minute for the elevator to arrive and I'm glad to have the elevator to myself. I need quiet. I need peace. And most importantly, I need a drink. The next morning I wake up early to go to the gym. My normal routine every morning. After my workout I go back up to my room and put my outfit for the day together. I packed a red pant suit with three inch heels, knowing that while standing in front of the lecture room, I would be hard to be seen. That what happens when your short. I made up for my short stature by dressing stylishly and wearing high heels. I grabbed the dreaded name badge and placed it around my neck. I walked to the elevator and pushed the down button. The doors opened to reveal a wallpapered hallway. I exited and made my way to the main concourse of the convention center and found the room that needed to be in. "Dr Swan?" I heard a voice say. I looked up to see a blonde haired guy standing in front of me. "Yes," I say, looking up at the blonde haired, blue eyed guy standing in front of me. He was dressed casually in khakis and a polo shirt. "I'm Jasper Whitlock," he says, reaching his hand out to shake my hand. "I'm the room host. I'll be introducing you. And then scanning all the name tags at the end of the class." "It's nice to meet you Mr. Whitlock," I say, reaching my hand back out to him. I shake his hand, grasping his fingers lightly. "Do you need help getting your presentation started?" He asks, looking at me. "No." I say, reaching into my pocket and pulling out the thumb drive that contains my 90 minute presentation. I go to the computer, that's already been turned on for me, and insert the thumb drive into the USB port on the side. After selecting my presentation, I open it to make sure that it will work correctly on the computer and then close it back up. I wait a few minutes as the class fills up, sitting quietly up front watching everyone enter the room. And then I see 'the giant' enter the room. I watch as he bumps fists with Jasper and then I watch as another man comes in the room, and again bumps fists with Jasper. The other man sits down next to 'the giant' and I'm taken aback by the hotness of him. Instantly, I feel my panties get wet and I know that my lecture is going to be uncomfortable standing in front of him with wet panties. Oh my good he was hot. And utterly and completely fuckable. Yum. Ninety minutes later I was complete with my lecture. It had taken every last ounce of concentration that I had to complete it. I couldn't keep my eyes off him. He paid attention to everything that I had to say and even asked a relatively intelligent question. After the lecture