Author: Sheviking Title: Practically Perfect in Every Way Summary: Edward has a big secret and Bella is about to get way more than she bargained for. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M (Romance) Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Practically Perfect in Every Way BPOV "I'll walk you up." Edward holds out his hand to help me out of his car, and I take it, excitement already thrumming through me. We walk to my building and I notice he's gone quiet again. He's usually very talkative but not at the end of the night. I look up at him as we enter the elevator, and he notices, sending me a soft smile and giving my hand a small squeeze. Then we're standing outside my door, and I hope tonight will be the night. "Edward . . ." He faces me, brushing the heavy curtain of my hair over my shoulder. The brief touch makes me shiver, and I lick my lips. His eyes are drawn to my mouth, and his eyes have darkened. The way he looms over me would seem threatening if he were a stranger, but he isn't. I know him, and all it does is add to my excitement. Do it. Do it, please. Grab me. Touch me. Kiss me. He clears his throat, stepping even closer until there are just a few inches between our mouth, and I have to tilt my head back to look at his face. "I've had a great time, Bella." "Me too. Thank you so much for dinner." "My pleasure." Pleasure. Let me pleasure you. I stand up on my toes to lessen the distance as he leans down to kiss me. His lips are warm and gentle, driving me crazy with their velvety softness. I want to move into his body, but his hands descend on my upper arms, holding me in place. The kiss deepens, and I brush my tongue against his, drawing a deep moan from him. The sound sends a bolt of lust through my system, and I whimper, my hands grabbing fistfuls of his jacket, trying to get closer. But just as soon as it started, it's over again, and he pulls back, breathing heavily. "I'd better go. I have work in the morning." He touches my hand for a moment. "Are we still on for lunch tomorrow?" I nod, unable to speak. "Can't wait," he says softly. "Sleep well . . . sweetheart." The term of endearment brings me out of my trance, and I finally smile at him, righting my glasses. "You too." He leans in to press a quick kiss to my lips before he's hurrying down the hall to the elevator. I unlock the door and look in his direction again, seeing him looking my way. For a second I think he's coming back to me, but then he waves and steps into the elevator. Inside my apartment I turn on the lights and then let out a scream of frustration, stomping my feet and throwing up my arms. Argh! Why won't he fuck me? The mariachi-style music drowns out my sigh before I take another slurp of my frozen margarita. Across from me, Rose and Alice are busy catching up, and unsurprisingly, they're talking about sex. Rose is in the middle of regaling Alice about her latest exploits with her boyfriend, and Alice is laughing loudly, throwing her head back. I sigh again, reaching for another chip. "Okay, what's the deal, Swan?" I look up to find them both eyeing me. "You've been moping ever since we got here," Alice says. "Yeah, some homecoming." Rose sniffs, as though offended. I know she's not really, though. She's the most laid-back person I've ever met. "Sorry. I'm being a total killjoy. It's just . . . just . . ." "Yehhhs?" They both drawl, leaning closer. "My boyfriend doesn't wanna have sex with me!" I wail. Because it's me, the song changes at that exact moment, broadcasting my frustration to half the restaurant. Fuck! The table situated closest to us, all guys of course, gets really quiet for a second before they all start laughing. Great. Just perfect. Alice ignores them, leaning even closer to me. "Edward? You guys still haven't!" "I know!" "And you've been going out for what . . . three or four months now?" "Four." "Wait, who's this?" Rose asks. "Oh my god, you have to see this guy," Alice gushes. "He's gorgeous ." She isn't wrong. Edward is gorgeous. He's also sweet, kind, funny and interesting. He's a veterinarian and dreams of buying a house with some land so he can adopt a dog of his own and maybe have a few chickens. I know this because we've talked about our dreams and aspirations and just about everything else. We've talked a lot. I tell them all of that, catching Rose up. She moved to LA last year for work, and neither of us is very good at getting on the phone with each other. Who is, in this day and age? "He sounds practically perfect in every way," she says, putting on a terrible British accent. "Ha ha, Mary Poppins. The thing is, he is perfect. He's too perfect. No wonder he doesn't want to sleep with my mediocre self. Maybe he's just not attracted to me." Even as I say it, I know that's not it. "Okay, first of all, that's ridiculous." Rose's brow furrows as she scolds me. "You're cute as hell." "Cute isn't sexy though," I mutter, giving her abundant curves a jealous glare. The truth is I'm normally happy with how I look. I am cute, and I've never had a problem with guys. Well, at least not since I grew out of my awkward teenage phase. I'm not a swimsuit model type. I wear hipster glasses that I actually need to see. I like vintage dresses, Star Trek , and Harry Potter , and I work with computers. Most guys like my type, to be honest. "Secondly," Rose continues, "why would he be dating you if he didn't find you attractive? You guys have been together for months now." "Maybe he's made a bet with a friend about getting a nerd to fall in love with him." Rose snorts. "You've been watching 90s teen rom-coms again, haven't you?" "Maybe," I grumble. "I've seen how he looks at you," Alice says. "There's no way he isn't into you." "Hmm." Rose takes a sip of her own margarita. "Could it be a religious thing?" I shrug. "I don't think so. He's never mentioned it, and he doesn't go to church on the regular. Last Sunday we went to a matinee, and the Sunday before that, he invited me to a picnic brunch in the park." "Aw, that's nice!" "It was nice. It's been nice. Every date has been amazing. I just don't get it." "Okay, walk us through it," Alice says, grabbing a handful of chips. "You're at the end of the date. How do you guys say good night?" Rose nods eagerly. "We kiss. He kissed me on our second date, and we've been doing that ever since. And I mean, not just at the end of the date. He kisses me all the time. He holds my hand. He puts his arm around me, and he does that thing where he puts his hand on my lower back when we walk into restaurants. I love that." Rose and Alice both sigh dreamily. "Yeah, that's the best," Rose agrees. "When he kisses you, does it seem like he wants more?" "Sometimes. We get really into it, but then he backs off, like he's holding himself back. But at the same time he's so romantic with me, always touching me in little ways, saying the sweetest things. He's the one who asked us to be exclusive, the one who first started referring to me in public as his girlfriend. That's why I don't understand why things haven't gone any further. I want him so badly, and I'm so frustrated!" "Well, have you considered telling him that?" Alice smiles at me. "Some guys don't like making the first move. The end of the next date, you just grab him and say, 'Edward . . . ' Uh, what's his last name again?" "Cullen," I supply. "Right. 'Edward Cullen. I'm crazy about you. Now will you please fuck my brains out already?'" I chuckle, shaking my head. I can't imagine being that forward. I look to Rose for feedback. "Edward Cullen? I swear I've heard that name somewhere before." "Trust me. If you'd met him, you'd remember," Alice says with a grin. I smile. Edward is definitely memorable. Rose is still looking pensive. "Is he from around here? Maybe I know someone who knows him." "Actually, no. He moved here three years ago from . . . Chicago, I think it was." "Chicago? Edward Cullen . . . from Chicago. And he's a vet." Her eyes widen, and she lets out a choked sort of gasp, covering her mouth with her hands. "Oh my god!" she shrieks before she starts to laugh. "Oh my fucking god! Bella!" "What? What?" Rose is freaking me out, her expression somewhere between horrified and excited. Alice looks just as puzzled as I feel. "Oh my god," Rose says again, shaking her head. "What?" Alice and I yell in unison. "I-I can't tell you, Bella. I can't tell you. You need to talk to your man." I stare at her with my mouth hanging open. "What? Rose, you have to!" "No, no, no." She shakes her head firmly. "I'm sorry, but I can't. Trust me, this is something Edward has to tell you. Trust me." "Is it something bad? Has he done something bad?" "No. But you need to talk to him." "Is it about why he doesn't want to sleep with me?" "Bella, please, just talk to him. I'm more convinced than ever that he does want to have sex with you, but I understand why he hasn't yet." I look at Alice who's apparently just as clueless I am because she's also staring at Rose with a bewildered expression on her face. This is something only Rose knows. Something about sex. And Edward. Holy fuck. Rose is head of sales for the largest adult entertainment franchise in the country, and she always has a ton of stories, and toys, to share. Alice and her boyfriend Jasper have taken full advantage of it. Me, not so much, but that's mostly because it's been a couple of years since I've had a steady boyfriend. "Has"—I swallow, lowering my voice to a whisper—"has Edward done porn?" Alice gasps. "No." Rose's voice doesn't waver. "Bella, no. He hasn't." I can't take this anymore. "I should . . ." I push my chair back. "Yeah. Go talk to him. I'm really sorry, Bella." I can see that she means it, and I nod, giving her what I'm sure is a watery smile. "Before you go . . . I think Edward sounds like a great guy, and I'm really happy you've met him. I can tell he makes you happy." I nod. "Just . . . keep an open mind, okay?" I nod again, standing up. "Good luck, I guess," Alice says, giving my hand a squeeze, "even though I have no idea what's going on." I can't help but laugh. This whole thing is so bizarre. "Thanks, you guys. I guess I'll talk to you later." Outside the restaurant I catch the nearest Uber and head straight for Edward's apartment. He told me he'd be home tonight. On the way there I send him a text. The whole 'we need to talk' bit has an ominous ring to it, so I leave that out and simply tell him I'm coming over. I don't get a reply, but sometimes he takes a while, so I'm not