Title : Hatchet Man Summary : When Bella's boss retires, the only thing standing between her and the position is the dick they've already hired for the job. Pairing : Edward & Bella Rating : M Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Hatchet Man On a typical Monday morning, I arrive at work to find my boss clearing out her desk, placing personal items in a box. "Morning, Shirley. What are you doing?" I ask, somewhat confused. "I'm leaving." "Leaving?" "Retiring, Bella… off to London. I'm finally going to see the world." "But…" Shirley and I have worked together for years, and she has never talked about travelling. The shock settles in as I realize she's intending to go right away. "I can't believe this is happening." When she places her hand compassionately on my wrist, I see she's been crying. "I want to go quietly, without a big farewell." I shake my head, feeling my own eyes brim with tears. "And you'll be fine. I'm stepping aside for you youngsters to take over. I have faith in you, Bella Swan." Emmett and Carlisle come in to help carry her things to her car. After a career spanning thirty years, she's only taking a few framed photos, her big vase, pink stationery items, and the puffy vest she always kept in her office. She gets her wish, going quietly before most of the staff members arrive. We embrace and she promises to keep in touch. Carlisle chuckles, saying Esme will want to hear all the details, knowing it won't be long before she starts begging him to take an overseas vacation. When he thanks her sincerely for everything she's done, I break down. Coming back inside, Carlisle is emotional, wiping his eyes. "The end of an era, Bella." When I nod, he asks, "Can you keep things going until we decide what we're doing with that position?" "Of course I can." I'm numb, my mind wandering through twelve months of reports I've produced showing sales declining. We've all noticed the lack of customers coming into the showroom, so I feel Shirley spared me the whole story. Knowing Carlisle, he's given her a way to leave with her dignity intact. I jump into the role of sales manager, surprised by her lack of proactivity. She must have lost enthusiasm while planning a trip around the world. While I start work on the things we can improve quickly, it becomes obvious we won't need an assistant sales manager while the business isn't doing so great. I do my best to keep Carlisle informed, but the monthly report shows another downturn in sales. If we are going to survive, the new sales manager of Cullen Fine Furniture will have to make changes while keeping the core of the company true to its beginnings. Carlisle Cullen started with nothing in the eighties, building a reputation for delivering hand-made pieces of furniture that transcend generations. He survived in a market just discovering IKEA. The quality of the product has never been in question. We just need an injection of the twenty-first century. With ideas for expanding our market share, I approach Carlisle's office to win him over with my strategy and hear his son, Emmett, arguing with someone over the phone. It only takes a minute of eavesdropping to work out they've already hired someone and the new person has somebody else in mind for the job as his assistant. Emmett is refusing to lay anyone off until he sees the full report. The full report. Of course, someone new will be looking at aspects of the business, familiarizing themselves with our current practices before recommending change. Unfortunately, one of those changes will likely be me walking out the door. On Monday morning, I drag myself into work, knowing I'm meeting my new boss, Edward Masen, who will begin the job of saving Cullen Fine Furniture. As I stare out the window of a crowded Seattle train, I remember how happy I've been working there. Emmett Cullen hired me straight out of college, saying he felt I would fit in with their culture, and now he's about to marry my best friend and roommate, Rose. We keep it businesslike at work, but outside, he's like a brother to me. I never planned to stay so long in my first job, but the people and the flexibility of the place have kept me here for three years now. My title of assistant sales manager has never adequately described the work I do—something I like—and I still find it easy to adhere to our philosophy of making the customer our highest priority. I don't want to lose this job, but do I have any power to fight? I guess I'm about to find out. All day, I'm expecting Carlisle to bring Edward Masen around to introduce us. With nothing to lose, I've prepared myself to expound on my strategy for change, particularly because I don't want him treating me as his personal assistant. When I don't see him on the second day either, Emmett explains he's been everywhere, asking questions—everywhere but with me. Jess, the office assistant, says they've been watching him walk in and out of Carlisle's office. He's so good looking, they fan themselves when he goes past. I don't care what he looks like when I'm feeling abandoned, but the next morning, he's already in his office when I arrive. "Miss Swan?" he calls out as soon as I drop my handbag at my desk. "Could you come in here please?" It's so formal, I feel like I should be responding with a "Yes, Sir"—but I go in silently, taking my phone in case he has tasks for me. I definitely do not want to risk forgetting something since I'm feeling expendable and obviously at the bottom of the heap as far as he's concerned. Wearing an expensive-looking dress shirt and tie, he ignores my offer of a handshake and motions for me to sit down on the other side of his desk. "You can call me Mr. Masen," he announces, then launches into a long list of things he wants me to do, expecting a report breaking down purchases, showing patterns of what items people buy and when—six months of data filtered by days of the week! What items people buy? They order custom-made furniture! Does it really matter if we sell more round coffee tables on Wednesdays than Fridays? By product by day—the report will be thousands of pages long! Watching me enter everything in front of him, he enquires, "You're taking notes on your phone?" The intonation is neutral, as if he's only making an observation, but I'm very sensitive at the moment, and I glare at him slightly. "I can email them to you if you want to check I've understood everything." "That won't be necessary," he responds, his tone as even as before. Leah buzzes my desk, asking for help in the showroom. At Cullen Fine Furniture, an influx of customers means I drop everything and head down to help. The customer always comes first. "Would you please excuse me?" I ask. "I beg your pardon?" "They need my help," I answer and stand. "Who are they and where are you going?" he demands as I'm walking out, following me. "This is not very productive." "We have customers. I'm needed in the showroom." Turning to face him, I see his eyebrows raised in complete surprise. Carlisle assured me he would inform him this is part of my job. His eyes rake over me. "And you're going down there dressed like that?" I look down to take in my shirt and slacks, seeing nothing wrong with what I'm wearing. "Yes… I am." "Alright," he responds, without any sign of explaining, and walks into his office, leaving my confidence slightly battered. I've been speaking to an older couple for a while, drawing their attention to the grain in our locally grown timber that creates a unique piece of furniture every time. I've already witnessed a certain look passing between them, imagining how the furniture would look in their home, when Mr. Masen joins us with his suit jacket buttoned, looking like a million dollars. "Would you like to see the artist at work?" he offers with a heart-stopping smile. The man and woman glance at each other and nod, completely forgetting about me. We don't take customers into the workshop unless Carlisle specifically requests it. I've never known an impromptu visit before, but I follow along to see what Mr. Masen thinks he can achieve. The smell of the workshop is always incredible. With shavings on the floor and furniture nowhere near finished, this is the part of the business where Carlisle and his team work their magic. "Thank you, Miss Swan," he says, dismissively. I smile sweetly and leave, lingering outside long enough to hear him run through the process as if he's been here for years. He even knows more than I do about the chairs—rattling off dimensions chosen to create maximum comfort with minimal impact on floor space. With no new customers in the showroom, I climb the stairs, fuming he would dare to rob me of the sale and the commission. Throwing myself in my chair, I know I should make a start on the stupid report, but I want to know what he judges as wrong with my outfit. Without a lot of money to spend on his kind of expensive clothes, I think I do okay making sure I look professional every goddamn day. I consider asking him to expand, but I doubt he'd even realize his answer would insult me. It's only taken me an hour to recognize the man as a dick. When he appears at the top of the stairs, he's preoccupied, tapping something into his phone. "We'll continue tomorrow morning, Miss Swan. I have meetings now." "Great," I mutter to myself. I'd love to ask if he made the sale, but I won't give him the satisfaction. "What time do you start?" he asks without looking up. "Eight." "Alright," he responds in that detached manner I already find exasperating. I bury myself in a spreadsheet, checking and re-checking my figures. There are patterns appearing when I look at total sales daily, important to staffing the showroom. Thursday is clearly our biggest day and Sunday is a close second. Shirley and I worked alternate weekends, but this shows we should have both worked Thursday nights. It's three in the afternoon when Angela places a coffee down in front of me. "Have you had lunch?" she asks. "Not yet," I answer. "I've been caught up in this damn report. Thanks for the coffee, Ang." Jess breezes in, stopping at my desk. "What's Mr. Masen like?" "Very different to Shirley, obviously. I'm going to be busy." "He's good to look at, isn't he?" She looks excited but I just shrug, caring little for his exterior. "You haven't noticed yet, have you?" she asks with a smirk, glancing at Angela who shakes her head. "Jess… don't." "Noticed what?" I'm oblivious. "Your new boss. He's well endowed, like really well endowed." "Honestly, I couldn't care less. I already know he's a dick so the size of his dick doesn't matter." "Well, wait until you see the package before passing judgement. It's… impressive," she adds with a giggle. "Haven't you got anything better to do?" I growl at her. "I just wondered if he's nice, because… well… I'd go there." "He's not nice to me, Jess. In fact, I think he stole a sale from me this morning." Both of their mouths fall open. It's something we do not do at Cullen Fine Furniture. "Did he close the sale?" Jess asks. "Ugh." I'm over this already. I have to finish the report if I'm going home tonight. "That is a dick move, Bella." Angela rubs my