Title: Hard to Deliver Summary: Edward 'The Package' Cullen: Porn Star. What do you get when one of the most massive dicks ever filmed is attached to the most massive dick ever filmed? Pairing: E/B Rating: M Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Hard to Deliver Edward 'The Package' Cullen loves his life. He's good looking. Every woman wants him. He has every red-blooded, heterosexual male's dream job. He's a porn star. He's the porn star. He has a giant cock and a giant ego. At least, that's the opinion of the woman who has decided that she has the worst job in the world, one MissBella Swan. "Swan! Get over here. 'The Package' is hangin' when he should be bangin'. He needs you to rub your beautiful boobies all over his balls so he can make some magic and bone some bitches!" he bellows at the dark haired beauty across the room. He stifles a grin as she rolls her eyes and walks over to him as slow as she possibly can. "Cullen, the day my tits come in contact with your testicles will be the day you'll need to visit me in Bellevue," she says with a sneer. "Oh, Swan," he laughs, "you know you love me." Bella grimaces and says, "You get my hand or you find some other moron to rub their boobs on your disease-ridden balls." "That'll never happen, Swan. 'The Package' already told you. You're the exclusive property of 'The Package' when you're on this set, and 'The Package' will use only his favorite re-animator when his package needs to be re-animated. And you know how you're supposed to address me, Bella ." Bella clears her throat and starts over, complete with finger quotes, "'The Package' is never going to put his testicles on my tatas. Now, can I get on with the hand job or do I need to start with the Taylor Swift song catalog to get my point across?" Edward frowns and asks, "What do you mean, the Taylor Swift song catalog?" Bella starts singing and Edward struggles not to laugh. "Youoooou will never, ever, ever put your balls on my boobs." He glares at her and gestures for her to get on with it, so she licks her palm and starts the arduous task of helping 'The Package' to deliver his package. As she strokes his cock—making sure to gently twist and squeeze the head at the end of the upstroke—just the way he likes it, he groans and bites his lip to keep himself from screaming his feelings for her, because she can never know. Bella storms into her apartment after the infuriating day she spent at work. Her evening is filled with pacing and screaming profanity-laced tirades about Edward 'The Package' Cullen. The amusement on the faces of her roommates, along with the fact that they are reciting everything she is saying right along with her, lets her know that she has said these same exact things about him before. Many. Times. Before . They know it by rote. Bella throws herself down on the sofa and pouts at her friends. "I can't do it anymore. I have to quit. Nothing is worth this torment." Alice, her best friend since third grade, sits down beside her and puts her arm around her shoulder while softly saying, "Oh, sweetie, you know you just want him to punish your pink taco with his purple-headed pork sword." Bella scowls at her tiny but annoying friend. "No, Ali, I really don't. He's insufferable. Do you know he insists that I refer to him as 'The Package' all the time? Do you also know that he refers to himself in the third person as 'The Package' all the time, as well?" Rosalie, her other roommate and best friend since the fourth grade, sits down on the floor at Bella's feet and very seriously says to her, "But, Bella, you know what they always say. One minute you hate his guts, the next minute he's up in your guts. Things change quick." Bella falls over and plants her face in the remaining unoccupied cushion and screams in frustration. Her friends collapse on her because they are laughing so hard they can't hold themselves upright any longer. Bella sits back up and sighs again. "He's so hot," she whines, "but every time he opens his mouth I want to shove a ball gag in it." Rose gasps and says, "Maybe you should! Just think about it. The next time he screams at you to get your ass over there and assault his anaconda, tell him you want to do it in his dressing room. When you get there, shove that gag in his mouth and mount up!" Alice squeals and laughingly says, "Do that! You know that's definitely an E-ticket ride! Don't you want to be able to say you conquered the cockmonster?" Bella giggles to herself. "No. But that's an idea that has some merit. I wonder how 'The Package' would react to having something shoved in his mouth for a change." The three girls snicker and, unbeknownst to her, start planning Bella's next day on the job. Edward steps into his apartment and turns on some quiet classical music. He goes to his kitchen, grabs a couple of beers—because he's too lazy to go back and get another one after he finishes the first—and drops down on the couch while guzzling the first beer. When his best friends, Jasper Whitlock and Emmett McCarty, get there, they each file into the kitchen, grab a beer and go sit with Edward. "So, what's going on with you tonight?" Emmett asks. "Nothing." "But why are you sitting here drinking with your depression music going?" Emmett asks. "No reason." Jasper raises an eyebrow and goes in for the kill. "You're sitting here in the dark, listening to 'depression music'—as Emmett calls it. You are thinking about Bella again, aren't you?" Edward looks over at Jasper. "What makes you say that?" Emmett and Jasper look at each other and laugh before Jasper tells him, "Because you're sitting here listening to your 'depression music' and drinking. Every time you finish a shoot where Bella is your 'fluffer' you do this." Emmett taunts Edward in a childish, baby voice, "Awww, widdle Eddie wikes widdle Bewwa but widdle Bewwa would wather kick him in the cwotch and spit on his neck than date him. Poor Eddie." Edward groans, "She hates me. How can I get her to not hate me?" Jasper laughs and says, "Well, not insisting that she refer to you as 'The Package' whenever she speaks to you might be a start." Edward snorts before speaking. "But that's my favorite part. You should see the anger that shows in her eyes when I remind her to call me 'The Package'—it's hilarious. I can't give that up. Today, she rolled her eyes so hard I thought they were going to drop out of her head." "Oh, I'm sure she's seen the inside of her own brain, by now," Jasper laughs. "Just be careful, Edward. You don't want her to have them get stuck that way," Emmett offers with a wink. "After I told her to come over and rub her tits on my balls she started singing some stupid Taylor Swift song to me. It was all I could do to not laugh at her." Astonished by what Edward just said, Jasper just looks at him for a moment before asking, "You actually told her to rub her tits on your balls ?" "It's getting harder and harder to piss her off. I sometimes have to go for shock value to get her angry. And combining something like that with making her call me 'The Package' all the time generally gets results." Emmett levels a look at Edward before saying, "You do realize that if you didn't piss her off, there would be a chance for her to like you, right? Thereby making the chances of her rubbing her tits on your balls a lot higher than they are right now. Tell me you get that." "But why would she want to date a porn star? She's too good for that," Edward whines. "Um, she regularly tugs your tallywacker, so I'd say she's okay with it. If she wasn't, she wouldn't work there and she definitely wouldn't work with you," Emmett responds. Edward gasps. His eyes open comically and his mouth drops open. "She's warm for 'The Package's form!" he all but shouts. "She wants 'The Package' to plow her promised land! She thinks 'The Package'–" "Dude. If you say 'The Package' one more time I'm going to rip your arm off and beat you to death with the bloody end of it," Emmett growls. "Wow. Okay. Aggressive much?" Edward responds. "I'll hold you down for him," Jasper tells him. "Okay, when I'm here, I'll try to stop. But work is a different story." He sighs and rubs his temple. Emmett punches Edward on the arm and tells him, "Bella digs you, man. If she doesn't, why is she still there? You've got nothing to worry about." Jasper takes up from where Emmett leaves off by saying, "I agree. I think Bella likes you, too. What if you guys work out and she asks you to stop working in porn? What will you do?" Edward laughs. "It's not like I think this will be my career forever, right? I'm taking money to fuck on camera. That's it. I don't want to direct or write scripts—at least, not for porn. But I'm putting a lot of money in the bank and investing it. When I'm finished fucking for money, I can travel and do whatever I want. Honestly, I could stop working right now and not ever have to work again if stay within my means. I have absolutely no problem quitting if that is a dealbreaker for Bella." Jasper stares at Edward for a moment, gauging his friend's sincerity. What he sees there convinces him that Edward is serious about Bella, so he tells him, "Look, Edward, what I'm about to tell you can't leave this room. You know the girl I'm dating?" Edward thinks about it for a second, and remembering that he's met her a couple of times, replies, "Alice, right? Sure, she's a great girl." "She's also Bella's roommate. I've met her a few times, but she doesn't know that I know you." "Why? Why don't I already know Alice is Bella's roommate?" "Honestly? I don't want you badgering Alice about her." Edward looks at Jasper and cocks an eyebrow. "You and Emmett just pointed out to me that while Bella would rather break my dick off and shove it up my ass sideways than speak a civil word to me, she may actually like me. Tell me, why on earth would I ever badger Alice about her, if up until this point in time, I've been thinking that she can't stand me?" "Maybe because once you get something in your head you become obsessed to the point where you won't let it go until everyone around you wants to rub you on a cheese grater and throw salt at you?" Emmett happily chimes in with, "Do you remember liking Janey from Volturi Virgins— gawd that's a cheesy name for a porn studio, by the way—and upon hearing she was into you, trying everything you could to get into one of their videos, sending her flowers and candy, and otherwise making it known you're a crazy, stalker-y fucker and she ended up getting a restraining order on you…" Emmett trails off when he sees the look Edward is giving him. "You're the one who told me to do that shit!" Edward yells. "How was I supposed to know she just wanted a ride on the Edward Cullen Express and didn't want a relationship?" Emmett gives Edward his