a/n: The siren song of a BDE was just too much to ignore, so I couldn't resist writing a little someting. Hopefully it's enough to whet your appetites, and to drag all you lurking dick lovers out of hiding. The deadline is looming, and there are so many amazing ways to go. Don't forget to check out the Facebook and Twitter, and when you're alone - Tumblr. Don't be shy, you guys. Don't be scared. We'll be right here for you. Take a deep breath. Relax. Write. For now, enjoy. X Author: MissWinkles Title: Around Midnight Summary: A sneaky little one shot for the BDE contest. Despite her best efforts, Bella finds herself inexplicably drawn to the very talented and very attractive man next door. One problem? He's the world's biggest dick. E/B. Romance/Humor. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Around Midnight "So your new neighbor is a dick?" "No!" I yell from the kitchen. "He's not just a dick, he's the biggest dick of them all." I grab two wine glasses and tuck the bottle of Pinot under my arm. "It's like all the dickheads in the world got together and voted him Leader of the Assholes." Esme rolls her eyes, holding a hand out for a glass. "He can't be that bad." Plopping onto the sofa beside her, I hand her the bottle of wine and an opener. "Oh no, he's worse. He's a pianist— " Esme giggles, but stops when I give her a look. "Sorry. That word makes me laugh." "He's a jazz piano player or something." "Ooh, sexy!" Her smile straightens out and she frowns seriously. "Sorry again. Shutting up." She hands me the bottle and I fill her glass before filling my own and taking a big gulp. "He comes and goes at all hours, stomping around over there like a herd of elephants, and always slams his door." "Boo." "He gets home at two o'clock in the morning and plays his music so loud that my goddamn teeth rattle." "Asshole!" "He's always out on his balcony smoking." "You still smoke though, right?" "That's not the point!" "No. Of course." "I'm pretty sure he steals my newspaper deliveries, and I've seen him in the hall with no less than three different women in three weeks." "Oh. So you've seen him? Is he cute?" "I…" I take another sip of wine, shrugging. "Yeah? I don't know. I guess. If you like that messy, musician-type of guy. Anyway, that's not the point. The point is he's a dick." "King Dick!" "President Dick!" Since my move, a month or so ago, Esme and I have begun a Friday night ritual of wine and pizza. My new apartment is closer to the place she shares with her husband, and since he spends his Friday night playing cards with his friends she's free to booze it up with me, giving me the perfect opportunity to vent about my horrible next door neighbor. "In all honesty, Bella, he doesn't sound that bad." I growl, clenching my fist. "He is! It's… I can't even explain it. It's… just… it's lots of little things. You'll see," I say, gesturing to the wall between my neighbor and I. "You'll see." Esme just shrugs. "Well, if he's the worst thing about this amazing apartment, then things could be worse." Looking around at my apartment, I can't help but agree. Dick in the apartment next door aside, I've stumbled into a dream. "I'll cheers to that," I say, setting into the sofa beside Esme. Talk of the guy next door ebbs into talk of work, and of her husband Carl, and to decorating ideas for my new place. Before we know it we're two bottles of wine and a cheese pizza down and it's past midnight. "Jesus," says Esme, glancing at her watch. "It's almost one. I'd better go." I nod, my eyes suddenly heavy with a week of work and two bottles of red wine behind me. I yawn, looking forward to curling up in bed and sleeping in late tomorrow. "You'll call me before you come over, right?" asks Esme as I see her out. "Yeah. Let me know if you need me to pick anything on the wa-oh my God." I drop my voice to a whisper. "Don't look now, but my asshole neighbor just got out of the elevator with another random girl." Esme straightens, and I can see her bursting out of her skin to look. Over her shoulder, I watch as my neighbor approaches. His white shirt is rolled up to his elbows, a black tie loose around his neck. He looks like a cliche from some 1920's romantic film. Tucked under his arm is beautiful girl number four. She's short, with long dark hair and doe-like eyes, and she smiles politely as her eyes catch mine. He looks up too, his green eyes find mine, and his arm drops from around her shoulder. "Evening," he says, nodding. We reply in kind and watch as the couple strut past before disappearing into his apartment. Esme shakes her head, looking a little dazed. "I should be so lucky to live next door to an asshole that looks like that." She sighs. "I wish I had your life." Rolling my eyes, I shove her gently. "Shut your mouth and go home to your husband." Once she's gone, I lock up, turn the lights off and snuggle down deep into my blankets. I'm teetering on the edge of sleep when the music next door starts. Tonight, it's slow and soulful. It sounds like a smoke-filled bar and whisky on the rocks. A warm, raspy voice croons over a piano, her words muffled through the wall. Bunching up my pillow, I shift a little closer, my back pressed against the plaster, the music washing over me. Before I know it I'm asleep, dreaming of smoky bars and slow dancing, a large warm hand on my lower back, a steady heartbeat under my ear. The next afternoon I'm standing in the kitchen, preparing dinner, when I hear the song from last night again, only this time I can hear the guy next door playing along on his piano. My knife and chopping discarded, I sneak quietly to my balcony, where the doors sit open to the late autumn afternoon. The piano soars around the music, veering from soft and melodic - barely there - to fierce and emotive. By the time he finishes that song, and the ones after, the sun has set and the city is dark, glittering before me. He turns the record player off and silence blankets the space between us. The next thing I hear is the bang of his front door as he leaves for the night, and then it's just me again. By seven-thirty on Wednesday night, after two days of meetings and conference calls, I'm slippered, fresh-faced, and wrapped in my favourite sweats and hoodie, reaching for the remote. By eleven, I've watched all the RuPaul Drag Race episodes I had recorded, and am doing all I can to keep my eyes open. I've just settled into bed with my alarm set for five AM, when I'm awoken by the sound of my front door rattling. My heart thumps wildly in my chest as I lie as still as I can, listening for the noise again. I listen. And listen. Nothing. I've almost convinced myself that I imagined it when I hear it again - the rattle of my front door handle. Adrenaline hits my veins and before I know it, I'm creeping down my hallway with a baseball bat in my hand. Shaking, I reach for the door handle just as something bumps loudly against the other side of the door. I jump back but tighten the grip on my bat as I step up to the peephole. "Are you kidding me?" I swing the door open, the bat resting against my shoulder. "What the fuck are you doing?" Bleary-eyed, my neighbor looks up from the set of keys in his hand. His brow furrows and he blinks slowly. "Is this...whad'ryou doing in my apartment?" "This is my apartment, dickhead." He blinks again before leaning back a little to look at the numbers on the wall beside the door. "Huh." He stumbles back a bit. "So it is." He looks back at me, green eyes glazed and unfocused. "Thanks," he says, and I roll my eyes, watching as he takes a wobbly step to the left and then to the right before he disappears down the hallway. I close the door but stay stuck to the spot behind it, listening. I hear his keys jingling, and the sound of him whistling something off-tune and silly, but I don't hear his door. A million images of him dying in the hallway flicker through my head as I bang it against the back of my door lightly. He'll die in a pool of his own vomit. He'll slip and crack that stupid head of his open and bleed to death. Worse - he'll fall asleep in the shower and flood the entire floor. Sighing, I open the front door and step back out into the hallway. He's still there, his keys in his hand, swaying gently as he looks for the right one. "Do you need help?" His head jerks my way, his hair falling over his eyes. He smiles lazily, shaking his head. "I'll be fiiiiine. Don-Don't worry 'bout me." Sighing, I step toward him. "How you doing with those keys there?" He looks down at the keys in his palm like they hold the blueprint to the life and then looks back up at me, swaying. "They all look the same." "Mind if I try?" He agrees, and I snag the keys from his hand and look through them for something that matches mine. He gestures to the front door, and I step in front of him. I try a few that look similar while he stands beside me, watching. "You know," he says, resting against the wall beside the door. "People have written some of the greatest jazz songs in the world about legs like yours." I snort. "I'll bet they have. A-ha!" Finally, the key turns in the lock and his front door opens. "A-ha!" he echoes, stumbling into his apartment. "Are you going to be okay?" I call after him. He waves me off, bumping into his benchtop as he stumbles around his kitchen. I want to go back to bed so badly my eyes are burning, but this daughter of a cop can't let a horribly inebriated man fall asleep in a pool of his own vomit. "I'm coming in, okay?" I call out. "And I'm bringing the bat. So don't get any ideas." I step tentatively through the doorway and into the apartment where my neighbor now shuffles around, looking wobbly. "Holy shit. Your place is so… nice." Its layout is the same as mine - small kitchen and living area, bedroom and bathroom to the right. But whereas mine is sparse and tidy, his is a crazy mix of old music posters, instruments and handmade furniture. He flops down onto a vintage-looking sofa, legs hanging over the edge, head propped up at an awkward angle, his large feet flailing as he tries to kick off his shoes. Shelves upon shelves of records line the wall beside me. They're crammed into the space beneath his coffee table too, and in crates against the opposite wall-everywhere. It's insane but also really cool. I want to flip through them and see what he has. To smell the cardboard and feel the vinyl under my fingers. Somehow though, I don't think he'd be the kind of guy to let strangers rummage through his vinyl collection. "Are these-oh shit." I grab his foot, giving it a wiggle in an attempt to