Title: Baby You're no Good Summary: Ed wasn't just rough 'around' the edges. He was 'all' rough edges inside and out. And after one night, me and the sexiest jerk alive were linked together forever. Pairing: Edward/ Bella Rating: M Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Baby You're no Good "Wait for me!" I panicked, hoping my impatient roommates didn't leave me. I rushed into the living room, while yanking on my shorts, only to stop when I saw Rosalie, one of my best friends and most impatient roommate of us all, chilling on the couch with her legs propped up on the coffee table. "Relax, Bella," she drawled. "No one's leaving you." "I heard the door opening and closing." "It was just Tanya and Brady." "They're coming to the barbeque?" I both perked up and internally deflated. I hadn't seen Tanya—Rosalie's twin sister—in a few weeks since she moved in with her new boyfriend. While I missed her like crazy, her four-year-old son coming along meant this would be a PG friendly night. This didn't sound at all enticing. Rosalie shook her head, not looking up from her phone. "She didn't tell baby daddy where she moved yet. So he's picking Brady up from here." Not touching that one. "Where's Alice?" I asked of our other roommate. Rosalie huffed. "Hopefully changing into human skin." Ah. That meant she was on bitch mode. Super. "Let's get this the fuck over with." Alice came out of her room a few minutes later with puffy, red eyes as if she'd been crying, or smoking, or both. Rosalie and I looked at each other, pursed our lips, and then looked away. Where Rose was the most impatient, none of us could out crazy Alice, and we knew better than to fuck with her when she was in a mood. "Where's the vodka?" Alice asked, and Rose and I nearly tripped over ourselves, and each other, to help her find the bottle. It would have been comical if we weren't legitimately a little frightened of her. "Want some?" Alice offered after she'd taken several swigs herself. I reached passed Rosalie for the bottle only for her to freak out and snatch it out of my hands. "Eww, mono!" She hugged the large bottle of Cîroc to her chest. "Stop calling it that. I had strep." "Allegedly," she mumbled, taking a step back. " And I finished my antibiotics, like, three days ago." "That doesn't mean you're not contagious." "That's exactly what it means, actually." "I don't have time for this." Alice grabbed the bottle from Rosalie. "This is mine now, you guys can drink when we get there." Properly chastised, Rosalie and I followed behind Alice silently, purposely bumping into each other on the way out. We were on our way to yet another party at Alice's boyfriend, Jasper, house. He was ten years older than us and a complete piece of shit on paper. As were we. But, he treated her like gold and us like little sisters. The guys he rolled with always respected us. That's all that mattered. Jasper didn't live that far away from us, but it was still a decent drive away because of how the roads connected, so for a good twenty minutes nothing but silence accompanied us in the car as Alice drove and Rose and I texted back and forth about who should ask her what's wrong. Neither one of us won the battle. When we got to the party, Alice immediately pulled Jasper to another room, where for the first five minutes we listened to her screaming about his ex who contacted her on Facebook. The arguing didn't bother me, but the when the moaning started we all decided to stop loitering inside. Rosalie jumped in the pool first. As more people trickled in, I wandered toward the shallow end and dunked my feet. Mostly, though, I kept a lookout toward the door to see everyone coming in and out. "Where's your cousin?" I asked Jasper trying my best to play it cool. Alistair had been the cause of my strep throat crisis from last week, but he was so damn hot I couldn't hold a grudge. I had, after all, willingly stuck my tongue down his throat knowing he was sick. "He should be on his way." Jasper took a sip of his drink. "But be warned, he asked me if he could bring someone. So, if he does, don't start shit." "You should know me better than that." Nearly an hour passed before Alistair showed up, and sure enough he wasn't alone. Bummer. "Who's big tits?" Rosalie openly pointed in their direction. I shrugged, taking my own slow slip of punch, and giggled at the irony of Rosalie calling out anyone for the size of their tits. "His date I guess." "I wonder if she knows he was just finger blasting you two weeks ago. Wanna go ask her?" "Rose stop," I laughed. Now, I would never start drama over something so petty, but Rosalie was a bona fide troublemaker. Her slick mouth has gotten us all into random fights over the years. "What, I'm just curious—whoa! Screw big tits who are they?" I turned and saw that the ' they' she referred to were two new faces of two hot guys. Both tall, both with broad shoulders, and both looking very out of place in riding jackets while the rest of us were in bathing suits or a generic form of one. We watched as Jasper approached them and slapped hands with the one with black hair. Even from here his dimples were apparent. The red head next to him merely nodded his head at Jasper, and I frowned a little because I could see the tense set of his jaw. That did not take anything away from how hot either one of them were though. "No seriously," Rosalie said. "Who are they?" I shook my head. "I don't know." But I was sure about to find out. For the next hour or so, they mostly kept to themselves. I know because I watched them like the horny savage I was. Meanwhile, so did everyone else. I tried to be discreet, but several of the other girls—and guys—openly lurked and gawked in their direction. Sighing at my lameness and uncharacteristic hesitation, I was just about to step toward them and introduce myself when Alistair stepped into my path. "Hey, Bella." He smiled. Funny, two weeks ago I melted at those big blue eyes, long blonde hair, and that smile. Two hours ago I'd been waiting around for that smile. Now, all I wanted was to tell him and that smile to go fuck itself. "What do you want, Alistair?" "Ouch." "I'm sorry. Did that hurt your one feeling?" He took a sip of his drink and ran his index finger down the length of my arm. "Brrr… What's with all the ice?" "What's with big tits?" I bit back, channeling pent up and unnecessary jealousy and anger. "Who, Senna? She's just a friend." I nodded, not buying it and immediately no longer giving a fuck either. "Cool." "So, what are you doing after this?" he asked, voice hushed and almost seductive. Almost. "Going home with him." I pointed over my shoulder, nearly squeaking when I noticed Big Red—as I'd dubbed him in my head—looking this way. Alistair turned to look and as he did, they both locked eyes. From here, I could see Big Red's eyebrow cocked almost as if to say 'what the fuck do you guys want?' Shit. I grabbed Alistair's face and forced him to look away from that general direction. I didn't need to be starting shit at Jasper's party. I would leave that to Rosalie. "You sure move on fast don't you?" Alistair sneered at me. I shrugged, unaffected. "Ditto." "Everything okay?" Rosalie stepped in between us. "Alistair was just leaving me alone," I answered her and grabbed the drink from her hand. This time she didn't even open her mouth to make a wisecrack about me being sick. As soon as he walked away, Big Red stood and started making his way over to Alistair. My heart dropped. "Oh no." "What? What?" Rosalie whipped her head around. Unable to answer, I watched on with wide eyes and a heavy beating heart. Jasper's friends were, to put it nicely: rowdy. I've seen something as simple as a dirty look start an all-out brawl and lord Jesus I hoped this wasn't going to be the case right now. Thankfully, Alistair veered in the other direction and straight in the path of his new "friend" Senna, avoiding the path to an ass whooping. As the sun started setting, the barbeque eventually took on a different—more cozy and intimate—vibe, but it didn't give me the push I needed to make my way over to my target for the night. "How long are you going to stare at him?" Alice, who I hadn't seen much of at all, bumped me with her hips. She barely nudged me, but I still yelled and threw myself a few feet away because we're all dramatic as shit. "Is it that obvious?" I grabbed her drink from her hand. "Baby, come here," she called over to Jasper who immediately appeared at her side and towered over the both of us. Kissing the side of her head, he slung his arm over each one of our shoulders. "What's up, ladies?" "Introduce Bella to McCarty and his friend." "Both of them?" Jasper asked. That's another thing I loved about Jasper: he never judged us. I shook my head as both he and Alice waited for an answer. "The redhead mostly." Turns out, Big Red's real name is Edward though he prefers just "Ed." And the little bit I was able to make of him while gawking from a distance was nothing compared to when I got to stare up at him up close. His hair looked less red as the sun began to set and more of a light brown with red undertones. His eyes were kind of green but also a little grey. Basically, at twilight—when the day and the night take a moment to converge—Ed could look like two different people depending on the angle at which you stared at him. "You smoke?" he asked, pulling a blunt from his pocket, and me out of my thoughts. We'd been talking for a little bit, but about a whole lot of nothing. And pathetically, this was the first outright question he'd asked me. Standoffish didn't begin to cover him. I shrugged, answering his question. "Not really." Ed sparked his lighter and I sat back and watched as his lips wrapped around the rolled up paper as he took in a pull. A few seconds later, he exhaled a small could of smoke both from his lips and his nose. "What does 'not really' mean?" His voice sounded hoarse. "It means … not really," I said slowly, confused. "That's not a real answer. Either you smoke or you don't." "I smoke but only once in a blue moon." Smirking, he looked up at the sky. "And tonight?" "Not tonight." He nodded, taking another pull before nodding to something behind me. I turned noticing McCarty looking away. Rosalie was hovering near him, and for a second our eyes connected and she winked. "Is your friend single?" I asked. Ed pursed his lips and cocked an eyebrow. "Why, you interested?" As harsh as the words sounded from his lips, I could hear the undertone as well. I wasn't going to play the type of game to fuck with his emotions. "Not me but my friend is." "We know." He nodded. "It'll be handled." I smiled, pulling the joint from his hand and taking my own slow pull after all. "Good." Laughter, music, smoke, and the smell of booze filled