Author: Highlanderprincess Title: The Graduate Summary: Bella, an unhappy housewife in her late twenties, meets the man of her dreams. Too bad he is her friend's son, who has just returned home from college. Edward is as sexy as he is untouchable. Will Bella be able to stay away? Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Bella POV: He's so close, yet, so far away. I know I shouldn't want him, but that doesn't stop me from picturing him in my bed. When James touches me, I close my eyes and think of the boy next door. I imagine his mouth on me, touching me in ways I have never been touched by my husband. I would feel bad about these thoughts, if I wasn't trapped in a loveless marriage. I married too young, and by the time I realized who James truly was, it was far too late. Inside my own head, is the only place I feel safe. The only place I can truly be myself. Because of this, I spend most of my day daydreaming. I have an overactive imagination, and my mind will skip from one thing to the next. James wanted me to be his 'stay-at-home wife,' and being young and naive back then, I agreed to all his terms without a thought of my own happiness. I had dreams for myself, but James said, that 'knowing me,' if I pursued them they would be squandered. So I played it safe, and have been a good wife to him. As good a wife as one could be, to a quick-tempered husband with little empathy. He loves me when it is easy to, that is, if he actually loves me at all. If anything, he loves when I obey him. It's hot in late June, and no amount of iced tea or slices of watermelon can make it sufferable. Nonetheless, I read outside, knowing it will give me the perfect view of my neighbor. I know that it is frowned upon to spy on people, but it is hard to help considering the neighbor I have. He has just returned from his last semester of college, and has moved back into his parent's house. Esme, his mother, is wonderful. She is a good bit older than me, but we get together from time to time when our husbands are away. Speaking of which, James left for a conference last night, and won't return for two weeks. Esme has invited me over for lunch tomorrow, and without James here to tell me to stay home, I can finally accept her invitation. I made the mistake of disobeying his orders once...a mistake I will not soon make again. I shake the memory from my head and focus on more pleasant diversions, such as, Edward, mowing his mother's lawn across the way. Now I am thankful for the heat, giving him a reason to strip out of his shirt, allowing me a view of his sweaty skin and ripped physique. I bite my lip, to keep from crying out. He is gorgeous, Adonis in the flesh. Would it be out of line to invite him over for a cup of iced tea? I am his mother's friend after all… I fix my white cotton dress, making sure it displays the most modest amount of cleavage, and wipe the sweat from my brow before crossing my lawn to his. I can't believe I'm doing this! I cannot believe I am doing this! Bella! Stop this right now! "Hey, Edward. Congrats on your graduation." That went smoother than I imagined. Okay, you've had your fun, now, turn around, and walk away! "Hey, Bella! Yeah, it's no big deal really. I still have years of grad school ahead of me," he laughs, leaving me to dumbly stare at him, completely mesmerized. "I just came over to see if you wanted a drink?" As if you don't have a fridge right inside your house… "I made iced tea?" Edward looks at me for a moment, before giving me one of his signature crooked grins. "Sure, let me just get to a stopping point." With a confident smile in his direction, I turn around and head back to my spot on the porch. What do you plan on doing now Bella? Seduce your friend's son? I silence my inner monologue and push any negative feelings aside. I'm not doing anything wrong, a glass of tea with a neighbor isn't exactly a crime, and it's not as if I can act on any of my desires. I'm happy to see that Edward hasn't put his shirt back on, as he makes his way across his yard to mine. He is the epitome of every fantasy I've ever had. Toned muscles, strong facial features, and a tall stature. If only he could have a bit of a gut, or bad teeth, then I might find resisting temptation a bit easier. However, there isn't a single blemish on his body. I should know, considering how close I have been looking. "Thanks for the drink, Bella," Edward says as he sits down on the chair across from mine. Before I can stop myself, I lick my lips. God, how mortifying. Edward doesn't seem to notice the way I look at him. I can't decide whether I'm thankful, or utterly disappointed by this fact. I know he must not see me the way that I see him. If he looked at me with eyes filled with lust, I would notice in an instant. I have dreamt of that look for so long. "Mom says you're coming over tomorrow," Edward says conversationally, taking a sip of his tea. "Yeah, she's a wonderful woman, your mother." We fall into easy conversation, as if we were old friends. Edward is different from my husband in every way; he is considerate, empathetic, and mature beyond his years. I admire more than his good looks, I admire him as a person. Although we barely know each other, I feel more connected to him than I do anyone. Later that night, I allow myself to think of him. I'm completely unabashed as I imagine Edward in bed next to me. Just the thought of his hands on me has me so incredibly wet. I imagine his youthful and enthusiastic hands on the curves of my naked body. I let my hand travel down my body, until it settles between my naked legs. Am I really doing this? I allow one finger to dip inside my wet core, while the other begins to play with my clit. Closing my eyes, I imagine that I am lying in the green summer grass, naked and blissful. Edward is coming toward me, with a sweaty body clad only in jeans, and a wolfish grin. His eyes appraise my body and he rewards me with an appreciative grin. " Fuck, Bella," he says as he stares, mesmerized by my body. He joins me on the grass, and I allow my eyes a moment to trail down his body. I smile as I see a throbbing bulge, desperately seeking an escape. With a coy smile in his direction, I reach down to touch it, enjoying how warm and pulsing it feels against the palm of my hand. " Fuck, baby," he moans, closing his eyes and allowing his head to fall back in ecstasy. His eyes are wild when he opens them again. Without asking for permission, he drops his mouth to my breasts, suckling one nipple before he moves to pay equal attention to the other. My pussy is throbbing and I'm like putty in his strong arms. He licks and sucks my breasts until they are deliciously sore, before kissing his way down my body, until he finally takes up residence between my legs. He gives me one good lick, before his fingers find me and his tongue begins to circle my clit. I'm in heaven and I never want to come back down to earth. It doesn't take me long before I'm orgasming in his mouth, my body arching off the ground like a shameless hussy. Edward smiles up at me with wet lips, and crawls up my body until he is settled between my legs. " I want to be inside of you Bella." I open my eyes to my dark bedroom and bask in what I have done. I drag my drenched fingers up my body and can't help but feel horrified, yet, so incredibly satisfied at the same time. I had just masturbated to thoughts of my friend's son! I shouldn't feel ashamed, it's perfectly natural of me. If anything, I think I deserve a few good orgasms every now and again. I'm almost thirty years old and I have not once come on a cock. Of course, I fake it with James, but never could I find my orgasm through penetration alone. I'm sure it would be different with Edward. I'm sure I could come on his cock. I know I shouldn't be thinking that way. I am utterly embarrassed the next day at lunch. You know those moments where you know something that someone else does not, and if that person knew the information you would happily bury yourself into your own grave? This is one of those moments. "Can you believe my son has graduated? And going to law school too! I can't believe he has gotten so old," Esme teases, and Edward, who is sitting with us at the kitchen table is practically blushing at his mom's comments. "It's extraordinary," I comment, giving Edward a reassuring smile. "What sort of law do you want to get into?" I ask, although I know little about it. "I want to be a district attorney," Edward answers with certainty. I wish I had been certain about something regarding my future at such a young an age. I was too busy being wrapped up in James to think about a career or even a life outside my relationship. I envy him and his sense of direction. He has a good head on his handsome shoulders. I feel a bit bad knowing that I got off on the thought of him. No, I don't, but it is the thought that counts I guess? My conscious is never quiet it seems. After our lunch, I find that I like Edward even more. Although spending time with him and his mother, have made me feel guilty about my feelings toward him. I wonder if Esme would approve? I highly doubt it, regardless of how much she likes me as her friend. What does it matter anyway? When James returns any hopes for another future will be long gone. While this thought is a sad one, it also inspires me to take advantage of this week while I can. I'll live my life without worry, and not fear for the future or the repercussions that may come. Edward and I have grown close. Over the past few days we have become friends. I've talked to him about my past, my present, and my hopes for my future. He doesn't seem to mind that I am a bit older, and prefers hanging around me than his friends from school. It's probably because he has grown bored of it, I could understand that, I can't imagine why else he would spend his free time with his older, married neighbor. As time ticks on, I know my husband will be returning soon. I only have a day or two of freedom left before I must return to my old life. Edward seems to sense my despair, and I wonder what he thinks about my situation. I wonder if people know what is going on with my husband and I. "Let's do something fun today," I suggest, as Edward and I lounge on my front porch. I want to go