Author MeteorOnAMoonlessNight Title The Cullen Eggplant Summary Lube it up, buttercup. Pairing Edward/Bella Rating M~ Romance/Humor Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. CE The Cullen Eggplant is legendary at UDub. Every Cullen man, every single one of them , is well hung. They all paved their way through college in some form or another by utilizing the many euphemisms for a big dick. Eggplant was coined by one Edward Cullen, when he started posting pictures of his bulge on social media with the hashtag #ECullenEggplant. Under gray sweatpants, under his athletic shorts, and with nothing but a towel hanging off of it like it was a towel hook. Or a meat hook, as the case may be. I used to drool over those posts of him and his magnificent appendage when I was a freshman. Then in my sophomore year I decided he was as big a dick as the one residing in his pants. In my junior year, I discovered I was wrong about that. Oh, he could be a dick if he wanted, and I'd witnessed that personality in action more than once. What I hadn't seen in action yet, and desperately wanted to, was his third leg. "What if I'm like that meme with the hamster and the banana, Alice? It could be a total disaster," I lamented to my best friend over coffee. "I don't know, B. I've never had a cock that big in my mouth, thanks for reminding me." Alice rolled her eyes at me as I stressed over my impending date to be up close and personal with the legendary Cullen eggplant. I'd been dating Edward 'The Eggplant' Cullen for three months, and we'd done plenty of heavy groping and making out fully clothed. I'd humped his elephant trunk to a fantastic orgasm, and he'd wound up with a giant wet spot on his jeans. But we were officially going to do the horizontal tango tonight. I was going to ride the pony… well, maybe not. I was stressed over not having the ability to take that anaconda completely inside my tender pink taco. I'm not a virgin, thanks to my two-pump high school boyfriend, but this was a completely different fantastic beast. Edward had warned me more than once that despite girls thinking his giant cock was the best thing about him, it was actually difficult to have a physical relationship with just anyone. Girls ran screaming after being face to face with the battering ram between his legs. He'd never had a decent blow job, never been balls-deep. The poor bastard. And, and, he had to order his protection from a company that specialized in giant condoms. We'd discussed protection thoroughly and decided he could go bareback, considering how long it had been since my last encounter, and that he'd been tested since his last girlfriend. I had to admit to being relieved at not having to deploy a parachute in order to have sex. "You have to ask his brother out. There's a reason #JCullenEggplant is a thing, baby girl." "But then I can't complain to you that my boyfriend's monster is too big, because you'll officially know what it feels like to choke on one." She grinned, the obnoxious bitch. "Wow, Alice. Just wow." "I'm here for you. Just remember there's no shame in tapping out when he hits your spleen with his ween." "For fuck's sake," I muttered. "That's what she said! Call me later, when he's stretched your supermassive black hole until it looks like you're throwing a hotdog down a hallway." "I hate you!" I replied as she ran off, even though I was laughing. My cervix ached at the idea of who was coming. Uh, what was coming. Going to happen. Whatever . I let myself into my dorm room, relieved that my roomie wasn't home at the moment. As much as I adored Rosalie, she had zero sympathy for my situation. She was, after all, dating #EmCullenEggplant, whose dick was the size of a fully inflated fire hose. She had only laughed at my trepidation, long and loudly, telling me to bring extra lube and not to be a crybaby. I didn't want to know what kinds of things she and Emmett did on every surface in our dorm room, as long as they cleaned up after themselves. I showered, scrubbing every inch of my body with a sugar scrub, marvelling at the lack of hair since I'd been forced into a waxing by Alice. I had to admit it was a good idea, but it had hurt like hell and now I constantly felt a draft. I wasn't sure I'd ever do it again, but it would be a nice surprise for our first time. I washed my hair twice, knowing how much Edward loved the smell of my shampoo, and then took great care to dry it with a round brush when I got out. I wanted everything to be perfect for tonight. I slipped on my dress and at the last minute I decided to go commando, opting only to wear the garter belt and thigh highs I'd picked up at the slutty lingerie store. I skipped my usual lip gloss and just ran some plain chapstick over my lips, thinking that I was clever to have thought of everything. My supremely tall heels came last, and I glanced in the mirror one last time before I left. I looked like me, only well groomed. I was so nervous. I reminded myself as I pulled into Edward's complex that he was the same guy he always was. Just because he should be the headliner for Thunder From Down Under didn't mean he'd be anything less than a completely thoughtful, loving companion. Who the hell was I kidding? I secretly wanted him to throw me on his bed and pound into me without warning. I was just worried that we'd end up calling an ambulance if he did. When the door opened, I had to brace a hand on the wall and fan myself. My boyfriend is so fucking hot . Edward is on the soccer team, the swim team, and runs track. His arms are thick with muscle, his shoulders broad and tapering to a slim waist. I wanted to see the abs, the definition I knew lurked under his polo shirt. His hair was always messy from running his hands into it, bronze and shiny from his mom's side of their family. His green eyes pierced mine, and I wondered if we could skip dinner. "Bella," Edward greeted me, relief in his voice. "Were you afraid I wouldn't come?" I asked breathlessly. He stepped aside, holding the door wide, and I went in. "Sort of," he answered my question. "But no worries, I'm sure you'll come." "Ha. Ha." He turned to face me again, and my eyes wandered down to his pants, and the bulge held within. It was outlined as it hardened, taking on a shape reminiscent of a water bottle. I bit my lip, looking up into Edward's face as he watched me openly ogling his dick. I mean, who wouldn't? "Ah, dinner first?" I asked. "Hmm." Edward swaggered toward me, there was really no other word for it, and his head dipped to meet mine as he kissed me. It was long and slow, my knees trying to give out somewhere in the middle of it. "What was the question?" I squeaked. "I dunno, but you asked it." I flushed. "Oh. Right." "Are you hungry?" Edward murmured near my ear. "Fuck no." His teeth latched to my earlobe, and I whimpered. With his hands at my waist, I jumped and wrapped my legs around him, laughing when he staggered at my unplanned move. "Bedroom?" he grunted. I nodded against him, kissing his jaw and over to his ear. "I want you so much." "Words I've been longing to hear." Edward made his way into his bedroom, and I thanked all the gods that Rose convinced Emmett to stay with her in our dorm tonight. I couldn't get sexy with Edward if I knew his brother was in the next room listening. Edward bumped me into the wall, and I slid my legs down to make a grab for his shirt. I bit my lip when I got a good look at the muscles that defined his abdomen, and especially those that ran in a formation that I liked to think were pointed directly at the goods. I pulled him closer by his waistband, working on the button and zipper while he leaned in again to assault my throat with his full lips. I got my hands wrapped around the finish-line prize and stroked the best I could under his pants. His head dropped back, his throat working as he swallowed convulsively. When Edward straightened and gave me this look , I knew he had something on his mind. He picked me up by my waist and settled me on his bed, his hands moving up my stocking clad legs. His hands slid up, up, up, dragging my dress to my hips slowly as I squirmed under his lustful gaze. My knees bent of their own accord as his fingertips grazed my garters and then reached the area where my panties should have been. "Oh, Bella. Such a naughty girl," he crooned in that low voice of his. It did insane things to my insides to hear it, especially combined with the knowledge that my lady-scaping was on display. I felt Edward's breath on the skin of my inner thighs searing me like a branding iron. My legs twitched, my muscles spasmed, and I thought there was a good possibility I'd come from that contact alone. But when he licked my bare and very sensitive pussy, my body bowed up off his mattress and my heeled feet tried to find purchase on his shoulders. I desperately clutched at the bedspread as his wicked tongue worked me over, crying out and practically launching off the bed when he sucked my clit into his mouth. Jesus, I'd never had sex this hot before and we were just getting started. I think I screamed, but I was mostly incoherent by then. Edward chuckled, placing small, biting kisses on my thighs before moving up to prop himself on top of me. "Now I know you're a loud one," he told me as he dipped his head to the top of my dress. I ran my hands over his back, realizing that rather than feeling sated, I felt the need to be full . "Edward, please. Take off your pants." He was off the bed in a flash, his face happy and his grin wide. I sat up and peeled my dress over my head, watching his pupils dilate and the black nearly obscure the green. After flinging it in the corner, I watched as he lowered his waistband an inch at a time. I first caught sight of the top of his briefs, the band embroidered with the name Saxx. He lowered his pants further, and I know my eyes widened at the sight of the bulge he almost revealed. He dropped his pants, and I stared at his underwear; long in the leg, electric blue, and holding the biggest goddamn dick ever . The fucking thing had it's own pouch to hold it in place. Maybe he could register it for a zip code. "Please tell me you're going to take those off now," I said in what I hoped was my sexy voice. On the inside, I was clapping in giddiness. Edward grinned again. "If you insist." I watched as the uncertainty settled on his face, and I tried really hard to school my features so that he saw no reaction to the great unveiling. I bit my lip, hard, but I gasped regardless. He pulled his waistband outward first,