FADE TO BLACK Author: araeo Title: Fade to Black Summary: The real reason Edward wanted to wait until the honeymoon. You can't outrun the monster when you're trapped on Isle Esme. Pairing: Edward / Bella Rating: M (Romance / Humor) Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. FADE TO BLACK I will break him. Each time Edward turned me down I called upon that mantra. I thought I had him the night we got engaged. He had me pressed into the mattress, my leg hitched over his hip. I could feel how much he wanted me. Boy, did he want me — a lot . But, as soon as I tried to take off some clothes, he decided to pull out that superhuman… self-control of his and ruined my night. Except for the proposal. That was great. Of course, I said yes, but… I simply didn't get why we had to wait. I wasn't going anywhere, but I wasn't getting any younger, either. He definitely wasn't getting any older, so why not test the waters. Go out for a test drive or fifty. Maybe play a game of Just the Tip. Thus began my mission to steal Edward's virtue. One night, before he was due to climb in through my window, I tried to get my blood flowing with a little exercise. I did a few squats. Some jumping jacks. Just enough to get my "glow" on. Work that "I don't sweat, I sparkle" vibe. I figured it would amp up that humanallure he's always talked about, the "bouquet" he claims to love. It was a good plan, in theory. But instead of finding me sexy, Edward thought I was sick. "What have you been doing, Bella? You're so flushed. You look tired. Maybe you should have a rest." He curled an arm around my back and drew me close, trying to check me for a fever. The back of his hand was cool on my heated skin, and of course, I loved being in his arms, as always, but it did nothing to erase the sour taste his words evoked. No one, especially no woman, appreciated being told she looked "tired." That was the end of my exercise plan. Next, I went the lingerie route, which didn't even make it off the ground. For one, Edward never really let me get any clothes off; also, lingerie was hard to find in Forks, unless you were looking for L'eggs pantyhose or a Playtex Cross Your Heart bra. Neither exactly lent themselves to seduction. Driving to Port Angeles was a no-go, since my old truck was on its last legs and could hardly make it out to the Cullens'. I even did the unthinkable and begged Alice to take me shopping, but she merely shook her head, amused, and said it was a bad idea. Too many "uncertainties" in her vision. She must've seen something awful for her to turn down an opportunity to drag me off for retail therapy, as she called it. I call it the seventh circle of hell . It was also possible she was in Edward's pocket. Damn vampires were always in collusion. Once, I planned to wait in my room for him, completely naked. According to my sound logic, he couldn't possibly turn me down once he saw the goods. It might've worked, but Edward was late that night, and Charlie came home early. Dad caught me on the stairs, wrapped in Granny Swan's scratchy crocheted quilt. Had I mentioned Granny Swan was truly horrible at crochet? The quilt was riddled with odd-shaped holes. I thought it would entice Edward — naked Bella plus something ancient and (bonus!) revealing, and I couldn't lose. Surely, they did a lot of crochet back in the early 1900s, I reasoned. What else was there to do? There wasn't much sex going on, considering Edward's ridiculous desire to preserve our virtue. After enough awkwardness to fill the Grand Canyon, I convinced Dad we were out of clean towels upstairs, and I had to run down to grab the first thing I could find. Not only did I completely humiliate myself, I also earned an unnecessary round of towel laundry. Nailed it, Bella. Nailed. It. To top it off, Edward was waiting for me when I finally managed to escape the awkwardness in the living room. Back braced against my headboard, legs crossed at the ankle; he looked like sex on a stick stretched out on my bed. I was ready to mount him then and there, humiliation forgotten… until he opened his mouth. "I saw plenty of towels in the linen closet, love." He smirked, chuckling. Pointing at my toga full of holes, he offered, "Your crocheting needs some work. I believe Alice might be able to help." Collusion, I tell you. Those two were always working against me. In retaliation, I dropped the quilt. His eyes went black as his gaze raked me up and down. A soft growl rumbled in his chest, which made me nervous and turned me on all at once. The tip of his tongue slid over his bottom lip, and he sat up straight, away from the headboard. I have you now , I sang inside my head. One slow step, then another, until my knees hit the bed. I set one knee on the mattress and watched as his hands dug into my comforter, as if to anchor himself in place. His eyes shut tight, but popped right back open, as if he couldn't control them. Those dark eyes couldn't decide where to land, bouncing between my breasts and the place that so desperately wished to make his acquaintance. "Bella." He shook his head. "You're." He swallowed nervously. "So beautiful." I set my other knee on the bed and began to crawl up to him. Edward leaned toward me… closer… closer… a little more … Then, he leaped out the window. "Son of a bitch!" I cursed, scowling out into the night. I wanted to yell, "I'll get you, my pretty!" but held it back. Barely. "Bella! What was that?" Charlie called from downstairs. "Nothing, Dad! Stubbed my toe." My pride, more like it. Those were a few of my many harebrained schemes. All of which had the same result: I was shot down. Every damn time. All in the name of honor. Virtue. Doing things the "right" way. Leaving that one (antiquated) rule unbroken. He calls it respect. I call it frustrating. In spite of my frustration, I admit there's something admirable about his old-school tendencies. They leave no doubt he respects me, loves me, and places my well-being above all else. He's the love of my life, and I know I am his. But, I'm also full of hormones—and their favorite singer is Marvin Gaye, if you know what I mean. That brings us to tonight. Today marks two weeks until the wedding, and if Alice has anything to say about it, Edward and I will be lucky to have an hour to ourselves until I walk down that aisle. What better way to make up for that separation than an evening of passion? A consummation of our impossible, inevitable love? There's a good chance I'll fail, but I take consolation in the fact that whether it's tonight, or two weeks from tonight, it's going tohappen. I know it will be amazing either way. However, victory will make it that much sweeter. I've set the scene perfectly. It's midsummer in our meadow; the tall grass is lush and green, dotted with lavender flowers. The sun sinks into the horizon, peeking through the gaps in trees to paint the clearing in washes of pink and orange. Soft music plays from a Bluetooth speaker tucked behind my backpack. No, it's not Marvin Gaye. A quick check of the time has my blood humming with nerves. He'll be here any minute. Carefully, I place an open book face down nearby. Then I shake my hair out of its ponytail and strip out of my shirt, smearing a bit of sunscreen on my shoulders. This has to look legit. Kicking off my shoes, I settle on my belly into the blanket, and try to appear as if I've been here a while, reading and enjoying the too rare sun. I rest my cheek atop my folded arms and sigh, enjoying the sun's last rays on my back. My bare back. There's no way this won't work. I've seen the way he looks at me, when he thinks I'm not watching. News flash, Edward: I'm ALWAYS watching. Like Sting. He finally approaches, his vampire feet slicing through the grass in an effort not to startle me. "Bella?" I play possum, as if I'm trying to win an Oscar, hoping he'll think my racing heart is due to a dream. "Bella," he sings softly, settling next to me, resting a cool hand on my back. It slides down then back up, pushing my loose hair aside. His hand freezes the moment he notices the lack of bra. He hisses a breath, but doesn't move — just flattens his palm on my back. His thumb twitches, then strokes, back and forth. I wait. Like a Venus flytrap. Then, I bring out the big guns. "Edward." I sigh, with what I hope is just enough sexiness to sell it as unconscious need. Edward moves his palm higher, pushing my hair completely out of the way and baring the length of my back. Slowly, he spreads his fingers wide and proceeds to cover every inch of naked skin. The faint dimples low on my back. The line of my spine. Over my ribs. Across my shoulder blades. Oh, Edward. You're such a creeper, touching me while you think I'm asleep. It's actually not that hot, except that it somehow is. We're both deviants. His thumb drifts dangerously close to the side swell of my breast and stays there. Goosebumps pebble my skin, and I barely hold in a moan. Don't blow it. Venus flytrap, Bella. "If you only knew how much I want you," he whispers. "I wish… I don't want to hurt you. I'm not sure how much you can take. You're so fragile." I clench my teeth at one of his more frequent arguments. I get it — he's strong. Of course, he is; he's not human! I also trust him with my life, and I know he'll never hurt me. His thumb moves, full-on sweeping over the side boob. I sigh in delight and breathe his name again, praying he'll attribute it to an awesome dream. He lifts his hand away, but replaces it with a single finger, dragging down my side, then back up… Right into my armpit. He doesn't even bother to conceal his laughter as he tries to make me pee my pants. My answering squeal probably sends birds clamoring from the trees. I roll over and sit up, pushing at his arm, trying to catch my breath. I smack lightly at his hands, ignoring the sting. "How did you know?" He doesn't answer. When I finally blink the tickle tears from my eyes, I find him mesmerized. Predatory, black eyes pin me down, making me stay just as still as he is. My mouth isn't frozen, however. "Eyes up here, Buddy." He explodes into action, but not in the way that I'd hoped. "Here, your shirt." It hits me in the chest. "Take this, too." He tosses the bra at my face. He yanks the blanket out from under me like a magician pulling a tablecloth out from under a fully set table. Except, I go flying about three feet into the soft grass. The blanket lands on my head seconds after, and he bundles me up tight. I'm wrapped up like a caterpillar in a damn cocoon. "It's hot in here, Edward!" In more ways than one. It's a fucking inferno, actually.