Title: Big Ed Summary: Big Ed doesn't only score a perfect ten for his diving prowess. Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Big Ed "Do you think Bella wipes down Big Ed for payment?" Alice laughed at Rosalie's question, then answered. "I think she does it so she can slob-the-knob." "You think? She's a virgin. That's what Tanya said. And apparently, she's hot for Edward." "Do you believe everything you hear?" Alice scoffed. "I heard she was a little freaky." Rosalie shrugged a shoulder. "Well, I believe it'd be hard to resist what Edward's packing." Alice nodded. "Yeah, but Jesus, from what I've heard, there's no way Bella could take all of Edward's trouser snake." "Amen to that." Rose agreed with a dreamy sigh tacked on the end. The bleachers at the Port Angeles Aquatic Center were packed to the hilt. The two girls commented on that as they walked inside and squeezed themselves into the only available spots at the top of the bleachers—which also happened to be behind Jessica, Bella's best friend and Edward's twin sister. "Do you see the way she stares up at him when she pays special attention to his calves?" "Calves my ass," Rosalie whispered—much too loudly. "Don't you see how he overfills that black banana hammock nicely? She's totally praying to the banana God that his fruit ripens so she can have a taste." Rosalie's tongue swiped out of her mouth seductively, making Alice laugh out loud. "Maybe you're right, Al. She's probably a freak." Jessica peered over her shoulder, shooting the girls a shitty look. Rosalie cocked her head, her eyes locked on Jessica's. "Well, his you-know-what is the talk of the town." Jessica flipped Rosalie the bird and mouthed, "Fuck you," turning around to pay attention to the diving competition. "Someone must not have a knob-to-slob for themselves," Rosalie quipped, loud enough for Jessica to hear. She then turned back to Alice to finish their conversation on how and why Bella towel-dried Edward after each dive. The girls came to the conclusion that Bella was trying to change her virgin status. But, everyone else knew Bella was his personal assistant/towel girl because she was unequivocally in love with him; plus, an array of extracurricular activities would look good on her college resume. She and Edward had been friends since sophomore year—as long as she'd been best friends with his twin sister—but he seemed oblivious to her feelings and how she looked at him. Edward Cullen, Big Ed as he was nicknamed after the diving mishap in the summer of 2015, was the reigning State High Dive Champion. He won the title, but also gained the embarrassing nickname at State. Johnson-gate, as it was dubbed in the local newspaper and bi-weekly Forks High School paper. The winning dive not only showcased his fantastic, jaw-dropping reverse 2 ½ somersaults with 2 ½ twists in pike on the 10-meter, but his penis also joined in the fun when his Speedo loosened and it popped out, mimicking a rotating helicopter blade on the way to the pool. Rumor was that his high score of a perfect ten was due to both his dive and his monster cock's aerial performance. Jake Black, from La Push High School, lost by a fraction of a point, and he was pissed. So, apparently, he recruited his friends and several classmates to protest on his behalf, complete with detailed signs, outside Fork's High School. Bella's dad, Police Chief Charlie Swan, nipped the march in the bud and sent them away—anti-penis signage and all. Big Ed still held the record. Chief Swan liked Edward. Edward was extremely polite. He had impeccable grades. He was the son of a local surgeon. And Edward was Bella's best friend's twin brother. Little did the Chief know, but the talk around town was that Edward was just as impeccable between the sheets, or rather, the backseat of his Range Rover. Bella also had a huge secret, almost as big as Edward's third leg. She secretly wanted to act out the recurring dream she'd been having of Edward in that Range Rover. She'd heard all the gossip about his rendezvous with Irina, the exchange student. Maybe that was what Bella's erotic dreams stemmed from—she wanted to be that girl she saw in her dreams, wriggling in pleasure on his leather seats. Bella was a good girl—well, when she wasn't looking at porn on the Internet, which was ninety-five percent of her free time. When Bella witnessed, firsthand, Edward's medal winning dive and his blurred out penis in both newspapers, she set herself two goals. First: to become towel girl for the diving team. And Second: to seduce Edward into having sex with her. She had achieved goal number one, but number two was still a work-in-progress. Bella only had a couple weeks before graduation—the timeline she set for herself—before she needed to be in that Range Rover, riding him like the naughty girl she wanted to be. Bella was also a lot smarter than many gave her credit for. When she was in sophomore year, and Edward didn't really know she existed outside of general acquaintance, she realized the best way to Edward was probably through his precious-to-him and not-too-popular twin sister. Being the friendly sweetheart Bella always was to people, she had no trouble befriending Jessica Cullen, after coming to her rescue in gym class. Bella was an athlete herself—long jump and relay running, to be specific—and when Jessica needed a partner for mandatory track days, and no one else would do it because of her klutziness, Bella stepped up to the plate. And, as they say, the rest was history. Jessica thought Bella was the kindest and most helpful girl, and Edward was very taken as well, and their friendships grew from there. Little did Jessica know, though, but Bella had to bite her tongue a lot around Jessica and her annoying ways. Because, Bella had Big Ed goals to meet. *BIG ED* Bella grabbed a chicken leg from the plate left for her in the fridge by Charlie and scurried off to her room upstairs. She kicked off her shoes and tore a hunk of meat off her dinner, chewing as she shimmied out of her shorts, to her underwear. She held the leg in her mouth and striped off her shirt, leaving her in the hot pink, Victoria's Secret sports bra she was wearing. The dive competition lasted longer than expected, but that was fine with her. Any extra time she could spend with Edward and his packed meat was always welcomed. Today, though, was productive and one-step closer to meeting goal number two. Bella smiled as she relaxed back into her pillow and finished the chicken leg, nibbling on it until the bone was clean. Just the way she imagined licking and milking Big Ed after she made him come in her mouth. The excitement of their potential first time together made her aroused, so she wiped her hands off on the towel from her morning shower and opened her laptop. She needed porn, and big cocker dot com was pulled up and at her fingertips within seconds. The video of an enormous cock sliding in and out of the woman lying on her back just did something to Bella. The man's length was at least twelve inches, and she envied the woman receiving that wild wang. Bella had no doubt she could handle Edward's substantial length, considering she sheathed an English cucumber in a condom and practiced a few times. It was the girth she worried about. There wasn't a vegetable thick enough at Newton's Food Mart that she could safely prep and play with herself. And there was no way she was going to order a dildo online. So, she resorted to produce. As of junior year, she was no longer a vegetable virgin. The spot between Bella's thighs tingled, sending an electric sensation straight to her nipples. They became stiff peaks and very responsive to her touch. She imagined Edward rolling them between his fingers, which enticed a deep moan to escape her throat. Bella quickly rid herself of her undies, kicking them aside, and reached for her cell phone to play music to hide her naughty behavior. The last thing she needed was Charlie knocking at her door again wondering if she had let in screaming stray cats from the neighborhood. That was awkward as hell. At least that was what she told Charlie the last time she pleasured herself when he was home and her cat-like moans echoed through the house. Bella's fingers skimmed the soft hair encasing the area where she wanted Edward the most. She positioned the laptop so she didn't miss any of the porno, because the big dick videos were her favorite. Her fingers delved deep inside her wet, warm flesh, while she wished it were Edward's long, limber digits instead. She also wished Edward would notice her for more than his sister's savior and his towel gopher. But, that didn't seem to be happening. Therefore, she'd have to keep focusing on her own pleasure until she could meet goal number two and Edward could take over. Bella was pretty good at climaxing at the same time as all the chicks in the videos, since she religiously watched them. She picked up the pace, wishing she would have grabbed a vegetable and condom before she locked herself in her bedroom. Too late, she was just about to moan like her fictional feline friends—however, her phone startled her when it rang. Her fingers left her nipple, but there was no way she was leaving the damp warmth between her legs. "Hello?" She breathed heavily into the phone. "Bella? Is that you? You sound different, and I see your ear...I think." Huff, huff, huff...hold the moan. "What? Huh? Holy shit." "You asked me to FaceTime you this evening. Is this a bad time?" Bella bolted straight up in her bed, accidentally dropping the phone between her legs in her rush to cover up. "Is that your...um...never mind. This is obviously a bad time." Bella had forgotten she had asked Edward to FaceTime, and when she answered, not only did he hear the porno playing in the background, but he caught a glimpse of her pounding her pussy. "No! It's not a bad time. I'm um…" Bella tried covering up the masturbation crime scene, but failed miserably. "I...I…" She held the phone high enough that her naked body wasn't exposed, but it didn't matter; her face was flushed, making Edward furrow his brows, questioning what the heck was going on with sweet, little Bella. "I guess you don't need help with your track form this evening?" "I do! Yes! I was just limbering up, stretching, ya know? It's a new Brazilian technique I was brushing up on." "O-kay. I guess I could meet you at the track in thirty minutes?" "Yeah, sure. Thanks. Thanks, Edward. I'll be there. Thirty minutes. Yep. With bells on." She rambled her response, trying to get Edward off the phone so she could finish herself off. Bella rushed, making herself come hard. Edward's sexy voice was her undoing. To her, everything about Edward was sexy. His tall frame, his toned body, his sense of humor, his love for anything cherry—hopefully hers soon enough—and his dedication to his sport. Bella pulled on a pair of running shorts, foregoing undies all together, and a tank top. She grabbed her Nikes, slipping them on and lacing them up. "Dad? Going for a run!" "Be safe," Charlie hollered after her. "It's almost twilight and the perverts come out at night, ya know." Bella knew. She was perv-extraordinaire and numero uno in their neighborhood, she assumed. "'Kay. Don't wait up." And off she ran to the school a couple blocks away. When Bella arrived, Edward was already there waiting.