Basketball Stars Disclaimer: I don't own anything except the plot. I went to the state basketball games in my state and saw a guy slap a dude's butt while he was getting up and thought SOLANGELO NOW! Warning: I am not a doctor so my knowledge of everything isn't perfect. This will be a 2-3 shot. Enjoy! Sweat rolled down the boys' faces as they huddled together. Their breaths mixed into one as the coach barked out orders. There was only one man grinning, and that was Nico di Angelo. He didn't mind the slickness of his skin or the shortness of his breath; he was playing the game he loved. It was his junior year. All his friends had left him to carry the team, so that's just what he did. His eyes locked on the freshman and then glanced overhead where his old friends were back for this one game. They were chuckling, and he knew why. If only his newer teammates knew... They probably did know by now, truthfully. Nico was hardly quiet about his preferences, on and off the court. While it was common for guys to slap one another on the butt after helping each other up, he offered a squeeze or wink or whispered words of encouragement to one player on every team. He'd pick them out - the ones most likely to swing for his team. Many times he was wrong, but it only got into their heads. It was a game of his, one he enjoyed playing. He was a major flirt when he was confidant. Nico was always confidant on the basketball court. He was, after all, the star of the team. He'd started since his sophomore year. He was able to move around everyone and slip into unknown slots like a ghost in the shadows. Normally, his friends wouldn't come back. They went to college hours away, but it was the state tournament. And it was the finals. If the crowd for the semifinals was big, this was ten times its size. For the state tournament, all the teams traveled to the capital. Considering the small size of their state, everyone found entertainment through the basketball rivalries. People came from all over just to watch the games. Nico's school was in the largest division; triple A. People watched single and double A schools between the intense games for the triple A teams. To house so many people, it was held in the Civic Center. It was big enough to house concerts for people from Luke Bryan to Panic! At the Disco to Beyoncé. And it was packed. Nico never got nervous, but he was nervous . His eyes shifted to the other team. It was halftime and they were down by two. Truthfully, his team was expected to win by a landslide. Nobody expected their previously injured player to be ready to play yet, but he certainly was. Will Solace was the shooting guard. He never missed a shot. And he was Nico's most favorite victim. While Nico was a flirt, Will Solace was an aphrodisiac himself. Nico lifted his head to see the team being led out of the locker room by the man himself. People cheered, but Nico only listened to his coach. "Di Angelo, you've got number 7 - that Solace kid. Got it?" Nico grinned deliciously. "Come on coach! Nico can take a hit. Solace is the only one not to hurt us," whined Travis. Nico rolled his eyes, but he couldn't blame him. That team played dirty. It was how they made it to states in the first place without Will. They had left a streak of injured players in the past three games of theirs. It put everyone on nerve, but Nico doubted they'd try something with all these cameras around. "You losers can hardly score against the freshman without di Angelo. Now get out there!" Coach Hedge was practically bouncing with energy as they jogged back onto the court. Nico smirked as he neared Will. Despite having such long hair, Will didn't keep it held down. It bounced freely on his head, only a little disheveled from his light gleam of sweat. "How's it going, sweet cheeks?" Nico called out as he leaned on his knees in front of Will defensively. Will's lips lifted. "Not bad. We are winning," he pointed out as his eyes slid over Nico's body. "Am I wearing you out?" Nico winked as the ball was moved up the court by Will's teammate. "Nah, but I do know another way I wouldn't mind you wearing me out in," he patted Will's stomach as he darted past the flustered boy and stole the pass, making up for Will's two point lead. As Nico jogged back, Will was fuming. "You suck," he growled and fully prepared himself for the ball. The crowd was still murmuring in shock that Will missed such an obvious pass. "You may have the speed, but you don't have the height to block me, angel," Will turned around and slammed his body into Nico, which opened him up. Nico expected this, but it didn't make it any less of a thrill. His butt was pressed fully against his groin. They passed Will the ball, but Nico recovered. After that, Nico's team took the lead by nearly ten points. He could see the opposing team begin to struggle. They flushed in their larger players onto the court, leaving only the slightly leaner Will. They definitely outsized them, but they were slow. Nico didn't understand the coaching decision because he ran fast break after fast break with the only hope of Will stopping him, but even that was rare. Will's teammate was shooting fouls shots when they spoke again. It was one-and-one. After the first shot, Nico stepped around Will and shoved his body into him to block him out. The shot went in, and Nico stopped shoving him back but hardly stepped away. Will let out a grunt and casually squeezed his butt. "Hmm, you sure know how to use your ass, sweet cheeks," Will winked. Nico grinned at him mischievously and settled back into place. They missed the next one, and Nico jumped to grab the ball, but somebody slammed his legs out from under him and he fell directly on his chest, knocking the wind out of him. Nico groaned and rolled to his back. When he opened his eyes, blue one stared down at him. There was no whistle, but Will was still perched over him. "You can breathe now," he snorted. Nico groaned and sat up on his elbows as air returned to him. Then the whistle blow and he referee came around to him. "Ah, he's good. Come on," the blonde said and offered him his hand. As usual, he felt electricity flow between their hands. Will hefted him to his feet and finished in a 'bro hug.' When they broke apart, Will patted his butt and nodded encouragingly. It was a common gesture among basketball players, but between the two of them? It was something more that made Nico grin as he regained his breath. The next free throws came around and their lead had doubled. Even Nico could see Will's coach going crazy. He was growling commands at each player, but none acknowledged him. They called a time out. Nico paid more attention to the other team. The crowd was roaring. There was six minutes left of the last quarter. Hedge told them to stall, which was Nico's specialty and least favorite thing to do. He grew concerned when Will's face glanced over to his own huddle, face pale and a worried mess. Immediately, Will protested whatever was being said, but the buzzer called them back on the court. Will kept shaking his head, eyes darkening as they peered at Nico like he was the angel of death. He moved his lips, but Nico only winked and jogged into place below the basket. While he was small, he had hops. As long as he got around the big guy next to him, he'd get the ball. But that wasn't what happened this time. Nico didn't bother going around him for the first shot. Will was shooting; he never missed. Will again glanced at Nico, but he focused on the ball in his hands. Somehow, Will missed. Nico never expected that. He was late jumping for the ball, but even if hadn't been, he never would have made it there. Midair, Nico felt a hand grip his leg and thrust his body to the ground. The ball was now by their feet, so everyone dove for it. A hand gripped his leg, lifted it upright, and then the heavy body fell into him, elbow slamming into his thigh. His femur snapped in the middle and bent up toward his leg and fire shot up his leg. He clutched at his leg, but a body blocked him. As the fire spread, more bodies stepped and fell over him. His hand was crushed under a foot, but he hardly felt it. All he felt was the horrible mind shattering pain in his leg. It seemed like seconds that the sounds disappeared. Soon, all he heard was his loud screams that never seemed to end. He'd never felt a pain like this. When he opened his eyes, there were people crowding around him. Nico tried to grab his leg, but it wasn't where it should have been. Horrified, he forced his eyes open through the blinding pain. His leg was bent downward visibly, like a wave dipping down. Pain was everywhere . Nico's body arched off the ground in pain and his teeth slammed into his lip. The crowd took to gasping and screaming alongside Nico. Coaches crowded around him. "Call an ambulance!" Two medics rushed to his side, and both took once glance at his leg and passed out. One landed on Nico, which made his hot tears stream down his cheeks again. "Get. Him. Off!" A few nearby players were also feeling queasy. And suddenly, he saw Will. His eyes were a brighter blue than before, as if he was about to cry. He dropped to his knees and grabbed Nico's good hand. "Breathe for me," Will commanded. Instantly, he sucked in a breath of air and exhaled in a sob that had him off the floor again. "I'm so sorry." Nico didn't understand, but he didn't try to either. "Give him some air! Back up!" The anger in his voice was palpable. It gave Nico some hope. "Don't we have more medics?" "Uh, no?" Will groaned. He looked apologetically at Nico before jogging away, leaving Nico moaning on the ground, not daring to touch his leg. Moments later, Will was back and another blonde Nico could only assume was his dad ran behind him. "He's a doctor. He's gonna take care of you, sweet cheeks," Will kneeled on the opposite side of his leg. "What's your name?" The older man asked as his eyes took in his leg. His hands ghosted over it, and Nico bolted upright in agony as he seethed out his name. "Good. I'm Apollo. We're going to take care of you. Now I'm going to take a look at your leg, but it might hurt." "Dad," Will whispered. Apollo's gaze shifted toward Will's and both of them looked way too pale. "Dad. Do something. Please." Nico's hands were shaking as he forced himself upward. There was a puddle of blood forming under his leg. Nico's eyes widened. Apollo shouted, "We need an ambulance now !" He grabbed he first aid kit. "Will, create a tourniquet. Nico...hold in there, kid." Will's tourniquet hurt less than Nico expected. It was Apollo's stint that made him pass out. When he woke up, he was being lifted onto a stretcher. He came to with a scream that shattered his vocal cords. People were rushing around him, and Will was following along until