Girl Code Disclaimer: I don't own anything. A/N: This is definitely trash. Lately I've been writing trash. Whoops. Inspiration: This actually happened to me except the happy Will ending. The man who kissed me was 25 and my friends saved me. And everyone just laughed when I told them, but you know, it really makes you feel like shit when you make out with a guy 8 years older who looks at you like a pedophile would. But writing this story helped me and now I'm good, no worries! Hope you find this amusing/sad/entertaining? I know it's not the normal good sooo. Also it's very much unedited and written on my phone. Girl code: slap a bitch if she talks trash about your friend. Girl code: keep your hoe friend from screwing a random person. Girl code: don't sleep with your friend's ex. Girl code: dibs. At this point, Nico wasn't sure how many of these rules he broke by doing this. And he was torn between caring and believing that he was better for the guy. Did he even have to follow girl code if he was a male? Granted, he was gay with a girl best friend, so did that pull him into girl code? For her, for his beloved friend Lou Ellen, he did have to follow it. . . . "How many times do I have to deal with this shit?" Lou Ellen burst into Nico's room with her eyes swollen. He looked up and sighed. "You went back to him, didn't you?" He cursed. "Lou, you need to forget about him." "Just like he forgets about me," she cried. "Justin is an egotistical ass. The only person he doesn't forget about is himself," Nico reminded her. He hated seeing her like this, but she asked for it. Lou Ellen put herself out there, that was for sure. He always preferred to go for the more subtle approach, but Lou? Lou posted half naked pictures of her boobs online weekly. There was nothing wrong with that, either. If you got it, flaunt it. But Nico knew it attracted the wrong type of crowd, especially for Lou. Lou wiped at her eyes and sent him a sad smile. "Why don't guys like me?" "I like you," he shrugged. She sent him a sour look. "It's just so fucking dumb." She shook her head. "Lou, guys like you. You've had sex with five different guys, okay? They continue to throw themselves at you, too. You just choose shifty ones," Nico supplied. Lou narrowed her eyes at him. He raised an eyebrow. "You know I don't sugar coat things." "Yeah," she sighed. "Nice fucking friend." Nico grinned. It was a common occurrence. "Anyways, Cecil wants to go to Apollo's again tonight. Are you in?" Nico purses his lips. They knew parties weren't his scene. He hated all the people. He hated not having anyone to speak to. He hated his anxiety. He especially hated when there were homophobes there as well, which was what happened the one time he went to Apollo's house. "There's only us three, Meg, Apollo's neighbors, and two or three more that are sort of related to Apollo." He looked at Lou and couldn't help but feel the need to protect her. Cecil didn't do a good job because he was so head over heels in love with her that he got pissed when a guy spoke to her. So he drank and hooked up with a random girl instead of watching her back. Apollo's house sounded like a safe place to drink. It was out there away in the mountains. They had a big bonfire and drank before ending the night inside his house. The problem was his neighbors. They were redneck. That was a fact. But they were very modern rednecks, which meant some of them were even gay now. Nico doubted he'd leave there without being felt up. "I'll go, I guess." "Yay! Apollo will be so excited!" Apollo was a man in his thirties who threw parties for people of all ages. His kids really used it to their advantage. It was normally a safer environment to drink, and a fun one. "Just one thing. I call dibs on Will Solace!" "Will? Lou, you just ended things with Justin today. Give yourself some breathing room," Nico swore she'd get an STD before they graduated high school. Besides, Will Solace was a friend of Nico's. They had chemistry together last year and he would admit he had major attraction to him, but Will was straight. He was a good friend last year and still was always nice, trying his hardest to include Nico in things. He constantly declined so he wouldn't catch feelings for the guy, but it was the thought that counted. Nico liked Will. He didn't want him to be Lou's rebound, even if all her ex's were practically rebounds. "Have you seen his ass, though? Shoot," she whistled. "I was talking to him earlier, Nico. He's really nice. I need a nice guy." Nico grit his teeth. He didn't know what to say. She was correct when she said she needed a nice guy, but that's what worried him. Will was more than a nice guy. He was Will Solace. "Lou..." "I can take care of myself, Neeks, but thanks for caring." She, in fact, could do that. He'd seen her once drunk slap a girl twice her size who hit on her boyfriend. Nico wasn't concerned for her safety too much anymore. He was silly to in the first place. In all honesty, now he was going to hopefully prevent Will from being dragged into her drama. The party was small, as she said it would be. When they got there, they were freezing their asses off. Nico spotted Will and his father, who looked so young he could fit in a fraternity, starting up a fire. Nico eyed the younger blonde across clearing, secretly hoping he'd leave before Lou set her sights on him. Cecil was already there with the alcohol. Kayla and Austin sat by the growing fire singing a little melody. There were about six other nameless people wandering around. Most were smoking one thing or another. Laughter filled the air. "Hey guys," Will shook his hands to get the dirt off. Apollo walked up beside him with an equally large grin. "I'm glad you all could make it." "Thanks for having us, Will!" Lou giggled with her drink in hand. She flung her arms around him, creating a look of surprise on Will's face. Nico sighed and looked at Cecil. He took a large swig of UV. "Well come on and take a seat. Will, show little Lou a seat!" They wandered to the backseat of a nearby truck, and Nico watched with a sick stomach as Will drank more and more. It only took four shots before the blonde had Lou on his lap, arms wrapped around her waste. "Guysssss, is this stuff made from cherries? I love cherries!" Meg suddenly made an appearance, running towards him and nearly stumbling into the fire had Nico not caught her. "Woah. Fanks." Nico sighed. This always happened. "How drunk are you?" Meg giggled. "I only had two and a half lemonades." Nico never met a worse lightweight than Meg. Every time they drank, every single time, she threw up. And even if she only drank three bottles, she'd throw up like she drank ten. He didn't understand why they kept inviting her to these things. Apollo came over as Nico was holding Meg's hair back. She had her head between her knees. "Aw, Meg. Always asking for it and always getting it." Apollo patted her back and placed a bottle of water in her hands after. They stood there, watching for signs of a second vomit that had no chance of not coming. "How are you, Nico?" He shrugged. "Sober." Apollo snorted. "Let's change that!" Nico and Apollo made their way to the drinks. At first, he headed for the tequila, but the older blonde stopped him. "I think you need a shot or two of moonshine, my friend." "Moonshine?" Nico raised an eyebrow. He glanced over to where Meg was staring at her own vomit. Then he saw Cecil chugging a beer with one of the neighbors. Finally, he watched Lou Ellen dance with Will as provocatively as it could be without calling it sex. Will was more than hammered and Lou had to take most of his weight. "Sure." He took it down fast. Nico wasn't necessarily a lightweight, but he didn't have a high tolerance at all either. He didn't feel anything after two shots, so he took a larger swig after that. He wanted to be drunk. He wanted to be fun. "Wow. Okay, I think that's enough for now," Apollo laughed nervously. He followed Nico's gaze to the dancing couple. "I know you're not gay, so I'm assuming you're pining over my son." Nico snorted and rolled his eyes, surprised at how dizzy the world turned. "I just don't like Lou's motives." Apollo laughed. "I'm sure that's it," he whistled with glee as a few of the unknown neighbors made their way towards them. Somehow, Nico found himself in the middle of a conversation with one of the guys there. "I told them we'd need more wood," Nico rubbed his arms. The fire was going down quickly. He vaguely spotted Apollo throwing more boards on top, but he knew it wouldn't last forever. There weren't enough boards. "Want me to warm you up?" The older man laughed dirtily. Nico liked dirty, normally, but this man was nearing thirty. Nico was seventeen. "I'm just kidding. You look like you seen a ghost." "I'm warm," Nico slurred. "It's crazy how that works. I'm warm but I'm not. I'm shaking but I'm not cold." "That's the beauty of alcohol. Alters reality," Will's husky voice was by his side without warning. It was startling to find that he could recognize his voice without trouble, drunk or sober. "Nico, you're looking quite healthy tonight. I'm glad to see you do, in fact, have blood and aren't a vampire." Nico giggled as Will pinched his rosy cheeks. "Rhino, I didn't even see you come down." Rhino flashed his sickening smile. He was too thin. There was not-eating thin like Nico, and then there was drug thin. The man named Rhino was definitely drug thin. He had swallowed cheeks hidden by his beard and no muscle on his body. Even Nico had more health than that. Hell, he even had abs now. "Yeah. Nice fucking party going on. Lots of hot country men around tonight," he wiggled his eyebrows suggestively. Nico didn't know if he was talking about Will or Rhino himself, but he didn't care. He laughed along with him because he had no reason not to. Will wrapped an arm around Nico's shoulders. "Want to help me with Meg? She's about to vomit up the water we gave her," he pointed in Meg's direction, and Nico was both thankful to be pulled from Rhino and to be pulled into Will's side. "I haven't seen you in foreverrrr." "I know! I missed your fucking face," Nico giggled and ran a hand down Will's face. His cheeks turned red almost instantly. "You think Meg will be okay?" They both glanced down as Meg began to gag. Nico grabbed her hair and Will spread her feet apart while bending her over to keep the vomit off of her. Will sighed and looked at Nico. "She'll be alright." After she finally stopped vomiting, they moved their way toward a new group of people who arrived. Their images were pretty blurred, but Nico eventually figured them out. Sitting in three of the four chairs were Travis Stoll and Katie Gardner, Conner Stoll, and Leo Valdez. "Here, sit down," Nico laughed as Will stumbled. He smiled with embarrassment before falling into