Theater (cl)Ass Disclaimer: I only own the plot not the characters. A/N: wowww another two-shot from me. Recently, it's all I can write. Awful at commitment and such. Lol anyways, some warnings. I hope you enjoy despite how different it is. Warnings: OOC. Nico and Will almost switched places here, almost. I don't know. I just felt that Nico shouldn't always be portrayed as short and tiny. Can't we all imagine a hot tall Nico taking an adorably sweet bright Will into his arms? No, just me? You're wrong! I got the image from a past story I read (and didn't finish of course) on here. It's something new, and I think we all need new. Not much fluff or smut, very T rated. Nico didn't want to do this. He didn't want to act in a shitty play. He didn't want to do Romeo and Juliet again. It physically hurt him to both say the cheesy lines and to act out suicide, as if he hadn't thought enough about that on his own. However, there he was, auditioning for the part of Romeo for a second time. Maybe his least favorite part about this play was that he had to kiss a girl in front of his entire school. What, was he back in the closet again? He could hear Jason and Percy snickering now. It was all his agent's fault. She practically forced him into it. "I don't want to," he picked at his torn shirt. Reyna shook her head with firm movements. "I don't care. Juilliard basically requires you to act in your school plays if you want to even be considered for their best scholarship," Reyna kicked at his feet. "They know most school plays are shitty. You don't even have to do a good job, but you have to have it on paper. They've already seen you in New York, and they want you. But you have to do this." Nico threw his head back and groaned. Reyna was his best friend and a self-made agent while still in high school. She and Nico both knew he needed this scholarship. Otherwise, he'd be shipped off to Yale on his father's boat of money, sentenced to a life without theater, which was one of Nico's few passions. The theater director of their school was a joke. His name was Octavian. He was just one year out of college, and he had no clue what he was doing. Clearly, he was one of those guys who became a teacher in order to coach a sport easily. Although, Nico's costar from a play years ago also went to his school and took archery, which was what Octavian coached alongside of dealing with the drama department. Nico hadn't even seen Will since freshman year considering their school had thousands of kids, but he'd seen his archery skills on set of the small local movie they both acted in. Will was amazing; Octavian was a danger to his students. Auditions were a train wreck. Nico knew that the moment he stepped foot into the auditorium. Octavian was on stage barking orders. There had to be over a hundred kids in the place, all talking loudly. Cursing Reyna, Nico made his way to the stage. Octavian taught English, which was one of Nico's favorite classes. While Octavian definitely ruined his advanced Literature class, he did pick wonderful books and plays. Most centered around Rome, but some were more modern. Nico made the mistake of asking to read the Iliad one day, and since then Octavian definitely knew his name. "Oh. I wasn't expecting to see such a star here," Octavian breathed out with annoyance. His eyes ran down his checklist in hand. With an impatient sigh, he rubbed his temples. "Your agent told me you were coming. If I just give you Romeo, does that mean I don't have to suffer through your horrid audition?" Nico never understood this man. If he were good enough to have it over everyone else, why would his audition be 'horrid?' It was sort of pathetic how little the man knew of acting. Nico always do prefer plays to movies, so this would be his most insulting work ever. Not only would the set and secondary cast be less than decent, but also his costar would be horrendous compared to him. He was not one to toot his own horn because he was certainly not star worthy, but he had taken acting classes every summer since he turned ten and went to his acting coach every week for lessons. The only one who put in as much work as him was Will Solace...and Juliet was a female role. "Can I pick Juliet?" Nico bargained. Octavian looked like he wanted to slit his throat. Nico only batted his eyes and smiled sweetly. "Oh my gosh! What is with you fags and thinking you're so cute? Just because you smiled doesn't mean you get what you want. You're too gothic to do that, try again," he screamed through clenched teeth. Nico narrowed his eyes as his hands clenched into fists. Every bone in his body told the black haired boy to throw a fist or kick the obnoxious blonde in the jewels. He didn't do or say anything, though; he knew Octavian well enough at this point. Nico gave him half a minute of fuming before... "If you must, you can sit through the worst and pick out the decent ones for me." Hmm. Maybe this fag knew what he was doing. Octavian made the announcement that Romeo was taken and all Juliet auditions would take place backstage with Nico. Nico half-heartedly waved his hand before quickly slipping behind the curtain. There was a line of about twenty people. And none of them were even half of what he was looking for. One might have gotten the job done without stumbling over every word, but there was no way he could stand to kiss her lips. He continued on. It was around the seventeenth audition where he lost hope. And then he saw the blonde hair. "Name," he hissed without looking up. "I'm a little insulted you don't remember your first kiss, Death Boy." The voice was distinctly different than it had been during 9th grade, but Nico didn't have trouble pin pointing who his first kiss was or who the only person was that called him that ultimately true nickname. His head snapped up to see the ever-gorgeous Will Solace. "Sunshine, I think you're in the wrong place. If I'm not mistaken, Juliet didn't have a dick," Nico teased before pushed out of his chair. Will only grinned and closed the distance between them by throwing his arms around the taller boy. Nico shot up around the age of seventeen. He had lean muscles that fit him well. Will, on the other hand, only grew half as much as Nico did. He was half a head shorter than the dark haired boy, but his beach-boy look fit him perfectly. Will was dressed in a cut out tank top and slim fitting workout shots that accentuated his small waist. His eyes were scrunched when he smiled, and his hair was tussled effortlessly. Nico couldn't stop checking him out, but that was the beauty about their distant friendship. Neither of them cared to be lusted by the other. Even as ninth graders, their platonic friendship was borderline at best. As Will said, Nico's first kiss was with Will. Despite how adorable (and, truthfully, awkward) it would be it was not on stage. It was during practice at Will's house, and it was only slightly more than a peck, but it counted. "Wellll," Will grinned that boyish grin Nico adored. "It's been so long since we worked together, so I thought why not? And don't you think this school could handle a little gay twist to the boring play?" Will offered the idea like it wasn't crazy, and Nico accepted the idea like it wasn't crazy. The idea immediately attached into his mind, forcing a slightly alarming smile onto his lips. "I like your thinking, Solace," Nico agreed. He turned to the other two girls standing there. "We found our Juliet, thanks." "What, no audition? I think you're showing favoritism, Death Boy." Will giggled. Nico raised an eyebrow. He stepped forward, openly invading the blonde's personal space. "Want to practice the kissing scene then?" Will's eyes twinkled and he shoved Nico's best playfully. "You're such a flirt!" Nico shrugged as he looked around, eyes clinging to Will more. His thoughts instantly slipped away from appropriate. "Come on. Octavian is going to have a field day." Octavian was casting the nurse when the boys came up. His head whipped back as if they scared him. "Ew. Double the gross. Don't you two have make-up appointments or something?" Will's mouth dropped open, and Nico could tell he was about to blow his top. Quickly, Nico grabbed Will's forearm and dug his fingers into the skin, and he spoke before the other could. "Octavian, we have an idea to spice up the play a little." "Oh dear," he muttered. Nico doubted this would go over well. "I want Will to be Juliet." His eyes grew to the size of Uranus and Nico was pretty sure he saw a vein pop in his forehead. "WHAT? ARE YOU DUMB?" Will crossed his arms over his chest. "Why not? Now we won't bore people to death with the play that everyone has seen." "Besides, he's the only other decent actor." "He's a guy!" "I'm not playing Romeo without Will as Juliet," Nico crossed his arms over his chest. Octavian burst into insulting laughter. "Good. Your kind is hard to manage anyway." Octavian snorted as he crossed Nico's name off the role for Romeo. Nico clenched his first and didn't hold back this time. He looked at Will, whose eyes were filling with hot, angry tears. They looked at each other for a full minute, willing the opposite to calm down enough to get something done. Nico wanted nothing more than to knock Octavian on his ass, but he knew it would get them nowhere. "Run along. You're infecting the possible Romeos with that ridiculous idea," Octavian shooed them away while muttering under his breath, "fags." That word lit a match inside Nico. His blood boiled. It was that stupid word. Nothing was more insulting than being called an overly used, derogatory, three lettered word. Fag. Nico enjoyed being gay, and he was about to show Octavian how hard a fag could punch compared to his believed jocks: just as hard. "You fucker!" Nico suddenly pounced, but Will's hands yanked him back. He was on his butt in seconds with Will's elbow at his throat. "Calm. Down." Without the tears running down Will's cheeks, Nico wouldn't have stopped fighting against him. But he saw the way Octavian had slapped Will, the way he had pulled out his soul and character and made a joke of it all. Nico stopped fighting long enough to hear Will's shaking words. "Calm down, please." Biting his lip, Nico looked over the blonde's shoulder to Octavian, who was laughing moronically. Nico stared into Will's eyes and nodded. He cautiously helped him up. As they walked away, Nico turned around. "We'll be back with a fucking lawyer, dickface!" As soon as they were out of the theater, Will stopped pulling on him. He released Nico completely in favor of collapsing against the wall, knees drawn to his chest and head down. The first sob broke Nico's heart. Though he still felt the need to throttle Octavian's face in, he forced himself to lose his rage. Instead, he sat beside Will. The boy was quivering. Hesitantly, Nico reached out to touch him, to show that he was there, but then he thought better of it. Will, however, noticed. He smiled sadly up at him, and Nico wondered how he could want something that