Truth or Dare Disclaimer: I don't own anything except the plot. Warning: this chapter T. Part 2 is VERY VERY M. It's a 2 shot! Also, I wrote this on an airplane right on my phone. It is very unedited, and I'm sorry. "Nico, it's been three years. Don't you think you should tell him?" Jason Grace wasn't the pushy type, which was why his words so confused the Italian boy. Their swords clanged together with a loud clash, and he snarled at the blonde. "Tell him what ?" Jason rolled his eyes as he parried Nico's next attempt as slashing through his throat. "You know what I'm talking about." Jason stepped back to catch his breath, and Nico chose that moment to strike. He lunged forward, twisted his sword around Jason's, and successfully disarmed the famous son of Jupiter. Nico broke into a sweaty grin as Jason fell back on his rump. Clapping sounded from the entrance to the training room. Nico slowly turned around as Jason grumbled, "You got that from Percy." Will Solace was dressed in his full surgeon gear, complete with flip-flops. His blonde hair, however, was a mess of blonde curls that seemed coated with saltwater; he'd taken a run on the beach this morning. "Somebody is out of practice!" Jason climbed his way to his feet and sighed. "I know I am. These gods are too damn picky about their shrines. I have no time to myself!" "Or I'm just better than you now," Nico smirked, crossing his arms over his chest. Will slung an arm around his shoulders and nuzzled his hair, making Nico cringe inwardly. "Well that much is obvious," he laughed with the sound of a baby's laugh. It was so innocent and pure that it was hard to imagine some of the dirtier things he'd said before. Of course, they were only to Nico. It was a secret side of Will he rather enjoyed. "I came to tell you guys that Percy and Annabeth arrived. They're in the infirmary. Let's just say it wasn't an easy trip for them." Nico and Jason laughed. At this point, it was doubtful for neither Percy nor Annabeth to gain serious injuries since they did survive Tartarus and all. So the three of them strolled calmly to the infirmary only to find Annabeth and Percy bickering while Percy played with his bandage. It was soaked in blood, wrapped firmly around his naked torso. He looked up. "Hey guys," Percy said with as much casualness as if they'd met at the gym. Will cursed and ran to his side, shoving him back on the bed. "See, Percy, I told you not to move!" "But then how else would I get a kiss from you?" He batted his eyes as Will cut off his bandage. Nico had to admit. Seeing his old crush being handled by his new crush made him uneasy. But did crush really qualify what he felt for Will? Three years is more than a crush. Three years is... "What happened? Run into Nyx again?" Jason joked, but nobody else laughed. The silence in the room pulled at Nico's nerves, and he felt his blood run dry. Sometimes, Jason made jokes about their journey through Tartarus. It was only six months ago when they were last all together that Percy and Annabeth opened up about their journey, and that was because they were drunk. Will laughed nervously as he shifted his gaze between Jason and Nico. Nico grimaced, and Will set straight to work redoing the stitches. Will would never begin to joke about something like that. His humor was happy humor. Even so, he might have been tempted to laugh once upon a time, but now he knew. Somehow, Will managed to pull Nico's story out of him. . . . Nico bolted awake in a cold sweat. His scream died in his mouth as the darkness around him seemed so much brighter than the darkness in his dreams. His eyes bounced around the room, and his hands clutched the sword that he stowed beneath his bed. He couldn't sleep without it there. It was a dream - it was a memory. A dream would be created by his mind. Even Nico wasn't capable of creating Tartarus. Hands shaking, he pulled himself out of bed. Hazel's head was peeping out from behind the curtain. Nico looked at her with tired, annoyed eyes. Her head disappeared and he caught her concerned whispers. "Never sleeps...since I got here...help him, please." She called out in a loud voice as the curtain pulled back slightly. "You can't just go in unannounced! He's not decent!" There was that laughter that made Nico's heart flutter in a good way. "I've got him, Hazel." Nico was still breathless by the time Will crouched in front of him. He was smiling, but Nico recognized the force behind his eyes to keep him going. Will grabbed Nico's hand. "Hey." "Hey," Nico whispered back, voice trembling with unshed tears. "Want to come to the infirmary with me?" Nico shook his head, staring at his hands. He didn't want to go anywhere except possibly disappear. It had been two years and he still had nightmares about Tartarus. It was bad enough Hazel had to endure them during her short visit, but Nico didn't want to put other patients through his misery, too. "It's empty tonight." Will brushed hair out of Nico's eyes, and for once Nico didn't pull away. His warm touch was such a drastic difference from the cold fingers of his mind. Will leaned in close, close enough that Nico could feel his sunshine filled breath on his cheeks. "I'd stay with you here, but I don't think your sister would approve." Nico blushed and hung his head. Reluctantly, he nodded. Will breathed out with relief. "Good. Now throw some clothes on. Only I get to see your nice ass abs, yeah?" He didn't wait to see Nico nearly faint. His lewd comments always left Nico's head swimming. After calming down, Nico dressed while Will informed Hazel he'd have him back by breakfast. When Nico emerged, Hazel gave him a hug and ran back to her bed before she burst into tears. He could hear them anyways. Nico's heart only sank more. He hated doing this to her. It wasn't fair. She didn't deserve this. She just wanted to see her brother happy, but Nico was never happy. Will hooked an arm through one of Nico's and pulled him out the door as if knowing his very thoughts. "Now how come she gets to hug you and I can't?" Exhaustion swept over Nico, and he leaned his head into Will's shoulder. "You have hugged me. Remember last week when this happened?" Will huffed indignantly. "I want to be able to hug you when you aren't suffering from nightmares." Nico nodded tiredly as they neared the infirmary doors. "Okay." Will's face lit up. He bounded up the stairs and unlocked the door. "In we go," he said, and his cheeriness began to frustrate Nico. If only he knew...if he was there, would he be this happy? "The beds are bigger in the back." Nico sat on the edge of the bed while Will prepared some warm milk. He hated it plain so Will added sugar in it. Handing it to the Italian boy, Will quieted for a few minutes. "What were the dreams like this time?" Nico had never told anyone the specifics of his dreams because they weren't dreams. They were real. He knew the fear. He knew the pain. He knew the loneliness. Speaking about it never seemed like an option. Nobody could know just how messed up he was. But when Nico watched Will's knew jumping up and down, he wants to put his pain on him. He wanted Will to have an idea into what he went through. At sadistic as it was, Nico wanted Will to grow a little darker. He could be serious, but there were times he just had no clue. "They weren't dreams. They were memories," Nico mumbled, hands clenched between his legs, "from when I was in Tartarus." Will didn't move or speak for half a minute. Then, he scooted so close that their legs were touching and sparks were sending Nico's body alive. "Will you tell me about it?" Nico didn't answer. "I want to know, Nico. I hate not knowing what happened. And I hate that you've kept it jumbled inside you for years." Nico nodded. He fell back on the bed before deciding to simply climb in it, opening the covers on Will's side. He crawled inside hesitantly, and Nico didn't know if it was because he was so tired or because he simply wanted to feel his touch, but he scooted closer. Will wrapped an arm under Nico's head. With a shaky breath, Nico began from the beginning. He didn't mean to continue to the end. He didn't mean for his tears to turn into sobs. And he didn't mean to keep speaking into dawn. But that's how long it took. That's what happened when he spoke about it. Everything from there crushed him, even when he simply remembered it. Will didn't mind. He listened until there was nothing else to listen to. He held Nico when his trembling tears became too much. And when Hazel came into the infirmary the next morning to seep Nico, she didn't say a word when she found him wrapped in Will's arms. . . . Will coughed and brought Nico back to the present. Jason seemed to recognize his mistake. He began backing towards the door. "Uh, I'm just going to go get the fire ready." "Fire?" Nico asked. His eyes were locked onto Will, subconsciously (okay maybe more consciously than he'd like to admit) making sure he was being purely professional with no wandering eyes. Nico, of all people, knew how attractive Percy was. Well, maybe Annabeth knew better, but still. Percy grinned at him. "Chiron said we could have our own fire on the beach since it's a special occasion." He rolled his eyes. "Just because you're his favorite." Percy shrugged. "Tell Piper to snag some of her love potion stuff!" "Aphrodisiac?" Annabeth clarified with a scoff. "Why in hades would you want that?" Percy crossed his arms behind his head as Will finished the stitches. "So I can get laid again." Annabeth's eyes went wide alongside her mouth as she prepared to badmouth him with every word in the dictionary. Percy cut her off. "It's been en entire week!" Nico, Will, and Jason burst out laughing. Annabeth stomped on Percy's foot. Will pushed him upward as he bent to rub his toes. As he wrapped, he murmured, "Try three years..." Nico's blood ran cold. Their eyes met momentarily before Nico began backing up with Jason as well. "Come on. I'll help you with the fire," he said and practically dragged Jason out the door. He continued laughing all the way to the beach. "Hmm, it sounds like he's been holding out for someone." "Shut up, Grace." . . . "Don't freak out." That was never a good sign, especially from Will Solace. His charming smile wavered as they walked along the beach, headed back toward the fire where the other sons from the big three and their partners were awaiting them. "Let me hear it," Nico sighed with annoyance, but really Will's adorable mess up made Nico's heart swell. The first time, he was terrified to admit that he'd accidentally stolen Nico's sweatshirt and accidentally ripped the top because 'it choked me!' Nico hasn't taken that sweatshirt off since then. "So, um, remember the other day?" Will began. He was hardly ever nervous. Nico loved it. Will scratched the back of his neck. "When I, like, hugged you from behind at the campfire?" Nico's cheeks immediately flushed with color. His head swam with mischief and euphoria. "Yeah," he squeaked