Chapter 1 Disclaimer: I don't own anything but the plot. Rick owns all the lovely characters. Warning: I haven't read the books about Apollo so I'm not aware of everything Solangelo, but here goes nothing. Inspiration: I'm so fed up with homophobia. Considering where I live, it's very bad. And I shipped these two instantly. It's the first maleXmale fix i've done, but I'm soooo into it it's crazy. Btw, to my follows of the Clace story Lonesome Wanderers, I want you to know I've not given up on it. Just, right now I'm feeling the Solangelo. I promise I'm working on it. There was nowhere else he'd wish he could be less than Olympia Academy for Talented Boys. Everywhere he looked, the campus was stained with memories. In the open field in front of the cabins, he got the call. In the training area between the field and the learning hall, Chiron, the headmaster, had forced him to leave and deal with his situation. Far into the woods straight to the left of the cabins was the last place he'd spoken to his sister. Nico's hands clenched. He stuck the ear buds into his ears and turned up the music. Nico glanced at the cabin far to the right. That was his old cabin. That cabin was familiar. That cabin had people like Octavian, who didn't blink an eye to Nico. He'd had an acquaintance named Charlie in that cabin, who would let him sit at his table for lunch. Nico never had a friend, but he also wasn't totally unwanted and despised there. But the first twelve cabins were for rich people. Nico no longer fell under that category. He fell under the scholarship category. When his parents died, he would have taken their saving and the mansion, but it burned down with them. He would have preferred to be taken into foster care rather than come back here where people were vaguely familiar with him. They'd ask why he left for break early. It was unnerving. Chiron walked beside him. "You'll be with three of our most talented swordsman, which should help you build your skills. You'll also be with our two archer prodigies." His gruff voice was firm, clear, as if no one could disagree with him. No matter how shitty his mood was Nico wasn't stupid. Chiron was the smartest person on campus. He taught archery, but he knew everything about anything. Their boarding school was part of the most prestigious types in America. They taught the four main subjects, but the electives and sports were all Greek and Roman related. Everything was based on the mythology behind the gods of Olympus. It was only when Nico first came here as a freshman that they no longer separated the boys into cabins based on their personalities. They had a sister school based on the same principles, as well. His sister had gone there. It was through the woods and across the river. On times when they were feeling lonely, they'd sneak across the river and visit each other, spending hours in the wood. It was always dangerous considering if the 'harpy' squad caught them there was no telling what they'd do. His half-sister still went there, now falling under the same rule of scholarship as he. She excelled in cavalry, which few ever did. "You know how the school works," Chiron stopped by the entrance to cabin thirteen. "Breakfast at eight. Lunch at 1. Dinner at 7. Bonfire at 8. Lights out at 9." Nico muttered. "Got it." Chiron nodded. "We now have a new rule, Nico. It is mandatory to eat with your cabin, every meal. Just as well, training will be with your cabin. Actually, that is just for the scholarship cabin to influence your focus towards working together as a team. As you know, the team match will be picked in two weeks. First match is in three." Nico felt his stomach twist in agony. Nico never liked his cabin mates before, but he knew of some of the scholarship students. They were the best on the team and knew it. They only hung out with each other because they couldn't lower themselves to the others averages. Doing just about everything with them would be hell. "Joy." Chiron sent him a disapproving look. "I understand you've been through a lot, Nico. These boys? They have, too. Give them a chance, young one." Nico gritted his teeth. Every inch of him was telling him to reprimand him for calling him 'young one.' His advice was just as unnerving. Nico slipped in his other ear bud, nodded curtly, and walked up the cabin steps. Waiting wouldn't magically transport him halfway across the world no matter how much he strained for it. Chiron walked away, leaving him to enter. Nico felt like knocking. This wasn't his cabin. He didn't know these people. But now it was his temporary home for the semester. He had no choice in the matter. If it was his, he didn't have to knock. Inside, there was loud laughter. Nico cringed at the sound. They were happy people. Chiron was very wrong. These boys did not know a thing about what he went through. Not that he planned on asking them. He didn't plan on talking to them much at all. Nico pushed the door open reluctantly. The cabin was laid out differently from his old one had been. The beds were much closer together than he appreciated. Only a small nightstand separated each of the six beds. On the opposite wall, parallel to the beds, were their dressers. There was a small desk on each side of the room. In the middle, there was a large couch. Nico's eyes widened. His cabin never had a couch. Then again, his cabin had four more people, no desks, and bunk beds. It was always crowded. Percy Jackson was naturally the first person he saw. During his freshman year, Percy was in his Greek Mythology class and was utterly clueless. Nico helped him out from time to time, and an infatuation with him had built. Nico didn't call it a crush. It was unnatural, and the more and more time he got to know Percy, the less intense his feelings became. Besides, Percy was very straight for his girlfriend in their sister school. By junior year, he'd moved on, but he'd always remembered. Percy beamed a ball at another boy's chest. Nico had seen all these guys before. It was a small school. He'd probably heard their names before, too, but couldn't match the names to the places. It bounced off the boy's body and hit Nico, causing his ear buds to fall out. "Woah, I'm sorry!" Jason said between laughter. Nico's glare hardened. Percy shoved his way around the couch, pushing Jason into the couch with force. "Dude, Nico, you're back! Are you prepared to stay in the best cabin of all time?" Like Nico said, these guys knew they were the best. Nico shrunk away from him, staring like he had two heads. Another blonde boy, smaller than the first, got off his bed and came to Percy's side. "Did you hit him in the head? Can you hear us?" Without warning, his hands met Nico's face, twisting it as his blue eyes analyzed his black ones. "I think you broke him." Nico shoved his hands off him, but he was already pressed against the door. "Hands off, Blondie." The boy's face split into a wide grin, and Nico's heart leapt into his throat. He was shocked to be so awestruck of this guy's beauty when he stood next to Percy, who he'd previously deemed as the best looking guy on campus. This guy was shorter, more towards his height, but still above him, of course. His had a lean build, but had more muscles than Nico. Of course. He had a defined jaw line for his small build, and a tiny nose, too. His blue eyes were the brightest he'd ever seen. It was a light blue that peeked into his soul, which annoyed Nico deeply. His smile was heart stopping and so infectious, he was tempted to smile back. "I'm Will Solace, newest best archer on campus. Nico di Angelo, right?" He extended his hand, and Nico stared at it like there were eleven fingers. He dropped it, and Nico nodded bluntly. He looked around. From the bathroom, a shirtless Latino exited. Nico watched with wide eyes as he pulled open his drawer, which didn't want to open. Half of the clothes spilled out. He cursed and started shoving things back inside. "That's Leo Valdez." "The hottest guy on campus? Yeah, that's me," Leo grinned a grin that made Nico worry about his safety. "This is Percy, which you know. And that's Jason Grace. Welcome to cabin 13." Will gestured for him to step further inside. Nico slung his bag over his shoulder and walked into the room. "Newest best prodigy? What did the old one die?" Nico muttered, crossing his arms over his chest. Will's smile melted like a Popsicle in a hot summer day. He scratched the back of his head. "Uh, yeah. Last year. Remember? Michael Yew and Lee Fletcher?" Will cleared his throat. "He left early," Percy said. The mood in the cabin dropped, as it usually did when Nico entered the room. "Okay, no more moping," Leo came over and slung his arms around Will and Percy, which was an odd scene considering the height differences. "Let's see your schedule, Nico. See who you have classes with." Nico rolled his eyes. "Which one is my bed?" Will jerked his head towards the far end of the cabin. Nico followed him. "This one is mine," he patted the one beside the one in the corner. "Unless you want to switch out of the corner." He sounded like he was really offering to switch beds just for Nico's convenience. Nico didn't answer. He dropped his bag on the bed. Will stood behind Nico, watching him as he unpacked his clothes into the dressers. Nico ignored him. Jason, Percy, and Leo started up another round of indoor football. "Frank Zhang is running late." "Of course he is!" Leo cackled. "Probably off trying to flirt with Hazel." Nico's muscles stiffened. Hazel was his half-sister. He had no clue she'd been in contact with anyone at his school. He really hoped she didn't tell Frank what went down with their family, even though she most likely did. She told Frank everything. Will sat on his bed. "I'm new to this cabin, too. They've got…quite the bromance, huh?" Nico's glare turned on Will. He continued grinning, as if the boy who looked like death wasn't furious with him. Bromance. For a split second, fear pulsed inside his brain. Did he know about Nico's secret? Not even his sisters knew. Nobody knew. And he had to keep it that way, now more than ever. He could only imagine how much more his new cabin would detest him once they found out he was undeniably attracted to the boy shamelessly grinning at him. Nico sat on the bed. "Is Frank dating Hazel?" He hadn't spoken to Hazel much after the funeral. Hazel's mom could technically keep her, but she decided to strive for a scholarship at Graeca et Romana Girls Academy. He'd met Frank before, and he didn't mind them together, but he wanted to know. "No. If you know Hazel, you know she takes it slow," Will shrugged. "She's my sister," Nico muttered as he plugged in another ear bud. He was about to lean back on his bed when Will reached out and grabbed his arm. Nico jerked away like it had burned him. It practically had. Energy had coursed up his arm, more so than what was considered normal. "We're going to go get dinner when Frank gets here." Will said, eyes staring into Nico's like an invitation. "You're