Slashes and Stitches Disclaimer: I don't own anything but the plot. A/N: Hello my lovelies! I love that I think I have people who actually read every story. Lol, ANYWAYS I wrote this story real quick. Literally on my phone. I woke up from a dream and got this idea so I looked at some fan art of Solangelo (bc why not?) and I saw a beautiful picture. Nico had cuts along his face, and Will was somewhere in the picture. i'm not sure, I just know that was SO Nico. So this happened in one day of writing in between classes on my phone. Un-beta'd and still looking for a beta! So sorry when there's grammar mistakes. Also, anyone want to be my beta? It can even be as simple for just a certain fandom. Message me! Btw, I didn't forget about any of my stories, I promise! Slashes wrapped around his face the way a tattoo would. Blood oozed from open wounds. His eyes were alight - not with fear, but with adrenaline. His black hair was plastered across his forehead, pasted there with blood and only that. Will could have spotted him from a mile away. Despite all of his time spent in the hospital, he'd never seen someone wear an injury so well. He was an angel of darkness sent in from the war, waiting on his cup of coffee to be refueled, ignoring the dirt and blood. The door to the cafe opened, and a Latina girl with a scowl as deep as the Grand Canyon itself walked out. She moved towards the injured angel, frown deepening as her gaze settled on his face. "You look like shit." His mouth twitched upward in a smirk, making Will's heart pound hard enough in his chest for him to hear it in his ears. The boy shrugged and took one of the drinks from the girl, eyes gazing across the yard. They landed near Will, catching his stare. The angel winked at him before pushing himself to his feet. Then, they walked away from the hospital. Will grit his teeth. He had just gotten off a double night shift, with a long surgery tying him in to the hospital in between. He should have went home. He had all reason to. If the angel had walked into the hospital, they would have treated him. Will, however, knew that his wounds weren't fatal aside from the risks of infection. Will had the option here. He didn't need his help. But Will followed them anyways. The girl was limping, so their pace was slow. He caught up to the pair quickly. "Hey!" They stopped, turned around, and looked at him with surprise. The boy's eyes had gone down from its adrenaline high, and Will no longer could see the sparkle in his obsidian orbs, but they were still mesmerizing. The girl grinned suspiciously, nudging the angel, who stomped on her hurt foot, causing a stream of curses to flow from the girl's mouth. "You need help." The boy scoffed as he smirked once again, eyes amused. "Aren't we supposed to come to you?" Will shrugged. He still had scrubs on, not bothering to change closes except into his sandals. "Yes. But you're going to have some nasty scars if you leave them like that." They only stared. "Plastic surgeon," he shrugged, like he couldn't help himself. In all truth, he couldn't have stopped himself from finding a reason to introduce himself to somebody as beautifully bold at this angel. He rolled his eyes, crossing his arms over his chest. The girl growled, "Wow! You must really be desperate to have become a plastic surgeon in order to look at some jugs. Let's go, Nico." Nico . That name was a perfect fit. He wore dark clothes with a band on the front of his shirt. His arms were ripped and filled with tattoos of skulls and darkness. Nico's head reached just above Will's eyes, being shorted by him in the slightest. He rolled his eyes at that, looking somewhat annoyed. "Nope. I'm gay. Now can I please convince you to come into the hospital?" Nico raised his eyebrows at that. He once again seemed somewhat intrigued. The girl groaned. "Do you know how much more he'll charge you just because he's a plastic surgeon? Let's go , Nico." Will frowned. He got that a lot. The boy didn't seem to hear the girl as he looked Will over. After nearly a minute of silence, she shoved Nico. "Could you stop staring long enough to answer? I've got to feed the remaining tigers tomorrow morning and would love to get home before ten." Nico huffed. "How badly do you want to help me?" Will found the question odd. He almost missed it. Nico's voice was deeper than expected, and he loved hearing it. He wanted to hear it again. Will fought back a blush and said nonchalantly, "I don't care about your money. It's about ten stitches. That much will make a difference." Nico reached his hand toward his face, and Will jumped out, grabbing his wrist. The moment he did, electricity transferred into his hand, creating a hum of energy. "You'll get an infection." Nico ripped his hand from Will's grasp and looked ready to bite the guy. "I don't do hospitals." He turned to go. Will huffed haughtily and intercepted his path. "Fine. I can come to you." "Why do you want to help him so badly? Fuck off, dude," the girl said, hand on her hip like she owned the world. Will made a face. "There's no need to waste a pretty face." He didn't miss the immediate blush that flooded through the boy's cheeks. At this point, the blood had dripped down to his chin and was threatening to fall off. "I am not pretty." "Sure you are. Now how did this happen?" "He will attack you. I'd watch it." The girl said. Will rolled his eyes impatiently. "Fine. You're hot - not pretty. Whatever. How did this happen?" Will reached forward to pull his skin up and examine how deep the cut was, but Nico jerked back, defensive. "I have everything we'll need at my apartment. It's four blocks. Please." Nico ground his teeth. "Fine. We'll go, but you better make it quick." The girl blanched. "No way. You're on your own, Nico. I've got my own shit." "Going to just let him murder me then?" She looked between the two, one side of her lips pulling upward. There was a twinkle of mischief in her eyes. "I don't think you'll be complaining about anything he does to you." She walked off without another word, one leg working harder than the other. Will watched her leave curiously. He turned back to Nico eventually. "She's an interesting girlfriend." For a moment, Will thought Nico was choking on his own blood, but no. Eyes wide, he laughed, "Reyna is far from my girlfriend." Will grinned. "Sorry. Why not? She's very...protective of you. Sister?" "I'm gay." Will looked him over and noticed his slightly tighter pants. "Duh. Well, come on. Are you sure? It's more sterile at the hospital." Nico grinned. "It's not every day a guy invites me over." Will felt heat burn his cheeks and he smiled back. "Come on then. Are you good to walk?" Nico nodded and they began their trip. It was quiet at first. "How did this happen?" He got a glint in his eye again as he sneaked a glance at Will, who was already looking. "My job requires some...alternative training activities." His vague answer left Will's mind to wonder. "FBI or CIA?" "Why would you think either?" "You don't want to go to the hospital, probably due to revealing so much information. You're dressed in regular clothes, and yet you were 'training.' And Reyna already said she needed to feed the tigers again, I'm assuming at the local zoo, so that doesn't quite add up to your story. You could be in the secret service, but you don't look that patriotic." Nico just stared at him. He didn't look alarmed, but Will could sense he was. He laughed, "Don't panic! Your secret it safe with me." "What if my mission was to spy on you, though?" Nico raised an eyebrow as a hint of a smile grew on his lips. "Well, by all means, ask me anything. I don't lie." Will raised his hand in a scout's honor. Nico grinned and shoved him along. By the time they got to Will's flat, Nico had blood staining his shirt darker and scaring children from the gruesome color running down his neck. For a door, Will had a large sliding hunk of metal. His apartment was clean but very dark for his taste. Since he hardly ever lived in it, Will didn't bother redecorating away from the grungy look. He didn't mind it for when he was in a darker mood, and people tended to- "You have a sick place, dude," Nico snorted as he eyed open format. Everything except the bathroom was in plain sight. Will gestured to the couch. "Thanks, I guess. Not really my style, though." He shrugged. "Sit down anywhere you like. I'll get my bag." As he made his way into the kitchen, searching the cupboards, Nico's voice grew slightly distant. "Do you really like these bands?" Will hummed, "Definitely. I listen to everything, but I don't really like the posters of Ariana Grande or Beyoncé, if you can understand that." Nico barked a burst of laughter. "Absolutely." Will looked to the kitchen, but he wasn't there. He found the angel on the bed, and he hoped his blush wasn't very noticeable. Nico was rested against the backboard, butt on a pillow. "So are you saying you jerk off to these posters?" Will froze. "I wouldn't judge you. I mean, Brendon Urie is definitely hot." It took Will a second to breathe, and when he did he sat down and sent Nico a mischievous smile. "You look just like him." Will agreed. Nico smirked and ran a hand through his hair. "By the way, I do use that pillow to sleep on." Nico rolled his eyes. "You're welcome then." He clasped his hands together as Will produced the gauze and needle. "Why do you have all this at your house?" He shrugged. "My sister's and brother's kids play together a lot, and it never ends civilly. If it's not a person I'm stitching up, it's a teddy bear's head being reattached to its body." Nico cursed under his breath in awe. "Okay. This will sting." Will first cleaned up the blood from his face and neck. Then, he cleaned the wounds. These were definitely sharp blades judging by the clean, swift cut. He eyed Nico suspiciously. The boy didn't even flinch when Will doused the three slashes in hydrogen peroxide. "You're going to have scars, but they'll be almost unnoticeable." "Good. I was so worried." Will fought back a grin as he pulled out the numbing agent. "Are you allergic to lidocaine?" Nico shook his head as his eyes flew around the room. "You'll feel a few little pinches." Again, it was like he was hardly touching him. The wounds were pretty deep. Will could only imagine Nico in a knife fight. "Did you win?" Two cuts were along one cheek, below the bone but above his prominent jaw line. The other one was straight down his side, starting level to the ear and ending are his jaw. That would be the worst scar. "Of course." Will snorted. "You're cocky, aren't you?" "I'm not the one prancing around insisting people need your care because you are a world renown, hot plastic surgeon." Nico hissed as his eyes flickered back to Will's with a challenge. Will smirked. "I never said anything about world renown or hot." "Might as well have," Nico muttered. "Why were you outside of the