Porn Star Roommate Disclaimer: I only own the plot. He was infuriating. Blonde hair, windswept from the beach, bounced around his elfish face. His startling blue eyes pierced through my fucking bland balls of brown. He was bigger than me, which wasn't a true surprise, but for such a tall and muscular guy, you'd think he'd have a hint of roughness left in his gay bones. Noooo, he had to be the most adorable human on earth. It was so fucking annoying, too, because before I met his know-it-all ass, I avoided being around the primped and pampered. Even if I managed to not drool over him, I was stuck as his roommate for the next two semesters. "Are you sure you're gay?" he asked the moment he met me. I raised an eyebrow. "It's just - I distinctly asked for a gay roommate." "And you think they're allowed to do that?" I snorted. He huffed indignantly and muttered a few things under his breath as his cheeks turned pink. I felt a prickling on the back of my neck and an urge to smile ran through my head. I shot it down. "Well, just so you know, I'm gay," he said. "So I gathered," my eyes looked up and down his body for emphasis. He was a classic gay hipster in his muscle shirt and shorts that were too short. His pale pink shirt matched his shoes. "Are you?" "First time I've ever been asked that before my name. You're not good with people are you?" I didn't phrase it like a question, yet he still answered in a fit of giggles. "No, but people find it adorable." "You're six foot. You can't be adorable." "That's what you think!" He plopped himself on my bed and tapped my nose in the process. I scrunched my nose and stumbled back. "Do you have a name, handsome, or will I have to do something in your favor to earn it...?" I chuckled, "You're not adorable. You're a bundle of sex." He shrugged, not even protesting on this one. "I'm Will Solace. And you are...?" With a heavy eye roll, I said, "Nico di Angelo. Yes, Italian. Yes, I can speak it. No, I'm not going to." "Feisty hot biker roommate. This will be a good year!" I avoided his question for a while, simply letting him come to his own conclusion that I was straight. There was no good reason for doing so. Clearly, I could have had a good fuck buddy if I wanted to. Maybe there was some part of me scared to actually enjoy his presence afterward. Maybe there was some part of me that knew how fucking addicting he'd be. But for the first semester, I let him believe I was straight. It came in handy when I brought guys over. He'd have no clue that we were secretly jerking each other off when he wasn't looking or went to the bathroom. It was fun for a little while, but then it got old. So one day I let him walk in on this random dude (his name might have rhymed with Jercy?) fucking me. I was bent over the foot of the bed, in perfect sight of the door. Will's face was priceless . His jaw went slack, his eyes went wide, his cheeks turned bright red, and he grew serious in concentration, as if reviewing where he went wrong. "Uh, should I stop?" "No." I said. "Oi! Will! Either stop gawking or join in. Either way, close the door!" "He's gay, too?" the nameless boy said in confusion. "Then why am I here?" I grinned and met eyes with the betrayed Will. "To confuse the kid." The door slammed shut and we continued all the way through. Will came back seconds after the random guy left, so I only assumed. "Enjoy hearing me get off, Solace? Are you one of those...voyeurs? You could have came in and watched. He didn't mind." I was wrong that first day. Will may have been flirty, but clearly he had more innocence than I did. He couldn't even meet my gaze. "Uh...since when have you been into guys?" I jumped on my bed and shrugged as I picked up a book. "Seventh grade at least. Probably sooner, but you never know until you know, you know?" Maybe I could be a little hint of infuriating myself. Will sputtered, "You could have told me! I - I would have put a shirt on or, hell, pants!" I tilted my head with pity. "But your ass is adorable. Nice abs, too. Why haven't you gotten laid? It's almost the end of the first semester, dude." Will shuffled towards his bed, eyes focused on his hands. "I have. Just not here." "Yeah? How much?" He glanced around the room and swayed on his feet. "Uh, I don't know, not much." I rolled my eyes. "Don't lie." "Of course I'm going to lie!" "Why? Sex is fun. You should have plenty of it." "Because it's not for fun!" Will hissed. I raised an eyebrow and leaned back against my bed. "Hmm, does Solace have a secret?" He groaned and moved to my bed, climbing up with ease and sitting beside me, shoulder to shoulder. His cheeks were red again, highlighting his freckles. "Can you keep a secret?" "I lived a secret for all of high school. I think I can handle yours." "I'm a porn star." That's how I fell off the bed laughing. "No way! Not a fucking chance in hell! You can't be a porn star! You blush too easily!" Will raised an eyebrow with impatience. Eventually, I calmed down. "Sorry, sorry. It's just...wow. Top or bottom?" Will seemed surprised by this statement. "Uh, top. Always a fucking top." I grinned and glanced at his crotch. "So that means you must have a nice-," "Yep," he cut me off as his cheeks turned red again. When his eyes met mine, he started giggling. "Now I know you're gay. Only a gay dude would ask that." "Can you get me a free tape?" "No!" "Why not?" "Because!" "Pleaseeee!" "Fuck off," Will rolled his eyes. "And stop using my lube! I was wondering where it all went." . . . That was one of my favorite times. He loved to annoy Will so far into blushing. However, it was normally the other way around. Will loved to do many things. He loved to tell me the music I listened to was depressing. He loved to tell me I'd blow out my eardrums when I put my earphones in so I wouldn't play my depressing music for him to hear. Will also loved to drag me out to socialize. No, not the fun drinking at bars socialize. He dragged me to elegant dances and museums. He loved to do a lot of things. Since he found out I was gay, he also loved going on double dates. It was never an option for me. He'd find out when and where my next date was and would tag along with his nearest gay friend. Sometimes they weren't even on their own date. He just loved annoying me that much. "You're the worst gay friend ever," I slammed the door after another failed attempt at hooking up. Will giggled that fucking adorable - and somewhat sexy, though that could be the fact that I hadn't had sex in three weeks - giggle. "First you drag me to parties and set me up but ruin the night! Then you sabotage all my dates. And worst of all, you won't let me watch your porn!" Will raised an eyebrow. "But is that last one even an argument?" "No! I could easily search you up online!" Will rolled his eyes. "You have sex too much. You're going to get an STD." "Says the fucking porn star!" He held up his hands and casually pulled out his medical books. That was another problem I had with him. He was smart as shit. I envied it. "We're all clean, doll face. We get tested regularly." "Did you just call me doll face?" I growled, hands clenched so tightly my knuckles turned white. Will wasn't fazed. He shrugged and nodded crisply. I debated throwing something at him, but the way he bit his lip had me torn. I groaned and grabbed my keys, slamming the door on the way out. Hell, Will even managed to annoy me when he was hurt. I woke up to my phone buzzing. It didn't stop after one call, and I couldn't take the constant vibrations. It was just a happy coincidence that Will would be the one to wake me from my sleep. "Hello?" I mumbled, voice stricken with grogginess. "Nico? I need -," Will paused as he whimpered. Now in my sleepy state I couldn't tell the difference of whimpers of pain or pleasure, and I hated to admit that my dick quickly perked up. "I need a ride b-back to the dorm." "Dude, it's three in the morning. Why can't you drive yourself back?" There were loud sounds coming from the phone in the background, one of which included a voice talking calmly to Will. "B-because my ass is torn and I can't fucking walk." I, of course, burst into laughter and grabbed my keys. "You're just lucky I love seeing people in pain." As it turned out, Will worked in a garage full of props and people. The set he was dressed for centered on firefighters, and Will's costume alone had me turned on. That was beside the point, of course, but it offered my mind some interest. Will was lying on his chest with a towel draped over his ass. There was a faint red spot on the towel. "Now how does a porn star split his ass open?" I started laughing again. Will sighed and gestured towards me. "Everyone this is Nico. Nico, this is the crew." Will answered as he shifted uncomfortably. "And when you're doing a BDMS scene, forget the safe word, and he misses putting the lube on…" From somewhere else in the set, a dramatic voice whined, "Look. I don't top. Ever. And you don't bottom. It's not my fault your ass was super tight. Besides I had to lube you up without looking at you! Talk about hard af." He literally said the letters. "Hell. You work with guys like him? That's sad, Will. Just sad." The producer frowned. "The sad guy you're talking about can deep throat an eight inch dick. Come again?" he puffed with annoyance and leaned towards his assistant. "This is why we don't allow boyfriends on the set." "I am not-," "I don't know. He'd be a great bottom. With Will or Connor." The assistant began looking me up and down. I narrowed my eyes and debated flipping them both off. "I like him with Will. The bright and dark contrast...yeah, and we could use that set..." the producer didn't seem to be focused on Will anymore. "Hey! Will. Is he going to be okay or what am I supposed to do with the idiot?" I huffed, snapping my fingers to regain their present attention. Will chuckled slightly from his position on the couch. Will answered for them. "I'm fine. I just need to take a week or so off until it heals. And I have to rub ointment on my hole. Exciting, huh?" Nico cringed. "So why am I here?" Will burst into giggles. "I can hardly stand. You're my delicious ride home." I rolled my eyes. "Question is: do we need to get Paolo to carry me to the car or can you do it?" I groaned. "I go to the gym every day, dick." I said as scooped him up bridal style. With his height, he was a little bit of a struggle, but I wasn't the twig I used to be. As we walked back to the