Part 1 Disclaimer: I don't own anything. The famous Rick Riordan owns it all. A/N: To my Clace followers, do not worry. I will continue! It's just blocked. P.s: I have never written in the PJO fandom even though it's my absolute favorite world. This is post BoO before Apollo's stories since I haven't read them yet. But who didn't catch immediate feels for Nico and Will? I just read stuff and the characters seemed out of character so I hope I did them justice. Of course, maybe it fits their characters in Apollo's books. Idk. It boiled down to one problem; Nico didn't know how to use a cell phone. Will was going to visit his mother for a week over Christmas break. Of course, he'd promised to be back for the Christmas party, considering there was no party without the infamous Solace. Still, it worried Nico for reasons that he detested. A week was nothing. He'd gone years without speaking to anyone alive and breathing. Caring about a week seemed silly. "I love my mom, but you can't let me speak only to her for a straight week. She'll drive me insane. We live on a private beach. You know who visits private beaches?" Will complained. Nico raised an eyebrow, slightly amused by his trivial problems. Truthfully, it was relieving they could even have trivial problems in their lives. "Nobody!" Nico shrugged. "I'm sure any bloodthirsty monster will make the stretch. I'll extend a word for you." Will's eyes searched Nico's. Nico tried his best to avoid his gaze. Will Solace, the only person who dared to look straight into his eyes without flinching once in his entire life, was the one person Nico couldn't afford to look directly in the eye. For such an upbeat person, Will's energetic aura literally attracted Nico, mainly from the lack of his own energy. It was easy to sense when Will slipped from his content albeit distraught mood to one of hurt – aguish. "You're so dense, Death Boy," Will gritted his teeth. Finally, his waves of anger dissipated. Nico relaxed his shoulders in relief. He was used to hating people with a palpable force, but that coming from a normally happy guy like Will was unsettling. "I need updated on the camp buzz. If one strand of Drew's hair goes awry, I want your gossip-y butt to call me." Before Nico could react, Will grabbed his arm. Instinctively, he pulled away, but he didn't account for the strength in his arm. Will whipped out a pen and scribbled on Nico's arm, but at this point, he'd stopped struggling. Electricity flowed freely between them, growing to the point that Nico worried Jason was preparing to blast him with a lightning bolt. Will, still clasping Nico's arm, looked up with that grin of sunshine. "Doctor's orders." Then, he let go, and Nico remembered to breath. Will sprinted down Half-Blood Hill and turned around, waving goodbye to his closest friend. Nico scoffed at the thought. Friend. That's what they were. After nearly four months, Will was Nico's closest friend. Except, Nico felt things he didn't feel with his other friends. Nico resolved to waving back half-heartedly and glanced at the black marks left on his arm. Blood rushed to his cheeks when he realized it was a phone number. Nico didn't know much about this era, but he knew writing a phone number on somebody's skin in permanent black ink was school-girl-giggle worthy. It was a childish and debatably scandalous way of communication. Of course, that was back in the 1980's and 90's. Now, Piper claimed most mortals their age has 'social media accounts' where you could contact one another. Nico didn't push her about the subject, mainly because he didn't want to begin to delve into the world of technology. And yet, the predicament arose the next day when he began to miss Will dearly. First, Nico had to find a cell phone. Using the landline would require asking Chiron permission, and Nico was more likely to wear a pink skirt than do that. He knew that Annabeth had a cell phone once upon a time long ago. Turned out she still had it. "Stand by the pine tree for service and hope no monster attacks. They always cloud the reception," Annabeth said as she tossed him the odd mechanical device. It was smaller than he remembered phones being, and much more complicated. One look at it and he knew it was futile to even march up to Half Blood Hill. Annabeth had already left – didn't want to make Piper mad for forcing them to be late on their quest to find a suitable yet not sparkly dress for the Christmas dance. Nico sighed and left the cabin. He could have asked Leo to help with his mechanical problems, but he knew the boy would crack jokes not only about his lack of modern knowledge or Will, but also try to close their sudden 'bond' they had formed when Leo had died for a moment. Leo liked to claim being blessed from the god of death himself as well now bonded them. Nico would then explain that would have been Thanatos, and his dad was Hades, who never actually blessed him, only created him – the point was Leo made his head spin and blood boil. He didn't feel like going to him. All Nico wanted to do was talk with Will. Over the months, Nico knew Will instinct was to make a person feel good. If he had caught an inkling that joking about Nico's lack of modern technology hurt Nico, he would have diverted to an entirely new topic while still teaching him what was what. That was what he did when Nico didn't understand the idea behind the Xbox. After a thorough explanation, Nico would stick to his Mario and Packman games. Gleeson Hedge stumbled upon Nico as he took a stroll with Mrs. O'Leary in the woods. The moment he heard the coach whistling his happy tunes of martial arts, he began to turn around. It was too late. "Nico! Check out my boy!" Coach Hedge practically shoved his baby satyr into Nico's face. Nico blanched and stepped away from the proud father and kicking baby. He'd hardly grown since he was born. Nico remembered the happy news being announced in an odd fashion. He remembered the shrill energy that had passed through his hands to Will's when the boy had grabbed him. "Should you be so far into woods with him all alone?" Nico asked. Hedge scoffed. He shifted the baby into one arm and produced a new, un-shattered baseball bat from behind his back. "Always come prepared, son of Hades. Besides, Mellie and I were trying to convince Juniper to ask Grover about having a kid. We could always use a pretty baby girl nymph or a tough boy satyr by his side growing up. Can't have my boy being all alone, now could we?" "Don't you want him to date a – forget I asked. You're giving me a headache." He bleated out in laughter and clamped Nico on the back. "You'll understand someday, kid. Everybody finds somebody." Nico nearly thought that was one of the least obnoxious things the satyr had said to him until… "Now I just don't see why Grover and Juniper won't consider it! Sure, they're young. Who cares? Nobody will think anything of them, not aloud at least." "Bye, Coach," Nico announced. He had a splitting headache at this point. He cherished all who dared to risk their lives against Gaea's forces, but it was hard to have a normal conversation with half of them anymore. "Wait!" Coach came back and started directing Nico out of the woods. Mrs. O'Leary didn't notice and continued hunting smaller monsters lurking in the woods. "Where's your cute sidekick?" "My what ?" Nico seethed venomously. Gleeson paled momentarily and laughed nervously, bleating out like a goat a few times. Rage coursed through Nico and he had trouble controlling it. The grass around his feet slowly began to wither. "W-Will Solace. He's your best friend around here. Your Travis to your Conner." Coach muttered incoherently as he instinctively backed away. "At least he keeps you at bay." Nico took a deep breath of air and tried to control his outburst. He was on edge. Nothing he did was right. Furthermore, if he didn't call Will, it wouldn't damage just his mood all week. He could only imagine the loud outbursts the son of Apollo would inflict on him. If he'd been angry for Nico not stopping by the infirmary for two days, he could only imagine… "He's visiting his mom." Nico gritted out. He lifted his eyes to Coach. "I don't suppose you could convince the wind spirits to send him an airplane letter like you did with Mellie, could you?" Hedge slowly rocked the baby as he twisted in his arms. With a grimace, he shook his head. "Afraid not. A good ole Iris message should suffice, though." Nico huffed. "The goddess of pretty colors isn't a huge fan of a son of underworld, where there's practically three colors – black, grey, and white." He left out the unusual green color of the River Styx. Hedge snapped his fingers. "I'll buy you a cell phone if I can eat it afterward!" Nico clenched his jaw. Insolent fools. "I'm good, thanks." He turned around to fetch Mrs. O'Leary. Something had to be done about this. Two days later, Piper noticed. Of course she noticed. His emotions were practically bouncing off the walls of his cabin, where he'd been spending the majority of his time. She and Jason had pranced right up to his door. When Jason demanded to be let in and they shoved the door open, Hades took note of his son's particularly strong distaste of Jason that day. Piper was able to walk inside, but an invisible barrier kept Jason out. "Hey! What did I do to you?" Nothing, really, but Nico wasn't in the mood to witness more secret eye contact of special looks between the couple or feel their happy vibes trying to leak into his own. He admired his friends' efforts, but he hated seeing them paired off together. They seemed to all be made for each other. They were the missing half, a boy and a girl split apart and finally found. Where did that leave Nico? Pining after a boy who, according to the myth, couldn't ever be his missing half. Piper shut the door behind her and sat beside Nico on the bed. She glanced around. "I like the new accommodations." Nico nodded dully at her small talk. "I hate pulling the 'my mom's a love goddess' card, but…" Nico glared at her, daring Piper to push her luck. She did, of course. She was stupid like that. "I can tell you miss him." "You're a fighter and a charmspeaker – not a love advice columnist." Piper shrugged. "I didn't mention love. I can sense your heart aches for someone, though." Nico's eyes flashed daringly at her, as if she'd coaxed the information out of his mind. Piper didn't look away. "Your not as obvious as you're scared you are. At least to the rest of the campers, but we know you. Honestly, the only one who will be surprised if Leo because he's so dense." So you may be dense, but you're not an idiot. At that memory, Nico whole frame collapsed back onto his bed. He sighed and confessed. "I can't contact Will. Three days. It's pathetic." Piper giggled amusingly. If Nico hadn't been so annoyed at his shameful failures, he would have found the situation slightly amusing. After trudging through Tarturus and defeating the earth mother herself, he was stressing out because he hadn't spoken to somebody in three days? He'd spent over double that time in a curled up, half dead states!