A Town Called Elysium Chapter 1 Author: Carla, aka cali-chan Rating: PG-13. Genre: Family, friendship, drama, romance, probably some humor because "oh, small-town charm" and on top of that, these characters are all sassmasters (that's why we love 'em). Pairings: All the canon pairings (...eventually). Canon/timeline: AU, inspired by the TV show Everwood (why yes, I find connections to my fandoms everywhere . It's a gift). Disclaimer: I only hid Percy in my closet for a couple of nights. It's not kidnapping if I sent him back, right? (AKA: PJO/HoO don't belong to me, they're all RR's). Note: Percy's going to be a bit of a grump in the first few chapters. Don't worry, he'll be back to his fun, bright and sassy self as soon as his father's out of the picture. ;) Summary: When circumstances force Percy's family to move to a quaint town in the mountains, he puts the blame for his frustrations straight on his absentee father's shoulders. But as they slowly acclimate to small-town living, they begin to form new friendships and relationships, demonstrating that sometimes it takes a place with heart like Elysium, Colorado to show a person what living really is. Inspired by the TV show Everwood . . . "Oh, come on! " Percy groaned, throwing his mother a frustrated look. Sally Jackson raised her eyebrows at him. "Don't give me that attitude, Percy. You know I'm only doing this to make sure you're safe." Being a teenager, Percy had mastered the art of angrily putting on his backpack, as he proceeded to demonstrate. "You seriously think it's better for me to walk to school through two feet of snow than take the car?" Yet another thing New York had over this nothing little town: it snowed in New York, too, but when it did, the school district had enough sense to suspend classes. In Elysium it seemed like they saw a full blanket of snow as only a minor inconvenience. She crossed her arms over her chest and gave him a "Mom" look, which effectively shut him up. "Now, these are your options: either you go by bike— carefully — or you call your father to come pick you up." "Wait, how come he gets to drive?" he complained immediately. He wasn't even sure why his father was in Elysium to begin with. Wasn't the whole point of shipping them off to Colorado that he didn't have to see them? Sometimes Poseidon had those moments where he wanted to pretend he wasn't a crappy father, and this time he seemed to think the first day of school merited his presence. Particularly since it was his influence (and his money) that got Percy into Greek Hill High well after the official application period had closed. Sally wasn't having any of his protests. "You just got your permit last month. He's an adult and I can't tell him what to do," she replied, matter-of-factly. "Yeah, just like you didn't say a word when dad up and made us leave New York for this frozen hellhole," he muttered under his breath, but clearly not quietly enough, as he saw his mother sigh and shake her head. It was an argument they'd had many times, and never quite settled. He didn't want to have it all over again; he loved his mom, and he didn't really blame her for their current situation. No, that was all on Poseidon. "I'll take the bike," he said, pulling the second strap of his bag over his shoulder as he walked to the door. He was halfway down the porch steps when she called out to him again. "Hey!" He looked at her over his shoulder, to where she was leaning against the doorframe, wrapping her thin robe around herself a little tighter; it was cold outside. "Come give me a kiss," she signaled to him to come back up for a second. He rolled his eyes— hey, he was sixteen and being told to kiss your mother like a kindergartener was embarrassing, okay?— but otherwise complied. She hugged him tightly. "Have a good first day, sweetie," she added, rearranging his hair off his eyes a bit before she kissed his temple. "I'm sure Tyson will want to hear all the details when you come back this afternoon." "Yeah, because my life is just that exciting," he retorted, dryly. Sally chuckled. Truth be told, they both knew he could spend the entire day staring at a wall and Tyson would still find the retelling riveting. Tyson just idolized his older brother that way. Untangling himself from his mother's arms, he skipped down the porch steps two at a time and went to unlock his bike, already not looking forward to being the new kid in school... yet again. . . . Sally watched her son pedal away until he turned the corner at the end of their street. Her Percy was all grown up now, almost a man, but it never got any easier for a mother to see her son off for a first day of classes. She only hoped Greek Hill High would be the one to stick; there were a limited number of schools Percy could transfer to in Elysium and its surroundings if he got expelled this time. She was so lost in her thoughts, she didn't even notice anyone else was nearby until she heard someone clear their throat. Startled, she turned around to see a man standing out on the porch of the house next to hers. He wasn't short but wasn't very tall either, and was probably in his late thirties if his salt-and-pepper hair was any indication. Said hair was longish, dark waves curling slightly at the ends against his nape; he was handsome, in an understated way. He was wearing slacks and a white shirt unbuttoned at the collar, with a tan wool coat— light, like the type one might put on to only briefly walk outside the house (she made a mental note to get one of those for herself as soon as possible). He wore thin-rimmed glasses and slippers on his feet, and he was holding a mug with a cartoon mustache on it in his right hand. "Good morning, neighbor," he greeted her with a small smile. "Paul Blofis," he introduced himself. "It's nice to meet you." Since they were separated by the entire length of Sally's porch, he couldn't exactly shake her hand, so he went for the next available option and gave her a small wave with his one free hand. "I must admit I was getting curious to see who bought the house next door. It's been on the market for a while." "Ah, it must have been waiting for us, then," Sally returned his smile, moving a couple steps forward so she wouldn't have to raise her voice for him to hear her. "I'm Sally Jackson. That was my son, Percy," she pointed down the street in the direction Percy had left in. "My youngest son, Tyson, is still asleep in his room." "Ah," Paul nodded. "Off to Greek Hill High, I presume?" he asked his eyes moving in the direction Sally had signaled. She nodded. "Next time I can drive him there if he prefers that. I work at Greek Hill myself," he revealed. He paused to take a sip of what she assumed was coffee. She wasn't surprised that he had overheard part of their conversation; Percy had a tendency to be loud, especially when he was complaining. "I'm sure he'd like that much better than going by bike. What do you do at Greek Hill?" "I teach English," he replied, still smiling. "What grade is Percy in? He might be in one of my classes." "He's a junior this year." She linked her hands in front of her chest as if adding emphasis to her words. "Oh, if you could keep an eye out for him, that would be a weight off my shoulders. Percy's always had trouble with studying, he's had to switch schools so many times already..." "Behavioral problems?" "Not really. He's been called out for his attitude a few times, but he's not a bad kid. It's just, between the ADHD and the dyslexia, classes and exams are very difficult for him. It's actually part of the reason why we chose Greek Hill," she admitted, with a small shrug of her shoulders. "We thought smaller class sizes would make things a little bit easier for him. We tried public school back in New York, and that was a disaster." "So you're from the Big Apple! Not many city transplants around here these days. Or ever, really," he added with a chuckle. She wasn't surprised; she couldn't imagine a place more different from New York City than Elysium, Colorado. "And I wouldn't worry too much. You made the right choice in Greek Hill; we have many students with learning disabilities and most of them are thriving. I'm sure Percy will love it there." "Oh, I really hope so," she sighed. A cool breeze picked up momentarily, making her shiver, and she realized she had been standing outside longer than she'd originally planned. "If you excuse me, I have to go make breakfast before Tyson wakes up." "Yes, of course. I have to finish getting ready myself. It was nice meeting you, Sally," he gave her another small wave. She replied in kind and he turned around to go back inside his house. Sally did the same, smiling to herself as she got ready to make some scrambled eggs. Her neighbor seemed nice, and her fears about Percy's new school were slightly mitigated. Perhaps they were starting their new life in Elysium on the right foot. . . . Percy was lost in thought as he pedaled to school. (His mother probably wouldn't approve, but hey, she wasn't around to give his ear a pull). He was mainly thinking about the chain of events that brought his family to Elysium; as with many other undesired situations in his life, it all started with his father, world-renowned neurosurgeon Poseidon Irving. [1] Percy's relationship with his father started off wrong since before Percy was even conceived. Poseidon met Percy's mom when he operated on her uncle Rich, the man who raised her after her parents died in a plane crash, to remove a brain tumor that other doctors had deemed inoperable. Sally was barely eighteen then. Poseidon's "miracle hands" gave uncle Rich an extra two years that he wouldn't have had otherwise, but they were two very tough years, as uncle Rich couldn't work anymore and his motion functions were affected; he needed someone to help him with even the most basic tasks. Sally had to drop out of high school and work odd jobs in order to care for her uncle. During those two years, Poseidon continued to visit for check-ups and was very attentive with Sally, going above and beyond what was expected of any doctor. They grew close, and soon enough Sally was pregnant with Percy. This would've been all fine and dandy, except Poseidon neglected to mention that he was already married to another woman. Mira [2], his wife, couldn't care less about her husband's extracurricular activities, so long as it didn't affect her precious image and their bank account. That was how the truth came out, actually: with Poseidon's reluctance to legally recognize Percy as his son. Any public record of him having an illegitimate child being found by the wrong person could lead to a PR nightmare. Poseidon insisted he did it for his patients. His field of work required patients to put their lives in his hands, and so they needed to trust him on all levels; therefore, if his name was going to be in the papers, it would be because of his medical prowess and not his personal life. Internally, Percy thought it was because he was as vain as his wife,