Percy Jackson and the Trident of Poseidon 1, 2, 3...Does this thing work ? Ok. Just making sure that I'm not on Santa's bad list and this thing explodes in front of me. Ahhhhh. Just kidding. Just making sure your alive and that Medusa didn't petrify you. Let's begin the story shall we ? Demigod Dreams stink. Demigods always had to suffer vivid andhorrible dreams. And I'm like: Can't demigods ever have a happily ever after? At Least in Dreams? But Noooooo. They couldn't be dreams. They had to be visions, omens, and stuff (bad stuff) happening in the real world, that makes my head feel as light as kelp. If you don't know me- My name is Percy Jackson. I'm a Modern Demigod- Half mortal, Half god. I try not to make the gods angry, and kill me, which seems to be my very greatest talent. I help the gods by doing Little stuff like, oh, killing monsters, Titans and saving Olympus. But the gods still wants to kill me even if I help them. Which I still don't understand. One time I had to say to them: Please don't kill me! I'm too precious to die! The gods showed my so much love that day that they didn't kill me. I love you too, Gods. Today (night, Duh) I had a Horrible Dream. I really thought it was only a dream. A regular dream . Not those Demigod Dreams . I mean Dreams that Demigods dream but that doesn't happen in real life. You know what I Dream. I mean, Mean .My dream was underwater. My Favorite place after Camp Half blood. Camp Half blood is a camp (obviously) Where Demigods train It's the only place on earth where we can live safely. Well, to tell you the truth, it's not exactly that safe ( but don't tell this to anyone), but at least the monsters can't enter camp and find a Hamburger with tomatoes, mayonnaise, onions, and of course, Percy as the meat. So this is the only place were monsters can kill us and all( Yeah right). So yes, my dream was underwater. I could see ruins. I was pretty sure it was my Father's Ruins. If you don't know my Father, My Father is Poseidon, God of the sea. They should also put him as the The God of Awesomeness. Since he is the most awesome god in existence. Anyway, I saw two beings. Now you might be thinking: How can you see People underwater so clearly? That's one of the cool things being Poseidon's kid. You can see everything underwater. And Clearly too. Just like regular seeing up in the surface. Anyway, One of the beings was Oceanus. That's where we got the Word Ocean. . From Oceanus. It had to be this is the Titan of the sea. Lucky him. It was Oceanus who almost destroyed my Father's Kingdom. He destroyed it almost completely. You see, there was a war. Oceanus vs. Poseidon. It almost looked like Oceanus was going to win, but my dad finally defeated him after a long time. He killed his entire army too. But sadly, his game room was destroyed, Which took like, 600 years. Older than your whole family history (Parents, Grand-parents etc.… Did I forget to mention Great, Great, Great, Great, Grand- Parents ?)I didn't know how he was alive. But that was the least of my worries. If you don't know how Oceanus looks like, Imagine him as a gigantic merman with horns of a bull. He's about…Put 30 feet tall and super ugly. I don't know why there are so many ugly titans. Probably because Gaea married an ugly guy named Uranus. He is also very ripped and muscular, which makes him even more ugly. You could even put him in Guinness book of world records: Ugliest Titan in the world (and there are many Titans). Anyway, we shouldn't be concentrating on how ugly is Oceanus since he isn't the only one underwater. And because he isn't the only ugly one too. The second being was… Hyperion. Man, I hate this Dude. This is the person I hate the most. Hyperion, Titan of the east, Lord of the Light. More like the lord of Bragging ( He brags a lot ; believe me). I didn't understand how Hyperion was breathing. Hyperion isn't a ocean god. I also didn't understand how he was alive. You see, there was a war in New York City in Manhattan. I used all my strength to defeat this guy. What sucks even more is that I didn't even kill him. It was because of Grover( my best friend) and the satyrs that he died. If it weren't for Grover and the satyrs… No I didn't want to think about it Especially when I could've lost to him. A thought immediately came to me as fast as a rocket( Are thoughts faster than rockets ?) . I had a bad feeling. A very bad feeling. Why were Oceanus and Hyperion together underwater? This was one of the weirdest… Friendships I have ever seen. The Lord of Light and The Titan of the sea Together? Hmmmm… It's a sign that both of them are weirdoes It's more believable that a dog and a cat become best friend (which would never happen). But These two? Something was going wrong here. Something very wrong. Did I also mention that 2 hamburgers with French fries in McDonalds cost only 1 dollar? Anyway, I willed the dream even closer so I could hear them. Yes, I can do stuff like that. Anyway, Oceanus said: " Now that we have his father, Perseus Jackson will come here and to rescue him! And when he comes we will kill him! Mother Earth will be pleased. " If you haven't noticed, my real name is Perseus . Named after one of the greatest Heroes in History. Except Perseus was a son of Zeus not Poseidon. Zeus always gets the good ones. Then I saw something… Something big behind Oceanus. And it looked like a cage. A big cage. I saw a figure inside the cage. And it was the best God in the world. My dad. Either I was blind, or this cage appeared a second ago. I didn't see this earlier. My Dad looked super old. I mean super old. My Dad looked about 100+ years old. Now since he's a god and can look like anything, my dad wouldn't do this. Gods don't tend to like Great, Great, Grandpas. Anyway, My dad had completely white hair, without a single black or gray hair. He also had a completely white beard. He had so many wrinkles on his face. I thought I'd never see my dad like this. Well, now I'm seeing it. Lucky me. The last thing I saw in my dream was looking at my dad. Looking at his Great, Great, Grandpa face. I woke up. And I saw sunshine. Is this really happening? It couldn't be real. It had to be fake . But no… It was real. It was happening. What I am going to do? Leave him to rot. My mind said. No, I can't let my dad get tortured. If you didn't know, My Dad, Poseidon, is Immortal. Yes, Immortal. The Gods of Greek Mythology are immortal. I have to save my father. And I was going to do it. But I had to talk to Chiron first. Chiron is my activities Director of Camp Half Blood. He is also a centaur: Half man, Half horse. He was one of the people I trusted most. I wanted to scream but I didn't cause that would sound too girly. I took a deep breath. I got off my bed. I took a shower and changed into my orange Camp Half Blood T-shirt and shorts. A horn sounded. It was time to eat. I didn't really feel like eating. My mind was still wondering what was I going to do . I put part of my food into the fire. This is what we have to do every day in the morning, afternoon, and evening. Put part of our food into the fire. People say is because the gods like the smell. Probably cause they like Barbecue. Well I don't really understand that. Cause the Olympian food is way better than mortal food. I you had to chose between Mortal and Olympian parties, I'd choose the Olympian. Cause they're way better than the mortal ones. What I didn't understand how could my dad me trapped. I mean, he's one of the most powerful gods. In fact, not to offend any of you Zeus fans, but Poseidon for me is the most powerful god. He should've been the King of the gods. Not that Upstart Zeus (Sorry, Zeus). After Breakfast I went to Annabeth. Since you don't know her, Annabeth is a demigod. (Duh! NO she's a god instead) She is a daughter of Athena, the goddess of wisdom. So now you know she's unbelievably smart. She's also the head counselor of the Athena cabin. And yeah, she is also the head architect of Olympus. She's also my girlfriend. And she's extremely cute. Wait a minute… what did I say? Forget that I said that. Ok? Personal favor. For some reason, I get nervous around her. Every time she frowns, or get angry, or sad, I'm like What the heck did I do this time?! Which is weird, since I've battled monsters and Titans with her and I'm not uncomfortable while were battling. So when I'm her boyfriend, I freak out every second she frowns or If I do something wrong (Or I think I did something wrong). But when it comes to life or death situations I don't freak out around her. Hmmm…That doesn't sound right. Does this make sense to you? Welcome to my world. Annabeth looked really good today. Annabeth looked amazing in her Camp half blood T-shirt and jeans. Her curly golden blonde hair seemed to suck in the light from the sun and made her hair look amazing and dazzling, like a princess. Her gray eyes were bright with amusement. Her…. Sorry I got a bit distracted. "Annabeth" I said. I ran towards her and hugged her. " "Seaweed Brain" Annabeth returned the hug and kissed me on the check. Seaweed Brain . That's the nickname she gives me. I don't know why she calls me that. I mean, my brain is not filled with seaweed. Or is it? Or maybe she calls me that to annoy me. She knows that I hate it when she calls me that. I heard a rumor that she calls me that not because I'm smart or bright, but because I act too stupid to many times. Is that true? Here's my answer: I dunno. "Seaweed Brain, is there a problem? " Annabeth said. She seemed to notice in my face that something was wrong. There it is again. Seaweed Brain. Honestly, I can't find a good insult to counter Seaweed Brain . I mean, Owl - head or Wise girl are lame insults. " I had this dream…" I said. My voice was choked with emotion. My voice could barely talk. I've been thinking so much about Annabeth that I almost forgot that my father is trapped. Annabeth took my hand and squeezed it. She held my hand the whole time (which I liked ) ,which made me more confident and easier to tell my dream. She looked at me in the eyes the whole time (Which I also liked too). I told her about that Hyperion and Oceanus trapped my dad. And that I need to save him. I mean he is my Father. I can't leave him to rot. When I finished, Annabeth said, " We have to talk to Chiron, Percy. " I nodded. I was glad that she wanted to help. Ok, I'll admit, I was unbelievably glad