A/N: Hey, guys! Before you start, I just want to clear one thing up. Hermione will be more confident and sarcastic in this fanfic. Sorry about that. I know it's a bit OOC; I just feel that it's necessary. I mean, having knowledge of the future would do that to a person, wouldn't it? Okay, I think that's it. Let me know, if you have any questions, complaints, or suggestions. Compliments are preferred, but criticism is always welcome (and will be analysed). Thank you :) Random note: I do not, by all means, am trying to imply that the idea of Hermione going back in time and starting all over is original (there are a lot of fanfictions that start this way). This story was inspired by all of the Hermione time-travel fics. In particular, I would like to thank the authors of Roundabout Destiny and the Thief of Time for inspiring me. If you guys haven't read them – do (although, the author of the Thief of Time stopped uploading in 2009, after 10 chapters). I've read the Thief of Time a couple of years ago, and the idea was really interesting (though I don't think Harry would ever sacrifice Hermione for selfish reasons, but maybe I misunderstood it). It was, after all, one of the first fics to take that direction. Moreover, it, most definitely, was the first story portraying Hermione as Lily's twin. However, Roundabout destiny was the story that inspired me to write one of my own. Seeing Hermione as a really strong character was refreshing. Originally, I wanted Hermione to travel back to Voldemort's time (which is the story that I will probably write afterwards), but I love Hermione/Sirius pairing too much. On the other note, the plot of this story IS my original idea, and I hope you will like it. Disclaimer: As much as I would love to, I do not own anything you recognise. Merlin's Box Chapter 1 – The Box She's been searching and preparing for ages. Three long years, if one cared enough to count. Hell, she couldn't even say the word 'research' anymore, it made her sick. Hmm, wasn't that ironic? Miss little know-it-all, the bookworm, fed up with her studies. Hermione would have laughed, if it wasn't so damn sad. She must have read all the books in the wizarding world, watched every single memory even remotely connected to Voldemort, and mastered both wandless and nonverbal magic (as well as every imaginable duel technique). Not to mention the physical training nightmare she had to go through. To sum up, Hermione was annoyed, irritated, tired, and completely exhausted. But she was close, so bloody close. Therefore, she refused to give up now, not when she finally knew and had everything needed to change this mess. There was only one thing left to do. Hermione said her goodbyes and focused on the three D's. The cottage looked just as it did three years ago – as if someone took it out of the muggle fairy tale and put it there. It was literally the house that Hermione imagined every time her mom read her a bed-time story with a witch in it. It simply screamed the word 'magic' at you. Then again, maybe Hermione just looked at it differently because she knew who used to live there. Of course, it wasn't like the current owner was any less.. intriguing . Ah, Mrs. Aurora Gamp. She held a lot of respect in Hermione's heart. After all, Aurora managed to give her much needed hope; even if it was done in the most unconventional way. Before Hermione had time to take a trip down the memory lane, the doors swung open, and, just like three years ago, Mrs. Gamp stepped out. She was wearing an emerald green gown that emphasised her red lips and abnormally curly blond hair. However, this time it was not irritation Hermione saw in those captivating green eyes, but rather recognition and excitement. "Ah, Hermione, long time no see! Please, do come in," Aurora greeted her. She led Hermione to the living room, where they settled on the couch in front of the fireplace. Hermione saw two cups of tea already waiting for them on the coffee table nearby. Impressive. She also noticed the way Aurora was eyeing her up and down. Hmm, maybe it wasn't such a great idea to drop by unannounced. She doesn't seem too happy about it. "Good afternoon, Mrs. Gamp. I apologize for not sending an owl in advance," Hermione started. "Oh, don't worry, Hermione, it's great to have you here," the woman waved her off. "But if I might add, you look rather tired. How are you, my child?" She added after a pause. There was an obvious concern in her eyes. Hell, I must look way worse than I thought. "I don't think you would like my honest answer, so I am just going to settle on 'fine'," Hermione answered with a sad smile. "And how are you today, Mrs. Gamp?" She added quickly. "I'm rather well, thank you, dear," Mrs. Gamp answered and Hermione was instantly reminded of Mrs. Weasley. "Now, am I right to assume that this is not a social visit and you're finally ready?" She put in. Was Hermione ready? She did not know. She thought about it a lot in the past few years. To be perfectly honest, how can you be ready to alter the history? How can you be ready to feel responsible for all of the changes? Though it couldn't get any worse, could it? Not likely . Then again, was 'not likely' enough? Was she prepared to risk everything for the possibility of a new and brighter future? Yes . The answer was rather obvious. It was the only answer, really. The alternative was simply not acceptable. Too many people have died for her to feel scared and cautious. She was ready. Seeing Hermione's nod, Aurora smiled brightly and exclaimed, "Let's go!" Hermione followed her. She couldn't help but laugh at the eagerness of the older witch. After all, she was just as excited. Terrified, of course, but excited nonetheless. This was it. This was where, hopefully, all of her hard work, tears, and pain would pay off. She has been waiting for this opportunity since the day Harry died. - Flashback - Harry Potter was killed. Five years after he defeated the darkest wizard to ever walk on this earth, Harry Potter was killed by the very same brainless idiot he once helped to save – Gregory Goyle. Apparently, Harry was walking down the Diagon alley with his heavily pregnant wife Ginevra, when, all of a sudden and seemingly out of nowhere, Goyle appeared and started shouting some nonsense about everything being Harry's fault, adding how he deserved to suffer as much as Goyle did (later on it was discovered, that Goyle's wife left him for a muggleborn wizard Justin Finch-Fletchey). He then shot the killing curse in Ginny's direction. However, before anyone had time to react, Harry jumped in front of his wife and took the hit. And that was it. That was the end of Harry Potter. Nobody could believe it. It just wasn't fair. How, for the sake of Merlin, could this have happened? How could Harry Potter, a.k.a. the boy-who-lived, the chosen one, the youngest head auror in the century, and the savior of the wizarding world, have been killed by Gregory Goyle, a.k.a. the guy who wasn't even capable of spelling his own surname? And during the time of peace… Ridiculous! But then again, it was understandable. Everyone knew that Harry would have sacrificed anything if it meant Ginny's safety, not to mention the safety of their son. And, as a head auror, he would have known that there was no other scenario in which Ginny would survive without harming the child. She couldn't just jump out of the way; she was seven months pregnant, after all. Harry's death changed everything. For some reason, the Death Eaters considered Harry to be the only reason they couldn't avenge their Dark Lord and gain the power once more. Therefore, when that obstacle was removed, they decided to try again. The next four years, were the worst England has ever seen. It was better when Voldemort was in power. At least his attacks were planned and targeted specific people. There was a possibility to stop them, before anyone was hurt. Plus, he was the leader of the dark side. That meant that with his death, all would end. And it did. But now… the only word to describe this was 'chaos'. Attacks were random. To be honest, they weren't even attacks. More often than not, Death Eaters were killing out of boredom. Consequently, people were killed for visiting the Diagon Alley at the wrong time. Nobody knew what was happening; they just knew to be ready at all times. But the worst of it all was that nobody knew how to stop it. It didn't matter how many Death Eaters were captured, they just kept going and slaughtering people. World was becoming a dark place where wizards would get scared of their own shadows. It wasn't great for the Death Eaters either. Not that many wizards on the 'light' side still played with stunning or disarming spells. New motto of the wizarding world was 'kill or be killed'. The saddest thing was that both sides just wanted for it all to end, but neither one of them wanted to give up. When Hermione wasn't fighting, she was trying to find something that could end this. She was thinking on the lines of some kind of mass-memory-alteration type of thing, or a way to capture all people with the same tattoos at once. Needless to say, she didn't have much luck. But she never gave up. Once she was done at Hogwarts, she continued in the Black family library. She didn't even care that most of the books there were as dark as it gets. If she found something useful, she would use it. Her moral compass broke a long time ago and she was pretty desperate. Despite her determination, she couldn't find anything of use. Most of the books were talking about torture or poisons of some sort. Nothing she couldn't find in the restricted section at Hogwarts. She was quite disappointed. All that was left were some legends, myths, and that sort of stuff. Not expecting much, she opened 'Magical Myths and Lost Treasures'. It was a long shot, but a shot nonetheless. The book discussed most of the real and mythical valuables with magical properties. It included descriptions of founders' relics, as well as some of the more practical devices, such as time-turners. Suddenly, her eyes focused on one particular page and it became hard to breathe. Was it what she thought it was? MERLIN'S BOX CREATOR : Merlin (allegedly). MAIN PURPOSE : Time travel and alteration of history. FIRST MENTION: A Story of a Young Muggle-Born Named Arthur (Geoffrey Pendragon, 1138). SIGNIFICANCE : Differently from other devices, Merlin's Box is thought to be the only mechanism capable of avoiding any and all time travel paradoxes. CONFIRMED USERS : None. SUSPECTED USERS : King Arthur, Edwin Malory, Baba Yaga, Pontus Telchine. SUSPECTED PROBLEMS : Only five boxes were made; the user can only use the device once; no possibility of coming back; time period travelled is, most likely, chosen by The Box; new identity is chosen by The Box; The Box is capable of refusing service, if it considers the user unworthy. EXPECTED LOCATION : According to the legend, "One has to go to the place where the finest student of the greatest four, has lost his heart to the woman on the other shore." DISCLAIMER : Provided information has not been confirmed, and is provided solely for learning purposes. Hermione was flabbergasted. She stayed on the couch, eyes still transfixed on the page, for what seemed