A/N: So this is the story that has been in my head for ages. I love a Tomione pairing. I feel like they could be either perfect adversaries or a true power couple given the right circumstances. Hopefully, I will be able to portray them as I see them in my mind. Anyway, I hope you enjoy the first chapter and I would also like to thank all the authors that write Tomione for inspiring me and for helping me, as well as others, to actually visualize the pairing. Ps. For those of you that read Merlin's Box (my other in-progress story): This story is quite similar, in terms that Hermione is thrown back in time (sort of) and that she starts at eleven and has a twin. In any other way, the storylines are different. The reason for the similarities is just that I want her to have a perfect cover and not need to explain where she came from. Plus, as I mentioned in the MB, it helps with the paradoxes. Lastly, I promise you that writing this doesn't affect the time spent on MB. Actually, it rather helps when I'm stuck. Pps. I would just like to warn some of you that Hermione in this fanfic will be technically a pureblood. I know some people hate when that happens. Disclaimer: I do not own anything you recognize. Chapter One- The Partial Reassignment Hermione Jean Granger, 1998 As I lay there, trying to fight Bellatrix's Crucio , I felt my life slipping away. This was it, wasn't it? I wanted to survive, I really did, but this was too much. I didn't think I could hold on for much longer. I heard Ron's voice, shouting for me, but it became more and more distant at each torturous second. Then I heard Bellatrix asking me about the sword. I lied. She knew I was lying, I could see it in her face. And yet, her posture visibly relaxed. She wanted to believe my lie. Why, though? Why was the sword so important to her? Was it the sword that was important? My mind was clearer now, I could think. There was something else in the vault. She took a break from torturing me. They wanted Griphook to confirm my lie. I prayed that he would. She seemed more relaxed now. As relaxed as Bellatrix could be. Maybe she realized that if we did get the sword from Gringotts, she would already know about it. But what sword was in Gringotts then? Must have been a copy. A good copy. She started torturing me again as I knew she would. Not with a Crucio this time; with a knife. It dug into my forearm. It hurt more than the unforgivable; must have been a cursed blade. I screamed louder than I ever have. Was she spelling something? Yes, she was. I knew the word. It has been shouted at me so many times by so many different people, especially Malfoy. Mudblood. Such a stupid term, it barely affected me anymore. So meaningless, pointless. I felt my head getting heavier and I knew I was going to pass out. What I didn't know was if this was the last thing I was ever going to see before I died. I opened my eyes. I was alive. I was still at the manor. I could see Harry and the others making their way towards me. Was that… Dobby? I was surrounded by chaos. Spells were going in every direction. I felt someone grab my arm. Ron. But something wasn't right. I should have not been awake; I should have been passed out. I didn't know how I knew it, but I did. I was standing up, not sure how I was able to do so. Ron looked at me; he was surprised for a second, but then helped me up. He said that we needed to get out of there. I knew that. Just as he was about to grab Dobby's arm and disapparate, my eyes locked with Bellatrix's. She let out a growl and threw her knife at me just as we disappeared. We've done it. I was beyond happy. We've actually got out. Why did it feel wrong? When we arrived I looked around. We were at a beach. Didn't Bill live near a beach? That must have been where we were. I heard Ron's scream and I turned my face to look at him. He was looking at me with a strange expression on his face. Shock, maybe? I looked down. Bellatrix's knife was in my stomach and I was bleeding. A lot. I fell down. I could barely feel anything; must have been the adrenaline rush. Ron said something and grabbed my bag. He was looking for something. Ah, yes, the healing salve; of course. "It won't help," I said, or rather whispered. "Don't say that!" He shouted and continued his search. "Ron," I let out a breath. It hurt to talk, it hurt to breathe. I knew I didn't have much time left. "It's a cursed blade, the salve won't do anything." "No!" He was getting angry now. "I can't lose you, 'Mione! I can't!" He shouted through tears. "We already got through so much, we can do this." I looked at him and I saw so many emotions in his eyes. We wasted so much time bickering and fighting these past few years. We could have been together. And now it was too late. The feeling of regret filled me up. I forced myself up a bit so I could close the distance between us and kiss him. I caught him by surprise so he didn't respond straight away. And then he did. We kissed for what seemed like eternity, but were probably just a few seconds. I didn't want it to end but all my strength was leaving me. So I stopped him and lay back. The adrenaline was leaving my system and the pain subsidized. I screamed. I felt my body shutting down. I was going to die any moment now. "Don't leave me, Hermione! Don't you dare leave me!" He cried. "I can't survive without you. We can't survive without you," he said and I think he was talking about Harry. Where was Harry? "Fight this, 'Mione. I know you're strong enough to live through this." Was I? I've been fighting for so long; I didn't think I had any strength left in me. We were so close to destroying Voldemort. So close to the happy ending. I knew they would win without me. They would be fine. The few regrets I had now were that I wouldn't be able to see the demise of that venomous, despicable creature and that I wouldn't be able to kill Bellatrix myself. I usually didn't wish death on people, but I really hoped that by the time this all ended, she would be in hell. I looked at Ron. I needed him to know what I found out. "Bellatrix. She has a horcrux in her vault," I whispered to Ron just before the pain consumed me. I hoped I was right. I knew he was saying something, but I could barely hear anything anymore. I saw someone apparate in the distance. It was Harry. He saw me and started running towards us. But he would not make it in time. He was my friend, my brother. He was always by my side when I needed him. I owed him a goodbye. But it was too late. As I drew what was probably my last breath, I saw my life flash before my eyes. My parents, Hogwarts, Harry, the Weasleys, Yule Ball, the Department of Mysteries, Dumbledore's funeral, Bill's wedding, the forest, Ron leaving, Ron coming back, the Snatchers, Bellatrix. I expected it to end there, but it didn't. It kept going, but it didn't make sense anymore. I saw a dragon in Gringotts, the Chamber of Secrets, the Room of Requirement, Molly killing Bellatrix, Voldemort's demise, my wedding to Ron and two beautiful children hugging me before they boarded the Hogwarts Express. I saw myself getting older, having grandchildren, laughing with Ron. Finally, I saw myself die. Peacefully; in my sleep. I didn't know what that was. Probably a delusion. I wanted to live. I wanted that life. I was only eighteen. I really did not want to die today. But I died anyway. I opened my eyes. The first thing I noticed was that I was lying on grass in some sort of a field. Wasn't I just on the beach? The second thing that grasped my attention was that I felt no pain whatsoever. Something was wrong. Where were Ron and Harry? I searched my mind for some clues and the realization hit me like a bag of bricks. I was dead. This was probably the afterlife or something along those lines. Surprisingly, I didn't go into shock. I still had a feeling that the whole situation was not quite right, but all that aside, I felt… Calm, I think. Content, sort of. I wondered what happened now. Was there any way to find out if Harry succeeded? How much time has passed? I stood up and tried searching for… I didn't know what I was looking for, but I had to do something. I glanced down for a second. I was wearing a white flowery dress. It felt weird, I didn't like dresses. I wanted my jeans back. Just as I finished the though, I felt the dress changing. When I looked down again, I was wearing jeans and a simple white t-shirt. Much better. It felt like I was in the Room of Requirement. That gave me an idea. "I want to know where I am and what has happened to me and my friends," I said out loud and wished for the best. "Hello, Hermione," I heard a musical female voice behind me and turned around. The field scenery dissolved at the same time and I found myself standing in my favourite Transfiguration classroom. The woman in front of me looked a bit like Luna, I concluded. She had pale skin, long silky blond hair and was wearing beautiful lavender colored robes. She was also giving me a very calculating look, as if I was a puzzle that she was trying really hard to solve. "Hello," I said finding my voice. "Where am I?" "Well, Hermione," she started and cocked her head to the side. "You are somewhere that you really should not be at this point in time." "What?" I questioned taken aback. "You were never supposed to die at that beach," she said calmly. "There was, let's just say, a small misunderstanding," she answered. I heard an angry snort and turned around to see an irritated looking girl sitting in one of the chairs. She was about ten or eleven, wearing what seemed to be very expensive vintage looking robes. "Who is that?" I questioned the woman. "Another misunderstanding," the woman answered. "A misunderstanding?!" The little girl shouted. "How dare you! Do you even know who I am?" "Was she not supposed to die too?" I turned away from the tantrum throwing child and looked at the Luna look-alike. "Oh no, she was supposed to die, alright," the woman answered. "Her path leads to an early death in every timeline." "Charming," the girl scoffed behind me, probably rolling her eyes. "What do you mean in every timeline?" I asked. "There are different magical timelines or realities all happening simultaneously, never meant to cross paths. In some of them good wins; in others it is the other way around. Thousands upon thousands of decisions influence the ultimate outcome. Once you die, your magic comes here and is reassigned to a differently conditioned reality. It helps it develop," she explained. "Your death is a big problem to us because you are what we call a 'game changer' in most of your