Get Your Southern On Contest Title: Brewing Storms Rating: M Fandom: Twilight Pairing: Jasper/Bella Summary: When a storm hits New Orleans, Jasper rushes from Texas with his brothers to find his Isa. Can he save her in time? Word Count: 4,762 Disclaimer/Warning: I do not own anything Twilight related, also may contain swearing and graphic scenes. Multi-POV Jasper POV Laughter fills the dining hall, bringing a smile to my lips. I've had the last week off of duty and if I have to admit I am a little more excited to return to work; no matter how much I enjoy spending time with my beautiful wife. I can't help but chuckle as the smell of chicken and all the sides cause my starving stomach to growl loudly. "Oh capt'n, my capt'n! How was your week away in bliss with that wife of yers, gonna share the details?" Peter calls over the voices of my unit's laughter once he catches sight of me in the doorway. I cast him a look before shaking my head, my smile growing as I did. "Careful now, that wife of mine happens to be your sister-in-law and very good friends with Lotte, wouldn't want to make a comment like last time and end up in the dog house again," I drawl out with a wince, having just got out of the doghouse a month ago because of him and his mouth making rude comments to my wife about our sex life. Oh, both Isa and Charlotte were not impressed and promptly kicked us to the couches. "Not to mention she's my baby sis, I don't wanna' hear anythin' 'bout their ten year anniversary. Though, I want to know whether I'll be called Uncle Emmett soon or not," Emmett chuckles out in his thick Tennessee accent while slapping me on the back as I take my regular seat by his side. "No, not yet, Em, not yet; in her words, she's only twenty-eight. Have you guys seen outside? Seems Houston is in for a downpour; guess no one's getting sleep tonight," I reply while gesturing out the window to the dark looming clouds and pouring down rain. Mind you, Houston needs rain, especially this time of year, but I am not looking forward to the car accidents, the downed power lines, and everything else rain entails. "The storm isn't supposed to last, it's going to bypass Houston, and this is just the edge of the cell, thank god," Ben sighs out in relief; the poor kid. He's just out of the academy and from all the updates I've received from Peter and the others, he's only done back burning and helped rescue a kitten stuck in between two concrete walls. "So, tell us, Captain, where is Isabella? Normally she comes in and delivers us baked goods. The boys and I have been dying for her chocolate chip cookies," Marcus asks from the head of our table. No matter how busy, tired, or stressed out he is, the Chief always makes time for the unit. Well, except on the nights he spends with his wife, Didyme. "Oh, she had to go to New Orleans for a week, she left yesterday. I'm going to miss my Darlin' and her food, but I'll be here working so it's best timing for the both of us. So ya'll will have to wait for her cookies, I get them first," I reply with a smirk before digging into the dinner that Peter so helpfully 'gathered for me'. I can't help but smirk at my brother as he sends me a glare and gets up to get another plate and seconds for himself; serves the asshole right. I am happy, though; Isabella, my darlin' wife, is treasured like all the women here. More so due to the fact she helps out around the station when she can, even after working a long shift at work. Though, in her words, the fire station crew are her family, family are always there, and she can't let them starve. This includes helping the wives with bake sales to raise money and other things; truly I don't know where she gets the energy. "I also need to thank her; she's been teaching my Leah and Ben's Angela how to cook with Rose and 'Lotte, of course. I'm glad to say tha' I don't have to worry about Lee-Lee burning the house down to boil water anymore. Your wife is a saint; how she has time to do this, I will never know," Paul manages to get out as he shovels more coleslaw in his mouth. In fact, he and Emmett are always eating, and myself along with a few others, well, nearly everyone don't know where they put it; they literally eat for an army. Everyone feels for their wives, or, well, in Paul's case, his fiancée. "Alright, enough. Eat your food; we need to get some sleep," I order with a chuckle before finishing off the rest of my now-cold dinner while listening to my unit banter about any random thing they can. I am lucky, though, that I ended up here with this family, my brothers. XxX The sound of the fire alarm bolts me awake, causing me to jump and fall to the floor, which is then followed by Emmett and Peter bursting into my room, gear already on. Dread churns in my stomach as I take in the fear-filled faces of my brothers, something that I have only seen very few times, and each time the news was never good. "You need to get ready; Marcus is flying us out with the helicopter in five minutes," Emmett rushes out a few seconds after they burst in, his eyes frantic as they scan the room, never resting on me. I feel my brows rise in curiosity as I jump to my feet and begin to pull my work gear on. "What, where…?" I trail off as Peter and Emmett share a look; it is a look that tells me I really, really don't want to know the news, too. Peter sighs before stepping forward and placing a comforting and slightly restraining hand on my shoulder. I know then that the news involves me; involves my Bella. "A category three hurricane just hit New Orleans, we're being dispatched to help and look for Bells while everyone else goes to other towns that were affected." I feel my knees give out, glad for a second as Peter catches me before I hit the floor which is followed very closely by dread. My wife, my Isa is in New Orleans and I know for a fact that where she is staying near the Bayou has no storm shelter due to the floods that come with it. We both researched it before she left, before she made the hotel bookings, and now for the life of me, I can't remember the name of the place. Adrenalin fuelled by fear kicks in, my feet rushing out the door with a mind of their own. "Fuck, I need to leave now!" I yell over my shoulder as I dodge the crew as I race through the frantic station. Normally, I would have to stay with them, this being my second year of captaincy, I have just gotten off probation of sorts and as the familiar whumpa-whumpa sound of the helicopter grows close I find myself unable to care if I lose my captaincy. But Marcus would stick up for me, I know, and it is a very big favor I am asking, but if it wasn't for me, his wife Didyme would be gone forever. I dive into the helicopter, Peter and Emmett following suit as quickly as they can. Not even before our harnesses are secured, Marcus is off the ground. I can feel him and my brothers staring at me, but I don't really care. My mind is focused on my wife, my Isa, and trying to remember her location; all I know and remember is that it's near the Bayou, but fuck, it's New Orleans. "She'll be okay, Jasper, Hells Bells is strong an' a very good EMT; she'll be okay," Emmett states over the coms while placing a hand on my shoulder in what is Emmett's way of comfort, but the words barely register as my eyes take in the swirling dark clouds before me, as the rain pours down upon the towns below. "I hope so…" I whisper back. I curse the helicopter I'm in for not going fast enough; though it is better than a five hour car drive then this little-over-an-hour trip, it seems like time is ticking by slowly. I'm coming, Bella. XBELLAX The first thing I realise when I wake up is water. Why is there water? I can't remember what happened but when I open my eyes and blink away the drowsiness to see the collapsed roof above me, I remember. I remember being out, admiring New Orleans in the rain, then I remember alarms? Alarms and screaming, and I remember running into a building and helping people along the way before wind… a lot of wind and cracks… before nothing. I can still hear and very much see the rain pouring down outside, filling the building with water. So far it is nearly up to my shoulders if I am standing. A hiss escapes my lips as I put pressure on my leg. Looking down, I see a gash in my calf that is easily 12 inches long. I let out a harsh sigh as I pull myself out of the water and begin to rip up my shirt for strips to bandage my leg, very glad I had decided to wear a singlet today under my shirt. Even though I am annoyed, I am slightly amused that it is my leg that got hurt, after all it was only a few days ago when Jas and I were complaining about why it was always the leg that got hurt during our horror slash sci-fi movie marathon. "Fuck!" I hiss out as I tie the strips tightly around my leg with the remaining shirt as a bandage. I know I will have to get it looked at soon, get it stitched and get shots before I get sepsis or blood poisoning. With a grunt I am able to pull myself up onto a fallen bit of wall and look around at the surrounding damage. I can see well into a few rooms that have been demolished by the storm along with the roof, and as much as I wish to leave, I have to find the people that might be in here. I am not the only one alone; I know that for sure there were people following me in. The water is brown, brownish-green, who knows, but I know it is because of the Bayou, and I hope to god that there aren't alligators in this godforsaken building. That would be my luck though, getting eaten by an alligator. No, don't think like that… don't overstress, Isa… swim… yes… move the branches… I shoot up with a gasp, water spluttering from my mouth as I emerge from the water, gasping heavily for breaths of air before I dive back down into the watery depths. I am aching, each kick of my leg burning, but I can't let it bother me. I have to find survivors; I have to check each room for anyone who is alive. At the slight pressure in my lungs, I begin to seek for air once more, instantly breathing in as my head breaks the surface, my hands flying out for anything to keep me from slipping back into the water. I begin to regulate my breathing, calming my heart as I do so, I need to keep calm; keeping calm is the important thing. "Mommy! Help!" a voice cries out, catching my attention immediately. I begin to search frantically as the cries