Get Your Southern On Contest Title: Smoke on the Water Fandom: Twilight – All Human Pairing: Edward/Bella Summary: Smoke on the Water is an annual barbeque and music festival held in a small Georgia town. It draws crowds from far and wide. Only this year, country star Bella Swan is gonna be the main act. What happens when a couple of good ole country boys win passes to meet her? Rating: M Word Count: 4410 EPOV "Edward! Edward!" My little brother Emmett comes rushing into the room hollering. "Slow down, buddy." I grab his arm when he gets close enough, trying to calm him a little. "What's got you so worked up?" He's vibrating on the spot. "Bella Swan's gonna be at Smoke on the Water!" he says, louder than he needs to. I gulp. "Are ya sure 'bout that?" I gotta make sure he knows what he's talking 'bout here. Can't get my hopes up for nothing. "Yeah, I heard it on the radio. I'mma try to win me a meet and greet with her." I gotta play this cool. "How ya gonna do that?" I ask him. "The radio. Every time they play a song by her, the twentieth person who calls in wins." He's smiling like he knows he's got this in the bag. "Well, don't get your hopes up too big, buddy. I don't wan' cha to be disappointed if you don't get to meet her," I try to caution him, although I'm hoping like crazy he wins this. As his guardian, I'd have to be let back there too, right? I'm a twenty-two year old GED recipient who has custody of his twelve year old brother 'cause our parents got caught up in the meth scene. Both our parents are doing time and, even when they get out and seem clean, it don't take no time for 'em to jump right back in. They seem to do okay for a little while, but before ya know it, bam , right back in trouble. The last time, I was over eighteen and had a job, so they gave me custody of Emmett and my parents lost all their rights. We live in the small Georgia town of Thomaston and I work at the local mill to keep the bills paid. It's a good life, nothing spectacular, but we get by okay. Emmett seems happy, so I must be doing something right. Bella Swan is the local girl who made it big. I didn't know her before then as she was a couple years behind me, but I sure know who she is now. Country star who writes her own stuff and has had her first album go platinum. I guess it's good that she's giving back. Smoke on the Water is an annual festival held 'round these parts and gets some great artists performing every year. It's always a good time, but man, the chance to meet her has me keyed up like nothing else. I'd be happier than a pig in shit if he could snag us a meet and greet. ~~~~~SOTW~~~~~ After a long work week, I make sure to go ahead and get our tickets. Just in case Emmett doesn't win the meet up. Either way we're gonna see her perform. I hear Barbeque Pit Masters is having a competition there this year. The event's held at Bickley's Lake every year and the place is packed with good music and good food. A big ole field with a catfish lake smack dab in the middle. Just as I'm finishing up paying bills online, Emmett comes rushing through the door. First thing I notice is the absence of hair on his head. Skinned down to the nub. I put my hand out to stop him from running on past me. "Whoa, hold up there, buddy. What the heck happened to ya hair?" "It's gettin' warm; I needed a new 'do," he answers with a shrug and continues to his room. I just shake my head. Kids these days. The next morning finds me in the yard cutting the grass when, all of a sudden, Emmett comes running out the house, screaming and flailing his arms in the air to get my attention. I cut off the mower so I can hear what's got him so out of sorts. "Edward, I won, I won!" He's panting from running and practically bouncing up and down in his excitement. I hope he won what I think he did. "What'd ya win, man?" I ask 'cause I gotta know of it's what I think it is. "The meet-up!" he all but screams to the whole neighborhood. I do a little internal fist pump, making sure my face stays schooled in a supportive expression. "Way to go, Em. So gimme the details of what ya won." I pretend I ain't happier than tick on a dog. After all, I still gotta be the cool big brother. He goes on to tell me that he won two passes for a private meet-up with Bella Swan after her performance and that she'll be autographing stuff for him to have, too. "I even get my own fifteen minutes with her!" He's over the moon in his excitement and I'm happy he's got something to look forward to. Chances like this don't come 'round often in a small town. Especially for people like us. "Sounds good, buddy. I got us the tickets already, figure we'll go both days and make a weekend of it." A huge smile breaks out over his face. I do the best I can with him, but it's gotta be hard, knowing your parents chose drugs over you. I gave up on 'em a long time ago, but I always hoped they'd figure it out one day and get clean for Emmett. So far it ain't happened. ~~~~~SOTW~~~~~ When the weekend finally arrives, Emmett comes in from school ready to go out the door right then. I barely made it in the door myself. "Hold up a min," I tell him while getting stuff out for a shower. "Give me five and I'll be ready." He pouts a sec before running off to get his things together. I hit the shower real fast and get dressed, calling out for Emmett to load up if he's going with me. He comes zooming past when I'm 'bout half way to the truck, a bandana tied 'round his head. I don't know what's up with his new look these days, but to each his own I reckon. We spend the evening listening to different bands light up the stage and trying so much barbeque I think I might be sick. All in all, we have a blast and plan on getting back here first thing tomorrow for another full day and to finally meet Bella Swan. Emmett prattles on the whole way home. No sooner than he's took a shower and kicked back on the couch do his eyes droop closed. I nudge him on to bed with promises of a full day tomorrow. It barely feels like I've closed my eyes when he's banging at the door rushing me outta the bed. "I'm gettin' up, just hold your horses," I call out to him. Slowly, I make my way into the kitchen to get the coffee pot started then run and jump in the shower while it percolates. As I wash, my morning woody makes his presence known as soon as I rub past him. I close my eyes. Maybe I needa take a minute and take care of that, since I'm gonna be meeting Bella today. And, with just the thought of her name, visions form behind my eyelids. I can't make 'em go away so I do the only thing I can. I squeeze out a little more soap, then take my dick in hand as I close my eyes again and let the visions flow. Base to tip. Her naked body is standing in front of me, water streaming in rivulets down her creamy skin. I reach out and guide her 'round, propping both hands on the opposite shower wall. I tease her slit, rubbing her moisture all over my fingers. Squeeze and pull. Lining up, I slide into her in one swift push. Buried to the hilt, I grab her hips and begin to move in earnest. Back and forth. Faster and harder. I pull and tug, tightening my grip as my eyes squeeze shut, keeping the image burning behind my lids. I grab her hips and slam into her over and over 'til she's panting and moaning. The sounds coming from her mouth drive me wild. Heat and wet surround me as my hand slides faster and faster. My legs start tingling and my balls draw up as I spurt all over the shower wall. Spent, I lean against the wall, willing the images to fade away. Like a bucket of ice water thrown over my head, reality crashes back in when Emmett starts banging on the door. "Yo, Edward. Come on man, coffee's ready. We gotta go!" "I hear ya, buddy. Comin'!" I jump out and get dressed, head to the kitchen for a cup of joe and out the door with a spring in my step and a small smirk on my face. Today's gonna be interesting. We arrive and park amongst the other hundreds of cars in a big ole field. This even draws thousands of people from counties all over. We plan once again to eat our weight in barbeque and check out all the bands. Then tonight, Bella finally takes the stage. After that, we get to meet her. I almost feel like Emmett. A twelve year old kid inside, jumping at the chance to get to talk to a pretty girl. And she is. Beautiful really. Legs as long as they come accentuated by the perfect round ass and tits a man can grab. All this is topped by long, mahogany hair and eyes like deep, dark chocolate. I follow as Emmett leads, seeing anything and everything he wants. I get joy watching him have fun and be a kid. And man, can he put away the food. We eat so much I feel like taking a nap halfway through the day. After many hours of running 'round checking everything out, it's finally time for the main event. Bella Swan in the flesh. Live before our very eyes. The crowd around her stage is insane. Thankfully, we get to go backstage and most of these other folks don't. Emmett and I stand a little further back than either of us wants, but no way am I risking him getting hurt with all these people squeezed around us. Bella's amazing. She's one of the few who sounds even better in person than on radio. As she sings her last song of the night, Emmett and I make our way backstage showing the passes we have. We're led to a little area with a few seats and told to wait there. After about fifteen minutes, Bella comes back. Her cheeks are flushed pink, and she's a little sweaty. She looks like she just had a good fucking. I'm begging my dick not to embarrass me and to stay down, but he wants to seek this girl out like she's water and he's a divining rod. She walks right up to us with a huge smile. "Hey, are you Emmett?" My brother just looks at her with his mouth hanging open as he nods. I don't blame him. I'm almost speechless myself. But I figure I better save him some humiliation. "Yeah, this is Emmett and I'm his brother Edward." She turns that blinding smile to me. "Nice to meet ya both. Thanks for comin' tonight." "It was our pleasure. We love your music. Emmett's a big fan." She looks at me from under those long lashes. "Only Emmett?" "No! No. Uh, I'm