Get Your Southern On Contest Title: Southern Star Fandom: Twilight – All Human Pairing: Edward Masen/Isabella Swan Summary: Edward Masen is searching for his next big star, when one of his current stars brings in someone new to meet. Upon hearing Bella sing, he knows he has to have her. Will he end up having her in more ways than one? Rating:M Word Count: 4959 Southern Star EPOV Moving to Tennessee was always what I wanted to do. The first time I recorded a song was in the same studio I now own and operate. After I got tired of touring and being onstage, I retired but took on producing. Of course, I still write songs, many of which are recorded by my own artists. I've had several big stars, but I'm due to make a break with someone new. Jasper, one of my best band guys, is coming in to see me this morning. He thinks he found a new star. I trust his judgment. He did discover my current chart topper. Alice—who the world knows as Allie-Mae—was my last big star to debut on my label and she's hot off a tour. According to Jasper on the phone, he found this girl, and she's from a small town in Washington. I'm in the studio listening to one of the biggest pain-in-my-ass singers. This particular pain-in-the-ass also happens to be my ex-fiancée. The sad thing is the general public seems to love her, which keeps the bitch tied to my ass. Once her contract is up, she can switch labels. I don't need her and don't want her brand of crazy anymore. I swear sometimes she just loves to be a thorn in my side. "Take it from the top, Angela," I say, speaking into the microphone so she can hear me inside the soundproof booth. "What do you mean, from the top? That was perfect and ya know it." I rub my face and push the button. "No, it wasn't. Your timin' was off, now start from the top." "My timin' wasn't off, asshole." "Take. It. From. The. Top," I demand, she sighs but puts her headset back on. "She's still soundin' a little off," Emmett says to me and I sigh rubbing my face as Angela wraps up the song. "Okay, I'm headin' to get somethin' to eat, see ya'll later," Angela says as she puts on her jacket. "We're not done yet!" I yell and she flips me off. "I've been here all day," she drawls out. I let out a few cuss words before pressing the button so she can hear me. "You've been here an hour and most of that's been spent complainin'." "See ya, bye," she retorts in her bitchy voice. I flop back in my seat as Angela walks out the door. "Not to be rude, but how in the Sam-Hell did you manage to put up with her ass for the past seven years?" I shrug a little. "She wasn't like this to begin with." Emmett raises one of his eyebrows at me. "Okay, she was demandin' and nasty – to what she called the lower people, but she was sweet most of the time when she was alone with me." Emmett keeps the eyebrow in place and I groan. "Fine ... she was only nice when we were out, and the paparazzi were around to see it, or she was off her rocker on the shit she took. I thought she was hot and I was young, stupid and followed what my so-called friends and management said instead of what my gut told me." "Uh huh, that sounds about like it," Emmett says with a sly grin. "Hi, y'all," Jasper drawls with a grin as Alice bounces into the room. "I had a blast, but I missed you two so much," Alice says hugging both Emmett and I at the same time in her tiny arms. Jasper clears his throat and Alice lets us go and walks back over to him. Once by Jasper, she pulls a small girl out from behind him. "Guys, this here is Bella. Bella, this is Edward Masen, the owner of Cullen Crooner's record label. That big guy there, he's the best ever sound engineer in the business, Emmett McCarthy." "Hey," she smiles as she bites her bottom lip and gives us a big wave. I look her up and down. She's small, almost as small as Alice, and we call her midget . The biggest difference I see between Alice and this girl is this girl's got more of a curvy figure. She's wearing a pair of those tight jeans the girls love to wear and this pretty white top. The top has most of the buttons undone, showing a blue, lace-trimmed shirt under it. Her long, brown hair curls and waves its way down her back to her tight jeans. She has a young face, almost heart shaped, and her bottom lip is full, maybe from biting it the way she's been doing. She's not wearing much makeup, if any at all. Her eyes, though almost take my breath away, those brown eyes tell a whole story of their own. "Hi," I say knowing that I have spent the last few minutes looking her over. But, in this business it's all about the whole package. In the industry today, seventy percent is looks and thirty percent is the voice, especially for women. It's shit I know, but where we can enhance a voice we struggle to make people look pretty. To be honest, a hot chick with a mediocre voice will get a contract before a great voice with an unattractive face and body will. "You don't look like the typical country and western-kind a girl." "I know ... but just listen to her," Jasper twangs. I take another look at Bella; she has the whole girl-next-door look about her. She looks as sweet as the tea in my glass. Her voice will need that extra edge if I'm going to take her on. "Okay, doll, show me whatcha got." Bella looks in the booth then back to me. "Can I use the piano?" I nod and she walks with Jasper into the booth. "You're gonna love her," Alice says. I watch Jasper move the piano into the right place and she takes a seat. "What song would like to hear?" Bella asks as she runs her fingers across the keys. "Just sing something that shows me what you can do." I watch her close her eyes and a soft melody starts to play. " You will notice me; I'll be leaving my mark like initials carved in an old oak tree. You wait and see." I sit forward and rest my chin on my hands, in awe of her cover of Lady Antebellum . " Maybe I'll write like Twain wrote. Maybe I'll paint like Van Gogh. Cure the common cold, I don't know but I'm ready start cause I know in my heart." I feel my heart beating faster as her voice pulls me into her world, her feelings. You can hear her soul in each of the words she sings. I have no doubt this girl will make a mark on the country music industry. "She's fucking amazing," Emmett says sitting back from the control panel. I grin as the music comes to an end, I press the microphone button. "Bella, can we do that again?" She nods and I tap Emmett silently telling him that he should record it. I close my eyes as I listen, knowing this needs something more. "Jasper, come with me," I say getting up. "Seth, James," I yell as I walk to the door. "Yoyo," James says with some cockiness. "I need you on drums, Seth – bass, Jasper – guitar." I open the door and Bella looks at me and then to the others. "This is James and Seth and you know Jasper, they're gonna be your backup band. Play the same song, same way, so they can hear it and we'll do it again after that with them playin', too." Bella plays the song again letting them hear it, and then I leave them heading back into the booth. I hold up my hand and give them a silent five count, dropping one finger at a time and then point at them to start. The smile on my face is wide, and Emmett's face matches mine. This girl is good, really good. I have her play and sing a few more songs with the guys, and Emmett records them all. "Damn, Edward, she would've had that last song on one take, if this was the real deal." "I know," I say and my stomach growls. "I'm gonna order something in to eat." I look to my watch seeing it's now almost five in the evening. We have been at this for almost five hours, which is four more than Angela put in today. "Oh, and you should get her a contract," Alice says. I pale knowing that I've done a shitload of work for a girl that's not even on my books yet . "Okay, that's a wrap. James, Seth, I doubt the dragon will be back so you can head out." They both chuckle as they walk out, but I know if they didn't get the money they get for playing for Angela, they'd have walked long ago. "Let's head to my office," I say to the others, walking out of the booth. As Alice and Bella chat I get to work on Bella's contract. "Full name?" I ask not taking my eyes off the computer screen. "Isabella Marie Swan." "Date of birth?" "September 13, 1995." I look up at her in shock, she's just turned nineteen. "Parents?" I ask looking back at my screen. "Renee Swan, she passed away, five years ago. Charlie Swan, my father died six months ago." I give her a sad smile as I can hear the pain in her voice. "Address?" "The Blue Moon Motel," Bella says questioningly while looking at Jasper who nods. "What?" I ask looking up. "Well, I sold my home just before I met Alice and Jasper." I keep looking at her needing her to tell me more. "Well, I had always lived in a small town. My dad was Chief of Police, so traveling was always few and far between. I want to see America, so I set out on a grand journey." I sigh and nod at her. "Well, doll, you can't stay at the Blue Moon Motel," I say rubbing my face. "I asked her to stay with me," Alice says. "No disrespect, Alice, but you got a baby on the way, and it was bad enough being in the room next to you two at the motel last night." "What?" I manage to get out. "We stayed over at the same motel, Edward. It was a twenty-hour drive home from where we met her and she gets carsick," Alice says rolling her eyes. "Yeah, not that. The thing she said before the motel." "No disrespect, um, that's the way normal people say things if they know they're gonna say somethin' that could hurt someone else's feel-bads." I shake my head again. "The baby?" "Yes, Edward, Jasper and I are gonna have a baby." I leap off my seat hugging Alice, knowing she and Jasper have been trying for almost two years. "You can stay in my guest house, Bella," I say knowing that she really can't be staying in a motel. I get the contract done, and Bella signs it after reading it over while eating dinner. At the end of the night, I take her to her motel room to check out and get her belongings before we head to my place. It has been four months since Jasper and Alice brought Bella to me. I have been using that time to work on her image.