Title: The Trouble with Coming Home Fandom: Twilight Pairing: Edward and Bella Summary: When fate stepped in and changed Bella's life, she hid from the pain. What happens when she has to face that pain? Does she find more trouble coming home or will she find forever? Rating: M (language) Word Count: 4,091 The Trouble with Coming Home Thank you for flying Southwest Airlines. Welcome to New Orleans. Laissez les bon temps rouler Bella stood from her seat and stretched. The two and a half hour flight had turned into four hours, due to a delay in Dallas. Something about mechanical issues, but who knew? She followed the other passengers as they exited the plane, and instantly removed her sweater as she entered the airport. She definitely hadn't missed the humidity. Why did it have to be so frazzling hot? Hey, what did she expect in the middle of June? It had been six years since she stepped foot in the great state of Louisiana—six years spent hiding in Phoenix. When her world seemed to implode around her, she had called her aunt and asked if she could come there. Of course, Aunt Charlotte and Uncle Peter had welcomed her with open arms. She had settled in and attended college, received a degree in education and proudly taught the third grade. To anyone looking in, her life seemed perfect. However, that was far from the truth. Perfection, yes once she had had perfection. The love of her life, a scholarship to her mom's alma mater, and a future planned out to the white picket fence. A future that ended before it could begin. One night had changed her life. It had changed so much that she hadn't even recognize herself in the mirror each morning. She was a shell of her former self, and she really didn't know hope to get everything back on track. She really didn't have anyone to blame but herself, and it was easy to do so. Why not? Her mother blamed her for every evil in the world from the fact that it rained last Tuesday to the big bang. It was all Bella fault. Plain and simple. Bella wished she could feel like it wasn't the truth, but at every turn she had always known she was never good enough. She really couldn't believe she was here. The only reason she was here was her love for her brother. He was getting married, and she wouldn't miss it for the world. She just hoped he knew how much she loved him. Thinking of her brother always brought a smile to her face. He was the best brother a girl could ask for. He was her world growing up. They did everything together, and even though she was four years younger he never complained when she tagged along. Now he was truly her hero. He had spent ten years in the Air Force that had sent him to pits of hell. Their parents had been scared to death when he announced he had enlisted. He had spoken so passionately about the need to protect our country and our freedom. Bella had prayed everyday he was gone. Her mother had always blamed her for not talking him out of going. She thought that Bella should have been able to change his mind. Her brother could never know just how horribly their mother treated her. Hell, their father didn't even know. Her brother's last tour had been the worst. His squadron had been sent into the hot zone and had been ambushed. They lost three men and four had been injured. The phone call had come in the middle the night and scared the hell out of her. The only thing she really remembered hearing her father were the words bruised but alive. She had wanted to see him as soon as he was stateside but she couldn't make herself come home. "Bella." Her name being called brought her out of her memories. She looked up to the see her brother walking towards her. She took in his appearance. His hair was still short and his body still held rigid, and he was still as handsome as ever. Tears flooded her eyes. She had missed him so much. He wrapped her in a hug so tight she could hardly breathe. "Jasper," was all she could say before the tears started to flow. "Hey, now none of that. We're gonna have a hell-of-a time this weekend. I'm so glad you're here, sis. You have no idea what this means to me and Alice," he said, his voice thick with emotion. "Wouldn't be anywhere else." Bella smiled. "So has Alice driven you bat shit crazy yet?" she joked. "No, not yet, but we still have a few days. No, seriously I have to thank God for Esme and Rose. They have been running around like chickens with their heads cut off," he chuckled as they made their way through the airport. Bella stiffened at the mention of Esme and Rose. Esme was his mother and Rose was his sister-in-law. You see her brother was marrying HIS sister. He was the one who got away. She could even say his name. It just hurt too damn bad. Jasper hadn't notice her reaction. He was rambling on about everything Alice had wanted for the ceremony. Even with his rambling Bella could hear the absolute devotion he had to Alice, the same type that Bella had once. She had been on the cusp of having it forever, and she had thrown it away. As they reached the exit, Bella wanted to ask the one question floating through her mind. They had an hour drive ahead and she knew she couldn't last that long. When they reached the car, she turned and faced her brother. He looked so happy, so in love and she couldn't stand the thought of hurting him. She knew the position she was putting him in, and it decimated her already shattered heart. "Jasper," she whispered. As their eyes met, a new round of tears formed and spilled down her cheeks. Sadness and acceptance were evident in his gaze. "He won't be here until Friday," he answered her unspoken questions. Bella nodded and opened the door. She could breathe a little easier for just a few more days. Hopefully she could muster the courage to face him. It would be the hardest thing she had ever done, but for Jasper she would do anything. Even if it was what finally broke her. As they wove through traffic, silence filled the car. Once they reached the causeway, Jasper finally spoke. "You ever gonna tell me what happened between you two?" "Nothing to tell. We just didn't make it." She shrugged hoping she could convince them both. One glance at her brother and she knew she had failed. "I call bullshit, Bella. You've loved the man from the moment you laid eyes on him twelve years ago. Everything was fine until your graduation. Don't play me for an idiot. What happened?" his voice demanded the truth. Taking a deep breath, Bella began, "I wasn't worth it. I've never been good enough for him. He deserves someone that belongs by his side, and that's just not me. I never fit in at all those parties Esme threw. I just embarrassed him and he was just too nice to tell me the truth. It was bound to happen." Bella finished on a whisper. Jasper's fists clenched around the steering wheel, while his heart was ripping in two. The certainty in her voice proved to him that she believed everything she had just said. That thought alone was killing him. What had happened to the bubbly young girl he had left when he entered the military? Who had done this to her? He had to do something to change her mind. "Bella, you can't honestly believe that shit, can you?" he began. "I mean anyone would be a damn lucky to have you as their girl. He is a fool if he told you that and after the pictures are taken I'll make sure he knows just that. No one treats my baby sister that way and gets away with it, brother-in-law or not," Jasper spat through gritted teeth. "Jasper, NO!" Bella pleaded. "We just didn't work out. Can't you leave it at that?" she begged. "No, dammit, I can't. You haven't been home in six years. Hell, I'm sure the only reason you're here now is for me. Just as selfless as always. You deserve better than someone making you feel this way about yourself. Maybe seeing him will help you move on. Get some closure," Jasper argued. Bella just shook her head. Jasper just didn't get it. It wasn't him who made her feel this way. She sat quietly as they reached Mandeville. There was only another half hour to Bogalusa and the closer they got the harder it seemed to breathe. She felt the air being pushed out of her lungs. Suddenly she needed to get out of the car. "Pull over," she gasped. Jasper barely hit the side of the road before Bella was out of the car and throwing up the meager contents of her stomach. It was too much. It hurt too badly. She could feel Jasper pull her hear back and rub her back. "Shh, Shh, Bella, it's okay. We'll figure it out," Jasper tried to soothe her. "Jasper," she cried. "What if I was wrong? What if I ruined everything because I didn't take time to find out the truth?" She knew she had screwed up. She had never even asked him if it was true. She just took the information she was given and made decisions that had ruined their plans. "You gotta talk to him, Bella. Maybe it's not too late. You will never know, never heal until you know for sure," Jasper tried to ease her mind. Once she was sure nothing else was coming up, they got back on the road. Twenty minutes later the smell of home greeted her. The paper mill was the largest employer in this small town. Her father himself now worked there as head of security. He had retired and chief of police a few years back. Bella looked around as they drove to their parent's house. She realized that even though so much had changed everything still seemed the same. They passed so many placed that held memories, good and bad. They passed the elementary school they both had attended. Their mother was a teacher there to this day. They passed their grandparents house. Memories of her grandmother teaching her to cook and quilt, and her grandfather's stories. Oh, how she missed them. When they reached the park, she couldn't help but smile. That park was where it had all started. She had met him in that park. He was on Jasper's football team. He went to the catholic school in town, so she had never seen him before. The moment their eyes had met she had been lost. She knew she would love him forever. Funny how naïve you can be at twelve. The years went by with them only seeing each other at football practice and games. They were friends and got along really well. Then things changed when Bella got to high school, they were at the same school. They started dating. Things were amazing. Jasper and Alice were seniors. He was a sophomore and Bella was a freshman. Double dates and weekend adventures kept them busy and close. Those were the good times. Then Jasper joined the military, and left Bella alone. Things changed and not for the good. The car stopping brought Bella back to the present. She was home and that fact alone scared her. She had to face what she had done and the one person she could never please. Bella watched as the front door open, and her