Contest Entry for the Get Your Southern On Contest Title: Southern Heat and Sexy Smirks Rating: M Fandom: Twilight Pairing: Edward and Bella Summary: Bella Swan moves to the Magnolia State with her young daughter for a fresh start after her abusive marriage ends. After a brutal day in court and the stifling Mississippi heat, the last thing she needs is a broken down car. Enter Edward Cullen, the sexy, cocky owner of Cullen's Auto Clinic as the man that turns up the intensity tenfold when he comes to her rescue. Can Bella open her heart to Edward and allow him to show her the true meaning of Southern Hospitality? Word Count (excluding the heading and summary): 4230 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. BPOV "Arianna? Baby wake up. We're here darlin'." I unbuckled the car seat as my sleepy little girl opened her brown eyes and tried to focus on the new surroundings. "Mommy, I want juice." I smiled and handed her the sippy cup I had in the ice chest. As she drank, I sent up a silent prayer that we would be ok here. Starting over wasn't going to be easy, but I had no choice. My little girl and I had to get away from him. He would hurt us. Badly. Brady and I met in high school back in Texas. I was a junior while he was a senior and quarterback of the football team. The small town we lived in was almost the Mecca of high school football and Brady Fuller was the town's favorite son. He was of Native American descent and so amazingly handsome. I was in love at first sight. He attended a junior college while I completed high school. After graduation we moved to Biloxi and got married. Soon after we were married, Arianna Marie Fuller was born. While it was difficult to be a new mother and attend nursing school, I did it. I graduated with honors as a Pediatric Nurse. Brady and I began to grow apart after I started my first job. He wasn't having any luck getting a full time job after he graduated with a degree in Environmental Engineering and it started to wear him down. He began to drink more and more and one night, when Ari was eighteen months old, he hit me for the first time. The abuse only escalated and, coupled with emotional abuse, I knew I had to get out of there. I would never let him hurt Ari and I knew it was only a matter of time before he moved on to her. So, I filed for divorce, packed up my little girl and moved to Brandon, a couple hours away from Biloxi and out of Brady's life. I was lucky enough to get a job at Blair E. Batson Hospital for Children in Jackson. We found a small, affordable house in Brandon that was perfect for the two of us. Once the deposit had been made, I shipped our things ahead of time and hired a company to come in and unpack for me. My divorce would be final very soon and I hoped that life here in Brandon would be happy for my daughter and me. After Ari finished her juice, I picked her up out of her car seat and set her on the ground beside me while I got our travel bags out of the car. When we entered the house I was pleasantly surprised. It was beautiful and the company that unpacked us had done an incredible job. The cost of hiring them was a bit steep, but I was so happy I had done it. I was going to start my job the very next day and not having to unpack saved me so much time. I had also been lucky enough to be able to secure daycare for Ari while I worked. The hospital ran a daycare for children of staff members so I would be bringing her to work with me every day. That night as I lay in bed, I sent up a small prayer that I had made the right decision for my daughter and me. Starting over in a new place was going to be hard, but with a little luck from above, I knew we would be ok. We had been in Brandon for two weeks when the day of my final court date arrived. One of the girls I worked with, Angela, had agreed to keep Ari for the day while I went to Jackson for court. I was a little apprehensive about my car even making it to Jackson and back. It had been giving me some trouble recently and I hadn't had a chance to get it looked at. It had been overheating quite a bit, and being the end of July in Mississippi with crazy Jackson traffic, I had reason to worry. I arrived at the Hinds County Courthouse a little before eight. As soon as I stepped out of the car I looked up directly into my soon to be ex-husband's eyes. He never said a word and only smirked before his lawyer led him away. I knew what he was doing. He was trying to scare me. What Brady failed to realize was that I was no longer the little girl he married. Leaving him was the best thing I had ever done and it helped me become the strong, no nonsense woman I was today. My lawyer arrived and led me into the courthouse where we took our seat across from Brady and his lawyer. Soon enough the judge took his seat and began the proceedings that would free me from my marriage. "Good morning everyone. I am Judge Crowley and we're here today to finalize the divorce between Brady Michael Fuller and Isabella Marie Swan-Fuller. We will also be determining and settling a custody arrangement for the minor child, Arianna Marie Fuller." "Your honor, May I approach the bench?" Brady's lawyer addressed the judge. "Certainly Mr. Newton. Mr. Uley, would you approach the bench as well?" I looked at Sam with great concern. This wasn't something we had discussed and I wondered what Brady had up his sleeve. "Your honor, my client, Mr. Fuller wishes to sign over his parental rights to the child. He does not wish to be held responsible for child support and wishes to default to Mrs. Fuller." "Mrs. Fuller has not agreed to this your honor. May I have a short recess to discuss this with my client?" "I believe that to be a good idea. We will resume in thirty minutes." Sam came back to the table and informed me that Brady didn't want Arianna. At all. He was signing his rights away. What kind of man does that? Why would he give up his own child? Several hours later, the divorce was granted and would be final in thirty days. Arianna was mine and mine alone. Even though my heart broke for her, I couldn't help but feel relieved. Brady had become a nasty person and I didn't want my daughter exposed to that. I would do anything and go to any lengths to protect her. I made it nearly ten miles outside of Jackson when it happened. I heard the engine noises and a moment later the puff of steam from under my hood confirmed my worst fears. Pulling over to the side of the road, I dialed for roadside assistance. Fuck. Could this day get any worse? EPOV I knew as soon as I opened my eyes this morning that it was going to be a shitty day. Jacob fucking Black confirmed it. The son of a bitch quit on me with no notice, in the middle of the summer when we were already down two mechanics. This left me, myself, and I running the entire garage and wrecker service alone . Since I was a little boy working alongside my Papaw Cullen, I dreamed of owning my own garage. With a little help from Mama and Daddy I was able to achieve that goal last year. Cullen's Auto Clinic was doing very good business and had put Crooked Creek on the map. We were one of Mississippi's finest auto repair shops and people often came from miles away to have us fix their cars. And that brings me to today. I am currently on my way to help a lady who called in to AAA because her car overheated just outside of my town. I felt sorry for the lady as it was fucking hot as hell already and it wasn't even noon. When I rounded the bend I saw the car on the side of the road and the best looking ass I had seen around here since Moby Dick was minnow. She was bent at the waist and looked to be putting her hair in a ponytail. When she stood up to her full height and flipped her head back I nearly ran off the road. I was a sucker for brunettes. Just as I pulled up alongside her vehicle she took a fucking bottle of water and dumped it down the front of her silky shirt. Her silky white shirt. Her silky, white shirt that covered the very thin white bra underneath it. And let me tell you, that water must have been cold because her delicious looking nipples were begging for my tongue and I was not opposed to giving them exactly what they wanted. Fuck, how long had it been since I got laid? I pulled over in front of her car and got out, adjusting my hard as hell cock in the process. I caught a slight smirk on her gorgeous face so I knew she liked what she saw. Since it was so hot, I unzipped my coveralls, letting them hang low on my hips and leaving my wife beater t shirt visible. "Well well well, what can I do for you today, Sugar?" I winked at her as I approached. "Oh, I don't know Sweetcheeks, what can you do?" You wanna play darlin'? "Oh honey, the things I could do for you would get me arrested in this state." "Just get my fucking car on that wrecker Pretty Boy." Ooh feisty. I liked her already . "Yes ma'am." I gave her another quick eye fuck and took a look under her hood. Immediately I noticed the problem. She had blown a head gasket. When I looked up, Sassy Pants was leaning over the hood on the side with her arms tucked around her torso, which pushed her wet tits front and center. I got momentarily distracted and stood up a little too fast, banging my head on the fucking hood of the car. This earned me a smirk from Sassy Pants. "Well Captain Erection, what's the verdict?" I was stunned by the fact that she knew I was indeed hard as a fucking rock. I couldn't let her get the best of me though. Edward Cullen just does not get embarrassed or one upped. "I knew you were looking, Shortcake." I said with a wink. "You have a blown head gasket. I'll need to get that motor apart to make sure there's no more damage." "Fucking perfect. Like I fucking have time for this shit. What a goddamned perfect day." She began to pace furiously back and forth beside the car. I was thoroughly enjoying the show. It was all ass, then wet tits, and then back to ass, then some more wet tits. But this show was doing nothing for the situation in my coveralls. The next thing I knew she began to mutter out loud. "First fucking Brady shows just how much of a douche he really is, then my damn car breaks down and I have to deal with Mr. Sex in Coveralls and all his sexual