Title: Her First Job or Virginia is for Lovers Fandom: Twilight Pairing: Bella/Edward Summary: Bella works for a wealthy CEO, Edward Cullen, but her first job isn't what she wanted to be when she grew up. Rating: M Word Count: 3275 Disclaimer: I don't own the show, if I did it would have more lemons :). Her First Job or Virginia is for Lovers Quite a few American writers had pretty odd jobs before they became famous. Bella, as an aspiring writer herself, found it comforting. For instance, Stephen King was a janitor at a high school; William S. Burroughswas employed as an exterminator in Chicago; virginal John D'Agataworked in a condom shop . And innocent Bella Swan worked at Cullen Toys. When she was growing up, she always knew what she wanted to be. She wanted to be a writer or at least work at a publishing house, the very least - a librarian. Never in a million years would she have imagined that she would end up across the country, in Virginia, working as an administrative assistant to the Executive Assistant to the CEO of a company. Her boss, Rosalie Hale, was a first class bitch. Everybody in the company was afraid of her. Some people even called her a vampire. The only way to get on her good side was to get pregnant. Rose had a soft spot for pregnant women and loved to go to baby showers. For some reason, the birth rate in the company was higher than the national average. Miss Hale barely tolerated Bella as a person, but acknowledged her hard work and dedication. However, she did underestimate Bella's abilities. Bella was usually done with her assignments in no time, which left her plenty of time for her hobby - writing fan fiction. The CEO of the company and founder was Edward Cullen. Mr. Cullen was a hard-core philanthropist. He was also the president and founder of a non-profit organization located in DC. The media called him the CEO of Sex. He was young, wealthy, dashing and Dartmouth educated. He was also ill-tempered and rumored to be a Dom. Bella started working at Cullen Toys six months ago. She was a small town girl and for her, moving across the country was exciting and frightening at the same time. How did she end up here? That was a story of its own. Bella was a recent college graduate. Looking back, she wished she had chosen a more profitable major than British Literature. She also graduated at the worst possible time during the recession, having to compete for entry level jobs with people carrying Masters Degrees and even PhDs. Three unpaid internships later and she found herself back at Forks, WA, moving in with her father, Charlie. She had student loans to pay back, so she was pretty desperate. She worked at a local diner on weekdays and in a sporting goods store on the weekends. One day she was delivering food to Charlie, who worked at the police station, when she was approached by one of the female officers, who handed her an invitation and winked at her. The card read - Spicy Tupperware Party. Normally Bella didn't go to such parties, but she did need some Tupperware, so she accepted the invitation. Since the theme of the party was spicy, she decided to bring a dish of chili with her. She parked her red truck in front of the cute farm house and went in, holding the dish. The living room was full of women from eighteen to eighty. Everybody was chatting and giggling. Apparently Tupperware parties were popular in Forks. There were brownies, sliced fruit and apple pie sitting on the main table, but nothing spicy. Strange! Bella looked around and saw a folding table full of lotions and oils. Hmm, maybe it was a combined party for something like Avon. The second table contained lacy underwear. Perhaps it was a vendor fair. The third table contained some metal balls with strings and other oval shaped devices, the usage of which was unknown to her. When her gaze moved to the fourth table, she dropped the dish on the floor. There, on the fourth table, were replicas of penises. Some of them looked pretty realistic -not that she had seen one live, some of them were purple and looked like alien penises -she hadn't seen one of those either, some of them had weird attachments. This was a Tupperware party with a twist! Bella was blushing profusely trying to clean the chili from the floor. Later, she blushed even more when older women were cracking jokes about who would inherit their sex toys when they died. There was also a raffle and Bella won her first sex toy. The consultant, after discovering Bella's employment situation, tried to recruit Bella to work for her, but dropped the subject after she found out how little experience Bella had. Bella went home with her new toy. After some hesitation and internet research, she decided to give it a try. She got into the shower and after some fumbling, figured out what to do. All these years she had been missing out on some fun! The pleasure was building; she started moaning, until she heard loud pounding on the bathroom door. "Bells, are you okay? Did you fall? Are you hurt? Let me get a screwdriver. I can take the door off." Charlie had come home from work early and was concerned when he heard noises from the bathroom. Bella was mortified and didn't try to repeat the experience for quite a while after that. Long story short, apparently, the consultant took to Bella. She called Bella weeks later about a position opening at Cullen Toys. She knew somebody in the HR department, who would help Bella's resume to make the first cut. Not having much of a choice, Bella applied. A couple of weeks later, she had a successful phone interview, then the company flew her to the East Coast for an in person interview. Bella always carried a torch for antebellum architecture and everything southern. As a little girl, she desired to live somewhere in Georgia, in a plantation house with white tall columns, married to a Southern gentleman. Her childhood dream was sort of coming true. She was going to Virginia, a southern state. She was wondering if her favorite heroine, Scarlett O'Hara, would have accepted such a job offer, if she had lived in the 21st century. Probably she would, if she was in Bella's situation. Virginia is for Lovers – Live Passionately. That was the first thing Bella saw when she landed at Reagan Airport. Right there and then she decided to take a risk and start living life passionately. She decided to live out her passions for writing, history, culture, music and all the little things that make life meaningful. In spite of her puritanical upbringing, it made it easier to accept the job offer, which she received a couple days later. On the surface, the office of Cullen Toys looked like any other office building. There were charts and graphs hanging on the walls. There were a lot of windows, plants in containers and a fountain in the lobby. There was also a strict dress code in the company, so everybody was dressed conservatively. The only thing that gave away the nature of the company was the fact that alongside family pictures standing on the desks, you could see the company's merchandise. Also on the reception desk, instead of your usual bowl full of candy and lollipops, there was a bowl full of shiny colorful foils. The company took protection seriously. Not at all what Bella expected. She had expected it to be something like a dark dungeon, with male employees wearing gold chains and leather jackets and women wearing miniskirts and thigh high boots. After getting the job Bella returned home. She packed her meagre belongings, including BOB the battery operated boyfriend, and moved across the country to Virginia. "I am proud of you, Bella." Charlie said before she left. He believed that his daughter was starting to work for a toy company, not unlike Toys "R" Us. If only he knew! He offered her more words of wisdom. It was the longest speech that Charlie ever delivered. "I know it might be an entry level job, but lots of people started at the bottom, just look at me. I was just an intern when I started at the station and now I am the Chief of Police. Starting at the bottom builds character. With hard work and dedication an opportunity to distinguish yourself will arise." And Bella did 'distinguish' herself right away. Bella's first week at Cullen Toys was awkward. One day she was supposed to help prepare the conference room for a meeting and take notes during it. When she entered the conference room, she saw Emmett chasing Jasper around the table with a flogger. Jasper and Emmett were second and third in command at Cullen Toys, not counting Miss Hale. There was a sort of bromance going on between them. There were even rumors that they were gay, though not confirmed. Later, Bella found out that Emmett was secretly pinning for Miss Hale, but she never showed him the time of the day. Emmett would flirting with anyone who wore a skirt, including the sixty years old cleaning lady and a cross dresser who worked there. Emmett could not help it. Who Jasper was pinning for was a mystery. He always had a sad, longing look. Either way, they were chasing each other all over the conference room laughing, without noticing Bella, when the door opened and she saw Him . The man of her dreams. Mr. Perfect. Mr. Cullen. "Emmett! Jasper! Stop this circus! You are thirty, not thirteen." "Eddy, relax. You need to get laid." Emmett was Mr. Cullen's childhood friend and could get away with such comments. "The room should be ready in two minutes." He turned to Bella and left. Bella remained standing there, speechless. It was a product management meeting. Bella was supposed to take notes, but each time anyone said the word dildo, which was every couple minutes, she would snort. Mr. Cullen was giving her annoyed looks, and finally, he had enough. "We are not in Kindergarten. Rose, you take notes. Miss Swan, make yourself useful and bring us coffee and drinks. I hope you can manage this task." Miss Hale looked pissed. Bella made coffee for everybody, except for Emmett, who asked for Coke. She was making her way to Emmett's seat, next to Mr. Cullen, when she tripped on her own feet and spilled the drink right on Mr. Cullen's pants. Without thinking, horrified, she dropped to her knees and started furiously rubbing his crotch area with a napkin. The liquid was quickly soaking into the expensive fabric, which made her double her efforts. From the corner of her eye, she saw an expression of anger and shock on Mr. Cullen's face change to something else; his gaze darkening to predatory. The area Bella was industriously working on was getting bigger and harder, then the realization of what she was doing hit her. Emmett could not stop laughing. Bella was surprised that she wasn't fired after that incident. Perhaps, the fact that she impressed Rose with the knowledge of Access databases earlier that week helped her cause. Needless to say she was never invited to any meetings again. Six months later, Bella was still working at Cullen Toys. It was late afternoon on a Friday. Rose had gone to a baby shower at the accounting department and Bella was manning the desk. Since she had accomplished all her tasks, there was nothing to do but write. Bella logged on to one of the fan fiction websites she wrote for. There was a company policy against personal internet usage, but it was rarely enforced on their