Get Your Southern On Contest Title: Home Fandom: Twilight Pairing: Bella/Edward Summary: The small town of Beaufort, South Carolina is in need of a lawman's help. A plea is sent out to Masen, a man known for bringing peace and order to a town in need. Will Masen be able to stop Carlisle and his gang, before they kill Charlie Swan all in the name of his daughter's virtue? Rating: M Word Count: 4944 Home I look up at the sun as it blisters down on me. I've been on this trail for two weeks. I pull on the reins making Rusty come to a stop. I jump off grabbing my canteen; I move to the creek and fill it with the cool water. I dip the rag I pulled out and wipe my face and neck. I let Rusty drink, before sitting on the boulder. I'm thirty-three and a known law enforcer. I've been doing this for many years. I have no family to speak of, so I devote my time to my work. Over the years, I've made a name for myself, for bringing peace and justice. I'm well known across most of the southwest. I made my name serving in the service. I was tired of the fighting, and once the war was over, I became a lawman. I settled in my hometown, but I had nothing left there but my job. Something was missing from my life. It was about a year later I was asked to help out in a nearby town. They were having trouble with some low-life creep that had no respect for the law. It took me less than two weeks to bring him and his little gang down. In two weeks' time there, I found myself feeling whole again. Traveling around helping where I was needed became my life and gave it meaning. It had just been three weeks ago that I got a plea for help. Seems a small town called Beaufort, South Carolina, needs the help I provide. The information I have has been sketchy, but I do know that the sheriff has been killed as well as at least six of the townspeople. I let out a sigh as I scratch my face. I haven't shaved since I've been on the open road, and my face is an inch thick now with the scruff that has grown. I get off the rock and put my things away. I know I only have a few hours of light left. I reckon I'll be in town within six hours; I'd like to get there and the sooner the better. Rusty slows her stride down and I know she's tired and cold. We hit a pretty decent storm about an hour ago and it's not letting up. "Come on girl, we're almost there. You'll be in the shelter of a warm barn with good feed and rest soon. Tomorrow, I'll even give you a long brush down," I say gently in her ear. She's a good old mare and she's the closest I have to a family member. A light catches my eye, and I look up seeing there's a few odd lights a short trek ahead of us. "See girl, we're almost there." I'm relieved when we get to the town's inn. "Y'all get on in here now," I hear a young girl's voice. I turn my head as I dismount Rusty seeing a small girl with a shawl over her head. "What are you doing out in this!" she exclaims at the same time I ask. "Is there someplace I can put my horse?" "I'll take care of your horse, Sir; you make your way inside and get dried off. Once I have her set up, I'll come and make you some of my famous sweet tea, and see what I can rustle up from the kitchen." I just look at her, "I don't like other people taking care of Rusty; when I do it, I know it's done right." "Stop standing there catchin' flies – on you go." She makes a clicking sound and Rusty moves off following her. I stand shocked that at no time did this girl need to hold Rusty's reins. Rusty seems to just follow the girl's movements. I shake my head walking into the inn. I stomp my feet on the mat getting most of the mud off my boots. I take a look around seeing the place is empty. I move over to a chair and sit by the fire. I take off my boots and flex my toes; I sigh a little in relief. I can feel the blisters on the soles of my feet and I know I'll need to soak them in warm salt water. I remove my jacket and place my hat on the table where a book catches my eye. I pick it up and smile seeing that it's one I just read. I lean back, resting my head and close my eyes. I open them when I hear movement and place my hand over my trusty colt revolver. "Your mare is all settled with fresh hay and feed," the girl says. She walks to me carrying a tray and I relax moving my hand back to my leg. "I made sure she has fresh water and I dried her down a bit but the barn's warm. It's too dark to brush her down; I'll do it tomorrow morning." "Here, this is my famous sweet tea, I was talking about. I also found you some bread and warmed up the last of the stew. It's hot so eat carefully." She places the tray down, and picks up the big water basin that was beside the food. She kneels on the floor before me and I look down at her in wonder. I watch as she removes my socks and then places my feet in the warm, salty-smelling water. I wince and she looks up at me. "Sorry, but this needs to be taken care of," she says waving at my feet. She stays looking at me for a few seconds then drops her head and starts to wash my feet. "What the hell have you been doing, walkin' over glass?" I tilt my head as she looks back at me. "Eat," she says pointing at the soup. "For you," she says as she points at the food then to me. "Darnit, see Bella," she starts to mutter as she goes back to washing my feet, "this is why you should've paid more attention when Doc Mike was trying to teach you sign language. Of course, you couldn't do that, no, you had mistakenly said no one that couldn't hear would come to the inn . Well, look where you are now, in front of some poor man that has no idea why some crazy girl is washing his feet and talking to herself." I chuckle at her self-chastising. "I'm not deaf. I hear just fine," I say while chuckling. The girl's head snaps up and I can see she's gone red. "Then why didn't you talk to me?" "I'm sorry, Ma'am, I've been on the road for a few days. I think I'm just overtired. Let me start again, I'm Edward Masen," I say holding out my hand. "Bella Swan," the girl says placing her small hand in mine. "Now, Bella, you look too young to be running this place yourself, so are your parents around?" The girl's eyes drop a little and she sits back on her heels. "My mama passed away few winters back and my father's in jail." The last thing was said so quiet that I barely heard it. I move my hand to her face, making her look at me. "Why … what was his crime?" The girl shakes her head standing up and I stand holding her arm. "I could be able to help if you tell me." "He refused Carlisle's offer for my hand in marriage." "What?" "Carlisle is a mean hateful man. He killed our sheriff, and has most of the town scared of him. He asked my father for my hand. When my father told him to go to hell, Carlisle locked him in jail." I look this young girl up and down; she is small and very slim. She may look like this because I am six-foot-three and well built, but she's just a bit of a thing. I move a little closer to her as her shoulders shake with sobs. I swallow seeing I have a clear foot over her and she's very tiny when right before me. "He'll be put to death next week." I look at her confused – thankfully she carries on. "Carlisle said he'll give me until the thirteenth to agree to marry him, but I know either way he's going to kill my father." I sigh knowing she's more likely right about that. She shakes her head as her face turns red, and I know right away she's embarrassed. "I will help; I'm here to help. I swear to you, I will save you and your father." I swallow in surprise. I've never made this promise to anyone before, but I felt like I need to help her. I also find it strange that I mean my words more than I've ever had before. She gives me a small smile, but I can see she doesn't believe me. "You, sit down and let me take care of your feet before our good old Doc Mike cuts them off." I chuckle and sit back down. "I'm not kiddin', he cut off Reverend Weber's arm when he was bitten by a rattlesnake," Bella says straight-faced not showing a hint of a smile. The rest of the night goes by with Bella talking about everything, but it's pretty clear that she has been on her own for a few weeks now. I can tell she's wanting and needing to talk, and I'm more than happy to listen. "Would you like me to show you to your room?" I nod picking up my boots, jacket and hat. Bella leaves me a candle as she walks off. I watch her until she heads up another flight of stairs. The next morning I'm up bright and early. I head out to relieve myself before heading to the barn to check on Rusty. When I get to the door, I can hear Bella's soft voice as she talks to Rusty. "Morning," I say and Bella leaps off the floor and turns looking at me as she covers her heart. "I'm sorry, Ma'am," I say tilting my head a little. "No, it was me. Well, Rusty's been taken care of and had a good brush down, if you come in soon, I'll make you breakfast." "Can I have some more of your sweet tea?" Bella smiles as she bobs her head. I watch her leave and Rusty neighs next to me. "What is it, girl?" I ask as my eyes again go to where Bella had just been. I look Rusty over and see Bella did a great job at looking after her. With nothing needing done, I walk back into the inn. "If you'll take a seat, I'll bring your breakfast in and then get a bath set up for you?" I go to tell her there's no need, but as my mouth opens, I see the need to do what she's doing sparkling in her eyes. "Thank you," I say. "Would you join me for breakfast?" I ask nodding to the other chair. She silently agrees as she bites her lip and runs off to get her plate. Just like last night, Bella spends the full morning talking my ear off. She gives me loads of information on this Carlisle and his group. She also tells me there's a friendly Indian camp nearby. She swears the Indians have always gotten on with everyone in the town. Once