Get Your Southern On Contest Title: Southern Dreams Fandom: Twilight Pairing: Peter and Charlotte Summary: A sixteen year old girl, alone in a foster home, finds that she is not as alone as she thought and that happiness exists in another time, another space. She fills her nights with Southern Dreams. Rating: M Word Count: 4938 Chapter One: The Decision Life sucked. I was ignored by my parents, my grandparents on my dad's side wouldn't even acknowledge me and my parents spent more time fighting than doing anything else. So I learned at a young age how to take care of myself and then when it was possible I was getting the heck out of dodge. I became quite handy with fixing and sewing and I had made some extra money babysitting and darning socks and even got some work at the local tailors. I lost my parents to a car accident when I was fifteen and became an orphan. It was terrible living in a foster home and I knew that I needed to get out soon. There was a rumor around town about a family who lived about an hour away who could do strange things and one of them worked in the library. I didn't know if they could help or how but I had to try. Approaching sweet Margaret under the guise of asking about a book, I waited until she was leading me to the stacks to help me search for it when I finally got up the courage to say "Margaret, I need help and you are the only one who can" "Charlotte, what's wrong?" she said, her voice hushed and I could hear the worry "I have to get out of here. I want to go someplace far away, somewhere where no one can find me. Margaret I want to have a new life. I don't belong here in Culpeper. You know I love the past; Margaret please where is your family? I need them to help me go someplace where I can be loved for me. I know your family can help, don't ask me how I know, I just do" I pleaded with her in desperation. She stared at me for what seemed like ages, looking at me then at my palm. Muttering to herself she finally took my hand and dragged me to a store room. It was dank, dark and smelled musty. I sat in an old wooden chair and picked up the first paper I saw. It was a paper from back in the early nineteenth century and my eyes were drawn to an advertisement about men looking for companionship, mail order brides to be exact. They ranged from Baltimore to Texas where men were building cattle ranches and towns were springing up. I was fascinated and became so engrossed in the article I failed to see Margaret leaning over my shoulder reading it as well. It was in very good shape considering it was almost a hundred years old. "Would you like to be a Bride like that Charlotte?" Margaret asked softly and I looked at her with a blank expression and then back to the paper. Could I? Did I? I gulped, closed my eyes and then looked into hers "Yes if he was a kind man and loved me I would love to be one of these ladies". Thinking about this she sat next to me and told me it was dangerous and I probably could never come back, that I would have to stay in that time. Can you do it Charlotte? Do you really think that you could pull of being from that time? Women were different back then; they wore different clothes, talked different, and acted different. Do you think you can deal with that?" she asked "I know I can. Margaret I can hand sew anything and I can quilt, darn, bake bread, cook, clean. I know the history, what women did, what they acted like. All I need is some clothes and money from them and to come up with a story as close to my real one as I need. I need help" I begged again, while holding her hand and hoping to convey my desperation and then I waited to see what she would say next. "Okay I'll help you. I'll take you home with me today and see what we can find. I live in my great grandmother's home right now and there are plenty of old trunks in the attic. I think if we look through them then we might just luck out. As for money, well there are lots of antique shops all over this area and I have a ton of junk in that house that I will never use or need. We'll make a day out of it and pick up a little here and there, you won't need too much" she stated and practically knocked her over when I hugged her. I made sure to clear it with the foster home that I was staying at the library and then going to help Margaret at her place. Just after six that evening, we arrived at her old but lovely two story home. She showed me to the guest room and bath where I took a much needed break and then we climbed the attic steps entering into the most alluring room I had ever seen. It was clean and dust free and it was filled with trunks, furniture, hats everywhere and there was even a dress dummy and standing mirror. I started rifling through trunks while Margaret brought over a history book to look at the fashions from back then. We would hold a dress up to the picture and see how they measured up. We found enough to get me by and then she explained that we would take some of the antiques and see what could be sold or traded so get some money. The next morning after I forced myself to eat, we took her car to the nearest antique shops to see what we could find. It took time but soon we had around twenty dollars in coins and even a few bills. I found a nice coin purse from the same era to put it in as well. At the sixth shop we searched Margaret found the best item of all, a circular for Mr. Patterson's Mail Order Brides going west to Texas with the address of the company sponsoring them in Baltimore. Now I knew where to go and who to ask for and a date to use as my "guide" for arrival in the proper time frame. We dropped everything off to her place and then she ran me home. I still needed to get back to the foster home to keep up appearances, just in case someone actually gave a damn. The day after tomorrow was the beginning of school vacation and then I could "run". We made plans to meet then and she would have everything in her car and have made all the arrangements to go and meet her family, who she was sure would help me with my quest. I would meet her several miles from here so she would not be involved at all with my disappearance. She always went to see relatives on Fridays and everybody knew it. When the house was asleep, I tiptoed out the back door with my backpack from school filled with a change of clothes just in case and my meager savings. I hiked through the woods following the road but just out of sight. I had left a note on my bed that I was heading out west (wasn't a lie) to start a new life asking them to let me go. I said I was hitching a ride and would be long gone by morning. That should have them looking the wrong way for a while. Reaching our meeting place, an old abandoned gas station off the main road, I sat and read a little of my newest paperback about a girl who travels west to become a bride herself. Figured I could use the plot as part of my story and it seemed fitting. Margaret pulled up and we were soon driving off the roads unto small private lanes deeper and deeper into the woods and hills. When we ran out of road, we both grabbed the bags and walked the rest of the way. As we came out of the deep woods I saw a very old cabin like house. You could see the original colonial stone first floor with the later added wooden second floor. It was covered in vines and climbing roses and it was like something from a gothic Fairytale. I stared in awe and almost didn't notice that the door had opened. We were approached by an older looking women stepped out with a smile on her face and said in greeting "Margaret, sweetheart, I thought I felt you coming" she hugged Margaret and then looked at me. "This must be the Charlotte you were telling me about?" the older woman said and her eyes were shining with some sort of emotion that I couldn't place. There was just something so familiar about them. I always felt close to Margaret and now I felt some sort of connection to this other woman who I just met. "Yes ma, this is her and she has the gene, she's Lorelei's daughter ma" Wait what? I stood there shocked, my mother's name was Lorelei but she was always referred to as Lori. She told me all her family was dead. This couldn't be happening, there was just no way. "That's my mom's name, or was my mom's name. What's going on?" I asked, confused yet too scared to voice what I was thinking. "Lorelei was my sister dear, she ran away many years ago but we always kept watch. I have kept an eye on you since you were a mere babe Charlotte" Margaret said. "And this wonderful woman is your grandmother" she explained while I picked my jaw up off the floor. "Yo, you, you're my aunt, Margaret?" I stammered still not believing it. "Yes child and keeping that from you has always bothered me" she said sadly and I took her hand. All this time I thought I had no family and here it was all along. I looked at the older lady and saw it. I saw my mother in her face, I saw her in Margaret's eyes. It was so clear now. Finally I just put down my bag and hugged her tight. "Child, I have wished to see you for years but your father wouldn't let us have anything to do with you or your mom. He forbade her from using her talents or skills. He was cruel and hated us. Without her powers you mother withered away. I was hoping to have you join us when you were eighteen but you're here now and I couldn't be happier" the older woman said as she patted my cheek. After she led me into the house and showed me where to put my bag, we sat down to some tea "Now, what do you need my child?" grandmother asked me "I don't belong here. I have always felt out of place and well I was just wondering if you could help me?" I asked as I showed her the circular and we explained why I wanted to go and where. How we had prepared and now all I needed was to know if it was possible. She looked at me for a long time then she sat and closed her eyes. "She's getting a vision" Margaret whispered and I nodded, not really getting it but understanding it all the same. "Yes dear, we'll definitely get you out of here. I fear that if we don't then you'll be taken away and your spirit will be