MY FIRST FANFICTION HERE, SO PLS. BE NICE AND I WILL TRY MY BEST TO MAKE THIS GOOD! 3 DISCLAIMER: I'M ONLY GONNA SAY THIS ONCE, AND SADLY I DON'T OWN PERCY JACKSON; MR. RICK RIORDAN DOES! THE FAKES IN GOODE AND ANNABETH CHASE SUMMARY: my version of 'annabeth goes to goode'. annabeth goes to goode because her step-mother got a temporary promotion and decided to tag along so she can be w/percy. when she got there, she found out that percy is the hottest most popular guy there. she encounters girls who are drooling for her boyfriend, and the worst is …. THEY. ARE. FAKES! chapter 1 ANNABETH'S P.O.V. ring ring ring ri- BAAAMM! "Annabeth, wake up!" Helen, my step-mother said "you'll be late for school!" That got me going. I quickly jumped out of bed and ran in the bathroom. After I showered and brushed my teeth, I picked my clothes for the day. Which is; a light blue tank top, a black and grey sweater with an owl on it that says 'DREAMS COME TRUE', white skinny jeans, and dark grey boots that ends up a few inches below my knees. I also took my dagger with me and hid it inside my boots. (just in case) and put my hair in its usual pony tail. When I was done I looked at the mirror and smiled. I mean, I'm no Aphrodite kid, but, I think, I looked good. And at the same time, I look 'me'. The samart blonde chick, who happens to be the architect of Olympus. I climbed down the stairs just to be greeted with the smell of bacon. "Hey!" I greeted my stepmom. "Annabeth!" she said as put a plate of bacon and sausage at the table. "you ready for school?" "Yeah" I said with a smile. "Annabeth, be careful on your way. I'm sorry I can't drive drive you, I need to unpack." She said with an apologetic smile. Since the deal about the 'starting over as a family' thing, she became a lot nicer to me and acted like a real mom. "No, it's OK. I'll walk" I reassured her and she smiled. Then I said bye and walked out of the house(apartment) and immediately greeted by a warm New York breeze. Then I walked to the direction of my new school, Goode High. Oh! Sorry, I forgot to tell you. And yes, you did heard right. Helen did say 'unpack'. You see, we(Helen and I) moved from S.F. and I couldn't be any happier. Don't get me wrong, I love S.F. and definitely miss it and everything I love. My friends. My school. The cold air. The villagers and all that jazz. Anyways, now, I'm here, living in New York. All thanks to Helen's new promotion. Even if it's only temporary. I'm still very grateful. Besides I get to see my boyfriend. I also (a little incy wincy bit) miss my little devils of a stepbrothers. *cough* and of course my wonderful father. You see, when Helen got the letter of her promotion, my dad…didn't liked it. And probably, still doesn't. They talked-more like fought- about it and decided that dad will stay since it's only temporary. And since the boys absolutely loved their school and dad didn't want to be alone, they also stayed. As for me, well, I guess I spent a little too much time w/ the Aphrodite cabin and their persuasive (methods?) rubbed off on me. Back to the present, here I am standing at the entrance of my new school, itching to be with my boyfriend, Percy Jackson-since he's the only reason I'm here. I took a deep breath, registering what's happening around me. It's kind of hard since I hear the load noise coming from inside, giving me an image that this school isn't very…disciplined. Well it's now or never…. I thought as I walked in the front door of Goode. The scene I saw confirmed that the image in my head was correct. BUT what I didn't expect was that they'd stop what they were doing, immediately become quiet and stare at me. I felt myself blush from embarrassment and so I keep my head down and just continued walking. I noticed two things. 1. I finally noticed the office just straight ahead. And 2. A lot of students were whispering. I started to feel uncomfortable and I was about to keep walking when suddenly, someone wearing black and white t-shirt, a red and white jersey, blue skinny jeans(what guy in the world would wear skinny jeans! Isn't it uncomfortable for them? Heck I'm uncomfortable with them!), and black sneakers stepped in front of me. I looked up-since I was still looking down- and saw a blonde/brown haired dude looking down at me-since he was like two inches taller than me, smirking. I gave him a questioning look. "Hey" he said looking at me with his cold blue eyes. "Ummm… hi?" I replied "Umm… Would you plea-" "My name's Jake" he said cutting me off and holding out his hand "And your name is?" "Annabeth" I said shaking his hand. I was going to say that I need to look for the office. But, of course, again, he cut me off. "Well, Annabeth, I see that you're new and I would love to be the one to show a pretty lady like you, around school." He said. "Look, I don't need your help." I said getting annoyed. I mean, yeah, he is A BIT good looking, but he has nothing on Percy. I could already tell that Jake is a jerk. "I can show myself around, and I really need to go. Actually, I was going to find the office but, then you got in my way. So, if you ever be so kind, MOVE!" I said, shoving him out of my way and walking to the office . I could hear the crowd of students that gathered "ooohh"ed. "Hey, Annabeth" Jake called out. I stopped and looked over my shoulder. "you don't need to play hard to get. I already like you." Then he winked. I just huffed and rolled my eyes and continued my way to the office. -LINE BREAK- It was almost lunch time and I haven't seen Percy yet. Ugghhh! I wish homeroom wasn't cancelled . Yeah, they cancelled homeroom because the teacher was absent. That was my first period. You see, I asked the V.P. if I could have most of my classes with Percy except Architecture. One of my reasons is that because Percy id the only one I know here. And second, because I want to spend time with him. Here's how my schedule goes. GOODE HIGH SCHEDULE Annabeth Chase 1 st - Homeroom 2 nd - elective( Architecture) 3 rd - Art LUNCH 4 th - History 5 th - Biology 6 th - Math 7 th - Social Science 8 th - P.E. Anyway, so I was just sitting in arts, counting the seconds until luch. 5…4…3…2…1 RING! I quickly stood up and arranged my things when Macy came to me. Macy Garfield is the girl who the office assigned to show me around. "Hey" she said. She has ginger medium length hair, glasses over her dark brown eyes, a bit freckles, pale skin (not as pale as Nico though) , and she was wearing a purple t-shirt under a green hoodie, normal jeans, and red sneakers. I was very thankful that she was my 'buddy' other than some slutty annoying girl. "Hi" I replied. We walked out of the classroom together and walked to our lockers. "Is this normal?" I asked. She gave me a confused look. "I mean the crowded students. No offense, but they're a bit loud." "Oh, none taken. And yeah this is normal." She said with a smile. And then opened her locker. "You know I have a feeling we're gonna be friends." I said smiling as I opened my locker next to hers. I was taking out my history and bio book when I heard most of the students became quiet. Girls were swooning, gasping, squealing, and sihed with longing. I looked at Macy and she sighed, not with longing but with annoyance. She closed her locker and looked at me. "This is also normal" she said gesturing the girls. I looked at her questioningly. She sighed but then continued "It's just the 'most popular guy' at school" she said making two quotation marks in the air with her fingers, with an annoying voice. I chuckled and looked at her with a look that said 'continue'. "I don't hate him. He's really nice and good-looking. It's just that, I'm sick with this" she gestured to the girls who are squealing louder and giggling. We snickered. Just then we heard laughing and footsteps coming towards us louder and louder. AND the girls squealed louder and louder. "So who is this said guy?" I asked. Macy looked at me w/a worried expression. I laughed "What, I'm just curious."I said. She said. "Percy Jackson" The moment she said that was the moment the girls squealed on top of their lungs, the moment my Seaweed Brain came to view, and the moment my heart skipped a beat. He was wearing a white V-neck under a red and white varsity jacket that said 'Goode High' at the back, black jeans, blue and green converse, the watch Tyson gave him on his left wrist, and I could see his camp necklace hanging on his neck. He was in the middle of 4 guys. They were laughing still they reached blue lockers. Percy leaned on one while talking to his friends. I can't believe it. He was Mr. popular ?! I mean, of course he is the handsomest guy I've ever laid eyes on and he has the bad-boy aura around him. No wonder he's popular. What I can't believe is the fact that he didn't tell! Well then, I guess as payback I'm going to scare the heck out of him. I was thinking of a surprise plan when Macy interrupted my thoughts. "Yeah, so, let's just go to the cafeteria. I guess you're hungry. And if not , I am."she said. I blinked. "Oh yeah, But first I have something to do" I said eyeing my boyfriend with an evil smik. "Oh no, Annabeth. I gotta warn you. He has a girlfriend he's very loyal to. And he turned down every girl who ask-" she was till talking but I wasn't listening. "Relax Macy, I got this" I winked at her. I saw a bit of panic in her eyes but I just smiled and worked my way towards Percy. When I finally reached him. Well, his back was facing me, actually. And his friends eyed me. Two was smirking. One winked. And the other one looked confused. I guess this will be the perfect time for my surprise. "Um excuse me, but can you help me find my boyfriend?" I asked in a extra sweet voice that almost did NOT sound like me. "He goes to this school and I was wondering if you know him?" "Um…. I'm sorry but I'm busy right now . Why don'tcha ask someone else." He said not bothering to turn around. So I just stood there arms crossed, head tilted, waiting for him to turn around. Finally, one of his friends (the one who looked confused) pointed at me. Percy sighed then turned around while saying: "Look, I have a-" then he noticed me. "HOLY SSSHHHHH…" he lost his balance a little causing him to stumble a bit backwards. I laughed. He blinked two times then whispered. "A- Annabeth?" "The one and only." I said with a smile and then he hugged me so tight, I thought my ribs cracked. "What in the world are you doing here?" he asked pulling away but both of his hands stayed. "Well, Helen got a promotion, she had