"For the millionth and final time, my answer to your ridiculous request is no." He seemed pretty serious about it this time. She should have given up completely at that point. However, that was not how their friendship worked. It was simple maths. You just need to add several years of friendship, subtract all of their patience and then times it all using some form of bribery. It was simple. Anyone could do it, even Bree, and she really wasn't good at maths. For Bree, calculators were for spelling out the word 'boobies'. That's all you really need to know. But to get her way with her best friend Tyler, Bree had a gift. She will probably live to regret her choices of reading Twilight in a few years to come. For now though, she was pretty contempt with her obsession. Ever since the trailer first appeared on her screen on that rainy November afternoon, it was all she would talk about. We all have our embarrassing histories, so we'll let Bree have hers. Tyler, however, didn't buy into it. He was forced to see it with his sister, and quite frankly made sure it would be his first and final bad taste of Twilight. Oh, poor fellow. He had no idea what he was in for. He had no idea his best friend would be thrusting the black paperback into his face whilst his guard was down. He would never look at a red apple the same way again. Tyler wasn't into this new generation of vampires, he was still very traditional about the way vampires worked. He was very adamant about staying that way too. Only, he was friends with Bree. "Look, just, hear me out, please?" Bree tried to put on her best 'watching a puppy die' face; Tyler couldn't resist that look for long. He knew how she would try to achieve that look, and couldn't let another fictional puppy be sacrificed. He rolled his eyes and bit the inside of his cheek. "I'm listening." "I know this isn't your gig, you'd rather go Arnold and shave off your eyebrows, but, just, think of it as a challenge. Like, watching a ten-hour loop of something on YouTube. It's unbearable, but think of how good it would feel to be that person who made it all the way through, without contributing to any form of homicide. It'll be an achievement, a waste of time, but an achievement nonetheless." It was a ridiculous argument to make, Tyler knew it. But that sort of stuff worked on him. After enduring another few seconds of the 'puppies are dying everywhere' look, he finally cracked; the earth slip open and he fell into the pits of hell. He was going to accept the challenge. "Alright. Fine. Give me the damn thing." he snatched the book from her hands, which got him a vice grip hug. He already regretted his decision. "Read it the second you get home. I'm going to quiz you on it tomorrow, and don't think you can get away with it cause you watched the film, I'm only going to ask questions about the things that are strictly in the book, and don't even think about Wikipedia, I'll know." He was afraid to find out what she would do if he tried. He swallowed his pride, and nodded. "I'll do it, and don't think you're not going to owe me something BIG after this, you got that?" She shook her head. He knew she would forget. She always forgot. Tyler sat crossed legged on his bed. The book on the far end, and him on the other. He had been staring at the thing for the past fifteen minutes. He knew the longer he contemplated, the closer he'd be to receiving his punishment from Bree. He wasn't that stupid, only stupid enough to accept the deal in the first place. He inhaled more than enough oxygen and grabbed the book. He slowly pried it open, keeping it at arm's length in case something were to bite him in the face or throw glitter at him. "Just do it, come on, the sooner this is over with, the sooner we can rot our mind with video games in attempts to bury this shit to rest." Once more, he inhaled, and whilst holding his breath, began to read. This was going to be a long night. After staring blankly at her maths homework for the best part of ten minutes, Bree thought she deserved, at least, a twenty-minute nap break. Well, of course she didn't deserve one, she only managed to write down the date, and make an origami swan out of the task sheet. She grabbed her phone and set an alarm to go off in twenty minutes time. Normally she'd whip out her laptop and talk to Tyler, but she told herself not to give him a single distraction. She wasn't kind enough to give him a route way out of this bet. She smiled to herself as she buried her head into the pillow, feeling pride over guilt for making her friend suffer. It was how true friendship worked, we've all been there, surely. It didn't take long for Bree to fall into a heavy sleep. And likewise for Tyler; he grew so overwhelmingly bored of the first chapter alone that he was lulled to sleep by the lack of stimulation. As both were lead into an unconscious state, something strange happened. Not the sort of strange that would wake you up in the middle of the night and question your mental state, but the sort of strange that dropped you into another world, and didn't allow to return. You've probably all guessed what's about to happen, but let's not give the game away just yet. Let's see how long it takes the two to figure it out for themselves. It wasn't Bree's alarm that woke her up. It was the sound of the rain pounding on the window outside. She didn't understand people who felt soothed by the sound of the rain. It woke her up and, more than anything, made her want to pee. She groaned and rolled onto her back, allowing her eyes to adjust to the light. Wait. The light? She suddenly shot up into a sitting position, looking outside in pure horror. "I slept all night?!" she furiously looked for her phone, plotting its death as she did so, but froze as she went to reach for the side table. That wasn't her side table. The photo frame that sat upon it certainly wasn't hers either. She slowly inclined her head to take in the rest of the room, which, to her surprise, was also not hers. "This is a dream" she whispered to herself "all a dream, you're still asleep, and soon your alarm will go off" she slowly got off the bed, and like a chicken who was recently beheaded, began to circle around the room, looking for some sort of escape route back into her own room. She froze as she walked past the mirror, which again, wasn't hers, and noticed that what was being reflected wasn't her own face. No, it was her own bedroom. Her oversized plushie collection clumped at the bottom of her bed, the posters on her wall which she sometimes spoke to before bed, because why would you put people on your wall you weren't prepared to share your secrets with? And the strangest thing of all, was Bree herself; lying on her own bed, heavily entranced in her sleep. Were you able to see yourself within a dream like this? She questioned herself entirely now. Her dreams never quite amounted to this much depth, nothing which came close to parallel universes; where you were able to see yourself in one and live within another. She was completely baffled. She reached out and touched the glass, hoping that with some luck it would consume her hand, and allow her to return back home. Unfortunately, she wasn't granted such luck. She then thought back to the picture frame she first encountered upon awakening, and quickly rushed back to retrieve it. Maybe the picture inside would be an indicator to where she'd landed. She scanned the features of the picture, and gasped when she recognised the two people engaging in a hug. One of them was her, she was sure of it, and the other, well, that was the weird part. The person in the picture hugging her…was Edward Cullen. No, that can't be right. Edward Cullen?! The Edward Cullen played by Robert Patterson? Was she somehow affiliated with famous people in this world? If so, she gave herself a mental high five. However, in the picture his features mostly resembled Edward Cullen rather than Robert. His eyes were amber and his skin was a fair few shades lighter than hers, and she already was pretty pale (minus the flare up whenever she contributed to anything physical or mentally scarring) to begin with. Maybe she went to visit him on the set? If so, that raised way more questions than it answered. "Belle! You up yet?" a voice bellowed from outside her door. She dropped the frame onto her foot, and bit her tongue to prevent the curse from escaping her lips. Belle? Who was Belle? And who the hell was calling her Belle? As she cupped her wounded toes in her hands, she tried hard to bypass the pain and really think about where the hell she was. "Belle?" the person, who from the sounds of it was most likely a man, began to knock on the door. Okay, so, she wasn't quite ready for this strange man to enter the room when she was in her pyjamas. It was okay when a stranger saw you in them when you had to answer the door for a delivery, that transaction was over and done with in about five seconds, ten if they wanted to start small talk. But he was very much inside this house, and for some reason seemed to know who she was. She had no choice but to answer. "Yep, I'm up, very much awake, still breathing." she released her foot, and slowly approached the door. "Right, well, hurry up if you want me to take you to school, that truck won't get you very far in the state it's in" she heard footsteps begin to pound down the stairs, so she assumed that he was gone. She released her breath, which up until now she didn't realise she was holding. She began to take in what he just said to her: so, she had to be up for school (which she was very upset about, she would have at least liked a day off in an imaginary world), her truck wouldn't get her far (even though she couldn't drive and didn't own any sort of vehicle, other than a bike), and this strange man was calling her Belle (which she guessed sort of resembled Bree, but it wasn't that hard to get right). She looked down to the frame that laid a few inches from her foot. A crazy yet totally logical explanation finally came to Bree. She wasn't in her room, she was in a picture with Edward Cullen the vampire, and some man was calling her Belle. Edward Cullen is a character in Twilight who came to fall in love with Bella Swan, a name which Charlie, Bella's father, shortened to 'Belle'. If that was the case, then, she, Bree, somehow in this world was Bella. So, if that was the case then… "Oh my god" she squealed "I'm in the book!" Unfortunately, Tyler wasn't welcomed into the world as kindly as Bree had been. He wasn't fortunate enough to have woken not only in his own bed, but rather no bed at all, and once the light from the large window adjacent came through and grazed his skin,