Theogony suggested that it would take nine days to fall into Tartarus. He was wrong, I knew from experience. That said, the fall did feel like an eternity. An eternity for me to suffer through the memories of the previous week once more. "You stand trial before the will of the gods. You have been found guilty of treason and conspiring with Gaea. Your sentence is death." The red-haired goddess raised a hand into the air. "Any last words?" One of the prisoners before her grasped at her feet. "Please! He didn't do anything, I swear! Please!" The goddess ignored the woman's pleas. "Lies, even unto the end you lie. Why do you try to defend this pig" The goddess spat at the black-haired teen kneeling before her. Dismissing her pleas the goddess turned to her Lieutenant. "Kill them." Two huntresses stepped up next to the Lieutenant. The creak of bowstrings sent the woman into desperate sobs. The black haired teen beside her raised his head, eyes boring into the Moon Goddess. "It's okay mother. Shh," he rasped. His eyes never left the goddess before him as the hunters released their arrows. The last second before he expected the deadly impact of the arrow he flinched. He had tried to put on a brave face for his mother, but he had flinched. But the arrow never hit him, he didn't feel the burning pain of the silver tearing into him. The arrow never landed. The boy opened his eyes to the amazement of a silver and black clad figure before him, a gleaming bronze sword in his hands and the two halves of an arrow at his feet. Time slowed for the captive boy as his eyes fell upon his mother. Or, as the case was, his mother's corpse. He didn't have time to say anything to his savior, he just crawled to his mother and pulled her head into his lap. He clutched the arrow in her throat, trying to remove it from his mom. The foolish woman had died trying to protect him, why couldn't she just let him take the punishment. Now she was dead because of him! He gave up and turned back to the goddess and his savior. The man stood with his sword at his side pointing at the floor. "They deserve a trial," the man was saying in a tone that indicated he and the hunters had had this argument before. The hunters who had been hiding in plain sight began to appear, hissing and throwing insults at the lone figure. Weapons began appearing in hands, but the lone figure stood tall in front of the mourning teen. His posture told them that he was not afraid, but wary...and possibly regretful. Two hunters tried to snake around his flank, but he backed up to the fallen boy. He kept his body in between the boy and the hunters. "Cease this at once, boy. We have our orders and which need I remind you are yours as long as you work with my hunt." The Goddess said, exasperated. She too had had this conversation many times. But the figure did not back down. "Aye, My Lady. But they still deserve trials. What if his mother's story is true, and he really did nothing. What then?" "He's a boy, of course he's done something." The goddess dismissed. "Even you have innocent blood on your hands, Perseus Jackson." The figure bristled with an unknown emotion. When he spoke again, his tone was deadly and quiet. "She told me to do it. You know that!" Restraining himself from rebuking with a curse or two. "It was the only way." He said in a near growl. The second the goddess had spoken those words, the man's demeanor had changed. Gone was the relaxed but determined attitude, replaced with a serious, subtle anger. The goddess' eyes seemed to soften ever so slightly. "Perseus-" she started. "We know, Thalia confirms what you said, but these traitors-" she flicked her hand to the mourning child and the corpse of his mother. "They are not innocent." "We've captured them. Leave Athena and the other Olympians to decide their fates. We have others to track." He said, the anger beginning to leave his voice. He seemed satisfied with the goddess' words. It was as close to an apology as he would get. "Fine!" The goddess said, clearly exasperated. "Thalia and Phoebe restrain the boy and we shall bring him before the council and leave them to determine his fate." She turned away. "Perseus come with me, I need you to contact the son of Hades to find out where he is." Percy nodded and his sword shrunk back into a pen and he started to follow the goddess as the two huntresses past him. "Probably in league with them," Phoebe spat as she walked by. "Wants to protect his friends." "Yes Phoebe, you're totally right. I've been working with Gaea all along. You got me," he chuckled. Dismissing the fuming huntress he began to follow Artemis. He had made it naught five steps when a scream sounded behind him. He spun around, Riptide appearing in his hands. For a second he couldn't comprehend the scene before him. Thalia lay on the ground, hand clutched to her throat as blood began to pool beneath her. Phoebe was collapsed on her side, a dagger sticking out if her stomach. The boy who has been sitting with his mother's head in her lap was crouching with a bloody dagger in one hand, the other stained up to the elbow in blood. The boy had managed to attack both the surprised hunters, and was preparing to run away. Roaring in rage Percy dashed forwards, Riptide sweeping the dagger from the boy's hand. His shoulder connected with the teen's head, slamming him back into the ground. Percy's sword swept up again and a vertical slash appeared on the boys chest. He drew back his sword and with a roar slammed it forward into the boys face. He left his sword in the corpse and turned to see a look of grief and rage on the Goddess of the Hunt's face. They both flew to Thalia's side, sending up prayers to Apollo to save her. In a bright flash, the gods of Olympus appeared. Followed by a boy stumbling out of the shadows and collapsing at Thalia's side. Apollo rushed forwards, but Nico let out a wail. He started crying, tears streaming down his face. The gods stood in a half circle, examining the scene before them. Zeus' eyes turned the color of the worst thunderstorm and he raised a hand. Pointing at Percy. "Ares, Hephaestus, Take Percy Jackson into custody. It appears that Athena's suspicions were correct." Percy looked up at them, he started to say something, but the two gods flew into him, slamming him into the ground. Ares kicked him in the face as Hephaestus pulled his arms behind his back. "Wha-" Percy started to say before Ares kicked him again and he blacked out. Chains rattled and a few of the gods winced at the state of the Savior of Olympus. He struggled to stand, but the chains pressured his joints, keeping him laying on the floor. "What is the meaning of this!" he demanded, shuffling to his knees. All around him the Olympians displayed a myriad of emotions, predominantly anger. Poseidon looked down at his chained son. "Several accusations have been brought before the Council. You-" he paused as if he couldn't bring himself to say the words. "You are being tried for treason against the gods and consorting with Gaea." The son of Poseidon looked at his father and the gods with confusion. That confusion rapidly turned to annoyance. And then the son of Poseidon, as is his nature, did the one thing that no one except the fates could have expected. He began to laugh. Athena bristled in rage. This wasn't supposed to be how it went. He was supposed to get furious and attack them with words. He was supposed to betray himself and then give Zeus a reason to cast him into Tartarus, but he was laughing? Actually, this would work for her. "You see father. He's laughing about your loss, he helped that vile child murder Thalia and now the Bastard has the nerve to laugh about it!" She spat out. That sobered him up real quick and he realized that this wasn't some sick joke that the gods were playing on him, they were serious. They actually believed these outrageous accusations from Athena. If looks could kill, the look that Zeus was giving Percy would have sent him to Tartarus right here and now. "BE SILENT BOY!" Zeus roared even though Percy had stopped laughing moments beforehand. After a short struggle Zeus was able to regain some composure to his face. "Weeks ago Athena brought these accusations to me. And though I never wanted to consider it, I didn't think you capable of betraying us, Son of Poseidon or not. So instead of acting on her word, I began my own investigation. I had you monitored," he said waving a hand at Artemis. "I began gathering testimonies from those who had been around you." He pointed a finger at the middle of the room and an iris like message appeared. Before us all sat Piper and Athena. "Alright dear, please tell me one more time what happened during the last rush to attack Gaea." Piper stiffened and Athena laid a hand on hers. "It's ok child. It's over." Piper started shaking. "Alight…" she said in a small voice. "We were fighting Porphyrion. Jason and I had fallen back from his onslaught, but Jason tripped. He must have broken his ankle or something because he couldn't get up. I'd tried to stay with him, but Percy shoved me out of the way and ran at the giant. He threw his sword to get its attention and then scooped up Jason's javelin. He stood in front of Jason and faced the Bane of Zeus on his own. We had no idea where Zeus was at the time, we couldn't have known that he was assisting you Athena and I don't hold it against him" she said. "It wasn't his fault." She seemed to take a moment to recollect herself. "So Percy charged the giant and stuck him with the Javelin, but Porphyrion just shrugged off the blow and went to smash him. But Percy said something up to the Giant and it hesitated. It seemed to consider his words for a moment, and before I could hear the giant's reply I had to kill an earthborne that was trying to get at Jason. When I looked back, Percy was standing on the giant's fallen form and had stabbed the Javelin into its throat like a flagpole." She paused for a moment and then shook her head. "And that was when Zeus' bolt fell from the sky and struck Porphyrion. The giant was dead, and Percy was running over to help me and Jason. Or at least at the time I thought he was, but he was maybe five steps away when he suddenly dodged out of the way. Porphyrion hadn't been dead, he had just been dying and with his dying breath he hurled Jason's weapon at Percy's back. But he dodged out of the way and-" she broke off, unable to continue as she started crying again. "And the javelin," she said between sobs. "It flew into Jason's body and. and.. he died in my arms," she said before falling into another round of body wracking sobs. After a few moments she looked up again and anger had replaced the sadness in her gaze. "There is no way that he could have dodged that throw!" She said with venom in her voice. "No way unless he knew it was coming?" Athena prompted. "Yes. I don't know why he did