Title: Of Apples and Squirrels Author: Calenlass Greenleaf Disclaimer: All inhabitants of Rivendell that are known belong to Tolkien. Rating: PG. No adult themes. No pairings except for the ones already established by the creator. Genre: Humor/Family Summary: A story based on the time when I was about thirteen or fourteen and when grandmother decided to wage war against the squirrels that stole the apples from our trees. A little Estel who has his own apple tree feels as if the squirrels were stealing from him. A/N: I've been allergic to apples since I was eight, and therefore can only eat the apples my family has planted. So this story is also written as an effort to try to remember the taste of apples—it's been many, many years since I last ate a real one—the squirrels have been winning, I'm afraid…and I no longer have an apple tree to eat from. -Sighs longingly- A/N #2: Written to relieve writer's block. I'm stuck on "Bring Him Home" and a couple of other things. Finally unstuck, I think. Warning: This may or may not be canonical. Unbeta-ed, except by me. End of long header. Please proceed to the story. Of Apples and Squirrels Perhaps the obsession with the fruit began when he was still a babe. Or perhaps when he was older. Or maybe he inherited it from his father—Arathorn had the same fixation—and from the rest of Elros' descendants. Whatever the reason was, Elrond would never know. It did not matter—five-year-old Estel loved apples, their juicy taste, and the crunchiness when he bit into them. In winter he would often steal away to the pantry and enjoy an apple or two. And during the summer he even gathered apples and kept them in his room so he would always have a snack. And now he had a plan—a plan to grow his own tree. No longer would he have to ask his Ada for apples; he would be capable of getting them himself. These thoughts were running through the child's head and he waited for his bedtime story that night. He had already asked him mother, who told him to ask Elrond for permission. He now sat on his bed, twitching with impatience and excitement. At last, his father entered the room. Smiling, he shouted, " Ada ! I have something to tell you." The elf laughed and sat down at the side of this bed. "What is it, iôn nîn? " "Galadhlin told me about the apple trees in your garden." The boy's grey eyes were bright. "He told me I could have one if I asked Naneth, and Naneth said I should ask you, and so, can I?" "You mean 'may I,' Estel." The elf corrected him. "But why?" "So I no longer have to ask you for them! I can also eat them whenever I want?" He grinned brightly. "Please, please, please? Galadhlin also said it would be good for me to learn…um, reposa—resporso—" "Responsibility?" The child nodded enthusiastically. "So…may I?" Grey eyes anxiously stared into the ageless face. "Please?" Elrond smiled. "I do not see why not." He replied. "As long as you remember to take care of it every day, and—" "I will, I will." Estel tightly hugged his father. "Thank you!" He snuggled against his father. "Story, Ada?" he asked. Chuckling, Elrond smoothed back the dark hair of the boy and began. --------------- Little Estel was faithful in tending to his tree. Elladan and Elrohir jokingly said to their father—out of earshot of their brother—that it seemed all of Isildur's heirs had a strange liking to trees. "Do you remember when Isildur thought it brave to steal a fruit of Nimloth from under the noses of the Ar-Pharazôn's guards?" Elladan chuckled. "I remember you told us that you believe all his heirs had inherited his stubborn streak." "And I still believe that," his father answered. "I fear for young Estel when he is older—and the poor people he will involve in one of his schemes." He said it so darkly that both of his sons laughed. "We are three of them, Adar," Elrohir was sitting near the fire in the room which they were in. He was fixing the strap of his quiver. "Do you remember what he did only two days ago?" Elladan snorted. "He tried to bake a pie using dirt, and then told us to eat it." "And the two of you had enough sense not to," Elrond added, smiling a bit. "Let us pray it is the last he tries to bake." They were interrupted by Estel, who had come barging in covered with mud. He was shouting incoherently, face aglow with rage. Elrond stood up and held out a hand. "Calm down, Estel, and tell me what is wrong." The child took a breath and blurted out, "The squirrels are eating all my apples!" He stomped his foot in frustration. "They're eating everything! I tried to shoo them, but they just keep comin' and comin' Ada." He plopped into a chair and folded his chairs. "They threw acorns at me and ran off when I tried to chase them," He stuck his lower lip out, and was the perfect picture of a pouting child. "I hate those nasty things." Elrohir coughed and suddenly left the room. "Pardon me," he mumbled. "I left my knife in my room—need it to mend my quiver." Elladan was not so discreet about his mirth. He smiled at his youngest brother. "It is not so bad, Estel." "It is, too!" The boy fired back. "They'll leave none for me, and I like apples better than THEY do!" His emphasis on "I" and "they" made his brother laugh. "See for yourself, Ell'dan." He began kicking the legs of chair. "I need not. I know—" "Enough." Shaking his head, Elrond held up his hand for peace. "Estel, do not abuse the furniture." He turned to Elladan. "Go and make yourself useful." "Then I will go and bother Elrohir." "Yes, yes, as long as you leave Glorfindel and Erestor alone and do not set the house on fire." "I am not a child, Adar." Obediently his son got up and left the room. "As long as Estel is not as passionate as Isildur was about fruit, I do not think there will be any problems." He escaped before Elrond could say anything. "Who's Isildur?" Estel asked innocently. "Someone who was long dead. I will tell you more about him in the future," Elrond hastily replied. And not anytime in the near future, he thought to himself. Elladan, you and I will have a talk tonight, if possible… "What did Elladan mean 'as long as I'm not as passhun—passionate as Isildur was about fruit,' Ada?" The child swung his feet carelessly as he gazed at Elrond. Reluctantly, Elrond decided to talk a little bit more on the subject of Isildur. "Do you remember what I told you about Númenor?" At Estel's nod, the peredhel continued. "And the Ar-Pharazôn?" "I remember. But what does what have anything to do with a tree?" He thought for a moment. "I know! He wanted to eat all the fruit, so 'Sildur had to go and punish him. Did he come and strike him down with a sword?" There was a smothered laugh from the behind the door. The Lord of Imladris also suppressed a smile. "Not quite, but close. The king wanted to burn down the tree—" "Why? Trees are nice. At least, when no squirrels live in them." He made a face. "Because Someone bad told him to do it." One could actually hear the capital "S" in that sentence. "So, one night, Isildur went past the guards, disguised so that no one would recognize him, and stole a fruit right from the tree, and ran off with it." "Did anyone catch him? Was there a fight?" Estel leaned forward. "Did he get away?" "He got away, injured but alive." His father replied. "And a tree now thrives in Gondor." "Good. Isildur sounds like a nice person." The boy bounced in his seat. "Maybe one day I can be like him and do great things." A strangled sound came from the hallway. Elrond coughed discreetly. "Perhaps, Estel. Perhaps. You are still far too young." "You always say that." Estel folded his arms and frowned. "You say that about everything. I don't think it's fair at all." "And I will say it until the day I deem you old enough to be on your own." "But Ada—" a thoughtful look appeared on the boy's face. "Maybe-maybe I can be like him." "What do you mean, iôn ?" "It means that I can go and defend my apples!" Estel pushed himself off his chair and ran toward the elf sitting across him. "Can I throw stones at them?" This time, Elladan's laughter could clearly be heard. Since when did this innocent child become such a bloodthirsty little warrior? Elrond thought. "Nay!" he said firmly. "You certainly may not!" "But," The eager look was replaced by one of sadness. "They'll eat all my apples!" he wailed. "And there won't be any left for me!" Elladan wondered if this would be a good time to call Gilraen. Beside him, Elrohir nudged his arm. "If he had not started crying, this all would have been rather amusing. Perhaps it could be useful information when he is older." "Shh! I cannot hear when you are whispering in my ear!" Elladan absently pushed his brother away, though in reality, he liked Elrohir's idea. Elrond gathered the child up in his arms, seeing he was on the verge of tears. "Hush now, penneth ," he said quietly. "Have you ever considered that the squirrels might think the tree was theirs?" Indignant, Estel placed his hands his against his father's shoulders and began pushing, trying to get down. "But you said it was mine ," he insisted. "My tree, my apples!" "No one told the squirrels." Elrond merely gripped the boy a little tighter, not even wincing when a small fist smacked him squarely in the chest. He had, after all, raised three children of his own along with twenty-four Heirs of Isildur before Estel. "Squirrels are not people, Estel nîn. They probably think that you were stealing from them ." At this, the child ceased his squirming and looked up. "Oh," he said in small voice. "I hadn't thought of that." "Exactly." The half elf loosened his hold on the boy. "Squirrels like apples, maybe even more than you do. Would you take away from them something they enjoy?" Estel looked properly horrified. "Then what should I do?" he asked, fiddling with one of Elrond's braids. "There is nothing you can do," The elf lord replied, tucking his hair away from his face. "Except perhaps not yell at the squirrels." He smiled. "There are other apple trees in Imladris, penneth. There will be plenty left." "For winter, too?" "Aye. Enough apples to last you until throughout the year." The child pushed away from his father. "But I hate it when they throw acorns at me." Elrond chuckled. "I can do nothing about that, Estel." He leaned close to whisper into the boy's ear. "Be glad that Rivendell's squirrels are not like the black squirrels that live in Mirkwood." "Why?" "You will have to ask your brother about their encounter with those…vicious beings." Two loud shouts of protests could be heard. Giggling, Estel slid off Elrond's lap and ran off. "Tell me, El!" Elrond heard him say as he rounded the door. "Or I'll tell Ada about the time you two—" "Hush, Estel!" Elrohir hissed. "Ada is not supposed to know about that! You promised!" Elrond laughed to himself. Oh, the trouble the child would get into when he was older. As he left the room, sparing only one glance at the three who were wrestling on the ground, he headed for the kitchens. Pushing the door open the half-elf walked