Title: The Qualities of a Ranger Disclaimer: Not mine. Never will be. Aragorn belongs to the great Tolkien. Rating: PG-13. Warnings: Slight AU warning. No romance (Except to some Aragorn/Arwen), no slash, and the violence is only mentioned. Summary: Concerning a tattered, leather-bound book of a certain Ranger. "One does not learn to be a Ranger in a day, a week, or even a month," Estel writes in his journal. That may be the case, but if one were to compare his writings from when he first joined the Dúnedain to the time he was known as "Strider," many differences can be found. 3rd Place Winner in the Teitho Contest "Well-Laid Plans." A/N: Many thanks to all who voted for this story! This is only the original version. When I have time, I plan to expand this, and post an EE (Extended Edition) of this story. The word "plan" most likely appear s nowhere in this story. However, this story does include plans, plans that Estel/Aragorn makes. :) Be warned, however, that because this is a journal, thoughts may be scattered, the entries may jump topics, and that there are some grammar mistakes. Aragorn was never known for his writing! The Qualities of a Ranger (Excerpted from the journal of Estel Elrondion .) Part I April 3, Year 2947 of the Third Age I dislike writing by the light of only one candle. However, that cannot be helped; I'm supposed to be in bed at this moment, but am feeling too excited to sleep. Ada has finally given his blessings for me to join my kin, the Dúnedain. I have waited for him to say those words since I was thirteen. Now, after four years, he has consented (Not that he is entirely happy with the idea; today he continuously tells me how I should be careful, and how I must always listen to the advice of my elders). I leave tomorrow with Elladan and Elrohir, heading to the nearest Dúnedain village. Dan says we should reach the place in three days. Once I learn to be a ranger, then maybe Ada will let me wander on my own when I turn twenty—an age impossibly far away. Of course, there are also the rites that I have to perform before I am deemed an adult and a warrior. (1) Sometimes I wish that growing up and becoming a warrior does not require so many rites and responsibilities. Ada says that "Warriors are made, not born. It can be a title, but it is a title that must be earned, and it comes with the traits of bravery, strength, wisdom, patience, humility, and self-sacrifice." I usually don't remember his long proverbs and sayings, but this one stuck out. Maybe because I don't exactly have those traits? I would like to consider myself a warrior. My brother says I fight well, and I can use nearly every sort of weapon I come upon. I have the blood of both Elves and Men; a funny combination. But do I have the quality? Bravery: Well, the only thing I fear at the moment is Ada's anger, Orcs, and wargs. But I don't think that counts as bravery. Strength: I know Ada does not mean physical strength—I would lose to the strength of a troll. But what sort of "mental" strength does he mean? The strength to not show pain? Nay, that is more like bravado. Perhaps…strength in doing the right thing? Ada can be so vague at times. It ties in with bravery, I know that much. Wisdom: I definitely do not have that yet. I'm too young to be considered wise. Patience: I am ashamed to say I have very little of this. Ada is ever after me for being too impulsive. Humility: I have tried at this and failed. Perhaps when I am old and venerable I shall be considered humble. Self-sacrifice: Another one of Ada's sayings—"You never know how much you really believe anything until its truth of falsehood become a matter of life and death to you." (2) The thought of that is frightening. Ada can do that, Elladan and Elrohir can, and so do Glorfindel and some others I know. But can I? Valuing something or someone—unless they are my family—over my own life just does not sound like a bright future. This is all very tiring. I'm beginning to think that these things are like instincts the Eldar have. And now I must end here, because Glorfindel is threatening to tell my father I am still awake. I wonder how he knew, though. I stuffed a blanket under the door… April 8 One does not learn to be a Ranger in a day, a week, or even a month. I have found this out the hard, painful, and embarrassing way. Elladan says that rangers are "scruffy but ingenious." I think I fit neither criterion. Perhaps it is because I have lived among Elves for most of my life, hence the "un-scruffiness." As for the ingenious part, I have failed my first test regarding that. The journey had been uneventful enough; we ran into no trouble. The weather was fine, and I spent most of the ride talking with my brothers. We reached the outpost as the sun was setting, and I met with my kin. This was not the first time; they had occasionally traveled to Rivendell. I knew the names of several, including Halbarad, my cousin and the closest kin I have. The Dúnedain are fascinating, I will admit. They are men, edain , like me. But I am not one of them…at least, not yet. Would it be an insult if I said I felt closer to the Elves than to the Dúnedain? The only resemblance I have is the dark hair and grey eyes we share. These men looked at me curiously, and questioned my brothers regarding my upbringing, my education, and my skills. The word "awkward" isn't enough to express how I felt. They spoke quietly of the "Heir of Isildur" to my brothers, glancing at me when they thought I wasn't looking. I, an heir of anything? Unlikely. In fact, I find that ludicrous. I'm not a leader of any sort. I am merely Estel, the adopted son of Elrond. Though he speaks little of my blood father, what I can garner makes the possibility of me being an heir impossible. Perhaps I bear resemblance to the Heir; I don't know. I hope that does not effect their assumptions about me. They then questioned me. Ada told they might, so I was not surprised. I think they were impressed. Or, at least, they were impressed until it came to my first test. I am rather ashamed to write it down, but since no one will read this journal except, I'll write it down. Maybe in my old age I will find it humorous. My brother taught me many skills, and not just weapons, but also things such as hunting, tracking, and the like. I am fond of them all, except one— Traps. I'm clumsy at setting them. Making them takes me a long time. I prefer the simplicity of using a bow. Was it my bad luck that Halbarad told me to make one on the spot? I could swear that my brothers were laughing behind my back as I did so. At least I was successful today. Until sometime later, while talking, I was pacing, and quite forgetting about that snare, stepped right into it. And there I hung from a tree, upside down for the entire world to see. Elladan and Elrohir were beside themselves with laughter. And the men were smiling. I spent the rest of the day nursing my sore ankle and bruised pride. During the night, I asked Elladan if I had the skill to be a Ranger someday. He told not to worry, that I was still young and had plenty of time. "You always say that!" I said in frustration. "But it is the truth." he had replied. "One day, little brother, you will learn that being a Ranger actually does not require skills, or even talent. It requires a lifetime of learning and adapting." A lifetime. The horrors! I do not have the lifespan of the Eldar. How do they expect me to do that? He sounds too much like Ada when he spouts such sayings. Do all the Eldar enjoy puzzling me all the time? On a lighter note, tomorrow I am to be tested in my swordsmanship and bowmanship. I think that should be easy enough. April 24 I have not written for some time—too busy. I must wake up early, before dawn, and I bed down in the dead of night. My many duties keep me at work most of the time. I like most of them, except that I had to learn how to sew (My fingers are permanently scarred!), cook (What I cook is only fit for pigs), and I saw other things I thought fit only for females. Much to my shame my mistakes are many. It is a small wonder that Ada says patience is a virtue. I hope that one day I will do something without making myself look the fool. I have been with the Dúnedain for at least a fortnight. And it has been a very long fortnight. I am beginning to feel like a Ranger (Even smelling like one. I'm not sure I like the "scruffy" part, though). My brother left me only a week ago, on my own. I think they were reluctant, but this had already been planned beforehand. When still in Rivendell, I thought I would be glad to be out of their care. I was wrong. I miss them, and I can say on the first night they were not there, I cried, but only a little. I couldn't help it. After seventeen years of their company and Ada's, this feeling of being on my own is foreign to me. The Rangers are kind and helpful, especially Halbarad. He goes of his way to teach me things, and even engages in lively conversation. They are not terribly grim, like in some stories that I have heard. But they are not my family. As much as I wish to become one of them, the longing to be home is still there. It is why I have not been writing. Keeping myself occupied and too tired for writing chases any thoughts of home. But it still does not dull the longing. I feel it most keenly during the nights, when I am alone. I try not to think about how long I will stay here. Four months is a very long time. March 1 My eighteenth birthday has come and gone. No one made any mention, and neither did I. Today was spent like any other day. I have feeling that once I am a Ranger, more birthdays will pass without notice. Its days like these, days that are memorable to me, when my mind turns home. Elladan and Elrohir are either at home or out on one of their excursions. Ada is probably busy, doing what he always does. His life goes on even without me. I wonder if he thinks of me. I think of him often. His face was sad, resigned, when I left, as if he knew what paths I would be taking. I want to make him proud of me. Love and approval are two different things in my thinking, no matter what my father says. I wish my future were not so cloudy, nor my mind so undecided. For example, a part of me wants to grow up quickly. Another part wishes for life to slow down. A part of me wants to be famous, someone renowned and respected. But another part of me enjoys the anonymous life the Rangers lead. In two years, I will be twenty. No longer a boy, a youth, but a