Thunder blasted through the dark sky coated in light blue blankets of storm clouds. Lightning threatened to strike. Rain flushed down Privet Drive as if it had transformed into a river. Another blast of thunder bolted Harry Potter from his nightmares. He numbly scrambled to find his glasses on his bedside table. He retrieved them and threw them onto his cold, sweaty face. His frowzy black hair clung to his forehead. He shut his eyes and thought back to his dream: " Speak. What news do you have?" Lord Voldemort hissed. " There is talk about the girl having been relocated," a man replied. " To where?" " They don't know, my Lord." " If they do not know then you are useless to me." Voldemort placed his hand on the head of a large snake. "Nagini…" The snake raised its head and focused its attention on the man. " Wait, wait! There is more," the man spoke quickly. "We have been betrayed. The girl was watched by one of us but he spoke of our plans to the enemy. That's why she has been moved." " Then find her. I will deal with the betrayer. You may leave." " Thank you, my Lord." A small click brought Harry back to reality. He retrieved his wand from underneath the white lumpy piece of fabric the Dursley's had given him for a pillow. He held it out cautiously in front of him. The doorknob turned slowly. Harry took a small step back. The door opened slowly and a tiny dot of light floated into his bedroom. The light illuminated a dark figure. Harry squinted through the darkness and gripped his wand tightly. "Who's there?" he said quietly. The figure moved closer. Harry's heart began to pound against his chest. He felt his way through his room to his bedside table, flicked his lamp on, and jumped back startled. The figure was a small girl with dark eyes and brown hair that flowed over her shoulders. She was soaking wet from the rain outside and was dripping cold water onto the carpet. "Hi," the girl said bluntly. "Err, hi," Harry replied. There was a moment of silence before Harry said, "Excuse me, but who are you?" "Listen, a lot of shit has gone down, Harry. I have a ton of stuff to tell you so just sit down and listen for a sec," said the girl. Harry didn't move. "I said sit down," the girl demanded. Harry sat down on the edge of his bed obediently. "Who are you?" Harry repeated. "We'll get to that later. I need to unpack my things. Where's your house elf?" the girl said impatiently ignoring his question again. "I don't have one," Harry said, getting annoyed by her haughty attitude. "This isn't my house." "Well, that's good, I guess. This house is ugly as hell. I would never want to live here. I mean all the houses look exactly the same. How do you even know which one is yours? But, how do you not have a house elf?" "Can we discuss this later? I would really like to know who I've just let into my bedroom." "Oh, please excuse me for my horrible manners," the girl smiled and rolled her eyes. She held out her hand. "It's nice to meet you, Harry. I'm Allison Potter." Harry shook her hand lightly, his eyes narrowing in confusion. "Err, nice to meet you... wait, did you said Allison Potter ?" Harry looked at her. He was sure he had been mistaken. "Yes," the girl told him. "But—" Harry started but the girl didn't let him finish. "I'm gonna explain everything but it's all really crazy and you're going to have to keep your mind open." "Go on..." "My name is Allison Potter. I am the only remaining witch in our family. Harry, I'm your cousin." "Hold on, you're my cousin?I don't have any family anymore. My only cousin is Dudley." "I told you to just listen to me!" Allison reminded him impatiently. "Just let me tell you what's going on. Geez!" Allison rolled her eyes again. "Okay, so I'm your cousin. My father is Matthew Potter. My father is your father's brother." "James Potter didn't have a brother," Harry told her plainly. "You think I don't know where I came from? I mean, you know nothing about our family at all, Harry. James Potter, your father, did have a brother. His name was Matthew. Your dad's brother is my father," Allison continued. "We're cousins." "But…" Harry started trying to put everything together. "This doesn't make any sense," Harry told her finally. "Does anything in your life ever make sense?" Allison reminded him. Harry eyed her questioningly. He didn't object. "Well, if you have a family, then what are you doing here at the Dursley's?" "I don't have a family!" Allison said impatiently. "You're not really helping the situation by asking all these questions. Can't I just tell you what's going on before you open your mouth?" she snapped. "Shh, my Uncle, Aunt, and cousin are still asleep!" Harry hissed. Allison looked at the door as if they might burst in at any second. "Anyway," she continued, "your parents weren't the only ones killed by Voldemort, Harry." Allison looked down at the floor and twisted a piece of her dark brown hair around her finger. Harry stayed silent. Allison took a deep breath and continued. "You may be the "boy-who-lived" and all, but you're certainly not the only person who lived." Allison tucked a piece of her hair behind her left ear, revealing a dark lightning bolt shaped scar on the side of her forehead completely identical to Harry's own. "We're closer than you may think, Harry." Harry was silent for a moment. He took a deep breath trying to process all this new information that Allison had just forced upon him in the middle of the night. Allison closed the door to Harry's bedroom. She opened her trunk and pulled out a pair of black sweatpants and a white t-shirt and threw them on the bed beside Harry. An awkward silence fell between them. "I'm going to get dressed. Where's the bathroom?" Allison asked. Harry nodded to the door. "Just across the hall." Allison left Harry. Thoughts swarmed through his mind as though a bee hive had exploded within it. His ideas were like bees, buzzing about in circles in his head. How did Allison get that scar on her head? She had to have been there when I got mine. How did Allison escape Voldemort just as I did? How come Dumbledore never told me about her? If Allison was my cousin, then why did I have to come live with the Dursley's? And the biggest question of all, why had she chosen tonight to show up on the Dursley's doorstep? Allison came back into the room and sat down on the bed beside Harry "Why did you come here?" Harry asked. "Dumbledore sent me," she replied. "You know Dumbledore?" he asked, shocked. Allison rolled her eyes. "Everyone knows Dumbledore, Harry. You're 16 years old and you still don't know stuff about the wizarding world. It's kinda pathetic really… seeing that you're Harry Potter and all." Harry didn't know how to respond so he just asked: "Well, why did Dumbledore send you?" "I was born in the United States in Virginia. My mom, dad, and I moved to North Alabama to go into hiding when I was a little less than a year old." Allison told him. Harry nodded. "See, my dad worked for the branch of the Ministry in the United States. My parents were also part of the original Order of the Phoenix with your parents. I don't know why You-Know-Who was after them but it must have had something to do with what my dad was doing for the U.S. branch of the Ministry. You-Know-Who tracked them down though and so, after my parents were murdered by You-Know-Who, Dumble—" "Wait," Harry cut her off. "Why did Voldemort not try to kill you too?" "Can you let me finish?" Allison snapped. "You-Know-Who had no idea of my existence at the time. My parents hid me and after they were killed, Dumbledore came and took me to your house in Godric's Hollow. He didn't know that that was precisely where You-Know-Who was headed next. You-Know-Who came the next night. Your mom gave her life to save both of us. That's why You-Know-Who's spell rebounded when he tried to kill us both. I was with you when he tried to kill you. I got the scar on the side of my forehead the same time you got yours. That's the reason You-Know-Who nearly died that night." "I'm just supposed to believe all this, Allison?" Harry snapped. "You can call me, Alli," Allison interrupted him, "No one really calls me Allison." "Okay," Harry continued, "so... Dumbledore knew this whole time that I had family, and he never told me?" "Yeah, I don't know. I never knew you were related to me either. I just recently found out myself. I mean I knew my last name was Potter and the famous "boy-who-lived" had the last name of Potter but I never really put two and two together, you know?" "Right," Harry said slowly. "So, where have you been all this time then?" "Dumbledore took me from your house that night and brought me to this family, the Herndon's. They were my guardians until just recently. But Dumbledore decided that he doesn't trust them much anymore. I've been with the Herndon's my whole life. I trusted them and well, Dumbledore won't tell me why I've been moved. It must be a really big deal though because he really had nowhere else to send me but here." "Why?" She snorted, "Nobody wants the challenge of trying to hide someone from Voldemort." "Voldemort wants you, too?" Harry asked curiously. "That's why I'm here, I guess," Alli said with a shrug of her shoulders. "Oh, right." Harry paused for a moment. "So, we really are that close, aren't we?" he muttered. "Yes." Alli sighed. "Well I'm really tired now. I literally like stood out there in the rain forever because I was trying to find the right house and they all look the same. It was really difficult." Alli said in all seriousness. "I bet," Harry said sarcastically. "I'm ready to go to bed," Alli said folding her arms across her chest. Harry pulled an old mattress out from under his bed. It was dusty and covered in mysterious brown stains. Alli wrinkled her nose at this. Harry put it in the middle of the floor and threw some blankets on top of it. As Harry was setting up Alli's bed on the floor, Alli pulled a furry pink blanket from her trunk and climbed into Harry's own bed, snuggling down under the covers. "You can sleep there," Harry told her gesturing to the dirty mattress. Alli blinked slowly. "Why don't you sleep there?" Alli asked him. "Alli, be reasonable. Go sleep on the floor." "But… I'm the guest, aren't I?" Alli said, "Shouldn't I get the more comfortable place to sleep?" Harry rolled his eyes. He sighed and tried to get comfortable on the dirty mattress. "Plus, I heard the Dursley's treat you like shit so you should be used to sleeping on the floor." "Right, that's why they gave me a bedroom...with a bed ," he replied. Alli snorted. "Right," Alli laughed. "Well good night!" "Goodnight." Harry found it rather easy to fall back asleep even on the thin mattress without a pillow. He wanted to think more about what Alli had told him but he couldn't keep himself awake. So, he slowly drifted off to sleep. Sunlight burst through the cloudy sky the next morning, warming up the cold damp ground. Alli rolled over in bed and rubbed her eyes. "Get up, you insufferable piece of shit, its past ten!"