A/N: So this story came to me and will not leave me alone so that I can edit my other stories…. So here is a new one for you all…. This story will be AU in a lot of ways! Disclaimer: I don't own HP! ~/~/~/~/~/~/~/~ Lucius was sitting in his study talking to Severus, Albus, Narcissa, Remus, Rabastan, and surprisingly Rudolphus about changing sides when he felt the wards shift around Malfoy Manor. He frowned and tensed up as he looked at Albus. "Albus you didn't give Draco permission to leave Hogwarts tonight did you?" Albus shook his head and sat up straighter when he saw the way Lucius held himself. "No, I didn't Lucius. Why?" Lucius drew his wand as he stood up. "Because someone just crossed the wards. The only ones who can do that are those in this room and those who have Malfoy blood or are with someone who has Malfoy blood. If Draco is at school then nobody should be able to cross the wards." Albus, Severus, Remus, Rabastan, and Rudolphus all stood up and drew their wands. However before they could even move four steps forward they all stopped in their tracks as a large group of people landed in front of them. Lucius' eyes widened at the sight of all the people who had landed in front of him and the others. His eyes widened even further when his eyes landed on some of the kids that were in the group. He narrowed his eyes and cleared his throat. "Who are you? How did you get through my wards?" His eyes widened again when one of the young children looked up and squealed "Daddy!" His mouth dropped open but before he could say anything he found himself with an armful of a girl that couldn't be more than six years old who threw herself at him. He caught her in his arms and struggled to stay on his feet as he looked carefully at the girl in his arms. "Why did you call me Daddy little girl?" One of the older men who had come with the children cleared his throat. "She called you Daddy because that is who you are to her. I have letters for Malfoy, Snape, Dumbledore, Harry, Hermione, Remus, and Cissa." At the man's voice everyone gasped but it was Remus who hissed "How are you here? Five of us here saw you go through the veil. Who are you? I know that you are not Padfoot!" Sirius sighed. "Actually I am Padfoot, Moony. When I went through the veil I was still alive so it spit me back out. However I ended up in another world. The world that I ended up in was also quite a few years ahead of this one. There is quite a bit that was different in the world I ended up in compared to this world. What year is it anyways?" Everyone's mouths dropped open in shock but it was Albus who finally said "We all need to talk I think. But I think it would be best if all of the children were to be elsewhere while we do." The girl still in Lucius' arms grinned and called out "Mips!" Lucius' eyes widened once again when the elf in question popped in. He looked down at the girl in his arms and then at the elf. "Mips will you take the children to the old nursery please?" Mips eyes widened and she enthusiastically nodded her head. "Mips will do that Master. Comes along children." One of the other older men with the group cleared his throat and said "Uh Mips there are two babies that you will need to carry with you. They are only three months old." Lucius', Albus', Severus', Remus', Narcissa's, Rabastan's, and Rudolphus' eyes all widened at that and then they all watched as Mips took both babies into her arms before leading at least twenty-five children out of the study. Once all the kids were out of the study Albus turned back towards Sirius and said "Now why don't you introduce everyone who is with you Sirius? Also to be sure that you are indeed Sirius tell me something that nobody else would know." Sirius huffed and rolled his eyes. "You made Snape take an unbreakable vow to never tell anyone that I had him lured to the Shrieking Shack during Moony's transformation. After you had him take the vow you gave me detention for the rest of the school year and made sure that Gryffindor didn't win the House cup that year and that Slytherin did." Albus nodded and then chuckled at the look on Severus' face. "Did you really think I would let him get away with what he had done to you Severus? I may have been blind and I may have made you make that vow to me but I still made sure that Sirius paid for what he did to you. I wasn't going to make Remus pay for Sirius' bad judgment so since I couldn't expel Sirius without expelling Remus I chose to make Sirius' life a living hell for the rest of the school year. Now Sirius who is it that you brought with you? And why did you all come here? How did you come here?" Sirius chuckled and then nodded. "I'll start with the easiest. We came to be here by the veil in some ways and by old magic in others. When I ended up in the other world I met James, Lily, Severus, Lucius, Cissa, Remus, Harry, the Weasley's, James jr, Liliana, and a whole bunch of other people. In the other world James and Lily were still alive and they came with us to this world. Voldemort was killed the night that he tried to kill James and Lily and didn't come back to life but Death Eaters still set about killing everyone. About six months ago in the other world the killings picked up again and after Hermione was killed this morning I was asked to get all of the kids and bring them here so that is what I did. The only thing is I brought Lily, James, Regulus who was also in the other world after he got threw into the veil, Frank, Alice, Ted, and Bellatrix with me which are the adults with me. The Albus in the world I was in said it didn't matter if there were two of the same person in the world. He demanded I bring the ones I did with me so that they would survive. I tried to bring Harry with me but he wanted to stay and avenge his wife's death. So I brought Harry's kids, Lucius' kids, Snape's kids, Remus' kids, Lily, James, Regulus, Alice, Frank, Bella, and all of their kids with me that were still alive. As I said earlier I have letters for Snape, Malfoy, Albus, Cissa, Remus, and even one for Hermione and Harry. I was reassured by the Albus in the world that we just came to that even if Snape, Malfoy, and Remus get together with who they were with in the other world in this world that the kids from the other world wouldn't cease to exist. They would just be older than themselves that are born in this world. I also think that it would be a good idea if someone were to give Bella, Alice, and Lily a chair to sit in since all three women are currently pregnant. They need to be off of their feet after the adventure we had in order for us to get here." With the last couple of sentences that Sirius said Rudolphus, Severus, Lucius, and Narcissa all moved to make room for more chairs and then conjured them. Once they had enough chairs they all motioned for the others to sit down. Once everyone from the new group was sitting down Lucius, Remus, Severus, Rabastan, Rudolphus, and Albus also sat down and then looked at the new group. Albus turned to look at Sirius again and held out his hand. "Let me read the letter my other self wrote to me Sirius." Sirius nodded and then after grabbing several out of his robe pocket he found the one with Albus' name on it and handed it to him. "It is charmed to where only you can read it. Your other self did say to read it out loud so that everyone will know what is going on." Albus nodded and cleared his throat as he unrolled the letter and read it out loud. Dear Albus, I know that this must be weird for you to receive a letter from yourself but it cannot be helped. Those that have suddenly appeared in Lucius' Malfoy's study is there at my behest and that of Severus Snape's, Remus Lupin's, Narcissa Snape, and Lucius Malfoy himself. There are letters for others but I have instructed Sirius Black to make sure that you got this letter first. First off let me tell you something that only we would know so that you know that this is a letter indeed to yourself from yourself. You have been married to Minerva McGonagall since the end of her seventh year. Now that, that is out of the way let me tell you why I have sent Bellatrix Black, Regulus Black, Sirius Black, James and Lilly Potter, Alice and Frank Longbottom, and Ted Tonks to your world or back to your world as it may be. James and Lily did die in your time but they lived in my world. I have ways that I am able to see between the two worlds but after I send this group to you it will be shut off so that no others can follow behind them. In my world Sirius and Regulus Black appeared out of thin air after they were sent through the veil alive. They have both helped our cause here. You may be wondering why Lucius' Malfoy's kids are there and it is simple really. His wife was killed this morning by a group of Death Eaters and he wanted them to be sent some place safe and some place where they will still have their Mother. Harry Potter also sent his kids with Sirius and the others because his wife was also killed this morning. I will not say who their wives are but suffice to say both Harry and Hermione will know in your world as soon as they get the letters that were sent with Sirius. Voldemort tried to kill the Potter's but it back fired and he was killed in this world. We knew of the horcruxes and have already destroyed them in this world. I have sent a list with Sirius so that you know what they are and where they are so that you can destroy them in your world. Bellatrix LeStrange was a spy for the light side in my world and I have sent her to your world because she is now pregnant and I will not have her hurt on my watch. I do know that your Bellatrix has died or will die at the hands of Voldemort shortly and you must allow this to happen so that when someone goes back and tells him that they have seen Bellatrix he will not take it seriously. Make sure that Bella, Alice, and Lily all get the care that they need since they are carrying children within them. I need for you to go to Hogwarts as soon as you read this and check on Hermione Granger. She will be attacked tonight and if you don't get to Hogwarts as soon as you are done she will die and she must not die. I hope that one day my world will also become your world but that will not happen if your world cannot join the light and dark like we did in my world.