Where the Lightning Struck "I've done something terrible Albus!" Within the grand castle of Hogwarts, safe from the howling storm outside, a tall, dark haired young man ran through the doors of the Headmaster's office, his face paler than usual. "Severus Snape. I did not expect to see you here at this time of night. Most unusual I dare say." Too far gone to snap at the headmaster as he usually would, the young potions professor of Hogwarts fell to his knees, eyes pleading for forgiveness that the elder could not give. "He knows Albus. The dark lord knows of the Potters, and their child. He knows of the prophecy Albus!" Suddenly feeling his age, the old wizard brought a hand to his eyes, wishing that what he could not see would cease to exist. But when his hand fell away, the horror-struck young man was still in his presence, he had still given him the horrible news. "How could he? How could you? I was only told last night! Why, I haven't even informed the Potters!" In shame the younger man could no longer face his headmaster, eyes fixed instead on the speculative eyes of past headmasters who covered the walls of the office. "I…I was spying on his behalf." "Spying? On me you mean." "Y-yes." Rage filled the aged wizard. He had trusted Severus. Given more trust in him than any other professor at Hogwarts, despite many telling him he was a fool to do so. He truly was. A fool. "You will come with me Severus Snape. You will come, and look the Potters in the eyes as I explain to them why their son, their baby boy is being targeted by a mad man. You will then look into the eyes of the child, the child you have condemned to death!" If possible the potions professor grew paler, his eyes blown wide in fear and terror. "No! Please! I beg of you! I did not know that the child of the prophecy was Lily's son! If I had, I would never have-" "But if he were another's, you would have no qualms signing them up for slaughter? If it had been the Longbottom's son? Would you still have warned me? Or left them to suffer at the hands of your Lord?" Gulping down his anxiety at what he knew would be an inescapable fate for him, he said nothing. "Take my hand Severus, Fawkes will take us to the Potter's home. That is where you will tell them, your old friend and rival, that their son is wanted dead." Tears that had never fallen during his Lord's torture sessions, began to pool and pour from his dark eyes as he held his companion's hand. Fawkes, screeched at him once before resting on Albus' shoulder, flashing the both of them to Godric's Hollow. The insistent knocking at the door had the young married couple inside look up from the crib in which their beloved son lay. Lilly Potter scooped little Harry into her arms, following her husband as he walked cautiously to the door, wand in hand. These were troubled times and at this late hour the visitor could be anyone from a death eater, a war victim, an order of the phoenix member or even-"Albus!" Opening the door a little wider James Potter caught sight of one of the last people he wanted near his family standing next to the headmaster and leader of the order of the phoenix, which naturally made him look at the elder of the two in suspicion. "The first time you saw me with my family heirloom what was I doing?" Albus Dumbledore gave his ex-student a wane smile before answering, "Visiting the kitchens I believe." James nodded once before looking at Snape in unguarded suspicion. His old schoolyard enemy was not even scowling at him…something was not right. "Severus? Why are you- you look horrible! Let me make tea and bring you a pepper-up." Obsidian eyes caught brilliant green, shame, guilt and a touch of everlasting sorrow and love shone through. Lilly was taken aback by such vast, intense emotions from her once best friend. "I'm afraid this is not a friendly visit Lilly. You and James may need to sit down while Severus tells you exactly what it is he fears and why." As though she knew what was going to be said, Lilly clutched onto young Harry, her eyes seeking out her husband's in dismay. Their hands clasped together, as they took in the onslaught of information, one horrible piece at a time. The raged shouts and pained screams of the couple flooded the room, soon being followed by the wails of a young child who could only comprehend that his parents were hurting. Soon enough colourful lights erupted from two wands, James' attacking Severus who had no desire to defend himself, while Albus' ceased James' foolishness. There was no time, they had to hide now! "Enough James! You have very little time to escape Voldemort's impending attack, now is not the time to harm the messenger. Think of Lilly and Harry. Their safety is paramount, no?" That got to James. His family was in danger and whether he liked it or not, he was no match for Voldemort. Lightning flashed, flooding the skies with blinding white light for mere seconds. The thunder resounded far longer. Like a bad omen of what was to come, the rain poured harder around the village of Godric's Hollow, the wind picking up in speed and ferocity. One house's fence blew away completely, but not by the wind. No, the dark Lord Voldemort approached the home where just moments ago two wizards had knocked on the door bearing the worst kind of news in such circumstances as war. Spindly fingers crept out of the billowing sleaves of his robes, caressing the wood of the door before pulling back and bringing out his wand. With a swift ' Bombarda!' the door tore off its hinges, conveniently knocking a pacing father unconscious. "JAMES!" A cruel laughter rung out at the woman's screams. The child in her arms crying loudly at his fallen father. Albus Dumbledore stood in front of both of them as Severus Snape tugged at the arm of the red haired woman, insisting she follow him to safety. "Ah Severus, I see your love for the mudblood made you finally choose your place in the war. A dead man at that, imagine." Gritting his teeth at the remark the potions professor successfully managed to pull mother and child away from the ensuing battle. "No! Severus, no! James! James is still there!" Ignoring her, the tall, raven haired man tore through the house's back door. The closest apparition point now that the dark Lord had placed powerful wards around the village was up the grassy hill of the cemetery. "Please Lilly! You must take your son and apparate away from here." He dared a glance her way. Her hair seemed to burn with embers as she raced behind him, still clutching her child to her breast as though he would disappear if she let him escape her body heat for just a moment. He wanted to cry. The woman he loved from the depths of his soul was hand in hand with him, fleeing from the danger he had wrought upon her and her family. All breath left him in one sharp gasp as the walls of the Potter home collapsed inwards. The roof fell with nothing left to hold it up. Knowing his face was giving away his shock and horror Lilly could not help but look behind her, still blindly running through the vicious storm. Severus felt his arm being pulled downwards as Lilly and little Harry fell. Cries from both mother and child caught his ears and despite his vision burring from the rain, Severus could see that their bodies shook from something far worse than the cold air. Any hope of the dark lord being struck down by the fallen building was crushed when colourful lights seeped through the cracks of the shattered remains of a home, and a near skeletal figure emerged, hood drawn. "Severus! James…Albus…they're-" "Lilly please, you must keep running! We are almost there. I will delay the dark lord as long as I can but you must please keep running! At the tallest point of the cemetery you can apparate to safety. Please…I…I love you. Always have and always will. I'm sorry, I am so sorry." One wet palm grasped his cheek and a sweet kiss was laid on his forehead. Lilly had always been caring and it was clear that the years of having to ignore her once inseparable friend had not only hurt him, but her. "I forgive you Sev." The skies protested against her words, thunder rolling overhead in waves. Severus did not care. He wouldn't care even if lightning had struck him in that moment, for his Lilly had forgiven him. He wouldn't care if the dark Lord slaughtered him with his own curse just as long as his Lilly was safe…and her son. For that to happen he had to let her go, she had to run immediately. Pushing her gently towards the hill, he turned towards the man he had once fought for. Wonder for what happened to the old headmaster subsided as his death drew nearer, one cold step at a time. "My, my Severus. You are the spy? I never expected such…imbecilic behaviour from one so close to me. Surely you knew that you would not flee with your life?" A tumultuous battle between guilt and determination warred within Severus. He would have followed the dark Lord to the end of his last breath, perfectly happy to be a spy for the dark and constantly putting himself in danger and under the suspicious eyes of the light. But his loyalty came into question when his mentor and leader sought out the blood of his loved one and her child. "No, my Lord. I am not the spy you seek. My actions tonight were driven by-" The dark Lord's footsteps never ceased until he stood mere centimetres from who he once believed to be one of his most loyal followers. In a cruel mockery of Lilly's own hand against his cheek, Voldemort caressed his skin, his warm breath embracing the same forehead Lilly had kissed. Filled with shock and fear now, Severus tightened his hold on his wand, but never raised it against the other wizard. "By your love for the mudblood? The married mudblood whose son is destined to vanquish me?" Scornful laughter flooded his ears. Oh he knew what that was, he had been the victim of such laughter throughout his miserable life, an abusive father, Potter and his bully friends three and the undiscerning pureblood death eaters. All of whom were now dead, running or held captive. To hear it on his lord's lips was a painful blow. "Severus, you'll be pleased to know that her husband lies dead under the ruins of his house, by my hand. Once I kill the boy, there will be no one in your way when you take the mudblood for yourself. Let it not be said that the dark lord was not merciful and generous to those loyal to him." Despite it being beneath him, Severus could not hold back the hysterical laughter at his lord's words. "My lord is kind to grant me such mercies. I would beg for as much, though I knew it would be pointless. Lilly…Lilly Potter would not stand aside as you kill her son. She would rather die and thus, I too must give my life for I cannot imagine a world without her in it. I only wish I did not have to betray you." Sharp, talon like nails dug deep into the potions master's face, clawing at the skin like a predatory beast. "You think I do not know what