Triple Imprint Summery: Bella develops Multi personality disorder and three of the wolves Imprint on a different Bella. Paul Imprints on the sassy, bitchy and mouthy, Is. Jacob Imprints on the broken girl who can't breath without him, Bells. And Embry Imprints on the shy and timid girl, Isabella. How will they deal sharing her, plus to make it even more difficult she switches personalities randomly. Paul's Imprint Bella's POV. I couldn't Believe what was happening. Jake had been completely ignoring me. Every time I called he was either, 'Not here', 'sleeping' or 'Out'. Damn lair, was all I thought every time Billy answered the phone and sometimes he just didn't at all. But today was the worst, I was moody to put it mildly, and I seemed to be wearing a scroll as I parked up at school. One look at me and people backed off, they never seen me mad and it seemed to frighten them. As I walked into school I heard Tyler and Mike talking behind me. "I think I'm going to ask bella out today, there is this concert in settle that I think she'd like." Said Mike, Never even if I was paid to go, I thought. "Dude, you think that's a good idea? She looks really mad she might bite your head off, never seen her mad before." Said Tyler, and you don't want to, I thought again. "Nah, she will say yes, I know she likes me, a lot . The only reason we didn't get together last year was because Jessica liked me. Now she is going out with you-" "I don't go out with Jess." Tyler interrupted. "Well, now she likes you, whatever, the point is bella and I are a sure thing now." Mike said. The only sure thing with us is to be sure to reject you so bad you wouldn't do it again for a long, long time. The bell rang and I stormed off to English, the teacher in each of my classes drowned on and on. It was lunch when mike came up to me while I was just sitting by myself angrily. "Hey bella." Said mike sitting down. "Did I say you could sit there?" I snapped at him, he pretended he couldn't hear me as a nearby table laughed quietly at him. "Um, I was, kind of, hoping, that, if you weren't doing anything, that, maybe, you wanted to-" "No" I cut him off but he just had to finish. "Go to this concert with me in Seattle?" "Did your little golden retriever ears not hear me? I. Don't. Want. To go out with you and I never will. Don't you know how to take a hint? It appears not because I've been dropping them since I arrived here. Now. Leave. Me. Alone. " I said before I got up and, surprisingly, gracefully, walked out of the cafeteria. I walked to the parking lot and jumped in my truck. I drove down to the La Push reservation and towards Jake's school; it took me a little while to find, but not too long. I just sat outside of the school; I was waiting to give him a piece of my mind and to punch him. I felt like a different person then I was yesterday. I felt like I could kick Cullens ass. I'm sure I would if he came back right now, that parasite. Knock, knock, came the sound of someone tapping on my truck window, I turned my glare from the windscreen to the person tapping on my window. It was a guy, a big guy, tall and muscular, oh and don't forget totally hot, he had a tan body and a short buzz cut, he wasn't wearing a shirt, only a pair of cut off jeans shorts. His eight pack glistened with a light sheen of sweat, even though I was freezing my butt off. His god like body was not the reason why I was attracted to him, although it did help, it was his deep dark brown, almost black, eyes that drew me in. His face so angry soften as I starred into his eyes and he went form at me with hate and anger, to looking at me as if he was a little girl and I was a magical unicorn. Want, love and awe, were the main emotions swimming in his dark orb's, but there was an undercurrent of panic, anger, disbelief and disgust. I unlocked my truck door and stepped out and suddenly his body tensed and anger took over in his eyes. He started to shake and swear under his breath. "Fucking Imprint on a fucking leach lover and if that's not enough I'm going to get my ass chewed off by Jake not to fucking mention I get fucking leach leftovers…" he mutter going on and on it was half incomprehensible and took a while to understand and even then I didn't really understand what he was talking about. "What the fuck are you mumbling about? why the fuck did you knock on my window? How the fuck do you know Jake? What the fuck is a 'imprint'? did you just call me a fucking leach lover, because if you did, I will kick you in the balls my name is Izzy. And why are you doing an impression of a goldfish?" I yelled at him fed up with his mumbling as he just stood there gaping at me. I also had no idea why I said my name was Izzy rather than bella, but it sounded better then bella right now. Half a minute had past and still he had not spoken or moved, I didn't even think he had breathed in that time and I was getting angry at his lack of response. "Are you going to answer me?" I snapped at him but I think he was a bit slow. At least he's got looks on his side, I thought. Paul's POV I almost didn't make it out of the room and into the forest before I phased. That teacher just doesn't like me, even now that I'm one of 'La Push protectors' and before I was one she hated me. She didn't keep it a secret that she disliked me although she is a little bit subtler, things like calling me for a question that nobody else knows or using my paper as an example on what not to do. Bitch. Today she went too far, I not smart, I'll admit but I'm not stupid, I can read, write and form a fucking understandable sentence. Today she didn't care that I was a protector, nor did she care if the principle fired her for being an unfair teacher and picking on students, well not students , just me. I walked into class only fucking three minutes, 180 seconds, late so she gives me detention, then starts fucking mouthing off giving me a five minute lectures on the importance of being on time. Then I sit down at the back, like always, and she yells at me to sit at the fucking front right in the middle, to 'keep an eye on me' she had said, I gritted my teeth and did it trying to not phase trying to calm down my shaking in order to no kill anyone. I didn't know what the dumb bitch was thinking, I'm fucking HUGE, so how would the other students see? Unless they suddenly developed x-ray vision or she was trying to shrink me physically by yelling at me, probably the later one, I don't think that they'll see the board. Half-way through the lesson when she starts asking questions some over achieving boy sitting behind me says that he can see the board because of the 'giant' sitting in front of him, Me. Fuck you, I am not a giant , I am a werewolf, I thought about saying but instead I kept quiet as the teacher yelled at me for my body height and weight. What the fuck? I can't fucking control this shit, I turn into a fucking big ass wolf in my spear time and fucking protect my tribe from blood thirsty parasite how suck you dry. Even if I wasn't I supernatural creature, how can anyone reduce their height or mass. Then, after another five-minute lecture, this time on my size she sent me to sit at the back, where I was. But not before she gave me another detention for wasting the time of, not only her but also my follow peers who want to do more with their life then slack off. It was the fucking icing on the way to make me phase cake when she made me get up, stand in front of the class and apologise. I ran out of the class without a backwards glance and out of the school towards the forest, I was shaking badly, that it shook my body, made me tremble violently from head to toe. That was why I was here, in my big grey wolf form, trying to calm down, I was nearly calm when I thought of that bitch again, she was probably going to give me two detentions for this. Finally I calmed down enough to phase back to my human form and put on a pair of shorts that I kept in my bag just in case something like this happened. I walked to the edge of the forest, checking to see if anyone was there, I mean, what would you think if a guy came out of the forest, half naked and sweating, without and girl trailing behind. I saw no one but my keen eyes zoned in to a faded red truck, one I saw countless time in Jake's head. I was suddenly angry again, this girl loved the things that cause me and the rest of the pack to phase in the first place. How the fuck could anyone fucking love those killers? I didn't really know why, but I knew what I had to do, I was going to confront her, she fucking runs with leaches and then thinks that she can come onto our land. The fucking nerve of that bitch, I thought. I could see her better as I got closer to the truck, she looked much like what she did in Sam's thought the night he found her in the woods, she was not a zombie look-a-like. I loathed this girl, she always annoyed me, not actually personally, we had never meet. She annoyed me because she was the only thing the future alpha would think about. Bella this, and bella that, oh isn't bella just so pretty, I hope bella doesn't hate me, I hate that I broke my promise to bella, bell-ah, bell-ah, bell-ah. She looked pissed and didn't notice me, she glared at nothing seeming deep in thought, I was expecting the tree that she was glaring at to burst into flames, the way she looked at it, I would have thought it did her wrong in someway. Even though her stare was frightening I still did not back down, I was a werewolf after all so I'm not going to be scared by a little girl. I walked toward her truck and knocked loudly on the window, I was surprised that she didn't jump at the sudden noise that broke the silences. I only had a second to think about this because then she turned her heat stare to me, it wasn't that I under-estimated the power of her glare, although I did, it was when I looked into her everlasting dark brown eyes. Her brown eyes half hidden by her long black lashes that went perfectly against her pale skin, her little button nose and her pink lips, her top lip was slightly plumper then the bottom lip. Her head was heart shaped head was perfectly framed by her long dark