Four's Company By Tschopp Disclaimer: I do not own the Lord of the Rings. I give complete credit to the author and creator, J. R. R. Tolkien, and also to the writers of the screenplay, for I am taking most of this straight from the script. Chapter 1: Lalaith Rana An elf maiden watched as a man, a dwarf, and an elf dashed across the plain to a group of large rocks for cover, wearing the cloaks of her people. For some unknown reason, she felt the need to help them on the quest that so much hinged upon. Her sensitive elven ears picked up the sound of hoofbeats and within minutes she watched as Riders of Rohan came galloping down a hill, armed and ready to fight. The man, she recognized him as Aragorn, son of Arathorn, for she had seen him before during her stay in Rivendell, stepped out from the rocks followed closely by his tense companions. She quickly ducked behind a bush, unwilling, as of yet, to be seen. Even though her cloak would hide her from the riders' sight, it would not guarantee that the elf would not discern her. "Riders of Rohan! What news from the Mark?" Aragorn shouted after the riders as they passed unseeing. At a signal from their leader the riders wheeled their horses around and surrounded the three strangers; as one they lowered their spears threateningly, not a foot from the faces of the friends. "What business does an elf, a man, and a dwarf have in the Riddermark? Speak quickly," the helmeted leader ordered. "Give me your name, horsemaster, and I shall give you mine," the dwarf told him stubbornly, whether it was out of bravery, idiocy, or both, the elf would never know. "I would cut off your head, dwarf, if it stood but a little higher from the ground," he threatened, dismounting and advancing on them. The elf quickly removed an arrow from his quiver and fitted it to his bow as fast as lightning. "You would die before your stroke fell," he warned bravely, knowing that if he loosed he, too, would be dead shortly. The riders closed in tighter around them at the threat, leaving no means for their escape. Sighing inwardly the watcher stepped forward. "You would be wise to lower your weapons," the elf maiden said calmly, lowering the hood of her elven cloak, the same cloak worn by the others. Some of the riders redirected their attention, and their spears. "Who is this? Another member of your party? Why would you endanger a woman?" The questions were directed at the man. "I do not travel with them," she stated, but her words fell on unheeding ears. "Where there is one elf, my lord, there are certainly more. They surely would not allow a maiden to travel by herself, especially in these perilous days," one of the riders whispered to his fellows and, more directly, to his leader. The maiden's elven ears caught every word as she slowly walked forward to stand just outside the ring of horsemen. She was unconcerned, rarely would a man attack a maiden if they did not think that they were in danger and she would not draw her weapons unless provoked. "Lower your spears," the leader commanded. "We will not harm you. We wish only to know who you are and why you are crossing our land." "I am Aragorn, son of Arathorn. This is Gimli, son of Gloin, and Legolas, from the Woodland realm. We are friends of Rohan and of Théoden, your King." "Théoden no longer recognizes friend from foe," the leader informed them, removing his helmet and revealing his true identity as Èomer, the King's nephew. "Not even his own kin. Saruman has poisoned the mind of the king and claims lordship over this land. My company are those who remain loyal to Rohan. And for that, we are banished. The White Wizard is cunning. He walks here and there they say, disguised as an old man, hooded and cloaked. And everywhere his spies slip past our nets." The disgust at Saruman and the annoyance at himself for not being able to capture the spies was apparent in his voice. While Éomer had deemed the companions trustworthy, his men had not. While their spears were lowered, they were still held ready. "We are no spies. We track a band of Uruk-Hai westward across the plains. They have taken two of our friends captive," Aragorn explained. "The Uruks are destroyed. We slaughtered them during the night." "But there were two hobbits. Did you see two hobbits with them?" Gimli asked frantically, alarmed that Merry and Pippin may have been killed despite Legolas, Aragorn and his days long chase in an attempt to rescue them. "They would be small. Only children to your eyes," Aragorn added, realizing that the men of Rohan were not likely to be familiar with hobbits. "We left none alive," Éomer told them regretfully. "We piled the carcasses and burned them." "Then they are dead?" Gimli murmured disbelievingly, lowering his head. "I am sorry." After a rueful pause Éomer whistled. "Hasufel, Arod, Elerrina. May these horses bear you to better fortune than their former masters," he said, handing the reins to Aragorn. "Search for your friends, but do not trust to hope. It has forsaken these lands. We ride north!" he shouted to his people after a brief silence. The riders turned back to their original course and swiftly rode north, disappearing off into the distance. "Dwarves don't ride," Gimli pointed out, stubborn once again but obviously relieved. "We are grounded, and like having both feet firmly planted on solid earth. Anyway," he muttered, embarrassed, "I've never ridden before. I would fall." "Ride with me," Legolas offered, having warmed some to the company of the dwarf. "But what of the other horse? The Rohirrim would not take kindly to us if we left one of their best horses in the wild," Aragorn said. "I will take one." Lalaith spoke to the three companions for the first time, drawing attention back to herself. "Who are you, and where is the rest of your company?" Aragorn inquired as she walked over to them. "Do you not recognize me, Aragorn? I suppose that quite a lot of time has passed since we last met, you certainly look different than you did then." "Should I recognize you?" "We have met once before, in Rivendell. My name is Lalaith." "Answer his question. Where are the others? I am certain that they would not let you wander alone in these wild lands," Legolas pointed out, reiterating what the rider had said earlier. "I travel with no one," Lalaith answered truthfully in her calm voice, over the years becoming accustomed to being interrogated. "Lalaith," Aragorn murmured, trying to remember, and then recognition flashed in his eyes. "But you—" "No," she interrupted. " He would not approve," the elf said with a meaningful glance at Legolas. "I could help you, Aragorn," she offered. "I am skilled with weapons and I know these lands. I have traveled them for many years." "You do not know the peril into which we are headed," Legolas said, trying his best to discourage the maiden. "You are, or were, on a quest to destroy the One Ring of Power. You lost Gandalf in Moria, and Boromir fell on Amon Hen trying to protect the two hobbits of whom you now track." She had heard rumor of this group from a passing wizard. She had not been certain of the truth until she had met these three crossing the plains. "How do you know this? How can we trust you?" Legolas interrogated, not liking the fact that she knew so much that no one other than those who attended the secret council were intended to know. "You question me? I have given you no reason to distrust me. What is your name?" she returned, disliking the way he was speaking her, she would not be made to feel like a child. "I am Legolas Thrandulion, of Mirkwood, son of the King. Where are you from? Answer me this. I have heard of an elf maiden who wanders this land, a great warrior who also shows unparalleled beauty. You are not she." Her hair was a matted mess; Legolas could barely tell that she was blonde. Her clothes were covered in mud and dust, as was her face. The only extraordinary feature he could see was her eyes. They were a sea of colors rolled into one: blue, green, brown, and grey. "You expect me to remain beautiful after years of traveling in the wild? I have been traveling for years with little rest. I am from Lothlorien. My parents are Celeborn and Galadriel, the Lord and Lady of the Wood." "They would not allow you to wander. We have met them, yet they did not speak of you." He paused, waiting for her to answer but after receiving no indication he turned to question his friend. "Aragorn, is this true?" "Yes, Legolas, it is. The reason her parents do not speak of her is because they have had no news from her except what songs and legends bring. It has been long since she has returned to the Wood. They believe that she has traveled to the Grey Havens or died, unknown to the world. No word has been brought for many years now." "How did you meet?" Legolas wondered, awe in his voice. "She is Arwen's cousin. I met her when she traveled to Rivendell fifty… sixty years ago. Things truly have changed since then." He turned back to Lalaith. "You always dreamed of adventuring, I see that dream has not diminished. I believe that I also saw you tracking Gollum, not long ago." "Yes. I did not trust the look of him. He seemed to be slinking around muttering to himself. I followed him for weeks but he did nothing wrong so I continued on my way." "You found him when my people could not," Legolas stated dejectedly. "Your people could easily have captured him if only they would have followed him out of your woods." "My people do not leave the woods unless they have orders from my father. By the time they received the order, Gollum's tracks were a week old," Legolas defended his people. "I do not blame you, or the people of Mirkwood." She sighed, tired of debating. "May I suggest that we be leaving soon? The Uruk-Hai have been killed, but if your friends escaped, there are more dangerous things to be reckoned with, if come across. If they escaped into Fangorn… the ents are not welcoming to people, or things, they know not of." "Yes. I believe that we should discuss this further, but for now, let us make haste. Merry and Pippin may still be alive," Aragorn agreed. They rode in silence with all the haste they could muster. When they arrived at the smoldering pile of bodies, they dismounted. Lalaith couldn't stop herself from looking at the Uruk head on the spear, it's tongue hanging out of its gaping mouth, a warning to intruders in the land of Rohan, while Gimli started pushing aside bits of the carcasses looking for a sign of the hobbits. Unfortunately, he found something. "It's one of their wee belts," he said, pulling it out with his axe. "Hiro hyn hîdh ab 'wanath," Legolas and Lalaith murmured together, an elven prayer. (May they find peace after death.) "Aaahhhhh!" Aragorn bellowed, kicking an orc helmet with all his strength before falling to his knees, his head bent to the ground. "We failed them," Gimli said, holding his head in his hands. Aragorn lifted his head and looked over to the right, hope came to his eyes. "A hobbit lay here," he said, moving over and softly touching the ground. "And the other… They crawled… Their hands were bound." The other three of