A/N: so, after reading some older reviews, i took the criticism and other suggestions and realized my errors. i rewrote the first chapter. i hope its better this time. it's really hard to admit you're wrong sometimes, and i want to thank the early reviewers for helping me. Love, Broken-Rose-Thornesxoxo The lodge door shut behind me. I sat on the bench. I didn't want to be here, I wanted to be in the warm, sunny field of my England home, rapidly firing arrows from my long bow, or hacking away at my sword instructor as he taught me how to do more difficult moves that the rest of my class wouldn't understand, or even reading a fantasy book, or drawing some fantasy creature, I could probably write a whole book on why I didn't want to be here. Even if I was in Middle-Earth during the last battle at the black gate, I would be having more fun than I was now. Gandalf, I thought, if you can hear me, which you probably can't, take me with you to Imladris. Take me to Rivendell, let me become a member of the Fellowship. Take me away from here. My friends, Mandy and Amanda, had dragged me here, to this freezing wasteland that was supposed to be "fun". There was nothing fun here, in the heart of Greenland. The skiing was terrible, the air was dry, and there was nothing but snow, trees, and more snow. My friends never understood my drive. Well, Amanda did. Amanda and I had been friends since we were babies. I tried to tell them that I had to do something to fill in the extra time I had from not having a boyfriend. They had tried to give me a break, and then tried to get me to stop and get a life. Well, Mandy had anyway. "Elevain, when we go back, we need to get rid of your sword and your bow. Plus all of your books, writings and art materials. You need to get a life," Mandy said. "No, Elevain don't listen to her," Amanda kept saying. She was probably the only one that understood me. I stared at Mandy. "What do you mean? I have a life. That is my life." "No you don't. You need to get rid of all that stuff and get a boyfriend." "I am not getting rid of that stuff. It's all I have, my whole life's work. I can't just throw it away. And besides I would still keep it if I did have a boyfriend. It's not like I choose not to have a boyfriend anyway." "No Elevain. We are going to burn it when we get back." "Mandy! No we are not! Don't listen to her Elevain! Please don't!" I couldn't believe what Mandy was saying. I reflected on what had just happened, on what Mandy had said. That was why I walked out on them. I was tired of the cold, of the snow, of not being understood, and of being me. I closed my eyes and the tears that had stung them earlier rolled down my face. They were warm, but I didn't care. The door opened and I quickly whipped them away. The young couple left quickly, and so I was alone again. Again I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. And suddenly there was a loud screech and then pain, pain everywhere. My eyes wouldn't open. There were screams all around me, familiar and strange. I could feel warmth flow over my body. There was a point of weight where I could feel nothing, nothing but pain. I gasped and screamed and thrashed, but nothing happened. And then everything went black. But when I opened my eyes, it was light; and warm. All around me were elves, men and dwarves, not the snow or darkness that had been closing in on me. Next to me was a tall man in a gray robe sort of thing, with gray hair and a long gray beard and a large wood staff. On my other side was another man, with long blonde hair and piercing blue eyes and a gray-brown half robe that opened in the front. I myself had a blue half robe with a tight vest on top of a long sleeved, light blue shirt with vambraces on my wrists and a long skirt with tight pants underneath and tight fitting boots that came half way up my calves. As I looked around, I recognized Aragorn, Boromir, Gimli, Legolas, the elf sitting next to me, Gandalf, the man in gray on my other side, and Frodo sitting next to Gandalf. The only one missing was Elrond. Then I realized what had happened; I had been taken from my world, and put into a different dimension- that of Middle-Earth. But then I wondered, is this just the movie, or a dream? The people I saw were both the actors and the characters from The Lord of the Rings , one of my favorite books and movies. But there were no cameras. I was staring at Legolas, which was probably why he turned to look at me. His reaction was a little delayed. "Who are you?" "Elevain?" I recomposed my voice. "My name is Elevain." Gandalf turned to me, so did everyone else. I tucked my hair behind my ear, a sign of my embarrassment. And then I felt my ears; they were pointed. I leaned back, trying to escape their stare, but that didn't help. It just made it worse. I felt arrow feathers, two hilts and a bowstring on the back of my head. That's when the full realization sunk in—I was an elf, in the council of Elrond, in middle earth, and it was not a dream. Thankfully, Elrond came in at that moment, but Boromir and Legolas continued to watch me. It was boromir that made me uncomfortable. "Strangers from distant lands, friends of old. You have been summoned here to answer the threat of Mordor. Middle-Earth stands upon the brink of destruction. None can escape it. You will unite or you will fall. Each race is bound to this fate — this one doom. Bring forth the Ring, Frodo." Frodo stood and walked slowly to the pedestal and placed the ring in the center. "So it is true…" Boromir murmured. I thought I heard a small whisper in my ear. I couldn't understand it, yet it continued. Then Boromir stood and addressed the council, "In a dream, I saw the eastern sky grow dark. But in the West a pale light lingered. A voice was crying: 'Your doom is near at hand.' Isildur's Bane is found." He walked to the pedestal and hovered his hand over the ring. Elrond leapt up. "Boromir!" And then Gandalf began the black speech of Mordor; "Ash nazg durbatulûk, ash nazg gimbatul, ash nazg thrakatulûk agh burzum-ishi krimpatul." The sky darkened as the Ring echoed the words and thunder rolled. I was horrified. As soon as Gandalf stopped, so did the Ring and the sky cleared. Everyone was sitting down, perhaps as frightened as I was. "Never before has any voice uttered the words of that tongue here in Imladris!" Elrond sounded a bit, upset, if you will. "I do not ask your pardon, master Elrond, for the black speech of Mordor may yet be heard in every corner of the west!" Gandalf's voice was harsh after the chanting. "It is all together evil!" he sat down, but not before giving Boromir a warning look that he paid no head to. "It is a gift. A gift to the foes of Mordor." Boromir stood and began to pace. "Why not use this ring? Long has my father, the steward of Gondor kept the forces of Mordor at bay. By the blood of our people are your lands kept safe! Give Gondor the weapon of the enemy! Let us use it against him!" "You cannot wield it! None of us can. The ring answers to Sauron alone. It has no other master." Aragorn was definitely defiant, but not in a bad way. "And what would a ranger know of this matter?" It was Legolas that answered him, "This is no mere ranger." He stood up. "This is Aragorn, son of Arathorn. You owe him your allegiance." Boromir looked at Aragorn. His gaze would be anything but pleasant. "Aragorn? This… is Isildur's heir?" "And heir to the throne of Gondor." Aragorn didn't like all the attention he was getting. "Havo dad, Legolas." (Sit down, Legolas.) "Gondor has no king. Gondor needs no king." I wanted to slap Boromir's face. Gondor needed a king. "Aragorn is right, we cannot use it," Gandalf said. Elrond was the next to speak. "You have only one choice. The ring must be destroyed." I lowered my gaze, knowing my face would turn bright red in embarrassment even though I wasn't the one embarrassing myself. It always happened. "Then what are we waiting for?" Gimli grabbed an axe and lifted it above his head. Internally I winced. There was an earsplitting crack as the axe shattered and then a thud as Gimli landed from being thrown back. I couldn't believe it, the ring had withstood the impact, with out even the slightest scratch, and it had been strong enough to throw Gimli backwards onto his back. "The Ring cannot be destroyed, Gimli, son of Glóin, by any craft that we here possess. The Ring was made in the fires of Mount Doom. Only there can it be unmade. It must be taken deep into Mordor and cast back into the fiery chasm from whence it came. One of you, must do this." Boromir spoke again. I really just wanted him to shut up, but I didn't want to draw any more attention to myself. "One does not simply walk into Mordor. Its black gates are guarded by more than just Orcs. There is evil there that does not sleep. And the great Eye is ever watchful. It is a barren wasteland. Riddled with fire and ash and dust. The very air you breathe is a poisonous fume. Not with ten thousand men could you do this. It is folly!" Legolas started to say something, but I was louder. "Have you heard nothing Lord Elrond has said? The ring must-" "And what would a woman know of this?" Boromir asked. Oy ve. "Alright dude, Boromir, what ever you want to be called. I'm an elf, not a woman. See?" I pulled my hair behind my ear. "And secondly, I know more about this than you do so I don't want to hear it. Just shut up. As I was saying, the ring must be destroyed." "And I suppose you think you're the one to do it?" Gimli challenged. "And if we fail, what then? What happens when Sauron takes back what is his?" Boromir sounded like he was agreeing. At that point, everyone started to yell. I couldn't stand it. "Hey! I've got a good idea. Y'ALL SHOULD SHUT UP!" Everyone stopped at my outburst and turned to look at me. "No, I don't think I'm the one to destroy the ring. The impending doom hangs above all our heads by a hair! And all you can do is argue about who is going to destroy it? Does it really matter? As long as the Ring is destroyed, I don't care who takes it. And you shouldn't either! You need to put aside your differences and other arguments and debate this like civil people!" I was surprised at how nice my voice sounded even though I was really angry. It was fair and high, very nice. Boromir took a step towards me and I took an instinctive one back. "You are very bold to be saying these things," he said, taking yet another step closer to me. I took another step back and bumped into someone, probably Legolas. He took my