Hello again! It's been a while I know, but hey, I've been working hard here! Anywho, the idea behind this story goes like this … I read somewhere that a peaceful Middle-earth was what Tolkien said he'd like Europe to be like in the future, and my imagination took the idea and ran with it. I know the timeline is not exactly accurate, and occasionally all over the place, but I really enjoyed writing this one, and I hope you'll enjoy reading it. I'm waffling, aren't I? I'll get on with it. As usual, nothing Tolkien-esque belongs to me, although I AM very attached to my two leads (no nicking without permission – not that you'd want to – oh my God, I'm off again). Sue me and you'll get maybe an NHS uniform … although technically, not even that belongs to me, although I am responsible for it's upkeep. Now, are you sitting comfortably? Then I'll begin … There Is A Time For Everything Chapter One – A Time to Be Silent The grey dusk light hung heavy over Rivendell, cloaking the Half-elven home in soft mist that leant a ghostly sheen to the buildings around her. She sat on one of the many balconies, wrapped up in her cloak against the chill of the evening, and listening to the sounds of the feast in the great hall below, staring into the misty darkness. There were few who would dare to disturb her when she was in such a mood, and even then, only for such things that required her immediate attention. It was a strange thought, at least to her, that a woman once hated by those she had called friend could command such respect and obedience from people who knew her as a legend, a walking symbol of what had once been right with their world. She could see the horses of the council tethered far below her, the sleepy late-night ministrations of the elves that had taken charge of them, even the disgust on the face of the one who had been volunteered to tend the dwarves' pack animals. A faint, bitter smile curved her lips. Once again, racial differences had led to this disillusionment between races, a resentment that could easily become the hate she had endured many times before. And yet, these races made a point of differentiating between the Elves and Dwarves who simply were, and those that had made a difference in their world, those whose names were known throughout Middle-earth. No Dwarf would speak out against Galadriel, for example, but many thought nothing of insulting any Elves they happened to meet. And the same was for Elves; they would not speak badly of Thorin Oakenshield, but found great sport in taunting other Dwarves who crossed their path. In one awful episode that they had been unable to prevent, Elves had imprisoned Dwarves for no reason other than being found in their kingdom. However, she and others had had words with the king involved, and knew that he would not cross them again. That thought brought her back to the mystery of herself, how calm words spoken in a firm tone could incite obedience from even a king. How did she become a figure to be respected and listened to? She would be the first to admit that she had a great deal of experience in this world, more than twenty thousand years worth, but even so, some small part of her, the part that was still a frightened young woman feeling out of place in the world, could not fathom the command she had about her now. It was as if being herself had made her who she was, and yet, she herself was not entirely sure of whom she was, even now. Even her name had changed over the years, something so entirely hers as to be immovable had altered to fit with the times as the world aged around them and time carried them with it to these most important few years. One name had stayed with her over the years, and was the signet she answered to when spoken by most. Laurè, the warrior elf-maid, as she was known, and yet, had been given other names as each age passed. Mistress Fleetfoot, the hobbits had called her; the dwarves had taken Windsinger as their name for her; both names that tried in some way to explain her way of travelling from place to place, touching as much as she dared to see it done its right and proper way. She even bore a named sword, Angùrei, forged by the elven-smiths of Eregion before their corruption by Sauron. The blade sang as he cut through the air, earning her many other names as she fought alongside Elves and Men. But even so, there was another name, far back in the distant reaches of time, haunting her memory with its vagueness. Perhaps she had forgotten it, should have forgotten it long ago, but no, it was still there, taunting her with memories of how she had come to be here, in this time, and the burden she had placed on herself with the turning of the years. Her name … her name had been unusual among others, difficult to pronounce, harder to spell, and easily confused with others. She could remember the confusion on people's faces when she tried to tell them her name; when they asked her to spell it for them, only to become even more confused by it. To remember it was to remember an ancient language, already close to death when she had been born, yet she was named from it by parents who by turns were proud and disgusted by their heritage from it. 'Ah, yes . . .' she breathed, hearing her long-forgotten name echoing about her mind. 'My name . . .' Niamh, that had been it. Her first name, the one she was given from birth, the one that should never be forgotten. The name that reminded her of the time before, when none of that which surrounded her was real, only a story, and humanity was something people tried hard to show, and rarely managed it. When there were such technological nightmares as cars and tower blocks, and the sunlight was blotted out by smoke and fire and tall, tall buildings where people lived, cramped and unhappy. When nature was something that was thought about often, tended rarely, seen as a novelty, something to admire but have nothing to do with for fear touching it would cause it to disappear forever. When people had been so afraid of their own shadows, it had taken one small change for the world to turn upside down around them. She could remember it so clearly, the hurt and the fear, when the world they knew had changed around them, and people you had known all your life were suddenly different. The shouts and jeers had been almost more than she could bear. Wrapping a protective arm around a frightened child's shoulders, she had stared resolutely ahead to where the mass of silent people were headed; a long dark road that wound through an uninviting forest leading them to a place where, perhaps, they would be accepted, maybe even welcomed. That thought had done much to cheer the twenty or so travellers, though no one could quite ignore the mob watching them leave, nor the soldiers escorting them under armed guard from the city. Even here, in a city so cosmopolitan as this one, they were considered too strange, too different. The jeering crowd had been littered with faces she knew, people she had once called friend; faces that were strained in grimaces of anger, mockery, and pity. The loyalty of friendship could only be pushed so far, she knew then. Even her closest companions had not been able to hide their fear and disgust when she had been revealed as one of 'them'. The sense of belonging she had felt all her life had all but vanished when that hated list had been published. Only one person, one true friend had remained loyal to the last, staunchly defending her to those who would see her harried and hunted. This friend had endured isolation and mockery, even violence, to remain true to his first instinct – that of staying close and unafraid of the friend he had known for years. There had been many more like him, brave and unintimidated, made outcast because of their defence of those who were different. But even they had not been enough to prevent that forced exodus of people. She had seen her only friend pushing through the crowd, keeping pace with her as she made her slow way out of the city that had been her home for so many years. Despite the anger and malevolence of the crowd around them, he had seemed determined to see them off with a smile. And a welcome smile it was, returned by many of the refugees who saw it. But of course, because of this, she had watched her friend beaten back by the crowd, scolded for showing kindness to those who were being pushed away by society. The child had huddled closer, half hidden beneath her protective arm, his eyes on his mother where she walked ahead of them, baby daughter held close in her arms. Even the smallest child among them had been made aware of the differences between them and those who considered themselves normal. Perhaps if the difference had been more insubstantial, less visible, they would have been able to stay, but no, no one wanted to share their town with the freaks who had suddenly acquired what had been obsequiously termed, physical abnormalities. It had signalled the start of what the masses had deemed The Change. Slowly, quietly, people had begun to notice certain differences about themselves. A sudden loss of weight, or a growth spurt; these were hardly commented on when compared to an eighty year old man regaining the appearance and vigour of his youth, seemingly overnight. He had been hailed as a modern miracle, exclaimed over by experts throughout the world, until other, similar cases started coming to light. There were others, too, not so similar. A family in the highlands reportedly awoke one morning to find themselves all less than three feet in height, perfectly proportioned apart from abnormally large feet. Men and even women who were growing beards and muscles that no amount of shaving or activity could alter. And here, in this bustling region, people had begun to notice slight but irrevocable changes in themselves. It seemed that every other person had acquired a noble, almost Roman, profile. People who had previously been plump or overweight were proud to display slender, toned figures that had apparently taken no work to obtain. And everywhere the fashion seemed to be for long hair worn forward, framing the face, or for hats to be pulled down, low over the forehead. It had been a mystery as to why, until a newspaper had published a photograph that explained all. It was of a teenage girl, slim and pretty, with long blonde hair that fell straight over her shoulders. In an unguarded moment, she had brushed that hair back off her face, inadvertently revealing the pointed tip of her ear. The outcry this picture had caused was matched only by the sudden solidarity of everyone who had gained this 'physical abnormality'. Everywhere you looked, you would see someone proudly displaying pointed ears, hair pulled back to show them off with blatant carelessness. It hadn't seemed to have any pattern at all. Sometimes whole families might change, or perhaps only one or two people from a family might change, the others remaining Men. In the whole city, there were only around thirty of these new people. They were quickly given the name of elves, and were, for a time, made to feel supported and welcomed.