A/N: Hello everybody! SO, recently, I've started up on The Hunger Games, and have decided to finally write a fanfiction on it. I honestly don't know how it will turn out, but I'm not going to spend weeks thinking about it, it's all just going to flow from the heart. The main character will be an OC: Me. That is all I can say about it. Whether I use my real name will be for me to know and if I use my real age is also for me to know. I hope to update once a week, but that might not happen. Well, enough with my blabbering, I might as well start writing. And before we start, I will be putting myself in the storyline EXACTLY the way I am. What skills I have, how I treat others, my morals and my attitudes will all be real. I will take out things that aren't needed, and take skills that I have and transfer them to something similar but relevant in the HG universe, but for the most part, I will be how I am in real life. Well, let us begin... ...and may the odds be ever in my favor. The story will be told from my default point of view the unless I specify elsewise. Sunlight slowly filtered in through the window, it's soft, warm, early morning rays landing on my face and causing a pleasant warmth to spread over me. I stretched in my bed as sleep slowly left me and the clogs in my brain began to quickly spin. Lying still for a few moment, I eventually threw my feet off the side of the bed and blearily searched the room to find my morning clothes. Spotting them in a heap across the room, I quickly shuffled towards them, nimbly stepping in between the pieces of disregarded clothing and other such items. Changing quickly, I folded my night clothes and placed them near my bed before slipping on a pair of well worn boots and stepping outside. Breathing in the brisk morning air, I sighed and began to bounce around in an attempt to loosen my muscles. After several minutes I pick up a set of weights and jogged off, slowly gaining more speed at the morning progressed. Sweat soon drenched my body and my arms began to protest at the added weight from the weights. Ignoring the protest of my body, I ran past the different parts of District 12, identifying each one in my mind as I passed them. First was the Seam; poor, large and messy, the Seam was one place that I enjoyed going simply for the fact that somebody was always looking for some extra help and was willing to trade items for it. Passing down to the Hob, I spotted Greasy Sae starred at me as I passed, her matted hair and toothy grin unsettling to all of those who didn't know her, but a familiar face to those who did. Nodding silently towards her, I continued on my run around town until I came to the Victor's Village. Empty of all life, I starred sadly at it and made the mental decision to jog through the quiet set of houses. The streets were wide and paved, causing my feet to protest at the sudden change in terrain. Breathing in the cool air, I frowned at just how quiet it truly was, and how my footfalls seemed to shake the houses with their contact to the ground, breaking the silence that gave off an impression of breaking taboo. Navigating myself out of there as quickly as I could, I jogged further down the road until I passed by the bakery. Slowing to a stop, I quickly walked inside to see Peeta up and at it, baking bread quickly and efficiently with his father and brothers. Smiling softly at the men, I gently put my weights down and shuffled forward grabbing an apron and tying it around my waist. Standing next to Peeta, I quickly washed the sweat off my hands and proceeded to help him knead the dough. Looking over at me, he smiled and asked, "How's life treating ya'?" I shrugged and aggressively pressed my knuckles into the dough. "It's alright. Jared as begun to act up again and Louisa is starting to get sick. The same ol' same ol'. Moms been working herself a bit to hard, and dad is getting home really late lately, bone dead. Work isn't being kind to him. He's not even up for a fun spar or some playful wrestling like he used to be. Most of my siblings aren't really big enough to do that with. Sure Henry is massive, but he's just so sweet and kind that I don't want to get him interested in wrestling." Peeta nodded, understanding. "I'm sorry about your sister... I really hope she gets better, everybody loves her. And you parents too." I smiled weakly at him and went back to kneading the bread. A soft, comfortable silence enveloped the room as we made bread together, working smoothly and efficiently. Eventually, Peeta and I started jostling around until we got into a full out wrestling match that ended when Rye grabbed the two of us and threw us outside. Sitting in the mud together, we eventually started laughing and picked up where we left off until the shrill, high pitched voice of Peeta's mother cut through the atmosphere and demanded that Peeta get back into the kitchen and help bake. Breaking apart, Peeta flashed me an apologetic look and then winked at me, hinting that we would finish the match later on in the day. After brushing myself off, I quickly grabbed my weights and jogged down the road, passing the Everdeen house during the process. Everdeen... Katni- Shaking my head, I quickly dispelled any thoughts that began to form and concentrated solely on my running. After several minutes I came to my desired destination. Old Man Jackson's. Not even bothering to knock, I quietly stepped inside and put my weights down. Walking slowly around the corner, I spotted Old Man Jackson sitting quietly at a desk, several books in front of him. "You're late." I shrugged and quickly sat down next to him, "Sorry, I ran through the Victor's Village and helped the Mellarks bake bread before coming by." Looking over at me, the old geezer grinned and raised his white eyebrows. "You didn't stop and stare at the Everdeen house this time? Because last time you nearly busted down my front door with excitement shouting ' She waved and smiled at me!' " Turning beat red, I looked a way from him and asked, "What makes you think that it was one of the Everdeen girls that caused me to act like that? It could be any pretty girl in the District." "Minus the fact that you turned a rather impressive shade of red after I mentioned her name and that I've lived here for nearly 90 years and how long it takes to get to my house no matter where you are and at what time you leave?" "Yes. Minus all of those." He grinned and wagged his eyebrow once more, "Simple. I know you. You have standards and an unfortunate tendency to find the people you have no chance with attractive. It was how you and the Mellark boy became friends as well. Someone insulted her, and you shot up to her defense faster than a bullet from a gun." "Shut up." Laughing, he patted me on the back and pushed a book in front of me. Diverting my attention to the book in front of me, I raised an eyebrow at its appearance. Its cover was a faded brown and the spine-cover of the book was missing. The binding of the book, surprisingly, was in rather good condition and the title was washed out, but I faintly made out the words " American History". "What do you want me to do with this?" Jackson gave me a look of exasperation. "Read it, duh." "No... ugh, I mean, besides that." I said, my own exasperation rising. He starred at me for several seconds before leaning forward and whispering, "I want you to not only read the book, but take it to heart. Feel its words, understand its meaning, and let it teach you as it taught me. This book," he said, tapping the cover quietly, "holds the answer to all of our problems." I looked down at the book with a new light, wondering what exactly could be so important about one single binding of pages. Gingerly, I picked up the book and was about to open it when Jackson quickly grabbed my own, "Be careful. Before you open the pages, there is something you need to understand." I motioned for him to continue, not exactly trusting myself to speak at the moment. "If you open it, there will be no turning back. Reading it... well, it's treason. Do you understand me?" I nodded slowly. 'Who in their right state of mind would ban a book and label reading it as treason?' "I understand... you still want me to read it, correct?" He looked around, as if checking to see that nobody else was around to hear what he was about to say, or see what he was about to do. "Of course. You're my pupil. The only kid in this entire District that actually wants to learn. You are, in my eyes, the only person in this entire place that any hope of going somewhere and making a difference in the world." I looked down at his praise, heat rising to my face. "Thanks... You aren't so bad yourself, you old geezer." Jackson cracked a grin and then slowly stood up, his knees cracking and groaning with the effort. "Alright... well, I don't have any lessons planned for today, so you might as well just scurry off somewhere quite and read that book. I'll be quizzing you tomorrow... after the reaping. I expect you to get to at least page one hundred." I winked at him and began to walk towards the door. "Aww, you know me, if the book is as good as you crack it up to be, I'll probably finish it tonight." He laughed and waved me out the door. Right as I began to take off, I remembered my weights and quickly turned around, "Hey Jackson! Do you mind if I leave my weights at your house?" He shook his head and shooed me off his property. I chuckled and waved once more before starting off at a steady pace to find somewhere quite. After about an hour of searching, I finally came to the boundary line and plopped down next to it, the long grass tickling the hair on my legs and sending less than pleasant shivers up my spine. Opening the first page of the book, I skipped past the table of contents and read the first set of words. It sat on a lone page, and was only one sentence long. 'We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.' I quickly closed the book, thoughts flying through my mind, 'The United States? A perfect Union? With justice and liberty for all? It honestly sounds too perfect to be true.' It quickly dawned on me as to why this book was outlawed and considered treason. The ideas presented in the first sentence was better than all of Panem and its so called "virtues". Opening it up again, I continued to read, 'When in the Course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have