This is a story I wrote a few years ago but never posted – it's the last of my LOTR fanfiction. Hope you like it and thanks for reading! Title : Heart of an Élias Series : Book of Days (basically, it's a series of missing moments. Little scenes between Aragorn and Legolas that will take place throughout the trilogy – please read author's note (2) for more info.) Author : Erika Rating : PG Summary : Estel acts impulsively and learns something about woodland elves. Timeframe : Takes place after Estel heals from the injury that he suffered in "You Look Terrible." Spoilers : For "You Look Terrible." Category : Angst, H/C, POV. Disclaimers : It would make me the happiest person in the world to be able to truthfully say that Aragorn and Legolas belong to me, but alas, it is not so. I make no money from this, and it is written (against my will) for entertainment purposes only. Feedback : Both positive feedback and constructive criticism are greatly appreciated and will be cherished! Archive : Please ask and send me a link to your site so that I can check it out. =D Author's Note: (1) It's been a few years since I last read the LOTR in its entirety so these missing moments are basically based on the movies. I apologize in advance if I contradict anything that's stated in the books; any mistakes are purely accidental. (2) So far, this series consists of the following stories: "A Light in the Darkness", "A Friend Such As You", "Darkness", "The Comfort of Listening", "There is Always Hope", "Fall of a Friend", "Mortality Has No Shield", "Heart of an Élias", and "Despair." Heart of an Élias Legolas: Crouching low to the ground, I peered through the long blades of grass that concealed me from our prey. Poised with an arrow already drawn to my bow, I remained utterly motionless. My breathing was so subdued that even it could not betray my presence. The thrill of the chase had surrendered to the quiet alertness of the kill, leaving only an exuberant serenity it its wake. It was completely focused on my task. I could hear the rustling of leaves as they were stirred by a gentle breeze, feel the cool touch of it against my cheek. I was aware of the childlike laughter of the running brook and the scurrying patter of small forest animals bounding through trees from branch to branch. My mind registered all of these things and more, but only in the distant way of one waking from a deep slumber. My conscious thoughts were filled by only one thing: every movement of the magnificent élias that stood less than eight paces away. The creature was beautiful beyond measure, in all the world there was no other species like it. All élias had the body of a wolf and the antlers of an elk, a glorious protrusion of smooth glossy bone extending from just between their ever-alert ears. Their fur was silky and impossibly soft to the touch; by night it seemed to glow and illuminate them in an ethereal light. Whether snow-white or ebony-black, their antlers perfectly matched the tint of their fur. With bright blue eyes that contained the depths of rippling water, they truly were wondrous to behold. In truth, my heart wept to slay such a beast yet I knew that such was the way of nature. Animals preyed upon other animals to obtain sustenance and in that regard, elves were no different than any other living being. What separated us from most of the wild creatures that roamed this world was the remorse we felt for taking a life. To kill something was to forever rid the world of its presence, an act worth grief and remembrance. Understanding the delicate balance of nature, we elves knew to take only what we needed and never more. Woodland elves in particular sought to thank the felled creature for its sacrifice, for its gift of food. As it died, we whispered our gratitude to the winds, as well as our hope that the creature's spirit would find peace. When we ate the animal we repeated the prayer. The white élias we had selected to kill delicately padded over to the trickling river and lowered his head, dark pink tongue lapping at the cool water. Every few moments he would raise his wet nose back into the air, smelling for predators or prey, before resuming his quick sipping. Élias had an acute sense of hearing and an excellent sense of smell. If he heard either one of us make a single motion or picked up our scent, he would flee with such speed that we would have no chance of pursuit. It was for that reason that we had taken such care to mask our fragrance, why we remained frozen now. I tensed, preparing to release the arrow. He was in perfect position for the kill, any moment now Estel would… A barely whizzing arrow flew out of the brush opposite me. Immediately, I sent my own arrow flying. Both shots stayed true to their marks, with Estel's piercing the élias' secondary heart and mine puncturing his primary one. The élias, having had no warning save the brutal onset of pain, let out a hauntingly beautiful howl of agony as his paws doubled in under him and he fell, limp, to the ground. Twin stains of crimson blood marred his white coat of fur. His paws were twitching weakly and he was emitting a series of subdued whimpers and mewls. Springing forward from the tall, thick grass, I approached the dying creature. "Legolas! Stay back!" Estel cried out warningly but I ignored him. He was worried because he knew élias to be vicious creatures in the last moments before death. His concerns were misplaced though – I meant only to calm the animal, my life was in no danger. "Leave this realm in peace now, noble creature," I murmured in elvish as I approached the élias, which was watching me intently. "Feel no pain or fear, the sacrifice you have made will protect you from harm." The élias stilled his restless, desperate movements and I knelt by his side. Placing my hands on his still rising and falling belly, I gently petted his now sweat-drenched fur. "Be comforted, do not fret," I soothed the beautiful beast, looking directly into his rapidly glazing eyes. "Do not fret, let your spirit soar. Forgive me for this. Forgive me and go." A blank look deadened the élias' eyes and his breathing stilled. "Go." Bowing my head, I murmured my prayer into the quiet stillness of the wood. "Thank you for your sacrifice, may you find restful slumber in whatever lands await you. I am sorry to have caused you pain but am thankful for that which your shed body will provide. My eternal gratitude is yours." Sorrowfully, I gazed upon the diminished beauty of the creature I had helped slay. Though necessary, to kill was always such a horrible thing. Even though this élias had been carefully selected from his pack because he was old and would sire no more pups, it pained me to have cut his life short. "Legolas?" Estel murmured, clearly hesitant to intrude upon what he correctly perceived was a deeply important and personal moment for me. I lifted my gaze and read the confused and questioning look in my friend's eyes. Having never before been hunting with a woodland elf, he did not understand the significance of my words and actions. He was curious to know more about me and my kin. I smiled sadly, "I will explain later. Now we must dress the élias." I swiftly rose to my feet. "I will return with the supplies we need." At Estel's nod, I slipped away into the forest. We had left our packs and supplies at the campsite so as to travel light. Carrying less bulk meant making less noise, something paramount in the hunting of élias. However, having meticulously observed the élias pack, we had learned their habits. That had allowed us to pre-select a kill site, as well as set up camp reasonably nearby. It did not take me long, proceeding at a brisk run, to reach it and take the appropriate pack. When I returned to the kill site, it was with relatively high spirits. Trailing the élias had been invigorating and watching their movements for nearly a week had further honed by patience and observation skills. Spending time out in the wild with Estel had also been gratifying. Overall, the hunt had gone very well and proved quite fruitful. The élias we had chosen was very large, even judging by the standards of his own species – which usually grew to the size of an elk. Lord Elrond would be more than pleased with our bounty. "Estel," I said, entering the clearing by the brook, "I suggest that we split–" My words abruptly died and I froze in place as I took in the sight before me. The élias we had killed lay next to the river, just as I had left it, but a few paces away was another élias, this one black and with a single arrow extending from its throat. The shot had obviously severed its trachea and the creature had died a relatively slow, painful death. Estel stood, apparently unharmed, a few feet away from the second élias. "Are you all right?" I questioned worriedly, thinking that the animal had attacked him. I recognized the black élias as another member of the same pack. This one was female, with slightly smaller antlers than her male counterpart. She had recently given birth to a litter of four pups and I knew mother élias to be very aggressive and protective of their young. My young friend's brow furrowed in obvious confusion. "I am quite well, Legolas. Is there some reason I would not be?" I frowned. "The female élias did not attack you, then?" Estel shook his head. "No. She wandered into the clearing and I felled her with a single shot." He seemed rather proud of himself. "I was surprised, élias are not prone to–" "She made no aggressive move against you and yet you killed her?" I interrupted stonily when Estel's words registered in my mind. I felt a painful chill grip my chest. How could Estel have been so careless? We had already made our kill, what need was their to slay another élias? Estel was clearly taken aback by the coldness in my tone. When he answered, his voice faltered and was marked by a nervous uncertainty. "Yes… I-I thought you would be pleased to have more meat to take back to Rivendell for my father's feast." "You thought I would be pleased ?" I repeated in disbelief, anger creeping into my tone at this needless loss of life. As needless as the plethora of slaughtered animals that the thoughtless, rampaging savage orcs left in their wake. Brutal, vile orcs that threatened to spread their disregard for life through Mirkwood like a disease by killing every innocent creature in their path. Estel swallowed, his gaze filling with confusion and apprehension. "Legolas?" his voice asked me not to be displeased with him but my anger at his carelessness continued to mount. "I do not understand…please tell me what I have done wrong." He paused and licked his lips – a nervous habit. "Why have I offended you?" I looked back down at the dead élias. My eyes then scanned the tree line. I immediately spotted the mother's pups, huddled forlornly in the thick shrubs at the base of a nearby tree. My heart clenched. They were young and not yet weaned. They were so young as to still need their mother's milk. Without it, they would die. Just as the countless orphaned animals in Mirkwood would die. The thought quickened my anger to