Prologue To: Chadwick Boot V of Ilvermorny, MA Dear Prof. Boot, I am writing to answer your inquiry as to how I came to be enrolled at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry given my... limitations which dad wrote to you regarding a few years back. I suppose it all started on my second birthday, when my brother, Terry was ten and Izzy wasn't even a thought. My parents had brought home a children's broom for me following a trip to Diagon Alley with my brother to get his Hogwarts things, his letter having come some weeks before, though its receipt had never been in doubt. I was overjoyed as I galloped around the house with the broom straddled between my legs. My father seemed less overjoyed. He kept trying to get me to allow the broom to fly me around, but it just wouldn't. All it did was fall to the ground. I thought this was a fun game, I didn't understand why mum and dad weren't laughing. Mum said I was too young, that it would come and dad decided to agree. I think Terry knew, but he didn't want to say anything. When I was six and Izzy (her name is Isolde in homage to the founder of Ilvermorny, but we all called her Izzy) was three with golden curls and cheeks the color and shape of apples I still had not done so much as moved a leaf. Meanwhile Izzy was bouncing about the house like a rubber ball. We played Quiddith on a child-sized pitch, Izzy zooming along on the broom my parents had gotten for me and I running along behind. Sometimes, during holidays, Terry would play too. He tried to do his best by me. He'd let me play chaser, but inevitably I could not keep up with him or Izzy, who barely understood the game but could still score three points before I had one. He let me play beater a few times, hitting bludgers from the ground at them. But mostly I played keeper. I loved it. I loved jumping from hoop to hoop blocking the quaffle. Terry swore I was part monkey, kept checking me for a tail. Dad noticed it as well, he enrolled me in a muggle gymnastics school. Which, you'd think on top of wizarding primary school would have been difficult, given how difficult the wizarding primaries are, but I didn't mind. Even then I began studying magic. I would take Terry's books from the previous year and read them at night until mum had to bewitch the candles so I could not light them after a certain hour. When he found out, Terry said I was a born Ravenclaw, just like him. For a year I practiced. I loved the feeling of flying through the air, of catching myself and flying again, of spinning and turning and flipping through the air like Terry could do but without the need of a broom. Then a new girl join our class, a really pretty girl from Latvia named Sophie, do the most fantastic floor routine I had ever beheld. She was leaping, soaring, landing as brief as a butterfly before alighting once more. It was as though she was magic. She laughed when I suggested such a thing, she told me it was only ballet. Naturally, I begged my parents to let me learn ballet as well. My parents tried to pretend. Terry gave them hope, saying a boy in his year, Neville, hadn't shown any magical abilities until he was about my age. But even then, Terry knew, he just didn't want them to give up on me. That year, in his letters, Terry told me the most fantastic tales of Dumbledore's Army and how they had duped that toady witch Dolores Umbrage. I fell asleep dreaming of patronuses and secret rooms. In his last letter he told me about how the famous Harry Potter had broken into the Department of Mysteries and fought off a whole crew of death eaters. The idea of the Department of Mysteries set his soul afire and he swore one day he would work there. Most nights I found the light under his door still on long after we were both supposed to be asleep. Soon I was not only leading my classes but Terry could not get a quaffle by me. Finally, during the holiday, it was time to put my plan into motion. On a particularly easy goal attempt I caught the quaffle, but instead of merely throwing it out I slid down the post and ran with it, much to the amazement of Terry and Izzy. But that only lasted a moment before Terry decided on a new game. "Get him!" he shouted. But, even though I was slow compared to his broom he couldn't touch me, try as he might. I ducked and dodged and rolled and then I was at the goal post. I threw it and, with no keeper present to stop it, the quaffle went in. Terry got quite a laugh out of the whole display, but it was the first time I had ever scored a goal on my brother. It was the last time I saw my brother laugh for a long time. I was nine now and my parents took me to St. Mungo's to hear from a doctor what they already knew. My mother cried. There would be no letter from Hogwarts next year. When Terry came home for the holiday that year he was covered in cuts and bruises. He claimed it had been broomstick accident. But he had scars that were much older. He wouldn't tell me anything. Mum and dad tried to tell him not to return, but he was of age and could do as he pleased, and he was going back. It was nearing Summer when we got the message in the middle of the night that Voldemort had attacked Hogwarts. They didn't say who the students were who fought, but I knew Terry would be among them. Mum and dad grabbed their wands and, without even changing from their night clothes they told me to look after Izzy until they returned. But how could I allow them to leave me behind? I could help, I knew I could. They made to disapperate but I jumped on dad's back before they vanished. I found myself beside an unfamiliar forest near a burned out squat hut. Beyond it wide grounds stretched before us and a great castle I knew to be Hogwarts from my studies. My parents were furious. They told me to stay in the hut and out of the way, that they would come for me when the fighting was over. I tried to plead my case but to no avail. They locked me in and put a barrel in front of the door. I cried as I watched them join the crowd of families popping up around the grounds, all heading toward the castle. They were tears of rage, and insult, and terrible fear. Not fear for myself, but fear that I might never see my parents and brother again. I saw a thousand different scenarios where they were in mortal peril and only I could save them, but here I was in this burned out old hut. I kicked a piece of charcoal across the ruin when suddenly I heard a sound from the forest. It was movement, light, barely audible. Then the howl like that of a wolf and a man combined pierced the night air, chilling me to the bones. I had heard of werewolves before, Terry told me one of their Defense against the Dark Arts teachers was a werewolf and that he had still liked him (though mum and dad were scandalized that Dumbledore had shown such a lapse in judgement). But something told me these werewolves were not so pleasant company. I could hear them from where I stood, talking in low growling voices. In the woods I saw their shadows, lean and lanky, bent almost double. Eyes caught the light, flashing green. "I smell someone," a tall, thin one with long hair said. "I smell lots of people," another growled. "No... this is someone close. Someone small... tender..." His head went up, his eyes flashed and met mine. "There!" I ran as I had never run before, without thinking, I was flying. Flying across the grounds. I could here the sound of the werewolves behind me, feel their hot breath on my heels. Even with a head start they were faster. There was one behind me, two coming up on the sides, running like beasts with their hands serving as forepaws. I could not outrun them. I jumped. I flipped backwards, landing squarely on the back of the one behind me. I pulled my arm tight around his throat, causing him to roll over, bowling his fellows who followed close behind over. I was up before they even understood they had fallen. I was running again, now I was at the castle where giants battled over before the entrance. I dodged the blow of a club weaving between massive feet into the entrance to the castle. I heard the yelp of a werewolf and turned just in time to see him thrown in the air by the careless blow of a club. I desperately wanted to find Terry but the howls from behind told me not all of the werewolves had given up the chase. I ran up a staircase and was startled to feel it move beneath me. Terry had told me of the moving stairs but I was still completely unprepared for it. In fact, all the stairs were moving in almost continuous motion. Wizards and witches dueled over the everchanging landscape above my head. The long haired werewolf came through the door, two brutish men at his side. He sniffed the air a moment and turned with a smile. "There he is!" I broke from my trance, running up the staircase which was just starting to move again. My foot hit the floor just as the corner shifted away, but the werewolves were close behind, stuck on the shifting stair that had decided to connect on the other side of the floor. I ran to the next stairway, narrowly dodging a green flash of light. I leapt onto the moving staircase and then onto another that crossed close by where a wizard dueled a man, his silver mask askance, in death eater's robes. I had not accounted for the movement on my landing and rolled down the staircase and into the death eater who, in his surprise lost his balance and fell, dropping his wand. I picked it up, pocketing it. "Thanks!" the wizard said, jumping off onto the floor as the stair passed by. I watched for a moment when suddenly I realized the long haired werewolf was waiting along the corridor I was about to pass. I jumped from the stair onto the floor just below. My arms spun in a circle as I caught my balance on the ledge. Glancing back I saw the long haired werewolf jump onto the stair (his companion missing the jump entirely) running with all his might to get to the corridor before it moved on, but he was too late. I heard him curse loudly. I ran down the hall threading through green and red blasts. Suddenly, it seemed the floor gave out on me, I was falling. I reached out and caught something hard and metal. It was a chandelier! I was now dangling precariously above a first floor hallway. Pulling myself up, I watched as witches and wizards dueled below. I saw a witch, long, thin, with a severe face, dueling a wizard. They were well matched be she seemed to be getting the better of him. Without warning, a death eater approached from behind to tilt the odds to their favor.