I'm finally free! It's over the long sleepless nights over my desk with my nose in a textbook is over with! I couldn't be happier. I had put everything I have into my studies these past four years at the University of Washington. I hated being away from home but I knew if I wanted to get my teaching degree I'd have to separate myself from La Push. It was home and there was one specific guy that I knew would be happy to distract me from my studies. He was my sun. I don't know what I would have done five years ago when Edward left me. Jake swooped in and saved me. He brought me back to life and encouraged me to move on and that's what I did. After graduation I started at UW in Seattle. I was only about two hours from home but it was enough to keep my distance. I knew Jake had obligations as new Alpha of his pack. Yup, my best friend is a werewolf go figure and I was almost engaged to a vampire. Could my life get any more interesting, I don't think so? Little did I know it could and was about to. I returned to La Push where my father moved to a little over four years ago. He married Sue Clearwater and effectively gave me two new siblings. Leah was a year older than I was and is mated with Sam the former alpha. Her brother, Seth is four years younger than I was the baby of the pack for a while until some rogue vampires decided to set up camp a mile north of the treaty. Luckily for me, or according to Jacob they didn't stay very long. They had crossed the boundaries and were taken out not before three new phases happened. Jacob has had his hands full with Justin, Todd and Tyler. All phased at the ripe age of 12. Yes, 12. That was three years ago. The pack is the largest its ever been with now 12 werewolves ranging from the age of 15- 25. Over the past few years some of them have made their way to Seattle for a visit. I knew better it was Jake's way of keeping an eye on me. He worried about me being alone in Seattle where I could draw any kind of trouble. Embry seemed to visit most bringing me baked goods from his imprint Emily. Quil would show up when I was at my peak of stress for some comic relief. Jake only made it out a few times too busy with being Alpha and starting up the mechanic shop he opened with Quil and Embry. What threw me for a loop was when a wolf I didn't recognize showed up at my door about two weeks ago. I was just in the midst of my last set of finals and Jake knew how overwhelmed I was. Little Seth was no longer little. Now towering my 5'3" frame was an eighteen year old 6'6" Seth Clearwater. He was just what I needed. He was a shoulder to cry on and sat right by my side while I studied. He stayed for a week since his graduation was early in the year to free up for patrol. He was set to start as apprentice at Black Auto Shop this summer. He stayed and saw me through my last finals keeping me focused. Ironically, I graded best out of all the finals I'd taken over the past few years. He stayed for graduation joining my dad, his mom and sister. Jake showed up just in time. I could hear him hoot and holler over the crowd when I crossed the stage. So now here I am next to Jake in the back of Seth's truck headed back to La Push. The bed loaded with my things. Dad and Sue following behind and Leah on all fours keeping a look out as we head towards the coast we call home. I am so drained that I've stretched out in the back seat with my head in Jake's lap. His warm fingers found their way into my hair running softly through my long tresses like a comb. I must have been lulled to sleep because next thing I know he's nudging me to wake up. I sit up rubbing sleep from my eyes stretching my tired muscles. I missed Jake's eyes ogling my petite frame where my shirt rose up my torso during my stretch. I also missed the scowl Seth sent him. Jake and I've had a weird relationship the past few years. He was my constant that first year after Edward left. Then it turned physical the summer before I left for school. We both lost our virginities to each other. It wasn't awkward at all but beautiful. We basically became best friends with benefits. We knew though that we'd never be anything more because he never imprinted on me which meant there was someone out there meant for him not me. I accepted it and we've just kept things light as possible. We reach the house to find Quil and Embry. Now realizing other wolves would be here to unpack I wish I had showered harder before we left. I'm sure they will smell Jake on me. We had spent my last night in my dorm together for old times' sake. It had been so long since we'd been together it almost felt like the first time all over again. Except this time we knew what we were doing. He was so gentle and attentive. Effectively giving me four orgasms before he let me fall asleep lying on top of his chest before our early morning came. Quil practically pulled me from the backseat before I barely have time to remove my seat belt. He passes me off to Embry after getting his hug in. The both snicker when they smell Jake on me. Not all of the pack knew about our physical relationship. Jake promised he'd keep our private moments under lock and key from pack mind and I was forever grateful. Mostly Quil and Embry were the only to know and of course Seth. I was so happy to be back with my boys I barely noticed Paul making his way over to us. "Bells it's so good to have the gang back together." Embry stated referring to the three stooges and their Olive Oil. It was an inside joke we started after spending countless of afternoons in Jake's garage working on different cars. "Yeah yeah I know. Now let's get this stuff inside before I come down with something." Because I graduated in the fall it was now December and the snow was soon to drop with the degrees going down more and more. They all followed me into Jake's house where I had my own room though I'd probably end up in his bed most nights. He insisted on me moving in with him when I returned mostly because there wasn't much room at Sue's. I already had a job lined up to begin in January after the kids return from holiday break. I was taking over a seventh and eighth grade English class and Librarian position. Charlie relented easily only because he hoped Jake and I would get married and have pups some day. He just didn't realize that wasn't in the cards for us. It only took about thirty minutes to get my things situated. The guys left us for a little while so I could rest. When I woke up a few hours later I decided just to take a few of my things into Jake's room so I wouldn't have to go back and forth. He moved out of Billy's last year after finally deciding on buying his own place. The Council set aside a parcel of land with a house for each of the wolves when they turn eighteen but they can hold off on claiming it when they are ready. As Alpha he has a direct walk to the beach but surrounded by trees otherwise. It's just a two bedroom and one bath house with a decent size living room and kitchen with breakfast nook for eating. The back yard he added a large deck/porch with three large picnic tables for when the pack gets together. I made my way into the bathroom loving the tub he has. I disrobed after filling the tub and adding some vanilla bath salts. I rested my head back listening to the quietness of the house. I knew Jake wasn't home he's probably on patrol or out for a run filling in the pack on my arrival. Tonight is a welcome home bonfire so I can meet the rest of the new pack. Really the pack would use any excuse to have a bonfire. It was going to be a cold one I thought just as I heard the back door swing closed. "Bells where are you? I know your awake." Jake called as I heard him make his way towards the bedroom. "Bathtub." I said in a normal voice knowing he could hear me. I got used to his supernatural habits a long time ago. I still enjoyed certain benefits like how he could hear my heartbeat so he usually didn't bother me when I'm sleeping. His favorite is when he can smell my arousal. It still makes me blush like a school girl. "Hey there beautiful." He said leaning over to peck me on the lips and sit on the side of the tub. I couldn't stop my eyes from raking over his gorgeous body. He was in cut off jeans that sat low on his hip showcasing that sinful V shape that sat above the waistline. I'll never get tired of looking at his body. "See something you like Bells?" He asked wiggling his eye brows. "What time do we need to head to the beach?" I asked trying to change the subject. I sat up running my loufa over my limbs starting to bathe giving him a tasteful eyeful. "Uh.." He started off getting distracted easily. He cleared his throat. "Actually we are having it here around the fire pit I built a few weeks ago. It's too cold to go down to the beach." I jumped out of the tub slipping thankfully my wolf grabbed my hips steadying my swaying form. "What do you mean we are having it here? I haven't done anything to get ready. I need to clean up the kitchen from our lunch and pick up the living room. I think I left one or two bags out there. And I didn't even make anything. Jake!" I was trying to step out of the tub when Jake just picked me up and pulled me out. "Honey, stop where are you going?" He was staring at me like a piece of meat. "Stop that. I'm getting in the shower so I can hurry to get the house picked up." I said in a huff pulling the drain and turning to start the shower. Jake already had his shorts off and pulled me in shutting the door keeping in the steam. "What do you think we are doing?" I asked a little annoyed and a little turned on. "Well they won't be here for at least four hours. You don't technically have to cook anything Emily, Kim and Leah already took care of the food. It's taco night. And I plan on taking my time washing your back." He said the last part a little lower and seductive as he dropped down to suck on my neck. "Mmmm okay I guess you've made a good case. But I don't plan on spending the next two hours in here." I said jumping to wrap my legs around him. He reflexively grabbing my ass smirking down at me. Before I had time to wrap