Author Note: As of 2/20/12 Sorry to anyone previously following this, but I had deleted it and am now reposting it. I've made some editing changes so you may want to look the chapters over as it will affect the story. I don't own LOTR. I can only dream of ever creating stories as epic as them. When Isildur cut the Ring from Sauron's hand, the Dark Lord's body disintegrated and his spirit shattered. Part of that spirit remained in the form of the giant eye at the top of Barad-Dur. But a small part of him disappeared. No one knew what became of that missing piece of his spirit. As the centuries passed, it was forgotten. Those few who did possibly remember disregarded it as insignificant. How very wrong they were. For even the smallest of things can make the largest of changes. … "Anaya is leaving" said Bergalan. The old elf looked down in sorrow at the thought of his only child. He slowly turned his grey eyes back to the one in front of him. "She feels naught but grief anymore; no amount of sunlight brightens her world. She asks if you would escort her to the Grey Havens." "She means to sail?" whispered Gorlan, his daughter's childhood friend and one Bergalan considered as his own son. Before Bergalan could respond, the younger elf leapt to his feet and burst out: "No! She cannot! I will follow her to the Grey Havens if she tries to leave, but only to tie her to my horse and drag her back!" "Gorlan," Bergalan sighed. "It is her choice. She is unhappy here; let her go where she may find peace." "What of you, her father? She is your daughter. You cannot possibly want her to go!" came the shouted reply. "I do not wish her to leave, but if it meant her grief subsided, then yes, I believe she should go. I would rather she be a thousand leagues away and happy, then right beside me and in pain." Gorlan shook his head. "I cannot think that way. I do not think I'm strong enough to let her go." … The subject of Bergalan and Gorlan's conversation, the elf lady Anaya, lay along the gilded couch on one of the many balconies in Rivendell. One pale hand draped over the edge of the couch, dangling limply a few inches from the ground. Her typically gleaming hair was fading to a dull flaxen, her pale blue eyes held no light, and the only color in her skin was the barest touch of pink in her lips. A cool autumn breeze blew through the valley, stirring Anaya's hair and bringing the scent of rain to her nose. Several fallen leaves lifted and blew up onto her chest and lingered there. Yet there was no reaction from the figure on the couch. A sting of pain and fear pierced Gorlan's heart when he came and saw her lying as if death had already taken her. "Anaya, Arwenamin !" he cried, rushing to her side. He fell to his knees beside the couch and clasped the cold hand that lay over the side. Finally, the anguished lady reacted to something. Her eyes opened and her head turned slowly towards his voice. "Gorlan," she whispered, voice strained from disuse. " Mellon nin, why do cry out for me? I was standing on the edge of the white shore, the foam rushing around my feet. I was ready to leap into the waves and your voice called me back. Why will you not let me go?" "You were dreaming, Anaya. You are still in Rivendell. And it would gladden my heart if you remained, so much so you cannot possibly imagine." Anaya sighed, turning her gaze to stare at the sky. "I cannot. My heart is in so much pain, and I do not even know why. All I know is I cannot take it anymore. I feel the life leaving my body even now." Gorlan had been raised and hardened as a warrior. Yet his experiences with warfare were nothing compared to this. Lying before him was the woman he'd always cared for, the one he always looked forward to returning to after a long journey, and now…she was dying. It was obvious she was fading. The thought of losing her filled him with more terror than the thought of facing down a Balrog unarmed. She is fading…she is dying. And he had never told her he loved her. "Anaya," he whispered. He kissed the back of her hand, feeling the iciness of skin against his lips. He did not know what else to say to her, what else he could possibly do. Anything he could possibly say seemed in vain. He stayed kneeling by her side, clutching her limp hand, until the sun faded behind the mountains. Anaya did not move or speak to him again in that time, her heart as dim and cold as the night. … Gorlan stood on one of the terraces overlooking the Bruinen. The stream of water roared as it cut through the valley below, carving out a path with nothing to stop it. The dark-haired elf sighed. Life was not so simple. To carve a path for oneself, and be able to follow it was easy to say, maybe even to plan, but not so easy to do. The mid-morning sun shone down onto the Elf Haven, warming the autumn day. He'd stayed at Anaya's side into the night, but by the time the moon had risen over the mountains and moved into the east, he'd dropped her hand and left. She'd lain there like a corpse on a funeral bed-cold, silent, still. He'd wandered through the darkened halls feeling grief reach into his own heart and diminish his spirit. The entire night he went without rest, until the sun rose over the Misty Mountains, and some small amount of peace came back into his heart. He did not want to give up hope. He wanted to believe Anaya could be saved, that he could convince her of a reason to stay in Middle-Earth, even for a little while. He knew one day all the Elves, himself included, would pass over the sea to the Undying Lands. But why now? Twenty-five hundred years was but a small while to an elf, but it was his entire lifetime he'd spent in Middle-Earth. It was the only home he'd ever known and truthfully, he was loathe to leave it. He felt selfish admitting it, but one of the main reasons he did not want Anaya to leave was because he himself was not ready to go, and he couldn't imagine a life without her. If she left, she would be gone, until he finally followed her. If she stayed, there was the possibility her spirit would simply fade away and she would die. Either way, he'd lose her. Was it selfish of him to want her to stay because of the love he bore her? But there was always the possibility she did not confer feelings back to him. It may have been a different matter if she did, but alas for him, that was not the case. A bell tolled in the distance, its clear notes interrupting the calm of the morning. Gorlan had heard rumors—Lord Elrond was planning something. Bilbo the Elf-Friend have arrived in Rivendell some time beforehand and just a week ago Estel and four hobbits, one of them—Bilbo's own relative it turned out—was wounded by a dark blade and healed by Lord Elrond. In the past few days other strangers arrived to Imladris including a stern man from Gondor, some dwarves, and three elves from the Kingdom of Mirkwood, one whom he recognized as their Prince. Yes, something was definitely going on, and it was not a party. There were whispers of an evil power growing, a threat invading the free people of Middle-Earth. Was it possible this evil somehow affected Anaya? Her descent into grief and despair had seemed so sudden, like a sharp wind rising and falling instantly over a plain. What if it had not been sudden and he had simply been blind? Had this torture affected Anaya's heart and soul for months or years and it was only just now he was realizing it?! What a friend you are, Gorlan! The woman you claim to love has been in pain and sorrow and yet you did not recognize it! Never in two and a half millennia had Gorlan felt so conflicted. His mind told him it was wrong and selfish of him to keep Anaya from Vailnor. Going there meant a life away from all the grief and despair she felt. She would spend eternity in peace alongside the Valar, and never again be troubled by the woes of a mortal world. But his heart could not accept it. He did not know when his friendship with Anaya had deepened into love, but only that was stronger than any ocean waves that would bear her ship away. Another bell tolled, signaling the noon hour. The elf was startled, not realizing how long he'd stood on the terrace lost in thought. In all his mulling and despair, he knew only some things for certain: his love for Anaya was true, as was his desire for her to be with him, and he would do anything within his power to save her from the darkness that made its way into her soul. …. Leaves turned to gold and flaming red and fell as autumn continued. Eventually, it faded into the beginning of winter, though cold and snow did not penetrate the elves' valley home. A number of scouts and messengers had returned to Rivendell and Gorlan among them, for Lord Elrond had sent him with a party north into the Ettenmoors, though when he returned he would not speak to her of it. Anaya could not blame him. She'd been cold and distance, often avoiding him, and nearly everyone in fact and only was around others if they sought her out. She tried to fight what has in her heart and soul, the darkness, the pain, and the fear, but even with her Elven strength she was succumbing, and quickly. The worst part of it all was she could not comprehend how or when these feelings came to her. The pain had simply entered her, and like a ravenous wolf, was intent on devouring her soul. She was terrified, yet kept her fear and pain locked inside. She could not explain the feeling, though she wondered if this was how a mortal felt when they were ill and dying. She was dying, she feared, for she felt life leaving her. Physically, life was draining from her body. Her chest ached, she felt unusually weary and cold all the time. She did not have an appetite, nor could she sleep at night. This was not normal for one of the Eldar; they did not get ill as mortals did. Her very soul was suffering, and through that, took its toll on her body. A shadow passed into her mind as the sun faded out of sight. It overran her mind with twisted thoughts and malice. She would lie in a daze, unable to fully slip into Elven dreams and rest. But she could not explain it; she could not tell of it. Her father recognized the pain in her heart, seeing her physical self diminish. He'd questioned her, monitored her, even begged her, trying to understand her pain and provide her comfort. But he could not. Gorlan had tried as well, for he had always been her best and most loyal friend, but she could not explain her pain. She feared it was contagious, that somehow her pain might pass to those closest to her. That caused her even more grief—that she would be the cause of her loved ones' own sorrows.