"A Snake in the Garden" 18 December 1995 He loved this place because it provided a safe harbor. Hippocrates Smethwyck hated the holiday season. Well, to be fair, he hated the holiday season outside the walls of Saint Mungo's. All the crazy people came running out of the woods, and family members liked to kill each other over Christmastime. Maybe it was the eggnog, or the stories, or Celestina Warbeck. Okay, he tolerated the holiday season and went through its motions. He wanted Celestina Warbeck, this so-called "Singing Sorceress" to be trapped in a cell with nothing else to listen to but her own vile voice singing her renditions of Christmas carols. Yeah, that was right. He went there. He might be a Healer, but Hippocrates had his limits. First off, she was tone deaf, and she wasn't that attractive for another. Why did they have to play this horrible screeching stuff on every single wireless in the hospital? As Hippocrates headed over to the canteen for a bite to eat after signing off on his clipboards, he checked his watch. He was actually leaving this place at a reasonable hour. It was shortly after midnight. "Sir, the EMPs are bringing in an interesting case," said Augustus Pye, an eager Trainee Healer assigned to Hippocrates's service last summer. He was a young, thin black man with big ears. He practically danced on the balls of his feet every time something as minor as a Bowtruckle bite arrived on the premises. "Everything's interesting to you, Augustus." Hippocrates signed off on his last clipboard and handed his work over to the plump matron, Ruthie. He liked her. "Hey, can you make sure Mary, the lady in bed three, actually drinks his potions instead of pouring them into the plants? Watch her like a hawk." "I'm on it." Ruthie found Mary's clipboard in the stack and made a note. She sat back in her chair and ate a large sandwich. She was on the graveyard shift, fourth shift, and she'd a long time along to grab a bite when it was slow. She slammed a brown paper bag on the table. The canteen was dead at this hour. "Ham and cheese on rye, with a plain side salad and crisps. I asked the house-elf to slide in a toasty. The wife says you like them." "Really?" Hippocrates checked the bag. Smiling, he spotted the cheese sandwiches wedged in the bag. It made him think of soup and bedtime stories. He grinned. "I am a kid again." "Uh huh. Abbey said you'd say that." Ruthie put on her glasses and opened a copy of the Evening Prophet. "Speaking of kids, how many does this one make?" Hippocrates, starting to walk away, threw up three fingers. The place didn't run the same without his wife there. Abigail had actually been one of his Trainee Healers years ago. He had offered her a cup of coffee nine years ago, thinking it would make her feel better after losing her first lycanthropy patient. She'd turned him down and actually tossed it in the wastebasket, though Hippocrates missed the hint. Abbey turned down the tea, too, when Hippocrates decided to change things up. She'd taken the caramel macchiato thing he bought her during a hellish marathon shift. He'd read that as a good sign and made his move. Hippocrates was the Healer-in-Charge on the Dai Llwellyn ward. Now, ten years ago, he was a quiet, modest man. He'd would've thanked everyone from Magical Maintenance to his dead, inappropriate grandmother. (May she rest in peace.). When he'd actually got the position five years ago, he felt like it was long overdue. When a man gets a long awaited position at forty, retirement gets placed on the back burner. He'd had a kid that year, too, which pretty much erased any ideas of actually enjoying his pension. He'd tried and tried to have children for years. When he'd finally accepted he would be childless, the equipment finally kicked in and started working. "It's another girl," Ruthie called after him. There was a running bet on the gender of Hippocrates's and Abigail's third child. They had two little girls under six. Hippocrates ignored her. When he finally reached the hospital entrance, he dropped his sandwich. Two EMPs, emergency medical personnel, arrived on the scene. There was a man with red hair who was covered with a sheet as white as he was. The white turned to red and the sheet got changed. Hippocrates picked up the pace and ran bedside the trolley. "What've we got, Jaime?" Hippocrates snapped on gloves Augustus offered him and replaced Jaime's hands over the chest wound. Jaime was one of his favorites; he was trying to win the kid over to joining ranks with St. Mungo's. "Arthur Weasley, 45, attacked by a snake at the Ministry of Magic. I got him stable." Jaime handed the patient off and told his partner to go. They went up to the lifts to the First Floor. "Come again?" That didn't sound right. Certain he'd heard wrong, given he'd just come off a forty-eight hour shift, Hippocrates asked to hear about the incident again. Who got attacked by a massive snake on government premises? Hippocrates jerked his head towards Augustus, indicating the clipboard should be handed off to him. "I'm sayin'," said Jaime, keeping his hands on the trolley. Augustus confirmed the story. "Blood Replenishing Potion?" Hippocrates shot at him as they raced towards the ward. The packed wound had lost its hold and blood leaked out of Mr. Weasley like water through a tap. Blood covered Hippocrates's trainers. "I'm out. He was losing it faster than I can put it in," said Jaime. Jaime actually screamed when Hippocrates touched Arthur Weasley's soaked robes. His gloves had been eaten through like acid. "Hands off!" Hippocrates, ignoring his own call for the moment, tore open Arthur's Weasley's robes. Another Healer stepped in for Jaime as Hippocrates gloved himself again. "He needs platelets," said Jaime, not sounding confident, shuffling his feet. When the others looked at him, he blushed. He told the floor platelets were the clogging factor in blood. Jaime was right! Hippocrates turned to Augustus, speaking slowly but firmly. "I need you to listen to me, all right?" "Yeah, boss." Augustus tore off his own gloves and tossed them in a wastebasket. "Go back to the canteen. Ask Ruthie to please send an owl to Abbey telling her I'm not coming home. Her mum can watch over the girls. Find out if her contractions have stopped. If not, I want my wife here once they've started every five minutes." Augustus grinned from ear to ear. "She's having the baby?" "I-I don't ...can you focus, please? Thank you. " Hippocrates switched to damage control and repacked the wound before switching to dragon hide gloves. Jaime laughed at Augustus; they were good friends, but they called each other out on their mistakes. It took less than a minute for Hippocrates to gain control. Augustus shrugged, still smiling. "After you do that, I want you to run, not walk, run to fetch a clogging agent in my locker. It's in a green bottle. Go!" Augustus tore from the ward at top speed. Once Arthur Weasley was stable again, Hippocrates forced another vial of Blood Replenishing Potion down his throat, praying that it would take effect in minutes. They were doing a number on this man's heart. There had to be a break between the potion and the clotting agent, and Hippocrates had no idea if this was going to work or not. There was a wedding band on the man's left hand. "He has a family. Damn it." Hippocrates tossed the empty vial into the wastebasket. They had to wait. "I know his son. Charlie." Jaime leaned against the wall. "He's got like, seven kids. Why aren't you doing anything?" "I'm waiting..." Hippocrates counted time off slowly in his head. "The potion needs to react first. Are you off shift?" "Yeah." Jaime knelt onto the floor. He sounded beat. So far, Jaime held a perfect record with getting patients to the hospital in stable condition. "If he dies, this is on me. I gave him too much potion." "Wait and see." Hippocrates sighed when Augustus returned and slapped the vial in his hand. Hippocrates unscrewed it and sprinkled it liberally over the wound. The effect was immediate. The puncture wounds sealed themselves and color returned to Mr. Weasley's face. Hippocrates, relieved as anyone else, started breathing evenly again. "Gentlemen, I think we saved a life here. Thanks to Jaime's quick thinking." The other Healer and the matron congratulated the EMP. Hippocrates, after cleaning himself up, offered Jaime a clean hand and embraced him like a brother. Jaime, surprised at his own dumb luck, slapped him on the back. A matron came into the ward, announcing the man's wife had arrived. Hippocrates wanted Jaime to break the good news to her. At the moment Arthur Weasley was in the clear. 19 December 1995 Their victory, their stroke of good fortune, was short-lived. The venom was something Hippocrates had never seen before. Honestly, that's why he loved this job. Things never got boring. The stubborn wound kept reopening, or perhaps it never quite closed. What he needed was an anti-venom, and it was hiding from him. Hippocrates sometimes got obsessed with finding answers. He raced against the clock, and time never seemed to be on his side. When he'd walked into the ward the following morning, he dashed over to Arthur Weasley and Augustus Pye. His patient was bleeding to death again. "What the hell are you doing?" Hippocrates resisted the urge to shove the Trainee Healer aside and take the reigns, yet he reminded himself this was a teaching hospital. Deciding to let Augustus learn from his mistakes, Hippocrates cleaned the wound and instructed Augustus on his wrapping technique. Pale and tired, Arthur didn't say much and didn't utter a single complaint. "Pack the wound." "Okay." Augustus followed his instructions, overcorrecting way too much. Hippocrates, patient, asked him to start over twice. It took fifteen minutes. A stack of bloody bandages got tossed in the wastebasket. "Still with us, Mr. Weasley?" Mr. Weasley gave them a thumbs-up when Hippocrates helped him back in bed after changing the bed things. An orderly assisted them and took the bloody things off to the laundry. Hippocrates waved his wand and caught a goblet of Blood Replenishing Potion. "All right, we're not doing that again. That was scary," said Hippocrates, checking Augustus's handwork after washing up. He spoke conversationally, though he felt that he played a game against an unknown opponent. He'd ruined his second pair of trainers in two days, although he might be able to save these. He'd tossed last night's in the dumpster because they were too far gone. He hadn't even left the hospital because he feared killing Molly Weasley's husband. Luckily, his own wife had had a false alarm. You'd think with this being her third pregnancy, she'd know the signs. Abbey really wanted to have this baby already. As she was more than a week overdue, she'd grown impatient. She'd returned to work the following morning. Some Healer on the Board of Directors flagged her for not complying with the dress code and gave her what he referred to as a warning. Abbey, in true fashion, ripped up the pink slip right in front of him before she headed off to rounds. Hippocrates hadn't been there, but he wished that he had because he needed a laugh. Abigail was bold, which is why he guessed he'd fallen in love with her in the first place. She was a pretty girl with a hidden ferocity inside her. The woman didn't look like much. She was short in patience as well as stature, although Abigail had a big heart. Before they'd married, she'd chosen lycanthropy as her speciality. As he watched her approach her