She stayed in a constant state of terror. By sheer luck, she'd landed a post at Hogwarts as a librarian, but this could be all for nothing. Eileen had flat-out lied on the application; when the first box got filled in with the wrong answer, she covered the rest of it up with something resembling the truth. Well, for all intents and purposes, really, she answered the other inquiries to the best of her ability. She had earned a certification at a Muggle school. Until very recently, she had worked diligently out of two sister libraries in Cokeworth. (Frankly, Cokeworth was lucky to have access to two public libraries.) Technically, according to the stupid people who sat on the city council, the other "sister library" belonged to the next town over. That place was not her problem anymore. She'd gone through three separate interviews over the summer, one of them with Professor Dumbledore, newly appointed headmaster at Hogwarts, and he had actually laughed when Eileen said she held proficient skills with regards to a typewriter, a scanner and a card catalog. He'd kept her after the interview for an hour because he'd never heard of a microfiche. He'd been headmaster for five years, though Professor Dumbledore himself said it was relatively new. A week after this had happened, she'd received an offer and left home. Eileen would have taken anything to leave Spinner's End. A fifteen year old boy, her son, Severus, had crafted her new identity, and this why she cringed at the chances of this scheme falling apart and going to hell. She was a smart woman, even without the education on paper, yet she lacked any street smarts. Eileen had literally walked out of her home with nothing but the clothes on her back and whatever she could carry in a rucksack. That place, she reminded herself as she sat at the High Table not touching her food, hadn't been her home since the first time she'd crossed the line with her husband. They'd argued furiously, she and Tobias, and she had lost every single row, although Eileen had gotten the last word. Eileen would be the first to admit she hadn't been the greatest mother. She hadn't been a drinker, nor a smoker, nor had she ever turned to other vices, yet she distanced herself from her boy as she retreated inside herself. In the early years, it really hadn't been like that. Funnily enough, he favored her, and this wasn't a good thing. Eileen hadn't ever been an attractive girl. When he was a small boy, she would read to him every night after getting him ready for bed. Her wand stayed hidden under his bed. Severus, a clever boy, had figured this out sooner than she'd expected. She had showed him small things, nothing really, though this kept him entertained. When he was five and ran away for the first time, Eileen carried Severus home after briefly considering the idea to simply take the boy and disappear. The boy had taken her wand. Tobias, drunk and tired after pulling a double shift at the factory, took his anger out on her; thankfully, and to this day she didn't understand why, Tobias never touched his son. They'd started arguing about this or that, and Eileen snatched her wand from Severus when Tobias threatened the boy. With her powers sapped, she couldn't do anything, yet Tobias had the sense to let him go. Tobias threw her down the stairs that night, and Eileen lost more than her wand that evening. She hid it in a book amongst the bookshelves in their small sitting room. Tobias enjoyed collecting volumes. Ironically, although if you walked into his house on Spinner's End you wouldn't know it, Tobias couldn't read too well; he was borderline illiterate. This had been Eileen sole advantage in their marriage. Stupidly, she'd said yes to the first man who had said he loved her, and Eileen would regret this mistake until her dying day, yet she loved her son. Eileen watched Severus as she sipped her water. She went through the whole introduction spiel, though she regretted not touching the food when it disappeared. She'd asked Severus to treat her as a stranger, and he proved really adept at pulling this off. When Professor Dumbledore excused them all after the Welcome Feast, Eileen practically jumped out of her skin when the headmaster tapped her on the shoulder. She shrank back, a habit, and apologized for bumping into Professor Vector. "Come with me, Madam Pince," he said. He didn't bother with offering her a hand. Eileen hesitated, still unfamiliar with the alias, but she followed him nonetheless. She kept her head down. Could he tell everything she owned was new? Her account at Gringotts was under the name Eileen Prince, an initial oversight she'd thankfully never corrected. Ever since he had started at Hogwarts, Severus's magical education was her responsibility because Tobias had flat-out refused to spend a penny to watch his boy turn into some babbling magician. As Severus was older and stayed well away from his father nowadays, Eileen had worked the day shift at one library and acted as assistant director at the other one to make ends meet. When they got to the headmaster's office, she felt ill. Professor Dumbledore gave the password, and she followed him inside, avoiding the stares from the previous heads on the walls. Professor Dumbledore sat behind his desk and waved his wand over its polished surface. A laden tray appeared there. He studied her for a long moment. "You must be starving." Eileen stared at her hands. She'd spent her first earnings, the money she'd received during summer downtime at the library, to purchase a one-bedroom studio flat. She had no idea how this arrangement was going to work over the summer months in future. She shook her head, ignoring her growling stomach. Eileen finally stared pointedly at Professor Dumbledore when he poured her a cup of tea. "Please don't take this the wrong way, sir, but I don't need your help." "Everybody needs help." Professor Dumbledore thanked a house-elf as he entered and offered Eileen a tray of sandwiches. She took one, a little scared, and set the tray on the desk after she took it from the house-elf. Professor Dumbledore smiled when she thanked the house-elf, too. The house-elf bowed low and left the office. "You always were kind to everyone, Eileen." Eileen, taking a bite of the sandwich, set it back on the tray. Her eyes filled with tears. "You knew?" Professor Dumbledore nodded, smiling at her politely. He was either going to let her down easy, or he was going to throw her out and give someone else his coveted position, or she was going to have to beg him for a second chance. She'd begged her husband all the time, so she was no stranger to this. Before she gave her case, however, he reached out for her hand and pushed up the sleeve of her black robes. There were yellowed bruises there. She winced at his touch, purely out of habit again because nothing really pained her, and said nothing for a long time. With nothing to do, Eileen picked up the sandwich and started eating it slowly. "I'm not going to ask you to tell me anything," he said, letting her go and phrasing this carefully, "but I want you to know you are safe here. If you need anything, you need only ask." "I don't ... Damn it." She got up and walked towards the door. She'd find something else. It might take a while, but Eileen had connections with Muggle libraries. The door was locked. Angry, she crossed her arms and turned to face him. "I can be fantastic at this. You don't understand. I need this job because I have absolutely nothing. I lied to you. I did, and I feel awful about it. My husband's a layabout ... and I just said that in front of the headmaster. Christ. I'm going now. Thank you." "Eileen, the door's locked." Professor Dumbledore sat back, actually laughing at her. The smile reached his eyes, and he gestured at the empty chair. "It's not the anagram. You mentioned Vincent Christian Vance as a favorite author in the interview. Nobody knows him. Sit down." It was a request, not an order, and she did, scared out of her mind. She patted her dark hair nervously and stared at her hands. "Eat. You look dead on your feet." Professor Dumbledore waited. Eileen filled a plate and unwrapped a thing of silverware. She had seconds. It got easier to talk with this man within minutes. She'd been eating at food shelters, and although she mentioned none of this, she suspected he knew she really had been getting by on precious little. Severus had stayed with his father because she needed time to set things in order. If he wanted to stay with his father over the summer, she wouldn't fight him over it. She had no right to tell Severus anything, for the boy had practically raised himself since he was a teenager. As he had left her a vial of the Draught of Living Death, Eileen supposed Severus had forgiven her. They'd grown into strangers on Spinner's End. When she'd lost the child last year, Severus had somehow gotten his hands on a mild poison and slipped it into his father's soup. She'd watched him do it, shocked and amazed. Severus had handed her the laden tray, much like the one on Professor Dumbledore's desk at the moment, and headed up to his small bedroom like it was any other night. "Your son is very talented," said Professor Dumbledore, pulling her out of her thoughts. "I know," she said, smiling. Eileen took no credit for this whatsoever. Even when she had practiced magic regularly, she'd never been a powerful witch. She stopped, thinking, for she'd never said she'd had a son, either, yet they resembled each other a lot, so it was easy to see how the professor got here. "I let him read ahead in the schoolbooks." Dumbledore smiled, pouring himself a cup of tea. "Is that not allowed? I taught the boy to read when he was three." It never occurred to Eileen that she might've crossed some invisible line here. "Not necessarily." Professor Dumbledore considered her question carefully before giving her an answer. He studied her carefully. "He's a fifth-year. He should be a fifth-year." Eileen nodded, catching onto his meaning. Severus could get his hands on whatever books he wanted; he could learn whatever he wanted, but he needed to respect the rules. The curriculum stayed the same for good reason. She had attended university at three cheap colleges. Whatever came of those, for she preferred to cross the finish line, she understood a little about how this worked in schools. In the aged universities, some places respected the truth that the books and the texts never left the library. Eileen got to her feet when he didn't say anything for a while. When she reached the door, the doorknob turned and it opened. Something bothered her. Biting her lower lip, she turned back to the headmaster. Professor Dumbledore hadn't dismissed her, though he had started shuffling through papers on his desk. Her voice sounded small, and she tucked a loose strand of dark hair behind her ear. "Why me?" "Why did I choose you? You know how to use a microfiche, madam." Professor Dumbledore's blue eyes twinkled, and she smiled at his joke. He shook his head, showing her a paper from his file. "I received a letter in the Muggle post from a man called George Tidwell, who thought you'd applied for a university position. I've never read a more glowing letter of recommendation. He thinks very highly of you. Good night, Madam Pince." "George." Eileen hadn't asked the library director for anything. Eileen and