He ran into this man on the street. People said things like this all the time, and Newt Scamander was painfully aware of this, too, whenever they went back and compared notes. But, no, Lyall actually mowed down the renowned magi-zoologist in the streets in 1966. Or was it 1967? It was definitely 1960 something because Lyall remembered getting pickpocketed by a Muggle teenager and taking chase into the consignment shop in the dodgy part of town. Lyall got his stuff back because it turned out the kid was dumb, of the really stupid variety, and Lyall stumbled upon his solution. "I am not robbing you." The weak defense came out before he thought about his words. Lyall thanked the proprietor, slipped the trinket inside his robes, and played this back through his mind. He pointed at the window, but the thief had already run off. Lyall said this because this would've been the first logical thought to enter his mind if the roles had been reversed and he'd been the one standing behind the counter. Reaching swiftly behind his back, Lyall reached over and grabbed his boy's arm without looking away. After paying with whatever Muggle money he had left, he bought a Slinky and covered up his tracks like a sad, sorry man. "It's on loan," said Lyall, leaving out the part about the jewelry, an amethyst pendant, belonged to the deceased. The shopkeeper took his money and deposited it into a till. Not for the first time in his life, Lyall was glad he'd married a Muggle woman, an insurance agent, who reminded him of the small stuff. Never leave the house without carrying money, Muggle or magical, and always have a book to read when you're stuck in the middle of nowhere. As they stepped outside, Lyall checked on the old man in the overcoat and jeans. "I am so sorry. There was this kid …Remus, what're you pointing at?" Lyall, distracted by his small boy, completely disregarded the apology. The old man smiled. A moment later, a creature, a white ape-like creature, materialized around the man's shoulder. It clung on, but its movements were slow and deliberate. The man, introducing himself as Newt, reached in his pocket and and handed the invisible monkey a wafer. Lyall followed its baleful eyes. Lyall blinked and the ape shimmered into nothing. "Okay, I'm tired, and I'm seeing things." "Oh, him? That's my Demiguise. Dougal." Newt took another plain wafer out of his coat, tossed it in the air, and the Demiguise materialized long enough to snatch it. "Yeah, the little thief tried to rob me, too." "Whoa. Let's go back to the invisible monkey." Lyall raised his hand and put the man on pause. Remus laughed. Lyall considered his words carefully, for he actually had to stop himself from asking where to get one of those. Throwing caution to the winds, even though he knew his wife, Hope, wouldn't like it, he asked anyway as they walked along with the man. "Can I get one of those at the Magical Menagerie. Mr. Scamander?" "A Demiguise? No, no." Newt put his handing his pocket and handed Remus a wafer. He introduced himself and added after a moment he was the nobody who wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them when Lyall registered nothing. "And if you don't know what that is, I'm afraid you slept through courses at school." "You're Mr. Scamander?" They shook hands and went on with a proper introduction. Of course, Lyall felt stupid the man had said it before and he'd missed it. "It's rare you actually get to meet an author." "And nearly kill him, yeah, I know," said Newt lightly. He must have gotten this a lot. He smiled when Remus said he read that book. Instead of writing the kid off, Newt raised his eyebrows. "What's your favorite?" "Runespoor," piped up Remus, after thinking for a minute or two. "I like when they get rid of one of the snake heads." "Oh, when you get married, that's going to carry so much more meaning. Especially if your wife has a chatty American sister." Newt stopped, did a double take and read Remus's confused expression. Lyall fought a handed Remus the toy. "Forget I said that. The best thing to do when you find a thief? Pin it against another thief. If you can't steal and steal like your life depends on it, find a burglar nobody in their right mind would expect." Lyall took this little nugget and stored it away for future use. Old people came along like wells of knowledge, and it had taken a lot time for him to cotton onto this. Lyall made a conscious effort to keep an eye on his ignorance. As an authority on Spiritous Apparitions, he had climbed the ranks alone and never stopped learning. The most surprising moments, if fact the most helpful ones at the end of the day, came whenever he got proven wrong. "That trinket you carry? George Dawson needs you to cast it in the fire to get on with his life," said Newt. He pointed at the small house along the way. "You know Dawson?" Not wanting to lose the man nor his lead, Lyall picked up Remus and picked up the pace. He corrected the tense here because they were talking about a man who had died in his bed. "You knew Dawson?" "No. But I know of his story, and I travel here all the time in search of things." Newt changed his shoes to boots and entered a stable without invitation. Lyall, thinking he didn't want to trespass, seriously debated leaving the old man here and going about his way, yet he seriously wondered if the man had anything. Newt scuttled over to a stable, sidestepped manure, and gestured at Lyall to follow. "My guess is you're not from Dorset either. And you work alone if you're carting around a kid. Who brings their child to work?" Lyall guessed Newt Scamander either wanted to steal eggs for breakfast time, or the old man was onto something. Newt dropped to his knees, nibble for an old man, and went scavenging for something in the stable. Lyall almost called after him. but he stopped because he didn't want to get caught. Remus got free and went after the man. Lyall. worried at this point, imagining himself held up in some Muggle jail and Hope bailing him out, stayed where he was. Minutes later, Newt came out carrying two scruffy creatures by the neck; they had rough hair. "Porlocks. Dougal, you've done this enough today." Newt magicked clean straw with his wand and plopped the creatures down. He did not cage them. The Demiguise, slunk off like an old man and wondered over to Remus. The ape stuck like glue to Lyall's son, but Remus simply sat down Indian-style and held the Demiguise like a small child. Newt conjured a sketchpad, quill, and ink, and carried on the conversation. He held his wand between his teeth and examined the Porlock as it stood on its two legs in his hand. "Why would you want to visit a haunted house?" "It's not haunted," said Lyall, falling back on his usual correction. "They just happen to be dwellings that are shared with humans. If you live with a phantom or a ghost, you're actually not in a bind. If they are friendly, that is, if not … your life might get interesting." Newt actually threw his head back and laughed. One of the Porlocks. wary of humans, started to scamper off, but he caught it in between his weathered fingers. "Damn arthritis. Old age catches up with you and it's not pretty." "I talk too much," said Lyall quietly. "No. You're a weirdo, too. That's refreshing." Newt shifted a little and made a nest for his Porlock in the straw before he continued with his drawing. Turning to face Lyall, he smiled and made a quick sketch of the horse guardians before they dashed off to safety in the stables and under cover. Newt scratched his chin and scrutinized his drawing as Remus played with his toy. Newt sucked the blood from his finger and thanked Lyall for bandaging it with a quick spell. He scribbled notes on his sketch and consulted a patched edition of his book as he adjusted his spectacles on his nose. "I didn't mean to insult you, sir. My wife, Tina, says I need to think before I speak. My son? He wouldn't be caught with me and a ten foot broomstick." Remus ended up playing a game of one-sided tug-of-war with the Muggle toy with the Demiguise and lost. He almost landed in manure. "That was almost unfortunate. Dougal." Newt turned to his Demiguise and addressed it like a small child. "We've been friends for a long time, haven't we? Settle down." The Demiguise batted the air with his arm and scooted over to a corner of an abandoned farm building to sit in a corner. Lyall smiled, bemused. Remus, thinking he found a friend followed Dougal, stayed with him. Lyall waited patiently for Newt to finish his work. "My son's called Francis. Frank. He's an ass. I do not claim that mistake because I can't tell you where I went wrong there. Got a daughter. Abigail's okay." Newt shrugged off his comments when Lyall laughed. Newt took a pipe and a stash of tobacco out of his jeans pocket and lit a smoke. The man seemed to notice he wasn't doting over his children and retreated back into his head. Lyall, who spent a lot of time trapped in his head, didn't mind. Newt came back eventually and jabbed a finger at the stables. "I'm trespassing. Maybe my wife will help me, if she feels like it." "What does she do?" Lyall liked this man and his down-to-earth attitude instantly. "She used to be an Auror in New York. I wonder what she'd say if they offered me back to her while I was locked up. 'Hell, no.'" Newt wiped his hands on his trousers and took Lyall's offered hand. He turned his head, chuckling with Lyall, and called for Remus. "Remus, bring Dougal with you, please, sir." They left the farm together and walked towards the so-called haunted house. Newt, Lyall noticed, wore a tattered old Hufflepuff scarf with his old coat, and the old man held his own against a rickety staircase. The Demiguise held Remus's hand; they walked between Newt and Lyall. Lyall had his own bag of tricks when it came to inspecting old properties. He spent the night at strange places a lot, so survival kit included a bed roll, snacks, and matches. Even though Hope got that she was married to a wizard, she lived by her matches and her money. "Mr. Scamander." Remus stopped before he crossed the threshold into the kitchen. He turned his head left and right, like a child crossing the road. "You have to wait." "It's daylight, Remus. I don't think Dawson's here." Lyall lit one of the gas burners with a match and tossed the spent thing in a wastebasket. He shrugged off his rucksack, took out a tea kettle and mugs, and made tea. Newt peeled back the aged yellow wallpaper with his fingernail, bored, and knocked on the countertop. Lyall murdered a spider with the kettle, slouching a little water. "Sorry. Mr. Scamander." "Newt, please," he said, distracted with his task. He pulled off a strip and threw it onto the floor. He examined the letters in a scrawled hand. "Ever seen a ghost, Remus?" "Yes, sir." Remus grew up around this environment. Since the accident, Lyall didn't allow him around children, but the boy saw a lot that would make both magical and Muggle children have nightmares. "Have you ever seen one?" "Not for a long time. This one left a message on the wall. Lyall?" Newt