Emmeline needed a moment to escape. She stepped into the large room beside Nicolas Flamel's laboratory. The place stood as a dancing school once upon a time, so the wooden floors went throughout the place. It stayed outside the sister city of Dover, Calais, a shipping port, which thrived with life and did not always reek of fish, despite popular opinion, for a mariner's soul lived here. People either fled to or from England or France at this point; they played an interesting game when they crossed a border, and she loved getting a moment to catch her breath. She wrapped her blonde hair in a loose hairstyle and fingered the comfortable, light fabric of her blue dress. Muggle clothing suited her because it felt less constricting than wizard's robes, and allowed her to fit into the crowd. Emmeline went down this road a handful of times, for she went through her sixth pregnancy in eight years. Some days she didn't understand why she still fought for her marriage. What did it matter in the end? She placed her hand on a bar, wondering why Nicolas left this as the last room to renovate. He lived a quiet life in Dover across the way, though this didn't mean he no longer lived. Emmeline placed one foot behind the other, remembering her steps, and ignored the mirrored wall. The alchemist owned properties, a lot of them, going with the fact he possessed infinite life and wealth. She jumped, surprised when the tall, old man placed a hand on her back and took a proper stance. She had a Paris childhood, a privileged upbringin. Albus Dumbledore was never her teacher in the strictest sense; he never abandoned them as a family friend. No sound from a wireless filled the room. He wore midnight blue robes, smiling at her as they fell into a repetitive motion: step, side, close, and again, step, side, close. "You probably never had a dance partner like this," she said, turning in a wide circle, overstepping herself. "Your grandmother. She found this helpful with Alexander, and Louis … and Alice, I believe." Dumbledore spun her around and smiled when she laughed a little. He placed his hand on her waist again. He'd been friends with Jacqueline Luc Marceau, Emmeline's maternal grandmother, since the start of the twentieth century. He considered Jacqueline his other half; he handed Nicolas a homeless girl as an apprentice. The two weren't romantically involved, of course; they loved each other like brother and sister. Emmeline nodded, guessing this is why Nicolas kept the old atmosphere of the large room. "How are you feeling?" "Really, really pregnant," said Emmeline, sighing when he continued the waltz. Emmeline wanted to strangle her husband and ask him to make love to her in the same moment. So life confused her. She went with the truth and wondered if Gideon felt the same way. As a negotiator, he took any and all assignments in Spain, France, and the United Kingdom. He left at the drop of a conical hat. The midwife said last week; it was supposed to come last week, but the futus took its time. She wanted the thing out and she'd come to dread the phrase "any day now" because this parasite sucked the life out of her. "This isn't about me." Jacqueline lay in a bed in one of the nearby bedrooms and circled the drain. Emmeline's apron was tossed on the floor when she stormed away from Nicolas. At six hundred fifty-something, the renowned alchemist wasn't the kindest of men, and he'd reduced her to tears over a shattered alembic. "I can't work with him." "Jacqueline had six children, and Nicolas has no time for feelings." The professor lowered her hand and suggested they get some fresh air. Emmeline jerked her head towards the open door. "She's still here." They stepped out of the building. Emmeline kept her last name of Marceau because it offered her roots to a family name. Albus Dumbledore often got mistaken as her grandfather by strangers and passersby, especially Muggles, and he took it in his stride as they strode into the fish market. He shrugged off his traveling cloak and draped it over her shoulders. She felt like an alchemical furnace. Funnily enough, people went out of their way for pregnant women. A fisherman's wife, waved her over and offered them a basket of croissants. Emmeline offered her money, seven Sickles, and got waved away for the fisherman's wife took no money. Emmeline left the money and purchased a jar of raspberry jam from another vendor. Professor Dumbledore waved at a young man who caught a large fish from a fishmonger. As the fish practically devoured him, he couldn't return the gesture. Emmeline waited for the boy to fall down, but he didn't, and the people nearby clapped. The boy rushed down the street as fast as his feet could carry him to deliver his catch. "I have never actually seen that," said Dumbledore, grabbing a wicker basket and thanking her for the jam. "It's New Year's Day, too, so he got a pretty penny." Emmeline inquired after the strawberries because they obviously weren't in season and went with some slightly bruised apples instead. "You haggle like a local." Dumbledore, impressed, bought two baguettes, careful to listen to the bread, and some olive oil. He'd learned the bread trick from Jacqueline. Emmeline grabbed orange juice and said she jumped the Channel all the time. They found Gideon, a stocky man with reddish brown hair, dressed in jeans and a Bastille t-shirt by the produce. They exchanged greetings. "Remind your wife she's from Paris." "Snooty Paris where the women walk around like this." Gideon adopted a funny gait and held his nose in the air. He told her this all the time, though she grew up between Marseille and the capital. He stocked up on homemade hazelnut chocolate spread and tucked these away in Dumbledore's basket with coffee beans. "A summer and a winter home doesn't make you down to earth, it makes you a Marceau. Ouch." Emmeline punched him in the arm for his cheek. "You can't be bothered to show up on Christmas Day or New Year's Eve…Christmas Day. No Mass for you." Gideon shrugged this off. "I'm not Catholic?" "Christmas Day. Papa wouldn't shut up." Emmeline frowned when Gideon suggested her grandfather, Gabriel Marceau. a department head at the Department of International Magical Cooperation FR, ought to have spent the holiday actually on holiday or away on assignment, except he lived to serve his frail wife these days. Gabriel had married Jacqueline when she, Jacqueline, was a young woman at the tender age of sixteen. He had been nineteen; they were married for seventy years and and learned to love each other. Jacqueline wished to die at home or attend an expensive gala in Paris? She got it. Emmeline gestured at hersef in her condition nd rolled her eyes when Gideon promised her the baby would come whenever she pleased. Emmeline disagreed with Gideon. "If it kept on schedule, Papa wouldn't have wasted two days." Gideon, laidback, kissed her on the cheek and said he got three contracts and a bonus. Emmeline, stir crazy with her best rest orders, asked after the money, and he told her thousands. Although the midwife said no traveling, especially no Apparition, they bent this rule a little. Dumbledore went ahead and Disapparated. "Papa's fine," said Emmeline, looping her arm through Gideon's when he asked after her grandfather. Despite the fact he was her grandfather, and she was Alice's daughter, she called him Papa because age stayed a touchy subject with Gabriel Marceau. "Is it bad I want to force potions down her throat to end it?" "No." Gideon got updates throughout the day by owl. Jacqueline no longer took food or water. He confessed he wanted to place a pillow over her face the other night when he popped by. "It's too painful to witness her withering away." "Nicolas called me a whore." She nodded when Gideon gaped at her. "I broke an instrument … and Jacqueline warned me he had no filter." "And you're really not yourself." Gideon shrugged half-heartedly when she shot him a look. He lowered his voice, ticking off with the truth. "Have you seen yourself? You cried when you burnt toast. By the way, who burns toast? I need to steal one of those Muggle appliances from Arthur and cast Charms on it or something. It's sad when you're drafting a contract and worry over your pregnant wife starving herself, right? Oh, goodness, this means you're going to starve my child, too." "You try acting as interpreter among thirty delegates while trying to eat. You've never sat with Gabriel Marceau, Anita Carlos-Flores, and whoever represents your band of misfits in a conference room during the Iberian Summit and worked as a mouthpiece." Emmeline scoffed when he gave her the name of Caradoc Dearborn. "Yeah, him." Gideon threw up his hands. "He's in the Order." "Thirty people. All the time. Oh, the summer session when seventy-five of you decided to stay at each other's throats? That was fun. Let's play again." Emmeline clapped her hands and beamed at him. "Funny how I'm not supposed to be under stress. How's that working out for us, monsieur?" "Yeah. Nobody planned that," Gideon conceded that and claimed responsibility for her early leave and bed rest orders. Gideon spent money as quickly as he made it, and he burned through it like wildfire. He'd landed himself as the only breadwinner and ran a marathon to stay at the top as the best negotiator. "You look pretty?" "Is that a question or a statement? If the midwife gives me one more restriction, I swear I'm going to lose my mind. She wants me to recline three hours a day." Emmeline never got past seven months before and stupidly raised the alarm and alerted the wrong people two weeks ago. "Oh. And on top of no coffee? No chocolate." Gideon held up a finger, telling her to wait a moment, and went to chase down a vendor. He came back with three large chocolate bars. "Two of these are dark chocolate, which logically means one cancels out the other. I'm lying. We don't like that woman." "See? Gideon," said Emmeline, calming down when she took a bite and speaking in a softer tone. She had more time than she needed to think, which meant she sat around and worried herself to death. She read through contracts and edited negotiations. As she was a relay agent, got a message to one person to another, she shut off her brain and held no cards in this game. She broke off a piece and handed it to him. "We're headed towards a war. I feel it in my bones." Gideon nibbled on his chocolate and raised his hand. "Who's been saying this for six years? Your grandfather won't listen to me." "I know." Emmeline saw her old grandfather as an obstacle. Gideon worked as a slave as he pleased two demanding masters. She took another chunk of chocolate and grinned when he purchased two coffees. "You're my favorite." "Damn straight." Gideon waved at a little girl and tore chocolate off the other end of the bar before he handed it to her. He spoke rapid French, a Parisian dialect, and she answered shyly, surprised that this intimidating, pale, red-haired Englishman spoke her tongue. Gideon stood out as an exceptional uncle because he loved children; they were his weakness. He conjured a bouquet of yellow roses for the Muggle girl and clapped her as he stowed his wand away. She tugged at her mother's skirt, distracting her from a jewelry vendor. Gideon winked at her and placed a finger to his lips after wishing her a Happy New Year, and Emmeline played the stupid, clueless wife. "You've got to stop doing these things. The Statute of