Alastor Moody, Auror of five years, needed a female partner. Female Aurors were scarce, so he was forced to consider recruits that had just completed training and were ready to be assigned their first official cases. He'd examined the files of the three potential partners and chosen James, a blonde who was tall and strong, even though she was engaged and might already have a foot out the door. There was something about her-maybe her big nose-that made him think she wouldn't shake like a leaf or talk too much. When the recruits filed into the Ministry canteen for a celebratory breakfast, he followed and cut in front of James. He placed two plates onto a tray and loaded them up with this and that. The girl, probably thinking she was getting hazed or else was the butt of a joke, followed him without question: a good sign. Once he got to the end of the line, Alastor jerked his head towards her and pointed at the wall. Whoever organized this get-together never planned it out too well because there were never enough seats. The woman, James, got the hint, but said she wasn't hungry. "Here." He handed her the tray anyway. "I did this because I need a favor, and I needed to get your attention." "You could've just asked," she said, helping herself to silverware and digging into the food. So much for not being hungry. She waited. When Alastor said nothing and stood there holding his own plate like a statue, she said, "Use your words." "When I'm ready," he said, eating his own food. He spread scrambled eggs onto his toast. "What's your first name, James?" Not that he planned to use it, but it was information a partner should know. She nibbled her toast and said her name was Lenore. Alastor nodded, wanting to cut through the small talk and get to the point. He'd taken on an assignment without thinking it through. Robards was smart, but he wasn't the sort of person he needed at the moment, and he certainly wouldn't be flattering in a dress. "I need a wife." "Goodbye." Lenore scraped her plate and added to the pile of dirty dishes. She walked off. "You're following me." "Yes." Alastor stopped when she stopped. When she started walking again, he did, too, careful to stay at least three paces behind. Lenore threw up her hands when she realized he followed her into the Atrium. "I've been watching you." "Stop talking." Horrified and appalled, Lenore glanced around at the people milling around the place. What was he missing here? Alastor had never dated when he was in school because he had one goal in mind. He was the only son of John and Diana Moody, Aurors, and he was always going to be an Auror too. It hadn't been easy, although people probably thought he got a smooth ride in his own qualifications. He hadn't had many friends. His parents had raised him not to trust people because people stabbed each other in the back. Outside of his mother's ears, and they weren't bad ears as ears went, Alastor thought he passed for all right. "You're clever," he told James. "You think on your feet because you made it through that obstacle course in seven minutes last night. Who else would have thought of picking up a crossbow? You did." Alastor nodded when she turned around. When she started walking back towards him, he played all this back through his mind. What had he said right? He needed this for future reference. "You want field experience?" "Stop stalking me," said James. He handed over a file and waited for her to read through it. Although she was relatively new to this, she got it after a quick read. Alastor knew this because he quizzed her and threw nit-picky nonsense at her on purpose. He introduced himself and offered her his bruised hand. James said, "I know who you are. When you actually do manage to get a wife, Mr. Moody, which is probably wishful thinking, talk to her." "I don't believe in marriage. I need an Auror partner to act as my wife." Uncomfortable with her stare, he said, "Lenore is an unusual name. I like it." "Thank you," she said. "My father loves Poe. Poe's a writer." He smiled when she did a double take as he recited a stanza of "The Raven" from memory. "Didn't know I knew that, did you?" She asked him to recite the whole thing. "Yeah, that's not happening. You want field experience? Yes or no?" James hesitated. "What? You have to get the fiancé's permission?" "No. I mean, yes, I'll be your partner." Alastor nodded. "Let's go, then." "Now?" He strode toward the fireplaces tied to the Floo Network. "I'll explain on the way." When they turned onto Knockturn Alley and reached the Black Candle, he noticed how nervous she seemed; he couldn't fault her for it. Hadn't he been in her shoes five years ago? Granted, given his parents were Aurors, he'd grown up around this chaos, but everyone started somewhere. It wasn't his job to babysit this girl. But it was his responsibility to get her to trust him. Nodding at the landlady, Alastor took off his travelling cloak and draped it over his chair. Rolling his eyes, he realized she stood there, so he went over and held her chair. When he sat back down, he watched a couple nearby dirty tables scrubbing themselves. "Order anything you want." He offered her a menu. James said she wasn't hungry. Alastor, simply to make a point, ordered a sandwich and a house salad. Her stomach growled and betrayed her. "Not hungry," he grumbled, not believing her, ordering some stout and a fizzy drink for the lady when the landlady, a Madam Wren walked by. James ordered the steak and kidney pie. She asked for some chips. "Thank you." Alastor handed over the menus, and Madam Wren returned with their food a little while later. Normally he wouldn't indulge whilst on the job, and he nursed the stout. Madam Wren seemed to notice when she came to check on them when she made her rounds with the bustling supper crowd. Really, Alastor preferred to be left alone to enjoy his meal in peace. He ordered a gillywater simply to get her to leave them alone. "Busybody," he muttered under his breath. "You're not very friendly," said James, helping herself to one of the tomato slices laying top of his salad. Alastor blocked her with his fork, but she merely smiled and said, "Darling, we always share food. We are on holiday. Are we not supposed to enjoy ourselves? We share everything." Alastor relaxed his tense shoulders. Of course, a love sick fiancee would know what she was talking about. Or he guessed James knew whatever she was doing. He ate from the other side of the salad dish. They masqueraded as a Mr. and Mrs. Richard Dixon. "Order your own." He didn't like people jumping into his personal space. "Relax, Richard." She dropped her salad fork, the tomato still on its tongs; it clanged against his plate. He shoved the salad towards her. "I don't want it, thanks." He took it back and acted a little short with the landlady when she came by to check on them again. "You know what? I think we're going to turn in and call it an early night," said James, placing her napkin over her plate. She gave the excuse that her husband had a headache. Alastor took the key. Madam Wren thanked him for paying. "I have tonic for a pain reliever here somewhere. "No," said Alastor shortly. James glared at him as he got up, so he added, acting a little disoriented, "No, thank you, Madam Wren. Good night." Madam Wren looked a little insulted and conjured the small vial just in case, although Alastor had no problems declining. "Well, night, dears." They headed up to the room, and the stuck door really did give him a headache. "There." Alastor opened the door after slamming his shoulder into it. The room, filled with sparse furniture, had a wardrobe, two end tables, a couple mismatched armchairs and a bed. Water stains spotted in the corners of the walls. "Welcome home, James." Before they had arrived here, she'd grabbed a rucksack with the basic necessities. They kept these in stock, though he'd told her to head home if she needed anything special; she needed to pack light. Alastor, always ready to go at a drop of a hat, kept a rucksack in his cubicle. She stepped into the bathroom, and he cast simple spells around the perimeter. They weren't acting as Muggles. When she started screaming bloody murder, Alastor dashed into the bathroom, wand aloft, and nearly tore the bathroom door off its hinges. James screamed in the shower when he pulled the shower curtain back. "What the hell? Get out!" "Yeah." Alastor cast a hand over his eyes and asked her what was wrong. When she said there was a dead spider in the shower, he rolled his eyes and stepped outside. Didn't she handle spiders in Potions classes? When she came out dressed in a plain dress, he pretended to make the bed. "You can get it now," she said, drying her hair with a towel. As Alastor passed her, he caught the scent of lemons in her hair. "And I'm locking the door." He picked up the dead spider with two fingers and tossed it in the wastebasket by the sink. Crisis averted, he went back into the bedroom, grabbed his rucksack, and unpacked. She'd already done this with her things. When he stepped back into the bedroom, he told her to take the bed. "Okay," said James, not arguing the point. He hadn't expected her to. She sat on the bed, and the bedsprings groaned at the slightest touch. When he cracked a joke about sex being no secret with this bed and these walls, she paled. "I'm not sleeping with you." "Nope. Wouldn't want to upset that fiancé of yours." Alastor conjured a lumpy sleeping bag and set up his sleeping spot. He spotted a battered case standing in the corner. "Is that yours?" "Yes. It's a violin." She lay on the bed and punched the pillow. They said nothing for a while, and she asked him if she could play to mask the sounds next door. Muffliato Charms would mask sounds they made, but not the noises of others. The candles had been extinguished, but Alastor imagined her beet red face when the lady friend next door moaned in pleasure. When James started to play, she sat on the edge of the bed. "When did you start to play that thing?" Alastor understood next to nothing about music, but even with his untrained ears, he knew she played exceptionally well. "When I was five," she said, setting it aside when their neighbors rapped on the wall. Alastor rolled his eyes and waved at her, telling her to play as long as she wished. "Five." He closed his eyes. "Are you a prodigy, James?" She wrapped up an upbeat tune and set the instrument aside when things had quieted down. She said no, though the way she said it with a shaky chuckle made him think this was untrue. Alastor didn't press the matter. As she relit the candle and started reading a cheap paperback , he opened his eyes and stole a glance. It was no wonder she was off the market, he thought, for she had a nice face even with that nose. There was a knock on the door. James escaped onto the bathroom and changed into her nightgown, and Alastor, chuckling, went to answer the door. He backtracked, and kicked the sleeping bag under the bed to cover his tracks. Had he forgotten to pay his tab? James had chosen not