Once upon a time, Neville Longbottom's grandmother would have lost her head over him leaving a position at the Auror Office. After the Battle of Hogwarts, Kingsley Shacklebolt did his magic behind the scenes with piecing the Ministry back together, and he chose Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and him, Neville Longbottom, to come along for the ride. Neville, shocked and a little confused, accepted the post. He got the offer because of his name. Not wanting to turn down the Minister for Magic, or the Acting Minister for Magic, or whatever Kingsley went by, Neville joined his childhood friends and jumped into the fire. Kingsley really was Minister for Magic now. It had been five years. Harry and Ron rather shuffled through their first few years of Auror training. Kingsley phrased it along the lines of the three of them "putting their hands on the fire". Ron said it was more like flying by the seat of Merlin's pants. Things had slowly settled down. Kingsley's wife always joked about Kingsley's lack of hair. If the man had had any, she'd said, he would have definitely been pulling it out. Neville and the others never saw this behind the scenes, of course, because Kingsley lived by his calm demeanor. Neville wouldn't be Minister for Magic for all the gold in Gringott's Bank. Kingsley might be known for his level head, and he'd definitely earned the mark of "caretaker Minister", yet Neville felt anyone succumbed to the stress and the pressure that came with holding the office. Neville cleared out his desk with a casual flick of his wand. The contents, knickknacks, divided themselves among a couple cardboard boxes. Neville had accepted a post at Hogwarts three days ago as the newly appointed Herbology professor. Professor Sprout was stepping down to travel the world and spend time with family. She'd jokingly offered him the post two years prior as they sat in one of the greenhouses clearing out old stuff. He'd missed the punchline, though, and it was only during last week's interview that this had finally dawned on him. Professor Sprout had a good laugh. It hadn't been much of an interview, honestly. It was more like a summertime conversation between friends, and Neville felt pleased and rather honored they'd crossed that bridge in their relationship. "You've got everything?" Kingsley's deep voice made Neville jump. Neville usually dropped whatever he was holding whenever he was in a skilled, senior Auror's presence. This time it was the old Remembrall. When Kingsley mended it, the trinket formed in Neville's hand and it appeared to fill with red smoke. Neville privately thought Kingsley enjoyed scaring him because Neville had an impressive startle reflex. "No." As per usual, Neville couldn't remember whatever he'd forgotten. He tossed the Remembrall, another gift from his grandmother in his seventh year at Hogwarts, and caught it. He'd lost the first one ages ago. Although his grandmother scolded him about stuff left, right, and centre, Augusta Longbottom had certainly liked that he was easy to shop for. Neville usually received things he'd either forgotten or misplaced as Christmas or birthday gifts. "I could've told you that," said Ron, stopping outside the cubicle with Harry. Ron poked his head inside and flashed a couple brown bags. It was after six in the evening, and the majority of the officers had called it a night. The place was dead. "We have food." Ron stated the obvious. Neville liked this about him. Kingsley left the cubicle, followed by Neville, crestfallen, still clutching the Remembrall. Neville, Harry, and Ron took turns grabbing dinners, for these all-nighters were becoming all too familiar. Ron took the lazy way out. Neville placed his wand on the brass scales when they approached the Annex, the interrogation quarters. The Annex housed more than this, of course, but they needed a table and chairs, and a quiet place for a meal. Technically, this was against the rules. Neville pocketed his wand once a cool, female voice identified him. He ripped off the sheaf of parchment recording the details of his wand and stuffed it in his pocket. Ron, making himself at home, emptied the bag and dished out the food from plastic containers. Neville shrugged, surprised he didn't see the usual fried food feast from the Leaky Cauldron. There was a half chicken, mashed potatoes, and a fresh salad. A dessert was off to the side. Harry conjured metal chairs, and they seated themselves around the table. They all dug in. Kingsley, still standing despite the fourth chair, opted for the salad bowl first and left his other plate untouched. Ron, his mouth filled with mashed potatoes, laughed at Kingsley. "It doesn't even have dressing. That's rabbit food." "Molly gave us some," said Harry, gesturing at the glass bottles in the centre of the table. He had recently dropped the formality with Molly Weasley, seeing as he was officially part of the Weasley family and had recently married Ginny. "No, no, I'm fine," said Kingsley, crossing his legs. He didn't usually stop by the Auror Office, though Neville knew it was his last day. Kingsley kept long hours in his office, too. He turned, probably because they were all staring at him as they tucked into mountains of food. "A man chooses a special at a pub, and nobody blinks an eye. However, he eats a plain salad, and the world flips into chaos. What?" Harry and Neville snickered as they turned back to their food. Ron, eating with both hands, set a stripped chicken leg aside and opened a bottle of beer. Ron rarely missed a meal. Whenever he did, he made up for it later in the day. Hermione Granger was no Molly Weasley, yet she clearly wasn't starving her fiancé. Neville liked to eat, no doubt about it, though Ron put away some food. The demands of an Auror career kept him in shape. Anyone in the Auror Office had to pass an annual physical. Neville lived as a happy bachelor in London in a studio flat. The starting salary as an Auror wasn't much. Neville lived a comfortable life. "You're a health nut," said Ron, shrugging when nobody else spoke up. Ron told Kingsley this at least twice a month. "I am not!" Kingsley vehemently shot down these accusations. He lived in denial. He accepted a beer from Harry, opened it, and took a swig. Ron repeated it, grinning from ear to ear, as Kingsley conjured a water bottle. Ron sat back, letting Kingsley switch out the drinks and prove his own point. The Minister acted almost religious about his salad on the side every night. Kingsley made a face, stabbing a tomato. "I'm not an almost married man getting food from his mother, but, hey, what do I know?" Neville nearly knocked over his beer, gasping when his swig took a wrong turn and went up his nose. Harry, laughing, reached over and slapped him on the back. Ron, nodded, agreeing with the Minister. Neville had enjoyed growing closer with his friends after the war. He wasn't the strange, awkward kid anymore, although he still clung to both. Neville accepted that he was no Frank Longbottom. When his gran finally received the message, things got easier. He felt more comfortable in his own skin. He wasn't the fat kid sitting on the sidelines anymore. He'd gone to the Three Broomsticks for a pint the other night. Maybe, just maybe, he'd returned home with hopes of a steady girlfriend. He grinned, blushing as Ron coaxed the details out of him about Neville's and Hannah's third date. "Neville!" Ron and Harry chorused as they clinked bottles. "Single no more. Maybe." Ron edited his compliment and nursed his drink as he helped himself to seconds. Neville shared the story, breaking it down for them. Kingsley stopped Neville, holding up a hand, whilst Ron voiced his concern. He, too, held up a hand, placing Neville on pause and spraying him with bits of chicken. "Stop. Wait a minute. You bought drink for a training barmaid?" Kingsley finished his empty salad container on the metal table. "What'd Rosmerta do?" Neville flushed red, embarrassed he hadn't caught his mistake. He mirrored Madam Rosmerta's hand gesture, a quick wave of hand. "She threw my money back at me." "Yes, she saved me once, too. Saved me from making a grave mistake with the wife. Patti was all for me messing up, too." Kingsley waved his wand over his food saver, and it cleaned itself. Kingsley clapped Neville on the shoulder before he turned to leave. "Thank that woman. If you ever want to come back to London, my door's open. Thank you for not calling me an idiot when I dragged you up here." Neville shook his hand, parting ways. "Thanks." Kingsley reached inside his robes and handed Neville a golden, scratched letter opener. The thing had seen better days, but Neville took it, rather curious. "This was your father's. He started calling me his golden boy when I stopped asking pointless, stupid questions. When I closed my first case, he gave me this; it's something he got from a Muggle charge." "Oh, thanks." Neville pocketed the sealed letter that came with it. He didn't recognize the scrawl on the outside of the envelope, though he had a guess. Kingsley's name was written on the outside of the yellowed, aged thick envelope. He'd read it later. "Harry, I've got something for you. And Ron, when Gawain Robards is yelling at you, he's not really yelling at you. I know it sounds like it." Kingsley stopped, letting Ron finish his dinner, and have his say. Ron cleared the table with a lazy flick of his wand. Kingsley took out his wand, tapped the table twice, and picked up a large, organized binder. Neville wondered why Kingsley had painstakingly copied hid reports from parchment to paper. "These are my case histories. Follow them to get the formatting down. Befriend a lawyer in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement." Harry took the folder, interested. He drummed his fingers on the binder as he flipped through it and landed on a random page. "Damn, Kingsley, you should have joined the Muggle military." "Remus's father suggested I join ranks with the Corps of the Royal Marines once. I almost took him up on the offer, which is why I took a year off after leaving Hogwarts. I would've made it," said Kingsley, sounding proud. He fell into a stance almost automatically. When Harry gave him a questioning look, he added, "Oh, Remus's father and my uncle are best friends. We shared a godfather, a devout, no nonsense, strict one. Remus and me." Harry, still reading the book, smiled. "I didn't know that." "Yes, Remus usually avoided Uncle Issac like the plague. He did a fine job, too. Bastard. Remus played the fool." Kingsley smiled at the shocked look on Harry's face. "Not to worry. Remus wasn't really Catholic. He put up with Issac. He asked me specifically not to raise Teddy Catholic. He's ... he is not, so you're good. Fair warning, though? If you ever meet Issac Shacklebolt in the street, even if it's just in passing, lie straight through your damn teeth. It's what Teddy's father would've done." "All right. Sirius is in here." Harry got lost in the binder as Kingsley left. Neville signed off on his cases, wondering if his mother or his father sat here doing the same thing night after night. Neville couldn't really remember his parents. They weren't dead. Neville's grandmother had passed last month. The loss had hit him harder than he'd expected. She was old, older than old. It wasn't like when his grandad had passed. Neville had been there when both of his grandparents had drawn their last breaths. Both of them, oddly enough, had died whilst having private, bedside chats with him. Dewey, his grandfather, had told him to be a brave, strong boy. Augusta told