"Seventeen Days" Silently, he prayed to God they'd knock him out, for even though they'd clearly shot him up with something, he felt it. All of it. If whatever it was wasn't working, Elphinstone didn't want to know the full extent of the excruciating pain coursing through his body. It literally crawled underneath his skin and surged through his nervous system. Why had he gone into that greenhouse? The yellow umbrella had broken underneath his weight. A minute ago, some Healer jabbed him with a needle and his jaw unclenched. They all spoke at once and tossed out ideas, although one brave soul reminded them of protocol. There was a plan, a tried and true plan for this? Elphinstone didn't imagine people got attacked by Venomous Tentacula very often. On the flip side of that coin, people chose common sense and stayed away from dangerous plants on the other side of the greenhouse at Hogwarts. Deep breathing did absolutely nothing. He reached out, purely out of instinct, as they rolled him onto his other side. Her hand had gripped the railing on the side of the trolley. Elphinstone blacked out when the spine serum kicked in, though he stayed very present. When they entered a private room, he supposed he ought to feel special. Fear, crippling fear, consumed him. He couldn't feel his legs! A girl with a round face stared back at him. A pretty thing with dark auburn hair and brown eyes, he immediately pegged her for a Scottish girl. Deathly white, she wore lime-green robes like the rest of the small crew bustling around him. She was scared as hell. "It's all right," he said, failing to squeeze her hand. Convulsions, an experience he'd already crossed off his list at Hogwarts Castle three times today, took him. The pretty girl, listening to the Healer, locked his head in place. Elphinstone screamed like a little girl and locked her hand in a death grip. For an old man, he still had his strength, his mind, some of his looks, and his teeth. "Oh, my God, he's awake," said the girl, terrified. Elphinstone thought he shouldn't call her this. It really wasn't fair because she was a young woman. He needed to drop the generation speak. Minerva had pointed out to him countless times that that "'girl", "young lady," and " woman" weren't not synonymous. Whenever he made this and similar slips of the tongue, he forfeited money over to this blue mason jar in their bedroom, though he had no idea why they continued this ritual. The Healers, taken aback, checked their patient charts. Their panic did nothing to calm him, so he picked the Scottish girl as his friendly, ghastly pale, face in the crowd. "Talk to me." Coaching her through this, Elphinstone felt stupid because the roles felt oddly reserved. Shouldn't she be the one holding his hand and feeding him nonsense about how he'd be back to normal in no time? She glanced away from him for the briefest moment, nodded, and pulled up a chair. Breathing hurt. As the convulsions abated, he asked, "What's your name?" He guessed she already knew him intimately from the patient chart. "Margery," she said, placing her hands on top of his, a clenched claw. The massage eased the pain. "It's my first day after certification." "Oh, you don't know want to say such things aloud," said Elphinstone. Hours later, he found it easier as some burly Healer force fed him potions like a small child. It tasted like licorice, followed by burnet meat, followed by a course of something worse. This reminded him remarkably of when his mother kept him at the table until he'd finished his haggis and butter beans, for the very memory made him gag. He threw up twice, which meant they had to start over again. When they finished, he declined water, exhausted and lay back. The last potion, a nice one, tasted like milk and honey, although the aftertaste of the others completely ruined it. "That's the Lotus Leaf," said Margery, conjuring light blankets and wrapping them tightly around Elphinstone's body. "You'll be sleeping soon." "It's nice," he said, feeling a sense of calm wash over him. "Where's my wife, Margery?" "She's coming. She's on her way, sir." Margery helped him into a sitting position. After helping him to the bathroom, she scooped him up, not complaining about his dead weight, and got him back in bed. On his request, she conjured a warm brew, a blend mirroring the Lotus Leaf, warm milk and honey, blended with some vanilla extract. "What's this?" "Vanillin," he said, taking a sip of the stuff and traveling back to his childhood. Reciting the recipe from memory, Elphinstone didn't actually know what it was called because the house-elf always made it whenever the other remedies failed. His mother, a socialite with new money, never had time to be a mother, and he was often sick as a child. Vanillin, a component of the vanilla bean, sounded like a good name. His mother and his father had treated the house-elf like vermin, pure vermin, but Elphinstone had always treated the creature as an equal. "Silas, the house-elf, kept this as a last resort." "I've got to get some of this in my life," said Margery. She got to her feet when there was a knock on the door. She was dead on her feet, and she was off shift, though a complaint never passed her lips. Elphinstone learned she wasn't a Healer, nor a Trainee Healer, but a matron. She was twenty-three. She was not, it turned out, a Scottish girl. When Minerva came in, ashen white, he exchanged introductions. "Minerva, this is Margery Finnigan. Margery, I assume you remember her?" "Professor McGonagall," Margery said, offering her hand and her chair. "It's Maisie. I've been assigned to your husband's case, and I don't know if you remember me, ma'am." "Margery Edgecombe," answered Minerva automatically, there, but not really present. "Yes," said Margery, checking Elphinstone's blank expression. "She does that," he said in a bored tone. "Go home to your boy, Margery." "It's Maisie," she corrected him, checking his patient chart, "though we're going to argue over this till you're out of here. I can see that. See you in five hours. Don't die. You have one job because I want that brew. Good night." "Good morning," he said, feeling like he got a double dose with the Lotus Leaf and the Vanillin. She placed the patient chat by the door and left. Minerva came over to the bed. When this had happened on school grounds, although he'd been in and out of it, he'd remembered seeing her face and hearing her voice. She'd found his body. Professor Sprout had stabbed him in the chest, directly in the heart, with the world's largest needle, and unfortunately, he'd been wide awake at that point. He'd cried harder than he could remember during that hell. Minerva, completely hysterical, hadn't been allowed to come along on the ambulance during transport. "How are you?" He offered her the half-empty cup of Vanillin. "I should be asking you that question," she said, running her fingers through his white hair and pressing her lips to his forehead. Elphinstone closed his eyes at her touch, content for the first time in what felt like ages. Was it only Friday morning? Elphinstone kissed her softly. "I love you." "I love you, too," she said, her voice catching in her throat. She sat down. After explaining that she'd only just gotten out of a conference with no less than seven Healers, including two Healers-in-Charge, she admitted most of it went over her head. Minerva sighed when he offered her the Vanillin again. "I cannot drink after you because you're contagious."' "It helps." He had no idea why. He set it on the beside table. Or he tried. Contagious? Why hadn't he thought of that? It explained the private room, although the truth offered him no comfort. When the convulsions washed over him again, Elphinstone accidentally knocked his Vanillin over and spilled it all over the carpet. He bit down on his tongue, hard, and the waves of renewed nerve pain erased any hopes of sleep. Minerva jumped up, shushing him, and cried out desperately for help. By the fifth day Elphinstone was tired of this shit. He kept his mouth shut, for it was easier on the hospital staff. Although Margery insisted she didn't care and she'd shoulder whatever whenever, he remained silent. As a lawyer, especially working at the Ministry, he was a talking man. On Tuesdays, because he'd worked through a lot of Saturdays, he'd devoted those quiet days to research. Some days, and Amelia Bones had loved this gesture, he put his legal brain aside and jumped into the trenches with the law students, the newcomers, and he showed them tricks of the trade. This Tuesday, after he promised his team, which had a couple more Trainee Healers because his was a really interesting case, he'd travel to London and come back before six o'clock. Margery Finnigan would accompany him to London. Things had changed rapidly in no time. Yesterday, Monday morning, Healer Hawthorne, a man Elphinstone supposed not even God even played with, confirmed what Elphinstone already suspected: he lost complete control his right side, so his arm and leg were dead weight. Margery pulled some strings and got him out of jail. After she'd helped him dress in a casual suit, she grabbed necessities and helped him into the light wheelchair. He needed a day out. After returning from Hogwarts late Sunday evening, Minerva said she'd taken a sabbatical, although Elphinstone had reason to believe Professor Dumbledore had forced this decision upon her. He might've presented it as a request, but it was no offer. "You've never actually taken a day off," he said, glancing over his shoulder at Minerva as they entered the Ministry through the visitor's entrance. He'd never then this route before. Even after he'd retired, his privileges had stayed in place for the longest time. When he presented his wand to Eric, the security wizard, he noticed Eric stared a little too long. "It's not really that strange on this side of the fence. When she said nothing, and Eric thrust Elphinstone's wand back at him, Elphinstone added, "The day after we married doesn't count. You really don't know what to do with yourself." "Shut up." Minerva followed Margery into the lift. Margery laughed quietly. When they got onto the second floor, Margery asked if he needed anything. Elphinstone, thinking this a favorite question in her arsenal, pretended not to hear her. When Minerva asked for his keys, he gave her a list of cases, reeling them off easily. She didn't ask him to repeat himself, surprising him. "Do you need the codes?" he asked. She rolled her eyes and joined them in the conference room minutes later. It was a large room with a polished wooden table and comfortable leather chairs. Margery parked him at the head of the table and stood against the wall. When Minerva placed the case files on the table, along with a blank legal pad and quill and parchment, he raised his eyebrows. "Okay, now you're just showing off." "You're welcome." Minerva sat beside Amelia Bones. "You forget I was one of these people." "Concepts conference, twelfth April," said Elphinstone, unscrewing an ink bottle with his good hand. He stopped, realizing he was stuck in this chair. "I need a runner, please." The second witch to his right raised her hand. Elphinstone beckoned to her with his dead hand out of pure habit, for he had a quill in his left hand and jotted down notes, and the useless thing flopped around. He expected someone to say something, and when his runner gave a simpering laugh, he relaxed a little. It was what it was at this point. Elphinstone turned to face her, noticing