Dewey Longbottom caught an earful from his wife over a bunch of nonsense, yet he still loved her after forty years of marriage. A pacifist, he'd never made it as a dueler in his schooldays at Hogwarts. He was a fair haired man with blue eyes and a boyish grin; Dewey loved life because it was a gift. He carried his weight round the middle, and he always struggled with it. He went through life at a languid pace because he enjoyed taking the scenic route. There was all the time in the world. This was before he found his son, Frank, and his wife, Alice, lost in their sitting room on a Wednesday morning. Wednesdays used to be their family dinner nights. Things had slowly returned to normal after the end of the war. When Dewey Apparated onto the doorstep, he slipped a little, but he found his footing. The door jammed, and he slammed into it when he heard his grandson's cries. Alice and Frank never let Neville carry on like this. Dewey had a feeling. He couldn't exactly put it into words. Something felt off. When he opened the door, he found Alice crumpled on the floor. Her clothes hung off her body. Always fastidious about her appearance and never late for work, Dewey took this as the first sign something was wrong with her. Her blonde hair hung round her shoulders, and she said not a word. Her stockings hung round her knees. Dewey dressed her properly, fixed her clothes, and carried her over to the couch. "What happened, Alice?" He sat next to her. Alice flinched at his touch, so Dewey, a bit frightened, backed off and went to find his son. Alice said nothing. Dewey searched without really seeing anything. He found Neville standing in his cot in his cot in wet clothes. At age two, they were working on potty training this boy, but it was obvious he'd been left unattended in the nursery for a long time. As Dewey walked over to the boy, he felt like he'd walked through a sheer barrier, a protective charm. His hands shaking, Dewey changed Neville and slipped the boy's purple trainers on his feet. Under different circumstances, Dewey would've given him a proper bath, but this place felt wrong. "Dewey." Neville raised his arms. "Come on, grandson, you're fine. Where's Daddy?" Dewey scooped Neville up and walked down the corridor. Frank and Alice had rented this place from the Ministry after one of their assignments wrapped up because their house had been destroyed by the Death Eaters. Cautious and scared, Dewey took out his wand. He might not know a lot, though Frank had taught him simple defensive spells during the war. Dewey didn't really know why he did what he did next. In hindsight, Dewey rather wished he'd done it earlier. As a Healer-in-Charge, he always carried things on his person. Today happened to be a day off. After blowing air into a latex glove, tying it off, and handing it to Neville, he slipped a pair on and took a pinch of Floo Powder out of a small wooden box. He pointed his wand at the grate and flames appeared there. The Floo Powder turned them green. He knelt and spoke clearly. "Alastor Moody." There was a delay, and he caught the Auror in mid-conversation. When Mad-Eye recognized Dewey, he dropped awkwardly to his knees. "Mr. Longbottom?" "Something happened." Dewey didn't know what. And he couldn't go on because his shaky voice caught in his throat. Moody told him to stay put, and Dewey nodded. Fear gripped him. Unable to stay put, he grabbed Neville, who had started to totter towards his mother. "Momma," said Neville. This was Dewey's third hint. Alice was an excellent Auror and an exceptional mother. She and Frank had tried for years to have children and had been unsuccessful on countless attempts. Neville had been a happy mistake. Even if she felt knackered, Alice would've responded to her boy. "She's sleeping. It's all right, grandson." Dewey lied. Dewey drifted off in the ransacked kitchen. A bloody knife lay on the floor; there were three knives missing from the wooden block. Frank's wand lay underneath the table, so Dewey took this as the fourth sign that something was definitely not right. Frank, a decorated Auror, would've never surrendered his wand! Dewey picked up his son's wand and pocketed it. On second thought, he wandered if he should've left it there as this clearly reeked of a crime scene. Frank sat in a wooden chair. He did not sit at the table; someone had positioned him towards the neutral colored wall. He sat there laughing his head off. "Francis, this is not funny." Dewey, annoyed, approached him. He never called Frank by his given name unless he meant business. Red specks splattered onto the clean tile. He found one of the knives in Frank's hand, though his son appeared not to feel any pain. A gravelly voice called from the sitting room. Mad-Eye had arrived. Dewey buried Neville's head in his chest, not wanting the little boy to see any of this. Frank's eyes appeared unfocused, which meant he wasn't really there. Fear filled Dewey's eyes, although his tear ducts remained empty. His hand trembled over his mouth, and Dewey gave a dry sob. "Oh, my God. Frank. Francis!" Frank registered nothing. Mad-Eye joined them in the the kitchen, complaining about his damned leg, and dragged Alice behind him. He didn't seem comfortable with leaving her alone. Dewey knew nothing about proper Auror procedure. There was search, and seizure, and stuff, yet it stood out as Greek to him. "You stay here." Mad-Eye helped Alice into a chair. She talked to herself, although none of it made sense to Dewey. Mad-Eye got some kitchen towel and wrung it in the sink before he washed Alice's face and hands. "How's the boy?" "Neville's fine," said Dewey. Frank finally stopped laughing and fell into an eerie silence. Dewey wanted time to stop. He needed answers. "I had a feeling. I woke up with a feeling, and I came to investigate because I have a key." Mad-Eye's tone sounded clipped and businesslike. "Did you use it?" "No." Dewey explained how Neville had been screaming in the nursery. Mad-Eye checked on Frank. "Did their memories get wiped? I thought we were safe because things had died down. It's been a year since the war ended. Why would this happen?" "Because they're the best Aurors in the field," said Mad-Eye. He did not sound unsympathetic, although he refused to look at the crying boy in Dewey's arms. Neville kept asking for his momma. When Frank flinched at his touch, Mad-Eye squeezed his hand. "Someone wanted to play." "What does that mean?" Dewey pulled up a barstool next to Alice. He let Neville crawl onto her lap. Alice did not wake up. "These are my children, Alastor. I know they're grown, and Alice isn't my blood, but this is my son and my daughter. I love them. I ... I can take it." Mad-Eye studied him for a long minute. He seemed to think Dewey wad strong enough to handle the truth. The Dark Mark, which usually would've been cast over a residence after a Death Eater committed such a hideous act, did not hang in the sky. Mad-Eye painted the picture for him. If, he, Mad-Eye, had been a Death Eater, death would not have been enough. Given their high security clearance, Frank and Alice held the key to top secret information. This would've been dragged out for hours. "Bet they denied them food and water," said Mad-Eye, rushing over and filling two glasses with water. He handed one to Alice, and she lapped it up like a parched dog. He refilled it, telling her to slow down. Frank drank his. When Dewey asked how Mad-Eye could have possibly known this, he made the answer sound obvious as he healed Frank's hand. He fished around for food stuffs and found an unopened box of Neville's animal crackers. "It's what I would've done," said Mad-Eye. He divided the animal crackers. He gave Neville one and picked him up. "Hello, Neville." "Why would they spare Neville?" asked Dewey. "He's two. What's he going to tell you?" Mad-Eye walked around the kitchen and searched the storage area. "You want some carrots?" "No." Neville shook his head. "Well, your dad stashes this stuff at work." Mad-Eye found a jar of peanut butter and some celery sticks. He opened the jar and dipped a celery stick before he offered it to the boy. Neville said no. "Take it or leave it, kid, because we've got two options." Neville tucked into the celery sticks. Mad-Eye kept dipping them in peanut butter and didn't say much for a good while. This is as down to earth as Dewey had ever seen him; he didn't know this man had a soft side. "There are butter knives in the cupboard," said Dewey, pointing. "We're good." Mad-Eye waited for Neville to polish off the celery sticks before he stripped him down and gave him a bath in the sink. Dewey fetched proper soap and shampoo along with some fresh clothes. After hosing Neville down and dressing him clumsily, Mad-Eye commented on his trainers. "Purple, eh? You like these?" "Yep." Neville swung his feet. "Okay. You know, my parents were like yours, too, boy." Mad-Eye set Neville on the floor. Neville, who probably didn't know the faintest idea of what Mad-Eye talked about, shook his head. Dewey didn't know Mad-Eye's parents had been Aurors. "You'll be all right." Three months passed. It was Christmastime. Dewey hated being a Healer-in-Charge. Before his son and his wife arrived on his ward, Spell Damage, Dewey had called this place his sanctuary. Neither Frank nor Alice had showed signs of improvement. Their trial was underway, but Dewey chose not to attend. When Alice had arrived, although Dewey didn't initially know why he'd made this call, he'd insisted they run a rape kit on her. The sight of Alice in her stockings haunted his dreams. He'd been right on that score, and Dewey hated himself for it. Whilst they slowly drove her insane, the so-called gentlemen had taken their turns enjoying her. One of the Lestrange brothers had openly admitted to this in trial yesterday. Alice had enjoyed him. He'd gone back for more. Although he didn't attend the trials, Dewey heard all about them. The matrons and theTrainee Healers lived on gossip, and it was no secret Frank Longbottom was Dewey's boy. Although Dewey was Healer-in-Charge in this floor, he did not consider Frank nor Alice his charges. He'd asked Augusta about taking care of them at home because he could afford the best in the business with his tight hospital connections with home healthcare. She'd asked Dewey if he'd bonked his head recently because this was madness. Neville's adoption went through without a hitch. With overwhelming support from the magical community, Dewey took this as a nice gesture. He was a father again at sixty-two and Neville sort of fell into his lap. Dewey heard the resentment in Augusta's voice all the time. She didn't hate Neville, but she wanted her son back. "What's next?" Augusta stood over Dewey as he read over research in his office. "You pull off miracles, Dewey. What good are you if you can't save your son? You promised." "First off, you need to leave this hospital and get some fresh air. Secondly, I'm not God. I promised you nothing; only an idiot makes promises at St. Mungo's. The only one who can deliver on something like that is God. Do you see Him?" Dewey tossed his memory research aside and sat through her momentary silence. When she suggested something experimental in Argentina, he lost it because she said he'd thrown in the towel. "Get out." "Dewey." Augusta stood her ground. When the office