He loved Agnes like a daughter. Although Elphinstone Urquart didn't have any of those, and she was too young to play that part for him. She definitely held the honor of his favorite niece. At twenty-three, she was already a young mother with another one on the way. Nobody bothered advertising this for obvious reasons, for her grandfather was a reverend, yet it was out there. A skilled potioneer, Agnes worked out of a couple well-known apothecaries. She usually tied her dark hair in a single plait and wore plain clothing. Elphinstone had no family. He'd married into one a few hours ago, and the nieces and nephews who liked him had been calling him uncle for ages. The others, including Minerva's youngest brother, referred to him as Mr. Urquart or greeted him with silence. He sat on the edge of a bed, sorting through things and placing them in cardboard boxes. A black dress lay on the bed. Minerva stood in front of an open wardrobe and showed him two plain dresses, a blue one and a red one. A sapphire ring, an heirloom, glittered on her left hand, and it matched the engagement band behind it. Whilst the one was less expensive, blue stones inlaid in silver, it did little to calm her nerves. Elphinstone placed her Bible, a worn copy, in the larger cardboard box. Minerva clicked her tongue and showed him the dresses again. They had twenty minutes until the top of the hour. Why did women bother asking these things of men? Her father purchased Muggle clothing from the same shop. (His secretary or his housekeeper probably took care of this.) Whoever chose her attire, she certainly didn't think outside the box, though Minerva donned these clothes because they helped her in her act as the reverend's daughter whenever she headed back to Caithness. He frowned, not wanting to disappoint her, for she already breathed sharply through her nose. Elphinstone hesitated, phrasing this carefully. "They're the same." "Yes, I know," she said, hanging them both back in the wardrobe. "Well, you can't wear black," he said, fingering the fine fabric of the one on the bed. It was silk and fell off the shoulder. When she frowned at him, her lips falling into the familiar severe line, he added, "It's a wedding not a funeral, Minerva. You're going to wish Aggie death on her wedding day? Wear one of those on Sunday." "My father's going to have a heart attack when he sees this ring on my hand." She picked the blue one, placing it inside the large suitcase. She cast a Color Changing Charm and switched the black to a lilac shade. They always shared a bag when they took trips together because Minerva always packed light. After gathering her toiletries and checking the bedroom one last time, she zipped the suitcase and rested her hand on his chest. "This thing could feed a small country. The set? Elphinstone, this is ridiculous." "You like it." Elphinstone took her hand and kissed it. "It's beautiful." She sounded a little annoyed when he said nothing and buried his face in her neck. "You're not even listening to me." Really, he only listened to her half the time, and half of that time, she knew it. As he held her, Elphinstone could hardly contain his happiness. They had exchanged vows. It had taken place in her office, the small room next to this one, but he would've married her in a rundown Muggle courthouse in the middle of nowhere for all he cared. It had taken years and years for him to get the answer he wanted, and she'd played the most difficult game of hard-to-get. She turned her back to him, probably lost in her thoughts when he pulled her closer. "Did you at least get it insured?" She actually laughed when he snorted. Elphinstone was the utmost authority when it came to wills, trusts, and estates. Recently retired, he'd dedicated half a century of service to the Ministry of Magic, so he could draft documents for estates in his sleep. Minerva nodded. "Of course. Look who I'm talking to." "The student wants to teach the teacher. What fun!" Elphinstone playfully nipped her throat and let her go. He opened the suitcase and added his Mackintosh coat, a wedding gift, to their things, before closing it again. She had asked him to draft a prenuptial agreement because Minerva fretted over public opinion. Elphinstone, who could had been her father, for Robert McGonagall and Elphinstone were the same age, turned her down. Well, really, Elphinstone was a few weeks older, a fact he was always rather conscious about because it stayed in the back of his mind. He'd flat-out refused to the prenuptial agreement, though he agreed to let her keep her name. Never mind the fact that he wouldn't dare imagine telling Minerva he gave her permission to do anything. He'd simply be asking for it. After all, generations of students had always known her as Professor McGonagall. She was a feminist, like the majority of his female law students. The girls who "wanted" a law career usually left the moment they got married and got pregnant; the ones who played the game seriously married themselves to the exhausting eighty hour work weeks. "So the agreement," said Minerva, grabbing her emerald-green traveling cloak and tossing it over the suitcase. She cycled back to a conversation they'd beat to death because it went nowhere. They'd stopped at an impasse. She lowered her voice and faced him, unhooking his trousers and pushing him onto the bed. "Oh." Elphinstone's widened in surprise as she let her hair down. He flushed, embarrassed, because this honestly hadn't crossed his mind. He sighed when she leaned in to kiss him. He kissed her back, running his fingers through her hair. "Here? What about Agnes? We shouldn't do this." "She'll be fine. Remember the first time we did this? You said you loved me." Elphinstone nodded, recalling the memory like it was yesterday. She'd been nervous, shaking in her bones. He'd referred to it was her thirtieth birthday present, a mutual gift. Since that night, they'd often rented the same bedroom at the Three Broomsticks; they went from friends to lovers, passionate lovers, a compromise he'd enjoyed for quite some time. Yet Elphinstone couldn't help himself whenever he came back to the same question. He closed his eyes, sighing contentedly as they fell into what used to be a casual rhythm. He'd missed her. "I called you a heartless nothing," he said remembering his aged insult. He hadn't popped the question or even draped her traveling cloak over her shoulders since that night. Elphinstone placed his hands on her hips, annoyed when he felt nothing. "I love you." "Elphinstone." She sped things up, wrapped in her euphoria, Minerva moaned. "I can't." Elphinstone wanted this and desperately cleared his mind. Frustrated, he waited another moment before giving up altogether. There was a knock on the office door. "I ...I can't." "Please. Come on." Minerva shifted a little. It did no good. Discouraged, Minerva got up and fixed her robes before she passed a hand over her face and went to answer the door; the concealed wall separating the two rooms reappeared as Minerva passed over the threshold. Elphinstone remained on the bed, his face buried in his hands. Surely, this is what it felt to die of embarrassment, yet he knew this wouldn't truly kill him because it waited to haunt him until the end of his days. What sort of husband couldn't get an erection on his wedding night? Minerva kept him young, at least mentally or spiritually. Whenever they were together, the years faded away. As he listened to her talk to some student, Elphinstone sat up and straightened his clothes. He rubbed his thumb against the plain wedding band. He was unashamedly the romantic in this duo. Minerva didn't really care for flowers, or grand gestures, and she downright hated Valentine's Day, a point she'd made all too clear the first time he'd proposed. That was almost thirty years ago. God, age had finally caught up with him; he felt it. She came back into the bedroom and he fluffed the pillows for no reason at all. They had a bed waiting for them at the cottage. After Agnes's wedding, he'd meant to surprise her. He'd poured his heart and soul into that place, not to mention his money, especially when she'd said she didn't care where they lived. "We're late," he said, crestfallen. He waved his wand over the suitcase and it disappeared. Minerva stopped, apparently doing some quick thinking. "Elphinstone, I don't care. I love you." "Of course." He decided to not look at her as he crossed the threshold into her office. "You'll be taking care of a feeble old man for the rest of your life, or until I die, but that counts." "Well, that was short-lived." Minerva leaned against the wall, back to her brisk tone. When he mentioned the taking out for her niece, she took off her spectacles and cleaned them on a handkerchief. She raised a finger when he opened his mouth. "I swear to God, Elphinstone, if your next words have anything to do with an annulment or taking a step back, I will hurt you." He shrugged, for she'd literally taken the words out of his mouth. He gave it another shot. "You have got to be kidding me! September twenty-third is my wedding day. And you, you of all people, are ruining it. Is this about the papers? I've told you it means nothing. I don't even know why they care . I don't." Elphinstone strode over to her, shutting her up with a kiss. He pressed against the wall, satisfied when she groaned and opened her legs. She wrapped her arms around his neck and dug her heels into his back, an attempt to jar his memory. She'd done that the first time, and he'd loved it. "Anything yet?" She caught her breath, sighing when he shook his head. They acted like teenagers, and he smiled, doubting she made this connection when she started laughing, running her fingers through his white hair. "What is it, my love?" Elphinstone didn't catch the joke. "Oh, it's nothing. I was just thinking I'm glad there are other ways to give pleasure," said Minerva, straightening his tie and giving him a good, long kiss. "What're we going to tell Agnes? And you can't stay here." "But...but we're married," he said, backing up when she pushed him towards the door, clearly enjoying this game. He frowned, lost at how the tables had turned so quickly, although he'd known this had been an unspoken rule for the longest time. She opened the door, and he backed into the corridor. "I sold my London flat. I'm homeless till Sunday." This wasn't, strictly speaking, true. The keys to the Hogsmeade cottage were in his pocket because he'd had them since Monday. "All your friends at the Ministry, all your lawyers, and you couldn't clear that up? That sounds like a stupid mistake and a personal problem, Mr. Urquart. Good night." When he made it to the bottom of the Grand Staircase, hearing the rain outside, he spotted Agnes by the front doors. A chamber pot hung from her hand, pocket change jiggling inside it. She wore a plain dress, a yellow one, and looked completely out of place as students rushed up the staircase. The wedding was on Saturday, two days from now, although they had planned her taking out, the hen's night, for this evening because it was a lighter night at the Three Broomsticks. Why wasn't she there with her friends? She wasn't a drinker, something Elphinstone knew from experience because he'd poured her a glass of cognac on her seventeenth birthday, and she'd looked at him like he'd lost his mind. Her father, Robert,