Recently divorced. It sounded clinical. Kaspar Williamson played this back in his mind as he brushed his long hair and pulled it back into its usual ponytail. He did not sleep with his hair down, and someone had told him this was stupid because of split ends, or frayed ends, or something. There was definitely a reason. He couldn't recall why it the moment, and he wasn't some girl worried about bouncy locks. Happily divorced. Yes, he decided, checking his wristwatch, this sounded better. Finally free of the blood sucking, soulless vampire he once called wife, Kaspar felt like he could breathe again. Of course, it hadn't all been bad. He'd been married to her for seven years. And he got two children as consolation prizes, although she had been awarded custody by the courts. Well, it ended up being joint custody because his lawyer sent a Howler to the right people. Kaspar had earned summers, which would come in handy when the children started school, and every other Christmas. The day the Battle of Hogwarts ended, he got up, received an owl from Kingsley Shacklebolt saying the entire Auror Department had been disbanded, and went back to bed, fully dressed. His nap had lasted for an hour. It hadn't even really been shut eye. Kaspar lay in bed thinking how he'd never been unemployed a day in life. This wasn't going to stand! When he marched into the Ministry of Magic wearing wrinkled clothes and waving a bag of carry out. It was Saturday morning. Frankly, they were lucky he'd shaven earlier that morning. The Ministry of Magic, which usually buzzed with a little life even though it wasn't the regular work week, was dead. It was deader than dead. The government, a beating heart usually working in the background, had flatlined. Kingsley sat on the grotesque statue that had replaced the Fountain of Magical Brethren. Kaspar had walked by this thing day after day thinking whoever designed this "work of art" ought to have had been burned at the stake along with whoever had commissioned it. The latter was probably You-Know-Who. As of this morning, that man, that monster, at least in Kaspar's mind, was He-No-Who. Kingsley donned a casual suit; he wore Muggle clothes almost all the time now, which Kaspar thought was weird, given the man's name was in Nott's Pure Blood Directory thing. Kaspar, a Muggle-born, had gotten caught up in the Muggle-born Registration Committee, had been on the run for the last five months. He'd fled the Auror Department when Kingsley had tipped him off, telling him in no uncertain terms to run for his life and get the hell out. Neither of them scared easily. Gawain Robards sat on the floor with piles of paperwork surrounding him. A man married to organization and hard work, he did not look up until he had finished reading stuff on a legal pad. Was there no parchment in this place? He was a robust man, a fellow getting up there in years. He had stayed at the Ministry. A round faced man with greying curly hair, Gawain, regardless of whatever went down, always weathered the storm. Kaspar showed them the carry out as a peace offering. Gawain cheered. "You know what's difficult? Budge up." Kaspar sat next to Kingsley when he scooted over on the Magic is Might eyesore. "Paying child support when you're technically unemployed and on the run." Gawain handed the legal pad back to Kingsley after adding a few tweaks here and there. He caught the bag Kaspar tossed him and divided the spoils amongst them. "Unemployed is unemployed, mate. And I am sure the courts would have forgiven you." "There wasn't a legal system, not a just one," Kingsley pointed out. He read through his legal pad. Gawain bit into a pastry and said he didn't see the problem. Kingsley, distracted, waved in Kaspar's direction and gave a mirthless laugh. "You're single. Have you met his wife?" "Ex-wife," said Kaspar loudly, savoring the word. Kingsley snorted and continued reading his document. When Gawain asked a question, a fair one, Kaspar held up a finger. "We dare not speak her name, man. What're you doing? You're ruining my moment, Robards." Kingsley helped himself to a breakfast sandwich. "Why were you paying child support before you ended it? I'm guessing the divorce got finalized on Friday?" Kaspar nodded. "I don't know. It helps her get used to being alone with the change in expenses in a single household. Of course, you being the faithful, old school Mr. Catholic, you wouldn't know about divorce. You got a good wife." Kingsley actually did know quite a lot about the legal system. Before they went on the run from the Death Eaters, he and Kaspar had shared Kingsley's place, and they'd stayed out of each other's way as much as possible. Although Kingsley was a married man, a happily married man by all appearances, he'd lived as a bachelor since he'd gone after Sirius Black, and he wore his wedding ring next to the cross hanging around his neck. "By the way, my legal wife says you can't be my work wife anymore," said Kingsley conversationally, smiling when Gawain snorted coffee up his nose. Gawain set his thermos aside, coughing and spluttering. "You're divorcing me, too? Nice!" Kaspar had slept in Kingsley's guest room in his expensive flat in the middle of the city. Along with the child support payments, he'd been splitting the rent with Kingsley, too. He'd had no idea how Kingsley had managed to get the monthly house payments to his Muggle landlady. Of course, this now made him a homeless, single man. It was an unforeseen problem, but the arrangement had been a temporary fix. "Got a daughter. That's her bedroom. You can sleep on the couch," said Kingsley. Kaspar shrugged, taking anything he could get as long as he still had houseroom. The couch was comfy. Kingsley finished his food and wiped his hands on a napkin before tossing his trash into a bag. He clapped his hands together, ready to get down to business. "Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute." Kaspar waved a half-eaten sandwich in the air. He had grievances to clear up before they moved on. "You sacked me? Look, you privileged rich boy ..." "Minister," supplied Gawain, getting heavily to his feet. "Yeah, whatever, he's not said the words." Kaspar turned to Kingsley, who shrugged this off as inconsequential. He mentioned that he'd met with members of the reformed Cabinet and got sworn in secretly at dawn. The whole thing stayed under wraps. Kaspar stepped back, taken aback by this news. "Seriously? I'm sorry." "Oh, no, please continue. You called me a privileged rich boy." Kingsley parked his behind on the Magic is Might statue and gave Kaspar his undivided attention. Gawain called them both idiots. "Going to be Minister for Magic. You could've led with that," grumbled Kaspar. He collected all the trash in the bag and tossed it in the wastebasket. He flipped Gawain off when the older man added he acted like an aggrieved housewife. Kingsley tapped his watch, telling them he was a busy man pressed for time. This jarred Kaspar's memory. "Sacking your flatmate? That's like telling a horse to run a race after cutting the poor beast's legs off! Your place? It ain't cheap. Kingsley, we're mates." "Best mates," he said. "Yeah, yeah. What're you doing to me?" Kaspar got around to demanding answers. Kaspar stamped his foot when Gawain started laughing. He hated single people; he envied them, really. Gawain, an officer, a dedicated no nonsense, Auror, had never married for a handful of reasons. Despite the fact that he was now a single man, Kaspar had responsibilities as a father. What was Kingsley playing at? Taking an executive order and yanking the department right from under them proved a dangerous move. Kingsley, raising his voice, threw out a name as a traitor. Gawain nodded, standing his ground. "What? Who is that woman?" Kaspar's anger evaporated like a popped balloon. He usually went by the Aurors assigned nicknames, especially the newer ones. They had this woman in custody, yet Kaspar couldn't remember her name for the life of him. Never mind that Kingsley had just said it. Kaspar, in his frustration, hadn't heard a thing, and the name of an unfaithful Auror meant nothing to him. Surprised at the security breach, he faltered. "Eyepatch?" "That's the one," said Gawain sadly, looking for some trinket in his robes, "and I trained her personally. Imagine how I felt when I realized she'd been feeding information to the other side all this time." "She wasn't Imperiused?" Kaspar paced the Atrium because he felt better moving. Gawain shook his head, revealing Eyepatch had leaked his, Kaspar's name, to Delores Umbridge. Kaspar bit his lip, trying and failing to piece all of this together. "But she wasn't a Death Eater?" "Not all of them were," said Kingsley. Delores Umbridge had tried to save her skin, yet she was no Death Eater. "Gawain killed her yesterday. Eyepatch." Kaspar reached over and shook Gawain's hand. A paper pusher and a stickler to the rules, Gawain sat behind a desk a lot, but he played the role of the fierce warrior whenever push came to shove. He was a fighter when they backed him up against the wall. Kaspar had witnessed Gawain dueling three wizards at once. There hadn't been a new recruit taken on since Nymphadora Tonks; the others who had joined on with her fell by the wayside. Granted, it was a demonstration for new recruits, yet it stood out in Kaspar's mind as one of the coolest things he'd ever seen. "Who wants head of department?" Kingsley threw this out casually like he'd asked one of them to carve the turkey at Christmas dinner. "That's Gawain," said Kaspar automatically. Gawain had been head of the department after Rufus Scrimgeour became Minister for Magic. "He doesn't want it." Gawain passed the torch without a moment of hesitation. "What're you doing, man? Power like that? You get to build the department from the ground up." Kaspar shied away from the responsibility because this would sap the life out of him. "Been there, done that." Gawain wasn't going to be swayed. He didn't want to be retired; he simply wished to be an officer again. "Why?" asked Kaspar shrewdly, wary before he got caught in a trap. Kingsley passed a hand over his face, saying they wasted his time. He possessed a finite amount of time here. He needed to figure stuff out and set things in motion. "Well, park your butt on the floor then, Minister, and hash things out because we're not done here. Not by a long shot." "You two are going to have to learn to speak to each other differently," said Gawain mildly. "Hey, you don't tell me how to speak to my work wife, thank you very much!" Kaspar and Kingsley shared a laugh. Gawain said they were idiots again. Swallowing his pride, knowing he'd regret this later, Kaspar, grumbling, sat down with Kingsley on the polished floor. He was no civilian. Kaspar couldn't very well turn his back on the government and pretend this wasn't everyone's problem. He was an Auror, an enlisted officer of the elite. A Lieutenant-Colonel. "What do you need?" "A list of candidates for head of department." Kingsley sounded a little frustrated. He had to take an unforeseen step back. "You've got one." Kaspar read over Kingsley's shoulder, took the quill out of his hand, and crossed this off the to-do list. Grinning, Kaspar jotted down his name, his rank, and his badge number to drive the point him, and Kingsley took this as good enough. Kaspar handed the quill back. "I need people to lead. Speaking of which, Mr. Clean Slate, what're are you going to doing when you reinstate officers and bring them back into