Kingsley sat in the middle of the floor in the headmistress's office, Indian-style. As this was one of the few places not destroyed by the Battle of Hogwarts, he retreated here because he needed someplace to think. There had to be a game plan in place after the chaos lifted. After Harry Potter went off to bed in his dormitory, Kingsley escaped here with a legal pad and rolls of parchment scattered around him. Death surrounded him. He tried not to think of the losses, though this proved an impossible task, so he focused on drafting a floor plan from the ground up. As Fred Weasley's face swam into his mind, he recalled the Weasley twins joking about his bid for Minister for Magic. A joke was simply a joke, right? Words meant nothing, absolutely nothing, until someone placed meaning behind them. Kingsley jotted down a quick list without thinking; he emptied his brain. If he analyzed this to death, he'd never get it down onto parchment or paper. The headmistress left him alone and went to put out small fires. Returning every so often, Minerva McGonagall asked if he needed anything, and he gave the same answer. No, he was fine. Kingsley got up and paced the office, stretching his legs and sometimes talking to himself. Well into the evening, past the wee hours, she let him stay there. She came back around eight-thirty, stepped away to take a shower, and sat behind her desk. Kingsley felt her watching him when he set aside a roll of parchment scribbled with notes. The final draft, or a draft in the works, got transferred into the legal pad. "I am not a crazy man." "Nobody said you were," she said. "I talk to myself," he said apologetically, scratching his chin with a quill. "That's all right." When he offered to leave for either the third or fourth time, Professor McGonagall glared at him and gave him a look he hadn't received in years. Kingsley ripped a sheet off the legal pad and tossed it into the fire. The more he scribbled, the more this joke started to sound like the beginnings of an idea. A house-elf came in and set tea and sandwiches on the floor next to him. Kingsley stopped and reached for one of them. He didn't notice darkness had fallen. "The government has to survive this," he said, stretching his legs because he'd been locked in the same position for hours. The eyes of the portraits of headmasters and headmistresses in the walls followed him. None of them said a word. It took a minute for Kingsley to realize they might think he shared a private conversation with one. He pointed his wand at the dying fire, and flames ignited in the grate, startling Minerva. he wondered if she'd even listened to his musings and nothings. "There has to be something left to save, or else there's no point. What's the point?" Minerva placed a hand on her forehead. "You're brilliant." "I am?" This sounded odd to him, so Kingsley started pacing in a circle and retreated back into his head. Brilliance scared him, although he was no stranger to failure. His father, a wealthy man who spent his money and his free time on alchemical pursuits, lived by a handful of sayings. Whether they were of his own invention and drawn from his own personal experiences, Kingsley did not know. Hadn't he failed with Sirius? If Sirius hadn't gone off to the Department of Mysteries two summers ago, he would've walked away a free man. "Or he could've gotten hit by the Knight Bus," said Kingsley, rubbing his tired eyes. He smiled to himself, and Minerva, picking up on the fact that he wasn't speaking to her again, wrote something down. "There are things within our control and things that are not, but we have a hand in most of it." Minerva dipped her quill in an ink bottle and left it there. "Are you talking to me again?" She took off her spectacles, set them aside, and considered him. Kingsley doubted she could see him. Kingsley nodded, second guessed this move, and said yes. She actually smiled. "Kingsley, would a man die of starvation or thirst first?" Thinking perhaps she was pulling a Professor Dumbledore here, Kingsley studied the portrait of the old man behind her. Dumbledore was sleeping. "Starvation," he answered automatically, placing his hands behind his back and falling into a military stance. "Why?" Minerva's eyebrows knitted together when Kingsley smiled at her, for she knew why. "Pretend I'm stupid." "There is water in food," he said, shrugging. He could give the really in-depth answer here, since she'd asked, but he spared her the details. "Find water, and food will eventually come. You'd have to work at it, of course, but it's simply laying the groundwork and going from there." "What?" She'd pretended to zone out for a moment and cupped a hand around her ear. Kingsley bowed his head, playing his last words back through his mind. Minerva picked a piece of rumble off the ground and tossed it into the air. Kingsley caught it. "Thank you, Professor McGonagall," he said softly, slipping the chunk of whatever was into his pocket. When he reached the door, he turned around to face her again. The Head's Office had sealed itself against most of the damage during the battle. "You could've said something." "I'm a teacher, Mr. Shacklebolt," she said, raising her wand and drawing a chair. It landed on the floor. "I wouldn't want to be doing you a disservice. Talk to me." Kingsley, who felt stupid that he hadn't thought of that move, sat down after he picked up his things off the floor. He back had started ached and his left foot tickled because it had fallen asleep. "Where do I start?" He searched for the place where he'd stopped. A lot of his notes made no sense whatsoever. "At the beginning," she suggested. She rested her chin on her hand. "Jump in any time, Albus. unless you want him to drown." "Hey," said Kingsley, looking up at Professor Dumbledore. The professor opened his eyes and returned Kingsley's smile. "Hello, Kingsley," said Professor Dumbledore, drumming his fingers on his chair. "The trick to building a foundation is finding the foundation first. What do you want?" Kingsley shut up again, hating their cryptic answers at this point. He'd been thinking alone for hours and hours, whilst these Heads held their tongues. He didn't look for the answers in his notes. "It's not that simple." "You mentioned control. Make it simple." Professor Dumbledore waited for this to set in, and when this did nothing for Kingsley, he threw the same question back at him, raising his voice, speaking slower. "What do you want? What do you want?" "It's not …" Kingsley flipped through his brainstorming mess so fast he saw nothing there. He cleared his throat and swallowed his pathetic excuse. "I want structure, security, and stability. I want peace." "All right." Professor Dumbledore nodded, accepting the answer. "Which comes first?" "Security," said Kingsley, nodding, believing his words for the first time. He couldn't pretend that he hadn't considered this idea whenever Fred Weasley had planted the seed in his head. Really, he couldn't recall at this point whether it was Fred, or his twin brother, or Lee Jordan at this point, but what did it matter? Turning to a fresh page, he placed the legal pad on his knee, dripped his quill in an ink bottle, and started writing again. He underlined the heading and jotted down three names: Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and Neville Longbottom. "Harry's not coming back to school," said Kingsley. "He's mine." "Mr. Weasley will be so disappointed," said Minerva, placing her things in a drawer and locking it with a tap of her wand. "Oh, I'm taking him, too. Mr. Potter needs his ginger sidekick." Kingsley jotted down some more stuff before he got to his feet again. Minerva scoffed. "And Neville. I want Neville." "He's finished with school," she said, cleaning her spectacles. "Right. Don't imagine I'd have to fight Augusta Longbottom for him, do you? Frank trained me, after all, and I like having a Longbottom along for the ride." Kingsley strode over and shook her hand after he tossed the rolls of parchment in the flames. "Let me know if you need anything." "Of course." Crossing her fingers, Minerva said nothing else until he reached the door. "I might actually like the government for once." "Don't get your hopes up!" Kingsley winked at her. "Good meeting." "Kingsley?" "Yes, Professor?" "A wise man once said every human life is worth the same, and worth saving*." Minerva quoted him verbatim off the Potterwatch program. He felt flattered and confused at the same time, for he hadn't known that she'd listened in. He opened his mouth to say something, though Kingsley had no idea what, and she said, smiling, "and I'd like to add everyone is worth dragging back into the light." Kingsley, not really knowing what to say here, simply turning the doorknob. She didn't call after him until he started down the spiral staircase. "Not a meeting, Mr. Shacklebolt." Three days later, Kingsley stood in the Atrium and took it all in for a moment. Except for the grotesque sight that replaced the Fountain of Magical Brethren, it looked the same. Already resigned to the fact that this was going to be the longest summer of his life, Kingsley stuck his hands in his trouser pockets and continued on his way, whistling a random tune. He'd returned from having lunch with the Minister of Muggles, the Prime Minister, and he had reason to believe the fellow really liked him. Kingsley hadn't taken out his wand and started performing magic tricks for one thing, and he'd given the man ample time to say whatever he needed. He'd complained that he hadn't met Kingsley's predecessor, and Kingsley assured him for all intents and purposes, unless he really wanted to meet Lord Voldemort's marionette, this really was of no consequence. Voldemort might've killed the Minister of Muggles for the hell of it. Frankly, and Kingsley kept this last bit to himself, he was surprised Lord Voldemort hadn't played that card. He met the boys at the Fountain of Magical Brethren. Kingsley corrected himself, for they were young men now, and they'd certainly seen more than he'd imagined at their age. Kingsley had only been in regular contact with Neville during the war, and this was rare, usually through encrypted owls, since Kingsley had been on the run. He'd accidentally made himself a marked man by saying Lord Voldemort's name. "So Kingsley," said Ron, practically dancing on the balls of his feet in anticipation. "What're we doing today?" "Well, usually there's an initiation process," piped up Neville, bringing up the rear. Kingsley nodded, a little surprised that he'd heard about the hazing within the Auror Department. As he was the son of Frank and Alice Longbottom, Kingsley supposed this wasn't much of a stretch because Neville's grandmother liked to brag about her son. To hear Augusta Longbottom say it, Frank was a gift from God. Hours before, Kingsley had been sworn in as the acting Minister for Magic. He didn't hold the office in an official capacity, but as Mr. Pius Thicknesse was "unable to hold the office", he shouldered the responsibility. Kingsley had said the words, reciting them after Tiberius Ogden, not realizing that he'd have to say them again if and when he actually became Minister for Magic. "How's the Prime Minister?" asked Harry. "Did he freak out when a wizard showed up in his office?" "He is fine," said Kingsley, smiling, "and he does not freak out in front of me. He did seem to think it was odd that his former secretary ended up as Minister for Magic. But I told him I know my letters