Frank Longbottom kept his head down at work and got buried in paperwork that led him to nowhere. He did this on purpose. Any end could be a proper dead end if a man took care to cover his tracks. Had he done something wrong last Friday afternoon? No, not really. Well, he couldn't remember, and his wife hadn't spoken to him for the entire weekend. So, yes, chances were he'd done something really, really stupid. Other than messing up, and messing up royally, he could not recall what he had done to earn this silent treatment. He wanted to know why. Frank needn't fix the problem. Well, he did, but Frank would get to this after Alice broke down and said it. At thirteen hundred sharp, Frank marked his spot in his tedious encyclopedic reading material and decided it was high time Alice got to the point. He cornered her in her cubicle. While he wore wrinkled clothes and looked like hell, she'd bothered with pinning up her blonde hair and pretending like a mandatory sixty-hour work week wasn't killing her after six months. She sat clear across Auror Headquarters, so Frank had plenty of time to pull out of a decision as this would mostly likely land him on the couch. "What're you doing?" Frank leaned over the cubicle wall. "Trying to figure out the best way to lie to Rufus Scrimgeour without actually lying to him," said Alice, scratching stuff out with a quill. Frank laughed quietly, admiring how this woman played the game. Alice always colored within the lines, though she made the picture her own. He scratched his chin. "So, you're aiming to lie without getting caught?" "Not a lie if you if you don't get caught, is it?" Alice set her messy draft next to two identical documents; Frank guessed one of these was a forgery. Frank edged into the work station and checked out her flawless work. A Copying Charm, the Germinio Charm, didn't always cut it. "You sound like Mad-Eye," he said softly, resting his hand on her shoulder. As this might actually pass as an actual conversation, he treaded carefully. What good would it be if he covered up something stupid by saying something stupid? After fifteen years of marriage and seventeen years of being with this woman, he'd learned all sorts of things. Alice concentrated on her final touches and cast a Waterproof Shield on her forged document. The right one. She tested it by pouring a cup of tea over it. Frank, taken aback by this at first, had moved his hand to stop her, but he caught on because Alice always double checked her work and covered her tracks. Frank, a senior Auror, a Major, often forgot this step, and he siphoned the liquid off with a casual flick of his wand. He separated the fake document from the original one. "That's skill. You're dangerous." Alice gave him a small smile and slipped the original back into a folder. She tapped it with wand and it disappeared. She stood up, and he stole her swivel chair; Frank kicked away from the desk and spun in circles. He usually made himself home in other peoples' work stations because he rarely stayed at Auror Headquarters. He missed work as a field agent, too. "Oh, Francis, how you underestimate me," she said, kicking off her flats and exchanging these for some black heels. Apart from his mother, Alice was the only other person allowed to address him by his given name. She pulled open a cupboard and placed her shoes in here. She checked her watch, cursing as she chucked her Styrofoam cup in the wastebasket, and dashed out of the cubicle. "Are you coming?" "Yeah, actually I was gonna to grab a bite." Rolling his eyes, Frank Summoned his sorry brown bag lunch and picked up the pace. When they reached the Annex, the research and training station, Alice placed her wand on the brass scales. They rattled and denied her access. Frank raised his eyebrows. "What's that mean?" Alice cursed, pacing in a small circle. A few minutes later, the barrier opened, and Mad-Eye stood there glaring at them. Tapping his new prototype wooden prosthetic impatiently, he tapped the face of his own watch. He fixed his beady eyes on Alice. "What's the difference between thirteen hundred and thirteen hundred, eleven?" The Aurors lived by international time. The Muggles knew this by military time. "Eleven minutes?" Alice shrugged. She gave no excuse because it did no good, especially with Mad-Eye. She relied of haggling. "I'm a fool? I'll do your reports all week? It's Monday, so this frees your timetable. And by all week, what I really meant was two weeks." Alice bit her lip, waiting. When Mad-Eye shrugged his shoulders and stepped aside, leaning heavily on the new foot, she smiled nervously. "So, this never happened? We're good?" Alice knew she toed the line, so she and Frank followed him inside. The invisible barrier to the Annex sealed itself. "You. Get up here." Mad-Eye shoved her forwards. A candidate, a recruit, held a black box with medals and ornaments. Frank couldn't see the trinkets, yet he'd been through this ritual over and over because he'd climbed through the ranks. He hadn't known Alice was up for promotion. "Ma'am." The candidate, a first year recruit, bowed to Alice. Alice was the only woman among the ranks in the last seven years, and she stood as an equal to any man. Alice nodded, standing up straighter. Her arms fell to her sides. Mad-Eye made the pomp and circumstance sound like "blah, blah, blah", and although Frank noticed he cut it short, he wasn't sure anyone else did. This was an officer's moment to shine. The head of the Auror Department, Robards, stood up to do the honors, but Mad-Eye waved him down and added the medals and ribbons to Alice's already impressive collection. "They ought to do this differently for a female officer," suggested Alice, making the candidate smile. "Woman, I will stab you with this pin," growled Mad-Eye. Alice shut up. He turned her towards her peers, wrapping up the ribbons ceremony. "Lieutenant Alice Colleen Longbottom." He let her go. Frank realized why she couldn't get into the Annex. Technically, whenever an officer changed ranks, he or she temporarily held no position. The cool female voice securing the Annex reeled off an officer's rank. Mad-Eye and Alice saluted each other. Careful not to step on anyone's toes, she strode over and saluted Robards, too, for some senior officers got touchy over the tiniest gestures. Frank bet his lunch Robards was one of these people. Frank dug into his lunch the moment Alice and Mad-Eye followed him outside the Annex and back the other way. "A Major and a Lieutenant," said Mad-Eye, grimacing. This sometimes passed for a smile. He clapped a hand on Alice's shoulder and complained about the leg. Without waiting to go through the usual spiel of Mad-Eye saying he didn't need nor want any help, Frank skipped to the end and knelt to fix the problem. As with any new prosthetic, it took time to get used to a new limb, and although Mad-Eye insisted he knew this, he was about as stubborn as they came, and he didn't really listen to the Healers. Months ago, his leg had been cursed off during a pursuit on foot in Glasgow. "You can't run," said Frank, pointing this out for the umpteenth time. He'd get the actual limb in due time; Mad-Eye needed to pace himself. "I know that," he said. "Well, since you know so much, sir, I insist you follow orders if you don't want this thing to get infected again." Frank unstrapped the prosthetic and showed no surprise of the infection underneath. There was blood snd pus in the wound; Mad-Eye hopped over to Frank's desk and collapsed in his chair. "Alice, can you get me the wound kit?" Alice had dashed out of the heavy doors. "Never mind, love, I've got it," muttered Frank, a little annoyed with her. There weren't many people, especially officers, willing to give Mad-Eye Moody a hand because he had a well-deserved reputation of being an ass. He took out his handkerchief and pressed it to Mad-Eye's wound. After gathering his supplies, Frank warned him this might burn. There was no question; this would burn like hell. After Frank stepped away to wash his hands and pulled on some latex gloves, he set down kitchen towel to cover the floor and poured hydrogen peroxide over the infected mess; brown streaks leaked out. "I'm not your matron," said Frank. He packed the wound with quick fingers and cleared up his mess with a wave of his wand. The wastebasket swallowed it. These meetings were becoming too familiar. Nonetheless, Frank attached the leg and gave Mad-Eye a vial of Ambrosial Antibiotics he kept in his secret stash. "You need to start taking care of yourself." If Frank had told Mad-Eye to head to St. Mungo to get some more antibiotics, he knew it would fall to deaf ears, so he didn't bother. Unless Mad-Eye took all the dosages, he wouldn't truly clear away the nastiness. As he stepped away to make tea, Frank took it upon himself to harp on this man about his healing habits. He'd lost his appetite and chucked his lunch in the wastebasket. "Here." He handed Mad-Eye one of the chipped teacups. "You're an idiot." "I'm a Brigadier, Major, so mind your tone." Mad-Eye, who had received promotions faster than Frank, and was older than him, pulled rank on him. Frank shrugged this off, for Mad-Eye barked a lot. "You're an idiot." "You're welcome?" Frank raised his eyebrows. "Well, at least Alice officially comes into her retirement today," said Mad-Eye, sitting back in the chair and sipping his tea. He let go of his anger and relaxed a little. Aurors earned retirement after fifteen years of loyal service. "That ought to make things more comfortable, eh? And the bonus." "Why?" Frank frowned at him. Alice had always struggled with her diets; she had an off-on relationship with those things, and Frank doubted whether she'd make it through annual physicals this year. They came round in mid-March, and this was mere weeks away. "What's your diet?" "Oh, she can't do that," said Mad-Eye. Frank didn't get it. Mad-Eye had insisted Alice Longbottom matched any male officer, yet he protected her at the strangest times. Frank pressed him, "Mad-Eye, this is Alice. We always fly through physicals, and she can take it. Alice is Alice." "I refer you back to the idiotic statement," said Mad-Eye, passing a gnarled hand over his scarred face. Mad-Eye acted like he waited for something to set in, though Frank felt like he missed a punchline to some joke. "You really don't know?" Frank tired of the ambiguous answers. "Know what?" Mad-Eye muttered about undercover assignments. "I suppose this means we'll have to make changes to the schedule because you'd rather act as her husband. I pass that on to Greg Robards because his son wasn't a good match, anyway." Alice came back with a half-eaten sandwich in her hand. "What're we talking about?" "Reassignment." Mad-Eye finished his tea and waved her inside. It was a tight fit with three people in a work station. Alice, completely at her ease, went back to her sandwich. "She's pregnant, fool." Frank spilled his tea down his front. He caught the teacup before it shattered. Alice stood there licking mayonnaise off her finger. They'd tried for years, and Healer after Healer had insisted the chances of them having children were damn near impossible. It simply wasn't in the cards. They'd tried experimental fertility treatments; one of these had temporarily ruined her eyesight. Alice didn't cry nor get weepy, which is why Frank liked her, and she buried secrets. After the eyesight side effect fiasco, they'd stopped altogether.