"Ricochet" She stepped on the fat Siamese cat's tail. This was her first mistake as her very first day as a housemaid at 10 Downing Street. Kingsley saw it dart for safety as he shuffled through papers and organized them. He considered this Patti's second mistake, really, but who was counting? The sides of his mouth twitched. She was an attractive black woman who was wore a white apron over a knee-length black dress and simple heels. It could of happened to anyone, honestly, yet this made his day. She looked strangely familiar; he saw something in her eyes. He liked organization; every little thing had its place, so whilst this put his bored mind on pause as he sat at the front desk, Kingsley found he didn't mind it. Last June, when the Minister of the Muggles had learned the truth from Rufus Scrimgeour, Kingsley's cover was out in the open. Upon learning he had a wizard as part of his security detail, the Minister of the Muggles had insisted Kingsley carry a firearm. Thinking he though to draft Scrimgeour an owl thanking him for putting him in awkward position, Kingsley pulled the shaky man aside, his charge, and explained why this wasn't necessary. An ordinary man, a secretary, couldn't carry a gun on government premises. He didn't have a permit, for one thing, and Kingsley didn't feel that comfortable using it. Again, the Minister of Muggles. heard not a word. Yes, Kingsley understood Muggle laws; whenever he took on a role, he become that person. What self respecting man could protect himself with a drumstick? The Minister of Muggles followed this logic. Hadn't Scrimgeour performed magic in front of this man? Perhaps it had been simple stuff because he was certainly afraid of magic. Maybe he thought Mr. Fudge and Mr. Scrimgeour were people who had performed parlor tricks. Muggles called these everyday people magicians. He'd been washing his hands in the restroom when the Minister of Muggles walked in, his eyes darting everywhere, and closed the door. Although he kept his hand on the door handle, Kingsley noticed he did not lock it. Mentally crossing this one off his list, Kingsley added this as an awkward work encounter, and he reminded himself to share it with Remus Lupin. "Shacklebolt," he'd said, rethinking this private meeting. "Sir." What else was he supposed to do? Was he to pretend the politician wasn't there? The other stalls were empty. Kingsley placed his hand under the soap dispenser, lathered up, and washed his hands like some practiced surgeon to kill time. Fighting an urge to roll his eyes, Kingsley realized this was taking too long. He disliked the pregnant pause. Should he wash his hands again or escape into the stall again to make this a little less awkward for the pair of them? As he stood there debating this, Kingsley decided he didn't like Rufus Scrimgeour. As it was flu season, he opted to wash his hands again after he tossed the paper towel in the bin. He admitted the automatic motion hand detector thing was pretty cool. He'd played with it on his first day on the job, and he'd wasted a quick lunch examining it. (He'd pretended to have a bug, so staff members steered clear of the restroom for a while.) Arthur Weasley would have had a field day with his Muggle contraption. "I know what you are." The Minister of Muggles hesitated, doubting whether he really wanted to have this chat. Kingsley caught his reflection in the large bathroom mirror. There was another pause. The Minister of Muggles spoke with the air of admitting something unpleasant. "I met, er, Mr. Fudge and Mr. Scrimgeour last night. Actually, it was this morning. Who schedules an unannounced midnight meeting?" Kingsley took the point, but he remained silent. He snatched a bit of paper towel out of the motion detector thing, sadly realizing this would be the highlight of his day, dried his hands, and threw the paper towel away. The Minister of Muggles walked over, reaching inside his jacket, and placed the firearm on the pristine countertop. The bathroom had just bern cleaned and the place smelled lemony fresh. "For your protection." The Minister of Muggles probably thought he needed to explain because Kingsley didn't move a muscle. His confidence waned and his face fell. "You shoot it. You do know how to hit a moving target?" Kingsley, smiling slightly, checked the magazine. After sliding the clip back in place, handling the gun with a deft hand, he reached in his trouser pocket and tossed change into the air. There were loud bangs in the closed space as he released the trigger thrice; the sound ricocheted off the walls. He hit the targets in air and picked the damaged pocket money off the floor before placing it in the shocked man's hand. "You're better than Mr. Glenn." Impressed, the Minister of Muggles slid the coins into his trouser pocket. Kingsley placed the gun, sliding it into its locked position, back on the counter. The Minister of Muggles offered him a position on the spot. "You want to join my security detail, Mr. Shacklebolt?" Kingsley turned to face him, his voice calm and measured. He found this downright funny. "Sir, I am your security detail." "Right." He cleared his throat. "What do you do in the, er, magical community?" "Good question. Come with me." Kingsley strode over to the door because they were certainly spending too much time in the public restroom. When he opened the door, the Minister of Muggles pocketed the gun in a hurry and an overweight man walked inside. They stepped out into the corridor together. As it was close to lunchtime, Kingsley walked the Minister of Muggles into his office. Patti, the housemaid, had bought up a laden tray and dropped something when she saw Kingsley. Kingsley, realizing too late he should have walked into the office after the Minister of Muggles, rushed over to gather the silverware. She wore red lipstick and smelled of lavender, which triggered a fleeting memory. It was gone as fast as it came. "Thank you. Minister," she said, straightening up and backing out of the room. She was a young thing in her early-thirties. Patti closed the door. "She likes you," said the Minister of Muggles. He was a bachelor. "She's not married. Ah, she spilled coffee on the Axminister. That's a shame!" "Not to worry." Kingsley turned away from the door and waved his wand over the mess. The spill disappeared. He swore the ugly portrait of Ulick Gamp winked at him whilst cleaning out his ear with an end of a quill. A moment later, Gamp vanished, and the portrait was simply a blank canvas. He appeared to have walked out of it. Kingsley took his regular stance and waited for the Minister of Muggles to offer him a seat. He thought he had been called in here because of the gold earring. They had had the firearm discussion before. "Sit down." The Minister of Muggles divided his lunch, a large turkey sandwich and a plain salad, and waved at the chair opposite his handsome desk. He left the crisps unopened and poured a couple drinks from his decanter. Kingsley sat. "I'm fine, Minister, thank you." "You're much more polite than Fudge," he noted, handing him a drink and walking around his desk to take his seat. He waved at the food, telling Kingsley to tuck in. He went for the crisps first. "Martha always prepares to much, anyway, and I'm diabetic." Kingsley had no idea what the last part meant, though he bet it was a health condition. Not wanting to appear stupid in front of the man, he decided to look it up later. The Siamese cat, who had been hiding, came out from under the desk. "Hey, Milo. What're you doing here?" The Minister of Muggles grinned when his fat cat jumped lithely onto the windowsill and patrolled his new territory, his chocolate-colored tail in the air. "He's supposed to be in the residence. Don't tell anyone." "Of course not." Kingsley thought the housemaid would find out about the furry friend sooner or later. He wiped his mouth with a napkin and sighed when the Minister of Muggles offered him the firearm for the third time. Kingsley took out his wand, and the Minister of Muggles flinched, so he put it away. "Minister, I am perfectly fine taking care of myself, thank you." "Take it. It'll make me feel better. You don't have to use it," he added hastily, seeing Kingsley's set expression. He finally relaxed when Kingsley slid it inside his jacket. He took a large bite of his sandwich. "So, what dis you say you do?" "Military intelligence." Kingsley pulled the answer out of nowhere, for this was the closest he felt getting to the truth on such short notice. The Minister of Muggles wanted a better answer. Kingsley polished off his sandwich and dropped all pretenses. "I catch Dark wizards." "Oh, well," said the Minister of Muggles, trying to pull this off like it was nothing, knocked over the crisps and bent to pick them up. "That's ... that's something. Ever killed anyone?" "Yes," said Kingsley, matter-of-factly. He did not elaborate. He jumped to his feet when he heard a loud bang outside. There was a flash of light. The Minister of Muggles got to his feet, too. Kingsley, taking out his wand, heard a loud crack, and checked the large window, shoving George out off the way. After she arched her back, a woman laid on the pavement. He held up a hand, stopping his charge. "You stay." Kingsley locked the Minister of Muggles inside his own office with a tap of his wand before he dashed outside. Feeling stupid, doing this simply for appearances, he held the gun aloft and clicked a bullet into the chamber, although he pocketed it immediately it when there was another loud crack. Someone had Disapparated. An officer stood off to the side, his arm extended. This, Kingsley guessed, must be Mr. Glenn. A few feet away a housemaid laid motionless on the ground. There was no blood. Mr. Glenn, muttering that he had definitely seen something strange, finally lowered his gun. Kingsley, dropping to his feet, reminding himself not to use his wand, started compressions on the young woman. "I ... I shot her. She came out of nowhere." The color drained from Mr. Glenn's face. "Call an ambulance!" Kingsley shouted at him. "Go!" He started compressions as Glenn rushed back inside. When he went to give her air, Kingsley tensed a little. There was something hard under her dress. Yes, he thought as he tasted her lips, this woman was definitely making a move. Patti wrapped her arms around his neck as he started lifting her in his arms. She kissed with tongue. This, too, felt familiar. He tried to pull away, and part of him wanted to, but he let her take the lead as they went around the corner. This felt fantastic. As he set her down on the ground, he remembered this goodbye kiss. She'd picked up right where they'd left off three years ago to the day. They broke apart. "Patricia." She smiled at him, tucking a loose strand of dark hair behind her ear. "Hello, Kingsley." After setting her back on the ground, Kingsley followed her back inside, not really sure what to say. The last time he'd heard she'd taken yet another assignment in New York. Three years ago, standing in the middle of a bustling train station, she'd handed him his ring back. After calling off their six year engagement, she'd kissed him goodbye and left the country. She looked different. For the second time that day, Kingsley found himself in a private room with a stranger. She cast a Silencing Charm. She'd taken him into a guest bedroom in the residence and dusted