"Acting Minister" Nothing stays the same. Kingsley remembered a good night's sleep, although it stood out as a distant memory. Did power really need to reside with those who did not ask for it? If this was the case, for this is what people said, he was in for a load of hurt because he had no idea, absolutely no idea, how to play this game. He placed his arm behind his neck and laid there thinking about a million things in the middle of the night. What idiot volunteered to clean up a mess? Housemaids did this. They picked up a mop, wrung it out, dipped it in soapy water, and went to town. Eventually, in låike twenty minutes or so, the floor dried, and life got back to normal. An officer, a decorated Auror, had no business standing in political office, and part of him, the part apparently thriving off insomnia, understood this all too well. Hadn't Rufus Scrimgeour tried that? Security, naturally, would occur to an Auror first, and frankly, he really did need to clean house. A woman lay beside him in bed. He'd married as a political move, or the papers, especially the tabloids, would read it this way. Never mind that he'd married a white woman, a pretty one with a brain and wealth. Despite the fact that they'd been engaged before the First Wizarding War once upon a time, a long, long time ago, it hardly mattered to the vultures. Rita Skeeter, for one, would lap this story up like a thirsty dog. People lived for a good scandal. iWell/i, he though dully, iat least the race issue would be put to bed/i. Drowsy and delirious, Kingsley sighed as Patti woke up beside him when he turned on the light on the bedside table. She was a light sleeper and woke up at the slightest sound. Before he rectified his mistake and extinguished the candle, Patti climbed on top of him, barely awake, and they made love. Kingsley turned his head, wondering if an Auror standing sentry outside the door heard them. A moan escaped him. When she finished, Patti collapsed on top of him, leaving her dressing gown open, and snuggled next to him. If she'd not left him the first time, the romance in the relationship might've died a long time ago. "More of this, please," he said, kissing her on the forehead. She played with the ring on her finger, rubbing her thumb against the band. They'd been married less than twenty-four hours. This was day one. Whilst the magical community had given Kingsley a mere week to get his head on straight after the Battle of Hogwarts, he floundered round like a fish out of water. "They're going eat us alive," said Patti, resting her hand on his bare chest. An ex-Auror turned political strategist, Patti Strauss understood this intricate, never-ending game of chess almost too well. The alarm clock on the bedside table read three fifteen. Kingsley took a wide guess, reaching up to take his earring out and setting it on the bedside table. He forgot to take it out before going to bed all the time. "For the marriage?" "Oh, Kingsley, so pretty, so innocent," she said playfully, kissing him. Her face went blank. Patti picked up her wand and pointed it at the fireplace; flames erupted there. Even in the summertime, apparently, she enjoyed the comfort of the hearth, although the flames radiated no heat. Shadows danced on the walls. "No. You're at the mercy of the people, and the people have no idea what they're asking for. But they want it." This made him sense whatsoever. "And you do?" Kingsley closed his eyes when she hid under the covers and went for another go. He liked how she paired strategy with sex. He simply laid there, trying to solve the world's problems with zero experience. He'd never lived outside of the country, and the sheer weight of the mental to-do list made him cringe. His bride got crafty over their honeymoon, if whatever this was qualified as a honeymoon, but he needed a sounding board to bounce of his ideas. Even between yesterday's meetings, including the first of many funerals, she found time to unwind. He waited for her. "Patti, if you were Minister for Magic, what would you do first? I don't know." Patti climbed out of bed and slipped on one of Kingsley's dressing gowns. She opened the window, letting the cold air in. Known professionally as Patricia Strauss, this woman was magical in the political arena in the wizarding community. She wasn't a fixer, someone who made problems go away, but she lived by the idea that history repeated itself, and it was society's duty to live by this truth. A thinker, this woman probably strategized in her sleep. She'd helped elect President Elliot Whittler to office back in New York before she'd come back home a year ago. "What happens when President Whittler steals you away from me?" he asked. Patti stopped pacing. "There's something to be said when an English woman runs the American government." Kingsley waved his hand, for this didn't surprise him at all. "Have you met yourself? If he'd still been around, you'd make Cornelius Fudge heel. That's if he'd listen to you." And Kingsley had a strong inclination that Cornelius Fudge would've drowned in his false safety net. He'd had Delores Umbridge by his side a few years ago, a stupid move by all accounts, and she'd held no candle to Patricia Strauss. A false sense of security was dangerous. Kingsley, who knew nothing about nothing, knew this. He'd been wrong about Sirius Black. Although he'd rectified this mistake, that was on him until Kingsley headed to his grave. "I want a baby," she said. "You can't have any." Kingsley dismissed this idea automatically. She'd heard this from some Healer in the States, before she got a second opinion, and they'd accepted this. Although they had stopped talking after she broke off their six-year engagement to "discover her own person", they'd kept a correspondence through owls. At first, it had been difficult. He kept all of her letters in a wooden box. Even if they wanted to adopt, and Kingsley didn't want to, the world scrutinized them under a microscope. "He didn't say it was impossible," she said, repeating the advice she got from one of the Healers. She was in her mid-thirties, and Kingsley was nearing his fortieth birthday. In his opinion, it was damn near impossible. "Patricia," he sighed, rolling onto his side because he didn't want to have this conversation. They'd been down this road before. "You said you wanted a family." "That was ten years ago! Maybe if you would've stuck around," he said, accidentally sidestepping a minefield and deciding to leave it there. His first meeting wasn't until eight. A couple hours of sleep would probably do nothing, but at least he could shut his eyes. He dropped the subject. "Come to bed." Patti, apparently, did not. "What changed?" iYou weren't there/i, thought Kingsley, knowing better than to voice his opinion. He'd travelled to New York after she'd left. It took him a good while because he refused to grovel and make her come home, but he'd seen her pushing a pram on Fifth Avenue. She'd been with a man, a man who Kingsley later found out was simply a reporter. On instinct, Kingsley had pegged this man as her lover, perhaps even her husband, for he'd watched them from a distance and invented this story and walked away. Last year, he learned the truth, kicking himself for making this mistake. He, Kingsley, would've happily had four or five kids with Patti Strauss. That was then. "Patti, I don't want children," he said, tired of this conversation. When she frowned, he gave he an honest answer, his mind back on his timetable. He had to meet with the Minister of Muggles today, the Prime Minister, but he also had to attend his friends' funeral. Remus Lupin had been like a little brother to him, and Kingsley had worked alongside Nymphadora Tonks. "I get to bury my brother today and give my condolences to Andromeda Tonks. And then I have to break the news to Lyall Lupin, who is practically my second father. One day Remus's boy is going to come to me. That's my responsibility." "I'm escorting you," she said. Two officers always broke the news to the next of kin. Remus wasn't an Auror, and Andromeda, of course, already knew, yet Kingsley decided to extend this to Remus Lupin as a curtesy. "You're a political strategist." Kingsley politely pointed out, or so he hoped, that she hadn't been an Auror for over a decade. She'd never taken this duty. When she got back in bed, he decided to test what she knew about this protocol. "What do you do when you arrive at the house?" Patti fired back with the right question. "What was her rank?" Remus, obviously, didn't have one. "Captain," said Kingsley. "When you lay an officer to rest, and she was enlisted," said Patti speaking slowly, the most unsure Kingsley had ever seen her. He'd done this time and time again because sometimes it felt right to even volunteer. Especially if he was friends with the fallen, if he didn't break the news, he attended the funeral. Kingsley nodded, waiting for her to continue. Patti frowned. "You keep your distance, giving just the facts because you don't want to deviate from the plan. After that, we hand the kin of the personal effects, give the usual line about honor, dedication, and service before giving our condolences. Was old was she?" "Twenty-six," he said. "Damn, that's young. Too young. I really didn't want to know. Hate to break to you babe, but you're not going back to sleep." Kingsley rolled over and ignored her. Patti got up and went to take a shower, hanging the house robe on the hook on the bathroom door like she'd done this every day for years. They'd been in this house for no more than a few days. Kingsley had signed off on his flat, an expensive place in the heart of London, the moment she'd taken his engagement ring back. A stupid move, given she had left him at the train station the last time he'd popped the question, but he took her on faith. He waited weeks, six weeks, to tie the knot instead of six years. Progress. Kingsley closed his eyes and sighed when there was a knock on the door. It was better if he didn't know the hour. Kingsley took a moment to find some casual clothes buried in the cardboard boxes. As Minister of Magic, apparently morning started whenever it damned pleased. First plan? Once the dust settled and things got down to a somewhat sense of normalcy, he was taking his new house back. This place, his new prime real estate heart of London place, would not be an outpost of the Minister's office. A house deserved a shot at being a home. "Minister?" a voice called. "Yes?" Pulling on a grey undershirt and wrinkled slacks, Kingsley cleared his throat the second time whoever it was knocked. Too happy for the first thing in the morning, bright eyed and bushy haired, Penelope Clearwater opened the door. As the newly appointed press secretary, handed the position by someone he didn't even know like most of his new, intimate inner circle, she lived on coffee and the news of the day. Minister. Kingsley needed to get used to hearing that. At the moment, he sat on the edge of his bed and polished his shoes. Penelope, who Kingsley guessed was the second most important woman in his life now, given she doubled as press secretary and chief of staff at the moment, glanced around the bedroom. Kingsley, smiled, thinking she ought to get used to it.