They hit the ground running with what Remus Lupin quickly deemed as a "super secretly stolen shenanigan sessions". He claimed he liked the alliteration. Really, Kingsley thought, Remus enjoyed the expression on his, Kingsley's, face whenever he got tongue-tied. Yes, Remus was a grown man who sat up late at night crafting ways to get a laugh out of folks. He sort of sat in the the background, the brilliance behind the act, and watched things unfold. They had stolen the airwaves; this held true. They were thieves, yet they portrayed themselves as honest thieves among their tight knit group. At first, although he thankfully wasn't the financial backer behind this operation, Kingsley hadn't seen this working out well. He had been appointed the ringleader of their gang. Other than Remus and himself, the team included the Weasley twins, Lee Jordan, and Lee Jordan's mother. Patricia Jordan was a silent partner. She'd weaved this thing together and pulled the strings. Technically, she'd paid for the airwaves and forged the property rights. Kingsley understood he wasn't going to jail. The three younger ones in the group, Lee, Fred, and George, probably hadn't even considered this because it hadn't crossed their minds. They weren't stupid, of course. They were young, though. They lived in the present. Remus, who had taken a step back from participating in active missions with the Order, took on the role as the mediator and got things back on track. Kingsley, a patient man, had things to do and loved sticking to his mental timetable. This evening, they met in a forgotten shop outside of Tonks's parents' place. She was there. Patti Jordan, a thin, black woman, was also there. While she kept her mouth shut snd had no part in any of it, she attended the recording sessions. Kingsley had recently tied the knot with this woman. Despite the fact that she swung back and forth between her old and new surname, sometimes even going by her maiden name, he said nothing against it. It amazed him how she managed to keep her slew of identities straight. Patti used to be an Auror. This was, of course, before the accident, and she'd paid for her ex-husband's carelessness with her sight. She spent a lot of time counting in her head nowadays as she got used to her new surroundings. Kingsley had been with this woman for years because he'd been her faithful, longtime boyfriend waiting on the sidelines. She was a devout Catholic who hands down did not believe in divorce. Kingsley was Catholic enough to respect this. He'd waited patiently for nearly two decades to be with her. Kingsley and Patti were the last to arrive. They met at random locations and chose not to met at a scheduled time because it was harder for them to be tracked down. Although he was on the run for saying You-Know-Who's name, Kingsley still acted as top security for the Minister of the Muggles. After Mad-Eye fell, the Order chose him as their unofficial leader. He was a busy, busy man. Given the current state of them being in open wizarding warfare, everyone in the Order of the Phoenix operated in their nuclear groups. Kingsley kept ears out for everyone, a task he found extremely difficult given he never stayed in one place for more than a week, yet most of the pieces came together. Kingsley was no Mad-Eye Moody or Albus Dumbledore. Although Patti had lost her eyesight and a prominent career, he loved her no less for it. She felt bad when he acted more like her matron than her husband. Kingsley didn't care. He really didn't. Lee Jordan, a young man Kingsley had to consciously remember was his stepson, showed his mother no sympathy and treated her like a regular person. He liked the fact that she was an easier target to pick on. Blind people, especially blind, neurotic folks like his mother, were good for a laugh. Lee knew how to read the room, so he veered on the side of caution. "There's a step at the threshold," said Kingsley, offering her his arm. Patti guided herself with the walking stick. She'd been at this for less than a year, so the whole world was new to her. He'd say she saw it through new eyes, but she didn't. Remus loved that line. Patti, depending on the day, usually answered him with a small smile or a rude hand gesture. Lee opened the door, playing with some metal pieces in his hands. "Thank you." "No problem. Mum, why would Gran send me a letter asking you for a good lawyer?" Lee jumped into his problem without saying hello. Kingsley found this to be a common thing and went along with it. Lee held an owl in his hand. He didn't feel like reading it to his mother, for it was easier to cut the fat away and get to the point. "Gran? I thought that would be obvious. Diana is your father's mother. She wants me to desperately help him on an appeal." Patti patted Kingsley's arm and sighed when he deposited her into a chair. She heeded Kingsley's obvious objection here because he had time to string words together, pointing out the obvious flaws in this request. She spoke softly, squeezing her husband's hand. "It's not that simple." "What's not simple? Nathan performed Memory Charms on you until he permanently damaged you. He begged you to post bail." Kingsley waved to the others, trying not to appear rude despite his agitation. He didn't even know why they discussed her ex-husband anymore. "Patti, let him do what he wants. Don't help him. Why does it matter?" Lee dropped his metal junk in a box. "He's my father." "All right, I'm bowing out of this conversation," said Kingsley, holding up his hands in surrender. Nathan Jordan wasn't going to ruin Kingsley's first Christmas with his wife. Remus, reading a book off to the side, raised his eyebrows and appeared like he wanted to add his two Sickles in. "I don't even want to play this game today." "I've told you, dear. Nate was my husband for seventeen. That's half my life! You don't just walk away from that." Patti turned to face him, her expression blank. Kingsley could tell by her expression that Patti wasn't even sure if she looked at him straight on. She sounded offended, her voice a little shaky. "I am glad it's easy for you." "He's serving a sentence for committing domestic violence," said Tonks, taking Kingsley's side. Since this whole ordeal, she'd never once wavered on her stance. She used to idolize Patti, a decorated Auror in her own right. She tapped the wireless and fingered connections she knew nothing about before shuffling papers. They weren't doing a Christmas broadcast. Kingsley had sat through Queen Elizabeth's address on the Muggle wireless earlier this morning as he sipped coffee. Tonks considered Patti a friend and spoke plainly with her. She'd dropped the flattery as they became more familiar with each other. Although she probably shouldn't do it, she knelt in the dusty floor. "Patti, I love you, but I'm about to offend you. Get up, Dora." Remus dropped the book and walked over to help his wife off the floor. He placed a hand on Patti's shoulder. When she asked about the Weasley twins, Tonks said they were probably sleeping in before spending the holiday with the family at the Burrow. Remus, too, followed Tonks's example and took Kingsley's side on this. "I don't even know Nathan, and I don't want to know Nathan because I'd probably punch him in the face. You may feel sympathy for him, but you know better." "You've been married for less than a year." Patti held up a hand, annoyed when Kingsley pointed out the obvious yet again. They, too, had been married for a short time,. "This isn't about you. It is about Nate. Why can't you understand that, Kingsley? I had a child with him. He was there. You don't just throw that away after signing the divorce papers." "It wasn't a marriage!" Frustrated, Kingsley threw the line back at her that she'd told him time and time again during their affair. "He can't pay legal counsel. They'll give him a public defender, but he or she won't care." Lee appealed to his mother. He was in a tight spot, caught between his mother and his father How do you choose? "Please. Do this for me, Mum. It's just a name." Patti brought her fingers to her temple, a sign Kingsley had learned meant an oncoming migraine. It was another side effect of the damage. "Lee." Lee held his ground. "Mum." "It hurts?" Kingsley magicked a cold compress out of thin air. Patti nodded, moaning at his touch. He sighed, still grasping the basics of home care for his wife. He spoke softer, putting the Nathan Jordan never-ending argument aside for now. "You have to tell me what's going on in your head because I can't read your mind, Patricia." Lee muttered under his breath, angry, and stormed out of the place. That would be an interesting conversation over Christmas dinner. Kingsley never wanted to be a father. He supposed, or at least Kingsley hoped, he acted more like Lee's sometimes friend than his stepfather. He wasn't there to replace Lee's father. Nathan might be a cruel, sadistic bastard in Kingsley's eyes, yet there was no denying Mr. Jordan loved his boy. Remus, concerned, offered to run to the shop or apothecary for Patti. Both Kingsley and Patti shot down his offer, saying it was closed for the holiday. Kingsley, with his hands full, forgot to stock up on simple healing remedies in case her pain flared. It sounded bad, he knew, yet he dropped the ball too often when it came to his wife. With the Order, and the Ministry being shot to hell, and the Prime Minister of the Muggles, not to mention being on the run, Kingsley slipped somewhere. Kingsley covered her eyes with the cold compress after casting a Freezing Charm on it. He didn't have money to pay for potions or pain relievers at the moment anyway. "How bad is it?" Patti didn't move. She'd never suffered from these until her optic nerve got shredded. Patti didn't follow a pain scale, yet she got pretty descriptive. "Remember when I told you it is like my eyeballs are on fire?" "Yeah." Kingsley had bean afraid of this ever since they unintentionally weaned her off the recommended dosage. He supposed they could bargain with the black market. He paused, taking inventory of tangible goods he had on his person. He hated seeing her in physical pain. It was worse than Patti put on, no matter what she pretended. "I can steal stuff. Find Mundungus." Remus cocked his head, interested. Kingsley rarely crossed the line. Patti reached into her robes, pulled out a bottle of generic acetaminophen, a Muggle remedy, and she fumbled with the child proof lock. She slapped the bottle into Kingsley's hand, giving up, and he unscrewed it easily. He checked the dosage, tipped two capsules into her hand, adding more when she sighed. Remus conjured a goblet and filled it with water. Doubtful, Tonks rolled her eyes. "Does that even work?" "Not really," admitted Patti, taking the pills in one swallow. Kingsley knew the fact that she was so good at this meant they relied too heavily on the dosage. "It temporarily takes the edge off." "Say goodbye to your liver." Kingsley read the warnings by the feeble light before he pocketed the large pill bottle. "I will go to the market this afternoon." Patti said no. She gave some poor excuse like they'd miss Christmas dinner. Kingsley cooked for himself, and his cooking skills were pretty sad, especially compared to hers. Patti, a self-taught chef, spent time in the kitchen for the pure fun of it.