The man lived by certain dead sayings. Whenever a regular person would walk past a door and continue on his way, Lyall Lupin held the door open. If this thing happened to be damaged, like this afternoon, he took out his wand and repaired both the automatic door and the revolving door of the Muggle shop. It wasn't an easy fix, he'd explained; a man on call received a phone call, and this set a domino effect in motion. "Father worked in non-magical maintenance when the fellows in navy blue robes fancied going on strike," he said, stowing his wand away and double checking his work unnecessarily. The repairing spell sent shards and and bits back into their proper places. Lyall tapped the door with his hand. A thin man with greying hair, blue eyes, and everyday clothes, a crowd would've gobbled him up and forgotten about him. A young man, a Muggle, in a graphic t-shirt and baggy pants rushed forwards. Catching him without skipping a heartbeat, Lyall nodded at the teenage girl dressed in her Sunday best. "It's nicer if you let the lady go first. Automatic door or not." Lyall nodded pointedly at the young man, picked up his bags, and ignored the rude response. Chivalry and common sense stood on the brink of extinction, yet he clung to a dying hope. Andromeda Tonks raised her eyebrows and said nothing, though her expression clearly said she wanted to. They'd met only yesterday, April twelfth, known to the rest of the world as Easter Sunday. But it was their grandson's birthday. She'd braved the Muggle community in a dress that went out of style a decade or so ago. Her brown hair got pulled back in a high ponytail. She'd forgotten the makeup this morning, but she still looked beautiful without it. Lyall, knowing he indeed stood on thin ice with her, kept the compliment and any commentary to himself, perhaps saving it for later. He'd been married for twenty-one years , happily married, and she presented herself as an easy, judgmental book to read. She had a kind, rounded face. Deciding she'd get around to it sometime before hell froze over, Lyall relieved Andromeda of her bags and continued on his way. Andromeda simply stood there. "If you want to say something, you ought to come out and say it because I can't read your mind, ma'am," he said, treading carefully. He was no Legliimens. Those who he had met who practiced Leglimency or Occlumency said it was a most complicated art. "Don't take this the wrong way." Andromeda wrapped her traveling cloak tighter around herself. Lyall smirked, marking this was the second time she'd struck up their only two conversations in the last two days. Was this a habit, or did she understand she rubbed people the wrong way? Yesterday, when she'd briefly left her daughter's side, Andromeda had kept her effective telling off brief. But she'd thrown an egg in his face. He handed her the bag containing three cartons of eggs. "Really?" "Sorry. I didn't want you to feel empty-handed." Lyall mentioned there were three eggs left in the carton at home. Now that they were on the subject, or at least they were headed there, he'd wished to clear the air. But Andromeda had had the floor first. Never mind that she had a wand, so she wouldn't be defenseless anyway. "Why would you do that to your son? Why would you let a little boy get bitten by a werewolf?" Andromeda, direct, drove the point home. Seeing the shock etched upon his face as they turned the corner and headed towards her house, she sat on the steps. "How do you live with yourself?" The door opened, and Remus stepped outside. Looking a little surprised to see the pair of them, he waited. Lyall almost laughed. Yesterday, and this led to the egg-in-the-face thing, Lyall and Andromeda started out with a silent almost painfully passive-aggressive argument. It had exploded into a row. Remus told them to stay put and took the groceries inside. He doubled back and placed two eggs in Andromeda's hand. "Just in case," said Remus. Andromeda glared at the pair of them. "What the hell is wrong with the two of you?" "Thanks, Remus," said Lyall quietly. He sat down on a step below her. Remus grinned like a schoolboy. When he turned to go back inside, Lyall suggested he get some fresh air, seeing as he'd missed Church yesterday, and he owed him one. This might save him a tedious explanation later. "Remus heard this story only last year," said Lyall, resting his hands on his knees. Remus, intrigued, gave him fair warning that if he was going to change the Fenrir Greyback story, he deserved fair warning and a stiff drink. The last time Lyall had told this tale, Remus had left Lyall's place in a quiet rage, and that's where they'd left things for a long while. When Remus was four, almost five, Lyall had gotten recruited by the Ministry of Magic. He'd met with Fenir Greyback and marked himself by saying stupid words; he'd opened his mouth, and the words had come out. For years, he'd kept the identity of Remus's attacker secret because he didn't see why it mattered; there is power, if not a blissful ignorance, in not knowing everything. No matter how old Remus got, he was Lyall's child until the day he died. "He came in through the bedroom window?" asked Andromeda. "Oh, yes, talk about never sleeping naturally another night in your life." Lyall's conversational tone threw him off a little, for he'd said this with trembling fear. He admitted to being briefly addicted to a mild sleeping potion back in the day when they headed back inside. Andromeda replaced the eggs in the carton. He washed his hands before going upstairs with the others. Andromeda held the baby as Nymphadora Tonks slept nearby and asked what kicked the habit. "Simple. The wife found out, and I couldn't afford it." "What do you do?" Andromeda did shy away from the questioning him, which Lyall found he rather admired. Whenever it came to drug addition or substance abuse, people clammed up. This story was shared with few people, very few people, but it didn't get much better that he'd quit cold turkey. Remus sat down on the opposite side of the bed. "He doesn't sleep." "You never sleep?" Andromeda rounded on Lyall, incredulous. Lyall said he suffered from severe insomnia and anxiety attacks. He did sleep with his eyes open, and she took this as fact, saying she'd seen him doze off in Remus's chair earlier this morning. "All the time? Doesn't the light bother you?" "I sleep in a very dark room in the back of the house," said Lyall. It got really interesting when he went on assignment or got invited to a castle. He studied spirits and apparitions. Whilst he didn't have a lot of friends, he strangely considered the dead his company. Andromeda called him strange, and he took this as a compliment. He wasn't really socially awkward. Because of Remus's condition, they'd moved around a lot. Until Remus was on his own, Lyall had one friend. One close friend. "Mum, it's rude to tell people they're alone," said Dora. They all turned to face her, and her eyes were closed. Andromeda laid the baby down in a cot. "It's rude to eavesdrop." "We're going to have this conversation right now?" Dora rolled over. From what Lyall gathered from Remus, Dora was much more like her father, so, consequentially, she butted heads with her mother a lot. Ted Tonks, he gathered, had been a mellow, laid back man. Lyall sat back and wondered if he and Ted would've been friends. Remus said they were alike in temperament, and they enjoyed solitary activities. "Alone time is as beneficial as together time." Lyall noticed the sides of Remus's mouth twitch. He'd told Remus's mother this line time and time again, and it took Hope ages to understand he wasn't snubbing her. His wife had been bounced around from insurance agency to insurance agency because they moved around all the time. Whilst she never complained about always starting out again at the starting line, Hope had found it difficult to pursue her post secondary arts education. After seven or eight years, she'd been forced to start over here, too, because the credits rolled off. Finally, after twenty-five years, she'd earned a teaching position at a small university. Hope had been nearly fifty and forgot her name the first class she taught, an introductory course. She got coined as "that woman" and this carried on when she landed a position at Cambridge University. To the university students, and Remus loved this, Lyall got tagged as "that strange man married to that woman. Yeah, that one." Cambridge had loved her enthusiasm and soul. She'd suffered an inoperable brain tumor. Hope went through hell for ten months and finally fell asleep. A favorite student, a young medical student who wasn't even hers, had mercifully begged the hospital to put her to sleep. That was fifteens years ago now. "Oh. Remus, I almost forgot. This came three days ago via Muggle post." Lyall reached in his pocket and grabbed an envelope. "Ah, the good doctor. I thought he'd dumped me." Remus grinned at Dora when she rolled onto her other side. Lyall guessed Remus had told her about the medical student, Jakub Wysocki; Remus had gotten rather attached to his mother's favorite. He called him Poland. He slit open the letter, crossing his legs, and snuggled next to his wife as he read through the lengthy letter. Remus wiped a tear from his eye when he checked out the inside contents, and tapped the letter on the envelope. Lyall half-rose from his chair, filled with instant worry. "What is it?" "Not … it's nothing. Poland's signed onto King's College hospital. He's a neurosurgeon," said Remus. Remus kissed the envelope and flashed some stationery Muggle photographs at his father. Lyall, curious, took them. In one of them, Jakub Wysocki sat in a single bed with a skin and bones woman, a wisp of Lyall's once blonde and beautiful wife. Lyall shuffled through the other shots. In another photograph, Jakub helped a drugged Hope into a wheelchair and kissed her forehead. The third one showed a small family, Jakub, his Italian wife, Chiara, who had been Remus's mother's graduate student, and a tiny baby girl. "Is this going to make me cry?" Lyall held up his hand and shook his head when Remus shook the letter at him. "No, thank you.. Look at you." Lyall guessed this had something to do with the baby. Remus handed him a single shot of the baby, saying this one was going in his wallet. "Still pen pals with Jakub," said Lyall, mildly impressed they kept up this correspondence. "Who's this Jakub? Poland. Turn the family photograph over," said Remus, draping his arm over Dora's shoulder. Lyall obliged, laughing immediately as he read it: Finally get used to this damn country and settle down. And multiply. Kind of. This is Laura Hope Wysocki. Thanks to you and your mother for the encouragement and the ear, Remus. I'm a King's man. "Did we ask whether this child is Catholic or Jewish?" Remus, who had just reached for a glass of water, choked. He'd ragged poor Chiara and Jakub about religion and marriage throughout the students' time at university; the arts student had fallen for the shy scientist. They shared a laugh. Straightening up, he said, seriously, "Laura's Catholic. Judaism follows the mother … Chiara's a devout Catholic, remember? I miss them. When they'd had rows, they broke off into Polish and Italian." "Neither of them understood each other?" Andromeda got up to get the fussy baby and handed Teddy to his mother. "No, no. I know, like, three Italian words, and