Hospitals and similar sanctuaries acted as safe havens. People did things and left their lives behind, and all got erased. It was like being Obliviated without the trouble of a Memory Charm. Rolf had never been though such an experience, or he at least couldn't remember being placed under such a spell, but that was the point. He traveled to New York so often it was rather like a second home or a home away from home. On the day of his forty-second birthday, he walked the streets of New York with his grandfather. "Over here," said his grandfather. Newt pointed with a gnarled hand and used his blue umbrella as a walking stick. It clashed slightly with his peacock blue vintage coat, but he didn't care. He'd first visited the States in 1926; he'd been twenty-nine and worn the thing everywhere with his Hufflepuff scarf. It was 2014, nearly 2015, and frankly, when a man turned 117, he really no longer gave a shit. Newt had fed his New York publisher at the Obscurus Books publishing house that very line earlier this morning, and Rolf had struggled to keep a straight face until he'd walked out of the office. He'd lost it in the corridor. "I went too far," said Newt, stopping to catch his breath. He wasn't talking about distance because they had Apparated into New York City. He reconsidered the meeting and shook his head. Rolf kept his mouth shut because he'd guessed this was best, yet it was the wrong move. Newt was white-haired now, skin and bones, and moved slower. "The next thirty seconds are yours. Feel free jump in anytime, grandson." "Really? Oh. Okay." Rolf leaned against the wall and took a deep breath. Was his grandfather really going to let him tell him off? "You don't know everything, Mr. Scamander, although you think you do, and an editor saves lives. You told me that! You're arrogant, and I'm sorry, but you've got a God complex. That's dangerous." "I beg your pardon?" Newt rounded on him and stopped beside a Muggle ambulance station at a firehouse. "Boy, I raised you. Don't think I won't knock you down." Rolf made a tutting sound and raised his hand. If he'd been given the chance, he was getting this out one way or another. He showed his grandfather the face of his Cartier wristwatch. Newt Scamander was a sweet old Englishman. Everyone had their flaws. In fact, Newt had told him that a man's flaws were as enduring as his strengths; people who knew people saw these things. "I've still got fifteen seconds? What're you doing?" Rolf nodded, honestly a little frightened of his old grandfather. Newt took his wand out of his coat and pointed it at the umbrella. He charmed the umbrella into whacking Rolf soundly round the head. Rolf, chortling, raised his arms protectively and laughed when it started sprinkling. "You don't consider humans when you ought to sometimes. That would really help your public image. And you should wear what the Scamander Foundation picks out for you. Miss Clearwater keeps you fashionably timeless for a reason, and you fight her because you're the grumpy old man telling gnomes to stay out of your garden. The coat, though? I like the coat. Is it part of my inheritance?" Newt stuffed his bruised hand in his pocket. "What inheritance?" "Ouch." Rolf raised his hands in a gesture of surrender and beat off the umbrella. Its charm wore off. Rolf cast an Engorgement Charm on it and held it over him and his grandfather. Newt leaned on him. Newt had fallen the day before in the kitchen and then again in the bathroom. "How's the leg? You want to sit down?" "You sit down. Shut up, Newton," said Newt, pointing again at a nearby dumpster. A nearby firefighter on a smoking break waved at them. Newt returned the wave halfheartedly. "This is where your mother left you the day you were born. Right here. The hospital is over there." Rolf nodded, piecing it together as Newt pointed with his injured hand and complained because he forgot it was hurt. Rolf was a grown man. He'd put this family drama to bed ages and ages ago because he'd been truly fortunate to have his grandparents raise him as their second son. His mother, a Brazilian woman born to immigrants, hadn't been in her right mind and had been addicted to a handful of substances. His father, Frank, was still on that road. Rolf's mother, Maria Silva, had been seventeen and lost. "She threw me away," said Rolf slowly, wiping his face with his free hand. His grandmother, Tina, had told him this over and over, though he'd never taken it literally. Rolf had two small boys of his own and this weighed on him unexpectedly. Maria Silva had given birth at the nearby hospital and thrown away her problems a few blocks away. It was cold in New York in Christmastime. "Look at me. She was a girl. And she was scared out of her mind." Newt had suspected what Rolf's mother was going to do and had followed her. He had found his grandson wrapped in hospital blankets and carried him back up to the hospital. "You were addicted and strung out … and some creatures do this. Some eat their young. Cats and Kneazles do. You weren't Christmas breakfast." "Grandpa!" Rolf burst out laughing. Newt shrugged, pleased he'd lightened the mood. Newt Scamander showed his awkward funny side now and again. Rolf couldn't imagine abandoning his four year old sons, his twin boys, because Lysander and Lorcan were his life. Smiling, deciding he'd put this to bed, he draped his free arm around his grandfather's waist and suggested they grab a bite to eat. "The Sandwich Shop?" "Ooooh, yes, please," said Newt. The publisher, Mr. Worme, hadn't known that it had been Rolf and not Newt who had made the corrections for the fifty-first edition of F antastic Beasts and Where to Find Them . (The fiftieth edition had indeed been special because this was the last one Newt touched, although few people knew this.) Thirteen years ago, the book got released to Muggles. Rolf had found this particularly enjoyable because Newt had fretted over the small stuff and insisted he needed more Muggles and No-Majs as friends. "Grandpa, why didn't you send me an owl when you fell yesterday? Not hours later. But straightaway?" Rolf closed the umbrella when they entered the establishment and set it on a nearby hook. A house-elf dressed in casual clothing led them over to a booth. They sat down. "Why did you fall?" Rolf knew almost immediately this was the wrong question. He'd made this mistake before, so he should've known better, yet he'd stepped right in it. They ordered drinks and an appetizer. Rolf, who had gotten comfortable with his marriage, had started to pack on what Charlie Weasley referred to as the pudge. He went with a side salad with no dressing and a so-called light gillywater. How could gillywater be light? Newt glared daggers at him and ordered potato skins and a dark stout. "I don't know, Rolf, why is the sky blue? Don't be smart and give me the answer. What a stupid question! I'm old." "Sorry." Rolf handed him a thing of wrapped silverware. Newt grunted. "Order a beer. You signed off on your first edition." "I can't." Rolf sipped his gillywater. "You are a sad, sorry man." Newt asked the house-elf for another tankard of stout when she came back around. Newt had been married for seventy-five years and set the bar for others. Tina had truly been his best friend because she let him live his life. She'd passed a month ago at the ripe old age of 113. Technically, Rolf hadn't signed off on anything. He'd forged Newt's signature with the old man's permission. Technically. as they shared a name and Rolf's full name was Newton Artemis Rolf Scamander, he'd done nothing wrong. They shared the same handwriting. Rolf usually gave his name as Newton R. Scamander. And that middle initial had been a struggle during the paperwork avalanche. They both ordered the French Dip. Newt scoffed at Rolf's plain baked potato. "Rabbit food and a baked potato? What're you doing for Christmas dinner tomorrow? Going to sit there with your hands tied at table?" "No." "Luna doesn't care that you're putting on weight. You're not fat." "I know." Rolf suddenly felt self-conscious. Because Newt acted as both his father and grandfather, they'd grown to become rather close friends. Rolf couldn't keep anything from him, and he didn't even try. He wiped his chin with a napkin and figured he'd pay for this later. "Got an early Christmas gift for you." Newt looked interested. "Oh?" "Yeah. Only it's coming this spring." Rolf cheated and put a knob of butter on his potato. The sides of Newt's mouth twitched; it was quite obvious he'd guessed it already. "We're pregnant again. Act surprised tomorrow." "Oh, Grandma's going to be delighted." Newt downplayed his happiness. He didn't only love the twins; he lived for them some days. The old man stayed on the last leg of a marathon, and they all knew he felt as though he was ready to go. For a moment, Rolf realized, Newt had forgotten his wife was no longer with them. Rolf nodded, not bothering to correct him. This Christmas was going to be a difficult one. This thought had occurred to him before, of course, though it hit home in this moment. Newt, he suspected, faked his happiness almost as often as it struck true. "Grandpa?" Rolf reached out to grab his injured hand and healed it with a tap of his wand. Newt's mind had drifted. After Tina had passed, a counselor, a friend with a sympathetic ear, had warned Rolf aged spouses followed each other to the grave. Rolf got up, left a tip for the house-elf, and helped Newt to his feet. "Want to go to Central Park?" "No." Rolf grabbed his umbrella and took off his old Hufflepuff scarf. He draped it over his grandfather's neck. He left Newt standing there and entered The Coffee Bean, a wizard's coffee shop and bookshop and ordered two peppermint mochas and a bag of snickerdoodles. Newt shook his head. "Saying no to the diet today?" "It's my birthday. What diet?" He handed him a coffee. Rolf ate his feelings. Really, according to Charlie Weasley, Rolf celebrated his birthday over two days to give the stragglers a chance to pass their Christmas gifts off as a two-for-one deal, and in the rest of the world this was all right. "Forty-two." Newt sipped his drink and stopped outside Macy's on Fifth Avenue. Rolf saw this as nothing more than a department store No-Majs loved. A Demiguise got trapped here ages ago. "Don't you want your Cartier serviced?" "Not here. Next stop? London?" Rolf hated running errands on his birthday, but he always inevitably found himself in a fix. Newt nodded and offered Rolf his arm. They appeared next to the familiar brick wall. Rolf made this as painless as possible and ran into the publishing office on the south side. The editors lapped up another hour and a half of his time. "Done. I wanna go home." "Birthday half gone with no fun?" Newt smirked when Rolf said he hated the commercialism of the holidays. He liked the coffees. "'One more thing, Mr. Scamander.' 'If you wouldn't mind, Mr. Scamander …' How do you escape these vultures?" Rolf rubbed his hands together. Rolf nodded at the publishing house and forgot to adjust his world traveller wristwatch; he made a mental note to adjust this when they got home and tossed their empty coffees in a nearby bin. After fifty some editions of the old Hogwarts textbook out there, Rolf would've thought they had this thing down to a